Van Diemen's Land News. We make the following extracts from the True Colonist which are the only pa- pers we have been favoured with: BUSHRANGERS - INQUEST ON THE BODIES. The Inquest was held yesterday morn- ing before P. A. Mulgrave, Esq. Coroner, The Jury met at ten o'clock, at the Court-house, and after viewing the bodies, returned; when the first witness called was Thomas Rogers, who being sworn, sta- ted - that Brown and Jeffkins came to a hut at Port Sorrell, where he was employed as a lime-burner, the 1st Feby., in a very bad state as to clothing; they had no shoes but had pieces of leather and blanket tied about their feet; Brown had a grey jacket drawn on instead of trowsers, and Jeffkins had a blanket sewn up round him; they had each a ragged shirt and no other clo- thing; they appeared weak, scarcely able to stand; they were both armed with double barrelled guns; they tied him and another man; an old man who was in the hut they did not tie; they ordered him to get something to eat; they said they had had nothing to eat for five days, but a carrot and a cockatoo, and were three days without water; they remained all night and kept us tied; one kept watch whilst the other slept; they eat a great deal during the night; their stomachs would not retain the food they were so weak, and they fre- quently went out to vomit; next morning they got up before day and ordered the old man to bake a damper; they told us they were going to a bark-chopper's hut, three quarter's of a mile from our hut; they marched us up to where the "barkers" lived; Brown went up, Jeffkins following; Brown asked a man at the hut where his comrades were; we then saw three con- stables coming over a hill at a short dis- ance; Brown ran towards them, he immediately levelled his piece and fired; I saw a man fall: he then fired the other bar- rel directly after I saw a gun fired by one of the party and Brown fell: Jeffkins ran up and said, "Get up you cowardly b----r, and come on;" - Brown said he could not; Jeffkins rested his gun against a tree and fired; he cried to the party "Come on there are enough of you to eat me;" he pre sented his gun and, I think, fired a second time; I saw him soon after fall, after hear- ing a gun fired from the party; I did not hear anything pass between the party and Brown before the firing; I heard some- thing said by the party when Jeffkins was behind the tree, but do not know what it was; after the firing, when I went up to the party. I found the constable who was shot, and whose name was Smith, still liv- ing, but he died soon afterwards; Jeffkins died after the constable; they were both shot through the head; Brown was woun- ded in the body and had his left arm crushed by the shot; I called out to the constables when Jeffkins fell that there was no more of the bushrangers; I should know the constables who were of the party if I saw them- - [The men James Small, James Buckley, (who were with, Smith when he was shot) John Harris, Frederick Carman, Henry Chalk, William Birmingham, Richard Herbage, and Tho- mas Walker, were then brought in and recognised by the witness.] I saw nine constables in the party; I only know two of the constables; six came up after the skirmish commenced; Brown and Jeffkins took clothes from us when they were in the but on Sunday; they did not say any- thing, but took them from the box in the hut. - The Jury, without retiring, returned the Verdict - Murder against Brown and Jeffkins - Justifiable Homicide in the case of their death. WVInA'r.-Ve are happy to observe that the Government have at length taken warning by the past, and that they -are advertising for an unlimited quantity of wheat early in the season. We trust that the necessities of the settlers will not in dtce them to tender at an injuriously low rate ; by doing so they will bring down the price for the seaso'i, as we find that the shpp'y is likely to be not more than will-meet the demand, if the Government will lay in two years' supply, which we hear is their intention, It is expected ihat the..tenders will be from 8s. to 9s. per --bushe--or from lgs.d 6d. to 'Iies. per 100 lbs, ; and we really think that who ever tenders below 8s. ?ill 'isjure himself and the Colony. Wheat cannot be low this season, unless the settlers wantonly reduce it themselves-for although the crop is good, there are no old stacks as there were lust. yeai, and the popu!ation is much increased. 'WATER AcT.-We understand that the bill to provide for the 'supply of Hobart Town with water, is prepared, and is now with the Governor. Amongst other things, it provides that the Government shall-take into its own hands, not only the rivulet, but the springs which supply it ; and as soon as -the Act,:passes, every person who now receives water at the Aqueduct, will have to pay for it; Query.-- Had he pros pect of squeezing-a little money, more to do with hurrying the Act, than any desire to give the people wholesome water. Judgiing from the past, we expect that as soon as the Act is in force, and bring ing in a revenue of some ',X- 100 or -£200 a year, we will have no more done about the water. 'The rainy season- coming on, will be an excuse. We shall see. 'I'Tan Bass.-We are happy to learn that the new English Bank mniy -be daily expected out. It will be a great advantage to the Colony that-the new Bank does not keep- the Government money; it will be equal to that much increase of circulating capital, for the ne-w Bank-will of, course bring out that -much more capital than they would have done, had they been com pelled to lodge security-to the amount of £200,000 in the stocks; that money will most-probably be brought out' here, die. counts -must -fall, and. property will rise. What with a good crop-a good fleece and a bank, which will make motley plen tiful, and your surplus taken at interest, and kept until you want it, the usurers may flee when they choose. Last week a considerable.quantity of fruit [plums chiefly] was sold by auction, in hampers containi.ng about a bushel-each, having been sent in from the country by Mr. Espie. The price realized was from 9s. to los. per hamper, 'We think other settlers would do well-in .following the same plan, as " every .little helps" the in dustrious man who is endeavouring to struggle through the -world A few bushels of fruit is not much -missed out of a good garden, and a few pounds in. cash- is no joke in these hard times. .The Siren and Currency Lass left Sydney within two hours of each other; and arrived here within twenty mtinutes of the same time. We" undersitiid that considerable diffi culty has been occasioned in the building of the new Presbyterian Church, by the intterference of the' Government witl the stone quarry. We shall endeavour to get further particulars. __ __ 1lATERNAL AFrrFcszaIo AN BERAVERY OF THE H.EN.-On Sunday afternoon, while a few friends were enjoying a little pleasant conversation in-the bucklparluurof-a_gen-. tl,,man in, Collins street, they were sutd denly startled by an extraortlinary noise under the sofay from whence immediately tumbled out a tremendous large' rat. and a little game. hen in mortal contest.. On obserivingtheadvatitage the hen had, they were leftto -themselves; and in less than one minute, her :attacks were so violent and incessant, that she laid the enemy of ,her brood prostrate at her feet, and after satisfyipg herself that life was extinct, she proceeded with proud steps to collect het young family -together who had -run in terror from the scene'ofaction, as no doubt the rat had first attacked some-of them. On the rat being thrown in the yard, the brave 'fowl flew after it, and after a few more pecks and blows, proceeded to scrape about the.dust as if to cover hitr up. The " bush-fire" on the Dynnyrne, estate, which for the last- several-- days has been spreading with such fearful raplidity, ap ,peared on Saturday to be nearly spent, but we regret to observe, that yesterday's hot wind h as_cnuse.itAo_breakouttagain-wvith renewed violence. We--understand that Mr. R. L. Murray will be a great sufferer in the destruction ot his fences by this fire, which it is suspected was maliciously kindled. F?Maan Emroa.?RATs.-Another ship load of the female victims of the Emigration Committee now sails towards our-shores, the Sarah, with 250.girls on board, being daily expected; as appears by the notice copied into. our paper of yesterday. I'n an early number, we shall go very fully into thesubject oP:Female Emigration and its several defects. Mr. ROBERTsON AT LIBE RT.~RY.-esterday morning, Mr. Robertson, proprietor of this Journal, was liberated from his illegal con finement in the felons' jaol at :IHobart rovown,upon the bail of James Gordon--and Hugh Murray, Esqs. that he should answer the complaint of Thomnas Wood Rowlands, attorney of notoriety, for an alleged libel upon thle said Thomas Wood Rowhnds. It the Attorney General thinks proper to lend the awful powers-of Grand Jury to-a man who, if injured at all, had his remedy at civil law; but because the man, he chooses to say has vilified him, has a lar ger family than a fortune, he chooses to prosecute criminally, in order to cut the defendant short of a plea of-justification. Since writing the above, we have re ceived the Tasmanian of the 6th inst. from which we make the following extracts: INDIA. By-the Lonach we have .received the Calcutta papers to the beginning of No vember, and the Mauritius to the middle of December. The intelligence from India is of consi derable importance, TheEast India Com pany, still possessing, by the folly of the Whig Ministry when their Charter was re cently renewed, the right of sovereignty, have long cast a languishing eyes upon the territory of a rich and a powerful native prince, the Rajah of Joudpoor. The troops stimulated by the plunder invariably resul ting from theas most wicked and piraiical expeditions, are ever anxious to proet d upon them, and exhibit if possible more evcn dian.?Brilflh valour, A pretence is alwTya ready, as in the fable of the w?oI and the lamb, when' the determination is come to. So in the case of the poor RU jab ; he is charged with "misgovernmenit," and the India Company take upon them selves the duty of radical reformers-radi cal indeed, for-they settle the matter both root and branch-marching an overwhelm ing force against their victim, invariably rejecting all propositions of peace, even if they extend to the conceding all which formed the pretence of war. and this chief ly in order to be able to possess the-plun der, under the pretence of storming every place where plunder is to be obtained! The victim is then either akilled in defence of all that is dear to him-his family, his property, and his crown-or if taken alive, he is confined for life in some former vic tim's citadel, (now become his prison) or if he surrenders, he is compelled, as is so well expressed in the -following extract from the Hurkura, ." to choose the Com pany as his patrons, and some of, their strong holds as his gaol.,' Thus writes that independent journalist therean ; " The state.of our present relations with Joudpoor is as little- known to the country, as the new council of four, or the closest diseiplhe of the secret department could desire. ".In the absence of all authenticated accounts, the en quiring minds of the curious are busily em ployed in-surmise and conjecture, the results of which, as-might hbeinferred, do not harmo. nise" very well. "The native papers asserts, that Llaun Singh is determined to break a lance with the Company; the English reports afliru that. he-has acquiesced the terms offered hits by the British, viz., to vacate, (we suppos.) the Gnddee and choose the Company'v as his ,a/ron, and some of their stlring holds as his jail. Whichever of these two accounts lie correct, there cannot be mtuch doubt that an exhibition of force will be -made by the Go vernlment, aind that an armny will asaeemhle on the frontier of the Joudpoor state. A mere promise of concession sits us lightly on an Indian Raj h as on a Cabinet Rlinister' i Eu. ripe; and th!efulfilment of it can be as easily dispensed willt by'the former as by the latter. To enforce the verbal concession, if one has been made, a force will therefore probably assemble. the command of which, report states, will devolve auponn General Stevenson, ywho will thus escape the task of presiding at the Court Martial to which he has been ap pointed President. We-hear that the Deputy Commissary General has been ordered-to, join tihe force whenever it may assemble." What the crime bf this unfortunate prince is; that the Company--have -deter minedý-npon plundering and slethroning him, is evident from the following ex tract,' from a detail of his offences, put forthin -the- Bengal Gazelle :- " Mlha Rajah Main Singh, has generally in his communicaiian with the agents displayed none ofthat 'su6mission which has mautked the. conduct of the other chiefs of R',jpotana. On he Gov.-General's late visit to Ajsmere, he did not, like the other chiefs, visit his Lordship'; he has allowed his tribute to fall tao years into arrear; he is supposed to have opened some political correspondence with the,Auto. crat of the north ; to hitwe ifforded on the frottiers of his dominionsa an asylum to cer. tain Nuiggur, P'erkur, -and' Kosa plundti rer.s, whlo v;olated'lhe frontier of other states; he did not meet itn good spirit the mieasure adopt ed for the .adjustment 'o rertain boundary ldisputes between his own, aand tiheterritory of other states ;--and hl did not readily supply the. contingent troops, which ky treaty lie is hound to blrinu forsarld, on thel demand of the British Gover?inenta." The - poor R;ijah ! So then becaure he was not " submiseav.c"-he omitted to visit the Company's Autocrat, and he is two year " 'ranus"' (! ! !) in arrear, he is to be dethroned, plundered, and his territory incorporated in the Companpny vast em pire! Are not these accursed proceedings enough to bring dowli the vengeance of I-leaven ' upon the nation which sanctions it'? Tl'hat tire Rajah's. entire ruin is deter minee ron, s evidensrfron the overw ii ing force marched against him.. It is composed as follows: 2,1, 4th, 5th,6 h, and 7th Cavalry. . 2 500 2iuda7n;Rl tosoi il bTri?T-?idHTorse Artillery ...............-...... . '272 4th troop, 3d bIriKade, Horse Attillery 139 3d company 'lt-batialion,' Is, 3J and 4th companies, 2d batstalion, and 21 companies, 5 h battalion Foot Artil lery........... ................. 888 2.1I company lth hIattalion F. ArtillerVy -125 3d, 'lth, 22a1, 23d,. 28th, 32d, 44thb,. 51st, 61st, and 68th regimeht*, Native IInfantry .....:.......... 8,294 And one regiment iaknownrv Four compsiies Sappers andi Miners 540 I. -L's 26.b (Cameroniaiin) say...... 1,000 Total 13,758 This powerfurl force is commanded as follows : Brigadier Gen. Stevenson, C. B. to Command. STAFF. Dy/Qr M\aster G..nerat, Lieut-Col E Barton )y Adlj G(cner.dl, Llent-Col Aaqueliel: Assist Atdj General, (Cornet -) I) Andlerson ; Dy Corn General, M;jor burlton: Stperintendeig Sur geon, Mr P.unton ; Com Artillery, (Col Pa ks; C{aOt Cavahry, (ol TaOmb., Lieuut-Col Dlatitas ; Fiell Etgiheer, Mtjor Irvite; Assist Adtj (ena Artillery, Cornet Campblell, H A; AssistAdjj Oen Cavalry, Cornet Dawkins. 2nd L C; 2, 3, 4, troops 3rd brigade H A, under Mlajor Goavun, attuchedl to Cavalry divisin. Right Cavalry division Brigadier Duffit, MI B 2nd s-nd 4tlh L . LrfTCavalry divisiotl, Brigadtier Kennedy, N1 B 6 h and 7tIh-tC-itight divl sion, Brigadier.,gan, CB; _Capt Hamil:on, Assist Adj Gene'ral., 'Left division, Brigadier Oglander; Major Catpibell, Assiar Adrj Gen. First brigade, Brigadier Hdmpton, NI B, 36 h; 51st, 61st, G5th. Second brigade, Brigatier Simson, M B; His Majesly'd 25th fool, 3ird, 22nd, 266h, 44 h. 'lThird brigade. Brigadlier Woraley, NI B, 23:d, 28ah, 32nd. Fourth bri a~de;-Bligadirr Littler,-li- Bs-8th,-48;b,-541h. Reserve, under Major Blair. 3rd L H.-Volt thtngents, under Captain Hawvkes. 