THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1835 The journal of an expedition to the Hotham River, and an account of the return journey by way of York, which Mr. Hillman, of the Survey Department, has obligingly favored us with, opens to our view, a portion of this territory hither- to unexplored. The distance from the William's River to the explored country at York, is about fifty miles ; about 25 miles of the ground passed over in a due N.N.E. line, may fairly be set down as available for purposes of agriculture or grazing. It appears but reasonable to conclude, if so large a portion of the country is good, in a direct line, that, following the various tracts of approved land, either to the right or left, (which the expedition under our notice had nei- ther the means nor intention of accom- plishing,) a vast extent of country must be open to us. The Geographical Society of London, we observe, are directing their attention, and sending out their emissaries, to the various portions oí the globe. Why do they neglect so new and interesting a country as this ? His Excellency Sir James Stirling, we may reasonably anticipate, has reached King George's Sound by this time— three weeks having elapsed since his de- parture from the bivouac at the William's River, directing his course to Doubtful Island Bay. We look for his arrival here, in the Sally Ann, in about fourteen days, when we expect an interesting ac- count of a large portion of our territory, between the William's and Doubtful Is- land Bay, hitherto unexplored. The opening recently made at the west end of the town of Perth, on the road, to Fremantle, affords a highly picturesque view of the town, approach- ing it from the sea port. A considerable distance is saved by this new cut, and a hill insurmountable by carts, over the old road by Mews's, at Mount Eliza, is avoided. We consider it necessary to caution the travellers on this new road, that a fence intersects the road at the rise of the hill, which, by an arrangement with the proprietor on the arrival of his Excellency from King George's Sound, must be removed. We are glad to find the superabundant labor, at present available, directed to such beneficial im- provements ; and if our means would extend to the accomplishment of an object we have long considered advisable, we would recommend the clearing of the roads in,the precincts of the town, as the approaching season gives us some reason to ap- prehend danger from the bush- fires, which have annually surrounded us. A few copies of a panoramic view of King George's Sound, from a drawing by Lieut. R. Dale, H.M. 63d Regt., have been received in the colony by the Hero. The original drawing was highly com- mended here for its accuracy ; but we are sorry to find that it has been most lamely and impotently handled by the engraver, and the daubers, who have endeavoured to give a coloring to a scene, which certainly did not require such ad- ventitious aid. The case and general appearance of the exterior of the work, do some credit to the publisher ; but the panorama itself is a miserable daub. The retail price of fresh meat is now reduced to 1s. 3d. per lb ; eggs, 2s. per doz. ; fresh butter, 2s. per lb The market is at present amply supplied with most articles, either of luxury, or neces- sary consumption, and the prices by the package are not immoderate. The retail prices, up to this time, are but little af- fected by the recent importations, and the expectation of an increased supply, which will be poured in upon us by the next arrival. 