THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL. SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1838. "Neither conscience nor taste will suffer me to fight one class or, interest against another, for separate benefit, or to take the narrow ground of undeviating panegyric." A NEW feature in the mismanagement of the Perth Whaling Company has come before our notice. At the last meet- ing of the proprietors, it was suggested that the island of Pulo Carnac, which the company hold on a lease from the go- vernment for the term of seven years, should be offered back to the government, with all the improvements thereon, for a reasonable consideration. As a proof how little was known by the committee of the tenor of the lease, or of the original arrangement effected with the govern- ment, to their astonishment they have received, through the Secretary to the company, in reply to his tender of the property, a communication to the effect, that a condition of the lease admits the crown to the full possession of the island and the property thereon, at any period within the term of said lease, provided the company is dissolved, or, is so con- ducted as to be prejudicial to the public interests. The tenure upon which this lease was held could not have been gene- rally known, otherwise it would not have been subscribed to. Here we have the real state of the case. The company has scarcely been in existence twelve months, and all its improvements, on a property which was considered valuable, are be- come forfeit to the crown, by the in- troduction into the lease of a sweeping clause, which, if overlooked, confirms our previous remark, in allusion to the affairs of this company, that 'mismanagement is another word for misfortune.' How- ever, we would now give our last advice upon this subject to those who are most interested in the preservation of the pro- perty , whether it be the crown or the company. Let some steps be immediate- ly taken either to remove the buildings, or to secure them from depredation, as it is currently reported the materials are rapidly disappearing from the island, and are re-appearing elsewhere, in a new form. It is time the proposed general meeting should be called to cancel the deed of partnership, and to wind up the concern. His Excellency Sir James Stirling has proceeded to King George's Sound, on his annual visit, in H. M. S. Pelorus. His Excellency will return in about a fortnight or three weeks, in the colonial schooner Champion. WE expressed, last week, an inclina- tion to receive with every caution, the opinion put forth by Mr. Drummond, that the lobelia is the plant which occa- sioned so much loss amongst our stock. This reservation was made before we re- ceived Mr. Carter's letter—and his letter must have been written prior to his re- ceiving our last number; we must there- fore disclaim being wedded to any decided opinion as to the cause of the disorder, and with pleasure acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Carter's letter upon this head, as the more extended the dis- cussion, the sooner may we expect to arrive at the truth. THE tenders of fresh meat for the supply of the troops at Perth for the next three months, nearly approach the old standard price ; the lowest tender was 1s. 5d. Within the last fifteen months, the price has varied from 8d. to 1s. 5d. per lb., —being regulated at times by the supplies sent down from the country, and at other times by the demand. The lat- ter circumstance, arising out of the de- mand for the shipping within the last few months, has again raised the price to this extravagant rate. We are assured that the stock fit for the butcher is scarce in the interior, and that such high prices are consequently demanded that it will not answer any person's purpose to con- fine his attention exclusively to butcher- ing. We differ from this opinion, and consider it merely inquires a better ar- rangement for hanging the stock to market, and collecting it in a central spot at York, to be drawn off as requir- ed. Any person of common industry and good management would soon find this trade would realize for him an independ- ence. A very moderate supply of salt provisions has been imported, within the last twelve months ; our flocks have therefore been our sole dependance, which is one of the main causes of,the rise in fresh provisions. A one-pound note, a part of the stolen property from Mr. Mellish a short time back, was found on the person of a black man—a Lascar. He was examined on Tuesday last, and committed. MARKET PRICES.—flour, 5d. per lb. ; beef, 8d. ; pork, 1s ; tea, 3a 6d.; sugar, 7d. ; sago, 9d. ; starch, 1s. 3d.; soap, 2s. 6d. ; candles (moulds), 2s. ; brandy, 16s. per gallon ; gin, 14s. ; rum, 14s. ; vinegar, 6s.; sperm oil, 6s.; tongues, 6s. each; pickled tripe, 28.lb. cask, 16s. ; tobacco, 2s. 9d. per lb ; mustard, 2s. Wm. Rogers, senior, of Perth, is the first indi- vidual who has obtained the distinction of imprisonment arising out of a suit in Equity. A bill was filed against him for a discovery and account of the proceeds of a large quantity of goods,—the proceedings in this case have been published. His answers and accounts were very unsatisfactory. An order of sequestration was issued by the Court, but the goods seized were of very trifling amount, and the debtor pertinaciously defying all process of law, and declining all over- tues made by the creditor, he was therefore sent to Jail yesterday afternoon for contempt of Court. FREMANTLE has been greatly enlivened within the last three or four months by the arrivals at that port from various quarters; and the supplies required for the shipping have tended to enhance the prices of most articles of consumption, which had already arrived at a most ruinous rate to the public. The increas- ing demand for our agricultural produc- tions ought to give renewed life and energy to farming operations. The improvements effected by the Fremantle Whaling Company have laid claim to our notice in our previous num- bers, and a recent inspection of their works has given us peculiar gratification, from their solid and substantial construc- tion, as well as the judicious arrange- ment of the several parts to facilitate the operations of the approaching season. The enterprise exhibited in this under- taking surpasses any thing attempted in the colony from private resources ; it is to be desired, therefore, that it may prove successful, and but little doubt can be entertained of the result, with proper management and a union of purpose. The jetty and wharf will afford facilities for discharging the cargoes of vessels lying in the roadstead, as well as for the shipment of goods, and in a few weeks the jetty will be sufficiently completed to admit of small craft drawing ten feet water, to approach it and lie alongside. This is a public benefit, which will be more particularly felt during the winter season, when every convenience which may forward the expeditious discharge of cargo is of the first importance, and will be highly estimated. The tunnel under Arthur's Head, communicating with the jetty, and opening into the high street, completes this work of utility and accom- modation. A handsome flight of steps, the full width of the high street leading up to the gaol—an octagonal building—would be a great improvement, and we hope soon to see it carried into effect. If in the course of time the prisoners are to be occupied at Perth, to be contiguous to the Court-house, we should like to see these steps leading up to a church. Could not the property be purchased from the government for this purpose ? A Sunday school has been established at Fremantle within the last fortnight, and we hear it is very well attended. Mrs. Brown and Miss Pace, with the assistance of Miss Hokin, have succeed- ed in forming this much required and valuable institution. The road to Fremantle has recently been widened and much improved ; but from the junction of the new road with Dale's old road, the work, if any attempt has been made to repair it; has been done in a most slovenly manner. For the distance of about, a mile, there are large holes, at intervals of a few yards, where the blackboys have been burnt by a bush-fire, which are extremely danger- ous, and at the same time that we re- commend this circumstance to the atten- tion of the proper authorities, we would caution the equestrian to be on his guard. THE cause of our market being indif- ferently, supplied with the fish of the river and the fish of the sea, does not appear to be satisfactorily explained. It is readily sold, and at good prices ; the scarcity cannot therefore arise from a want of encouragement ; neither is our river nor coast wanting in shoals of fish to supply the demand. How, then, can this scarcity be accounted for ? Some of our correspondents will, we hope, throw a light upon the subject. For our own part, we are inclined to believe that em- ployment is so easily obtained in other less laborious ways, this pursuit is con- sequently neglected. THE WEATHER.-Notwithstanding the weather has been very changeable for some months past, we have not been visited by any other than dis- tant thunder during the summer-a circumstance without precedent since the commencement of the Colony. The quantity of rain fallen during the same period has also been very trifling. 