-.-00s44-... S MAJOR`:MONTGOMERY. - TIlE sympathiesof the humane, andthe judgments of the enllightened, portion of the public have ne?ver4 heen'so decidedly startled by any act of 'magistirial' oppression and inquisitorial cruelty, since'thI?;days of the detested and by some exe crated Major Ovens, than by the late seiitence enforced by Major Montgomery, upon the three convicts of the New Town Gang. We had heard some talk about this case a few days ago ; but we conceived the facts as represented to us to be incredible, considering the character Major Montgomery; and we therefore refrained from directly noticing the transaction until farther and more positive information should transpire. The truth, however, of the statements which then reached us, have now been boldly and publicly reported, and have formed the subject of indig nant animadversion in some of the public prints of the day. We feel, therefore, that we labour no longer under any delicacy or restraint in taking up this case upon its merits, and giving a free andid unqualified :expression of oir sri? tineits on the subject. ''The facts of the 6cas, so far as wehiave learned, are these :-On the evening of the 25th of March, about eight o'clock, three prisoners of the Crown attached to the NIew Town Road Party, were discovered by~ a counstable it :wdikl:in': field 'be longing to Mr. Cruikshaks, at t ieSi'irry, Hills; they were taken in charge and conducted directly to Hyde Park Barracks. Next morning they were brought to the bar of the Barrack Police Office, charged with being found at large after sunset, and working in the service of a private individual. This undoubtedly was a serious charge, and unquestionably called for the strictest investigation, and, if substantiated, demanded also., exemplary chastisement at the' hands of Major Montgomery, the magistrate in whose hands the pplice ad ministration of the .Barracks is solely vested. On being called on, for their defence, the prisoners at the, bar. acknowledged` the facts, but pleaded that they had gotthleper mission of their overseer, atnd jhad not acted merely of their own accord.: .This defence iwas corroborated by: the ,, overseer himself who ap-: peared in Cqouit to explaintlhe case, und assured the Magistrate that the tneia were, not 'out by stealth, but with the knowledge' and consent of those under,whose direction they were placed. This statement was farther confirnied by Mr. Felton Mathew, the Town Surveyor,''~ ho,did all that he coiuld to pei'suade Miiajr Montgomery that the men were not personally guilty, and should not, therefore in this instance be punished. Bht notwithstanding all these.lplain and satisfae-' tory reasons for acquitting the prisoners, this re. lentless Magistrate, who seems to be inured to the idea tlhat the bloody system of the scourge is. the only sovereign.: appliance of Convict Disci. pline, shut his ears to the unexceptionable tesii mony before him, and closed his heart to the' gentle influences of that high attribute of noble nattures, that needs but a lair pretext for its it dulgence. His worship forthwith sentenced the men to twenity-five lashes each; and with the most unyieldinig obdura y, enforced 'the itifliction to the letter of the law. Now this act "of magisterial jurisdiction, the voice of an indignant public is at this nmoment denouncing as an instance of heartless cruelty, of pi?lpable injustice, and abuse of power. Il so fir us these men were proved beyond a doubt to have been personally blameless in the case before us, the infliction of punishment was in compatible with the simplest dictates of common justice; and the' !pn whose judgment could mislead him in so plain a case, exposes himself to the suspilion of being incompetent for the responsible and highly Important dutlies of a magistrate in a civiliz?R conntry, We cannot eorceive any palliating irnmmultanie?ln thils case, to afford the slighlluat apology for so glaring it oontravention of thR most sacred lprin, ales of natural equity and right, Perhaps Major M, may be disposed to poust the 111r4 of ,qegoi and right belonging In nny measure to the miserable wretoh Ili that come nder tile Iron.rod of his adminisratilon1, If so, this also shows Ithe man's incompoteney for tile olica whieh he fills, The basest felon in our conviet esttblieshllints has his rights, whlI he may ohAillongo at the hands of thit law to whleohle heas forfeited his personalF lilertly and Ihose rights, not even th(e Groivn, whlose brad and' shalkles he wears, can le9itu= mainly invado, These men are by no.' mealf outlawed him ro Ail? tilte clims of hillfllity of the rights of justio@. Theiy hIave ommited a aertain mloulgn of wrong arl(i injury to societyl and for 11) thi e laws of0 soolety award a spool 11 amount of punllshehal lt It is a prinolple which rquil no deto0strltlon, tlha? l llpisdient should b he inlioted in east's wilee 1it eanoll with propr oty soetily be itvnhleld I and even whent Il s ieoets?lRy, It ought, to ,be proporlioned as nearly al peoible o the amouna d[ofuilt lit Jolved in the otltce, l?rlom thisll therefole, It iTollow, that to Infllet punhishIteit where there hi no p?I onul guilt, or in a dis portionloe dop ee wftere ihere le is ant not of it uslleo iivolv lig oruelt aimtl IhumanidyI I and, listed of dohl? good, s otlulaoIted only to le te a hared oA tIh law, attM awaken a ~symtpalt in th(e phtbllo nlad it buhall' of the utrititial tait stulirs wro?ig., lh paurly, howevor, Into whlh lthoese ien be telted, is iotll it Uppl)ettR, sLItitly opeaktlig, a tOvmrliltont Ioad. att IJ titt laottt 1i was totersom e tne employed dreilt ot Oly vernlt ltlt works, That galg, it· was avid, wn lspeciallly tappointled for the New Town distriot, they were pluaced under the direction or the proprietors and ilhabitants In that quarter, and were assigned, as it were, to them bor the general improvement of that dis. trict, accorditig to certain plans and arrange ments that wvere agreed upon and sanctioned by Government. This being the ease, it was not a flangrant infraction of the regulations and disci pline of our penal system for the overseer to per mit these three men to go, at the request of Mr. Cruikshanks, to perform some little job in his field or garden, on the evening of the 25th of March; and under such circumstances, we can not see how the. men who were ordeted to do this piece of service by the overseer, could have well refused. No doubt, hadit beenagainsttheirin clination togo, they could have refused to work after sunset; but considering that the services of the gang to which they belonged was granted to the inhabitants of New T'own for the improvement of thieir district, and that they had the full permission of their overseer, we cannot perceive wherein these men were personally guilty, or deserving of corporal punishment, for.being found in dustriously employed in the service of a respec table inhabitant,-even after the sun had set. If the men. had taken, this liberty of..their own accord, or if they had remained out of the Barracks, and had been found without permission at large, then, doubtless, if penal discipline is to be maintained, they would have merited the punishment they received, and .perhaps more. SWe do not mean to say,however, that it was not wrong in itself, and incompatible with the rules of strict and salutary penal discipline, that these men should have been allowed to. remain out at private service alter sunset: it was perhaps wrong that they should have been lent for strictly private purposes at all. But. that does not alter the nature and demerit of Major Montgomery's ad ministration; for, in this case, the men had the warrant and avowed permission of their superior anid authorized director, fur the service in which they were found engaged. If any party was to blame, it was the overseer, by whose authority they cted; and tile course which Major Mont guIeiy uuoiii e aiiave pursueu, was 10 repritnan the overseer, and promulgate it ex cathedra to the whole Establishment, that no prisoner was to remain out of ihe Barracks after sun-down on any pretext, with or without the permission of an overseer; and that if any did so in future, such an excuse would not save them from ihe infliction of the deserved punishment. In this, Major Montgomery would have been borne out both by justice and expediency; for although the convicts must at their peril obey the orders of their over seers during the appointed hours of the day, the moment the sun sets the authority of the overseer to make themn work is at an end, and all that he can make them do is to march home to the Barracks for the night. If such an order were thus promulgated, the permission of an overseer would be no protection or apology in such a case as the one before us; for the men could then refusuethe overseer, if he ordered them to wait out in private service; and if they were afterwards found so employed or otherwise at large, they wvould most assuredly be justly liable- to the punishment which the law awards. It is a pity that Major Montgomery, who, we have little doubt, acted under an impression of inflexible duty', did not select a less excusable case than the, one .hefore us, for n.,e arimple of sich infleible discipline; !4o it happens un fortunaitely that liis'case, when abstfictly con sidered, and in connexion with its merits, wears a most tyrannical appect; and, while it has ex cited a strong sympathy in the public mind on behalf of the sufferers, it has also awakened a feeling of indignandiit dlisappirobationi towards Major Montgomery, and depreciated very much the opinion of the public concernina his competeiey for the situation he holds. All, therefore, that we will say firtr rinF.this subject is, that if 'we were in the. phlace. of Major Montgomery, we would directly resign the otlice of Police Magis tratejfor Hyde Park Barracks. ..Atall events, we move, tmhat henicefortih ithe Police Cou't of that estahlisliment be patent to the reporters of the plubile Press, in. order that, we may have it in our power to exercise a vigilant surveillance over all tts future proceedings. 'Tir CoosNEL..-An immigranst whlo arrived in this' colony some short time ago, with lthe ~iew of procuring a situation in the farming line, hiavig been unsuccessful;, applied to Colonel Wilson for employ. ment in the Sydney Police, Upon presenting his certificates, the Colonel was so satisfied, that he at once appointed the man to be a -sergeant, and as= signed him the charge of the receiving watchhouse. At the end of one week, the aergetnt wished to get his certificates, fromt Colonel Wilson,' in order to show them to a gentleman 'lhointended'toprocureif possible a-situation for him in the interio'r.., After the sergeant hiad applied for them, the Colonel paid him a visit while on duty, and told him that he understood he was making a convenience of the Pp~ice. To this the sergeant 'replied, that he might remain long enough in the Police for any other prospect ihe had iut the Co!onel told him, he would take care of that. The superintendent called shortly thereafter, and told him that the Colonel would not continue hium in his present ofeice, but that he might do duty as a con stable on the streets. After consulting with his friends he declined that office; and what was his amr peise, when he called afterwards for payment of his wages for the week he had served, at being told, that he was not entitled to any pay, as he should have given' a months' warning before leaving the Police I The pay of sergeant in the Sydney police, amounts only to 3s, Sd, per day, and thatofa constable, to 2a, 10d, The sergeant in question, has a wife and three children to support; and it does not appear consistent or reasonable in the Colonel, to expedt uch a man to remain perpetually in the Sydney po. lice, and not accept of any better situation that might ofl'er itself, more worthy of his merits (for he is a deserving persoann), and more advantageous to him saelf and family. Whien speh summary warning was given on the part of the Colonel, that this man was tno lon r to hold the of?a?n of sergeant, the least thing his Worship could t10 in Common justice, when the man deoolined, as he had a right to do, the degradling alternative proposed to-him, was, to pay him for the week which hie served as a sergeant, We cannot imagine on what prinaiple of equity or com. mon decenoy, the Oolonel canjustilfy such scurvy treatmoent ltowards0 onef or dtlooenteat and most roplutlhld men he hal over had in .lie whole corps of his polino, O1mrninly this is not the way to induce suhl men to enter this departlment of publio oservice, wheore they are so muoh required, . Al n, MTrIe,,=AMr, ltrot appeared on Tuesday last, At h110 Police Gouit, at the instanoe of Henry slater, Ilnto cook of the Despiiltlh, on a laimni for wages dIe him by AMrf. tltrtt, bit which that gentle. main l?ftised to pay, t111101ot t11 30 tlhat i0 had op. plied for his warns tup to Ihio 2dnof February, whom the oltward bound ealrgo wits dislharged, but weas raltied, Ml, Ninlhol, the solilcitor, alpeared for the plnltifP, atnd Ir. Foste r, te barister, and Mr, Poole, the tlltiorey, or the defendant, Otn being estmllned by Ir,, N?ichol, the cormnplinant observeil, lllill the Yveessl sailed from London on or ilbout th1e 04Wh of' Apuil, IO10 oanod~ailved at lyduiey on lih 041Ji Of 'Augit lh i hhe some year, Ilo ilitlntud ' alonabhle Jalmphell's wharf for ahbut I wleek and thfn'lauled alougslda the aehooner Lil?rin?, whlloh wn loaded from her, but hant she did not fihish disoharga Icr her eareo until about the day named when ear. 111ill ttlesilld Ises Were taken Itahoore In the long bot. 1-He dotioned that the vessel had earned fhel hi. lie continued, that after the los? of the shilp, wtet the peophe were in the boats, fle defendant add roted them and said, they should all be paId, they should hot lose It frthlug, antd that amnlyJ subseriptious would no doubt be made lor Ithem, Witness had not been paid a farthing, but he had received three pounds frmn the subseriplimo. Witness lied applied to the defendant for payment three or four times. After considerable debate on both sides, the lpnclh were of ophnion that the complainant was entitled to wages, up to the 14th of November last, which would amount to 41, 190. 4d,, which they adjudged the defendant to pay to the plaintiff, together with 21, of costs,, ,''us QUAnWrant Snestoxs,-.Much cause of com. plaint has been occasioned this term of the Quarter Sessions by the frequent delays and postponements produced by the absence of important witnesses, and by other circumstances connected with preliminary details of the proceedingsin certain cases, and which prevented them from being ready for trial. There is frequently blame ascribable to the clerks of the Police Benches in various parts of the colony, on account of the defective and stupid manner in which the depo sitions are made out. Sometimes certiheates of sub pe?nas are not forwarded; and a variety of other circumstances conspire to create confusion when the cases should come on. There is evident need of re formation in the machinery of this department of our judicial establishment; and the consideration of the enormous expense which the present system of management occasions, in calling and dismissing juries, and keepiug theem waiting on at the cost of the public, while the public business is thus delayed and tam pered with, presents a most imperative reason why the necessary reformation should immediately be efl fected,.- - " . - \- M1xr.nvy FUNERAL,-Major Marley, late Barrack Master, Sydney, died on' Thursday last, from the effects ofia -wound which he had received years ago in the serviceof his country. It appears that a bullet had lodged in his leg, and had jast been extracted a few days before hIs death. On Thursday last his remains were accompanied with military honours to the New Burial Ground by his brother officers and the whole military.opf Sydney.. Major M. was much respected by all who knew himn, and has left anr amiable wife and family to lament his loss. POST-OFFICE -The daily delivery of letters in the suburban districts of Sydney has, we understand, been commenced. It is effected by',a, postman. onm horseback, and cannot fail to be felt as. a great ada vantage to the inhabitants of those places to which it; extends. .. PROTESTANT AsSocrATrON.-In our last we gave an article from amm of our contribtutors, suggesting litg IUiallaul U it I I rIe1tLitoL t1saUUIeLsUb. I eAu 101. lowing paragraph in reference to the same subject. we extract from a sensible letter in yester(ay's Herald:-' a'The ministers of other denominations have beer anxiously expecting the Bishop and his Clergy to take the lead in opposing Popery, by sermons from their pulpits, or public lectures in other places,- and were disposed to render all the assistance in their power. But it appears evident, that the spirit which actuated the worthies of the Reformation, and which now actuates M'Ghee, Sullivan, and other Protes. tant worthies in Ireland, does not rest on our Colonial Clergy; and the' task ofjexposing the deformity of the whore of Babylon, and standing in the breach against the overwhelmings of superstition, Popish idolatry, and iniquity, must devolve on others. It is sin. cerely hoped, that those who are appointed watchmen in Israel, (though not especially appointed) will not much longer allow the reproach to remain on the Protestaut Church, that they saw the spread of error, and restrained it not. I am convinced that greater evils result from want of Christian charity and united exertion on the part of Protestants, than from want of church accommodation,' APPOINTMFT5rs -L. V. Dalhunty, of Wellington' Valley, John Lambie, of Braidwuod, and George James, M'JDonald, of Sydney, Esqrs. have been added by his Excellency, to the list of Magistrates of the territory. FiVE DocK FARM.-- Mfr. Hebblewhite will bring to the hammer, to-day, the allotmenits of Five Dock farm, when they will be sold without reserve, and with liberal credit. The progressive value of this land is almost incalculable, and affords a favourable iovestment for capital. SHEEP.-It is a gratifying fact, but one which we are enabled to state on good authority, that the sudden change in the state of the weather, with the prospects that now exist of plentiful pasture iehs had the effect of raising sheep very considerably in value; and it is expected that the prices of good sheep will very soon be up to some twenty or twenty-five per cent above what they have lately been under the depression of the drought. MR. SCOULER, SURGEON,.-This gentleman .an= nounces in our advertising columns of to-day, that he has opened a medical eitablishmenti, and resumed the practice of his profession, in the 'premises lately occu. pied by DI r. David Dole, Chemi t, King-'treet. We are personally acquainted with Mr. Scouler, intl can bear testimony to his character as a gentleman; and, from a knowledge of his connexion with some of the best medical institutions in Scotland, and of his ex perience and reputation as a pupilofsome of the most eminent physicians in the medical schools of Glasgow, we can also confidently recommend iMr.S. as an able operator, and a safe and judlicious medical attendant. 1Ir. S. has commenced business on a promising and respectable footrig. 'His establishment is ainply sup plied with all the most- appioved appliances of the profession; his stock consists of: fresh, and re en:ly. imported medicines; and,Pwith these advantages, we have not the slightest doubt that his nmetifs as a prac titioner will very soon be appreciated by the public, and secure to, him.the successhlie deserves. As an ocuhst we venture to say. ,that Mr. S. has not a superior in skill and experience.in.this colony. THE SEAIEN OF THE ,UQTLE.--hTle Attorney-Ge-. neral has given it as his opinion that the offence wilth which three of the sailorsof the Argyle weree charged, was not of such a nature as to afford sufficient ground for an indictment. The men had been detained in cus tody until Mr. Plunket's. op nion should: be given ; and when his answer was received they. were of course discharged. Something more.deciive than this must be done to put a stop to the system of.insubordina-. lion and desertion which prevails among the seamed of this port .. .. ArPoirrNTR3ENT,- r. Barrow, formerly. Colonial Storekeeper, has been appointed to'the" ofice of P0o lice Magistrate at Wellington Valley;'ii the room of _Mr. Gisborne, Who has beei recently appointed Com: missioner of Crown Lands. ' . WINDSOR AND BATHURST NEW ROAD.-A General Meeting' of the subscribers to, and supporters of, the intended new line of, road; leading from Windsor and Richmond through the Kurrijong,' by Mount'Tomah, to the .Bathurst, Mudgee,' and' Wellington Valley districts, will be' held at the Court House, Windsor, on Thursday the 2nd day of May next, at eleven .o'clock, in the forenoon;. when. all parties interested .in the above road are particularly requested to attend, when a. call will be.made on the subscribers for half their subscriptions; the Governor having most hand. somely consented to forward the. undertaking by the loan of twenty-five assigned servants. . THE MURRAY BLACKS.- The following intelligence is contained in a letter from the Murray, dated April 16, which appeared in The Herald of yesterday: - " During the last few days, we have had some re- freshing showers in this neighbourhood, which were much wanted, in order to stop the dreadful and alarm- ing bush fires occasioned by a number of strange "poor blacks," who have made their appearance here, and have with impunity set fire to the bush for many miles round. Three of them are armed with muskets, and have plenty of ammunition and money, besides about twenty dogs, which they ?ai?ed not to dog our cattle and sheep with ; the former, to a head left the run, and my stockman has rode three horses nearly to death, to bring them back, but now there are about fifty missing ; upon remonstrating with the "black cannibals" on their very improper conduct, they answered, that I had too much b----y gammon. I would ask, what are our protector gentlemen about, and the Bishop of Australia with his Church Mission- ary friends? It appears, that these black marauders are to have full liberty from the authorities, to trespass on a man's farm, and dog his cattle and sheep into the gullies, to answer their own diabolical purposes; while white men professing the Christian religion, who live aud hope to'die ,in.the.faith delivered to the Saints, contained in the Holy Scriptures, are afraid to speak or protect their own property, lest Jack Kech should be waiting for his fee." VAN DIEMEN'S LA1nD -W?e. have received Hobari Town papers to the 5th, and .Launceston, to the 9th of the present month. By thle.former we learn, that "Theilobart Town Courier, had, changed its politics, and become a Badical .pript. The Queen had been gracioiusly pleased to confer the honour of knighthood on Chief Justice Pedder. The .Review states, that the lastintelligence from England was thighly favour ',able to the success of Captiin Moconochie's pro. posals for the improvement of the Transportation S?ystem. For the information of our commercial 'readers, we subjoin the latest markets: HosnAT TOWN' MARKETS?.--April 4.-Wheat and and hav have advanced itn prices since th'e last qtiota. tion, good samples of wheat are readily purchased at' 12s, per bushel; fine flour 321.,seconds300: per ton; -pressed hay 81. per ton; bran Is. 9d.; per .bushel, pollard 12s. per cwt.,sharps 14s. per ditto. Beef 5d. to 8,, motton 4d. to Sd. per .lb., or by the carcass 4 &d.;, lamb 3s. to 4s. per quarter, pork-7d. to 8d., real 8d, to 10d. per lb. . ":' " . LAUNCESTON PaRsC CuRRENT.-The following prices are extracted from The Launceaton Journal of the 8th of April.-- - ' Butter (Irish), per lb,,.2s.; .Ditto fresh (colonial), per lb., 3s.; Beef, per. lb., 6d. ;. Ditto :per.carcase, S5d.; Barley, per bushel,5s..6d.;.Candles (English wax),, per lb., 6a. 3d.; Ditto, spermacetti, per lb., 3s.; Ditto moulds (colonial), per lb., 10d.; Cheese (English), per lb., 2s. 6d. Ditto(Sydney), ls. 6d.; Ditto (Van Diemen's Land),.perlb. ; s. l 6d.; Cof fee,per lb. ls.; Coals, Port Arthur, per ton, l11. 15s.; Flour, first quality, per '1)Q1bs., 10s.; Ditto, second ditto, 11. 8s.; Ditt'o, third I dtto, i.is.; Hams (Yorkshire), per lb., ls. '3d. 'Hliis (Kent), per lb. 2s. 6d ; Maize, per bushel, 8s.; 1Mutton,per Ib., 4d.; Ditto, per carcase, 4d.:,; Oats, per bishel, 4s. 9d.; Oil, sperm, per tun, 751.;" Ditto, per gallon, 9s.; Pitch; Stockholm, per biaifidr,',21.I0s.; Porter,.Tay lor's, per blhhd., 71.; Pork '(Itish),'per barrel, 61.; Ditto, per lb., 8d.; Rice, Patna, per bag, 21. 5s.; Ditto, Java, ditto, 21. 5s:s' Sugar, Maurititts, per ton,281.; Ditto, per bag, ;'per lb., 4d.; refined loaf ditto, per lb., ls.; Tea, 'hyson skip, per chest, 71.; Ditto, per lb , s 6d.; Tobacco, negrohead, per Ib. (in bond) 2s.; Veal, per lb., 8d.; Wool, per lb., Is. 2d.; Whalebone, per ton, 901.; Wheat, per bushel, 12s.: ' 