MOUNT WINGEN. [CONTINUED FROM WEDNESDAY'S PAPER.] If the view now to be taken of this Australian mount of fire, include the proof, that to COAL BEDS, accidentally ignited, the whole phenomenon is to be reterred, whatever interest belongs to sulphur and ammonia-as applicable to the "cure of scab in sheep" or any other disease, in the shepherd, will not be diminished, and a new source of interest e created ; but there is no merit due to the discovery, for it has only .required observation. Before the proof is attempted, it may be mentioned, that such a phe- nomenon as that of Wingen is not very rare. A large tract of country in Staf- fordshire has long been on fire, and travellers by night passing near Wed nesbury, could not fail, if awake, to see the surface of the earth steaming and blazing from the burning coal, where by day, as in the case of Wingen, there are only smoke wreaths and steam to indicate the combustion. Nor in Australia is evidence wanting. Not far from Red Head, south of Newcastle, there are two places in the cliffs, where combustion has gone on, in one case, within fifteen years from this present time, and the traces of that fire are still evident in the natural brick containing burnt impressions of coal plants, and in other indications of the action of heat. In a country like this, where bushfires prevail, a fallen tree in flames might be sufficient to ignite a bed of coal or bituminous shale, and once ignited, such a bed would con- tinue to burn, if in such a position that the air could have free access to it. The Mount Wingen range is a branch of the mountains dividing the Page River from Kingdon Ponds, and this range is connected with the volcanic barrier be= tween it and the interior,'called the Liverpool Range. The Wingen Rocks consist of por- phyry, underlying an extensive series of coal beds, consisting of conglomerate, shale, sandstone, coal and lignite, which latter are naturally sulphurous. These rocks have been dislocated and upset, and altered at the planes of contact by an ex- traordinary outburst of basaltic and other volcanic rocks, identical with those which are so well developed at Kiama, on the coast of the Illawarra. The upper beds of the sedimentary rocks thus broken into and and thrown over, are pudding stone, charged with spirifers, pleurotomariœ, and other fossils common at Wollongong, Anvil Creek, and Raymond Terrace. The lower beds are those of the coal. Accordingly, whilst the coal beds lie in contact with the lower part of the in- trusive rocks, the crests of these latter are crowned with out-lying fragments of the conglomerate, or pudding-stone, which may be seen dipping air round from the volcanic cones. On the summit of Mount Wingen, this conglomerate lies on the volcanic rock, to the east of the burning part, but the immediate contact is made by altered, or metamorphic beds—the re- sult of the volcanic heat. This con- glomerate, which occasionally is bare of pebbles, is what Mr. Wilton calls 'com- pact sandstone.' He says, that he him- self found, within a few yards of the fire, "the cast of a bivalvular fossil shell in sandstone— a species of terebratula." It was a spirifer. At the northern end of the range, the action of the elevating forces connected with the volcanic outburst, has produced one of the most remarkable rents or faults across the end of one of the moun- tain spurs, ever seen. A solid wall, fourteen or fifteen feet high, is presented to the eye; the beds of conglomerate, charged with fossils, dipping 14 ° to the N. ; and below the surface the rent presents a deep cavernous opening. The volcanic rock has heaved up the whole mass away from this fault, towards S. E. ; and as is usual in such cases, the ends of the upcast have fallen into the fissure. On descending from the eastern escarp- ment of this upheaved mass, in the bed of the creek below it, the volcanic rock appears, bearing upon it the hardened and baked portions of the coal series with which it is in contact. This spot bears N. E. from the burning mountain, and E.S.E.from Mount Murula; the inquisitive traveller may, therefore, readily find it. Now, the effects mentioned are all that the actual volcanic fire has done ; and with respect to the coal beds at the back of the burning mountain, similar effects have ensued. The shale has been hardened, and is somewhat brittle; it is well de- scribed by Sir Thomas Mitchell as mottled, and this description enables one to recognise the same series of coal beds some miles away, upon the banks of the Page River, where they are forced up through the conglomerate by a ferru- ginous trappean rock. ( To be continued.) 