SELECT POETRY. [The following parody upon the pastoral poetry of the last century is from the South Australian Register. It is exceedingly well written, al- though there are two lines that would have been much better omitted. Coarseness should always be avoided: it has no affinity with true humour.] NUMSKULTA AND RUMTULTA, AN EBONIAN ECLOGUE. Scene--The head of Spencer's Gulf. NUMSKULTA. Good day, Rumtulta! while this hot wind blows, 'Neath shady mangroves let us cool our toes. The cracking bush-fire sweeps along this way, And we have grub sufficient for to-day. Within some thirty miles, there is a well As big, or bigger, than a limpet- shell. Let's start! 'tis done as easily as said: The scrub is scarcely higher than your head. RUMTULTA. Agreed! Take you the spears, the clubs, and waddies: I'll bear the possums, and the other bodies. NUMSKULTA. We should be there--I smell the water near; And lo! the branch you hid it with is here. Lick off the scum, and first your thirst assuage. It has the tint and mellow smack of age! RUMTULTA. Go, make the grass-tree yield thee fire--we'll dine; The task to grill the frizzing game be mine. NUMSKULTA. And, while one savoury fume another chases, I will collect ripe berries and "pig-faces." RUMTULTA. My appetite declines; however nice, I find twelve wombats for a meal suffice. NUMSKULTA. And so does mine; a joey kangaroo Makes me a meal--a boomer serves for two. RUMTULTA. Age cannot be the cause; 'tis then a question, If it be love, or on impaired digestion? NUMSKULTA. 'Tis love, dear Rumta--love beyond degree, That drains life's springs in thee and hapless me! RUMTULTA. My Numska, let us in alternate verse The merits of our mistresses rehearse! NUMSKULTA. Agreed--beneath this broad and arching tree.-- Here comes Spoongulta; he shall umpire be. SPOONGULTA. Just as you please. But I am worn with toil, So let me first these reeking paunches broil. NUMSKULTA. On the result this war-spear I will stake; (Seven days the long destoyer cost to make)-- Those waddies, and these Emu- feathers, too; Broad shells, and plenty teeth of kangaroo. RUMTULTA. These skins I stake, that Emu-oil beside (Cure of all ills that fighting-men betide)-- This netted scrip, that heap of colours see, For courtship, war, mourning, corrobboree. NUMSKULTA. All's settled, then; Rumtulta, I shall win! SPOONGULTA. There's plenty-too-much gammon. Come, begin! RUMTULTA. My love is lustrous as the summer night; Her eyes as summer's largest stars are bright! When the black snake his wavy form extends, He mocks the grace with which her figure bends. NUMSKULTA. The dusky swan, upon the rippling tide, Less beauteous is than my all-perfect bride. Her voice combines of all sweet birds the sounds; Swift as the emu o'er the plain she bounds. RUMTULTA. My Quizby's teeth are as Spring-mushrooms white. NUMSKULTA. Pusskattia's broad nose is my heart's delight. RUMTULTA. When painted newly, at full moon, agree Our tribes to mingle in corrobboree, My eyes with Quizby's in the circle meet, My heart and hand with her's responsive beat; Our lips together move; she marks each tone Of mine--a deeper echo of her own! NUMSKULTA. When Winter lowers, and chilling showers descend, And howling winds the trembling wurlies rend, And skins, close-wrapp'd around Pusskattia's hide More beauties than the world contains beside, 'Tis mine to make the crackling flames arise, And wave the smoke-wreaths from her smart- ing eyes. RUMTULTA. When to my hungry Quizby, pleased I take Half-raw guans, or half-eaten snake, Or cram her mouth with maggots from the wood (While from each corner luscious drops exude), In her fond looks I read my happy fate, For with such looks the pigeon greets her mate. NUMSKULTA. The ridges on my Pusskat's chest, to me Are beautiful as wavelets of the sea, Yet scar, grease, paint, add not one beauty more To that lithe form on which for hours I pore; And while my fingers comb her matted hair (Removing aught that should not harbour there) Her glance is soft as moonbeams, when they fall On yellow wattles, or the grass-tree tall. RUMTULTA. When last my spear from the tough womerang flew, 'Twas thought of Quizby sent it whizzing true. NUMSKULTA. When last the waddy made my thick skull smoke, Thoughts of Pusskattia made it bear the stroke. RUMTULTA. Own, Numska, that my claim surpasses thine; That, happy thou, yet happier fate is mine. NUMSKULTA. Spoongulta, own, than him I am more blest, And hand me here the colours and the rest! SPOONGULTA. Go, boobies both, and waddy each his dear, Then, senseless, bring the maids, your lubras here. Warriors in name, but whining boys in fact, Leave girls to sigh and whine: men should act! You'll be less sentimental when, like me, You've waddy-wedded lubras five times three, And count, around your wurley's spacious door, For every lubra, piccaninnies four! TIMOTHEUS. 