MAITLAND. {From the Muitlahd Mercury, May 8.) Commercial and Maukbts. Trade has been moderate in town this week. There has been less wheat brought in than usual, and prices have been lower, tbe quality having been indifferent ; 2s. 6d. to 2s. 10J. has been given, and in one instance a quantity was obtained for 2s. 3d. Maize is plentiful, and the price as lost week, 8d°. to lOd. being given for maize in uob, lOd. to Is. thrashed; retail it sells higher. Barley continues dull 4n sale, except the very best English for malting, which is worth 2s. 6d. to 3s. Lucerne, soed is in domaud, and scarce; 2s. por lb. is the retail prioa. There have been several sales ot fat cattle ; 07 hoad were bought at £1 2s.; 100 head realised from £2 to jB2 10a., averaging £1 Os. or £2 7s. ; and above 100 head of another lot were bought for boiling down at £2 5s. Od. Poultry remain nearly tbe same. Tho whole sale prices are nearly as follows: duoks Is. 0d., fowls Is., turkeys 3s. 6d., and geese 3s. Gd. per couple; eggs are now 8d. per dozen whole sale. t Dairy pro.luoo remains also at the same figures. . Derwent potatoes are. soiling freely at 6s. per owt., other potatoes 4s. Od. to 5s.; pumpkins bring from Gd. to Is. per dozen, andoccasionally more when fine ;; marrows, ! cabbages, and onions, unaltered, although the latter are getting more scarce In fruits, mellons are disappearing, and what are left are indifferent ; oranges are coming in more freely, and realise wholesale Od. to Is. per dozen ; quinces and peaoheB are poor and not plentiful. Pjuoes or Floor at tub Mills. — Nicholson's Mill :— First, 12s. per 100 lbs. ; Seconds, 10s. ditto; Ration, 8s. ditto. Portus' Mill:— First, 11b. per 100 lbs.; Seconds, 0s. ditto. Smith's Mill: —First, 10s. por 100 lbs.; Seconds, 8s. ditto} Ration, 7s. ditto. Export or Wool and Tallow. ? The follow ing is a statement of the quantity of wool and tallow shinpod from Morpath by the steamers, from the 1st to the 6th May: —Per Thistle, 84 'bales wool j 18J tons tallow. In additon to tho to tho above, 19 casks tallow wore sent from some other part of the Hunter. CiiAnan or MunDKii. — On Sunday last, two men, named John Ryan and John Donahoe, in the employ of Mr. Dawson, were at Black Crook the greutor part of tho duy, Donahoo, in partinulur, having drank a good deal. About nine o'clock, Mr. Lloyd, of the Bush Inn, sup plied Ryan and a man named John Grudy with a bottlo of rum. Botwoen Grady and Donahoo, who had been long acquainted, it apnoars a grudge hnd urlnon not long slnoo, from Donuhou having aullod Mrs. Grady names. At this time Donahoe was in bed at Mr. Lloyd's, Mr. L. having with much dlftluutty persuaded him to lie down. About ten, however, he got up, and insisted on having his mare and saddle .Ha then left, riding1 the mare. Some time after he called aguin, and wanted more drink, but Mr. Lloyd refused. He then turned away, as if to go across the creek homewards, leading the mare. Near tbe creek side stands tbe hut of a man named Michael O'Brien, past which Dona hoe was seen to go soon after, towards the creek. Grady, whose hut is not far off, on the other side of the creek, had also passed by O'Brien's hut about hulf an hour before, on his* way homewards, parting with ltyan at « »'Brien'» hut, into which Ryan went and romained for two hours. Mrs. ? O'Brinn, her daughter, and Ryan, all saw or heard Donahoe go by. the hut, and shortly after Mr*. O'Brien heard. angry cries from the creek. She called her husband out, who also heard them, and Ryan also heard an angry exclamation from the creek. About two hours aiftei- Ryan called at Grady's, on his way home, and asked Grady where his mate was, to which he received no answer. ? The next morning Ryan again called early at Grady 'a, and found Donahoe lying in some straw outside, and having iu vain tried to induco him to rise, Ryan threw a rug over him and left. Some time after he culled again, and finding him still lying there, he called .Grady, and they together got Donahoe into Grady's hut, and laid him on a sofa. Donahoo appeared, much hurt, but said it- was his own fault. ,. Continuing very ill, Donahoe sent for Mr. Dawson the next day, but made no distinct stutemont as to how lie was injured, further than, that he fell frpra his innro. As he did not appear ?seriously ill, Mr. Dawson did not anticipate that the injury would prove fatal so soon, but sent for Dr. Glennie. The deceased lingered, however, till Wednesday evening, when ho expired. Ryan and Mr. Daw aon'a overseer were with him when ho died, und had been so for some hours. Grady has been ap prehended on a charge of murdor, and several depositions have been taken, but as the examina tion is still going on, wo abstain from giving full particulars. . JERRY'S PLAINS.— Max 0. The woathcr is still dry, ami slight frosts hnve set in, so as to preclude the hope of an autuinn g row th of grass this season. The pnsturage, plentiful as it is, will consequently be subject to complete destruction by fire. Great care should be taken against the contact of this destructive element, which, otherwise, will be sure to devour the winter resources of our cattle, aud leave us in a worse condition than that of last year. The kindling of a single bush-fire a month henoe will spread destruction far nnd wide. It is to be hoped, therefore*, that precautions will bo taken against so great an ovil during the first months of winter, und until tho gradual thinning of tho grass shall leave ihe. danger of an extensive firing less imminent and certain. . . DUNGOG— Mat .3.' Markets. — The maizo crop this season U abundant ; maize can now.be purchased here lit lOd. per bushel. Beef ia lid. per lb.; muttou 2d Wheat.- — There are three thrashing machines at work in this district thrashing our wheat, so that in a bhort time all will be fit for market. Wheat sowing will be vory lute this senson', from the great quantity ot grass on the ground. ' We have had no frost yet sharp enough to check its growth. : SINGLETON ? Mat. 7. Thk WsATnBR.— We are having a continu ance of dry weather. Early of a morning frost pays us a temporary visit, but no appearance of rain. Tho furoiors have, however, commnnccd ploughing for- wheat although they find tha ground very hard and difficult to be turned up. Thr Markets ? We have had a few loads of wheat from the Paterson, which were imme diately purchased, the prices varying from £? 3d. to 3d. 0d., the former being, a very ? pinched sample. , ? Tim Di3Triot Council.. — The election of District Councillors, as appointed by me charter, took place in the court house on Tuesday last. The retiring members were Messrs. John Browne and Henry Dangnr. After a little speechifying from the very limited number of electors present, Mr. Brown was re-olectod, and Mr. John Lar naoh, of Rnsemount, returned in lieu of Mr. Dangar. , The ntfuir was decidedly one of the tamest we have hud — only six or seven of the electors being presont. Thus has tho ' District Council Election' farce for tbe third time been enacted — sic transit gloria mundi et Qossipi. Thr Racks. — Several horses are in training for the forthcoming races, and at a vory early hour each day several of them are to be seen on the course. A ruoo meeting^ is to be held at Mr. Lumley's, the Horse and . Jockey, on Monday evening next, at seven o'clock, when we hope to see a strong muster of our sporting friends, as there is business of importance for discussion. 