Hunter River District News. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.] JERRY'S PLAINS. The weather is still dry, and slight frosts have set in, so as to preclude the hope of an autumn-growth of grass this season. The pasturage, plentiful as it is, will consequently be subject to complete destruction by fire. Great care should be taken against the contact of this destructive element, which, otherwise, will he sure to devour the winter resources of our cattle, and leave us in a worse condition than that of last year. The kindling of a single bush-fire a month hence will spread destruction far and wide. It is to be hoped, therefore, that precautions will be taken against so great an evil during the first months of winter, and until the gradual thinning of the grass shall leave the danger of an extensive firing less imminent and certain. May 6th, 1847. DUNGOG. Surveying Roads.-On Tuesday evening last Mr. Surveyor White pitched his tents in our township. He commences this day to run the tracings of the town, which have been much defaced, the pins having been chiefly destroyed. From this place I under- stand Mr.White proceeds to the junction of the Chichester and the William, to make out a line of road from thence to Clarence Town. It is confidently reported that we shall now get a proper road, and that Mr. White will save us the labour of going round the estates of the large settlers, which we are obliged to do at present. Mr. White is accompanied by his son and a party of free men. Markets.-The maize crop this season is abundant; maize can now be purchased here at 10d. per bushel. Beef is l$d. per lb.; mutton 2d. . Boiling Down Establishment.-Messrs. Hook are making preparations for a boiling I down establishment. When it is in operation I they purpose selling beef, not fit for steam- ing, at 1/2d. per lb. Wheat.-There are three thrashing ma- chines at work in this district thrashing our wheat, so that in a short time all will be fit for market. Wheat sowing will be very late this season, from the great quantity of grass on the ground. We have had no frost yet sharp enough to check its growth. May 3, 1847. SINGLETON. The Weather.-We are having a con- tinuance of dry weather. Early of a morn- ing frost pays us a temporary visit, but no appearance of rain. The farmers have, how- ever, commenced ploughing for wheat, al- though they find the ground very hard and difficult to be turned up. The Markets.-We have had a few loads of wheat from the Paterson, which were im- mediately purchased, the prices varying from 3s. 3d. to 3s. 9d., the former being a very pinched sample. The District Council.-The election of District Councillors-, as appointed by the charter, took place in the court house on Tuesday last. The retiring members were Messrs. John Browne and Henry Dangar. After a little speechifying from the very limited number of electers present, Mr. Browne was re-elected, and Mr. John Lar- nach, of Rosemount, returned in lieu of Mr. Dangar. The affair was decidedly one of the tamest we have had-only six or seven of the electors being present. Thus has the "District Council Election" farce for the third time been enacted-sic transit gloria mundi et Gippsi. The Theatre.-The Royal Albert was open to the public on Tuesday evening last, being for the benefit of Mr. Belfield. Of the first piece, " William Tell," we can with truth say that it was altogether excessively well performed. Mrs. Arabin, as Emma, sustained her part so admirably, that she drew down the repeated plaudits of the audience. After the play, she sang " Buy a Broom," in character, and received a rap- turous encore. Mr. Belfield also was encored in his Irish comic song. In " Bachelors' Buttons" Mrs. Arabin was "quite the thing." She went through her four arduous characters in a highly creditable manner, and has made herself a great favourite at Singleton. We must give Mr. Belfield some credit for the manner in which he exerts himself for the amusement of the public, as he seems determined not to leave a stone unturned to cater for the comfort and con- venience of the audience. We were almost forgetting to add that the boxes have been greatly improved, so that all parties can now have a good view of the stage. The house is also lit up in a much better manner than formerly. The pieces fixed for Tuesday next are the " Maid of Genoa," garnished with songs and "terrific broad sword combats;" the Dumb Girl by Mrs. Arabin. To con- clude with " Is She a Woman ?" The Races -Several horses are in training for the forthcoming races, and at a very early hour each day several of them are to be seen on the course. A race meeting is to bo held at Mr. Lumley's, the Florae and Jockey, on Monday evening next, at seven o'clock, when we hope to see a strong muster of our sporting friends, as there is business of importance for discussion. May 7th, 1847. MURRURUNDI. Police Court.-On Tuesday last Henry Bishop Butler, publican, of Murrurundi, ap- peared before the bench to answer a charge of selling after hours. Prior to the case being gone into, the defendant objected to the evi- dence of constable Dowling being taken, on the ground that he had lately committed perjury in a case at Scone; the bench, how- ever, decided to hear the evidence, and re- serve the point till the Scone depositions were before them. William Dowling then deposed that on the evening of the 30th March he was in the house of Mr. Buller twice-once about nine o'clock for an hour, when the chief constable and himself drank some liquor, and the second time by himself; when he went in the second time be found four men drinking, and saw a man named Sullivan pay Mr. Butler in paper money ; the four men were inhabitants of the town. In cross examination the witness swore he drank no- thing the second time, and that Mrs. Buller did not desire him to clear the house. James Davi-, or Sullivan, deposed that he paid Mr. Butler no money that evening, a man named Wilson having called for supper for four, and treated witness and two others ; a row after- wards being commenced by the constable and a man named Carmedy. For the defence, William Webeck deposed that he was one of the three men treated by Wilson, and he paid for nothing himself, Wilson paying for all; previous to Dowling and the chief con- stable leaving together, the chief constable told Mrs. Butler it was all right, as they were lodgers; when Dowling came in the second time Mrs. Butler told him she wanted the bar cleared, but he replied, oh never mind, give them a back room if they want a spree ; Dowling drank two glasses on this second occasion. Mrs. Fairburn deposed that she was present; when Dowling came in the second time he said, " sit down, lads," on which Mrs. Buller said it was time to go to bed, not to sit down ; he replied, could they not have a back room ; witness did not see Dowling drink at this visit. In cross-exami- nation this witness deposed that she was singing in the house that evening, and should have been in her own house but for the chief constable. The case was dismissed. April 30, 1847. 