fo tts Editor of the Port Phillip Gazette. TttO »t " BffSU aKETnilKa." Fot L— TERRY CONNOR'S POLITICS. In — Since- my arrival here, among the mountain tangos of Port/ffiBUip, I deter mined te. employ.. some, of my ft- solitary sours in mairuig notes of any incidents or opinions of others, that I should conceive to. to' worthy of recbrding. Probably, 1 Bball be considered, ' by some, over-minute, in touching the lights and shades of some of my little "Sketches ; but it is "by minuteness of attendee to men and. thugs, that their tree characters are to bo estimated. Others, again, may be Inclined to torn up their noses at the expressions of unsophisticated nature, and utter a contemptuous bah 1 nonsense I ' Anticipating the hypercritical sagacity of these lickerish gentry, I shall, withal, follow my own bent; in prmerence to bring led by the hose to thc hne?t tassey of words, or fendom. I am not rtepolisibfe for the opinions of others ; find 1 shall write them down, ns closely to the original diction as circumstances shallpormit — of prelude this is quantum sujficit. ' It was a night to be remembered the tnow-fall during the day had been tfamk and continuous ; towards night tho wind rose to a tempest. Thejroar ot the swollen creeks the crafii offalling trees and huge brandies, by thc superincumbent weight of the snow and tho mighty wind, gaveafearftilideaof an Australian bush tempest. We were fitting round our bush-fire, that is, or was, about a-holf ton weight of timber blazing away, as if it bad been intended to promote the speedy clearing of tho wilderness ; or, to measure the quantum of beat within doors in a corresponding ratio with the in tensity of the oold without. This is truly a terrible night, said'one, if any one has tho misfortune of bring out among the ranges tomght-Ut is next to impossible he can survive It. And, no doubt, there arc, said another, many a traveller and stockman out this very night ; and the Ksfim of it is, that (be veiy trees .afford neither shelter, nor security on such a night— the open plains art thb best choice. Hie barking of the dogs now intimated that seine one approached and, shortly liter, a knock at the door claimed our atten tion. It was opened— shelter for tho night wis asked- in a voice that I thought Ibad beard before; so, scrutinizing the stranger who was in a truly miserable plight, I re cognized py old, honest frieud— Terry Connor. . .. V|. Having ordered some warm refreshments Tor poor Terry, which ho.seemed to enjoy, I began to draw him out a little. Your namo te Conner, if 1 mistake not, I said, faix, an' tour very right in that, he replied, my fame's notfaltiiered any how, an' 1 wish I could say aa much for the owner of it ; but 1 think I know - you, 8b> if mymemoryls not daeatafol. — it V a long timte rince'we motj agrah. Yes, Terry, some years hare dipped over we rinco I n# you hat ; I hope they hare passed to your OMnfort. . . .. Is it comfort you say, thin f Area, musha, that's tho oouid comfort to be gottin' every year,' a year ouldher, an' a year for- flow utiiijtTJn-y f Havo you been faring ground in your pursuits I I thought you very industrloda. Ibn a' hard woridn' man; Sir, aslavo out Of bondage. % I thought that if I got a few acres ov ground, an' a few bastes ov my ewn, I'd bo a atop nearer to independence, faut it 'a a dear bdught bargain when a man bays h at the price of his health an' con stitution. lit gottin ould, Sir, an I'm waarin'dovvnfast. You are not ao old, Terry, and 1 think you wear viry wolL Haitb, you're right enough there ; the tare an' ware goes on rather too well, an nittie benefit for the outlay.'. Ah We cannot always command prosperity, XTerry ; but honest industry commands a (higher rpward— 4he oonsriousuess.of having (done the best that circumstances allowed. - j Very three, Sir; very three; but it 'a mighty hard when a peer man uaos all his manes to make a Jivm for his family, on' is kept down by the very policy that pinches so mich about encouragement and happiness. How so, Terry f What policy? Arm shure, Sir, you can't be at any loss in know - that bad policy has nearly onother'd (his .counthry entirely. . Were his fine province (as I'm sorry to call it,) sdy left to enjoy tho benefits ov its own Wources, nothin' in the worl' could bate it or poor or rich ; but a. crow ov thievin' typacrites, worse thattoTcomn-ell himself, nines away thc projluoffiiftthe poor man's abour, an' the'ndh'nriFil prosperity, wid dxmtas mudrmorpl right to it as the Pasha of Aigipt hos to -the mountains of Kerry. Ould Niok fly away wid tfaebaff o' them 1 But, Terry, this grievance will bo remo ved by Separation, and we should not abuso men tor acting in cmffinnity wjth Mgfaer |o Fders. - Mfefieparrttei; . Aye, nyf—it 's becomin' a rBry subject," it 's a mighty tadious one, any Iflw. V it 'aa'tiiiiig gfoufidedon commbn Xitice, why not jleoide quit at once 7 Give jSe people their poritivo riglits, an' lot tho see weVenotigovernVr by lould women Ibdhlteitsliow under the contideration I the Home Government,' and.we must be : ' Aye, ave, thatWthc lopg vrinded epnridher- wo. Two yean ago they ban to eon- dher about it, ma in two years ntare may e they 11 begip.eain, . Why it didn't take lea a quarthmr oV -the time to deride upon luDffhenn' ould Tara Quang ov whole oiilioas or money, bekase be diaeouraged brir "duty opium. . But it's mighty curious pfrdy how soon some governments can wride a' balanoe ov policy; wheh their own dvantuea aw in ono of tho scales ; an' tow mighty tadions they are when tho in- iwmta ov the people omy ore censarned. geddherttiwy'-nuaha an' patience too ! Waft: wid patienoe, eessho, an' you'll catoh, "tolcpmchanu... -Ip UisaLcpnoMMn,Terry t Why thin, did you uiver hear or the Le- pnri«un'fT- It 's a strange outlandish srathur' thatsoeaetimei appears to people' at tote, ft has the power ov girln all sorts er things money, houses, lands, just by ayin'the word. But thin, it 's a bunder to one if ever you catrii it at all, at all ; an if youdo.an'you don't follow its directions, m" wait wid patience, it 's all over widyou lute the Ctir of Athy. Now, it 'a my opinion —————— the same character ; an' might bo called Leprachann Governments. Ha, hal that isanewtenn far national administrations. ' New or ould, 6ir, there's soiffe thrath in it There's. a mockery of hopes 'far both, that makes them conjaniri. A few hundcr tunbellies, after aitin their fine dinners, an' dbrinkin' their rich wines, lvalk down to the hemes, .an' take into,oonsidheration the dis tress and starvation of Irelan' — faugli 1 -Be my soul, if they were for three days livin on raw cabbage laves an' wather, they'd be bctther qualified to conridher about hunger an' distfaress ; but there's a long day comin' when thopoorestBuffcrerinlrelun' ill stand check by jowl wid the bloated Leprachauns ; an a small trifle ov conridheration it 'ill take to decide between them— then they'll bo a separation to a sartenty ; Ould Nick 'ill get his own that day.— Nabocklith.- But you should, not confound the govern ment with the representation, Terry. A speedy consumption to the whole of them, when they won't do their duty to the people ! Area, wliat is it to me by what mamos they go ? — representatives or minis- thers, dunderheads or leprachauns, so long as they make ono common drag-chain on honest industhry. Do you think Uiat there's a human life that perishes, or an orphan that .weeps, by oppression on misrule, but the tears an' the blood will rise up to Heaven in judgment against the bad men who inflicted their bad policy on suffering humanity. But you must reflect, Terry, that national calamities are hot so easily relieved, minis ters cannot forget their duty te the State in exercising the benovolcece that private men extend at their own will and pleasure. Their duty to the State, Sir, ought to bo tho exercise of the best on', wisest measures for the happiness of the people; an' he's the best statesman by whose principles an, power the greatest degree of happiness an' liberty as given to the counthry. A minister's benevolence' is liko the lepre chaun again, mighty hard to hatch ; an' when you think you find it, it proves not worth the lookin' afthey. \- 1 don't understand you there, Terry. 'Area, don't you then ? Why then, I'll take ope instance out of a thousan'. There's the " Board ov Works" at home ; tho benevo lence ov the government planned this board for givin' employment to starvin cra- thurs ; well, the wages paid for the labour of these poor crathnrs just enables them to procure raw cabbage laves for sub sistence. 1 con shew it to you, Sir, in a moment ; there it is— in a Cork newspaper, collod : the Constitution. Musha, God help the man that's supported by raw cabbage lares. He lias -nine-pence or teu- ponce a day for bis labour, to support him self an' family, an' provisions at famine prices. There's the leprechaun benevolence of ministhers, not worth lookin' afther. Tho curse oB Cromwell on such benevolence — it sickens the heart and soul to think of it. But the object of the government, Terry, was to give them employment, and the usual wages for labour. Aye, aye, that .urns the policy, sure enough, agrali ! " Give these men employ ment," sud they, " it will keep them from brooding over thoir grievances ; keep them employed, but keep them doum," The price of labour ought always to be regulated by tho prico ov provisions, for the man who works hard has a positive right to the common necessaries oflife, an' bughttobe able to support his family besides. ' There is still plenty ov provisions in the counthry, an I maintain that tho industhrious, hard working man has the very best right to his share ov them, an' if he starves, or his fondly is in want, then, I say, it is a Lepra- onaun uorenunent. J. m'l. 