Occulta vitia inquirere. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1849. By the last mail from Albany (King George's Sound), news has been reerivi-d of the re turn of the Surveyor-General and party to Cape Riche. All were well, and the only casualty sustained during the expedition was the Joss of one horse ; the remaining horses were in bad condition. On the 12ih instant Mr. Roe started for Perth, and may be expected daily. He intended to traverse the intervening country (Lanark, &c.;) between Cape Riche and the -western coast, which has not yet been explored, and will most probably make Bunbury, or some of the adjacent settlements, first. Although the .Surveyor-General has not discovered any very great extent of good country, he has found that which must be of great importance to the settle ment of King George's Sound and the colony generally— -viz-, coal of a finer description than that seen to the Northward. This discovery is of greater value, from its site being in the bed of the Middle Mount Barren River, not more than 12 miles from the coast ; from whence it could be shipped in small craft to the anchorage in Doubt iul Island Bay, a distance of 40 miles, where steamers or other large vessels can anchor in per fect safety. Nothing could be better timed or more opportune than this discovery, as our readers may see, by reference to our last number, that the experimental trip of the screw steamer to Syd ney, vid the Cape of Good Hope, is determined on, and that Albany is the point fixed to touch at. The knowledge of a store of fuel being at hand, and likely to be made available on a second voyage, would not only very much facili tate the proceedings of the company, but would give them encouragement to persevere in their -? design. We need not dilate on the advantages to be derived from steam communication : they are sufficiently apparent. To King George's Sound it must prove of incalculable benefit, and will materially raise the value of property there. Near Cape Knob Mr. Roe saw the remains of one of the seamen that were lost in an endeavour to reach Albany. It may be remembered that there were three men who left a whaler on the coast ; only one arrived at Mr. Cheyne's farm, Cape Richp, in an exhausted condition, and knew nothing of the fate of his comrades ; the the probability of their having perished in the bush was considered at the time beyund all doubt, and such is now proved to have been the case. The brig Skerne, of Port Phillip, (last from Launceston), arrived at Albany on the 13th inst., with a cargo of wheat, beef, pork, and butter, and sailed for the Isle of France on the 17th. Her flour sold for £16 per ton. The Clwmpion arrived on the 4th, and sailed again on the 9th. The schooner Hawk, from Adelaide, arrived on the 17th, to tuke in sandalwood for Batavia; she brought no mail. Mr. W. P. Clifton, of Australind, has re ceived mo*t satisfactory and important informa tion from Calcutta relative to the mahogany sliipped by him, which we hope to receive in time (or our next week's issue. His Excellency the Governor returned to Perth on Monday afternoon last; from hiB first visit to the York, Northasn, and Toodyay dis tricts. We trust that His Excellency's second visit will be more favourable, as, in consequence of the recent bush-fires, the country has been deprived for a time of its beautiful and luxuriant appearance. Ecclesiastical. — The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide has appointed the Rev. John Ramsden Wollaston, M.A., Colonial Chap lain at Albany, Archdeacon of that portion of the diocese of Adelaide contained within the limits of Western Australia. [A short time since, we stated that the Rev. J. R. Wollaston was ap- pointed Archdeacon of this province. At the time we did this, we thought the information given to us that the Bishop intended so doing, was not to be considered as confidential ; but on the announcement appearing in our journal, we were requested to withdraw it until His Lord- ship's intention was carried into effect.] Our Timber Trade. — We have been al lowed the perusal of a letter dated Calcutta, 21st August, 1848, written by an officer in the civil establishment of the Hon. East India Company ; the following extracts from it re lative to the timber of this colony arc worthy of notice : — ' Calcutta has ju6t suffered such a severe commercial shock, that there are none here rife for speculation just now. Something may yet be done with your timber — but these affairs take time. I have done my best for the colony : I got the Saltveen sent down, and should have procured another vessel or two this year, but the Superintendent of Marine, in hie report on the timber per Salween, says that he ip not prepared to recommend any extensive use of it, unless it can- be delivered here at the same rate as teak, and then even he considers it would only be suitable for beams, timbers, &c.;,ae the speci fic gravity of the wood is too great to allow of its use as planking. However, I have no doubt, in time, of overcoming this last objection, inas much as it is not entirely founded in fact, and is somewhat opposed to the opinion of the Master Builder. And as to the other part— the price— I see nothing to be alarmed at, as Government pay an average of 70 rupees per ton for the teak — indeed just now they are paying more ; and I think the colonists ought to be able to send their timber here for £7 per ton — and at that price I could get our government to take any quantity of hewn logs. The best sizes would be 14, 20, and 27 feet long, arid not less than 18 inches diameter. The logs need not be hewn quite square, but they must have four flattened sides. Crooked timber would also be taken. The greatest care must be used that no timber un sound at the heart is sent. I would not advise the shipment of plank, as the expense of sawing here is very trifling, and logs, on that account, are preferred. Some good banksia crooks would do as a trial ; but people making shipments must bear in mind lhat at first, and until the wood be* comes appreciated, government will be the only purchasers, unless it be on a very moderate scale by way of trial — and none, therefore, but the best timber should bo. sent up. When once our ship wrights bfgin to make use of the wood, any quantity will be consumed; and if the railroad schemes ever come into operation, the consump tion would be immense, provided the vaunted qualities of the wood stand the test in this coun try. Rice, sugar, rum, flour, wheat, Europe goods, in fact, everything is cheaper here than at the Mauritius or Singapore ; and even if the pro fit on the timber were nothing, that on the return* cargo would be abundant. If people send up timber, I shall be glad, for the love I bear the colony, to do all I can for them with our govern ment ; but being a government servant mjself, I cannot undertake any agencies.' 