LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. BELL'S LIFE bas in its present number redeemed its pledge, and nore appears in a fnrm containing closely printed rcadablo matter equal to nt loast twico that of tho Sydney Morning Herald. As a sronnxo. political, and commer- cial periodical (always promising tho former to be its peculiar characteristic, and that from which it mainly derivo its support,) wo con coivo that it may fairly challenge any publication in tho southern hemisphere, as a wockly compen- dium of instructivo and entertaining intelligence. It may bo, should our circulation incrcaso in a j like ratio with that of tho past year, that our . next New Year's Gift will compriso a double sheet, tho* si20 of that of our great London namesake. No exertion or reasonable outlay shall bo wanting on our part to effect so dcsirablo an object. A LUMINOUS POLICEMAN.-One of the Sydnoy Polieo, on a certain night, was visited on his boat by tho present Superintendent of Police, whoso npproach tho watchman challenged with tho usual " Who goes thoro P*' Ho was an- swered-"Mr. Day." "Thin," said ho, ina real Hibernian brogue, "fot tho blazes brings you hero by night." CALIFORNIA.-A recent arrival from the Port Phillip country informs us that this gobion nama has docomo tho usual nomenclatura of tho public houses in that Colony. It has not boon hoisted by " mino hosts " ns tho outward and visihlo signs, but been given through an "inward senso of [dis]gracc.'' It seems that tho rabies locomolivosia Californiensis is vory rifo in Australia Felix, anti hundreds of shepherds and shearers, heavy with cheques and orders for tending and unconting " tho fleecy,'' havo started from tho far interior for tho ports, on firm rosolve bent for tho first ship which should sny " Heigh for California''* But. alas for hitman hopes and determinations, thoro aro such things as roadside public houses, dusty roads, and parched throats- only ono hall, and that witli plenty of water, for a refresher. A weak spirit, and plenty of water, induces a second round, a lcotlo stronger, and thence a third', and so on. until cheques and orders get melted and smothered, nnd shepherds nnd shearers, in about throe days, nro quietly lambed dinon, and Melbourne and Goolong become, from want of tin, unattninnblo ports, and tho only harons of refuge thenco to bo roached arc tho sheep stations. Tho ordor of march is altered, and lt bocomcs, instead of tho loud " Heigh for California," a plaintivo and sorrowful wail of " heigh-Ao for tho Jumbucks." ns tho hills aro onco again faced with heavy hearts, aching heads, and light pockets. LICENSED VICTUALLERS' SOCIETY.-At the General Quarterly Meeting of this Society, which, was held on Monday last, at Skinner's Hotel, Mr. Hooper in the chair, the following was the result of thoe election of office-bearers for the current year :-Trustees and treasurers -Messrs. Mc Donald, Entwistle, John Barnett, Carrs, and Rider. General Committee - Messrs. John Sparke (Royal Hotel), Skinner, Williams (Petty's Hotel) R. W, Moore. Howell, D. Taylor. D. McLennan, O Dowd. Nicol. Liv- ingstone, T. W. Smith, Holloway, Yeend, Henry Roberts, Joseph Smith, and Joseph Spinks. Mr. Councillor McDonald and Mr. Skinner were unanimously re-elected Chairman and Vice Chairman of the General Committee for the ensuing year. The Report showed a continued and steady progress on the part of the Society the funds, after defraying every claim, being in a highly-satisfactory state, and the list of Mem- bers and Honorary Members steadily increasing. The Report having been received, and the elec- tion of office-bearers for thoecurrent year having concluded, a vote of thanks to the Chairman, Vice-Chairman, and the Members of tho General Committee, was, carried by acclamation. THE MAYOR.-It is a pleasant ocour ronco in thoso days of gonoral tightness, whon a shilling is hugged by its lucky possessor with a dcath-Iiko grip, to wltnoss charity - honest, hoart-flowing chnrity, not that which dolightoth to appear in print, with two flguros appended to its exhibitor's narao. Not tho plated waro, but tho sterling metal. Among tho confines on tho Police sheets on Wodnosday, was a man who it appeared had been taken in cliargo by tho police for protection, ho having on tho pr ovlous night sought tho rofugo of tho .watch-houso, hoing dostituto and friendless. Enquiries mado of tho man by thc Mayor elicited from him that an ailment provented his travelling into tho in- terior to sook work, and that on tho previous day ito had been discharged from tho Benevolent Asylum. Tho Right Worshipful remarked tho man could not of courso bo kopt in pohco eus Í tody, but in discharging him obsorved ito must not bo nllowod to starve, and gavo him from his own pocket such coin ns would prevent hunger occurring for some hours. This is by no means an uncommon proceeding oh tho part of Mr. Hill. On tho previous day two other persons brought similnrly boforo tho Police Court cx porloncod Iiis bounty. THE LAND OF CONTRADICTIONS. There is n land in Southorn seas, Full of all contraries. Lord, of what placo can such atranco tales Bo told with truth as Now South Wales. How wo pity tho polico i ' Hero in our Midsum- mer, with tho thermometer' ranging from 00 to 100 in tho shade, aro tho unhappy guys who cotnposo tho forco parading our sunny strouts in precisely tho samo costumo ju which thoir anti- podean contomporarlos-.aro', luxuriating in tho freeling depths of a London wintor I " Hot rolls and butter in July," quoth Lord Ogloby, " it tnakos ono sweat, tho very thought of it ;" and in a similar spirit do wo advert to tho cos- tumo of our constabulary. Was over such thoughtless, stupidity exhibited as in tho.matter wo nra considering. Tho heavy cumberaomo dross of tho English polico transplanted to a hot olimato, wliero ono of tho chief complaints is that tho constables aro not' activo enough. Surely so glaring a mlstako ought to bo rootifiod. PROVINO TOO MUCH,-A few days ago, a noted ncolyto of Terpsichore and his man sor vant woro performing one of thoso pas de deux, wherein ono represents tho,plaintiff, and tho other tho dofondant, boforo their Worship 1 of tho Sydnoy Bondi, whon tho following ' inoldont gavo additional zost to tho ballot of action s Tho servant suod for a bataneo of wngos, and tho " grand danseur " repudiated- tho claim on tho ground-of tho forraor'sironentod misconduct. .'Now, sir," said Mr. Solicitor Rodman (and oaoh oyo of that ..loamed practitioner iookod an Interrogativo,) *? Now, sir, nnswor ino. Did not your muster ordor you to bcd nt 0 o'clock tho ovoniiig boforo inst !" .* Ho did, sir.''v u Bo good enough 'to toll thoir ' Worships what ho ordorod you to go to bod for "-and Mr. Bodman foldod his nrms composedly, under tho comfor- table impression that tho . man wonld answer, " booause ho had .taken a drop too muoh ;"-no such luck ;-" Wot .was I ordorod, to go to bed for f" said John, " 00s master wanted to-, go nrtor tho sorvant gall" .Tho entrechat which tho professor out 011 tho occasion may truly bo described ns tho " pootry of motion. KPIOttAM. " A quill's a thing,'' quoth onroloss Kato Unto her coasoloss-soribbllng brother, " That loaves tho pinions of ono gooso To aproad tho " 'pinions of another." ? Tua CITY COUNCIL.-Sydney's .So!uni wero to 'havo met in solemn conclave ort Wed- nesday afternoon, -hut "no houso" con lil: bo got, and consequently oar columns arc liare of many bright coruscations of wit,' genius, añil talent, which doubtless wo should havo " liad to havo rocordod had thc Council assomhlod. Wed- nesday was a day fraught with hot winds, ami tho various excuses given by tho members of tho body corporate for neglecting their consti- tuents' interests were, that tho sirocco was a great infliction, and sufficient for thc day was tho evil thereof, without voluntarily Booking another. Other members stayed away because they had taken their dinner before tho hour of meeting, and some, several of whom had . been " swamping it" at Botany on tho previous day. lind experienced that tho water they then and them tested, disagreed wilhthem. "Tho'citizen* generally however did not grumblo. at tbeso several palliations for absënco, but believing tho hot winds to be tho real cause, appreciated tho truism of tho proverb as applicable to them- selves, *'That it is an ill wind that blows no ono good." , NEWS AND RUMOURS OF THE WEEK. Tho ship Johnson, Captain Harrisson, is about to proceed to Moreton Bay for tho purposo of loading with Emigrants. Wo understand that tho Government intend to appoint an emigration oflicor at that port immediately, for the purposo of seeing that tho regulations of tho Passenger: Act aro strictly enforced-wo havo hoard that Captain Wickham, Polico Magistrate of Bris- bane, will bo appointod.— John Manuel, a man of color, employed in tho pilot boat crew of Mr. Bainbridge was charged on Wedneseny last with unlawfully intruding himself into tho premises of Wm. Arbuthnot Brassey, Esq., a resident of Watson's Bay. Tho prisoner was said to havo boen seen on tho, premisos and nil iron bar had been romoved from tho shutter, tho tailing of which alarmed tho inmates. On Mr. Brassey's servant maid being called,'sha declined to bo sworn, and Masser Qúnnimo was discharged^ with an admonition hot to bo seen on Mr. Dras s«y*3 premisas again.--His Excellency, tho Governor has appointed-the following gcntlomen to form a Board for tho purpose of settling thc forms of proceedings and process to bo used at tho various Police-offices in tho colony:-viz., tho Superintendent of Police, tho Civil Crown Solicitor, Mr. Alderman Allen, M. L/C:. Mr. R. Bronnn, and Mr. G. K. Nichols,'M. L..C.--A. eovcrod van for tho conveyance of prisoners tf> and from tho gaol, and from ono watch-houso to tho other, would bo a noccssary adjnnct to tho ?materiel of tho City Polico'forco. Such a vari, might ho used In conveying convicts under sen- tence to Cockatoo Island -from tho Gaol to tho placo of embarkation, instead of exhibiting thom with chains on thoir legs and in tho convict I dress, dragging their mangled limbs through I tho streets of thc City, to tho grost.disgust of tho Citizens.-It is tho intention of tho Ex ecutivo Government to appoint à Deputy Shcrii for tho Northern Dlstriat of tho colony.--Hi* Honor Mr. Justice Therry will bo tho Judge of Assizo at tho ensuing Circuit Court, ta bo holden nt Brisbnno iii May next. Tho oxtent of tho Circuit District will bo shortly proclaimed. Mr. Billyard has declined tho appointment of Civil' Crown Solicitor, ono of tho duties which has appertained to that omeo sinco it has been hold hy the present incumbent, is that of return- ing thanks for tho ladies at all public dinners and entertainments. Mr. Billyard does not feel himsolf " stroug enough for tho place," and thcroforo will not tako upon himself the.latter burthen. 'Tho New Act for investing ' tho moiety of all penalties awarded to tho constabu- lary.forco throughout tho colony, in a general fund to bo called tho ".Polico Keward,.Fund," for pensioning and rewarding old and faithful sor vants of tho force, came into operation oh tho 1st instant. Tho Governor and Kxocutivc Council, by tho Act' in question aro to frame rules for tho proper distribution of tho fund.-'-? Tho public meeting which was convened by tho Mayor, in pursnanco of a requisition to that effect, has boon postponed sine die. Wo Icarr that tho promoters of tho movement could not agreo amongst themselves as to tho propoii courio bf proceeding, or tho naturo of tho reso- lutions to bo submitted for discussion ; timi passoth away tho glory of Aaron. Parkes, Low< & Co.--Sovcral of tha'Polico Forco who havi I booro ia tho servico for tho last 20 years hayi been "discharged from' tho Servico by the. nev Superintendent, Mr. Day; many of theso mon to our personal knowledge, havo boen, mos activo and usoful members of the forco, and ari deserving of favorable consideration nt thi hands of tho hoad of tho Execiitivo. " Tlio mci wo albulo to havo boon removed without an; reason exocpt that they aro considered " no strong enough for tho pince.'' Wo do not Uki this modo of dismissing old and faithful scrvanti without " rhymo or reason." Many attompts a burglary havo been mado during tho past wcol in tho city. Tho Pontonvillians who como ovor land from Port Phillip, and the oxpirco and run away convicts from Hobart Town, aro becomin -so numerous that nu incroase in tho. Polico-forc< ia absolutely necessary. . ^ LICENSING MEETING-A Meeting o tho Magistrates is called at tho Police-orHci this day wook for tho purpose of taking inti consideration tho following, applications madi for removal of licenses :-Saul Solomon, Aus tralian Hotel, Clarence-street and Margaret- place, to Pitt-street ; Thomas Thorn, Whit Hart, Pitt-street, to Clarence-street and Mar garet-place. UNION BANK. — Mr. McLaren is to be succeeded in tho Inspectorship of this Inst! tution by Mr. Fletcher, tho highly respecter 'Manager of the Melbourne Branch of tho Bank. STATE OF SECURITY OF THE CiTY.~The following aro somo of tho robborics and burgla rios, nnd attompts which havo occurred durin tho week. There'is no reason for bolioving th list ls complete. On Monday night, as a person of tho name of Penyard, residing in Clarence street, was passing along tho Grose- Farm Cut on tho-Parramatta Hoad, ho was knookod dow by two men, and 8s;-in silver and copper take from him. During tho'same night entrance was gained to the shop and store of Mr. Levy, of George-street North, hy tho removal of somo iro bars from a window at tho roar of tho promisés Tho calling of tho hour by a private watohmai would soora to havo nlarmod tho.doprodators a although tho storo was groatly ransacked n articles woro takori'. ¿An attompt had been mad to forco tho counting-houso, but luckily fallci Itooutainod at the timo a rich booty in casi Somctime during Tuesday night, the residence of Mrs. Orr, in Bathurst-street, was entered anda writing dosk stolon. During Wcdncsda night tho house of Mr. Brooks, of Kent-street North, was broken into,'and't largo clock atoltf Duringv.tho samp night th'oro was a burglar committed at the house of Mr. Harnett, in Val- entine's Lane, when several nrtiolos. of «carin apparel woro carried oft* This night seems ( havo been a night for tho cracksmen to haï boon up and doing. Au attempt was made t enter tho house of Mr. H. Owen, of Upper Fort- street. Tho shutters of ono of tho parlou windows wcro forced, but tho breaking n sp'rln catch nlnrmod Mr, O., who on coming dow stairs found tho thlovcs had mado thoir escapi Thoro woro marks of a " Joamos"' on tho sashe On, tho »arno night nn attompt was mado I enter " tho iron stores of Messrs. Lovick and Piper, in George-street, by picking a ho through tho walt under the window. Als during this ovoniful night, the bonded store of Mr., Willis, on tho Bon Accord Wharf, was en- tered, and some 80 boxes of cigars, à log tobacoo, nud 2 bottlos of gin woro oloarod d without Customs authority. 'It soothi *a bor was ' stolon from the 'Ralph Bernal'; which doubtless sorved tho burglars to renell .anti g away from tho adjoining wharves, from whew thoy olimbod oil to tho roof of Mri Willi Store, and obtained ncbtiss by removing1 a po Hon of tho shingles. -The boat would stem afi< tho robbory to havo .Keon Jet .' n lrift, os it «r found in tho ocurso of tho ensuing dsy off Cool otoo-Island. Early yosterdny, morning «eec was galnod on board tho ltoihil Saxon, lying < Towns' Wharf, when cash and property princ pally belonging to tito chief malo, tn tho arnon of £13, was stolon. A Vnndomohian, to whe .a froo passago from Hobart Town had t»ei given, is suspected of tho 'robbery. Early i tho samo morning n burglary was ofJcotcd nt tl roaidenco of tho ilonorablo tho Colonial Trens rcr, at Wooloomooloo, by forcing tho shutters ono of tho windows of tho diuwmg-roo rh. T burglars mado good thr-lr oscapo with oabh a owcllory to tho amount of about £i0. MR. NICHOLS' LATEST.—"These are the very identical stones your worships," said Mr. Roberts the publican, "which were thrown by the defendants at my windows on New Year's morning." at the same time producing a basket full of the best Argyle-street cut nublies, ob- longs, and rhomboids, for the inspection of the Bench. The witty and legal M. C. submitted if Mr. Sillitoe the presiding J. P. had any doubt as to the character or order of the class the speci- mens belonged to, that there was sufficient evi- dence before the court to prove them of a free- stone nature. A REALLY CONSCIENTOUS WITNESS.—In thc course of tho proceedings at the spocial meeting of magistrates, hold for the purposo of considering tho application of Mr. Pickering for un auctioneer's lieense, one of the witnesses «ncamlnod to show tho expediency and necessity of granting tho knocking-down privilego to its necker, was ono Mr. Myers, a denizen of Cla- rence-street, who described his business, in an- swer 'to* a query from Captain Moriarty, as an ..alt sorts ut mari," vu'go, a goncnil dealer. The aim sought to bo attained by thc evidence of numerous witnesses, of whom Myers was ono, vas that, if a license was not granted at tho present-an extraordinary meeting of tho magis- trates- an enquiry of a public nature would en auo. This courso of 'proceeding was necessary under thc provisions of ono of thc clauses of tho Act of Council.' Mr. Redman, who appeared in support of tho application, put tho interrogatory to Mr. Myers, " if his client did not get a license, whother tho public would not sustain an injury t ' Myers paused for n, fuw minutes, mid then replied, "I can't swear for tho public, but J MrsKLr shall sustain au injury." Tho advo- cate looked aghast, "and ' endeavoured to beat, hsraraor, thrust, and thunder tho real nnd legal liearinit ot the quos.ion, ¡iud what tho answor should be, into Myers'cranium, but it was in vain. Self, self, was predominant, and tho con- scientious uiifri, with indst' uopbilanthrópic feel- ings, could not bp:screwod'*liitö"a consideration for tho public's !injury,'but" most pathetically whined out, " 1 myself aimil bo injured." BLUE STOCKINGS.—This term, so ungal- lantly expressive of the more highly educated and literary, adventurous of the fair sex in the mother country, has never, we believe, been laid claim to, or in any way merited, by an Austra- lian petticoat. The only claimants to anything approximating to such a degree in this colony are the feminine emanations from Hyde Park Barracks,—in other words, the orphan emi- grants, ponderously bound and issued to appli- cants invariably in light blue or grey stockings, which, if we may judge from the solidity of their understandings, warrant the monopolization of such honorary distinction. EPIGRAM. (moeiSTRD ur.THE Doixos or TiiitTou.io montas.) " Como buy a whip !"-" l'vo got no horso," " Hut then you'vo got a son, of courso I" TUB " LAYMAN'S PROMITER."-The first number of this heterogeneous " threepenny" has invaded the' hallowed precincts of our sanctum. Prom tho editorial innugurativo address wo opine t that tho scribe; whose professed purposo is to " #ffr up tho people," must bo nothing moro nor less than a spoon ; and when ho dilates upon his remorseless antipathy to what ho terms the " priestcraft; monster lùxurating in tho broad sunshine of prosperity," wo havo reason to infer that ho himself is but j ust emerging from "tho deep shadows of adversity" to'try an artful dodgo in the backnicd' speculation of religious contro- versy. Ilo .* does not mean tho paltry considera- tion of pounds, shillings, and peuce, pshaw ! ! ! Giro him your heart, and a small portion of your timo," Oh.' by all means; our "heart's out own''¡and." ti mo's but mado for slaves." Ho ii volcóme to both, but bar tho " thrccpcnnics.'' APPNTMENTS GAZETTED.-His Excel- lency tho Governor has been pleased to appoint John O'Neil Brenan, Esq., ot Garryowen, neal Sydney, to ho a magistrate of tho city of Syd- ney ; Mr. Thomas Whitnell to be Serjeant-Majoi .of the Nativo Police ; Richard Purves Marshall, Esq., to bo Lieutenant of tho tirst division ol Nativo Police ; George Fulford, Esq., to be Lieutenant of tho second division of Native Police; Mr. James Greaves, Hartloy : Mr ' Samuel Sneyd, Moreton Bay ; Mr. Bartholomov .Bannister, Burnett District-; and Mr. Willian M4Adara, Wido Bay; to bo Inspectors of Dis tillerlea. . W. A. Duncan, Esq.; to be Govern- mont Emigration Agent at tho port of Morctoi Bay ; and Mr. Samuel Snoyd, Moreton Bay, an« Mr. James Greaves, Hartley, to bo Inspectors o Slaughter-houses and of cattle intended to ht slaughtered in the said districts. THE AUSTRALIAN MUSEUM.—It is not generally known that the new building is opened. Thanks to the proceedings of tho late Colonial Architect, aomo time must olapso before th« ' whole of its interesting and valuable content ! can bo exhibited to tho public Two apartment only, and those of small dimensions, aro as yo finishod, but.tho scientific and talented curator Mr. Sheridan Wall, bas mado tho most of th i limited space, ns every ono who visits tho ostab lishment on any Wodnosday betweon 13 and! o'clock will bo unhesitatingly admitted. Amonj tho.sights to bo sean aro tho splondid castes frou tho antique latoly presented by Dr. Nicholson and" those glorious perfections of sculpture tin j Venus do'Medicis, tho Gladiators in tho severa î positions, tho Quoit Thrower, tho Roman Slnvi overhearing tho Conspirators, Cupid and Pysche Tho Adonis, tho Apollo Belvidere, tho Boxers and tomo othor choico specimons aro now withii Australian gazo. Tho Casts of tho fossil re mains of tho Dlnrotodon, found somo few year [ siuco beyond Moreton Bay liavo also boon so up. Out of doors in tho Zoological collection there is tho Tiger wbioh lins grown a very beau tiful beast and become noarly as tame as bcauti fal, as also'somo few othor livo specimens addoi few days siuco by tho presont of a Russian sheep from Cáptala Charlesworth, of tho Hoya 4?aieot», nnd.ln the course of 'a 'week or so w tteHoro tho skeleton of a Wholo will bo anothe attraction for tho visitors. - Apropos, of thi building ourlous rumours aro afloat, to tho offec that tho worth of tho materials employed in lt erection is far below that which tho Ex-Colonial Architoct charged them at, and some with knowing shako of tho head broadly hint tho there aro moro Lewis's than he of. London, wh have a peculiar system of their own of shorthand. EPIGRAM. . The foroo of rn KIHI; could no farther go ; What long-tailed whiskered bruto could mate! our Lowe. REVOLUTIONARY MOVEMENTS. - Stronj discontent is crowing in tho bosoms of govern f ment clerks, in consequence of tho anticipate I promulgation of nn imperial ukaso providing fo I tho paymçnt.jot---alarias, quarterly, in lieu C monthly^as heretofore. In sovoral departmonti «rc ta positively informod, that tho malcontent have intimated nn intention of throwing dow tho quill at once, and having recourse to steel on tho proclamation of tho otfonslvo edict, i corresponding movement amongst their tailor and washerwomen (already in tho suds), who wll be indirect sntlorora by suoh onaotmont, is relic upon hy tho revolutionary loaders. AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATHS.-Two in stances of tho awfully frail tenure of human life havo occarrod during tho week; On Sunda; morning last Mrs. James Matthews, a recently married young woman, the daughter of Mr. Thompson, painter, of George-street, complainoi to her husband of indisposition, and rcquostoi him to riso and preparo her a cup of tea. . llav lng taken tho toa without experiencing any ro lief, Mr. Matthews deemed it prudent to call it hts mothor-in-lnw, and prococdod himsolf to'rc quest her attendance. On his return, accom- panied by Mrs. Thompson, tho unfortunate younj woman was discovered lying dead in her bed. A pott mortem examination was mado tho sami day, and rupture of the heart ascertained to have .been tho causo nf death. Tho deceased, wltl ncr 'nu.hand and mothor, had talton passages li tho tlebtrah schooner tor California, and tin sailing of tho vossol waa considerately dolayoi until Wednesday, to onahlo hor bereaved rola tivei to pay the last sad offices of affection. The second instance was that of Mr. Charles Dickin son, publican of tho South Head Road, who'or Tuesday night last, after conversing jestingly with some of his customers, in tho height of gooil j health and spirits, was in tho net of procoodliif »P stairs, whon ho staggered and fell dead with- out a struggle or a groan. A woman named Williams, residing in Globe-street, was also found dead in her bed on Tuesday evening ; but in thu easf, doccaio hod boon prcccdod'by a protracted and painful illness. CONFLAGRATION ON THE NORTH SHORE.— Since Wednesday last, raging and wide- spreading bushfires, caused by the prevailing hot winds, and tho unusual beat and dryness of tho weather, have destroyed property of considerable value on the North Shore ; and it is feared that the lives of two persons (known as John the Frenchman and Joseph Curran) havo also boen sacrificed. At tho timo of our going tb press, the casualties, ns far ns could bo ascertained, wera as follows:-Mr. Cook's promises, Lane Cove, havo been burned, mid two of his horses destroyed. Mr. Archbold's premises, furnituro, lfl.UOu feet of sawn timber, and twolvo tons of hay, burnod. P. Simpson's orchard and fencing: G. Clarke's hut and furnituro: John Macmillan's orchard and fencing; R. Hyam's hut and furniture : Mr. Murphy's two houses and furnituro ; Mr. Ross Donnelly's outhouses ; F. McCudden's house and furnituro ; all entirely destroyed. Tho promises of Colonel Harney, Mr. Berry, Mr. Stirling, and Mr. Bloxsome, have been partially damaged, and almost all tho fencing burned. It is to bo feared, that no cilanco of arresting tho progress of the main current of tho fire presents itself until it reaches thc basin of Pittwater. Wo regret to state that among tho sufferers aro several who, with their families, aro plunged into utter destitution hy this visitation ; but wo sincerely hope that the sympathy of thc public, if appealed to, will assist in relieving their calamities to somo ex- tent. It is perhaps useless non' to express sur- prise at tho absence of all precautions against tho attack of a foe whoso progress it is so diffi- cult to arrest when ouco ho commences his march of devastation. Herc wc find valuablo plantations entirely unprotected, when by n. little labor and outlay in clearing tho grass and brushwood, the ruinous consequences wo aro recording might have been considerably modified if not entirely prevented. Intelligence has also been received that the bush between Wollon- gong and Kiama was one entire mass of flame. Communication-between the two localities was wholly impossible. PRESBYTERIAN MARRIAGES.-THE (JUEKN ti. KoiiERrs.-Their Honors tho Judges having submitted tho aliovo caso for tho opinion of Mr. Fuzboz, that loamed gentleman will take tho earliest opportunity of delivering his judg- ment on a matter upon which hinges tho happi- ness of huudrcds in this city and colony. Wo havo authority for stating that Mr. Fuzboz witt bo closeted with Sir Alfred on Monday nuxt, and hope to bo in a position to givo thc result of their conference iii our next. FORGERY.-Our Yass correspondent writes us as follows :- I take an early oppor- tunity of informing you that the party alluded to in your last, viz., Mr. P. M. Stallard, of Sydney, was apprehended here on Sunday last on a chargo of forgery, and is at present confined in tho Yass lock-up. Tho only money found upon his person was 6s. 3d.'' Tho forgeries were on tho Rev. Mr. Sumner, Procurator-General, and to a considerable amount. LIEUTENANT WAGHORN.-We hear, on good authority, that this distinguished pioneer of those great agents of modern progress, Steam and Rail, is about to visit thoso shores. Wo aro not aware of tho precise object of his visit, but suro wo aro, that tho colonists may rely upon receiving tho benefit of his valuablo suggestions in all that relates to thc important matters of their communications, whothcr by steam with thc mother country, or by rail with tho distant dis- tricts of their own vast interior. POSTAGE.- Last night's Government Gazctto notifies that all letters addressed to the public departments must bc pre-paid or thoy will bo refused, mid returned to tho writers. In making remittances to tho Colonial Treasury, or any other department, all sums under'one pound may be remitted in post-ago stamps. A DESIDERATUM.- By an adver- tisement in Friday's Herald it appears a young man is required ns Cook for a Public Establish- ment. Tho qualifications aro stated, viz., that ho must bo used to an oven, and ho of even temper. It ls opined tlmt any person who could stand a'public establishment nud an oven must bo of a very oven temperament. " THAT MAN WILL BE TUB DEATH OF US." -A gont who is celebrated ns making tho worst possihlo puns in Syduoy.-and-whom wo opino our readers will at onco rccogniso, and savo us hoing moro particular as to hts name, on Wed- nesday socing ono of tho Unco Course swing-itcs being escorted to Darlinghurst Keep observed, " Ah, there goes ono of tho rioters ; I hnvo al- ways noticed- it to bo a natural soquenco that tho fast goers on a Hace Courte gut to tho Gaol." TUB BUSH FIRES.-The learned and scientific have boon very closely engaged, en- deavouring to ascertain a causo for tho wido spreading bush fires which raged at tho North Shore on Wodnesday. Dy some lt is contendod that the falling of an igneous fragment of negro head sent tho bush to blazes ; whilst others maintain that tho liahten-'mg was tho result of n thundering tumblo down of meteoric stones. We havo also duly busied ourselves in eloso philo- sophie researches, and, after minuto enquiries, havo made a discovory. Without arrogating to ourselves tho having arrived at thc roal and truo cause, and without affirming that thcro is any error in, the supposed " meteoric" visitation, wo shall content ourselves by stating that Mr. G. Paton, CC, was on tho North Shore on Wednesday forenoon. Our readers will of courso draw their own conclusions. SOMETHING NEW.-The Blues have lately rocoived some now recruits. With' new mon como now manners. Amongst these now mon is one Mr. Bodily —capital name for a policeman who, in giving his tostimony a few days since ns to tho appréhension of tho prisoner beforo tho Court, informed tho justices that ho took him into custody as an " auxiliary to a robbery." STUBD'S LAST.-Why does our principal miller of Sydnoy always put UH in mind of a Jow? Because ho's a Barker. A MONSTER OF THE DEEP.-On Tues- day last tho ordinarily tranquil waters of Tarban Creek resounded with tho cries of eager mon, and tho tremendous splashing of a huge shark, fourteen feet long, by thirteen round tho waist. Temptod by nn insinuating piece of hoof, tho Bimplo animal was unablo to resist its attraction. Tho keen hook soon fastened in his gigantic maw, and dcatli stared hint in the faco. Ho lookod up, and ho looked down', and tho memory of his fond wife and child, whom ho had left in tho deep waters of tho Pacific, nearly ovcrcamo him. But despair lent 'enorgy to his drooping heart, and ho struggled with' tho fierce' intrepidity of a -Nùblaa líúnr'^'ráslrcd-Vtho angry waters 'Into foam-opened his monstrous jaws, and threat- ened dostruotion to all around. But; alas I what can tho mightiest courago ndPomplish against fearful odd». Pnnting, but tö^unted, eight stout men brought him ashoro-tho\"J>om0lJ vi° tim of an onrly gravo. A sigh to tliosfcho loved esoaped his heaving heart-tho romorsoi^*8 knife sovorod his haughty hoad,' and' his gaUntrt^'P'1"'' flod to Pluto's gloomy realms :-Amatours^\1on* noissours, congoscontl and servants of SydnVy> aro respectfully iuformod that thoro will bo sulk raittod to their emulous competition, on nn early day, beforo tho end of tho year, tho following singularly beautiful recherche, and valuablo ar- ticles oxtraeted from tho abdominal recosaos of this lamontod gentleman, who has been carved, dissected, and choppod into. minoo-raont, under tho immodiato supervision of nn eminent phy- sician at- Tarban Crook, viz i 1\. A lady's drosslng-oaso, with thimbles, frills, bustles, paint and paint-brushes oomploto. 2\. Thrco babies-two puppy dogs,-and a doad ,. guana. 3\. Mr. Robert Lowo's lost oharnr.tor-a skcloton jackass, and 14 railway shares paid up. 4\. Tho draft of a New Constitution to satisfy all partios, proparod by Alderman Wllshlro and a fow pntriotio friends; 6\. Sovoral now Polkas, and a Spanish Fandango, to tho air of Tho Girl I loft bohlnd mo." C. A smnll quantity of California gold-dust, just frosh from tho Saoramonto. . , . 7\. Tho jaw-bono of Captain Cook, and a dagu orrootypo llkonoss of Quoen Po maro. 8\. £000 Lotto ry Tiokots for qunrtor nora allot- ments nt Fitzroy and Hastings, with printed eonveynnoos, mid admtrablo titles i besides numorous other scarce and equally valuablo artiotos, 