CALIFORNIA. To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN—I wrote your last per French ship Java, and forwarded papers to date, which I trust you have duly received. The principal topic I have now to report is, the failure of two of our largest mercantile houses (Simmons, Hutchinson, and Co., and Henry Howison), also that of one of our oldest bankers (Henry M. Naglee). The announcement of the assignments of the former and stoppage of the latter, as might be expected, caused quite a panic in the city ; and the consequence was a general run upon all those having money on deposit. The emergency, however, was promptly met by them. The Alta California of the 7 th instant, remarks The recent assignments which have been made in Sacramento and San Francisco have caused much excitement, and a good deal of nervous apprehension among business men. Some of the most extensive firms have, when least expected, assigned all their property for the benefit of their creditors—exhibiting, in almost every case, a large amount of indebtedness. In some instances it has been confidently asserted that all the liabilities would be satisfied, and a surplus left on hand, but in others there have been no hopes of such a result. We cannot but regard financial matters at the present time as in a very unsettled state, and confidence has been impaired to a very considerale extent. We must attribute the present pressure in the money market, and the unsettled state of business generally, to the losses arising from the three great fires with which we have been visited, and to the unconquerable spirit of speculation which has been carried on to so vast an extent in our community within the past year. Real estate operations have produced a very general embarrassment, and in the present unsettled state of California affairs we cannot wonder that such has been the case. But we have every hope that this will not last, and that our mer- chants will recover from the present depression, and rise again triumphant. They must, however, exercise more caution in their operations of all sorts than here- tofore, and will doubtless see the necessity of doing business less loosely than has been the custom of the last year. We look for a very general revival of busi- ness throughout the country during the latter part of the present month, and with confidence that we shall not be doomed to disappointment. * * * * * * On the 9th there was no run on the banking establishments, and confidence was again re- stored ; but in my humble opinion the crisis is not yet over, and that a few weeks will tell of more assignments, though I hope such will not be the case. The winter season, it is evident, will set in very early this year—we had a shower of rain on Thursday morning, the first since April last. It was very refreshing ; but it reminded me of the torrents that might be expected in a brief space of time, and the distress that will then be felt by many in our city. The mining news is of just the same charac- ter as I have previously communicated. Some are making their piles, others not clearing ex- penses. A large quantity of gold, however, is expected to arrive in the city within the next three months. Mr. W. Abercrombie, of Sydney, has just arrived from the mines, and has done, I believe, very fair. He is at present lodging in the same house with me, but will shortly pro- ceed to England. Mr. B. Boyd is at the mines, and has about forty men employed, at six dollars per day and their food. Up to ten days since, however, the quantity of gold taken out by them, had not averaged above half the sum per day paid each man. Our friend, notwith- standing, is far from being discouraged—is in good health and spirits at present (though he has suffered severely from dysentery), looking forward with bright hopes of making a haul some time. I trust he will succeed. The tide of emigration seems to be setting back to your colony. There are a number of passengers in the Star, and there will be many more in the vessels that are to follow. The Rosetta Joseph, Agincourt, Artemesia, Har- mony, Despatch, Waldemar, Laura, Patagonia, Hamburgh barque Esperance, and several others are laid on for your port. Most of the men re- turning are not one cent. better off than when they left Sydney ; some perhaps not so well. A number of deaths have occurred within the last month, among them Dr. Bastone, who came down surgeon of the Inchinnan, a gentleman much respected by those who had the pleasure of his acquaintance, both here and in Sydney. My health is again quite restored, and I trust I shall be spared from more sickness in this country. I am, gentlemen, yours sincerely, THOMAS HINNIGAN. San Francisco, Sept. 14, 1850. s. d. to 0 0 1 1½ 0 11½ 0 9 0 6½ to £(0 0 0 28 0 0 0 0 s. d. 6 0 COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.—Our demand for supplies for the interior continues to increase ; already a fair business is being done. Wool comes in freely for this early period of the season, and the return drays take off large quantities of merchandise.—Several sales of Teas are reported, and stocks of this article must have declined considerably of late.—Of Sugar we must speak less favourably; recent arrivals from Manila have put us in possession of information respecting that market which has induced importers to push sales at reduced rates, and the fact of the Gwalior's cargo having been offered at auction at Melbourne, on arrival, prohibits us offering any flattering re- port of our market.—Operations in Flour and Wheat have for some time past been, to say the least, ill-advised ; prices have been kept by the millers so unreasonably low as to exclude Van Diemen's Land wheat and flour, in quantities sufficient for our consumption, and orders for export must go unexecuted ; unless we are greatly deceived in the stocks of the place, we shall need many arrivals ere the new crops come in, in sufficient quantities for the demand.— Tobacco : This article maintains a high figure, and will in the absence of arrivals advance con- siderably ; no ordinary lots will check the advance; it cannot be purchased freely under 2s. for Barrett's from the trade —Cigars : Large sales have been effected at profitable rates to the importers, notwithstanding several parcels have come in.—Coffee: This article con- tinues low in stock—the whole of the Java has been cleared out, and there now only remains a few tons of Manila, for which 8d. per lb. is quoted.—Iron, in bars: Little good is being done, very low rates are submitted to. Pig Iron has realized well for the importer, viz., 90s. per ton.—Herald, Nov. 30. PRODUCE CIRCULAR.—Sales of Wool to moderate extent have been effected during the past week, and prices have been well supported, as high as 1s. 3d. per lb. having been offered for a choice clip.—In Tallow we have no alteration to notice, and deliveries continue small. PRICES CURRENT. WOOL. s. d. Choice clips.................. 1 3 Fair to good.................. 1 0 Low to middling.............. 0 10 Locks, skins, pieces, &c.......; 0 5 Grease....................... 0 5½ TALLOW. Beef........................ £26 10 0 Mutton....................... 27 10 0 —— s. d. Hides, each.............. 4 0 Sheepskins, per lb............ 0 3½ 0 5 Cocoanut oil, per ton......................£23 2 6 Tortoishell, per lb......................... 0 13 6 Mort and Brown, Auctioneers.—Sydney, Nov. 29.—Herald, Nov. 30. SYDNEY GRAIN MARKET.—Wheat, Flour, &c..; Messrs. Barker and Co. report that good samples of wheat will command from 4s. 6d. to 4s. 8d. per bushel. Their purchases during the week have been at from 3s 10d. to 4s. 7½d. for colo- nial, and one lot of imported at 4s. 9d. Owing to the great demand for flour for exportation 300 tons having been shipped, chiefly for Cali- fornia and New Zealand—the price for fine had advanced to £12, and second quality to £11, per ton. Bran, 9d. to 10d. per busheL At Mr. Breillat's mill the report is :—No colonial wheat has arrived during the week A sale of Van Diemen's Land wheat has been made at 4s. 9d. per bushel, and for good samples of either de- scription 4s. 6d. to 5s. could now be readily obtained. Fine flour has advanced to £12, seconds £11, with every probability of a further rise, the demand being greater than the supply, and the stock unusually low.—Herald, Nov. 30. SYDNEY VEGETABLE MARKET.—Potatoes : Colonial (new), £8 per ton ; imported, £5 to £5 10s.—Herald, Nov. 30. Sydney Stock Market.—Cattle, &c.;, for Slaughter : The market has been tolerably sup- plied with sheep this week, and of an improved quality : of cattle, the supply has not been so good, but nevertheless au improvement on that of the preceding week. We quote the result of a few of the sales. Cattle : 120 head at 50s., 100 at 51s. 6d., 70 at 55s., 12 at 60s., and 108 at 78s. per head. Sheep (without wool) : 500 at 4s. 7d., 1,200 at 4s. 9d, and 1,000 at 5s. per head. Calves are to be had at every figure between 10s. and 25s. Lambs (without wool) fetch 4s. 6d. to 5s. Large fat pigs are worth from 2¼d. to 3d, and porkers 3¾d per lb. Horses: The market is fully stocked in point of number, but the quality is very inferior, few or none being suitable for India. Mr. Stewart's sale of horses during the past week number 70 head. Of these 40, sold at the bazaar, realised from £2 to £12 each; and 30, unbroken colts and mares, sold at the Cattle Market from £3 10s. to £9 each.—Herald, Nov. 30. THE BISHOPS.—The Bishop of New Zealand sailed for Auckland on Wednesday. His lord- ship attended morning service at St. Phillip's church in the morning, when the Litany was read by Archdeacon Cowper; the Bishops of Sydney, Tasmania, and Newcastle, were also present. After service a large number of people assembled on the Hunter River Com- pany's Wharf to take leave of his lordship ; and about a hundred and twenty ladies and gentle- men, including the Bishop of Newcastle and several clergymen, embarked in the steamer Thistle to accompany him to the Heads. Upon arriving alongside the Emma, four native lads, who had been brought to Sydney by H.M.S. Havannah (two of them from the island of Er- romanga, where the missionary Williams was killed), for the purpose of being educated at Auckland, were brought on board to accompany the Bishop. The Emma was then towed to the Heads; the wind, which had been blowing strongly from the north-east all the morning, shifted to the westward, which was fair for Auckland. Three hearty cheers were then given, and the good Bishop sailed with the hearty prayers of all present, that a blessing may descend upon the great work in which he is engaged. The Bishop of Newcastle sailed for Morpeth the same evening, and the Bishop of Tasmania will depart for Hobart Town to- morrow. We understand that their lordships propose meeting again in 1853: by that time their numbers will be increased by the erection of the sees of Lyttelton and Freemantle (Swan River), and possibly by another division of one of the existing dioceses.—Herald, Nov. 29. PERJURY.—Our readers will recollect a charge which was a short time since preferred at the Police-office against Mr. Samuel Terry Hughes for perjury, said to be committed in an affidavit used upon a notice of motion for a new trial, in a cause lately tried in the Supreme Court be- tween Mr. James M'Evoy and himself. Mr. J. O'Neil Brenan dismissed the charge, and gave a long judgment, which appeared in our issue a few weeks ago. The depositions were forwarded to the Attorney General, and he, in virtue of the power he possesses ex officio, called upon Mr. Hughes to show cause why an information should not be filed against him for the perjury committed. The case was argued on the 19th instant before the Attorney General, in his office, and he said his opinion was that he ought to permit the information to be filed ; but he would first consult the Solicitor General, who was then absent on the Bathurst Circuit. The Solicitor General has returned, and the Attorney General yesterday communicated his decision that he was of opinion there was a sufficient body of evidence sworn to in this case to make out a prima facie case of perjury against Mr. Hughes, and that in point of law it could be sustained, and he deemed it his duty to allow the information to be filed. Mr. Rowley ap- peared for the prosecution, and Mr. Fisher and Mr. Shuttleworth as counsel and solicitor for the defendant.—Herald, Nov. 30. THE INQUEST ON MR. ABERDEEN.—The ad- journed inquiry, touching the death of John Aberdeen, took place yesterday. The purport of the evidence previously taken has already ap- peared in the Herald, and it will be recollected that the last adjournment took place in conse- quence of the desire of some of the jurymen that the contents of the stomach should be sub- jected to a chemical analysation. The analysis was entrusted to Dr. a'Beckett and Mr. Porter. Mr. Porter deposed that he found indications of opium, but not sufficient to determine the quan- tity ; he had analysed the stomach itself to a certain extent, anil in the process discovered indications similar to those produced by metallic arsenic; the indications might not have exceeded the 2-100ths of a grain ; but the corroborative tests did not confirm those appearances; he analysed the contents of the stomach, but found no arsenic. Dr. a'Beckett deposed that he attended with Mr. Porter in the operation. In one experiment they fancied that there were indications of arsenic, but by subsequent tests they were not corroborated; in several other experiments there was no indication whatever ; he was inclined to the opinion that no arsenic existed. The jury retired for a short time to consider their verdict, and on their return to court found a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence—that death was the result of serous apoplexy.—Herald, Nov. 30. CORONER'S INQUEST.—An inquest was held on Thursday, at the Benevolent Asylum, on the body of a man, name unknown, which was the previous day found in the water at Shark Bay, by a working man named Banbury. Informa- tion having been received by Mr. Singleton, of the coroner's department, he at once proceeded to Shark Bay and brought up the body, or rather the remains of the body, for the trunk and arms only were left, the other portions having been eaten by fish. His apparel con- sisted of Cossack boots, a blue Guernsey frock, a striped shirt, and moleskin trousers. Inquiry was made on board the ship San Francisco, one of whose men was drowned a few days ago, and of the friends of one or two other men who have been drowned and their bodies not found, but the dress did not correspond with that worn by either at the period of their death. The jury found a verdict of found drowned, but how or when there was no evi- dence.—Herald, Nov. 30. THE FATE OF DR. LEICHHARDT.—Several cor- respondents have addressed us on the subject of our recent remarks on this painfully interesting subject, and have begged of us not to allow it to drop without further appeal to public sympathy. What we would suggest to these gentlemen is this. Let them get up a requisition to the Mayor of Sydney, asking him to convene a public meeting for the purpose of considering what steps can be taken to ascertain the fate of this intrepid traveller and his party. From what has been communicated to us, we feel assured that ample funds would be readily sub- scribed to fit out an expedition to Port Essing- ton, and the more we consider the subject the more probable does it appear to us that on that coast tidings will be heard of the absent ex- plorers.—Sydney Courier, Nov. 30. THE FIRE IN HUNTER-STREET.—The direc- tors of the Sydney Fire Insurance Company have compromised with Messrs. Youngman for the loss sustained by them in the late fire for £600, which was paid yesterday. It was found that to have made even an approximate list of the articles destroyed by the fire, broken in removal, and damaged by water, would have been a work of great time and labour, and the directors determined, therefore, to close at once, and put an end to their risk on The goods that were distributed about the town. Upwards of £100 has also been paid by the company in reward for meritorious exertions and labour performed on the occasion, but of this a moiety will be borne by the Imperial Company, in which the premises were insured. Arrangements which were in progress before the fire, for the establishment of a Fire Brigade, to be supported by the Sydney Fire Insurance Company and the Imperial and Alliance (English) Companies, have of course been expedited by what has occurred, and will be at once completed. A very powerful engine, which has just been imported by the Imperial Company, will be placed in charge of the brigade. We do not know who is responsible, but the Corporation engine was in a most inefficient state, the hose being very defective, and a number of tools which belonged to it when it was purchased are missing.—Herald, Nov. 29. THE ALBERT EXPEDITION.-We had a few days ago the pleasure of inspecting some pieces of colonial tweed, manufactured from colonial wool, by Messrs. Walker and Company, of Syd- ney, and intended for shipment by the Sal- sette, with a view to their being exhibited at the Exhibition of the Industry of all Nations, to take place in London in the spring of the coming year. We fear, from an unfortunate contre temps, that these very beautiful samples of colonial skill and industry will arrive too late for exhibition ; but they evidently show that a great improvement is taking place in this branch of manufacture.—Herald, Nov. 30. RIOTING IN THE STREETS.—It will be re- membered that on the 12th instant a young man named Ward was committed by the Sydney bench to take his trial for riotous conduct in the streets early on the morning of Sunday, the 10th, having been one of a mob who paraded Pitt, King, Elizabeth, and Castlereagh-streets, assaulting every one they met. Yesterday John Sinnett, Thomas Fogarty, and John Groves, who have been identified as leading men on that occasion, were committed to take their trial for their participation in the dis- orders alluded to.—Herald, Nov. 30. Shocking Accident.—A fine boy about ten years of age, named Byrne, residing with his mother at Pyrmont (his father being in Cali- fornia), was yesterday out gathering-brushwood for the fire, when he fell over a precipice of some sixteen or eighteen feet, and died on the spot. We understand his skull was fractured, and his neck dislocated by the violence of the fall.—Herald, Nov. 30. A MAN DROWNED.—Between ten and eleven o'clock on Thursday night a person, name un- known, went on board the brig Louisa, lying off the Queen's Wharf, for the purpose, it is sup- posed, of robbing the cabin. There was a fero- cious dog on the deck, which ran at the man, who either jumped or fell over the stern to avoid him. He was seen to fall by the sentry on the Commissariat Wharf, who gave an alarm; but although several boats' were in the vicinity, and immediately rowed to the spot, they could not find the body. Search was also made yes- terday, but without avail.—Herald, Nov. 30. ASSULT.—The time of the bench was occu- pied on Wednesday and Thursday in inquiring into the particulars of a brutal assault committed by a person named William Smith, residing in George-street South, upon Mrs. Taylor, the wife of Mr. David Taylor, of the Wheat Sheaf, near the toll-bar. The injuries sustained by Mrs. Taylor were of a serious character, the defendant having dragged her out of her own house by the hair, knocked her down, and kicked her until she was insensible. The savage nature of the assault was fully proved ; and on Thursday, to which day the case was postponed, the defendant was fined £5, or in default of payment to be confined in Darlinghurst Gaol for two months. Sydney Courier, Nov. 30. BUSH-FIRES.—With the hot drying winds and scorching days of the summer season, which has now fairly commenced, we may expect a fre- quency of bush fires. In fact they have already commenced, and that in the scene of their last year's ravages—the North Shore. A very con- siderable fire was burning yesterday afternoon, at about a mile and a half from the ferry at Blue's Point. Under the influence of the strong breezes of yesterday the flame extended its course rapidly, bearing, as might be expected, towards the waters of Port Jackson and the upper branches of Middle Harbour. The under- wood, which was destroyed by the fires of last year, has been replaced by a thicker and fresher growth, and this being very dry facilitates the progress of the fire. The fire was pursuing a direction in which there are few or no houses ; but there is much reason to fear that, from the causes before alluded to, the sphere of its destructive influence may be extended, while the slightest change of wind may carry it in a direction where it may produce incalculable injury. All those who have a low and inflam- mable scrub in the vicinity of their habitations should lose no time in preparing for the fearful visitation of a bush fire. A little exertion at the present time may perhaps save them from utter ruin a month hence. A space should be cleared all round the fencing, or at all events there should be such a clearing in the vicinity of the buildings. The width of the cleared space must depend upon the height of the surrounding scrub. But there are few living in the bush who are not well acquainted with the precau- tionary means which are most effectual in such cases. Our object, therefore, is not so much to give instruction as to urge the necessity of taking these precautions without delay. Set- tlers are but too negligent in this way. In the first place, they hope that fire will not visit them at all, and, secondly, they trust in their ability, if it should so visit them, to save their property by immediate exertion, such as thrash- ing the burning grass with green boughs and the like.—Herald, Nov. 28. THE GUARD HOUSE.—We believe the report respecting the erection of a new guard house in George-street originated in some mistake ; we understand that it will probably be placed on the north side of the new square, near the old Brigade Office. It is probable that the report arose from the government having de- clined to pull down the old guard house for the present, so that the remainder of the George street allotments cannot immediately be brought into the market.—Herald. Artesian Well.—We understand that the works in the Sydney gaol, for sinking the artesian well, have been stopped in consequence of the death of the overseer, no other competent person having yet offered himself for the vacant situation.—Bell's Life. MR OAKES.—Mr. George Oakes, M.C., we are happy to state is now convalescent. The injuries he received were more serious than we described on a former occasion. The bones of his elbow were dislocated ; but good attendance has at length enabled Mr. Oakes once more to leave his room, and enjoy a little airing in the garden.—Herald, Nov. 30. BITE OF A SNAKE.—On Tuesday morning last, about eleven o'clock, a young man named George Lock, a native of Wilberforce, while mowing in a field, had occasion to lay down his scythe in order to get a wedge from an old stump where he had previously laid it. On taking the wedge from the stump it fell from his hand, and stooping to take it up he was seized on the heel of the right hand by a large black snake ; the reptile adhered to his hold so strongly that the young man was compelled to use his left hand to draw it off. He immediately ran home, a distance of some five hundred yards, had the piece cut out, and burnt or blasted with powder. Dr. Day was afterwards sent for, and administered to him. He was very drowsy and unwell during the remainder of the day and night. We are however happy to find he is out of danger.—Windsor Telegraph, Nov. 30. WINDSOR—THE CROPS.—We continue to re- ceive the most dismal accounts from all quarters from the farmers. The wheat, with the excep- tion of some portions in the immediate vicinity of Windsor, is completely destroyed, chiefly with rnst. In most instances it will have to he burnt.—Herald correspondent. GOULBURN.—THE WHEAT CROP.—On the evenings of the 17th and 18th instant, there was a very general frost in this district, which has materially affected the corn, much of which will be lost; the potatoes have also been injured, but will recover. The early wheat in several places has suffered so much as to require it to be cut down for hay ; we had no frost for more than two months previous, and every thing had a most promising aspect till the frost came. We believe that there was a fall of snow at Mr. Styles', Bullimilito, last week. Thursday, Fri- day, and Saturday, last week, we had a suc- cession of hot winds, which have done great injury to the wheat crop ; in many places it has a parched and withered appearance; we are sorry to hear that there will be a deficient crop; ali beyond Yass, Maneroo, and the Lower Murrumbidgee, there is great want of rain ; within the last few days a great change has taken place in the appearance of the country about Goulburn ; the feed is beginning to be burnt up.—Herald Correspondent. SALE OF TOWN ALLOTMENTS.—There was a sale of crown lands, consisting of twenty-five allotments iu the town of Goulburn, and two thirty-acre farms near Lake George, all of which were sold. The sum realised was £355. Notwithstanding the number of allotments re- cently sold in this town the several lots bronght good prices ; some went very high. The utility of putting up these lots in the township is being demonstrated at every sale.—Herald Goulburn Correspondent. MINE.—The Walla Walla Mine is fully realis- ing the expectations entertained by its fortunate purchasers ; we believe there are 30 tons of ore already raised.—Herald's Goulburn Correspon- dent. BATHURST.—FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Sunday last a distressing accident, which unfortunately terminated fatally, happened to a boy about thirteen years of age named John Griffin, re- siding at Charles Parker's, on Campbell's River, about fifteen miles from Bathurst. It appears that on Sunday Parker left home for Bathurst, and shortly after his departure the deceased and Matthew Ryan, the son of a neighbour, a lad of about the same age as Griffin, were playing together, Ryan having in his hand a fowling piexe, which it seems was at the time loaded. The muzzle of the gun must have been pointed towards Griffin, when it accidentally exploded, lodging in the front part of the unfortunate boy's body, on the lower right side, breaking in its course one of the ribs, and penetrating the liver. Information was speedily conveyed to Bathurst, when Dr. M'Hattie promptly attended, and the sufferer was brought into the town the same evening. The accident was of too serious a nature to allow of any hopes being enter- tained of his recovery,: and on Wednesday morn- ing he expired, having previous to his decease made a dying declaration before G. Busby, Esq., J.P, in which he entirely exonerated the lad Ryan. An inquest was held on his remains by Mr. Johu Sutherland, coroner, on the afternoon of the day on which he expired, and the verdict recorded was—Accidentally killed by a shot from a gun.—Herald Correspondent. 