LOCAL. GOLD IN VAN DIEMEN'S LAND.— Letters have been received in town announcing the discovery of gold within four miles of Fingal, by James Grant, Esq., of Tullochgorum. The following is an extract of a letter from a gentleman in the neighbourhood, dated 16th instant. "Gold has been found within four miles of Fingal; I saw it myself, the largest bit was the size of a duck shot—the other pieces smaller. Mr. Grant dug it and washed it himself." THE CHIEF POLICE MAGISTRATE has proceeded to George Town on a tour of inspection. Mr. John McKindy Nelson has been appointed Clerk of Police at Sorell, vice Mr. Innes, resigned O'MEAGHER'S ESCAPE.— On Saturday morning the 3rd January, Mr. O'Meagher sent in to the Police Magistrate of Campbell Town the formal resignation of his parole. The letter was couched in the following terms:—"Lake Sorell, Saturday, January 3rd, 1852. SIR,— I regret that circumstances, of a private and very pressing nature, have urged upon me the necessity of resigning my ticket-of- leave, and withdrawing my parole. I write this letter, therefore, for the pur- pose of respectfully apprising you, that after twelve o'clock to-morrow I shall not consider myself bound by the obligation which that parole imposes. It is but right and fair to state also, that should you con- ceive it your duty to take me into custody before the expiration of the time I have indicated, I shall, as a matter of course. regard myself as fully absolved from the restraint which my word of honour to the government at present inflicts.— I have the honour to be, Sir, with sincere respect, your obedient servant, (Signed) THOMAS FRANCIS O'MEAGHER To Thomas Mason, Esq., Police Magistrate of the district of Campbell Town." Mr. O'Meagher remained all day, reading and writing in his cottage, until about five o'clock, when he went out for a stroll, accompanied by a gentleman on a visit to him. He had not gone many yards when he met a party of friends on horseback, who having heard of the resignation of his parole, had has- tened up to meet him, and kindly tender their advice. After partaking of some refreshment they walked about the bush and shores of the lake, and were engaged in merry conversation, when one of Mr. O'Meagher's ser- vants brought word that the chief district constable and another constable had arrived, and were then seated in the kitchen. A hasty consultation was then held as to what step was most advisable for Mr. O'Meagher to adopt, when it was decided that in a body they should ride down towards the cottage, and when within musket- range Mr. O'Meagher should advance, call for the dis- trict constable, and announcing his name, inform him of his purpose to escape. Accordingly the entire party proceeded towards the cottage; Mr. O'Meagher pulled up, and called upon Mr. Durieu, the chief district con- stable, to appear. That gentleman and his companion then made their appearance at the end of the cottage, and stood motionless there. Mr. O'Meagher then ex- claimed in a loud and distinct voice: ''Mr. Durieu,you have come to arrest me. I am here, I am O'Meagher. Catch me if you can." Three hearty cheers then broke upon the air; the entire party turned their horses' heads, and, plying whip and spurs, dashed of at their topmost speed. —Launceston Examiner, Feb. 14. REV. Dr BROWNE'S GLEBE.—The Cornwall Chronicle says, that for several years the glebe was let by. Dr. Browne, to Mr. Patterson, solicitor, for upwards of £1100 per annum. MILITARY — WAR OFFICE, OCT. 14. —99th Foot. — Lieutenant-General Sir J. Hanbury to be Colonel, vice Lieutenant-General Sir Howard Douglas, Bart., and G. C. B., removed to the 15th Regiment Foot. Hospital Staff.— Assistant- Surgeon T. Guy, M.D., from 11th Foot, to be Assistant-Surgeon to the Forces. Assistant-Surgeon Young is appointed to the 11th. Oct. 17 — 51st Foot. — Ensign F. C. Kennedy, to be Lieutenant by purchase, vice Ross, who retires; Second Lieutenant H. T. Trafford, from the Rifle Brigade, to be Ensign, vice Kennedy. 96th Foot — T. B. Kirk, Gent., to be Ensign, vice Fold, promoted. 99th Foot — E. G. K. Ravenhill, Gent., to be Ensign by purchase, vice Crowdy, appointed to 32nd Foot. SHOCKING ACCIDENTS.— On Friday, the 6th instant, as Mr. Isaac Pooler was returning from Delo- raine to his farm at Dairy Plains, near the Red Hill, a fallen tree was on the road with the jagged part of the root upwards. Mr. Pooler was in the habit of riding at a smart pace. It is supposed that a projecting part of the root caught his leg as he was riding, and threw him off his horse; he was found insensible with a severe frac- ture on his head. On Saturday he was removed to the Plough Inn, Deloraine, he has not recovered his speech, and very little hopes are entertained of his recovery. Mr. Pooler is a fine young man, having been used to a seafaring life, and brother of Mr. Pooler of Longford. ...On Saturday, Robert Wignal, a shepherd in the employ of Wm. Archer, Esq., of Cheshunt, was return- ing home upon the top of a loaded dray: about four miles from Deloraine; the dray upset, and passing over his neck, killed him immediately. The man had been drinking on Deloraine Township for two or three days, and was accompanied by his dog. The body has been removed to the Deloraine police station to wait the coroner's inquest, which will sit on the body on Monday the 9th instant. The faithfulness of the shepherd's dog is very remarkable: when his master was killed, the dog still remained with the body, and would not leave it, and now remains where his master's body is deposited at Deloraine. —Communicated. The accident mentioned as having happened to Mr. Isaac Pooler, brother of Mr. Pooler of Longford, has had a fatal issue. —Examiner. NOTHING LIKE LEATHER.— The journeymen shoemakers have struck work because the masters had, in consequence of the unfavourable intelligence from Port Phillip with respect to the market prices of boots and shoes, deemed it expedient to reduce the present extravagant rates of payment to journeymen, so as to enable them to manufacture at a reasonable rate. For some time past they have been receiving 6s per pair for making strong boots, for which they received formerly 2s 6d per pair, and other work was paid for in proportion, so that a steady workman would be able to clear 11s per day. The increased price of kip leather, which has risen about 110 percent., makes it impossible to supply the working man of this colony at these prices with a pair of boots for less than 15s; while after exportation to Port Phillip boots only bring 13s 6d. ln consequence of the proposed reduction, the journeymen held a meeting at two o'clock in the afternoon of Monday, at which about two hundred were present, when a price list was deter- mined upon, and a delegate appointed to confer with the masters, who held a meeting at four o'clock on the same day, at which they also drew up a list. The delegate waited upon them with a list, which was considered highly exorbitant, but to the greater part of it they agreed, and offered 4s 6d per pair for making strong boots, ex- clusive of closing, and 5s for kangaroo ditto. The jour- neymen have refused to accept those prices, and are not at work. SELECT COMMITTEES.— In a pamphlet pub- lished in England, Sir Andries Stockenstrom shows that the Parliamentary inquiry into the Caffre War was so conducted as not only to fail in the disclosure of truth, but absolutely to prevent it. "On the 26th of June, I appeared upon summons before the Select Com- mittee, and then found the Blue-book of the 23rd of June damp from the press. I opened this book at a let- ter of Sir G. Napier's. I was directed to read it; so it got inserted in my evidence. At the close of this day's examination, I was asked whether I had any further in- formation to give. Besides my former communications, to which I had already referred the Committee, I had nothing more to say, particularly if the inquiry was to be continued at the Cape. But a few days later, I pur- chased the Blue-book of June 23, and on close exami- nation found not only that Sir G. Napier's letter was not there, as it was handed to and read by me on the 26th —THAT IN FACT IT WAS MUTILATED— but other important docu- ments were there with the most vital passages suppressed, and many others were not there at all: whilst I heard upon good authority that the inquiry was closed, and that the Committee was drawing up its report to the House." Sir Andries sent in a letter of remonstrance; the inquiry was resumed, and he was again summoned before the Committee on the 30th of July. "Sir Joshua Walmsley showed me a string of questions which he was going to put to me. Most ot them were to the point; but I had hardly repeated my declaration, that the measures of Government had caused the war — that its injustice to the Tambookies, particularly the massacre of men, women, and children, at midnight, in Guada's Kraal, living, unsuspecting, under the protection of our diplomatic agent, had exasperated that tribe against us, and that documents which aught to have been before the Committee were in Downing-street, when the Under-Se- cretary cleared the room; and when the public was re- admitted, we found that Sir Joshua was not allowed to continue his interrogatories, and that the general question, "Have you any further information to give?" was substi- tuted. * * * I simply answered, that there was a great deal more to be said, but that that ought to be said on the spot, where all parties concerned might be heard; and that if this were not done, I was bound to declare the whole inquiry incomplete." Down to the 1st October, the date of his pamphlet, Sir Andries Stockenstrom had no opportunity of correcting this latter evidence —it was "not yet out"— and he naturally declines to be respon- sible for its correctness. FIRE.— Yesterday evening, (says the Examiner of the 14th instant), about ten o'clock, a fire broke out on some property belonging to Mr. Wildey, situated near the Church of England burying-ground. Some out-buildings, hay, und grain were destroyed. A large body of the police remained to render assistance until daylight this morning; and two men are in custody on suspicion of setting fire to the property, which is insured in the Derwent andd Tamar office for £400. SUDDEN DEATH.— Mr. Byron, for many years attached to the Police, and for a considerable time past Chief District Constable at Richmond, died suddenly at that township on Monday morning last. ABSCONDING.— Yesterday's Gazette conveys the information that nine prisoners of the Crown employed on the public establishments of the colony have absconded during the week. One was employed as a watchman at the Prisoners' Barracks, two in the police, one at the Engineer Department, three from the Swamp gang at Launceston, and two from the gang at the Cas- cade Factory. EXTENSIVE BUSH FIRES.— The bush-fires of Thursday week were attended with very disastrous effects in the Huon district. The huts of Mr. John Watson at Long Bay, containing carpenter's tools and block timber, were burnt; at the Buoys, the house and property of Mr. Drury were destroyed, loss unknown; also the huts and goods of Samuel Crisp, Charles Harwood, Timms, John Firth, Nibbs, —John Firth also lost 7 tons of hay. At Flower Pot Bay, two huts and goods, 1 ton of hay, and 5 tons potatoes, the property of a person named McCulloch, were lost; and at Robert Knight's 30,000 feet gum planking. The barn, potatoes and hay belonging to Mr. Latham at Franklin, £25 of wheat and £5 potatoes belonging to Mr. Worsley at North-west Bay, were also destroyed, and the fencing of Mr. Bushell. At Brown's River, Mr. Jarman's fenc- ing was burnt down, and crop of potatoes destroyed. At Peppermint Bay, a quantity of timber and six huts, the property of Mr. Miles, were lost, and the saws, clothes, and bedding of John Hull, —James Brennan was also a sufferer. The hut, clothes, bedding, and pro- visions of William Pittaway of Peppermint Bay, value £20, were lost, and himself and wife very much hurt. Their faces were burnt in a most dreadful manner —from the hand to the elbows presented an appearance resem- bling a burnt stick— their faces were completely charred. They would have burnt to death but for the efforts of a ticket-of-leave man named Hull, who, wrapping himself in wet blankets, rushed into the burning hut and successfully carried out Pittaway and his wife from the flames. They are now lying in a deplorable condition in Mr. Davy's house at Peppermint Bay, who, with his wife, have shown the unfortunate people the greatest kindness. A subscription has been set on foot in the Huon district for their relief. The Rev Mr. Freeman, Mrs. Freeman, and other charitable persons at Brown's River have sent wearing apparel, tea, sugar, &c;, for them. The house and crops of C. Harrison, Esq , at Brown's River, were saved owing to the exertions of Mr. District Constable Berresford, a constable, and two of Mr. Jackson's men. The losses sustained by the per- sons enumerated, as far as known, extend from £3 to £30 and upwards. In many instances no information can be gleaned as to the value. POLICE.— Mr. John McGuiness has been appointed district constable at Hobart Town, vice Mr. Thomas Sharpe, resigned ; Mr. James Frances has been appointed district constable at Morven, vice Mr. Ken- nedy Murray, on leave of absence. RUM SEIZED.— A case containing fourteen bot- tles of rum has been lately seized at Port Arthur, and will be sold by auction, by order of the Chief District Constable, on the 6th proximo, at Mr. Worley's auc- tion mart. TESTIMONIAL.— On Thursday evening, the members of the Wesleyan Society invited Mr. and Mrs. Cocker to take ten in the Patterson-street School Room, previous to their departure for Melbourne. The Rev. E. Sweetman presented to Mr. Cocker, on behalf of the society, as a token of respect, a handsomely bound pocket Bible, with Wesley's Hymns attached. Mr. C. is a local preacher of some talent among the WesIeyans, and is highly esteemed by that body. —Examiner. CRICKET.— A match between some gentlemen of the Launceston and Country Clubs, and the Colle- gians, was played at Bishopsbourne on Wednesday. The bishop, the archdeacons, and several clergymen were amongst the spectators. The collegians were beaten by above 100 runs. —Examiner. ERUPTION OF A VOLCANO.— We leam from a gentleman just returned from Hawaii, that the action in the crater on Manua Loa has resulted in an extensive eruption of molten lava, which is flowing off in a south- west direction of about three miles in twenty-four hours. Its appearance from on board ship, at a distance of 60 or 70 miles, was sublime and grand beyond description. From the course taken by the stream it is thought it will reach the sea somewhere to the southward of Kealakekua. Several gentlemen have left Honolulu io witness this wonderful eruption, which it is quite probable will con- tinue to flow for several weeks to come. —Polynesian. A SEALER resident on Clarke's Island reports a schooner, about 200 tons, lying high and dry on that island, having been run on shore by people supposed to be escaped from this colony. She is empty, and sound; her ballast has been thrown out, supposed in attempt to lighten her to get off. —Cornwall Chronicle. DEATH OF ROACHES.— A correspondent of the New York Express gives the following recipe for the destruction of cockroaches. Place a basin of strong suds, sweetened with molasses, on the floor every night, with a wet cloth on the floor, the edge on the basin, for easy access to the water. By this means they will soon be entirely destroyed. MISCELLANEA.— One hundred and fourteen bushels of bArley, 495 bushels maize, 1809 bushels oats, and 11 tons flour have been exported from this port; and 2956 bushels oats, 178 tons 7 cwt. flour, from Launceston, since last Customs' Returns. . . . At a meeting of Justices at Pontville, on the 10th instant, Christopher Denton was allowed to transfer his licence for the Royal Hotel, Bagdad, to Thomas West. . . . The pound which was lately kept by Mr. John Lawson in the Police District of Morven has been abolished, and another erected by proclamation con- tiguous to the Probation Station at Breadalbane. . . . The Trustees of the Longford Roads wish to raise £500, for which 10 per cent. will be.given. . . The insolvency of Mr. Benjamin Hyrons has been superseded. 