LETTESj^OP YI§IL..-No. V: [ ^ BespoisSible Government I what is it ?— A Gotvern §»4nV whoso acts are directed and controlled by the people,-as expressed hy the votes of their representa- - tives. with the maiority of whom it must be in gene ral accord. Such a government woum oe impotent . ifthj whole revenues of the province were nut inrits charge ; and hence the association 'with1 this principle , . of the resignation of the land fun3, unrestricted and for ever to the disposal of the colony. It~ts a great and unexpected boon oh the part of .the British Ministry, this act of the Crown, as the Head of the J^mpire, giving up its cf\vn territorial rights.! The property in the soil vests originally in some compe tent power, aud we recognise it as existing in the Sovereign by paying for our own share of it; jand . certainly the proprietor, by such means, acquires no more rights thau he purchases. Th,o Crown, vtihen, makes no trivial surrender, '?''; when it yields up to^. those who have settled on its .itfrids-, and proved th&£W . value, the unlimited and free possession of the whole^ country they inhabit, permitting the proceeds of all future sales to be devoted to local improvement, under their own direct management. . If, in the entire relinquishment of this power, the Imperial Parliament shall see fit to. insist on a course which, in its judgment, shall iusure the colony against a too ready abandonment to democratic tendencies, by re taining some slight influence in an Upper Chamber, there ought to be a ready and cheerful acquiescence on our part in so prudent and beneficial an arrange ment; The right proposed to bo conceded, of tho whole revenue to our own disposition, is of too,gceat value to be jeopardized by resistance to ouo- part of the Dargaiu. Some of our popular, oratoeff ao;..-not seeni to estimate the gift sufficiently. The land fund, for the pay t, six months of this year, exceeds ONE HUNDRED AND FOItTT THOUSAND POUNDS; anil there is no probability of its tailing off in the present half-year. Now it must be borne iu mind that, devoting one-half of this large sum to the emigration fund, the. remainder would be applicable to purposes . of local improvement, while the control, if vestod in the representative body, could, under no contingency, be misapplied. . ' ? .: . ? :;. ,. ? Government of necessity includes administrative officers. In Britain, the administration of 'the ; dfty divides the various departments of publio affairs among its leaders. They are uolccted by Her Ma jesty from the party which, possessing a majority iu the House of Commons, is presumed to express tho opinion of the country. Iu a great nation, whoro important and vital questions affecting the interests of millions, and, involving the maintenance of amica ble relations with other States, arc always operating to produce great diversities of sentiment and different lines of policy, changes in the Ministry iwevitably follow decisiya adverse votes of tho Lower Home ;- but it almost provokes a nmile to think what greac topics can possibly arise iu our, colonial policy tu render' such official alterations either necessary or justifiable. The only .question which could, reasbu ably admit of so decked a step— the expediency qf public grants for religious objects — is generally ad mitted to be finally settled ; aud I am at a loss to know why, supposing tuti (jrovernmeut outvoted oh a fiscal question, or upon a Bill for a lightliousc'or ft new railway, or for, an improved Licousod Victuallers Act, they must resign. The only resignation re quisite is that of ready submission to* thu disappoint* ment. The policy must bo changed, not tho men. If the principle of- vacating office is to rule at all» it must be confined tefcases affecting some great prin ciple: if the propositions of the Executive be nega- ' tiyed, yet, .if the officials. are ready to submit to tho policy indicated by the House, thuioian be no reason for retirement. The member for, East Torruns is dreadfully alarmed lest the Lower Chamber should become a scene of mere party strife of the worst kind, because involving no principle; while itPublicpla ' seems to have a prophetic eye to the future; When some South Australian Chancellor of the Exchequer will be puzzling his brains for new projects to meefc-a defalcation in the revenue, which shall be more - acceptable to the plebeians than those of his; pre- decessor. ? : If, as a general principle, it is desirable that the ,' officers of Government- should be elected- 'by , the -H)ji- ? Btituencies, it is. obvious also that, in. cotumiMiitwi like ours, circumstancei may arise by whioh-aU'-will be excluded; iu. such- a case I apprehend that, as the' business of the colouy must bo carried on, pro vision must bo made for such officials to have seats without, votes. The whole machinery must, other wise come to a stop, arisiug, probably, uotl froin any . adverse leeling to the individuals, bot from 'tUat stolidity which frequently leads electora to refusp to - be represented by men holding place. .. ''/'t':'i .-' '''''^ '?'*' A South Australian Ministry, if so dignified a term ? is to be applied to such a shadow of a Cabinet, must comprise the. Colonial Secretary, the Treasurer, the Surveyor-General, and tho Advocate, as the headfl'of the i several departments. I deem the Colleotor'of Customs better engaged in tho discharge, qf;~his proper duties thau in ,the Legislative Assembly. Thero can be no need for two persons to roproBQnt our finauce; nor ought there there to I3oaijy poBr sibility of auy changes affecting. such au^dflicer, on whose practical knowledge of ali the branches of his important station. so much depends, and whose ire-v quent removal would be a positive evil. ? . . The assembled yeomanry at Gawler Town seem to biYo arrived at the conclusion that we coqld go on very well as we are for some time to come ; in which I moBt fully concur. They exorcise a modest judgment when they assert that, as we are after all Only JjqtiiU valent to a third-rate provincial town in point of pppur ' lation, we cannot bo iu need of forty- eight motnbvJrH to represent us and conduct our affairs. There 'la - good deal of truth in the deduction, only th.ey mqst recollect the conttpl of th.e land fund and the res.t of the scheme are part and parcel, Mr. Duffield thinki indeed the expenditure of this largo sum would ha a - doubtful good,, in which I do not agree j' and moreover it will be unlike all public money ~ I ever heard of, if it be not vpted away. Tljat much of the opposition a.r|aes from: an opnoBite extreme, and from a disposition tothinkourselves very imporlaut, is 1 think as evident. Where one speaker is modest like Mr. D. in his estimate of South Aus tralia, unhappily too many resninble those stefcora ceous aspirants for celebrity, who, finding themselves afloat in good company, cried out exultingly, ' Hovv we apples swim.' The general character qf the meeting claims our respect, aijd \ only regret that the medical gontloman, not a J.V., should havo deemed, jt too good ah occasion to pass without presenting to us. ' one of those peculiar specimens of Hibernian eloquence, * full of sound and fury, signyfytog nothing ;» whioU delights in clap-frap and exaggeration, Witli abun danca of assertion and little argument : a scathing eort of oratory, which always reminda me of a bush fire— alarming in its aspect, rapid in its appTqa/jh, ? ruthless in its progress, but leaving you r/hou it has passed with an uncomfortable sonse of suffocation In the throat, a strong atanoli of nm-jlce iu thu nostrils, and a feeling that you have a desolate prospect. T**o ' free bestowul of titular appellations on certain colijv nuts was neither original nor happy: it was cleverly done by Mr. G. Elder tb,ni(j years sit\co, and wittlL not bear repetition, especially with the addition oir^* coarspne§s and vulgarity. Uurs is an anomalous poaition ; such I believe aa was neyer occupied by auy people. Our Govern' ment pro.ffers to us an amount of freedom and power, which we are consoious is beyond our ability to exer cise for our own advantage ; aud yet wo combinei with our sense of deficiency, a disposition to grasp at even more than is offered. At this very m.--raerU seats in the Legislative Council are at adisQonnt,au4»-* electors take the candidate they can get, not the one they would have, Why is this? ; Partly from a, dis inclination to. sacrifice private interests to the publio good; hut chiefly from a natural reluctance to sub mit to that insolent and repulsive exhibition iu which it is tbe pleasure of the populace to indulge, and in which they are encouraged by* men vvhjse station ought to ha,vc taught them better. No ono with any self-respect or right fading who witno.ssod the recent display of this kind at the election of Mr. Fisher could be otherwise than disgusted, and compelled to doubt whether the high and important truat of the suffrage could be safely committed to a mob. ; ; . ? VIGIL. Me. Hill's Lectuke. — Mr. Hill delivered hid second lecture ou elocution last evening in the Exchange to a respectable audience, liis illua tralions were judiciously selected, aud he was greeted, in their recitation, by repeated rounds of applause. We thought him most effective iu (he Dream of Eugene Aram, and Hood'g , serio-eoauo Address to his Child. 