LETTERS OP VIGIL.—No. V. Responsible Government! what is it ?—A Govern ment whose acts are directed and controlled by the people, as expressed by the votes of their representa tives, with the majority of whom it must be in gene ral accord. Such a government would be impotent if tho whole revenues of the province were not in its charge; and hence the association with this principle of the resignation of the land fund, unrestricted and for ever to the disposal of the colony. It is it great and unexpected boon on the part of the British^ Ministry, this act of the Crown, as the Head of the1 Empire, giving up its own territorial rights. The property in the soil vests originally in some compe tent power, and we recognise it as existing in the Sovereign by paying for our own share of it; smfl certainly the proprietor, by such means, acquires no more rights than he purchases. The Crown, then, makes no trivial surrender, when it yields up to those who have settled on its lauds, and proved their value, the unlimited and free possession of the whole country they inhabit, permitting the proceeds of all future sales to be devoted to local improvement, under their own direct management. If, in the entire relinquishment of this power, the Imperial Parliament shall see fit to insist on a course which, in its judgment, shall insure the colony against a too ready abandonment to democratic tendencies, by re taining some slight influence in an Upper Chamber, there ought to be a ready and cheerful acquiescence on our part in so prudeut and beneficial an arrange ment. The right proposed to be conceded, of the whole revenue to our own disposition, is of too great value to be jeopardized by resistance to one part of the bargain. Some of oar popular orators do not seem to estimate the gift sufficiently. The land fund, for the past six mouths of this year, exceeds ONE HUNDEED AND FOETV THOUSAND FOUNDS; and there is no probability of its falling off in the present half-year. Now it must be borne in mind that, devoting one-half of this large sum to the emigration fund, the remainder would be applicable to purposes of local improvement, while the control, if vested in the representative body, could, under no contingency, be misapplied. Government or necessity includes administrative officers. In Britain, the administration of the day divides the various departments of public -affaire among its leaders. They are selected by Her Ma jesty from the party -which, possessing a majority in the House of Commons, is presumed to express the opinion of the country. In a great nation, where important and vital questions affecting the interests of millions, and involving the maintenance of amica ble relations with other States, are always operating to produce great diversities of sentiment anddifferenfc lines of policy, changes in the Ministry iuevitably follow decisive adverse votes of the Lower House; but it almost provokes a smile to think what great topics can ^possibly arise in our colonial policy to render such official alterations either necessary or justifiable. The only question which could reason ably admit of so decided a step—the expediency of public grants for religious objects—is generally ad mitted to be finally settled; and I am at a loss to know why, supposing the Government outvoted on a fiscal question, or upon a Bill for a lighthouse or a new railway, or for an improved Licensed Victuallers Act, they must resign. The only resignation re quisite is that of ready submission to the disappoint ment. The policy must be changed, not the men. If the principle of vacating office is to rule at all, it; must be confined to cases affecting some great prin ciple : if the propositions of the Executive be nega tived, yet, if the officials are ready to submit to the policy indicated by the House, there can be no reason for retirement. The member for East Torrens is dreadfully alarmed lest the Lower Chamber should become a scene of mere party strife of the worst kind', because involving no principle; while "Publicola" seems to have a prophetic eye to the future, when some South Australian Chancellor of the Exchequer will be puzzling his brains for new projects to meet a defalcation in the revenue, which shall be more acceptable to the plebeians than those of his pre decessor. If, as a general principle, it is desirable that the officers of Government should -be elected by the con stituencies, it is obvious also that, in communities like ours, circumstances may arise by which all will be excluded; in sucli a case I apprehend that, as the business of the colony must be carried on, pro vision must be made for such officials to have seats without votes. The whole machinery must other wise come to a stop, arising, probably, not from any adverse feeling to the individuals, hot from that stolidity which frequently leads electors to refuse to be represented by men holding place. A South Australian Ministry, if so dignified a terra is to be applied to such a shadow of a Cabinet, must comprise the Colonial Secretary, the Treasurer, the Surveyor-General, and the Advocate, as the heads of the several departments. I deem the Collector of Customs better engaged in. the discharge of his proper duties than in the Legislative Assembly There can be no need for two persons to represent our finance; nor ought there there to be any pos sibility of auy changes affecting such an officer, on whose practical knowledge of all the branches of his important station so much depends, and whose fre quent removal would be a positive evil. The assembled yeomanry at Gawler Town seem to have arrived at the conclusion that we could go on very well as we are for some time to come; in which I most fully concur. They exercise a modest judgment when they assert that, as we are after all only equi valent to a third-rate provincial town in point of popu lation, we cannot be in need of forty-eight members to represent us and conduct our affairs. There is a good deal of truth in the deduction, only they must recollect the control of the land fund and the rest of the scheme are part and parcel. Mr. Huffield thinks indeed the expenditure of this large sum would be a doubtful good, in which I do not agree; and moreover it will be unlike all public money I ever heard of, if it be not voted away. That much of the opposition arises from an opposite extreme, and from a disposition to think ourselves very important, is I think as evident. Where one speaker is modest like Mr. D. in his estimate of South Aus tralia, unhappily too many resemble those stercora ceous aspirants for celebrity, who, finding themselves afloat in good company, cried out exultingly, 44 How we apples swim." The general character of the meeting claims our respect, and I only regret that the medical gentleman, not a J.P., should have deemed it too good an occasion to pass without presenting to us one of those peculiar specimensof Hibernian eloquence, 44 full of sound and fury, signyfying nothingwhich delights in clap-trap and exaggeration, with abun dance of assertion and little argument: a scathing sort of oratory, which always reminds me of a bush fire—alarming in its aspect, rapid in its approach, ruthless in its progress, but leaving you when it has passed with an uncomfortable sense of suffocation in the throat, a strong stench of smoke in the nostrils, and a feeling that you have a desolate prospect. The free hestowal of titular appellations on certain colo nists was neither original nor happy: it was cleverly done by Mr. G. Elder three years since, and will not bear repetition, especially with the addition of coarseness and vulgarity. Ours is an anomalous position; such I believe as was never occupied by any people. Our Govern ment proffers to us an amount of freedom and power, which we are conscious is beyond our ability to exer cise for our own advantage; and yet we combine, with our sense of deficiency, a disposition to grasp at even more than is offered. At this very moment seats in the Legislative Council are at a discount, and electors take the candidate they can get, not the one they would have. Why is this ? Partly from a dis inclination to sacrifice private interests to the public good; but chiefly from a natural reluctance to sub mit to that insolent and repulsive exhibition in which it is the pleasure of the populace to indulge, and in. which they are encouraged by men whose station ought to have taught them better. No one with any sell-respect or right feeling who witnessed the recent display of this kind at the election of Mr. Fisher could be otherwise than disgusted, and compelled to doubt whether the high and important trust of the suffrage could be safely committed to a mob. VIGIL. Mules from Monte Video.—The shipment of mules per Malacca, for aecount of the Patent Copper Company — arrival elsewhere recorded — originally numbered 180; but so many of the ani mals died during a very boisterous passage, that only seventy were lauded at Port Wakefield. In South America especially, mules are found of great service as beasts of burden, and it is much to be regretted that the spiited attempt to introduce them here has not been successful to a greater extent. Fatal Accident.—On Thursday afternoon a man named Johan Miller, seaman, belonging to the Di ie Vriaiden, who had absconded from that vessel, aud shipped himself on board the Euphrates in the name of William Bertie, stating his age to be 30, fell from the topsail-yard (of the last-named vessel), and pitching on the rail, fell overboard. He was taken up by the mail-boat, bat life was extinct, his skull being almost split in two. The body was brought on shore, and first deposited at the Sema phore Hotel, but by the Coroner's orders it was re moved to the W barf Hotel, Port Adelaide, where an, inquest was intended be held. 