BUSH-FIRES. ALMOST all experienced colonists agree in predicting very extensive and disastrous fires throughout the country districts dur- ing the present summer ; and, although we have given frequent warnings upon the subject, we so fully coincide with those who see the probability of serious injury, that we wish to urge the subject in the most energetic manner upon the attention of all, that every possible precaution may be taken to avert the danger, if possible, or, at all events, to mitigate its effects. Amongst the mass of population which has poured into the colony daring the last two years, there are tens of thousands who know very little of what a bush-flre in Australia is; or, how frightful a thing, under certain circumstances it may be- come. And as their comfort, their pro- perty, and even their lives are at stake, it will only be an act of kindness to spprlse then of the danger upon the brink of which they may be slumbering. From the increase to our numbers, and the thicker settlement of tbe country, there is more danger of serious accident than ever was the case before,. and it is again increased by the fact of this summer being a very dry one, and succeeding one particularly cool and moist. The grass which grew freely and thickly all through last summer will have become so dried by the drought and heat of the present one, that the fires wliioh will ncceooirily occur will be far fiercer than is ordinarily the case. And those who recollect the terrors of the far famed "Black Thursday," and the misery and ruin which resulted from it, will have no inclination to witness such another con- flagration. Upon that frightful oocasion the hot wind blew during tho whole day with un- exampled itrength and intensity. The temperature, even when actually felt, appeared absolutely incredible. It struck one, when exposed to if, that no natural at- mosphere could possibly be so hot. Hut In fact the original heat of the wind was greatly increased by pissing over a vast extent of burning country ; and the air was in reality what it felt to be-a blast from a furnace. The whole country was overspread with a thick, lurid, mysterious ' smoke, which reached far out to sea, and in some localities produced, even early in the afternoon, an almost total darkness. The light ashes from the burning forest were actually deposited on the decks of vessels hundreds of miles from land. Millions of tons of the country were swept by the fire during that dreadful day; thousands of sheep, huddledl together, were smothered «ntl burnt as the» stood ; crop?, fenocs, paddocks, iticki, outbuildings, huts, and houscB, for miles together, were involve«! in ont lomrnon ruin ; sad anny human boinga wero hemmed in and bsrat to death Suorei of firmen and other« were «biolutcly left pennilei», without home», oltthe», or food, »nd the whole colony teemed with pirttoslar» of molt affeoting dlttttcr. It ii to prevent a repetition of tuth sad lionel ti these, that we now bring the ratt- ler prominently forward. The eajutlty that hi» onie happened hu gives ut no luiRiunity for the future. 1'xcaiiely whit took place on thtt awful d»y may take place again this week or nest. All the necessary dementi of dlauter ire reid* it hiRtl; ind probably in greater profuiion linn they wor« orer I'ouml In before. Tueidiy lut rrouli n;i re our lewly-wrltcd /rienda s ipeoimen of the io« ol' weather whioh we miy oeoiaionilly «xpeut during tho text two months ¡ ind upin my onu tuoh day, the diinteri of B'iok Tiiundiy miy be ropeited. Pew people that lure not hld ion« totuit ozpstionoe In luoh mittori oin thoroughly undenUnt what th« buih-flr« of âuiiri'li Ii, «nd how very greatly It ciffera in iiiteneity under different circum- stances. Whea the 'country is open, the grass A little green, and the air calm, tho bash-fire crcepi along slow y ¡und quietly, and miy be kept under readily enough, when advancing cow», da valuable property. But in »ii'iok soruis, or when the herbage is parched up, ind the wind high and from the north, I¿JB Are Bpreada with fearful rapidity : it runs along the ground, licking up the grasa almost aa if it were a train of gunpowder, and no earthly power can stay its progress. Under some cir oumstancca it will be arrested by a cattle track of a few inohes wide. Under other circumstance«, it will fly aorosa a river. On Black Thursday it came down upon the wind a perfect wall of fire, bliaing up to the topa of the treta, seorohing and suffo- cating the very birds themselves. Burning bark aad Aiming twigg blew on ahead ; and wherever they alighted, new centrea of flames burst out on til aides. . And io rapid was the march of this fearful foe ;'so vast the stridca wilh which he marohed upon hie victim, that the précautions ordinarily taken, even by the earcfu', were, in moat instanoea, utterly uteleii. A few furrows turned up round . homestead, or . little ring of ground carefully burnt for a few feet in width, were paued over as if they were not there at all, and.-the, gi ant. bounded upon his prey without deigning to notice any auch puny obstruction. The ra eena to be taJteB to, obviata all auch -disasters, are well enough known. Ground once burnt during the summer can scarcely eTer be burnt over again during the same leeson. The main thing is to take care thltjhe charmed «irele be made sufficiently tuirfe; and that it bt tom plete, io that the enemy .cinnot steal in at cay week point*. All those who hava stationl, itoekyards, or homestead« to protect, should see to this at once, and should take oare that they indi vtJur.Hi/ ate made secure, and are not in danger of being burnt out through the carelessness or ignorance of a neighbor. The burning should be done on a calm «lay, when the fire can be kept under tho reugh eontrol, if this be not taken care of, the very attempt to aecure property will, very probably, lead to iib destruction ; and innocent neighbors may bo involved in a lerioUB lose arising from auch negli- gence. All persons liable to my audden mis- fortune of this «ort are now, however fairly warned. it reata with them to laka all proper precaution*, and to take them at once. And ahou'd they neglect the warning we have given, they will not deserve much sympathy, if they come before the public a week or two hence, with a talc of ruin and disaster, petitioning for that assistance which, If possessed of ordinary prudence, they would never have rcqaired. 