SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The erection of the new Council Chamber was about being com- menced near the site of the present building. A public meeting had been held to memoralize the Home Government not to disallow that portion of the New Constitution Act which provided for the creation of a Nominee Upper House and a Civil List. Mr. Tolmer addressed a letter to the Governor, offering to com- mand an expedition into the interior for the purpose of exploring the country to the north-west of East Torrens. Several extensive bush-fires had taken place, by which great damage had been caused to property. John Granger, Esq., M.L.C., had resigned his seat in Council, previous to his departure for England. A narrow escape from drowning occurred to Messrs. H. Crocker and J. Beautin, two gentlemen residing at the Port, and Mr. Worsley, belonging to the ship Athelstane, who had been enjoying an aquatic excursion down the river. In consequence of some mismanagement, the boat was upset, and the three gentlemen were immersed in the water. Mr. Worsley, who clung to the boat, it is said, with a desperate tenacity, was rescued by a boat belonging to a Dutch vessel, while Mr. Walker, formerly connected with the Humane Society, was fortunate enough to rescue Mr. Crocker, Mr. Beautin having reached the shore unassisted. A gentleman from the north has written to inform us, that gold has been discovered in the neighbourhood of Kooringa. Our correspondent says : - ' The discovery was made by Mr. Logan, sheep farmer and by some of his men. One piece of gold was picked up, about half an ounce, and several nice little bits. Kopunda is all in a ferment ; people are just on the wing. But I .1 aKiiTCH FROM OUR SCRAP BOOK. shall report to you, in a day or two, progress, and the state of things here, and what we hear and see. I shall, no doubt, visit the field of action myself, and will let you know. Several parties have gone from here this morning, and more will leave to-morrow. Should you mention this in your paper, please let it be guarded, until we hear more about it. I know for a fact, that parties have left the Burra to give it a fair trial. - Register. NEWS FROM THE MURRAY.- Certain portions of the Govern- ment lands of the Albert District from the South Australian boun- dary to the Darling, and a short distance up the latter river, are likely to be thrown open to the public purposes. Messrs. Keane and Orr's station of Kulkyne, Victoria, has been offered for sale, with 20,000 sheep, price £1 per head, with the station given in. The navigation of the Murray is now quite the order of the day. Boats are frequently passing up and down. Several settlers have lately gone from the Murray for the purpose of purchasing store sheep in Bathurst and other districts in New South Wales, if pro- curable at a remunerative rate. Should purchases be made, the sheep will be shorn on the Murray, the wool will be sent to Adelaide, and the stock, when fat, to the Victoria gold fields. In the recent cases of murder on the Darling, we are happy to hear that the native police have acted remarkably well, and have quite justified the opinions expressed by some of the residents, that a few of them would be useful. The police patrol on the Victoria side of the river continues to go on satisfactorily. Dr. Muller, botanist, to the Victoria Government, has just paid a visit to the Murray and Darling, and expressed himself very much pleased, having discovered some new plants. He has since proceeded to Albury, and the sources of the Murray, in the Snowy Mountains, for the purpose of prosecuting further discoveries. Sheap-shearing is now completely finished. The prices paid have been from 25s. per 100 sheep, the-shearers being supplied with all necessaries.-Ibid. We are informed, says the Weekly Despatch, that the surveys on the Murray are rapidly progressing. There is said to be very con- siderable tracts of fine land on the eastern bank of the river ; but it is the very large extent of country running south from the Tung- killo, and now occupied merely as a cattle run, perhaps the finest and most valuable land in the district, which is most attracting the attention of settlers. This fine district will probably be imme- diately surveyed and thrown open to purchase. A destructive fire had taken place on the property of G. A. Austey, Esq., Yorke's Peninsula, by which wool of the estimated value of £1500 had been destroyed. An iron light-house has been contracted for in England for Trowbridge Shoal. 