jtoUiug Netos, MR. PARKES, M.C.-MEETINGOFTHE ELECTORS OF THE CITY OF SYDNEY. {Abridged from the Sydney papers, Dee. 19.) A meeting of the electors of the city of Sydney was held in the Victoria Theatre on Monday, on the invitation of Mr. Parkes, «ho proposed giving an account of his stew- ardship, as member for the city during the late session of the Legislative Council. Mr. J. K. Wilshire was called to the chair, who, after a few remarks, called on Mr. Parkes, who said that he had come before them in consequence of a promise he had made after the last election, that after the close of every session he would publicly come before the electors and give an explana- tion of his conduct. The last session had had been a long and arduous one, and had extended over 96 sittings, nearly all of which he had attended, and his name would be found in every division except two. He bad also been placed on twenty select commit- tees, and throughout the session had devoted from eight to twelve hours daily in his legis- lative duties. He was one of the ten who had voted that the estimates of expenditure should be sent back to the Government. The important question in relation to the ad- ministration of crown lands had several times been under discussion, and he had in- variably exerted himself for the amelioration of the system. He had been placed on the select committee of education, and had earnestly supported the recommendation, which had been carried, for the appointment of a commission to examine and inquire into the state of schools and education generally. He had also taken an active part in the establishment of a Grammar School in Syd- ney, which had proved successful. In legis- lating for the gold fields he had voted for the abolition of the license fee, us he thought that under an enlightened policy this coun- try would have been effectually peopled with- out sending away the money to be expended by an irresponsible commission in England. He had opposed the expenditure of £50,000 for a colonial mint, as he thought it would be useless, and that neither the commerce, population, or requirements of the colony required such an establishment; and that the money would have been better expended in improving the roads of the colony. He had been long opposed to the transportation system, and had cordially supported Mr. Nichols's motion that all conditional pardons should now be made absolute, considering it to be the final stroke in this struggle. He had opposed the motion for the additional salary of £25 to single and £50 to married clergymen, as he had thought it was no sufficient compensation for the degrada- tion of receiving charity from the state, and whilst he deeply sympathised with their distress he believed that they would be relieved by the members of their congrega- tions. He had voted against an increase to the salary of the Governor General, and also against the address praising him as the most constitutional governor who had ad- ministered the government of the colony. The most memorable debate of the session had been that on Mr. Cowper's motion of a want of confidence in the government, and he had supported that motion, as he con- ceived government business had been worse managed in all its departments than in any merchant's office in the city ; not however with any expectation of carrying it, but in order to protest against their proceedings. He had been placed on a committee to en- quire into the municipal government of the city, and had aided in fixing the city rate at Is. instead of 3s. He candidly admitted that he had introduced no great measures, but he had on all occasions voted conscien- tiously, and employed himself on many small matters. Among these little matters be had been successful in inducing the Go- vernment to establish a nautical school, which he hoped would be in full operation in twelve months. He had also succeeded in getting a person appointed to exumine and report on the sand drifts, the result of which would be Ihe discovery of some effec- tual remedy. He had further succeeded in originating the appointment of a commis- sion to inspect lunatic asylums of the co- lony. He did not mention these things in self commendation, but for the purpose of shewing that what he had attempted was practicable and calculated to correct abuses. In respect to the light-house at Gabo Island, be had brought that subject three or four times before the house, and had at last suc- ceeded in obtaining the appointment of a committee of inquiry. True that committee had censured the Government, but it was very slightly; the original paragraph of censure had been modified and cut down, word by word, until it attached very little blame indeed. In reply to a question why Mr. Parkes had sent for and imported Eurasian printers? the hon. gentleman said that for two years he had published the Empire under great disadvantages for want of hands, but when the men threatened to become the masters, he had written to his agent in London to engage compositors. For two months lon- ger he had struggled on, and when again beset with difficulties, through the caprici ousness of the men, he had told them that he had written to London for new hands, and was tauntingly answered that he would not get them. Finding himself thus called upon to decide whether a paper whose ex- penses were not less than £25,000 per annum should be ruined, he at once wrote to Madras for these Eurasians, who were not coolies, but well-educated and moral men, the sons of Englishmen, and had engaged and was paying them £4 per week, whereus the current rate of printers' wages in Sydney at present was only £3 I2s. After a scene of some confusion on this Eurasian question : Mr. M'Eachern proposed a vote of satis- faction with the conduct of Mr. Parkes as their representative, and confidence in his integrity and ability. The motion was seconded by Mr. D. Coughlan, and sup- ported by Mr. Hawksley, of the People's Advocate. After some remarks by Mr. Taylor in opposition, confined to the Eura- sian subject, Dr. Lang, hnving been called for, said that he entirely concurred with the resolution now proposed, although perhaps Mr. Parkes had not gone so far as he had done. He also quite agreed with the steps Mr. Parkes had taken in regard to the iu roduction of Eurasian labour. The resolution was then put and carried by a large majority, and after a vote of thanks to the Chairman, and three cheers for Mr. Campbell and Dr. Lang, the business ter- minated. Bush Fires.-The country immediately round Goulburn and for several miles beyond it in every direction, has for many days past been one continued blaze,of bush fires. We were Inclined to think at one time that the conflagration would equal that which took place in Geelong a few years ago. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon of Monday, the town of Goulburn was completely enveloped in smoke, driven in upon us by a series of cross currents of air. The bush on the ranges round the town was one general blaze for Beveral miles, and that part which appeared gloomy in the distance was smouldering and producing a suffocating smoke. In the neighbourhood of Gunning the fires raged j with great fury, and we have been assured by I an eye witness that he travelled 32 miles with almost insupportable bush-fires on each side of him. They extended from Mrs. Howell's station on the Brewer road to with- in two miles of Gunning. Instead of ap- proaching Gunning in a direct line,it wheeled off round towards the ranges, and after hav- ing devastated in that direction, it approached within two miles of Gunning, when it was stayed. We have been informed that two paddocks of wheat belonging to Mr. Rynn have been totally destroyed. - Goulburn Herald, Dec. 16. The New Bridge.-We understand the new bridge over the Mulwarree Pond will be opened on the 20th instant, on which occa- sion there will be some festivity. We learn that there will be a procession, and that the German band will be in attendance. We shall be able in our next issue to give our country readers a " fnll, true, and particular account" of the whole proceedings. In the mean time we beg to submit some particulars relative to this fine structure. The quantity of timber used for the bridge is 147,677 feet ; the length of the bridge is 515 feet; its breadth is 25 feet, and its height is 22 feet. On the Goulburn side there has been a cut- ting of 2650 yards of rock and iron stone, in order to make a road ùorn the bridge to the level, ascending by a gentle rising till it reaches the culminating point, and from thence to Goulburn by a level line of road. Goulburn Herald, Dec. 16. The Turon.-There is still a marked ten- dency towards improvement on the Turon, as the escort returns from Sofala fully de- monstrate. A greater degree of energy cha- racterises the operations of the diggers than usual. No doubt this is attributed to the in- fusion of new blood, and by the larger amount of means now at the disposal of the miners than hitherto. The Erskine Flat claims continue to yield tolerably well; other parts of the flat, apart from that at which the diggers are working, have been marked out in claims, and some have commenced sink- ing. The Eatons have been doing pretty well during the last two or three weeks ; one week they procured upwards of two hundred ounces, among which were several nuggets, the largest of which was 6 ozs. They have a mile and a half of the river engaged for dig- ging purposes, some portions of which are known to be very rich. At the Lower Turon there are about 200 at work in the river bed ; some are doing remarkably well, and all are obtaining gold in something more than re- munerative qualities. At Wattle Flat there is not much doing for want of water, but most of the diggers are digging out the wash- ing stuff, and leaving it in the vicinity of waterholes, until they are favoured with a shower of rain. A Mr. Granger picked up in his claim the other day a nugget weighing 14 ounces ; when broken it was found to con- tain 10 ounces of pure gold. The weather is dreadfully hot and sultry, and we are entirely surrounded by bush fires. Mrs. McCabe's station was nearly destroyed last week ; it required the most strenuous efforts to protect her dwelling from the fury of the raging ele- ment.-Correspondent of Bathurst Free Press, Dec. 16. Late Fire at Windsor.-Memorial to the Governor.-The inhabitants of Wind- sor forwarded on Monday last a memorial to the Governor, numerously signed by the most influential inhabitants, applying for the grant of a portion of land for the erection of a public hydraulic pump and fountain, in Windsor, and also a public weighing bridge for the use of the farmers and carriers. The necessity for the former has been rendered urgent owing to several alarming and dis- astrous fires which had lately taken place, and for the latter from the delay and incon- venience in getting the loading from these districts weighed at the Haymarket, Sydney. -Abridged from the S. M. Herald, Dec. 19. Braidwood, Dec. 15.-The weather for the last ten days has been oppressively warm, with occasional hot puffs of wind. What little herbage we had, from our late dry winter and backward spring, is fast dis- appearing, and I fear the stock will soon begin to suffer from the effects of the drought. With regard to the crops, although a larger than usual breadth of lund was sown this year than for some years back, few will be able to reap more grain than they sowed ; many of the wheat crops have entirely failed, and have been cut for hay ; some of the wheat is only in bloom, and were we favoured by a few heavy thunder showers, which in ordinary seasons we would be sure of having at this time of year, much good might yet be derived.-Herald correspondent. Petropolovskt.-We had news yesterday of an attack by the Allied Forces on Petro polovski or St. Peter and St. Paul (in 53-5 N., 15*9 E.), the nearest point of the Rus- sian Empire to ourselves. A short sketch of this settlement would perhaps be interesting to our readers. Petropolovski, in Kamts- chatka, was very little known until Captain Cook's expedition visited it in April, 1779; at which time the English and French were at war. It is situated in Awatska Bay, and was then represented as having only a few miserable log- houses and conical huts, about thirty in number. Kamtschatka was dis- covered and conquered by the Russians about the year 1700, at the present time con- tains about 6000 inhabitants. The country is a flat surface, excepting at the south point, which is covered with detached volcanic mountains, some of which rise to a great height. The climate is very severe, the win- ter lasting nine months in the year, and frost io not uncommon even in summer ; piercing winds and thick fogs are very prevalent. The population principally subsist by hunting and fishing. Their export goods consist of fox, sable, and other skins, whale oil, eggs, and fish. Their principal trade is carried on with Okhotsk, whence grain, sugar, &c;, are im- ported. The natives are represented to be of low stature, stout in the shoulders, dark lank hair, sunken eyes, and prominent cheek bones. From the manner in which Petro- polovski was defended it must be pretty well fortified, but as a strong force of the Allied fleets are again to attack it we shall no doubt soon hear of its capture.-S.JU. Herald, 19th December. Hay.-At a large sale of oaten hay, effected by Mr. Rishworth, yesterday, £17 10s. was obtained; for lucerne, £16 10s. Herald, Dec. 19. Diabolical Attempt to Destroy Life and Limb.-An outrage was perpetrated at the buildings in course of erection for the New Water Police Court, near the Circular Quay, on Sunday last, which was attended with circumstances of the most atrocious character. Mr. Dingwall, the builder en- gaged on the works, states that Mr. Clark, of the hotel in the vicinity of the building, in- forms him, that hearing a crash about noon on Sunday, he went out to see the cause, and perceived that it was occasioned by the falling of the standing beams, used in raising stones to the upper parts of the building, one of the beams being broken into three parts by the fall. On examining yesterday the ropes by which the beams had been preserved in an upright position, it was found that those were designedly cut through by a knife or other sharp instrument. Perceiving this, it immediately occurred to Mr. Dingwall that the individual whose evil disposition led him to be guilty of such mischief might have been guilty of a greater offence still, and he directed his son io examine the whole of the machinery and apparatus, when it was dis- covered thatthe supports, on which the work men were accustomed to stand, had been partially cut through, in such a way as to render it inevitable that the whole must have given way on being subjected to the ordinary pressure. We have not heard any probable motive alleged for the act ; but if we are cor- rectly informed as to the facts, which we have no reason to doubt, a piece of villany has been concocted and partially carried into effect, which seldom, if ever, has been sur- passed in this city. Mr. Dingwall has offered a reward of £20 for the detection of the guilty person or persons.-Empire, Dec. 19. Bathurst.-The Heat.-During the mid- dle part of the week the inhabitants of these regions have been breathing the atmosphere of a healed furnace. About 2 p.m. of Wednesday the thermometor ranged as high ns 100 ° in the shade, a hot wind from the westward prevailing at the time, and although the weather has been cooler since, it still re- mains quite hot enough for all purposes of ordinary existence. No doubt but the bush fires, of late raging on all sides, have con- tributed in no small degree to this intensely caloric condition of the atmosphere, as the plains are on every side surrounded by a belt of fire. But, whatever the cause, all traces of vegetation are fast disappearing from the surface of the earth, and in a few days the country herenbouts will assume a desert-like aspect.-Bat hurst Free Press, Dec. 16. Extraordinary Preservation. - The following very remarkable circumstance was communicated to us by a friend whose veracity is beyond dispute. Towards the lat- ter end of November a little girl, of about 7 years of age, named Elizabeth Kerr, was sent by her father, who resides on Isabella Creek, in the early part of the day to drive some horses down to his residence, when it appears, instead of proceeding towards home, the animals swerved and took another direc- tion. Not observing the circumstance the child mechanically followed, and herabsence shortly afterwards caused a degree of uneasi- ness as to her safety. A search was immedi- ately instituted, but unsuccessfully, and the alarm having been given, some score orso of the neighbours assembled and aided in the search. In this manner matters proceeded for four days with no better results, when imagining all chance of recovering her lost, she was regarded as one no more. On the seventh day of her absence however-that is after she had been lost six days and seven nights, a shepherd of Mr. Murphy's, when out with his sheep, observing something move on a rock at no great distance from Ballarow, approached the spot and found the missing child, who informed him that she had been absent from home about two days, and had during that time drunk of water several times. Singular to say, that although of a delicate frame, the poor emaciated crea- ture assisted the shepherd to drive home his sheep, and was in due course delivered in safety to her agonized parent, who had be- come reconciled to the idea that she was drowned or devoured by the native dogs. Bathurst Free Press, Dec. 16. Poisonous Fish -Yesterday the inmates of a respectable boarding-house in this city were thrown into a state of consternation by having as it appeared partaken of some poi- sonous mackerel, which had been served at breakfast, and from the effects of which they in a few hours began to suffer. The symp- toms which first appeared to awaken the fears of those who had eaten of the mackerel were, a burning heat in the face and swelling in the head ; some of the sufferers bathed their heads in water, but this it seems but aggravated the symptoms ; others, re- flecting that fish did not generally agree with them, tried the effects of a little brandy, but this was of no avail, and their illness con- tinuing several of them were compelled to abandon business and return home.-Empire, Dec. 20. Violent Assault.-Thomas Jones, re- manded from last week upon a charge pre- ferred by Serjeant Anderson of assaulting his wife, bp striking her and splitting her lip and cheek, was again brought up. The pro secutrix, who was unable to attend at the prisoner's first examination,) endeavoured to screen the defendant by alleging she had been intoxicated, and provoked bim when the assault was committed. Prisoner denied having injured his wife in the manner de- scribed, but admitted that he had struck her, and that she fell. The police magistrate, feeling satisfied that a very aggravated as- sault had been committed, sentenced Jones to one months' hard labour.-Empire, 20th December. 