THE TARRENGOWER GOLDFIELD. (From our own Bendigo Correspondent) Tarrengower.27th February, 1854 The newly discovered Goldfield at Bryant's Ranges has excited so much interest among those of our Bendigo residents who have paid it a visit that I determined to avail myself of the earliest opportunity of making some per sonal observations upon it, accordingly, on Monday, I set out from Bendigo, and after a few hours ride found myself in the heart of the populous and very dusty Tarrengower Diggings. In leaving Bendigo the comparatively de serted state of the diggings along Kangaroo Flat, in Adelaide Gully, and the Robinson Crusoe is very apparent. The vast extent of yellow mounds where so much bustle and acti vity formerly prevailed are now, in many cases. unenlivened by the presence even of a solitary Digger. The want of water, in the first in stance, but chiefly the attractions of Tarren gower, have almost depopulated this portion of the Bendigo. Many stores have been removed, and a large number have closed up for the pre sent; yet there is a vitality about the place, which shows that the glory has not altogether departed. Some Business is being done, and those who still remain have infinite faith in the recu perative energies of Bendigo. "When the Win ter sets in" say they, "we shall have the dig gers back". The ground is evidently not all worked and certainly very far from being all tried. with an abundance of water the surface stuff of the hills and slopes will still pay and then no other Goldfield presents such attractions for permanent residence as I was much surprised to observe that the country between Robinson Crusoe Gully and Bullock Creek, presenting every indication of being rich in Gold deposits, is altogether un tried. The road passes ridges of slate, asso ciated with quartz veins, and the ground in many places is strewed with quartz fragments. The country is undulating, the slopes sweep ing into gullies like those on the Bendigo, which are already famous. In fact, it is exactly similar to the country along Long Gully and Iron Bark. Towards Bullock Creek the ground has a less decided auriferous appear ance, but the nature of the underlying rock here is concealed by the thick deposit of earth and mould. Bullock Creek is a very pretty place doubtless in Spring; at present it has a very parched up appearance. At the point where the road meets it, the hills slope into the creek at a bold angle, and enclose a very beautiful secluded valley, in which, at present, there is a chain of excellent water holes. As we near the place which goes by the name of Happy Jack's, there are several dwellings, and some cultivated ground. The land here is not, however regarded as very good Agricultural land , and if it was there is very little extent of it. A few miles further down the Creek where the valley opens into a broad flat coun try there is some excellent land for Agricultural purposes. Happy Jack's is some ten or twelve miles from Bendigo. A few miles further on, the road leads us into a granite country, de noted by the hard ground, covered with coarse sand, and the appearance of granite. rock above the surface. We ascend a range of hills some distance further on, where there is a road going off to the right, towards the Kin gower diggings, a lofty black range of mount ains is almost in front of us and the road turns their left flank. These are Bryant's Ranges We are now on the tableland, which is tolera bly level; but the road is remarkably dusty and continues so , into the diggings, where the climax of dustiness is reached. This want of firmness in the ground, and its tendency to pulverise, is a remarkable feature in the country about the ranges, as compared with that about Bendigo. The district seems to be one peculiarly liable to bush-fires which constantly destroy a very prolific underwood. and hence the prevalence of dust. This is the idea which is suggested; but there are other ex planations just as likely. The ground seems to be of that description which in wet weather is rotten and boggy, and of course in dry is easily broken up. As the Tableland begins to descend, quartz appears along the road, and we gradually enter into a district where all the auriferous indications are strongly manifested. The country very much resembles that about Forest Creek. The gullies or valleys are nar row and the hills are small and somewhat abrupt, tossed up in apparent confusion, like the short edge in a confined channel. There is nothing of the majestic outlines of country observed at the Bendigo, the wide spacious valley's and the regular slopes of the hills. Keeping on the main road we strike in at the lower end of the diggings, where the road from Castlemaine comes in. Here we are some five and twenty miles from Bendigo by the road which we have come, and which is the route usually adopted by those travelling from that place. In the present weather this road is very good, but in winter it must be very diffi cult to travel over in many places, especially near Tarrengower. There of course two or three grog shops established along it which do anything but contribute to the safety and the "Pleasure of Travelling" by it. The Authorities should decidedly setup a patrol be tween Tarrengower and Bendigo and have a Police station at Kangaroo Flat Which is at present altogether------- to the necessities of the Police, could very well spare a couple of Police to do duty along one half of the road at least. The point at which the road comes into the dig gings, is the lower end of the main creek of gully called Long Gully which extends for two miles upwards to the place where the Commissioner's Camp is situated. At the head of this gully is a dividing ridge from which the ground slopes away towards the springs, and towards Growler's and Eagle Hawk Gullies. In Long Gully the chief portion of the trading population is situated. The nar row road covered with dust literally up to a man's knees, is lined on each side almost con tenuously with stores of every description, saloons, restaurants, eating houses, lemonade and beer shops, apothecaries' shops, and the tents of doctors, who, I am sorry to say drive a very lucrative business at Tarrengower. The dig gings are chiefly in the hollow of the gully which is very narrow except in one place where its widest, and it is known at this place by the name of Broad Point. They are not, however altogether confined to the creek,% but extend along the bank and some distance up the slope on both side of the road. The holes are of various depths, from 8 or 10 to 16 and 20 feet. The stuff yields in many cases 3 and 4 ozs. per load, but of course these in stances are not very numerous. Many are staking sluices, as is the case at all diggings. There is a very large quantity of washing stuff heaped up along the banks of the creek. A a great deal of it is surface earth, which it is suppo sed to turn out well. If the assertions of those who know Tarrengower pretty well are true, Viz% that in rainy weather the creek is liable to be flooded, these piles of washing stuff are many of them in a precarious position. The mounds of surface earth have been brought chiefly from the top of the low ridge which on the opposite side of the creek to the road,seper rates this gully from Growlers Gully. On this ridge there is a very rich auriferous quartz vein , and here many parties have worked perseveringly in breaking up the quartz with hammers, for the Gold contained in it. The quartz however, is chiefly looked after for specimens, but I understand that a digger has registered a claim on this quartz vein, which I suppose it is his intention to work. The sur the surface of the hill has been extremely worked, and the stuff piled for washing. Today I noticed a rush on a part of this ridge. The ground was quickly occupied by the diggers, who set about tearing up the surface and heaping up the washing stuff with the utmost industry. The cause of the rush was some persons getting a very good prospect out of a dish of stuff. Now there is no doubt, judging by this, that some of the claims will pay very well; but to suppose that all the piles will pay to wash is out of the question. There is not time or labor lost in securing the surface stuff by heaping it, and many of the diggers at Tarrengower do this on speculation. It is not to be supposed therefore that all the surface earth or even a majority of it will be washed, and in noticing the accumulation of earth, we must not be led away into exaggerated notions of the yield of this Goldfield, as regards the surface stuff. Still there can be little doubt that there is a very large portion of the ground which has good surfacing. Not only on this ridge between Long Gully and Growler's Gully but in the hill at the head of the Eagle Hawk, there is good surface earth, and a rich auriferous quartz vein also, which many persons have been working at. Growler's Gully is the name of the next gully to Long Gully. It is of very consi derable extent, and by far the widest of all the gullies. Its significant name is owing to the numerous disputes between the diggers, which the Commissioner's were called in to settle. It has also been called the German Gully. There has been done a vast amount of work done in this place, and some large hauls have been made. The sinking is from twelve to twenty feet in depth and the washing stuff from three or four inches to a foot. Mr Com missioner Daly, who received me with the ut most politeness whilst prosecuting my in quiries , showed me a nugget weighing one hundred and six ounces eight pennyweights, which was found in a claim in this gully on Friday last. It is a splendid Specimen, very irregularly formed, and in the cavities there is a little pipeclay and gravel a sample of the stratum of earth in which it was imbedded. There was a report that a piece of Gold weighing fourteen pounds had been found in this gully on Saturday last, but as I could get no authentic particulars concerning it, I think that the nugget I saw is the one alluded to, exaggerated in size. Another report, some what better authenticated, but the truth of which still I cannot vouch for, speaks of an extraordinary claim at the foot of Surface Hill in Growler's Gully. Out of one load of stuff 42 pounds weight of Gold were got I met an acquaintance at work in this gully , who has been at Tarrengower for a few weeks and who has made about £300. He knew many who had done equally as well as him self but he said that there were very many who had been at Bryants'Ranges from the first and had done nothing to speak of. The parties at work next to him had got as much as thirteen ounces to the load, and all their washing stuff averaged highly. The gully is a very long one, and parties are at work down it for a mile and a half. The gully presents a very interesting appearance, filled with all the evidences of the utmost activity and industry. It is full of mounds of washing stuff piled up against the next rain. I believe that their are in this gully alone some three or four thousand people , half of, whom at least, are actually engaged in digging. The Royal Victoria Saloon, which was carried on at Bendigo, has been opened at Tarrengower in Growlers'Gully, but I do not know how it has been attended. The want of water is in this, as in all the gullies, a very serious impediment. Next to Growlers'Gully is the Eagle Hawk, named after the gully at Bendigo, and some what resembling it on a small scale, but far inferior to its famed prototype in richness. Eagle Hawk does not seem to be so rich as the other gullies at Tarrengower and the diggings in one part of it run much deeper, so much as thirty and forty feet. Some of the stuff through which the miners are compelled to sink is extremely hard. The gully is two or three miles long, and parties are working on the greater portion of it. There are many rich claims in Eagle Hawk, but a great many losers. The upper portion has been tried, and deserted, although the quartz ridge and the surfacing on the hill above are so rich . The number of people in Eagle Hawk is pro bably less than Long Gully. Beyond Eagle Hawk is a gully which has been very recently opened up, and has been called Peg Leg, after the Bendigo Gully though by name it is called Sailors Gully. This is a long narrow valley, and at the upper end the slopes of the adjacent hill are very steep. The holes are from twelve to thirty feet in depth , and some distance down there is plenty of water in them. The washing still varies from three or four inches to two or three feet in thickness. The bed rock in in these holes seemed to consist of a rotten sand stone. The gully is some two miles long, and there are according to a report, three thousand people at work upon it. There is certainly a very large number of persons at work in Peg Leg Gully. The washing stuff is said, in several claims, to be very rich, and in many instances three and four ounces per load are obtained. In this gully as well as in Eagle Hawk the strata appear to be much firmer and harder than in Long Gully, less dusty. These are the chief places where extensive digging is at present carried on. There are many small gullies and slopes where gold is being obtained, and which no doubt will yield well; but in comparison to these principal places do not require to be noticed Throughout all these gullies there are streets of stores and refreshment tents. The wants of the diggers are fully supplied. In going towards the Peg Leg Gully from Long Gully there is a road which leads to the left, following the somewhat steep descent of a gully or ravine. We persue this road and find that we have left the Gold formation of the high land above, and have come into the granite. We pass between the steep sides of high ridges covered with granite boulders and mosses and come into a snug little valley that is by high mountains along the course of which is the bed of a creek, with a waterhole here and there. This place is called the Springs, and during the present dry weather a large portion of the population of Tarrengower have pitched their tents in this valley, because of an abundant supply of good water can be ob. tained by sinking for it. There is a street lined on either side by stores and tents, and many new places are in course of erection. In the bed of the creek holes have been sunk to the granite bedrock in some instances for Gold, and others for water. Of Gold very little has been found, merely a light scaly drift washed by the floods from the Gold country above. The holes how ever , answer excellently for wells. They are about twelve or fifteen feet deep. In many of the tents wells have been sunk for that neces sary element -Water. Many of the diggers convey their washing stuff from the gullies above mentioned in carts, and cradle it here, getting the water out of the holes in the creek, the stuff should be pretty rich to pay for this as the distance of the springs from the camp is two or three miles. I went down the valley about a mile, and still there were tents, and I believe that the tents extend right down to the Loddon. At the Springs the water is sold at 6d per bucket, and near the camp at a 1s. We paid 1s. per bucket for the water with which we washed ourselves, at the lodging house where we stayed. Tarrengower is well supplied with all kind of provision and Merchandise. Prices are very reasonable for everything except water Spirits are sold at 1s. a nobbler, and bottled ale and porter at 5s.a bottle. There is very little secrecy observed in the grog traffic; and report says that some of the Police are largely bribed to connive at it. As this is the case everywhere it is likely to be so at Tarren gower. Coming to official matters, very great neglect has been committed by the Gov ernment with respect to this Gold field it has surely been long enough in existence to have had a post office established, and an efficient police force. There has been time enough for somewhere about 20,000 people (the Government estimate is 18,000) to locate these services at Bryant's Ranges, and to and to establish stores and shops of every kind. Yet how stands the fact?. As I have already said, there is no post-office. Twenty thousand people are almost debarred from the privilege of communicating with their friends by the neglect of Government. They must go to Castlemaine, some fourteen miles off to post their letters or make interest to be allowed to have them sent with the Escort once a week. It is needless to say that complaints of this neglect are loud and general. It is the duty of the Government to establish a post-office as soon as the importance of the place demands it, and this has been the case with Tarrengower for sometime. There is no Clerk of the bench here at present, but I believe that one is to be sent up immediately, certainly not before he was wanted, when the Commissioner has to officiate himself as such and the only clerk in the place attached to the gold office is worried from morning to night about re freshment licences. It is to be hoped that the system of granting refreshment licences at Ta rengower will be better than that which was in operation at Bendigo for a long time by which parties were overcharged, compelled to waste valuable time in dancing attendance upon a careless official , and were often kept for weeks beyond the proper time , before the licence was obtained. There are two Commissioners at Tarren gower, Messrs. Lowther and Daly, both justices of the peace; and as there is no police magis trate yet appointed, their judicial duties are by no means light. Crime is not ,however, so very prevalent at Tarrengower as some of the reports circulated would have us to imagine It is by no means so black as it is painted , for it will not support a lawyer, at least so says Mr. Cussen, solicitor, who went over from Bendigo to this place, believing that he would find full employment here. The number of police is, however, very inadequate to the re quirements of the district. There are only thirty-three in all, of whom six are troopers. They are commanded by Sub Inspector Nicholson. Mr. Foster, an Inspector of po lice has visited Tarrengower a few days since, and noticed the insufficiency of the force there, so that a reinforcement may be expected, Such is the insufficiency of the police protec tion that a great number of the store keepers have formed themselves into a league for mutual protection and are ready at any time whenever two shots are fired in quick succession (the signal of alarm) to sally forth for mutual assistance. The police men who have been on duty all day are often compelled to do duty at night too. The number of licences which have been issued at Tarrengower is only one thousand a very small quantity indeed, considering the number of the population as estimated by the Government themselves. I could get no ac count of the number of refreshment or store keepers licences ,as there was no regular system for granting them. There have been four escorts from Tarrengower; and the last which started yesterday morning at ten o'clock, took only 890 ozs. and £453 cash,- a small amount for such diggings. It It must of course be borne in mind that there is very little washing going on, and that a large quantity of gold finds its way into Castlemaine by private hand. The accommodation for public offices and officials- in other words the camp at Tarren gower, is miserable enough at present. The police office is a tent rather large than the ordinary class of tents, with no fly over it, and no lining inside. In a hot day the misery of sitting in such a place may be imagined. The Commissioner, and all who are unfortunately compelled to attend, must be subjected to a sweating process which will soon reduce them low enough; in fact they are undergoing a slow process of boiling down. The lock-up is a small tent, which any full sized man would disdain to occupy if he had it all to himself, for he never stand erect in it. In this snug place the prisoners sit chained to each other, sweltering by day and freezing by night. Heaven forbid that an evil fate should lead us into the hands of the myrmidons of the law at Tarrengower to undergo the torments of the lock-up and police office. The township is to be called Maldon, I un derstand, after some town in England--another specimen of the insipid nomenclature in favour in Victoria. Why not stick to the native names? Among the other benefits which the diggers enjoy here in such in such profusion is the ability to purchase the newspapers of the day The Argus, Diggers Advocate, and Victoria Times are regularly sold at Tarrengower. The Times is not held in very great love in con sequence of its systematic depreciation of Tarrengower, not a very remarkable proof of sagacity Time and limits compel me to think of drawing in here, otherwise I should have had something to say about he probable extent of the Tarrengower gold-field, so far as the presence of certain rocks would warrant any guesses into the future. On this subject I can morely say that in Bryant's Ranges there is a belt of auriferous rocks, somewhat narrow, flanked in by granite; and this belt extends towards Castlemaine n one direction, and the Kin gower gold-field in another. Gold may be found further in each direction than i think it will, but the goldfield is not likely to be a very extensive one, certainly nothing what ever approaching to Bendigo. I purpose making more extensive researches among the ranges on my next visit to this place, and I shall then be able with more accuracy to estimate the probable extent of the field. The country lies very high, and must always suffer from scarcity of water, certainly much more than Bendigo. In winter, traffic will be almost en tirely stopped. The field is undoubtedly rich, and it will have a brilliant career during the approaching winter and spring. Like the Ovens, however its capabilities are likely to be overtasked, and if so large a population as is expected pitch their tents on Bryant's Ranges during the next few months, a second edition of the McIvor rush may be expected. Ben digo, however, can still accommodate some of the surplice, and there is a vast of diggings near at hand, if it is at all possible to reach them in the winter,-the Kingower, Mount Molliagul, Korong, &c.; 