BUSH FIRES. RAPIDLY filling up as this colony is with people not much accustomed to the ordinary casualties of Australian life, it has often struck us that it would be an act of kindness to furnish, periodically, a few hints of the particular dangers which each season successively presents. The remarks pub- lished on a certain day may convince or sufficiently warn the colonists of that par- ticular period, but before the next recur- rence of the season thousands of new colonists may have been added to our numbers, thousands of others may so far have changed their pursuits as to have become liable to new and uncon- sidered risks, and great loss and afflic- tion may befal unsuspecting people, whom a few words of timely warning would have saved from any such misfortune. About this time last year, we called attention to the very great danger to which our country readers were exposed through the agency of bush-fires ; and, actuated by the considerations to which we have r- feared, we make no apology for the republi- cation of the article at the present season. It is not often that we are guilty of the small vanity of quoting ourselves, and on the present occasion the object, which we have in view will induce the public fully to acquit us of any such offence. The article was as follows. In many respects it is not so accurately adapted to the cir- cumstances of the present year, as of that for which it was expressly prepared, but we think it better to republish it just in the form in which it originally appeared : — Almost all experienced colonists agree In pre- dieting very extensive and disastrous fires through- out the country district- during the present sum- mer ; and, although we have given frequent warnings upon the subject, we so fully coincide with those who see the probability of serious in- jury, that we wish to urge the subject in the most energetic manner upon the attention of all, that every possible precaution may be taken to avert the danger, if possible, or at all events to mitigate its effects. Amongst the mass of population which has poured into the colony during the last two years, there are tens of thousands who know very little of what a bush-fire in Australia is ; or how frightful a thing under certain cir- cumstances, it may become and as their comfort, their property, and even their lives are at stake, it will only be an act of kindness to apprise them of the danger upon the brink of which they may be slumbering. From the increase to our numbers and the thicker settlement of our country, there is more danger of serious accident than ever was the case before, and it is again increased by the fact of the summer being a very dry one, and succeeding one particularly cool and moist. The grass which grew freely and thick all through last summer will have become so dried by the drought and heat of the present one, that the fires which will ne- cessarily occur will be far fiercer than is ordinarily the case. And those who recollect the terrors of the far-famed "Black Thursday," and the misery and ruin which resulted from it, will have no in- clination to witness another such conflagration. Upon that frightful occasion the hot wind blew during the whole day with unexampled strength and intensity. The temperature, even when ac- tally felt, appeared absolutely incredible. It struck one, when exposed to it, that no natural atmosphere could possibly be so hot. But, in fact. the original heat of the wind was greatly increased by passing over a vast extent of burning country ; and the air was, in reality, what it felt to be — a heat from a furnace. The whole country was overspread with a thick, lurid, mysterious smoke, which reached far out to sea, and in some localities produced, even early in the afternoon, an almost total darkness. The light ashes from the burning forest were actually de- posited on the decks of vessels hundreds of miles from land. Millions of acres of the country were swept by the fire during that dreadful day ; thou- sands of sheep, huddled together, were smothered and burnt as they stood ; crops, fences, paddocks stacks, out- buildings, huts and houses, for miles together, were involved in one common ruin, and many human beings were hemmed in and burnt to death. Scores of farmers and others were also- lately left penniless ; without homes, clothes, or food, and the whole colony teemed with particu- lars most affecting disaster. It is to prevent a repetition of such sad scenes as these that we now bring the matter prominently forward. The calamity that has once happened has given us no immunity for the future. Precisely what took place on that awful day may take place again this week or next. All the necessary elements of disaster are ready at hand, and probably in greater profuse than they ever were found in before. Tuesday last would give our newly arrived friends a specimen of the sort of weather which we may occasionally expect during the next two months ; and upon any ??? such day the disasters of Black Thursday may be repeated. Few people that have not had some actual experience in such matters can thoroughly under- stand what the bush-fire of Australia is, and how very greatly it differs in intensity under di- efferent circumstances. When the country is open, the grass a little green, and the air calm, the bush-fire creeps along slowly and quietly, and may be kept under readily enough, when advancing towards valuable property ; but in thick scrubs, or where the herbage is parched up, and the wind high and from the north, the fire spreads with fearful rapidity : it runs along the ground, licking up the grass almost as if it were a train of gunpowder, and no earthly power can stay its progress. Under some circumstances it will be arrested by a cattle track a few inches wide. Under other circumstances it will fly across a river. On Black Thursday it came down upon the wind, a perfect wall of fire blazing up to the tops of the trees, scorching and suffocating the very birds them- selves. Burning bark and flaming twigs blew ?? ahead, and wherever they alighted, new centre of flames burst out on all sides. And so rapid was the march of this fearful fire ; so vast the strides with which he marched upon his victim, that the precautions ordinarily taken, even by the careful were, in most instances, utterly useless. A few furrows turned up around a homestead, or a little ring of ground carefully burnt for a few feet in width, were passed over as if they were not there at all, and the giant bounded upon his prey without deigning to notice any such puny ????tion The means to be taken to obviate all such disease- tens are well enough known. Ground once burnt during tho summer can scarcely ever be burnt over again in the same season. The main thing is to take care that the charmed circle be made sufficiently wide ; and that it be complete, so that the enemy cannot steal in a t any point. All those who have stations, stock yards, or home- steads to protect, should see to this at onoe, and should take care that they individually are made secure, and are not in danger of being burnt out through the carelessness or ignorance of a neighbour. The burning should be done on a calm day, when the fire can tie kept under thorough control. If this be not taken care of, the very attempt to secure pro- pretty will, very probably, lead to its destruction ; and innocent neighbours may be involved in a serious loss arising from such negligence. All persons liable to any sudden misfortune of this sort are now, however, fairly warned: it rests with them to take all proper precautions, and to take them at once; and should they neg- let the warning we have given, they will not deserve much sympathy if they come before the public a week or two hence, with a tale of ruin and disaster, petitioning for that assistance which, if possessed of ordinary prudence, they would never have required. Without wishing to claim for the publica- tion of the above article any credit to which it is not fairly entitled, we may remark, that throughout the very long and hot summer of 1853-4 no great bush-fire was reported as having occurred throughout Victoria. In Van Diemen's Land and in South Australia most destructive conflagra- tions took place; in the former particularly, involving a considerable sacrifice of human lifo. In this colony, in spite of the many circumstances conducive to such a catastrophe, We were spared from its inflic- tion, and the summer passed over without any serious disaster. Efforts are made, indeed, to prevent the original kindling of these fires, and stain- gent laws have been enacted for the punishment of any one who lights them. But in an extensive country like this, with the whole surface covered throughout the summer with a highly inflammable substance, these fires will occur in spite of all human efforts at prevention. The traveller will leave his camp-fire smouldering, and liable to be blown about by every gust ; the bushman will drop the ashes out of his little black pipe; the aborigine will carry along with him his piece of burning bark ; and it is ridiculous to suppose, that with all these provisions for bush fires, they can be done away with, or prevented from continuing regular peri- odical visitations. The best policy is to provide for any possible contin- gency, by the usual and established safe guards, and to fence each home- stead in from the ravages of this de- structive element, by a timely use of the self-same agency. 