LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. GENERAL SESSIONS OF THE COUNTY OF BOURKE.— The General Sessions of the County of Bourke for * the hearing of 'appeals, was held oil Saturday belore Mr. Justice Pohlman and Messrs. Davies and Thomas, J. P.'s. There were only three notices on the list, one ofjvhich.waswithdrav.il, a second postponed on account of informality, and the third was post poned by -consent. The proceedings lasted a very short time. DISTRICT POLICE COURT.—The charge sheet at the District Court on Saturday contained only two or three cases. The only one of any consequence was a charge preferred by Mrs. Warwick, of St. Kilda, against a female named Webb, of having stolen some articles of baby's attire, a window blind, and some other articles, which had been given her to wash. Mr. Tufton Smith, solicitor, applied for the case to be remanded, as he would be able to put a different feature on the case, which was granted. THE ACCIDENT AT THE GAS WORKS.—We under- stand that George Wilson, the man who was unfor- tunatclv so seriously injured, by an accident in lifting a gas-pipe on Weduesday, that he died the next day, has left a widow and child destitute. It was stated in our report of the inquest in Saturday's issue, that he resided in Collingwood ; it should have been 123 Little Bourke street west. SEBASTOPOL.—We were much gratified by the in- spection on .Saturday last of a well-executed model ot Sebastopol, which is to bo seen every day at 19 liittle Bourke street. The relative positions of the allied armies are most eorrcctly shewn, and the un dulations. of the country accurately delineated ; in fact, a visitor to the. model is enabled to form a very correct idea as to tho present state of the siege. The ? model itself is constructed of papier machc, and the various localities from the harbor of Balablava to the nit.v nf Sebastonol ore civen with the most scrupu lous geographical exaciness. 'Wo cordially recom mend this exhibition to the attention of all those who are interested (and who is not ?) iii the events of the war. DANGEROUS NUISANCE.—Our attention has been re- peatedly drawn, lor some time past, to tho custom of driving heavily laden drays, drawn by six or eight bullocks, through narrow rights-of way. Wo have olten been compelled to turn back for safety Bake in consequence of tho liugk machines blocking up the whole thoroughfaro, and the bullocks them selves walking on or obstructing the footpath. Serious damage too is often done by these uuwieldy locomotives ; fences and walls are ruthlessly des troyed, and a day or two ago, Mr. Clarke, mine host of the Waterman's Arms, Little Collins street, had to complain of six or eight bricks being knocked out of tho side of his house by a lumbering vehicle, which was attempting to turp the corner of a. lane scarcely wider than the dray itself. The city in spectors ought to direct llieir attention to the nuis ance if they have any regard to tho lives and limbs of Her Majesty's lieges. NEW INSOLVENT.—Mr. John Hanlon Knipe, auc- tioneer of Creswiclt Creek, Fiery Creek, and of Bal- larat, has declared himself insolvent. The reasons of his insolvency are depression of trade, and judg ment obtained against him by two ' of his servants ?whom he had charged with felony, in an action for false imprisonment. His debts are set down at £854 12s. 10d., assets £1312. Land Sale at Ballarat. — At a Government Lind Sale, to bo held -at Ballarat, on Monday, the 31st of December, fifty town lots in the parish of Ballarat will b# submitted to public competition. Land Sale at Sandhurst.— One town lot a1 Sandhurst, four at White Hills, and eighteen in the parish of Axedale, together with twentv-six country lots in the same parish, will be offerei for sale by auction, on Monday, the 3lst of December, The Queen's Theatre. — Wo perceive that this establishment is about to be opened under the ma nagement of Mr, Henry Neil Warner, the principal tragedian of the Theatre Royal, who is organising an efficient company with which to open his theatrical campaign. A special general meeting of the members of the Chamber of Commerce will be held to-day, to consider the amended rules. ? v Antiquities. — We invite the attention of our arch aeological and ethnological readers to a communica tor, I ivliip.li nnnoarq nmnnn- t.lin i ntnl lifrpn^A l'f-P.fiivud from New South Wales) in which the discovery of a remarkable cave near Ryalstone is described. Hall of the Criterion — In addiiton lo tho pre vious attractions of this popular place of resort, Mr Wedel has engaged the valuable services of Herren, Strebinger, and Kohler, of the Theatre Royal, and those of other instrumentalists from the same orchestra, who will give a concert every afternoon from three to six o'clock. Prevention of Bush Fires.— Experience tells us that nine times in tun precaulion in the case ol fires is better than a ivmedy, and that danger ensues from the carelessness of the occupiers of lands and houses near the bush ; and, therefore, we say gene rally — if men pr'eler living in wooden houses or in tenements of any kind in the midst of the bush, ?with rank vegetation, that may be converted into tinder by a dry wind, close up. to their fences ; il they prefer having around them a thick moustache to a clean shaven Zip of sward — let them not com plain, if, when accident or design sets the bush in a blaze, they arc to be seen as they were on Sunday week, in the fire of the trenches, instead of keeping a quiet day at church and in the family. It is impossible for legal . enactments to effect much reform on smokers, bullock-drivers, black fellows, and pic-nic worshippers, on glass bottles, or chafing trees ; but the inhabitants of our towns and villages are not wise enough of their own accord to surround themselves with a fortification of cleared scrub and bush, then the law ought to take the matter out of their hands and enact, that no man shall bo allowed to have any brush or scrub within some feet of his fences, or wooden buildings, on pain of punishment. This might be fairly made a subject of legislation in the pew Parliament, where probably there will be matters quite as fiery to debate, with out half the usefulness. We are happy in thinking that the late fires have done little damage, besides such as verifies fully the truth of our remarks above. This good will probably result from so early a burn ing. When the future bush-fires of January and February come, they will find part of their work done, and themselves warded off by their prede- cessor.—Sydney Morning Herald. GRAND IMPERIAL HOTEL.—The celebrated Backus Minstrels arrived on Saturday by the Wonga Wonga, Captain Gilmore, from Sydney, and are stopping at the above Hotel. They will appear this evening at Coppin's Olympic, and we have no doubt but that they will meet with the support of the Melbourne public in general, their entertainment being exceed ingly clever and amusing. THE BACKUS MINSTRELS. — This inimitable band of performers take their farewell of the Sydney public this (Monday) evening, when a compli mentary benefit will be tendered them by anum ber of citizens who desire in this manner to express their appreciation of the professional talents which characterises each and every member of the company. The minstrels pur pose paying a visit to Melbourne and. Geelong, where they will no doubt meet with tlie like success that has attended their sojourn in Sydney./ . 