VICTORIA. Br tho nrrival of the City of Hobart yesterday afternoon we have news to Tuesday last. The juries empannollud to try the prisoners for high ' treason were discharged, as some informality had occurred in the summoning of them. Fresh pnnnels are to be summoned to try these prisoners on the 15th of February instant. Tun -Queen v. Seekamp. - The defendant, lately convicted of a seditious libel, appeared on his bail to receive the judgment of the court. The Attorney General appeared for tho Crown ; Mr. Dunne for the travel ser. * The latter learned gentleman read two affidavits filed by Manning and George Dunmore Lang, stating they had written the seditious articles without the defendant's knowledge or consent. The Chief Justice asked if Mr. Seekamp had any- thing to say in mitigation of punishment. Mr. Seekamp expressed his regret that the articles had been written ; he had been in ill-health himself, and had left the newspaper in Manning's control, telling bim at the same time not to insert anything that might be considered inflammatory or seditious. He then left Ballaarat for Melbourne. When he saw the articles in question he immediately went up to Ballaarat, and on Manning's saying he wrote the one headed " The Martyrs," dismissed him at once. He had since been taken into custody, lodged with 113 other piisoners in a stone cell, without anything to cover over or above him. Had also to submit to insults from the soldiers. This was punishment quite sufficient, without any other, for merely being < the unfortunate proprietor of a newspaper which had been made the vehicle for others to write inflammatory articles in. The Attorney .General said that, although this might be urged in mitigation, it was, no justification, otherwise the Government would be altogether at the mercy of a piopnotor of a newspaper, who might punnit others to write seditious articles in it. It would have been more graceful and proper if Seekamp lind alleged this when he was arraigned than pleading it afterwards, when convicted. The defendant did not say he could not have prevented it, and Manning remains in the employ of Seekamp until after all the three seditious articles had been published. Mr. Seekamp said he was in Melbourne, attending the ballaarat trials (M'lntyre and other) when the articles were published The Chief Justice daid he was desirous of giving him au opportunity of stating all the facts on affidavit, and would therefore again reserve the judgment of the Court; and the defendant would be inquired to enter into fresh surities to appear on tho 21st March next. POSTAL COMMUNICATION. Tho following is a copy of a circular which baa been forwarded to the Chambors of Commerce of tho neighbouring colonies by that tit Melbourne. Melbow ne Chamber of Commerce, Sth February, 1855. Sir, - I havo the honor to address yon by desire of the Com mitte of this Chamber, for the purpose of renowing our correspondence) upon tho subject of Ocean Postal Communication between these colonies and Great Britain. In a communication received fiom London by the last oveiiand mail, it is suggested to the Committee that a locnl company might bo formed for tbo con- veyance of the mails over what may bo called tho colonial part of the route, now traversed by the steamships of the Peninsular and Oriental Company -an arrangement which the Committee have it before thom would not be objected to by the P. and O. Company under certain regulations ; and as tho Committee deem the suggestion worthy of consider- ation, though at present unprepared to state if such a scheme be practicable, they have determined to invite au expression of opinion thereon from the mercantile bodies of tho adjoining colonies. It is also known to the Committeo that tho P. and O.Company intend to abandon their contract on an early day, " unless such an alteration in it bo made as shall embrace a better consideration for the interests of the company," and for this uuipose "the directora'' have already placed before Her Majesty's Govern- ment n proposal for establishing a monthly commu- nication at an increased rate of speed, iii lieu of the present bi-monthly communication." . It appears, then, from the foregoing, that unless the Home Government consent to subsidise the P. and O. Company moro liberally than heretofore, wo shall bo deprived of the only postal communication which baa proved itjudf of any real value to these ' colonies. And as it is possible the Home Govern j mont may hesitate to increase the amount of subsidy, the Committee are of opinion tbat the time is arrived for these colonies to step forward and offer to place a definite sum per annum for,a certain, number of years, at tho disposal of the Home" Govern- ' munt, to be applied solely in the fulfilment of con- ditions to be prescribed by these colonies. The Committeo are thcrcfoie desirous of ascertaining what amount of subsidy each of those colonies is disposed to contribute; and tho Committee, trust, in the present altered aspect of the question, to reçoive your co- operation ; as without perfect unanimity, first, as to tbo best routo, and, secondly, as to the whole nmount contributed by the various colonies being granted for the mail service by that route, the Com . mittec would earnestly submit that we cannot hope j to place our postal sorvice with Europe upon a j permanently satisfactory basis. I havo tho honor to be, Sir, , Your obedient humble Servant, RICHARD WOOLLEY, Secretary. To the Secretary of tho Chamber of Commerce. , A sale of Crown lands, held on Mondav at tha ,-auction rooms of Messrs. W. M. TemuTntand Co was numeiously attended by the inhabitants of San£ I ridge, m which thriving locality the landi sold S situate. The lots submitted consW of partions if grebe's each ' 8mttU ^^ ch WW The extent of the aroa sold vas only tnree-aud-*. quaiter acres, and Ihe amount realised, wasiSlttU fcsr^6 price **wre °f *543' «* ¡5 i THr0£Tu beon ? fir? în Co,Kns «*"»*» tho particu- lars of wine!, wegive,iu another place? ThelX of the houses involved m this calamity continuad .^^^it'the whole of Monday to nena forth con $ -¿.«a anantity of grease,hams, bacon, &o;" ^tÄsC'only partly destroyed/ It wai ^Äx in the evening that the flame was not- U?,iÍed ieav mr a large body of material still feXSriïï' H most satisfactory to observe that, Bm0US?Sinirtlio extent of the mischief and the f ZfÄh ex ted of its spreading,! the utmost See o «ind.was shown by the fire brigade ¡n Souring to cheek its progress, and the police m â KWr arrangements to preserve order. The tbff«JrVbv the fire warmly acknowledge this, and !ffi ready and sympathising co-operation of their iTow townsmen. It is impossible at present savs i Arffits of the 6th, to got a correct idea of the * ,^?of'»ropbrty destroyed, although it is to bo T{Zi ¿imt ft is far greater than was at first supposed. Ä« wnsexhibited at the fire. In Mr. Khul 's «"«?here was a cast iron cylinder containing quick- er /During the fire tho quicksilver exploded: îiJ^linder. weighiug about 20 lbs., was carried into Ä and[felli through the roof of tho Chamber of roriuncice into the secretary's office, a distance of Äly one hundred feet. . P Xlancholy accounts continuo to reach Geelong of rtfiivaires of the bush- fires during the week before it Mr P. M'Arthur has had nearly the wholoof líínm burnt; and all the buildings at his homestead, «ant a new stone dwelling-house, have been con .nmia Many of his neighbours are also left without ««*.' nf o-rass, while others have lost huts, hurdles, £P and horses. The fire which destroyed Mr. M'Aithui's property is said to have run m a direct line varying in with from five to twenty miles over ncarlv «fty miles of country. The Elisabeth, ship, 480 tons register, hound for London cleared the channel recently cut through the I hwoii Monday morning. Shebas 2100bales of wool on biard, besides a quantity of horns, bones, and is the first larRe square- rigged ship that has ever illed up for a British port in the inner harbour of Geelong. 