REVIEW. LAND; LA POUR; AND GOLD; OR, TWO YEARS IN VICTORIA : witli Visits to Sydney and Van Diemen's Land By William Howitt ; in Two Volumes. London. Longman and Co., 1855. . . (Second Notice.) We return with pleasure to the consideration of this work, heightened by the feeling that our readers will share in the gratification. For it Is next to impossible to imagine that its succession of lively sketches, picturesque descriptions, sterling remarks, and strong denunciations against'the false policy of the government, can fail alternately to amuse and senopsly impress the mind. Amongst the first of the strange things which astonished Mr. Howitt was the system of plunder pre valent in Melbourne in the shape of high charges. That city he describes as " bristling with hostile steel pens, and where they come down upon you with heavy charges, — not of 1 cavalry, but of, city train- bands, all furnished with an artillery of awful prices. — The one great principle of the colony is the Dutchman's maxim: — "Get honestly, if you can, 'but at all events get !" People avow the principle. They come here in fact, as they go to India, to make fortunes, arid then — go home. That is the phrase. Everybody talks of England as home. They are all going home some day. This and that person are selling their property and going home. Others are going home for a visit ; but in any case it is towards home that their thoughts tend. Hence so little is done for the colony, this splendid colony ! Every one thinks himself, there is no patriotism, because no man looks upon this country as his home. All are in a sort of temporary exile ; — the servants of Mammon that they may spend " golden earnings at home." _ How much of truth lies in these remarks, and it, is astonishing that government has done so little to restrain this . re-em ignition feeling, it seems, in fact, by its high land : prices and other impediments to have fostered the desire of i immigrants to retire as quickly as possible after fortune hai showered her golden favours upon them. In expressing his wonders at the smallness of the allotments doled out at 1 enormously high prices Mr. Howitt indignantly writes:-" Bqt ' why so small ? Why no gardens ? Simply because the ground is so preposterously dear. Here you have immediately a proof of that ingenuity by which men contrive to defeat the inten tions of Pr'oVidnce. Providence has given vast new lands, on Which the overflowing population may settle; but selfish and purblind governments immediately lay hold on that which was meant to he a free gift of God, and dole in out in such mOdicums that the pressing necessities of arriving immigrants compel them to bid up at auction against each other, till the land of these new countries lying with millions of miles of tihodcupied soil, becomes far dearer than the dearest of that Which they have left. And again thus eloquently — "When God gives to> his children new and ample countries, what a pity that the devil Should So instantly show himself in these fresh paradises, and totally spoil them ! The devils of government cupidity and trading speculation are the curse of all new colonies,— of none so much as this. An artificial barrier is instantly erected Where people show a disposition to colonize a country ; the country itself is cut off, shut out, and literally ceases to exist" for the crowd of immigrants, so long as it pleases government. Till then, the ever-pressing throng is enclosed, as it were, in a pound, trill they ramp over and tread down each other, grow frantic and furious, and purchase the little trampled modicum Of Standing -place under each others feet, at' the most fabulous prices." . The fidlowing description of the half burnt woods on the tOaH 'to-, the Ovens Diggings furnishes an idea of the poetical imagination of the author:- - — __ ; Everywhere the traces of fire in these parts are universal. The' great bush- fire of what is called Rlack Thursday, or Thursday the 6th February, 1851. which extended over a large part of the colony, and destroyed many people and immense property, raged, fiercely in these parts. On all sides yous perceive , the signs of its ravages. Some trees are totally killed,, and stand black and spectral objects. Others have been .severely scorched ; their bark is black and charred ; and yet they have put out again fresh foliage. Beneath them lie countless giant trunks, many of them of the wildest and most grotesque shapes whilst others still stand, although litoapViaH Tfc>i.lrf»rl nnrl aa if. uraro V.rtrivr tv\i tranches to the sky. If you traverse these woods in the dusk or in the moon light, your imagination has abundant scope for exercise. All the old blackened stumps, or fallen trees bleached to whiteness, assume characters, many of which never really existed in these lands. Others, recal the past of these forests themselves. Some appear- like dark images-. of the natives; who have been pushed from their hereditary seats by the White man. In one place appeal- dark women carrying their infants; black as ebony, their hacks : and often they are followed by a little troop of other children. Here are dark figures standing as if in deep consultation, or in an attitude of indignant resentment at the encroachment of the stranger. There are; grotesquely-shaped trees, which assume the forms of all kinds, of animals, — kangaroos, iguanos, huge crocodiles, and serpents; of enormous size and tortuous length. But far ottener these- dark masses appear in, the shapes of your own native regions? and your own history. Kings of lofty statue, and in flowing robes, sit pn. ebony thrones ; bishops and abbots stand arrayed in stole and mitre : silent women, seated with their heads stooped on their knees, seem lost in profound grief : and hollow stems of trees? broken off some six or eight feet from the ground, present the appearance of strange orators in some historical 8?;pne, ; with elevated arms, from which fall their,- robes in picturesque volumes- to thie« ground, their whole aspect eloquent with an earnestWd mysterious: enthusiasm. 1 do not know these objects affect others- in the same manner : but I cannot avoid seeing them, thus continually in the twilight or the nabonlight." - What truth is, contained ini the following remarks: what food for serious, reflection!: and what strong grounds for contempt for, anil indignation, against, so stolid andoppressive a government. " I never saw a country where the cultivation of vegetables- for the shepherds and overseers, was; so utterly neglected. There . .is rarely- a potato, onion, or cabbage to he seen in the hush, except at the head stations?of the squatters : and yet the least trouble would procure all these things; at the huts of shepherds, and" tnuits, too, in any quantify Apples, pears, peaches, might he had in the fullest abundance;: but only the chief settlers. have these luxuries. about themt. 'A nrl. Kaw ran n ir f Kio /-«! n nrt n Mi, xl i I i n ; . . rv: . y tncic in. ums wnoie coiony r It is divided into>1000 stations? and two. or three are often held by one individual, so that the number of squatters; in Victoria is, as.1 have said, just now; but about 650". In fact, it is a colony rather inhabited, by sheep, cattle, and horses; than men. The. fatal Wakefieldiani system of selling colonial lands at a' high price, and Only where Government pleases, has totally unshed that iniermixtiu'e of tillage? that diffusion. of cheerful! villages up.' the country,, which would have converted it from a desert io» a place oF happy and civilised life; The theory of preventing, the too. rapid spread of population, in new- lands, has here prevented it spreading altogether The regulation of not seljing. less- than. 100 acres, at once, except for town- allotments, and at not less than» <£1 per- acre upset price, to be ca.rried as much higher as possible , by auction?, has.. produced : the squatting system;; for men. refused to- buy on, such terms, ancl- the only alternative was to allow, them- to graze upon> it k temporary ten uivO.. This has led to/large growth of wool, but to nothing more.. Iixall the hundreds of miles up, this real you scarcely see a village ; and where there is one, .it is-a wretched one; lor it, has. none of the elements- of prosperity; no gdp J farms around it, .supplying all the articles of life, and bo, little tradesmen to. supply, in ret urn? clothes? shoes; and ' Stores, oh those reasonable terms which a certain, degree of eornpetitiou ensures. The attempt" to. direct forcibly the ale tnd purchase of land into an- artificial channel, has. signally, %!®d, as everything that is opposed to, nature- must-f-and— the example of the prosperity of the Unified States of. America, ob the exactly opposite. system? has- hitherto- beeni lost on the British Government. " And while the mother-country cannot ho roused to a ptlon.- of its, gross- and fatal fundamental blunder in the philosophy of coloiijsation. what is the Government of Victoria ilelf. but a series.of blujulevs eqiuilly amazing? T have heard a great deal of Colonial Government; hut seeing it focons.df can only make us- credit what it really is. It ueema to-consist in. either leaving- nature to do. everything, thwarting her. efforts where she would do right. It seems only to have one eye, and that fixed only on.the money of the subject. No sooner does- the- Home Government give up the .proceeds of tlie gold-fields, to enable the colonial Gfovernnient to. make those improvements -that are lpossary tcKin active. and extended traffic, then- these profound , immediately attempt, tb-huxa. tbeit candle. at_ both: ends. Not content with levying a monthly license of 30s. on every individual who digs or traffics on the gold-fields, a large proportion of whom never dig up aiything, they are also eager to lay on an export duty of 2s. 6d. per- ounce. A former attempt to double the license fee, m siting it £3 per month, had failed, showing them the folly of striving to do more than they had strength to carry out. The natural consequences of so absurd a measure as the expoit duty began to show themselves the moment that the question was mooted in the Legislative Council Gold began to iy over the frontiers in all' directions ; and Melbourne would toon have seen its gold trade dried up? like one of its creeks. "What forces had Government. to< maintain a cordon all a>ong its frontiers, to prevent this transit ? None. It had not force enough on the fields to compel the diggers to pay the license-fee, which they declared that they would refuse, if the duty was imposed. " The most glaring sign of the fatuity of a Government, is its- unconsciousness of - its own weakness, or of the power of those whom it seels- s to control. When the bwlMrog attempts to swell himself into the bull, JEsop tells us the inevitable result. But the most fatal error which a Government can commit, is to teach its subjects its utter inability Nto compel them, if they choose to, resist : except it he that of setting them an example of injustice and rapacity. — a lesson only too readily learned .by those on whom they seek to practise it. ' " The next astonishing feature of Colonial Government which has forced itself on my notice in coming up the country, is the total absence of all attempt to- introduce those improve ments: for which the Home Government gave up so. splendid I an income. Nature lias done much up this Sydney road in spreading an immense level, hut Government has done ; nothing. This same Government, so- enger to impose-, taxes on the diggers at both ends, has not done a single thing to make ( the road to the- diggings passable. There is scarcely a; wooden : bridge over a gully ; and there is not a dangerous piece- of hill side or precipice where the Government spade or pick has left its trace. The diggers, and the carriers of the supplies of their necessaries of life, whom the Government were ia such haste to tax, are left to make their way np the most terrible roads conceivable; as thev can-. Their parts, and rlrawi. are dashed to pieces ; their goods are shattered and damaged ; . their horses and bullocks are injured, and even killed, by scores, on roads, so called, for the making of which so splendid a revenue is resigned! by mother England. Yet this Govern ment, which does absolutely nothing on the reads, takes care to sit at the end of them, like a dragon, to»swal low-up the wreck which remaihs to these suffering men. " But even more surprising, with this lust of income,.is that stupidity to which I have already drawn attention, of neglecting the toll which might be secured, on a fair scale, at rivers like the Gonlburn, and allowing publicans to fleece the puWTc at those places by the most monstrous impositions. It is impossible to< conceive stolidity beyond this, — particularly, existing; mot ocu an entirely new road, but on this, the great mail rqad to Sydney ! — while the condition of the maii, carried iit an ordinary Spring-cart, is universally complained of, as most wretched, unsafe? and inefficient?" The authoB'speaka- thus otf the dictr at the diggings and- of its pests the, flies. " All the meat weget , here is intolembly tough, partly because, the diggers say, the squatters are killing off first what they call their hospital flocks — the scabbiesfitsheep, and. those worn, to skeletons with foot-rot.; and partly, because it is obliged to he eaten immediately on account of the heat and. flies? which are txulyi described by a Melbourne- advertiser of wire-gauze dish-covers As " the insect pests of Australia." A& fortius- little black devil fly, I give up. all attemps to convey any idea of it as a perpetual torment ; and the blow-flies we are contented with if they dont fly-blow ourselves. They blow your blankets, or anything that has a particle of woollen about its. The otlier day Charlton;' was skinning a flying squirrel' just shot ; and it. was crawling with live maggots before he had finished it. We saw an ox in a dray, which h id t it eye hurst, and there were actually dozens-of maggots in it, eating it out; But stranger still, a gentleman in a party working nean us. hurt his eye with the handle of a windlass; and the next morning feeling a strange creeping sensation, in it, "he get up and to his. horror actually saw it alive with maggots." The author meetawith a neck-oivnothing character. " Alfred and I, walking through the diggings were accosted by a geidle- MIMM 1lrn/\\.lvn<i h/IAM . I 1« U /imiih'n /» A AM TT .. Lo.I maX HIM a/ L/i /ftU/t, «UWMJrtU uccun/li gAUUiUf XICIJIM. OiUtC U<£ came up? £200. and was very jolly : he had challenged the diggers to ride a steeple-chase amongst the holes? for a large - bet, and had won. it ; for ; when it came to the - point, no body- dared to follow; him in his-raad-capidash righfeover a region of pits, enough to have broken the necks, and: destroyed the riders, of any number of horses ; hut by the luck of such -neck-or-nothing men, he escaped, the wonde-B of a gaping crowd of some thousands and pocketed the cash. He now insisted that we-must go and take a glass of wine with him at his-tent, hut as we were late, for dinner at oui own? we . excused ourselves till another, day. On hearing this he /suddenly disappeared down a hole some twenty or thirty feet deep) and again speedily emerged with a bottle in one pocket and a tumbler in another. It was a bottle of excellent : port ; he knocked off the - neck with.a stone, poured out a tumbler for each of us, andithrew the empty- bottle down another hole near; I, observed that such wine must have cost a good/price : i " Oh !" said he, " only 16s. a bottle.!' - j We must conclude our presents notice of this interesting ' work by. giving ihc author's account ofAlbury, and the style, i of farming which came under his service. 5 " Albury is- like mop of the towns up in, the hush -of this i cohntry. It is a, vdllage-oJt .pne- storied houses, scattered about jon a wretchedly flat sheet of baked clay, which , at this -time of ! the year grows only gOosc-grass, chenopodium, aud the Bathurst 5 bur (XantKium SpinosumJ, a plant with long triple spines like the barberry, and burs which .are ruinous -to the wool of the sheep— otherwise, itself very like -a.»cheuopodium, or goocl-fat- ' hen! . i " The town, consists-of a number, of inns, a shop or two, a ; bakehouse, and a quantity ,of wooden huts As usual, there \ is scarcely a single garden, and what garden there is only growing weeds, and cabbages in amicable disorder ; but there 1 is a large exJiihition of hack-yards full of carts, heaps of wood, and the like lumber. Every where .there is a slovenly colonial j air. The only attempt at cultivation which we observed was |at the far end of the village — a large stubble field, with a crazy barn in. it. The stubble was standing up about a yard high, as if the reapers had heeu too lazy to stoop, and had only | cut off the head of the corn ; while in some places it was pulled ; up by bullocks that were in the field. A portion of it/ploughed : up again, lay in huge lumps, which farmers in England call horses' heads." A couple of settler- looking men in white linen, coats- and huge straw hats?. wsre oil. horseback, with dogs, driving out bullocks. Altogether, it was oiie of the napst wretched attempts at tillage that I ever saw. 1 \ ' " But the truth is, that all the way across this colony, tflp " unrivalled fertility " of which is now boasted all over the ! world to draw emigrants, I have not seen a single farm, or a single agricultural attempt, except in one or two squatters'" i paddocks after leaving Melbourne twenty miles bbhind, up to this splendid example. The squatting system is a perfect! ! prohibition and incubus: of agriculture, andr therefore, of the i settlement of the country. How long is this to last? Iff squatting was a mere temporary expedient, to occupy the- ! waste lands till population, poured in, it is time that it should , at last retire before the population, so-far as is requisite. But if' it is to remain- as a whole for ever; and the perpetual destiny of the, colony is to he one great and intact sheep-walk, it- j should he fairly- stated, and the tide of emigratiom he allowed td» j diverge- into some . more auspicious quarter. To> invite popu - , lation on the ground that this- is a regioni of " unrivalled! ' fertility," is in Lord Demnuii's phrase, " a delusioni, a mockery" and a snare." And it shauld be remembered that, iin 1 demanding land for the advancing population!, it is- one tiling.: | to demand a sudden annihilation erf squatting, and another,, such a modification of it as. shall cede to- the agricultural . emigrant as; much as he needs. Long must he t'he term of " ; years before the squatter will be called upon fully to relinquish) | his wide unfenced wastes;; nay, when all shall, be eventually i enclosed, a judicious allocation of a tract of alluvial ground ; for tillage, with a large back -ground of ranges and lighter- ' soils, for flocks. and herds, will, unquestionably, as in England,., j leave the product of wool as; large as ever, with a product of? tillage not yet existing, immense in its amountT In fact, England, with all its enclosures, and its large proportion of" , corn-land, produces six times- the sheep and, tee ivool that: Yicteria does. " We were very soon satisfied with Albury: ami, not perceiving that the political! divisionwof the two colonies made- any difference whatever in;: the aspect of nature, but that:. burn t-up ground, and dusky, guin- trees still abounded, wc trotted back; again." 