TASMANIA. We have Hobart Town and Launceston jour nals to the 5th. His Excellency had returned to Hobart Town from a tour of inspection in the interior. A deputation of the citizens had waited on T. T). Chapman, Esq., M.L.C., to learn from him in what way he was desirous the sum subscribed for a testimonial to himself should be appro priated. In reply, he said that some memorial to hand down to his children would be most acceptable. The Colonial Secretary's family had taken their passage for Europe. The gossip of the city in reference to the pro bable composition of the new Parliament is in substance as follows : — Mr Henslowe is to be re tained as Clerk of the Legislative Council, and Mr C. E. Wilmot will fill the same office in the Assembly. The salaries are each £600, besides the increase. The Ushers of the Black Rod will come both from the northern side. There are many applicants. A report is. abroad that Mr R. W. Allison takes office a3 Secretary of Public Works, and that Mr Fraser waits patiently till the £600 per annum becomes his to retire. Mr Sutton, a relative of Sir H. Youngs takes Mr Hugh Hall's post at the Private Secretary's Office. The latter gentleman is not yet provided for. A Mr Pringle will, it is said, be returning officer. Mr Greorge Kemp is named for Oat lands, Mr C. Forster for Brighton, and Sir J. S. Dawson for Clarence. Launceston, March 5.—Many parcels of wheat have arrived in town this week, and the price has further de clined. Few buyers offer more than 7s. Gd., al though 8s. per bushel has in several instances been obtained. A considerable quantity of flour has latterly been shipped to Melbourne, but the nominal price here remains the same as at the close of last week. Hobart Town, March 3rd.—The markets arc gene rally dull, trade being restricted merely to the ordinary demand. In grain we have no material alteration to annauncc, for although flour is quoted at £30 per ton by the millers, a good sample of colonial, which is in great demand, will fetch from £34 to £36. The new wheat at present comes in but slowly, many of the settlers in the corn-growing districts having been occu pied in arresting the progress of the bush-fires which have been so prevalent of late, and the bakers having a considerable portion of imported Chilian on hand, which is sufficient for the present to meet the current demand. Potatoes are dull of sale, at from £5 to £5 10s per ton, and onions arc held back at £9 per ton, a large quantity having been prospectively purchased in crop for exportation, but - which have not yet been de livered. In other articles we have nothing particular to notice, with the exception ofi a small rise in timber and fire wood, the former consequent upon a demand for ex portation, which has cleared off a great quantity of the stock on hand. 