OMNIBUS FARES. To the Editor of the Argus. Sir,—Will you kindly inform me whether there is any established rate of charge by the Richmond omnibuses, and, if not, why one passenger should be charged 6d. and another 1s., by the same conveyance, for the same journey, and at the same time. The police and Town Clerk say the charge is optional. If so, it is fully time the rate should be fixed, as, from the proverbial civi- lity of drivers and conductors, female as well male travellers would be saved much present unnecessary annoyance. At present the rate charged by all the large omnibuses is 6d. to the Napier, both morning and evening, till dark. Some of the small cars charge 1s. from what they call sundown (half-past five o'clock), besides loading their cars to such(a degree as to make the journey not only uncomfortable, but dangerous. You will oblige by inserting the above, as it may be the means of calling the attention of the Town Council to the subject. F. A. Richmond. 23rd December, 1856. APPROACHING LAND SALES—Public land sales have been proclaimed in previous num- bers of the Gazette for sale at the undermen- tioned places and dates. Each sale will commence at eleven o'clock a.m.—Ballarat— Friday, 2nd January, 1857 ; Monday, 5th January ; Tuesday, 6th January ; Wednesday, 7th January. Beechworth—Monday, 29th December ; Tuesday, 30th December ; Friday, 2nd January, 1857. Geelong—Thursday, 15th January, 1857. Hamilton, Grange Burn— Monday, 29th December ; Tuesday, 30th De- cember. Heathcote-Monday, 29th Decem- ber, Kilmore—Thursday, 8th January, 1857. Melbourne—Monday, 29th December. Port- land—Monday, 29th December : Tuesday, 30th December. Sandhurst—Tuesday, 30th December: Wednesday, 31st December : Fri- day, 2nd January, 1857. CONTRACTS ACCEPTED. — Henry Roberts, catchwater drain in Reilly-street; £2,062 18s : George Rickard, extra work in the erection of out-offices, &c.;, at the Supreme Court House, Melbourne, £116 14s. ; John Gray, erection of a quarter and stable at Meredith, for the escort service, £155 10s. ; J. W. Merfield, sup- ply of four sets of Morse's telegraph appara- tus, at £35 each £140: John Grant Menon, William Dove, William Wilson, H. Hopwood John McDonagh, Joel Tomkins, and William Ogden, supply of rations for locks-up according to the scales for the service of 1857 : James Bodkin, James, Forsyth, James Brodie, Thomas Smith, Neilson and Thompson, Tho- mas Branagan, William Fox, Isaac Evans, Albert Barnes, and Robert C. Robson, for supply of hay and straw in such quantities as may be required during 1857, for various out- stations. HIGHWAY ROBBERY.—The correspondent of the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser states that on the 16th inst., Mr. Laing, of the firm of Meyers and Co., on his way from Four- Mile Flat to Avoca, was "stuck up." Mr. Laing was driving a dray, a desperado walked up to him and at once discharged a pistol at his head; the ball entered the face. Mr. Laing seeing the fellow drawing another pistol, with great presence of mind, which in all human probability, saved his life, jumped from the dray and seized the deadly weapon, when a desperate struggle ensued, each party, of course, wished to become master of the pistol. Mr. L. wished the would-be murderer to surrender the pistol on a promise of not being harmed; this, however, the ruffian de- clined, but fearing to part with the pistol, or to continue the struggle on so public a road, agreed to discharge it, on doing which he bolted. Mr. Laing is not dangerously injured, and after having his wound dressed, started off to try and find the fellow on the diggings. His search was unsuccessful, but I hope our police, who, though few, are zeal- ous, may succeed in tripping up the gentle- man's heels. Our police force out at once to be increased. THE LOST FOUND.—In our Saturday's issue appeared an advertisement offering a reward of £50 to any one who could give information of Mr. Samuel Brown of Bullock Creek, who had been missing from his home since Fri- day, the 12th inst. Rumour stated that on the evening of Saturday, the 13th inst., he came up from Epsom by the last conveyance, and was set down at the Criterion Hotel. Since then nothing had been heard, and all traces of him had been lost. On Saturday afternoon, however, his body was discovered in a water-hole by some diggers on the Back Creek side of the Bendigo Flat, in a line nearly opposite to Barrow's Bee-hive Hotel. Information was at once given to the police and a shell procured, in which the body was removed. We understand a sum of money and some papers were found on him when taken out of the hole. His horse has been in the possession of the police some days, having been found straying. No clue whatever has as yet been found to account for his being dis- covered in such an out-of-the-way spot.— Bendigo Advertiser. BUSH FIRES.—The Kilmore Examiner states that a bush fire was raging on the 31st Inst., from Whroo to Five-Mile Creek ; and that on Christmas Day the bush was on fire in the neighbourhood of Broadford, at Longwood, and other places. NEW APPOINTMENTS.—A Supplement to the Government Gazette, published on Saturday, notifies the following new appointments on the Vice-regal start : —Octavius Frederic Timins, Esquire, (late captain in her Majesty's 32nd Regiment,) to be Private Secretary to His Excellency; Lieutenant William Charles Bancroft, (of the 16th Regiment of Foot,) to be Military Secretary and Aide de Camp. 