TASMANIA. Wc have Hobart Town journals to the 4th and Launceston to the 5th instant. A deputation of the citizens of Hobart Town waited on T. D. Chapman, Esq., M.L.C, to learn from him in what waj' ho was desirous the sum subscribed for a testimonial to him- self should be appropriated. In reply, ho Baid that some memorial to hand down to his children would bo most acceptable. The Colonial Secretary's family have taken their passage for Europe. Tho gossip of the citjr in reference to tho probable composition of the new Parliament is in substance as follows:-Mr. Henslowe is to be retained as Clerk of the Legislative Council, and Mr. 0. E. Wilmot will fill the same office in the Assemblj', The salaries are each £000, besides the increase. The Ushers of the Black Rod will come both from tho northern side. There are maujr applicants. A report is abroad that Mr. W. R. Allison takes office as Secretary of Public Works, and that Mr. Fraser waits patiently till the £000 lier annum becomes his, to retire. The Returning Officers are to be appointed ibis week. There are many electoral districts whore competent persons cannot be found to take this office. . , Mr. Sutton, a relative of Sir H. Young, takes Mr. Hugh Hall's post at the Private Secretary's offico. The latter gentleman .is not yet provided for. A Mr, Pringle will, it is said, be Returning Officer. Mr. George Kemp is named for Oatlands, Mr. C. Fostor for Brighton, and Mr. J. S. Daw- son for Claronce. It is becoming a very general impression that the ballot is likely to prove impractica- ble, and certainly expensive. Others ask how It can be possible to have secret voting, wheu more than a fourth» of the voters can neither read nor write. Hollis and Smith are to head thecitj'poll according to that prophetic source, rumor ; Messrs. Chapman, Nutt, Brewer, and John Dunn arc to be " nowhere." Of the old members, Mr. Anstey is safe at Oatlands, Mr. Wedge at Morven, Dr. Butler at Brighton, Captain Fenton at New Norfolk, Mr. Gregson at Richmond, Mr. Morrison at Sorrell. It is questionable whether Mr. Shar- land is ccitain at Cumberland. Mn. DRY.-A portrait of this respected gen tleman was presented to Mrs. Dry, at the Cornwall Hotel, on Saturday last, by a few of his friends and late constituents. The sub- scribers wero represented by the Worshipful the Mayor of Launceston, Alderman Weedon, Alderman Dowling, Mr. Cleveland, and Mr. Penny. In the absence of Mr. Dry, J. W. Gleadow, Esq., accompanied Mrs. Dry, Mr Weedon read an address, to which Mr. Glea- dow briefly and feelingly replied, stating that Mrs. Dry would forward a written answer. The picturo represents Mr. Dry in his official costume as Speaker of the Legislativo Council, and is thought to be a faithful likeness of the honorable gentleman. The picture was painted by Mr. Robert Dowling in 1854, and is a work of considerable merit.-Launceston Examiner, 1st inst. Gonn AT AVOCA.-The Daily News having stated, in corroboration of the repotted dis- covery of gold at Avoca, that the Governor had seen four pounds weight of the precious metal taken from one hole in that locality : the Colonial Times of j'esteiday made inqui- ries at Government House, and obtained his Excellency's authority to state that the re- port was untiue. His Excellency saw no gold at Avoca ; but with lils attendants washed some surface stuff at Fingal, and ob- tained a few specks of the precious metal, hut no more. It is about timo that these hoaxes should cease.-Launceston Examiner, 1st inst. THE WEATHER.--BUSH-FIRES.--On Thurs- day last we were visited by one of the old- fashioned hot winds, which were formerly more prevalent than they have been of late years. During the fore part of the day, and up to four o'clock, it blew at intervals a per- fect hurricane, or rather a hot sirocco, hurling clouds of dust and small gravel into the faces of passengers, and into the shops and houses of the inhabitants. Shortly after four o'clock indications of a coming tempest were seen and felt; dark, lowering clouds overspread the sky, and the rain began to fall, at first in large elrops, and presently in a smart refresh- ing shower, accompanied by thunder and lightning, the rain continuing at intervals during the night, and inducing a very re- markable change of temperature from the most oppressive heat to very considerable cold. Mount Wellington on Friday morning exhibiting its first cap of snow this season. In the meantime bush fires were raging in all directions, and on both sides of the Derwent, and causing extensive damage. The Rich- mond-road was impassable to travellers, either on foot or on horseback for several hours, and a large extent of fencing, with shedss and other out-buildings has been destroyed in various parts of the country. At Bridge- water Mr. James Bonney has sustained da- mage to the amount of nearly £100 by the destruction of his fences, and other settlers in that locality have been also sufferers to a considerable extent, and amongst others Mr. James Horton, on whose land the fire burnt so fiercely as very nearly to consume his dwelling-house, and a large haystack, which the fire reached within a few yards, and ac- tually burnt the door-sill of his residence. A stye and fifteen pigs were also consumed, notwithstanding every exertion to save the animals. Mr. Mansfield, a neighbor, was particularly active in his efforts to save the pigs, as may be believed when we state that in catching hold of one which was still alive, one of its legs came off in his hand. It is impossible to calculate the amount of da- mage occasioned by these fires in different parts of the country, the long continuance of warm dry weather having rendered the materials so exceedingly conibustible.-- Hobart Town Mercury, 3rd inst. The bush-fires are still raging in diffe- rent parts of-the country. Those in the neigh- borhood of NewTown and Cambridge pre- sented a terrifically grand appearance last evening; and the high wind would in all probability cause them very much to extend. Colonial Times, 4th inst. PRISONERS FROJI MELHOURNE.-The two men who were returned in the Maid of the Yarra were brought before the police magistrate, and one of thom, who had been free for two ycais, was immediately liberated; the othor was remanded to Hobart Town for examina- tion.-Cornwall Chronicle. CARRICK RACES.-The farmers' cup was won hy Mr. Parr's Little Wonder ; the Gallo- way stakes by Mr. Dalton's Young Quiz ; tho tavern plato by Mr. Mence's Miss Lucy. Tho weather was very unfavorable. Mr. Jordan's Gay Boy won the brewers' purse, and Mr. Border's Prince Albert the steeplechase. 