CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Gipps Land Guardian. Sir,—In March, last year, I was requested to take charge of a Gold prospecting party; the failure of which expedition is, by some parties, very kindly attributed to me, and am accused of having descried the party and left them to follow the bent of their own inclinations, either to fol low up the search for gold in any part of the world they chose, on their own hook, or dispose of the rations and implements left with them in any way they thought best for their own interests. in those days the " Gipps Land Guardian" was not in existence, and if a man wanted to publish facts or fibs he was obliged to stick written pos ters on the trees for the edification of those of the public who might chance to see, and chose to read them;—your valuable paper has superseded this primitive style of advertising, and you will greatly oblige me by letting the subscribers too the prospecting expedition know, through your columns, that I deny having deserted the party. Gold in payable quantities having been found lately at the Nicholson, has very probably created the notion, that we might have done the same nearly twelve months ago—so we might, had we gone there; but the object of the expedition was to examine a specified locality in a very different direction; on my mentioning the possibility of there being no gold on the Thompson, I was recommended by Dr. Hedley (who interested himself more than any one else in the fitting out the expedition) to work towards Mount Baw Baw, his wishes we considered tantamount to an order, and we should have done so, but when we had been out about three weeks, I found it necessary to write to him to the following effect. "Thomson River, April 12th, 1855. " G. D. Hedley, Esq. " Sir,—I have to inform you that our search for gold has not yet been in any way successful, our operations have been confined to the southern side of the river, but we intend to cross in the direction of Glen Maggie in a day or two, though we shall not shift the main camp yet. I have not been gratified with the sight of the color of gold on this side the river as yet, though there may be a different result in the holes at present being sunk. " I have also to inform you that Henry Mat thews and Julian Roma have left the party this morning, Matthews gave me notice yesterday that he and Julian were going, I argued with him the impropriety of him leaving above all the rest, he being the chief instigator of the party having been fitted out, but I could not shake his deter mination to go. He told me his reasons for ask ing assistance and then leaving so soon, as follows:— "About fifteen months ago, Fontaine (one of the present party) started from Melbourne with an old French Captain on a prospecting tour through the Dandenong ranges, it having been reported that gold had been found there; while in the ranges the bush-fires drove them further back and eventually they were lost, and could not conceive where they were, they however, still kept on prospecting, as they had plenty of pro visions, but at length their dray broke down, and compelled them to pack their horse and look out for a road, while doing so they came across a hill and obtained several quartz specimens, the smallest of which, sold in Melbourne, for 28s. At length they found the road near to an accomo dation house and made their way back to Melbourne. "Fontaine had known Julian at some of the diggings, met him in Melbourne, and told him of the existence of this hill where he had got the specimens, and described the appearance of the country; and it was agreed that they two with Julian's mate, Matthews, should go out in search of this spot; this was about four months ago; when the time came to start, Fontaine was not to be found, and Matthews and Julian resolved to go without him. Matthews had been to Omeo, and on his way to Melbourne, had, along with his party then, prospected the country as they passed through the upper part of Gipps Land, and from the description Fontaine had given of the country he was in, and his wanderings— passing a deserted station, an accommodation, house and other places, Matthews concluded that Fontaine and his mate had been wandering about the neighbourhood of the Thomson and Mollon dara rivers. Accordingly, Matthews and Julian came into Gipps Land and asked Commissioner's Bob, had he seen the two Frenchmen (describing them) some time before, Bob swore he had; they asked Mr. King's splitters, Rowley, and Shields, at Mr Crooke's, all said they had seen these two identical Frenchmen, they were then confident it was as they had imagined and started out up the Thomson, the Mollondarra and Macalister rivers, till their rations and means were expended, but not giving up their search yet. Their confidence in finding this place in the neighbourhood of Gipps Land induced thorn to seek assistance from the inhabitants;—the result was the fitting out of the present party. On the afternoon of the last meeting held at the Royal Hotel, Matthews and Julian were astonished to see Fontaine in Tarraville, and told him they were then going to look for this hill of his, but Fontaine gave them to understand he had never been on this side of the Fern-tree-gullies before, their hopes of find ing this particular spot in Gipps Land was crushed at once, but having a few minutes before given their word to the subscribers to go in search of gold, they considered it too late to retract when they found the assistance they requested and their wishes gratified. "This is the substance of Matthews yarn to me, he also told me he was confident there was no gold SW. of this towards the Mollondara, which, is partly corroborated by our not even finding the color, and having no money he must go and work on some station till he earned some and start again in search of this hill. "The rest of the party don't seem to care about them going, I put the question to them last night, and they gave me their words of honor they would continue the search till the rations were exhausted. Perhaps you will find volun teers to fill the places of those who are gone. " Matthews going away, and what he said to me puts a different feature on the expedition in my estimation, and I therefore beg to request you will find some person to take my place here; the main object—the search for gold can still continue, but I would decline having anything further to do with the party, I therefore hope to find myself at liberty to look after my more im mediate interests in about 9 or 10 days time, sooner if possible. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your .obedient servant, ALLAN BURN." In accordance with my request, Dr. Hedley obligingly appointed another person to head the party, and when he had taken charge, I left it. Before concluding allow me to observe that I did not seek to be placed in charge of the party; I was strongly urged to go, with promises that were not performed, and payment that I have not received in full. I am, Sir, Your obedient, servant, ALLAN BURN. 