CHRISTMAS AMUSEMENTS. Below we give a list of the various amusements provided in this district for the holiday keepers during Christmas. CASTLEMAINE. Theatre Royal.— Mr. and Mrs. Craven (for- merly Miss Eliza Nelson), on Thursday com- mence an engagement for six nights. The "world- renowned" picco player will also appear. On New Year's Day, from 50 to 100 gifts are to be distributed among the audience. Albert Theatre.-— A dramatic company has been engaged by Mr. Jones, and several new pieces are to be presented. Some good singing may also be heard. The Cumberland Hotel, Barker- street.—On Friday and Saturday grand wrestling matches for prizes amounting in the aggregate to £50. The prizes are open to alI weights, and the sports will commence each day at ten o'clock, A concert and ball will take place place each evening. At the Criterion Hotel there is the usual excel- lent corps of vocalists, whose merits are too well appreciated to need any commendation here. FOREST CREEK. Australian Hotel.—A grand wrestling match on Friday, for three prizes. To commence at ten o'clock. In the evening, Childs and Smith will illustrate the principles and practice of British boxing, and sparring will be exhibited by some well-known professors of the noble art of self- defence. CAMPBELL'S CREEK. Bath Arms.—Several skittle matches are to be played here during the week, and on New Year's Eve a grand ball and supper will come off. Eagle Tavern. — Mr. Sutcliffe announces that on and after Christmas-day his well arranged gardens will be open, gratis, for public prome- nading. A pigeon-shooting match will take place on the 23th, and other sports are provided. FRYERS CREEK. Races.— The third meeting of the Fryer's Creek and Loddon Races will take place on Tues- day and Wednesday, Dec. 30 and 31. There will, in all probability, be some excellent sport. The prizes on the first day are— the Maiden Plate, the Fryer's Town Plate, the Fryer's Creek Purse, a Pony Race, and a Hack Race. Second day — the Vaughan Cup, the Publicans' Purse, the Puddlers' Purse, a Hurdle Race, and Consolation Stakes. The races will commence each day at eleven precisely. Freemasons' Tavern, Fryer's Town.—Wrestling, jumping, skittle and quoit playing, are advertised at this hotel, to take place this day (VVednesday), when the first prize in the wrestling match will be a silver watch and guard. The wrestling commences at twelve o'clock. At the Talbot Motel, Harcourt, a pigeon shoot- ing match will come off on Friday, and a select ball and supper in the evening. Taradale Hotel, Taradale.— A variety of "Old English sports," including sack races, climbing greasy poles, grinning through a horse's collar, bobbing for oranges, loaves, treacle, &c.;, a set-to, a foot race, &c.; &c.; &c.; , p'lsh Fires. — On Saturday the atmosphere was in u ®!nke, evidently from some bush-fires 0 tiie vicinity of Sandhurst, but it was impossible In m what direction'. At night, however, the thn was eviHent, for a lurid glare of light in turn n,?h-west horizon attracted general atten- tva',. Ihere was evidently a large fire away in direction of the Whipstick Scrub; how far oat!v unP0!3ible tp say, but probably at the Th» irts Ihe scrub— some fifteen miles off. ,Ai:?. re travelled several degrees in a northerly vHW during the night. — Bmligo Miirlwr. 