THE "DAVID G. FLEMING." Captain Hatfield, the master of this vessel, again appeared at the Police Court, Williams- town, yesterday, to answer complaints entered against him, on behalf of the passengers, by Mr. Broad, Senior Assistant Immigration Officer, for breaches of the 25th and 36th sec- tions of the Passengers Act, during a recent voyage to this port. On the bench were Lieutenant Pasco, R.N., and Mr. Verdon. Mr. Broad conducted the prosecution in person, and Mr. Read appeared for the defence. The first complaint called on was the alleged breach of the 25th section of the act, which section provides for the enforcement of penal- ties in cases in which sufficient water-closets are not provided for the use of the pas- sengers. Mr. Broad was examined, and stated : I am -Senior Assistant Immigration Officer for the port of Melbourne. The David G. Fleming had only four water- closets on her arrival, for the use of 870¼ adult passengers during the voyage. The registered tonnage of the ship is 1,426 tons. On inspection I found one of the closets was set apart for the females, num- bering about 100. The other three were set apart for the males. George Roberts, examined, stated : I was a steerage possenger by the David G. Fleming. There were four water-closets on board during the voyage—three for males and one for females. This was exclusive of the cabin passengers. The same number of closets were upon the sailing of the ship from Liverpool. The Bench inflicted a penalty of £25, one- half of the fine to go to the passengers ap- pearing—about forty. 'The complaint for breaches of the 36th sec- tion, which provides penalties for bad pro- visioning and short supplies of water, was then called on. Mr. Broad called the following witnesses :— Edward Cook, examined by Mr. Broad : I was a steerage passenger by the David G. Fleming. During the voyage I received two quarts of cold water per day and one quart of hot water in the shape of tea. When I had pea-soup I had to take water out of my two quarts for the purpose of cooking. Nothing was cooked for me in the galley in fresh water except I myself provided the water. I was short of flour during the last week of the voyage, and received only one half of my allowance. During the last three weeks I had no raisins : the purser informed me that there were none left. The ship left Liverpool on the 26th August, and arrived here on the 27th November. No substitute was offered me for the raisins. For about the last six weeks I did not receive any lime-juice, I did not myself apply for it. I had no lime- juice or raisins at the commencement of the voyage until the 7th September, neither did I receive any flour, oatmeal, preserved potatoes, or suet until the 8th September. No pepper, mustard, or salt was served out until the 9th September. The bread was bad for about three weeks during the voyage. William Miller, examined by Mr. Broad: I was a steerage passenger by the David G. Fleming. I did not receive quite two quarts of cold water per day. I received about one pint of hot water per day in the shape of tea, I had to provide water for cooking rice and potatoes out of my allowance of two quarts The potatoes I brought on board myself. For several days after the ship sailed I did not re- ceive any flour. The passengers made several complaints during the voyage to the doctor, and to the third and chief officers. I was short of raisins for about a fortnight or three weeks, and for the last week of the voyage I only received one half allowance of flour. For about a month or six weeks I did not re- ceive any lime-juice. The beef was very bad for a short time. It smelt very strong, and when it was boiled with the pork it made the latter taste bad. The bread was bad for about two months. I complained to the doctor that it was mouldy, and he told me to brush it, observing that he had to eat the same bread himself. Cross examined by Mr. Read; The beef was off and tainted. I could push my fingers through it if I wished, but I never tried to do so. There were eight in the mess, of which I formed one. For a long while we only had twelve quarts of water per day for the mess, but when we complained we had fifteen quarts. We were entitled to two quarts each. I did not draw the water. More often than not I did not receive more than half a pint of hot water as tea mornings and evenings. I swear I did not receive a pint each meal. I complained to the chief officer of this, but not to the captain. On one occasion the whole eight did not receive half a pint of water be- tween them for one meal, and this the tea absorbed the whole of, so that we had none to drink. The cook said he had no more water, and that he did not know what had become of it. On some occasions the cook said the passengers had stolen the water, but I do not believe they did. It was with the consent of the passengers that water was given to the cook, at the rate of one quart per day per pas- senger for tea. We were supposed to receive the two quarts per diem ourselves. The cook told me that he did not receive the full allow- ance, but on some occasions he gave me more than my allowance. On some occasions we had beef and pork on the same day. I cannot begin to think how many times. Some messes would select beef and others pork, and both would be boiled together. ln the first portion of the voyage we helped ourselves to bread—from six weeks to two months the bread was mouldy, and, there was a perfect scramble among the passengers for good pieces. The doctor answered our complaints by asserting that he ate the same bread himself. For the last six weeks of the voyage the bread was very good. For the last two or three weeks we had no raisins. I did not draw the rations myself. Re-examined by Mr. Broad: On one or two occasions the water served out to the pas- engers was rain water caught from the scup- per-holes, of the washings of the deck. Thomas Long, examined by Mr. Broad: I was a passenger in the David G. Fleming, and was in the same mess as the previous witness, I drew water for six, and was supposed to get twelve quarts, a quart each being stopped for tea and breakfast, but we did not get more than about half a pint of tea each pas- senger, mornings and evenings. I had no water allowed to me for cooking. The provisions were cooked in the galley, and what fresh water was wanted for cooking we had to supply from our two quarts. For the first two or three weeks our mess had provisions cooked from other fresh water than that which was supplied ourselves, but afterwards we had to find it out of our two quarts per man. I saw rain water caught from the scupper-holes and conducted down to the tanks below. At the lat- ter end of the passage this water was served out to the paasengers for drinking purposes. I received raisins during the whole of the pas- sage, but they were not good. For the past three or four weeks I did not receive any lime- juice. I did not draw the provisions during the first portion of the voyage, but for the first fortnight I did not receive any flour. Cross-examined by Mr. Read : After about three weeks or a month two of our mess which originally numbered eight, divided off and I only drew water for six. The cook did not know this. We never received our full quantity of water. The hot water was given to us in our hook-pots, and in the quantities for each mess, and the messes subdivided the quantity among themselves. There never was an occasion, that I am aware of, when we only had one half a pint among the whole mess. Sometimes the bread was very good, and sometimes it was very bad. On some occasions the good and bad were mixed. We were told to throw aside bad, but we were not given good in place of it after the bread was weighed out. We often asked the purser to give us good bread for the bad, but he refused, observing that he could not help it that the bread was bad. Before the passage concluded the passengers agreed on making complaints against that provisioning of the ship. Mr. Broad said, as he was suing for penal- ties on the part of the Crown, he would take their Worships' decision on the three cases heard. Mr. Read then addressed the Court on behalf of the defendant, and remarked upon the discrepancies which existed in the state- ments of the witnesses which had been ex- amined. The Bench inflicted a penalty of £2 14s. in each of the three cases proved, one-half of the penalties to go to the three witnesses. This decision was given on the understanding that £1 7s., one-half of the penalty inflicted in each case, should be given to every passenger in attendance for the purpose of supporting the complaint. Sixty-two and a half passen- gers appeared; the amount of the penalty for this latter complaint will therefore amount to the sum of £92 9s. 6d. The total sum of the penalties inflicted for the whole of the complaints against the captain of the ship amounts to £168 3s. 6d. BUSH FIRES.—On Monday several bush fires were observed around Sandhurst—one in the direction of Break o' Day Gully, and the other towards the Whipstick. As the summer advances bush-fires will be frequent, and care should he taken by travellers not to leave fires burning in dangerous situations.—Bendig Ad- vertiser. 