LOCAL COURTS. GAWLEB : TBTTBSDAY, MAECH 12. [Before Mr. H. D. Murray and Philip Butler (Special Magistrates), and Stephen King, J.PJ DtrrptELD AITD ANOTHER V. EOBEETS. Action to recover £11 2s. 6cL, loss in consequence of defendant not having delivered to the plaintiffs about 177 bushels of wheat as per contract. Plea, not indebted. Ji;chard James Turner, one of fee plaintiffs, proved that on the 16th August last the plaintiffs bought of de fendant about 400 bushels of wheat at 7s. 9d. per bushel, 200 bushels to be like the simple delivered, and 200 bushels, with a few oats-if many oats, some little allow ance to be made-to be delivered ia a week, if fine. De fendant delivered about222 bushels by the 9th September, and received payment for that quantity. On the 17th September, plaintiffs wrote to defendant requesting him to send in the remainder. He replied by letter on the 23rd of the same month that the quantity sent was all that was fit for sale, on account of the quantity of oats and drake iu the remainder. Wheat had then risen about Is. 3d. per bushel. The defendant deposed that he had agreed to sell to the plaintiffs the remainder of his wheat, which he thought at the time would be about 400 bushels, and he had fulfilled his agreement by sending the whole in accordingly. Ue had not since sold any wheat to any other pcrsvn. Judgment for the plaintiffs for the full amount and costs. Ascock v. Bootkby (Sheriff). Action for £30, the value of a horse and cart, im properly sold by defendant, under a fi.fa. in the case of Kingsmill v. Hoggins, such horse and cart being the property of the plaintiff, and let out to Hoggins on hire. Flea, that the hiring set forth was fraudulent and bad at law. It was proved on the part of the plaintiff that on the 19th January last Huggins was indebted to him in £32, on a bill of exchange, which had become due a day ortwo previously. Hoggins not being prepared with the money, plaintiff bought the horse and cart in qnestion of him for the amount of the acceptance, which was given up to Huggins. Possession was taken bytbeplaintiH and imme diately afterwards, at Huggins's request; he agreed to let the horse and cart on hire to him for 21 days. The plaintiff did not blow in what circumstances Huggins then was, nor that a judgment had been obtained against him. The next'day the.SheriiTs Officer took possession of {Juggins's goods, and, notwithstanding notice given by the plaintiff to the Sheriff; the horse and cart were sold, and the pro ceeds handed over by the Sheriff to the plaintiff's at torney in Kin?smill v. Huggins. It was contended by defendant's attorney that the sale was bad as against the judgment creditor, on the ground that the dis honours bill of Huggins was not a sufficient considera tion for the sale, and that the receipt given by Hoggins to the plaintiff should have been registered as a hill of sale under the Registration Act. The Court, however, thought otherwise, and gave judgment for (he plaintiff for the fbll amount, reserving, however, at the request of the defendant's attorney, the above points for the consideration of the Judges of the Supreme Court. Hawley V. Heath. Action for £11 Is., for money paid and board and lodging. Plea, not indebted. ., Judgment for plaintiff for £3 10s. and costs, to be paid in weekly instalments of 10s. TAYLOK V. Holwhs. Action for £11, amount of promissory nolo and in* terest. Judgment for the full amount and costs. Dowjmra v. WILCOX. Action to recover £30, damages in respect of defen dant's having unlawfully taken goods of plaintiff, and detained the same. Defendant bad distrained the goods mentioned for rent. Plaintiff replevied, and brought this action. The question turned as to whether the plaintiff.had agreed to pay his rent weekly. The Court decided he had not, and gave judgment for him for £113s. POET Adelixde : Wedotssdat, MABCH 18. f Before Mr.R. F» Kewland and Dr. Duncan.] SmJGGLixq>-T/iomas JBUU,.a. cuddy servant on board the Ashmore, pleaded guilty to tlie charge of smuggling from that vesspl o- tea «addy and a quantity of silk, together of the value of 10s. ? Mr. Newland told defen dant he had rendered himself liable to a penalty not exceeding £100, Tpor less than £20, or . to a fine equal to three times the value of the goods.smuggled.' Mr.' Conway, Acting Collector; of: Customs, said he had no desire to press hardly on the accused. He thought the requirements of the case -would be mfit by the infliction of a fine amounting- to thrice the worth of the.goods. Fined 30s., and the,articles forfeited. ? ' ? TijrcjDA) Thp2SJ>at,-JTiBca 12. [Before Messrs. John Stewart Browne (Special Magis trate), \V. Jacob,.- Aldcnhoven.and E. Xlacim.J ' Fibe nr TOE Opes Aie.-Zudtcig Stolle was charged under the Bush-Fires Act wjth.'hayingjnadca firc.in tije " open air without clearing away the.grass amd-leaves>to therequired distance. Defendant ©leaded guilty. Fined £2andcoits. ASSAULTS.-William Dcnion was' charged on the in--, formation of Jghann Heuirieh..with.having committed an assault upon him, on the 27 th tebruaryat Txiai-Hili : Flat, between U and 12,'o'clock'at-night. ..fined 10s.-.-' and C06ts.-Jameg Z/antoitran diprggd on the informs- i tion of Johanfi Hcinrich wit)i tyiviUs committed^simir i lar offence at the same tim^and place. -lined-10s. and costs.-Ctristiqn-Joenjemm eharged-on the inti mation of Wflhflp, Hunat, having,.committed an assault upon hijn at. G^eenqck, <m-Uie 2dd March last . Defendant pleaded gailty. Fined.^a.anicosb..: ? . <vm.na^>idsnnr, ' Mbh." ffnABMEB-jVf. Pit. HubbbL , ?'?' ; This was ari^ictio&; tojrecover.^ie jpun ql 2A,? i due for books;, u j,*.-. ..t ... ..»:.; . ».< . « 1 Verdict for " ,r ^ , MAITBM hixan v. FJOTZ KOCHWT. Tmi>«atm section to recover the ram of £USi, together -with the Interest on 11 years, being money <loe for Jjsssase from Germany. The debt could not olearlylje proved. i'laintiff nonsuited. MATTHIAS LAJTGB V. Cmtxsnur GOXSCK. ' This was a - similar action to the last, to recover the sum of £1818s. Nonsuit for plaintiff. MATTHIAS LAITGE v. F. KOSLBAGBS. Another action of the same kind, to recovcr the sum of 4330, expended in behalf of defendant as passage-money from Germany, together with interest for 11 years. Additional proof being required the case was allowed to stand over. CAB£ SCHMIDT V. ADOIFH Nxutuunr. This was as action to recover the sum of £1% loss and damage sustained by plaintiff, defendant having driven . from plaintiff's land six bulloekB and iUegtdly impounded them. Nocsait for plaintifil - . MrcsAEi, TisruAWs v. Saras. An action to recover the sum of £18 7s. 3d., beiii? half the value of a fence erected by plaintiff on his botmdary, and made equal use ofby both parties. Verdict for plaintiff for the amount. E. W, HJLBBTDORF T. JoHAirrrA BL NITSCEKB. This was an action to recover the sum of £30, being loss and damage sustained by plaintiff by the breach of promise of marriage of Johanna H. Nitsehke. Plaintiff was unable to prove any actual damage or IOSB. Verdict for defendant. P. E. MATTSIBSSSH V. C. EOOTZ. An action to recover the amount of £il Is. 5d" dne for goods delivered. Verdict for plaintiff; defendant topay half the debt on the 1st April and the other half on the 1st .May. 