Ill : Ili CASTLEMAINE TOWN COUNCIL. sKjfe-' Monday, Jan. 5. . . . ... Present : Messrs Andrews (Chairman), Paynter, aSgk . . ! and Smith. ; j»W-This meeting had nearly lapsed, ari a quorum pjlpiwas not in attendance till twenty -five; minutes to ffpeven, half an hour only ibeing- allowed grace. The SChairman then arrived, however, when the busi- Viiess proceded, and then the Town Clerk read'the vj; -minutes of the last meeting, which were passedl | . He then brought forward-the ' "' ' > ' ; COaKESrONpENOE.j ' 7- " ' ' Letters were then read from the Public .Works ( 'Office, stating plans, &c.;,forMarket-place h'ad.beeri v received, and acknowledging, receipt . of weigh- : ? VbHdge plans; from the Road Engineer's Office, . fBarker's Creek, relative to the' completion of the i i main road to Bendigo, and also stating that Jicifrjproceeded through Kennedy-street ; from the : :;Oentral Road Board Office, stating that the 'Bridges in the neighborhood would-be attended :;'tb'hy the Road Engineer; from the Treasury re-' .speoting the payment of the second moiety, and ; -promising to pay ' due attention " to the Coun cil's request ; from Mr. G. H. Verdou, chairman 'proceedings instituted in the late municipal con ference in Melbourne ; from the Treasury, stating that the weights and measures ordered had not . yet arrived from Melbourne; from ratepayers in 'Mostyn-street, complaining of the surface water running from Lyttleton-street and damaging their property, and directing the Council's atten- .tion to the matter; from-Mr. R. Nairne and Mr. Prendergast, requesting to be placed on the rate- payers' roll from Mr. Richards, resigning his position as municipal councillor from press of business engagements : from the Inspector of . Nuisances, announcing that he had. marked nine-, -teen.trees in the public streets, for the purpose of: Treirioval. The letters from Publio Works, the Road En-' gineer, Central Road' Board, and the Treasury, were received without discussion, on the motion of; Mri 'Paynter.. , A letter from the Municipal Council Of Willi-' amstown was referred to the Finance and Legis-. Tative Committees. .The>pplication of.the rate-1 payers in Mostyn- street was referred to the Public ,. Works' Committee, subject to the Inspector's ; report.. ; Messrs. Nairne and Prendergast were placed on ' the ratepayers' roll, as they wished, and Mr. Rienards's resignation was . accepted. The Inspector's suggestion relative to the trees ; being cut down caused some : discussion, and that gentleman was called on to explain where the trees .were, situated. He specified several that .were ' specially dangerous, and. said if the Council re- . fus_ed\ to act, any damage resulting from their non-removal would fall on the Council. Even- tually.it was determined to postpone the further . Consitleratioa of the matter till next week, in 'order to allow one of the Council to accompany .. thejnspector and see the trees complained of. -iMtt Paynter brought up the report of the .-- Legislative Committee, which :was received and > adopted. ' \- Mr. Smith brought up the report of the Public 'Works Committee, refusing the petitition of C. 'A.Saint and others, for making a roadway to : ' Lyttleton-street beyond Urquhart-street, and also . refusing to allow 11. Page to plant trees before his house, as it was contrary to the Police Act. The report was adopted. Mr; Paynter brought up the report of the Finance Committee, recommending payments to the Irripector of Nuisances .£13 1 Is, Town Clerk £25, Town Surveyor £25 ; also recommending that before a distress warrant was issued against Mri Wilson, the solicitor, who refused to pay his rates,- that legal advice be taken thereon. Tenders for cattle and slaughter yards and manure depot, were received from Mr. J. Slee £915, from A. J. Rust £971, from L. Barnes £950,t'from P. M'Callum & Co. £1000, from A. Clugston £950, from W. D. Lay & Co £970 10s, D. Kennedy £950, from M; C. Campbell £860 15S..:!". -'--The- -tenders were ballotted and Mr. Sice's was accepted. A letter was read from Cairns '& Co., of the Carron Timber Yard, Melbourne, offering to sup ply a weighbridge to weigh five tons for £180. On the motion of Mr.- M'Millan, it was determined to postpone the matter for a week. . .7:. .li motions.' Mr. M'Millan briefly brought fdrward his' motion; of which he had given notice, to ' the effect-that the principal streets be kerbed "and , channelled, and their roadways irinde. jMtVjPaynteh seconded the motion.' ' ;;. ':MrMiTir moved an amendment, that the sub-'' . jeo'tj'ljq.'; referred to the Committee of Public Worksj-as the true levels of the streets had not yet been ascertained. Mri-M'millan replied, admitting that .the le vels must be first ascertained, and. stating that' he did riot wish his motion to be carried into effect tillithc real positive levels be proved correct. The .CiiAinMAN put the motion ; which was carried; . ;MfI'Smitii moved the suspension of standing; orders, 'in order to move that the police be com municated with to prevent firearms being ' dis charged' in the township on the Sabbath day. Carried. ' Mr., Smith also moved that lamp posts with lamps and burners he erected at various parts of the tqwnship ; in all making 22. This- had been omitted in the Public Works' Report, and it was. now brought forward, and carried.', . Mr. Smith also brought under the notice of the " Council .the fact that a bonfire had been kindled last Sunday evening on the top "of the hill near the. Stockade, and wished' to draw the attention of the,pplice toit. notice or motion; . , ; By-.Mr. Smith.— That the Legislative Com- -mittee' do form g.nd bring, up a bye-Jaw for the ; 'prifjibiie'of causing all persons to remove' all' ob-! str,uctions off the footpaths to a distance of twelve !->:ifloni the building line. . ' ,; The Council then adjourned. . ; .'fv-'PoZice Court Return. — We have been favoured . .with\a, tabular statement of all. cases heard and. applications made at the Court of Petty Sessions, Castleinaine, for the year ending 31st December, 1836\. ' The total number of cases arid applications adjudicated on by the Bench during that period was 3,374, which gives an average of about eleven per,day throughout the year, excepting -Sundays. Of the cases, 53 were, committed for trial at the Circuit Court ; inrihe cases dealt with summarily, . -we: find— petty larceny, 71 ; vagrancy, 128 ; ob scene language, 195 ; drunk, 618 ; assault, 290 ; lunacy, 188. Under the head of "Applications," afe— for publican's licenses, 172; refreshment licenses, 67 ; slaughtering licenses, 32. Only 193 dogs appear to have been registered. The total .amount received as iocs is £359 14s. lid.; li censes,. £552 5s.; fines, £1768 14s. 6d. ; total £2£80. 14s. 6d. The Forest Creek Cold-mining Company and the Campbell's Creek Company are the only two registered during the year. The return from which we have gathered the above , particulars is exceedingly interesting, and con-; veyii an idea of the large amount of business done favour local police-court. Red Hill Music Hall,—The first of a series of musical entertainments came off in the above hall; on Saturday evening. The affair was most successful, and reflected the greatest credit on both proprietor and artistes. The attendance was large, with an unusual sprinkling of the fair sex. The Concert commenced with the "National- An them Miss Louisa Swannel and Mrs. Cravcri taking the solo parts ; the chorus being well sus tained by the gentlemen of the company. Bliss Swannell possesses a voice of great volume and sweetness, and sang the beautiful music assigned to her with remarkable feeling and expression, and with a total absence of affectation. BIrs. Craven is a beautiful singer, and manifested con siderable power of execution and intonation, Mr. Dixon sung well and was highly applauded. Mr.- Small fairly electrified the audience with his comical and bygone impersonations. BIr. and Mrs. Craven sung an amusing coinic duet, each do ing Jheir part to perfection. Bliss Swannell un fortunately was down in the programme for only one song, " Why do I weep for thee.". . This she rendered with such exquisite feeling that the au dience gave one uuanimous encore, towhich she res ponded by singing "Nora M'Cree." BIr. Craven siiug the " Dream of Love," and was loudly en cored. The American Picco proved himself to he all that had been stated in his praise. The evening's entertainment concluded with the farce of " Tic Doloreux." It was well adapted to display to advantage the peculiar ability of Mrs. Craven. It would be well, however, on future occasions, especially where such a galaxy of talent has been drawn together, if the proprietor divided the labors of the evening more equally among the company. We are glad to find that Mr. Low's efforts to furnish a superior class of entertainments are likely to be crowned with success. They are to be continued throughout the week. The Mopohe Reef. — We lately referred to some successful operations on this reef, and another in stance of the good results of perseverance has just been reported to us. A claim, which had been worked at intervals during a period of fifteen months, without giving much encouragement, re cently exhibited indications of being highly auri ferous, and at a depth of a hundred and twenty- five feet the main reef was struck, disclosing a width of twelve feet. The first ton crushed yielded twenty-eight ounces, the second, thirty- six ounces; third, fifty- three ounces eighteen pennyweights, and the fourth, twenty-eight dunces ten pennyweights. The quartz was not selected, but crushed with the slate, sandstone, &c.;, with which it became mixed in the course of excavation. We are informed that twelve hun dred pounds was recently offered for a quarter share in .the claim, and refused. One of the claims on this reef was disposed of by the original owner, after he had been working on it for some time, for a bottle of brandy. The purchaser, some weeks after transferred it for twelve pounds to another : person, who, having persevered in working it, now finds his industry rewarded by a yield, of several- ounces to the ton from a. vein which he has- struck at a depth of eighty feet. This circumstance' was narrated to us by the man who originally held the claim, and who professes to be exceedingly annoyed at having parted 'with it upon the easyiterms mentioned. Anniversary of the Loyal Castlemaine Lodge of Odd Fellouis. — This body hold their anniversary, and' walk in procession, to-morrow (Thursday) and all members are requested to be at the Cri terion Hotel, at 12 o'clock, in order to join in the ceremony. After this is over there is to be a grand dinner at the above hotel, and from the well known character of the caterers, the good things of this life may he expected in perfection. The procession is expected to he a very grand one, as the Oddfellows muster pretty strongly in Castlemaine, and many of our most respectable citizens belong to the order. , . Election of a Local Court at Tarrangower. — Mr. Mackenzie, the warden, and newly-appointed ChiiirnraD of "thc Lucal Ouurt about to be esta blished at Maldon, has, we are happy to see, taken the initiative in reforming the mode of election. The last Local Cburt election at Castle maine was a great improvement on its predeces sors, hut Mr. Blackenzie intends still more ration ally to conduct this one by having the nomina tion to-day (Wednesday), and holding the elec tion on Friday, if any poll is demanded. This is a Btep in the right direction, for we cannot see that a Court to watch over and legislate for the miner should not be elected with as great Care and propriety as a municipal council, or anything of the kind. Melbourne Gold Circular.— Saturday, 3 I'd Jan. — The price of gold remains unaltered, viz., 77s to 78s 6d, with a good supply and brisk demand. The Orwell's shipment of 48,384 ounces falls somewhat short of the exact quantity to complete our twelve millions of export, but if we take into account what has paid duty for shipment by the vessels now laid on for Britain and elsewhere, the- amount is in excess of the million per month. In commencing to record the transactions of the sixth year of our gold produce, we cannot hut look hack with some degree of gratification at the result of the year just closed, and augur a result for the year entered upon, equal, if not superior to the past. But while recording such interesting| facts, we cannot help raising our voice against the- system adopted by our hanking establishments Of this colony, in stepping in and elbowing out their customers from trading in thisimportant produce.. This impolitic course has now been carried on for some years to the prejudice of every trader in the' colony. If the government carry out their views in regard to, a National Bank of Issue, we question: whether the present monopoly can be continued. The escorts from Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoea, and Fiery Creek have, not come forward, which makes our escort appear under its usual quantity. Gold shipped in 1857, 51,627 ountes, or, 2 tons, 3 cwt., 2 lbs. 3 ozs, whioh, at eighty shillings per. ounce, gives £206,508.— Edward Khull, bullion broker, 69, Collins-street west. Melbourne Election —The election to supply the vacancy in the representation of Melbourne, oc casioned by the resignation of Mr. O'Shanassy, in favor of Kilmore, took place on Tuesday. BIr.; Lauglands was the only candidate, and wa9 of course, declared- duly elected. " Castlemaine Co-operative Prospecting and Mining Association.— Another meeting of those favorable to the formation of this Company was held at the Victoria hotel, on Monday evening, and the revised" rules were 'produced, owing, however, to the small number present, it was deemed prudent to adjourn the meeting till-hext Saturday afternoon, at four o'clock, ana a motion of BIr. Power's, to this effect, was carried. Mr. Williams brought forward a scheme by whioh he proposed to secure the co-operation of capital, by admitting non-working shareholders, at a higher rate than the actual miner. Very little discussion arose, however,' -about the question, as it was re served for Saturday when the subject will be brought publicly, forward, at a monster meeting. New Diggings. — We have heard of the disco very of some, good diggings distantabout six miles from Wilson's Hotel, Nine-mile, in the direction Yackandandah. .The way to the spot from Wil son's is said to be over the ranges, taking a north easterly course. Our informant tells us that his sou, who is the discoverer, has just come in from there, where he succeeded in obtaining six bunce9 of the coarsest gold ever found in the dis trict in a very short time. The locality is said to be in the midst of a rather dense scrub, and the gold is found about a foot from the surface. 'We understand that a number of diggers left Sevas topol on Friday, and are still leaving, en route to the now diggings. We shall in a short time find out what truth there is in the report, when we will give some further particulars.— Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Another Nugget from Old Dunolly.— A magni ficent nugget weighing 193 ounces, was obtained this week at Old Dnnolly, near the spot where the 150 ounce nugget was dug eight or nine days ago. It is exceedingly pure and free from quartz, and may be seen at tnc Bank of Victoria Gold office. It was purchased by Messrs. Blantel and Wills, gold brokers, from two men (a German nd n Dane). who found it sixteen feet from the wrftw.— 'Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser. . Forest Creek. — BlConlight.—A serious row tbok place yesterday, between a body of Chinese and some Europeans. It seems that a party -of Englishmen who had sunk a shaft, found consi derable difficulty in working their claim on ac count of the quantity of Water they had to contend with, and having failed in getting Englishmen to take up claims alongside to assist in draining off the water, they got some Chinese to take up a claim or two. Yesterday, it was discovered that the Chinese had struck the gold, and brought their own countrymen round in large numbers to occupy the whole of the ground. Upon the discovery of this, a number of Europeans at tempted to obtain a share of the ground, when a regular row ensued, picks and sliovcls being freely used, when we are given to understand several parties, both English and Chinese, were severely injured. The cause of quarrel will likely be in quired into to-day. A new rush has taken place on Manchester Flat, close to the roadside. One parly last' Friday bottomed a shaft, and washed 3 ozs- off the bottom. Yesterday others had bot tomed, and were washing fromadwt. to a quarter of an ounce ; others had sunk shicers. - The ground is wet. It is reported that a party of Chinese obtained 67 ounces last week, out of a paddock in the bed of the creek, at the west of Turk's Hill. A party of Englishmen worked all last week close to the same spot, and scarcely made more than a bare living. The Bush Fires. — The bush-fires on Friday and Saturday seem to have extended to all portions of the district round Ballarat. Buninyong forest to the sou'h was blazing away at a fearful rate. In the agricultural district to the north and west, besides the damage done on or near Messrs. Rankin and Douglas's farm, there was a large ex tent of ground under fire in the neighbourhood of Coghill's station, and it was generally rumoured on Saturday that at Clunes there had been serious damage done, and that some of the out-buildings at the home station had been burned down. — > Ballarat Star. 