30wC (äjEMüwim DEATH BY DBOWSINGK-We have received the fol- lowing intelligence from our " Perth Correspondent." On Monday evening last, Mr Saville, Government Overseer, while under the influence of liquor, attempted to cross the river,near Ms own residence on the station, in a boat, dangerous for the conveyance of any ono ; he ventured, however, and had not proceeded far, when the boat filled, immediately sank, and the poor mon was drowned. A number of inhabitants of Perth were soon on the spot, and, a grappling iron having been procured, a diligent search was made both by a mau in a boat, and by Mr Templer of Perth, who although the water was cold and very deep, dived several times, but the sun having set, it was too dark to discover anything in the river. The search, however, was continued on Tuesday morning, when Mr Southernwood succeeded in raising the body, which was conveyed to the Crown Inn, where an inquest was held by Charles Arthur Esq. Coroner, anb a respectable Jury. Several witnesses were examined, and the following verdict returned : "That the deceased, whilst under the influence of liquor, attempted to cross the river in an unsafe and leaky boat, and »as accidentally drowned." Our Corres- pondent informs us, that some of the oldest inhabitants of Perth state, that Mr Saville is the eighth penon,wlio has been drowned in attempting to cross tho river in the same boat. ODD FELLOWSHIP.-The Grand Officers and Bretliren of the Ancient and I. 0. O. F., proceeded on Tuesday to the Huon to open a new lodge at Franklin Village, in the Cobra, steamer, which left the wharf at eight o'clock in the morning, and reached Shipwright's Point at seven in the evening, whence the Bretliren proceeded to Franklin in an open boat, and arrived at eight. The opening of the Lodge was then commenced at Brother Elijah Brown's, the Franklin Hotel, in a room well adapted for the purpose, and several of tho settlers were initiated. At half-past twelve the visitors sat down to an excellent supper, which comprized many delicacies, and was well served. Tho Bretliren left at eight o'clock ou Wednesday morning, and returned to Hobart Town at eight in the evening, the delay in the voyage having been caused by a head-wind on both oc- casions. It is gratifying to perceive the progress now making by Odd Fellowship, and we hope, soon to find, that every district in tho Colony, however remoto, will have its Loyal and Independent Lodge. SUPREME COUBT OP VICTORIA.-Mr F. R. Lees, Solicitor, and Town Clerk of this City, has been com- missioned by Sir W. A'Beckett, Chief Justice of Victoria, to take and receive affidavits in Tasmania re- lating to causes or proceedings in the Supreme Court of the sister Colony. SUDDEN DBATH.-We have received a communica- tion from a Correspondent at the Cross Marsh, who in- forms us, that a female dropped down dead at Brighton on Christmas Day, and that an inquest was not held on the body till tho following Monday. The Police Magistrate and Coroner, Mr Whitefoord, resides, at Oatlands, which may account for the delay, and which, at the same time, shows the ill-effects of the mistaken economy of tho Government : uot only are the public interests compromized by this portion of tho re- trenchment scheme, but we very much doubt, whether tho travelling expeuses of Mr Whitefoord will not amount, in the course of the year to almost the pay of a second Magistrate. Our ¿correspondent informs us, that a public meeting will be shortly held at Bligh ton to take this mutter into consideration. THE WEATHER.-A more remarkable season, for the time of year, has not been remembered for a long period, the weather being very changeable, and the temperature variable, with more than the average quantity of rain. In former years, the heat at this season used to be frequently excessive, with bush- fires in various directions, which happened to be the case only last year, in the vicinity of Hobart Town; now, the grass and herbage are green and luxuriant, affor- ding excellent pasture for cattle and sheep. We have not heard, that the season has hitherto materially af- fected the grain crops, but, should warm general weather not shortly ensue, the ripening process must be retar- ded. NEW YEAUB' EVE.-The custom of "seeing the Old Tear out, and the New Year in," is harmless enough in itself, when the orgies are confined to tho personal amusements of the celebrants, and we see no reason, why they should not mako fools of themselves, and to " the very top of their bent," so long as thoy do not interfere with the comfort or convenience of others. On Wednesday night, or, rather, on Thursday morn- ing, a gang ot lads and boys perambulated some of the streets, knocking at people's doors, and, otherwise breaking the peace, and creating disturbance : on their arrival at Mons. Del Sarte's Assembly Boom in Har- rington Street, their rioting was resented by the per- son in charge of the premises, and one of the lads, more forward than his companions, received a sound cuff on his bead ; this was the signal for immediate vengeance, and tho young " Bricks" broke every sash and paue of glass in front of the house, and, then, de- parted, without the slightest molestation from tbe Police,-who, must, surely bave been asleep, or, other- wise, particilarly engaged. MR. PABLO FANQUE who has been on a visit on the west coast, has returned to Wellington. He exhibi- ted his truly wonderful feats on the tight rope at the several places which he visited on the coast; all who witnessed his performances were equally astom'shedand delighted. The natives at Manawatu were so well pleased with bim that they wish him to reside amongst them, and have marked oat a piece of land, which thoy wish him to resido upon. We understand that Mr. PabloFanque intends visiting Sydney to make arrange menta there previous to taking up his residence at Manawatu-JFitó/yio« Indejaindmt, Novimber IB. HIGH SCHOOL.-The Revd. Mr Harris, a Graduate of the University of Cambridge, has been selected for the Head master -ship of the High School : the reverend v gentleman, we are informed, is of Evangelical principles but, in point of tolerance, extremely liberal; we are informed, also, that MrHarris is a highly talented man, and well qualified for the responsible appointment for ( which he has been engaged. SCHOOL FESTIVAL.-OB Wednesday, the scholars, "j belonging to the Sunday School of AU Saints parish, , were treated to a Festival on the green, near the tem- porary chapel, Macquarie-rtreet, and under a Marquee, erected for the purpose. The pleasant business of the day commenced by awarding the prizes to those ' scholars, who, by good commet or scholastic diligence, ' had rendered theinselvoi tforthy of rewafd, and, this ' ceremony over, the little folks were plentifully regaled i with cake, buns, fruit, tea, ginger-beer &c;, after which they enjoyed themselves with various games and amuse- ments, and separated between seven and eight o'clock, highly gratified with the kimliless and attention of their pastor and his lady, Mr and Mrs Gellibrand. THE LITTLE EMPEROR OP FRANCE.-The little Emperor le petit Empereur, as throughout the house hold ho is universilly culled-grows like a hop, or to use the French phrase, "It pousse comme une cham- pignon." Like other adorers of the modern Charle- magne, I have done my liât to discover sorno resem- blance in him to the great Napoleon. I have heard some men who fought by the first Emperor's side swear to the beautiful Eugenie that the babe was the image of tho Great Captain. Whatwon'ta Frenchman swear, if he desires to please? His audacity in the art of swearing falsely amounts positively to the heroic; but as far as the most faithful busts and portraits give ino any right to form any opinion, I can see about as much resemblance between the two as between the ' republic of America and the empire of Japan. The j child has the upper part of the face and the eyes forehead-ofhis mother, and the lower part is tliat of j his father. He is strong as an infant Hercules, but otherwise there is no beauty about him worthy ofremak. Whether phrenologists could discover in his head the bumps of destructiveness and coinbativencss, I cannot say: hut this I know, that I saw him, oceiiii« meis, sweep from the table, with onoeffort ofhis little arms, a crystal globe, containing four most diminutive gold fish,-and tho effort to save which and it's precious in I habitants, caused the table to be tilted, and a precious vase, a much valued memento of Mario Antoinette, to i be upset an Jbroken.-New York Herald Correspondent. 