To the Editor of the "Inquirer and Commercial News." SIR, — Can you tell me what benefit the colony is likely to gain under the present working of the convict system, while the greater part of the convicts are kept in Fremantle and fed upon imported flour? When the settlers petitioned for convicts, it was generally supposed that each district would have the benefit of convict labour, and the necessary expen diture consequent upon die change. It is true that depots were formed in the principal agricultural districts, which for a time gave a stimulating in fluence to all kinds of business, and people were led to believe that, sooner or later, the necessary public works would be constructed. But, from some unac countable reason, the men have been withdrawn from the depots in York and Toodyay, and since last December these promising districts have been deprived of their just share of convict labour; and the settlers are now left to get their produce to market in the best way they can, over roads that are much worse than they were before convicts came. New lines of road have been commenced, left in an unfinished state, and are now turned into water courses, thus rendering them quite impassable with loaded drays. Bridges have been promised, and the timber prepared for that purpose, but there it lies yet just where it was left, for the next bush-fire to burn; and we are left without a bridge over the river, although the convicts have been in the colony for the last seven years. If there are no more ticket-of-leave men to send to these depots, why not send two or three hundred of the prisoners, whose labour is much more re quired in these districts than in Fremantle, and the colony would certainly benefit more from convict labour if it was employed in the most productive districts. I cannot see how the colony can prosper under the present arrangements. If the principal districts are not to have the benefit of convict labour, what pro bability is there of getting roads and bridges made? and if there is no hope of these necessaries being done, what inducement can there be for extending agricultural operations? If the convict labour was more divided, and a greater portion of it applied to the formation of roads and bridges, it would cer tainly give more general satisfaction, and be carry ing out the object for which convicts were sent here. Something must be done to restore confidence in the York and Toodyay districts; something in the shape of Government works and convict expenditure; for I do not see much improvement going on in the way of clearing land for cultivation, and unless the depots are shortly supplied with men of some sort, I fear that we may lose some of our old settlers. If only one hundred men were sent to each of these depots, it might restore that confidence which is so much wanting in these districts. And again, if only two or three hundred convicts were sent to the Northern district, where the mine rals are cropping out of the land, peeping out to see if man would come and raise them from their long repose, to bring them forth to a world of life and activity. But no; there the minerals slumber still, and there they are likely to remain for some time yet, unless convicts are sent to make roads to faci- litate conveyance to the port. I say, if only two or three hundred convicts were sent to that district, to form roads and bridges where they are required, for the conveyance of copper ore, they would be doing more good for the colony, if properly managed, during the first five years, than 20,000 convicts would do in Fremantle in twenty years. We should very shortly have some hundreds of thousands to add to our exports, instead of some twenty or thirty thousands that we have at present, through the en- terprise of one or two individuals. This stimulating power might be given with the convicts we have at present, if only properly applied to the works chiefly requiring such labour in the most productive districts. A VOICE FROM THE EAST. York, August 10, 1857. 