sorrTiT ATTATRALTÄ."" . / We have Adelaide papers to the 27th alt. I With reference to tho forthcoming elections, ' ' the Register states that it is the intention of the Governm mt to issu-j the writs for the new elections in the first week of February , and to fix the nominations for the 2nd March, DEI>AHTUBB oi' OLD COLONISTS,-The pis Benger-list of the Orient, tor London, contains iho names of a larger number of old colonists than have left for Euglaud in any single v ¡s pel for a long time past We are glad to un- derstand that very few of them are finally ioisaking thi-ir adopted country. Sonn of Hiern, indeed, purpose coming back in ths Fame vessel on her next voyage out. LAND SALES HY PRIVATE CONTRACT.-The Government have made an alteration in tho arrangements fir the sale of Crown lands which will remove some of the objections which have reently been urged against the operations of the land agents. Henceforward all land,s which have been passed at auction ?without a bid, and which ure therefore op>in 10 selection at the upset price, must be piiel lor within one hour of the time of application fur their pureba¡e. This new regulation will effectually stop the practica alleged to hive been in vogue, of applying for largequantitiot ol' land with a view oi finding purchasers at a profit within the four-aud twenty houiB during which the first applicant was allowed to retain exclusive possession of the right to completo the pinchase. Wo do not sea that it is likely to operate injuriously upon bona 7,'de buyers ; anil if it do not, the alteration v. ill, no.doubt, give general satisfaction.-Re y,nier. , MELANCHOLY OCCURRENCE NEAH MOUNT BEMARKABLE.-On Friday, the 19th Decembir, as Mr. Sale, ovorseer to Mr. J. H. Angas, and one of the storekeepers wereriding a few ni iles fiom the township of Mount Remarkable, they discovered a boy standing, as they ihought, agaiust a small tree, but closer in- spection showed the poor boy was dead, and that he'died in a most singular manner. It Reems the boy, who was eleven years of age, ]iadvstarted from the township that morning ¡iliout eight o'clock, to fetch a dog from tho 11 ¡stance of about seven miles, taking with li im a piece of hide-rope to briugtho dog back with him, and it was about elovon o'clock when Mr. Sale discovered him suspended from a small fork ol a wattle by tho piece of hide lie had t-iken with him. What is most singular is, that tho boy's feet were on tho ground, without the slightest sign of hishaviug Struggled at( all. His features were qui re calm, as though he had gone to sleep. His tracks could be distinctly traced from the load to the tree, but no sign of any other tracks. Thulbolywas convoyed to the tow n Bhip, where an inquest was held on it, aad a verdict returned 01 " Found dead."- Times, INQUESTS ON Finns.-The holding of inquests on fires is a practice of so much utility i i towns that the District Council of Mouat Crawford are seeking to introduce it into the country, as some assistance in the protection of bush- fires. At their last meeting they adopted tho following resolution :-" That this meeting recommends that Information of the occurrence of any fire be immediately forwarded to thonean st DistrictCouacil, ana that such Council take immediate step3 foi liolding an inquest ; and that the secretary forward'a copy'of this resolution to the Dis- trict Councils of Mount Crawford, Para Wirra, Barossa Kast, and Baiossa West."- Times. THIS HOUSE TO LET.-If every man in the colony who can read and write continues in the absurd notion that his abilities can lind scope only in tha Upper Chamber, we may, ai far as ths Assembly is concerned, at once advertise-" This Housi to Let." We have always laughed at the idea of a colonial aiistocracy, but really something of the sorl Beeins to threaten us at present ¡ otherwise how is it that so many of our leading nun are no longer content ta vepresent anything less than a whole colony ? But these gentle- men, we are aftaid, are inclined to prefer the ornamental , to the uaarul. When Hans Holbein kicked an inquisitivo lord down stairs, the reply of bluff King Hal to thi complaints of the latter was, that he coulc make ahundred fine gentlemen any day, bul to lose one useful man would be to injuro the whole kingdom.-Times. COLONIAL CiTiES.-Some angular-mindoc barbarian in thu English Builder recently referred to Adelaide as an example, showiu¡ Low broad and straight-and he may havi said, hot and dusty-the streets of a city maj bo made. 'For our parts, wo say, give us tlic glorious old cities of the East.where the street twist and twirl about, with cool corners au* shady sides all day long, Catoh the ho .wind finding its way there! However, wi have adopted the Pennsylvanian style, am must make the be3t of it. One remedy fo our great enemy, the dust, is tho fencing o unoccupied land, and to this, we are glad ti obsorve, the Corporation have been industri ously attending There are only a few acre now unfenced, and the Council have resolve, that, if they are not done within seven day after the 29th instant, they will fence thee themselves, and then naakethe owners pay fo tile improvements.-Ibid, 