POLICE. CITY COURT. Elizabeth Brown, Caroline Harrison, and W. Booth, were charged by Mr. Inspector Nico- las with being in a frightful state of intoxica- tion in a house in Stephen-street, on Sunday afternoon, and with dancing about in a state of semi-nudity, for the edification of a crowd who were looking in through the open win- dow at them. They were each sentence by the Resident Magistrate to three months' imprisonment, with hard labour. Margaret Rendall was charged by Sergeant. Torbitt with deserting her two children. The prisoner had left the children with a respecta- ble young married couple for a period of six days. It appeared, the prisoner is a person of very drunken habits. She was remanded until Wednesday. Augustus Coole was brought up on remand, charged with obtaining money under false pretences. It appeared however, that the mat- ter had been arranged out of court, and the prisoner was discharged. J. H. F. Shweiger was charged with bathing in the Yarra on Sunday morning last, a little before eleven o'clook. The offence was committed about twenty or thirty yards above the Ferry, near the rails dividing the paddock from the swamp. The defendant had only been three weeks in the colony, and was fined 10s. and dis- charged with a caution. Daniel Maloney was charged with cruelty to a horse. There was a wound about the size of half-a-crown near the fore leg of the horse, caused by the rubbing of the girth. After an inspection of the animal, the Re- sident Magistrate decided on discharging the defendant. John Walters was charged with stealing a bridle. The prisoner stole the bridle from off a nail in the shop of a Mr. Crook, and went down the street with it. The Bench sen- tenced him to three months' hard labour. James Baker was charged by Detective Alex- ander with house robbery. Alexander stated that he had received information on Satur- day night that a house at North Mel- bourne had been robbed. He had arrested the prisoner, and, searched his house, but found none of the goods. The prisoner had been only a short time out of gaol, and was believed to be the man who robbed the house. The case was remanded till Wednesday, for the appearance of the prosecutrix, a Mrs. Watson, and for the purpose of making a search for the missing goods. Andrew Craig was charged with stealing a carpet bag. Detective Williams said the pri- soner, had been arrested on warrant for steal- ing a carpet bag, on the Dandenong-road, in company with another man. The bag had been found cut open on the road. Remanded for seven days, for the attend- ance of the prosecutor, and that search might be instituted for the other man concerned in the theft. Margaret Goodman was charged with steal- ing a shawl from Mr. Goodwick, a pawnbroker. The woman went to the shop on Saturday afternoon, and, thinking no one observed her, concealed the shawl under the skirt of her dress. The prosecutor saw her, and fol- lowed her from the shop into Brunswick- street, and gave her into custody. He did not wish to press the charge, on account of the years of the prisoner, who it appeared was the wife of a respectable man in Collingwood, with four children, and much addicted to drunkenness, so that at times she was scarcely conscious of what she was doing. The husband, a most respectable- looking elderly man, appeared in court, but was so affected that he could not speak. The Resident Magistrate made some feeling remarks upon the case, and sentenced the prisoner to seven days' imprisonment. Elizabeth Taylor was charged with stealing a pair of boots and some linen from the house of a Mrs. Joseph. She was found by Sergeant C 5, with a bundle containing the articles, in a right-of-way off Little Bourke street, early on Monday morning. They had been taken from a box in the kitchen, which the prisoner had reached in rather a dexte- rous manner by climbing over a wall, by the aid of a water-barrel. She was remanded till today, in conse- quence of her evidence being required in a case of assault. Thomas Simms and — Teusch, remanded several times on the charge of stealing can- dles, were brought up in the custody of Detective Williams. The captain of the schooner Greyhound proved that the prisoners had been employed on board his vessel, and that he had delivered a package of goods, containing candles, to the consignees. The prisoners had left the vessel, and he did not know where they had gone until informed by the police of their arrest. The person who received the goods said there were five packages in all, and four of them had one package gone from each. There were four packages produced in court, Teusch was carrying the candles when arrested by Williams, and was in company with Simms. One of the same sort of candles was found in the latter's pocket. The Bench found the prisoners guilty, and sentenced Simms, who is a well-known character, to six months' imprisonment with hard labour ; and Teusch a younger man, who had probably been led into the act by his com- panion, to one month's hard labour. SANDY CREEK QUARTZ REEFS.—On Tuesday last we were shown by Messrs. Bell and Ham- mond about 70 lbs. weight of amalgamated gold procured from the above locality, and it was stated that this was only comparatively a small instalment of the gold they have ob- tained from their own claim there. All through their stone has yielded about 6 ounces to the ton on an average, and the reefs there are described as almost innumerable and in- exhaustible, but scarcely at all opened as yet. Messrs. B. and H. have erected two Chilian mills with four rollers and a 10 horse-power- steam engine, solely for the purpose of crush- ing their own yield. The place where this gold was obtained was about ten miles from Dunolly, between that place and Bendigo — M. Alexander Mail. MOUNT GAMBIER.—The correspondent of the Portland Chronicle writes—"Our crops have turned out on the whole pretty well, though, with occasional exceptions, we think hardly so heavy as the last year. The weather is warm and suitable for harvest operations ; in fact, in many places rather too warm, to be pleasant, owing to the prevalence of bush- fires. The resident farmers are kept in a con- tinual state of anxiety : when a fire is ob- served, they scamper off to the scene of the disaster in scores, and by the time it is ex- tinguished and they have again resumed their labours in the field or barn another will probably be discovered in an exactly opposite direction, and a similar scene of toil and con- fusion remains to be enacted. This is annoy- ing and grievous in the extreme. To approach the Mount after nightfall one would almost imagine that the sleeping volcano was again as erst, pouring forth its floods of fire and carrying desolation into the valleys below . NEW REEFS AT STEIGLITZ.—The correspon- dent of the Geelong Advertiser, writing on Friday last, says—" To those unacquainted with the nature of this district the continual discoveries of new veins ,and leaders may ap- pear strange, and unaccountable. Scarcely a week passes over us without adding to the worth,and apparent capabilities of this field by such new veins being opened ; and how- ever sceptical people at a distance may be of the value and importance of these discoveries, they are to us evidences of a future pros- perity, and development of this field widely superior to any yet attained. A new lead was opened on Monday last, about a mile, to the south of the township, a little to the west, of the Geelong-road The discoverer of it was Christian Jordon, a German, in honour of whom it has been named the German Reef. The gold-bearing leader is at present about four inches in thickness, and the gold obtaining is of a rough and nuggety nature. 