THK CHINESE. The Chinese have again come into collision with the European diggers at Campbell's Creek ; and the probability of a serious outbreak is said to be grow- ing move imminent every day. A cor- respodent of the Mount Alexander Mail thus describes the state of feeling in the district. "The frequency of the scenes (he says) confirms the apprehensions felt by some, that there will be trouble on this creek between the Celestials and the other population before the summer shall have ended. There is a general conviction among experienced miners, that the Chinese waste an unnecessary quantity of water by their method of washing, as well as destroy a consider- able amount of paying ground. It is said they so mix up the top and bottom strata of auriferous soils, without extracting more than a portion of the gold, that ground is left wholly unremunerative for the future. The superior skill of the Chinese as diggers is denied, for it is stated that Europeans as far surpass them in sagacity as in manual strength. It is certuinly the case that John China- man in the art of goldseeking sometimes plays the part of jackall to the British Lion. There is alway a strong feeling among the European miners on the creek, whether right or wrong, that the Celestials are favoured in the police authorities and magistrates, at the ex- pense of the digging community." BUSH-FIRES. — On Monday several bush- fires were observed around Sandhurst — one in the direction of Break o'Day Gully, and the other towards the Whipstick. As the summer advances bush-fires will be frequent, and care should be taken by travellers not to leave fires burning in dangerous situations. — Bendigo Advertiser. PAINFUL EXPERIMENT. — The Lyons (New York) Republican says as a lad in that village wished to ascertain how tight his wet tongue would stick to an axe that had been lying in the woolshed all night. The experiment was successful, and the illustrations of the tendicity of a frosty axe to a wet tongue far more forci- ble than pleasing. The little fellow's cries (or attempts to cry) brought his father to his assistance, and the boy, with the axe sticking fast to his unruly member, was carried into the house, and it was some time before they could be made to part company. 