THE PAPILIONACEÄ-CONCLUDED. Y.. } ' No; V.' .' To t/»s Editor of the Sydney Horning Herald, ' SÍR,-Befóte I proceed to the second division of the papilionacese, according to the plan indicated in my last letter, 1 must notice a small species of gomphplo bitiHi, which I have found in this neighbourhood with- in'the last few days. The species is O. pennatum, and though much smaller than G. polomorpjmm, it closely resembles that species in the appearance of the calyx, corolla, and legume. The leaves are unequally pinnate in many pairs,, smooth, linear, revoluto, mu- cronato, and about half an inch in length, and the stem -is 'round, pliant, and glabrous. It has also two minute I bracts on the pedicels. The plant does not seem to exceed a foot in height in General Macarthur'» hush ; but, perhaps, in a more favorable soil, it might grow 'somewhat higher. , ' ' 2ND. DIVISION, STAMENS UNITED, OB THE 17TH CLASS OF ' ! LlNNJBUS, j '. jl. Bossicea, named,after If; Boisgieu Lamartiniere, who accompanied the unfortunate La Perouse in his ,ycj'yage round the world.- We have three species here in' great abundance, viz., B. heterophyUa, B. micro 'phylla,-anà B. prostrata. The first of these flowers in the winter season, and derives its name from the va- rious nature of its 'leaves, which, however, are gene- rally obovale and linnear flat. B, microphylla is a pretty shrub, with a profusion of yellow flowers ; 'the branches, leafly,, ,spiny, and round;''the leaves obcordate Cuneiform, B. prostrata is a i very small trailing^plant, the branches ;lesfy, filiform« leaves oval' «mooth, stipulée shorter than pétiole, pod one celled. These three species may be distinguished, from many of the papilionaceous flowers by the color of the keel, which is generally brownish. The B. scolopendron,x which is found in the neighbour- hood of Sidney, doea not appear to grow here; but, last year, I found what I considered to be a specimen of[Z?. rufa, the hranches^f which are flat, linear, and leafless, and the corolla red. , T>2. Desnxodium, from the Greek desmos, a bond or ligament, in allusion to the manner in whieh the joints of] the legume or loment are connected. De Candolle describes one Australasian species, but I do nqt find the two.which are in our bush. The general character of'this genus isas follows .'-"Calyx two lipped, upper Jip bifid, lower three parted, corolla i papilionaceous, standard nearly round, keel obtuse, ¿longer than wings, stamens diadelphous (9-1) ; legume consisting of many joints separating when ripe, com- pressed, one seeded, coriaceous, ,not opening, or 'scarcely so ; leaves témate« two stipules at the baso of ,the extreme leaflet: one to each of the lateral ones, raceme» terminal, frequently loose. Pedicels one or more rising from the.axil ¿f the bracts, filiform one flowered." ' The Bittali specie« here is generally about a foot high, with white or pink flowers, ¡and lanceolate leaves ; and the i larger one (the racemes of whieh are tnuoh longer), ha» obovate/ leave»1; the middle leaflet j bong larger than the others. ' There ia a marked simi- larity in the pods of both species which generally con* «ist of four or six jointe, and it ia almost impossible to walk in the bush during /.the summer months without finding some of the joint« adjering to-ther^ clothe»r This arises- fromthe circumstance of thejpods' r being covered'with minute hooked bristies^ "' -, -' Í,,' j 3, Hopea.,,,pt this genus we hare two apeciea-H. i lángifolfa ,and H, linearit-whioh appear in flower in 'j' t^e month of 'August/ The best specimens ^¿an'vBe/ y procured on the banks of the creek beyond the water Works, and the two specie« are distinguished by the nature of the pods, H.iongifolia being downy/ and W.\ linearit smooth. De Candolle balla the colour of the flower purple oryiolet, but those which! have »eea are darle blue. ,The legume of this genus i» nearly ~ round,, ventricose^ two-seeded,'and1 the seed* ittb-^'l phiolate, or surrounded by^protuberancet.' ' There is a species of Hovea at SwanRiver, which ia noticed in the "Gardeners' Magasine" of 1839, It is describedT, as a greenhouse shrub, requiring plenty of light' and ' air, but ' not, particularly delicate. '' It ia readily/Jri- ' creased by cutting».' This ,is called H. triangle»*, ia , ? honourbf Captain Mangles, who introduced the spa« cies into England. > ' ^H ** " '4. Itidlgofera.-tha I. Australis is common in UM , bush. The calyx iii spreading, the keel with » «prtad- < ing, subulate spur on each side; leave» pinnate, smooth, of many pairs, oblong ;. racemes shorter tbari ' leaf, standard smooth, the corolla pink This plant ii similar io the I. tinctoria from-which is procured the indigo used in dyeing'and in decoctions for destroying , vermin.'' Indigo is also used in epilepsy and. erysipelas. , < The RcV. James Walker once told me that ne con» i sidered our indigo injurious to cattle. , . 5. Kennedia. This ia one of the commonest ,and*t, the same time one of the handsomest of ourpapilioa t acece ; and the JC. rubicunda often relieves the sombre appearance of the bush by its showy red flowers and fine témate leaves. Three species, viz., K. rubicunda, <K, monophylla, and K. comptoniana, have a climbing habit, and the first may be seen near Red Bank, or ' our Water Works, ascending- tree* to the height "of '' twenty!of thirty feet! , Since the great bush.fire, ; whioh occurred in the former locality about two years > ago, when the property of " Peter the greek wa« entirely consumed, the^Ä". rubicunda TiaaÄprurfg up ' most luxuriantly, and gree^cjaaaatitiea of*»*ed might , now be procured there and at the North Rock» by any persons desirous of sending some to their friend« at home. This species, as well as four others, has been advertised for sale in England by James Carter, 238, High Holborn, the seeds one shilling per packet, but new seed from the colony Would always be accept- able. The K. monophyll* and the K. comptoniana va. prettyblueflowers, and they may be often seen climbing amongst the spiny Burtand and other shrubs. There is a variety of the K. comptoniana growing prostrate,, on' the ground, which perhaps some would «on»ider os a distinct species, but I do bot think that the dif- ference is specific, but rather , accidental. The A", prostfata '' has ternate leaves, leaflets j obevate, netted villous,-' peduncle, one or two! flowered, keel 'longer than wings/ stem " prostrate, corolla somewhat red. This genus may be known by Us climbing or prostrate habit,.its red or blue flowers, and two spots in the base of the > standard. "The .Kennedia takes ita name from'Mr. " Kennedy, a nurseryman near London, \ (¡"Lotus. The species L. Australis may be found not far from Parramatta. The legume is cylindrical and straight, wings cohering by their upper edge, filaments dilated upwards, corolla pinkish. Heads few flowered > with bracts, leaflets and stipules obovate, cunéate equal, pods smooth. ' This flower has n pretty appearance, especially if the soil be tolerably good. The leaves look as if they were quínate, the two stipules being-as long as the leaflets. The genus to which I now allude has nothing to 'do;with tho Nelumlium «pectosi^nt,» f or the Egyptian lotus, or the plant to which Anacreon refers. The word is Greek;, and the root of it,, accor- ding to Damm, signifies to enjo'yeatinganything: henos' ' , " Lotus," in ancient times, waa the name of o plant, the fruit of which was so pleasant that strangers, after eating it, lost all wish to return to their own "country. In modem tintes, however, it -ia applied to a genus of -, fabaeeous plants of the sub-tribe, Trifolio«. 7\. JPlatylobiumi This is appropriately named from. the broad form of the pod, and the two species most common in New South/ Wales are P. formosurn and' P.foarqiflomm. The latter grow« plentifully near the 'Water-works, and is distinguished from P. formot^m by its smooth ovary. * The colour of-the corolla ist orange. I have seen P. formosum on the, North1 'Shore, but not'near Parramatta. The pods of fhp} in'England. > i r'*"í>' ' 8. Zornia. This is a very small leguminous plant,;' the anthers of whioh are alternately oblong and round.; The legume is jointed, with two bracts sagittate-ovate», acuminate, Bhorter than legume, somewhat ciliated' with scarcely five nerves, the joints of legume smooth» unarmed, retioulated. The anecies here ia ¿f., ¿yetto-,, carpa, so called from the netted nature of the pods. The flowers are yellow and the leaves bi-follate. The ' name Zamia is supposed to be given in honour^ of Ml1. ' John Zorn, an apothecary at Kempteñ7~in Bavaria, author of a work called' Icones' Plantarum Medici naliutn.i > > < r <-_ < ', - <\ Of the papilionaca: enumerated, nearly all of 'them," are peculiar to Australasia, four only being ' found in,^,1 pt her porte of theiworld, vi«., Indigo/era, DesmodUt^ Lotus, and Zornia. Two very pretty leguminous j plants, though frequently seen in gardens .here, arc not found any where near 'Parramatta,in their native,, state (Stcaintonia and Goodia), but there are several l species or clover or trefoil whieh hava beeta intro- duced, as well as Ulex, Cercis, Robfria, iSpartiMm.kel Jt has been remarked by Meyen that " the Papilion I »etc are so seldom of considerable size, or of remark«' able firm, that they can influence the character of vegetation only when they grow in masses." This remark. I apprehend, is < moro applicábler to| the vegetation^ of Europe than that of Australia, for in the «pring of the year f when Pultendces and Podolobruins abound, they impart quite a tone and character to the landscape in which thiey appear, whiUttasomeplaceroherètheifcmn<dfa^,? j hang in gay festoons from the Eucalypti and the ¡ 1 melaleuca», they give a semi-tropical appearance to the,' scenery. The smaller genera/ tt is true, do not in- ¡ fluence the picture, for many ef them might be passed n unnoticed by the inattentive observer, but there are ! species of Botsioa, DUluywia, and Daviesia which cer- ' ' tainly enliven the appearance of nature and gire s/j, peculiarity to the scene. The Daviesia ulicina, for instance, is a very fair representative here' of the Ulex of England, and in passing, through a scrub of it. I have often been re- í minded of the New Forest and all its associations i In many parts of the world some of the Papilionaceas <> abound in nutritious and wholesome qualities ; whilst , others are purgative, tome, and astringent. Thi", no ', doubt, is applicable to a certain extent to the Papi- . lionaceas of this neighbourhood. Some may be safely ¡ ¡ eaten by cattle, and others contain useful and medict-, nal properties. I am afraid, so far as our observation has extended, there are no Papilionaceo here whose/, seeds can be used as common articles of food, as is the case with peas, beans, &c.; If, however, there ara no Papilionaceo which can be eaten by man, we do " not appear to have any (with the exception of an in-, * digo and a Gompholobrum, the properties of which are ) disputed) that are poisonous in their nature. Their ¡ beauty is beyoud dispute', and the high character;' which some of them .maintain as' gorden, shrubs at home is no doubt gra- tifying to die Australian heart. 'I must add,, however, that of all the specks (upwards of forty) to ' which I have referred in my letters No. 4 and 5, not' one has any «cent But as Don Quixote pointed out to. Sancho Panoa, beauty is of two kinds, so scent is'of ' two kinds, ,, and, _ therefore, if the Pßpilio- T naeeoe do not possess the positive quality of wafting any grateful odour to the breeze, it is con- ' solatory to know that they have the negative virtue>o£r emitting no unpleasant one. > -, , , I am, Sir, yours, &c.; , . w. w. ¡Parramatta, January, 1857. I -' ( '* Has the -word lotus any connection with the * Hebrew ht.e which signifies " wrapping up," or "con- ' r cealingr" The root "loot" is to wrap np 1 or to conceal, and perhaps it may ¡ refer to the rhizome or creeping stem of the Nelum- ] "' bium, which,is concealed underground along its whole*. ¿ under surface. There is a gum, the name of which is ¡ -< derived from this Hebrew root-the LXX and Vulgate ;' ' render it Stacte-which is the purest kind of myrrh, f according to Tarkhurst. Herodotus (book 2, oh. 92) ', says that the Egyptians used to eat the note of the '' Lotui, or. as it is now-believed, the Nelumbiiim. J , , \ I ,havèLJ ascertained that the Arum referred to in" , my letter No. I pi A. Orixetue.. It is now in flower. The leaves* aro hastate, three-parted ; the spathe, ' peduncled, twi?, coloured, (tue inner purple, and the r! outer somewhat green), longer than the spadix; top M laceolate-deflexed. . In ita appearance it resembles the " *w English1 Aruin, or Cuckoo Pint, which many of Ules ¿} children nav£, gathered, under the vulgar name of ,1 Lords and Ladies. , u < <? *< . 