MURRAY RIVER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The Murray Steamers. - The Gundagai aud Lady Augusta have sailed from Hop- | woods to the Goolwa. The Albury and Mitta remain at Echuca, in order to be ready for the first flooding of the river, when they will go to Albury. There are great complaints here of the very inferior kind of goods sup- plied from Adelaide by these vessels, and we have a craw to pick with Melbourne on this score. It is a prevailing opinion in the cities of Australia that anything will do for the bush. We beg to underceive those who think so, as we arebeginning to appreciate good things and as we pay well for them, it is very shabby in those who act for us in Mel- bourne and Adelaide to send us trash. THE ECETRIC TELEGRAPH - Petitions are being got up at Hopwood's and Maiden's in support of the extension of the telegraph from Bendigo to this point of the Murray. It would prove of incalculable service to Melbourne and to Beudigo, as well as to the interior. A LAROB SMOB.-20,000 acres have beon . measured off for sale on Dr. Rowu'a run. Restdown Plains, bordering on the juuction I of the Murray and the Campaspe. This is ruthcr a largo slice, and will bertoutsly i educe I in vttluu one of the best runs in Victoria. ¡ The question of compensation must soon bo . Rf.tÜfíll TiiAVEMma STOCK. - There Is but little diminution in the quantity c1 cattle coming down. Withiu these hist tivodays about 903 head have passed, 640 (fat), belonging to Mr. O'sullivan, of tho Lachlan, and the re . «minder belonging to Mr. Torn ; 1,390 bend of store, ownod by Mr. Jinnie stn, M.r., of N. S. Walen, are close by. These throe lots aro all u1.90ld.up to this time. Another mob of fat cuttle,' about 600, cf Mr. O'Bullivan'fi, and two rnobä from Mr. Clements', may bo expected in about five weelis, and then the Lachlan will bo pretty well diained. This famous district of N. S. Wales 1 as l'or the last four years done it's share iu ttipiilying the Victorian market with boef. There are but few horses in the immediate neighbourhood,and but few sheep. .Tho uew.1 norn Melbourne us lo the price of iat cattle has discouraged all buyers here, und thora is a prevailing opinion that punt prices in beef will never again be reached; but with the 'Lachlan drained, the Munumbiilgee thinuod, some of tite Edward and thu Murray Bottlers changing their stock from cattle to sheep, It is difficult to see how beef is long to remula low. Large quantities of sheep may bo expected m about four months hence. I hoar of 120,000 coming down in large quantities, two-thirds of which are unsold. Dculcra boro think that sheep will bo high, very high. Among the novelties in stock I hoar of a.bout by Maiden from a party in the district of ^ ass for tho Victoria market. They aw mid to be incorrigibly wild, and once i-tnrted on their journey, but broke ¡iwny from their keepers. Wild as thokm fciuoo, and BB swift and " foxy" us the nativo dog, every dodge has been tried to keep thom togblboi, hithorto in vain. They aro reported to bo of all colours, from white to black, nut excluding even blue ; are very small and vory bindy. Whether toe parties will ever suc ? cced in getting them down seems doubtful; but if they do, the speculation would be likely to turn out remunerative. Tin: WEATHBB..-The weuther hero has ¡ been very hot, 113 in the shade and 143 in ' the sun, still wo havo had a very fine season. 1 Vest eiday we had many hours' rain, and the j appearance of the sky Indicates more. I , EMERALD HILL MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.--A (oncirt in aid of the funds of the instituto took place on Monday evening in the Grort 1 lion Store, and the full attendance was a proof I that cheap concerts would bo well supported by all classes. Mr. Andrews, a mezzo soprano J of considerable talont, was loudly and da deservedly encored in every song. Mr. James Houston, an inimitable comic singer, was well received, as was also Messrs. West, Franks, Shepherd, and the othor vocalists. Mr. Oatey. [Oaten] a clever performer on the concertina, played several selections from favourite operas, to the ovident delight of his auditors. GREAT LOSSES BY BUSH-FIRES.-Intelligence has been brought into town this (Monday) morning of very extensive damage done by bush-fires in this district. Mr. Owen Riley, of Cashmere, has lost 800 sheep; Mr. Ralston has lost a flock of wethers Messrs. Davidson and Robertson have lost 600 or 700. The run of Mr. William Robertson has been swept over by the fire. Mr. W. Swan has had the whole of his run burned, and we are informed that the whole of the settlers in that part have suffered more or less in the burning of their runs, or destruction of fences.-Portland Guardian. 