THE WESTERN DISTRICTS. (From the Bathuret Free Freu of Wednesday.) TAMBAROORA.-Heport speaks in credible terms or ? very rich lead which his been discovered on tho Bald Hills, near Tambaroora." Already seven parties arc located npon it, and all are doing well ; it is said at thc rate of an ounoe to the buoket. One party have acknow- ledged that they have netted £37 per man daring thc week. The want of water has necessarily impeded ope- rations, but experienced miners have pronounced theil opinion that this will prove the richest vein on thie side of the country. MYSTEIUOUS DEATH.-NOWS readied town yostorday that a man commonly known by tho namo of " Carney'* Ned," but whoso proper namo we have bean unable to discover, had died suddenly, after having rcoeivod a blow, initiated bys young mon named Gilligan. On enquiry, we buliovo tho following to bo a protty oorreot version of the case:-It appears tbat on Friday last tho young roan Gilligan was stopping at Mr. Chandlers house, the Bushman's Inn, at Summer Hill, and having just received intelligence of tho death of his «ister, was giving way to the manifestations of grief natural under such circumstances, when the deceased came up and jeered him. Gilligan then gave bim a slight, blow, which, how- ever, caused bim to fall back, striking his hoad against a form. Aa fares wo can learn, he uttered no complaint at tho time, and waa drinking hard for several days after. On Monday he complained of illness, and di<jd j about four o'clock in the afternoon. Gilligan] was . yester- day arrested in Bathurst, and taken in oustody to Summer, Hill, to awiit the remit of r tho inquest, which will be held to-day."I , , HAM LOST ni THE BUSH.-We learn from Ur. George Lee, wno ha« ju« retornad from tbe Bogan, that about a fortnight ago a Port Phillip dealer ia «tock-waa lost in the bush, and that up to the time of bia return-tome three or four days afterwards-no tidings had been re- ceived of him. The circumstances of the case aro these. Two parties from Victoria rode up to a station on the Bogan about the time specified, and remain vd for-the night. On the following morning they started for tbeir horses, w li ich had been turned out an the previous night, when one of them made off, and his owner when last; Boen was in pursuit.' Not returning in tho, course of tho day, his mate and a* blackfellow started in quest of. him, and although they' came upon the tracks, both7 of man and horse, they .dir); not succeed in coming up with,either. On tho following morning two blackfellows started upon tho track, whiobf they followed u.) ii distanco'of ten milos in the,direction: of the Lachlan, observing atr they passed along that, in soma places the imprint of 'his feet . wore clearly dis- cernible, whilst in others they disappeared, llnsa of the horse aloné being seen,'from which circumstances;' itwus evident that be hod overtaken his ,animal and' occa- sionally mounted him. After beating about until com- pletely wearied, they came ,upon the horse, but saw nothing of the missing,man, whose, onlyj chance of safety consisted in his making for ¡the Laohlan-a distance of about twenty miles: from, the,spot where the horso. waV found, but as^thera is not,a,drink of water in. tho. inter-; vening country, it, ;ia much to be, feared that he bas perished. Wben. he started away, ho.bad;lipon bis person from Í30O to,i.'400 in notes, which .be intendedr to,lay out .in stook; It will be recollected ! that ¡it was. in ¡the same fearfully...arid country that.Mr, Stewart/lost.his life some seven or. eight years ago, (rom, thirst-a fate which.in. all probability, has overtaken ,the,^'unfortunate stranger. ' . ' '.'..-..?Í.EV í -M ' BUSH FIBES.-The lull caused in the progress, of the bush'fires by tho last rain ;was only temporary. and on Sunday evening they broke out afresh,, taking a r sweep across tho edge of the plain_ through the scrub near the General's fenco and^prooeediog towards tbe Carcoar-road which fortunately stayed its course. Long after the Ure had subsided the numerous stumps .thereabouts ¡ blazed on, reminding the beholder of tho countless; lights of a distant city- after nightfall. By Monday: morning, hovvi ever, the fires had completely subsided and left behind them a bleak, blaclt-lookiog landscape. . . i; ; \- Fine NEAR BLACKDOWN.-A few days ago a roaring fire suddenly blown un by a strong breeze,, made a desoent from Suttorfs bush upon tho Blackdown -Eatate, the flames Hoking the atmosphere to the height of 15 or 10 feet, and raced along at a topping pace in the direction of Alloway Bank. Shortly afterwards, however, the wind veered and the awful front ot Are made its way. THE BOOAN.-The aacounts received from tbe Bogan within the last few days are extremely discouraging. The water is everywhere drying up, and within a dis tance of five miles from the river, there is not a blade of grass or a symptom of vegetation to be seen. One ? of the reaches in the river (if it may be so termed) of ISO yards long, containing apparently a considerable body of water, was passed by our informant on his way downward, and upon returning the following day, so j quiok was the process of evaporation, that-it was nearly ' dried up. In consequence of this general scarcity of both feed and water, oattle are beginning to die in great numbers, aud from what we hear, should the .drought continue muon longer, the destruction will be immense. In the drought of 1838-30, the cattle subsisted and did well upon the myall scrub, but this resource is no longer available. The lower branohes of this scrub are long sinoe torn down, and the leaves devoured,: nothing now remaining in the shape of sustenance but tho grass and herbage whioh the earth sends forth. For the present, therefore, the prospects of the squatters upon the Bogan are gloomy indeed. .,-«> 