BUSH FIRES. 1 We give tbe followii gextraots from tho country paper: respecting the lavages of huah-fi ep. „A correspondent of thu Mount Alex indcr Mail writes ou Thursday to the following tffe :t : — A® too much caution cannot be giveu against bushfires, I hasten to furnish you with the latoet in telligence. Mr Carroll, of the firm of Fallerton and Co., reached Daylesford by way of the Glenlyon last night. He had to ride througu miles ot are on 1 each side of him. At Fealey's on the Loddon, the I [ scene was frightful. Every soul that could be ob tained was employed in staving off the flames from ihe outstanding crops. At the baok of Fealey'a Mr O'Hea resides ; he h&HSome; fine cultivated property. Perceiving tbe danger to which hiB estate was ex posed, he used every efTort to check the ravages of the devouring element ; in doing so, _ however, ho suffered very severely, the BoleB of his shoes were burnt from his feet, bis vest was destroyed, but not withstanding his immense suffering be determined to brave danger to tho last and finally succeeded in baating back the flames. Tents and hula for miles have been destroyed and their occupant rendered houseless and homeless. Mr Carroll says, on reaching Jackson's station he hesrd crie3 or distress from all quarters. He could not, however, ascertain particulars of damage done, as he himself was in a highly porilous position. _At Spring Creek, from tho elevated ranges to Stanbridge's fence, and the dry diggings, the fire raged fearfully. In the neighborhood of that gentleman's estate aa many as five hundred trees were burnt to the ground. During Wednesday night the intense heat and the fall of burning timber was truly alarming; Mr Stanbridge, It is said, employed as many as one hundred men in the preservation of his property. He has however suffered much ; a large portion of fence and other property has been destroyed. It is painful to relate that much of the damage done has been caused by an incendiary. A miscreant was seen setting fire to tho bush in several places, and the settlers of the district are about, offering a reward of £1000 for tho apprehension of tho scoundrel. The person who saw -the wicked fellow in' the commission of the foul crime, says he had a great mind at the time to seize him and drag him* to the camp. Why he did not do so Is somewhat strange, the performance of suoh a duty would have seoured the grateful approbation of every right-thinkiug person in the colony. The fire is travelling iu the direction of Wombat, and if a wind sets in in that direction heaven only knows what will be the result. For the last two or three days we bave scarcely been able to breathe, the heat has been overpower ing, while nothing iu tbe shape of cold drink oould be obtained, each bouse being more like a furnace than a human habitation. This imperfect note cannot contain a report of one- tenth ot the damage which has been done, and to travel through fire' in eearoh of information is not very agreeable. Time, howeiver, will make mittera known, with all their horrors. ' It is hoped the property of Mr Fealey has been saved ; when Mr Carrol passed, tho Are had reached a tree in a field of oats ; whether the party concerned Euooeeded in saving the crop is not known here, as it was impossible for that gentleman to loiter on the way. The same paper thus describes a fire near the Hos pital' of Castlemaine : — About halfrpast twelve yesterday the grass took fire.in the neighborhood of a tent adjacent to the north fence of the hospital for a time threatened to be of a serious oharaoter. It rapidly extended towards tha fence of the hospital ' enclosure, and upwards towards the crest of the hill, but a number of indi viduals speedily -turned out with branches, and first checked the progress of tho fidmes northward and southward, proceeded to stop the progress up tbe hill, and happily succeeded. It must be very con ducive to the comfort of tho dwellers in tents to have their fires out of doors in suoh weather bb this, but very little relaxation of tbe necessary oare may make this praotice the origin of serious evil. Tbo Ballaarat Star Bays — 'The residents in Bulla rook Forest have been somewhat alarmed by tbo fires which, for tho last few days, have raged with consi derable violence iu this district, extending from tho Slaty Creek raugeB over a considerable portion of the bush. The high wind ou Wednesday forenoon caused serious apprehensions for the security of the hotel, mills, and dwellings in Bullarook ; bnt fortu nately towards evening a change took place, and Mr Wataoo, of the Bullarook Hotel, Mr Clarke, Mr : Baker and the other inhabitants, exerted themselves Blreuuously to burn off the dry grass and brushwood in the vioinity of their abodes, and averted for a time the impending danger. A considerable quan tity of split stuff and palings have been consumed, and a hut about half a mile from Bullarook was burned to the ground, all the little property of tlie owner having been destroyed before any assistance ! could be rendered. Tho legislature should take these matters into consideration, and in case where any number of dwellings are congregated together, com pel the inhabitants to clear a certain portion of the bush around such hamlets as would prevent tho possibility of injury to life and property from suoh casualties. _\Ve (Kyneton Observer) find It difllcalt in what terms to characterise the present in tense beat of tlie woather. The whole of the week has beeu a succes sion pf Black Thursdays with scarcely an intermis sion. Each night the sable woods of Mount Macedou present a gorgeous fiery spectacle, while during the day they are. completely veiled from view by im penetrable smoke. In all our ' colonial experience' we have never witnessed unything approaohing the present intensity of the atmosphere. ? The heat of ihe weather (says the Maryborough Ad v ertiier) on Saturday, Sunday, aud Monday was ex treme, and its effects were plainly visible iu the jaded faoes and languid carriage of every oue we met. We have never, during a lopg residence in the coloDy, known three such hot days follow oon seoutively one ou the other. On Saturday, at ' 1 o'clock, the thermometer stood in tho shade at 116° ; ou Sunday the temperature was slightly lower; and yesterday it was more intense than either. Even so late as between 4 and 5 o'clook^the thermometer stood at 109 ° in the Bhado. - About Benalla tbe bush is on fire In every direc tion. The fire oovered . more than six miles of ground. The Daylesford correspondent of the Mail re ports : — Bush fires are raging all around us — at Stoney oreek, Doctor's gaily, Spring cieek, the dry. dig gings, aud indeed in almost every direction. From the Wombat hill, look whioh way you- will, the country seems in ono universal blaze. The heat is almost suffocating. Many have declared this day (Tuesday) to be the moat oppressive they. ever ex perienced. Information of damage done has not yet reached this, but great fears are entertained relative thereto.' . 