Domestic Sayings and Doings. Up to eight o'clock this morning the King George's Sound overland mail, with the Eng- lish October mails, had not arrived. To Correspondents.—We cannot give in- ertion to "Free Settler," without full per- mission to disclose the name of the writer if requisite, as it contains matter which would probably produce an inquiry as to the truth of statements and charges made, concerning which we have no knowledge.—ED. I. J. Mr Rodda, the gentleman who arrived from South Australia, at the instance of the Mining Association, to examine and report upon the "Wanerenooka Mine, and. the other property of the Association, has returned from his vi- sit of inspection, and reports most favorably as to the value and importance of the Mine, and also of the other mineral sections. In consequence of this report a eemting of the Shareholders is called to consider the advisa- bility of increasing the capital of the Associa- tion and working the mine upon a greatly extended scale. The Grape crop this season will be larger than it was ever known, the bunches hang- ing thick and of very large size ; in many in- stances however we have noticed that the set- ting of the blossom was not perfect and the bunches are not full of berries, a circumstance rather fortunate than otherwise, as if perfect fecundation had taken place, the mass of fruit would have been so great, as to have se- riously weakened and damaged the plant. We regret to report the occurrence throughout the York and Toodyay dis- tricts of the most extensive Bush Fires that have happened for some years past; but little of the country from Beverly to Bolgart is said to have escaped, and what is to be done for feed is a question with almost every stock owner in the districts. So far as we have heard there has been happily no lives lost, and other than the loss of feed, the only ca- sualties we have yet heard of are 16 acres of wheat belonging to Mr M'Intosh, 30 sheep, Mr D. M'Pherson, 17 acres of wheat and two cottages with their contents, Mr Reynolds. On Monday last, being St. John's Day, the Freemasons' of the united Lodges 712 and 753 celebrated their anniversary with their usual Supper at the Freemasons' Hotel. At a very full Lodge, the Worshipful Master for the ensuing year, Brother T. N. Yule, was installed. The banquet was attended by upwards of forty brethren among whom were several guests visitors from South Australia and England, and in the handsome style of its getting up reflected great credit upon the Stewards, and the purveyor, Mr Strickland. The room was decorated with flags, and the tables with large vases of flowers; the Royal Engineers' band was in attendance and played appropriate airs after the usual loyal and Masonic toasts, all of which were given and responded to with true Masonic warmth of feeling. The Rev. Z. Barry, of Fremantle, intends lecturing in the Mechanics' Hall, some time next month. His subject is, we believe, " The Planets—are they inhabited ?" The children attending the Catholic schools in Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford, ac- quitted themselves at their annual examina- tions, which were held last week, to the satis- faction of all present. On the last day, His Excellency the Governor, Mrs Kennedy and family, honored the School of the Sisters of Mercy by their presence, on which occa- sion the attendance of visitors was more nume- rous than on any former year. The total num- ber of children, male and female, attending these Schools is 607. 