(From the Tatt Courier of Saturday.) ¡ - JJBTHNTION OP TUB ôTDïiBr MAIL.- i tie miu woicn. should have arrived from Goulburn in Yaaa at 8;a.m, on Sunday, did not reach Here'lill after 3 p.m. It left Goulburn at the usual time, and travelled at a 3bod pace to tho Breadalbane Plains , when a perfect elu»e of rain set in, and the whole road in a few mi- nutée became like a river. In coming to the Dead sian's Creek, the water was found to be running bank high. Tho horses made one plunge in, and all the whipcord in the country could not have stirred them. Daylight dawned, and with it assistance; and all were set once more on' terra firma. The mail then made good headway, and galloped into Tass a little.after three in the afternoon. , YASS HOSPITAL ANNUAL MBBTINO.-Tae_. annual Ïublic meeting of contributors to this institution iwas eld on Tuesday fast, the president, Rev. C. F. Brlg I stocko occupying the chair. Prom . the' treasurer^ accounts-it appears .that .the receipts from' all sources during thc past vcar (including' balance from 3let December, 1856, £183 ls. lOd. ; government 'aid, , £199 16*. ld. ; and unclaimed poundages; £100 14s. lOd.) amount t-> £1160 14s. 3 1. ; and the disburse- ments to £493 Os. Hid.; leaving abalance to the credit of the institution on tho last day of the year .of £607 13s. 3Jd. On thc 16th instant there waa £036 14s. Iud. at the credit of the committee ; the hospital being at prcsoat ia a more flourishing, state aa re- ? gards fonda than it was ever previously known lo be. The LATE CALAMITOUS BUSH Fires.-The whole country for miles around has been laid waste by the recent destructive and calamitous bush-fires, and great will be the loss and deprivation to many of oursettlers' from the burning of their crops, the perishing of every morsel of feed for their horses and cattle, and the destruction to all kinds of property. But we have heard of none who have been so unfortunate, d urine this terrible visitation of Captain M'Cullum, of Good Hope. That gentleman's loss exceeds in value £700. The fire broke out during the hot winds of Friday - last, and came in a direction unlooked for. Some time since Captain M'Callum made several attempts tb burn the thistles that surrounded his property. After burning the grass around the wheat and hay stacks, and some distance on each side the fencing, Captain M'Callum felt 'himself safe from any fire that might break out in his vicinity. However, on Friday last, the captain was startled from his.. thoughts of fancied security by the information that a - fire had broken out, and that the flames were march- ing through the thistles-which were at this time ten and twelve feet high-at the rate of about 30 or 40.1 miles an hour toward the whole of his last year's pro- duce. Captain McCallum and family had only time"'to. j view from a distant rising ground, the destruodve/eleV 1 ment pour into the barns and stacks, along the fencing, of their property, and through a store house which j had been erected, at a cost of £1200 two or three years since; but which they had kept unoccupied since the ! floods that had inundated it. They had no power to arrest the-progress of the fire, and property to. the value of nearly £1000 became a sacrifice. Others ! have been sufferers, and amongst them we may men-_] tion Mr. Charles Hall, of Yeumburra, who has had ill his run burned, and will experience much difficulty in getting feed for his sheep. Mr. Shlnkwin, and many others on the Yass River, have been in great danger, the fires coming down upon their I crops at the rate of a mile a minute; but by dint of great perseverance the progress of the flames was stayed, and their ruin prevented. On Friday 1 night the fence of Mr. William Davis, of the Gap, was consumed, and it was with difficulty that the house : and outbuildings were saved. On Saturday night a heavy rain came on, put out the fires, and thus saved the country from further calamity.-Goulburn Herald. TWO CHILDREN LOST IN THE BUSH. -On Saturday last Gunning was thrown into a state of excitement on it becoming known that two children of the respective ages of five and seven, the sons of Mr. Timothy Buck- ley, bad not been seen all day, although search had been made in every part of the town for them, and it was not till late on the following day that any infor- mation could be obtained concerning them. Great was the joy of the parents, when Mr. Wav returned from the bush with one and Mr. Walter Woodhouse with the other, in a wet and forlorn condition. It appears that the children had strayed from home on the Saturday morning into the bush and were unable to find their way back, and consequently were ex- posed to the frightfully heavy rain of Saturday night and Sunday morning. 