CASTLEMAINE. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTION.—The election terminated yesterday (Friday) by the return of Mr. Christophers, by a majority of 11 over Mr Hay, of Forest Creek. The election passed off with great good-humor, the friends of each candidate exciting themselves to the utmost in his behalf. Up to half-past 3 o'clock Mr. Hay took the lead on the poll, but a few minutes before 4 Mr. Christophers was slightly a-head. Just as the door of the Municipal Chambers was closed, a cart-load of Mr. Hay's supporters drove up, and found themselves too late At the close of the election the Chairman ad journed to the Mechanics' Hall, and informed the audience that the number of votes for Mr. Christophers was 159, and for Mr. Hay 148, he therefore declared Mr. Christophers duly elected —Miners Right. NEW RUSH—A small tract of unworked ground nearly opposite Maloney's Hotel At Winter's Flat, was accidentally discovered a day or two ago. There was a slight rush to the spot in consequence; and, according to our lnformant, some of the diggers engaged in the locality were fortunate enongh to obtain as much as four ounces to the tub, while others succeeded in getting half that quantity. An unexpected prize like this relieves the dull routine of the miners, like a gleam of sunshine during a long continuance of wet weather. Miner's Right. THE WEATHER.—Once more we seen to be in the " dog days " of January, and everybody finds himself growing thinner—as the Hiber- nian phrase is—with each succeeding revolu t¡on of the earth. The weather has now been 'screaming " hot for more than three months, andthe prospect of a change seems as distant as ever. Bush-fires have again begun to make their appearance in various points of the horizon, and a few miles beyond Guilford a considerable tract of country has been in flames since the beginning of the week. The predictions made by all old residents, in the early part of December, as to the dryness of the season, have been verified to the letter.— Miner's Right. 