THE WESTERN DISTRICTS THE following intelligence is gathered from correspon- dence of the Bathurst Free Press of Saturday :- SOFALA. THE GOLD ESCORT.-The Postmaster-General has made a most inconvenient and whimsical change in the time of sending the mails bore. The Esoort'now arrives on Sunday evening in place of Monday, as . heretofore. The mail oart plies' between this placo and Bathurst three limes a week-going on one day, and returning the next; before the change, Sunday was the odd or spell day. Friday is now the day of rest. . Apart from preventing the - Escort men and Captain Bettye's mounted force from being able to attend to' their homes and religious duties on Sunday, and apart from the example of the said officials needlessly doing on the Sunday that which could be done on a week day, and apart from giving an additional impetus to the disposi. tion of Jobo Chinaman and other men who ought to know better to do their shopping and business on the Sabbath, the change will completely upset business. For instance, the miners generally work during the week, and sell their gold on Saturday evening to the store, keepers, or gold buyers in their respectivo distriots. Those purchasers before the chango could have it brought to the town on Monday in time to send it by the esonrt on Tuesday morning. This was particularly con- venient to persons living on the Lower Turon, at Palmer's Oakey, . distance from IO to 10 miles from Sofala. It will be impossible in future, even putting religious duties aside, to get gold purchased at a distance on Saturday night, and brought up to tho town on Sun- day in time to send away on Monday, and it must there- fore be kept a woek, and of course this state of things roust needlessly employ a double capital-a thing now rather inconvenient to many ef the Turonites. The chango will also givo us but two posts in place of three, unlesB the Sunday is to bo made a day of work, and, thank God, there are persons amongst us who will not desecrate the Sabbath for the unbusinesslike conduct of the Postmaster-General. He may become a Mahomedan if he wishes ; bo may do all in bia power to prevent per- sons under bim from attending Sunday service; he may keep every tenth day in honour of liberty; he may do all these things and muoh more torn-foolery if he pleases, but he cannot force people who have religious scruples to send their gold to the Commissioners on Sunday. So indignant are the traders at the ohange that not on ounce of gold was sent by Monday's escort £26 in notes was the amount of the precious cargo. A remon- strance was sent, a petition may be got up, at all events, an appeal will be made to a higher power, if the Post master-General persists in bis present arrangement. ORANGE. Since Wednesday last we have been daily and forcibly reminded of " Black Thursday;" the whole district being enveloped in one dense cloud of smoke. The fires ap- peared to have broken out in almost every direction nearly at the same time, but did not threaten anything more serious than the destruction of the grass until Wednesday, when Messrs. Templer, Dale, and T. T. Lane became somewhat alarmed for the safety of their crops and premises ; the services of twenty or thirty men were soon brought into requisition, who succeeded after a day and night's toil in stopping the progress of the devouring element. The next morning (Thursday), about 9 o'clock, we were again summoned to the spot of our previous night's employment, and it soon became apparent, owing to the changing of the wind, that it was perfectly hopeless to attempt to resist or stop the flames. Then came the question, what can be done? We at once determined upon burning a trail outside the pad- docks, and sending to Orange for all the help we could obtain. Three or four torches followed up by some ten or dozen men with large boughs, soon had a blaze a mile or two long, so that when the back fire came up it had nothing to feed it. During this process men were constantly arriving from Orange and the neighbouring farms, some on horseback and others in carts, but the principal number on foot. I should think at one time we mustered upwards of 150 men, all of whom appeared fully alive to the importance of their mission. When, night closed in, all danger was considered to be over as far as Mr. Dale was concerned, but it was deemed expedient to keep a watch. The next day the fire broke out again behind Mr. Templer's, and before we had it properly subdued, " the looker out," announced that Messrs. Law's and Pincomb's paddocks and premises were in danger, from a fire coming from the eastward. Here again a burnt track was considered the most expeditious and secure plan to adopt. Were I to give you a detailed account of everything that has transpired in connection with these fires, during the past five or six days, I should nearly fill your paper. They are now I believe nearly out, and the most of the grass in our district consumed. I have not heard of any lives being lost or crops and premises destroyed, but what is to become of our sheep and cattle, unless we have rain immediately, I am at a loss to imagine. Too much praise cannot be accorded to the inhabitants of our town and district, for tbe very noble manner in which they came forward to lend their aid in this truly time of need, for had it not been for the very prompt and energetic steps that were taken, Mr. Dale's and and Mr. Thomas Lane's wheat paddocks must have been destroyed, if not their houses. As all have done so well, I will not mention any, but the power cf endurance of some few persons bas been really marvellous, altogether surpassing ex M.P. Arnold's. Orange, January 12th, 1858. FISH RIVER. The delivery of lectures in the wild bush of Australia upon scientific and philosophical subjects is a circum- stance in itself so " novel and strange" that the bare mention of it will render many incredulous. Strange, however, as it may sound, it is no more strange than true. A series of leotures upon interesting topics of tho character described has been delivered at the establish, ment of Charles Whalan, Esq,, J. P., to large and res- pectable audiences gathered from the surrounding ooun try, whioh, from the deop attention given them, evi- dently exoited much interest. Two of tho most popular Rubjeots handled by the leoturcr were Astronomy and Physical Geography, and as tho grand and stupendous features of each of theso soiences were successively re- vealed, tbey evidently created a deep and no doubt a beneficial impression. The hestowers wore Mr. Whi- ting, a private tutor to a family upon the Fish River, and the other the Rev. Samuel Brownley. The pre. senoe of two gentlemen of refined and educated tastes in a thriving rural district snob as the Fish River, exer- cises an equally salutary and civilizing influenoa upon its inhabitant«, and we trust that they may lnng remain the teachers of a people who manifest so laudable a dis- position to walk in tbe paths of knowledge and improve- ment. THE CROPS.—The bush fires which the rain of Mon- day night happily extinguished, extended their march to the country upon the Upper Fish River, and have com- pletely denuded it of its grass. Great vigilance was re- quired in some instances to prevent the paddocks with the standing crops from being destroyed, but fortunately in every case with success. From enquiries we learn that there is a great diversity in the state of the crops upon the Fish River. In some places both wheat and oats are very light whilst in others they are fully up to the average. The wonder is that considering the very scant supply of rain since the sowing season, which is there very late, there should have been any crops at all, and more especially that the wheat should have filled. THE MAILS.-The present mall aiiaugomonts continue to bo regarded OB extremely unsatisfactory by the resi dentsupon the Fish River generally and efforts are being biade for a re-arrangement. The modus operandi of the Post Office department is certainly one of the puzzlos of these calculating business-like, mattar-of.faot days. RYLSTONE. A sale of Crown lands was held at the Police Office, on Friday last, the 8th instant, by Mr. W. W. Armstrong Clerk of Petty Sessions, being the first sale under the new regulations, which abolishes the office of Commis- sioner of Crown Lands. The lands offered for sale con- sisted of 43 special country lots-averaging 5 acres each -situated at Kain's Swamp, all of which had several times previously been put up at auction, and remained unsold. The attendance of purchasers was consequently very small, only 8 lots being sold. Tho total amount realised was £68 5s. 8d. LACHLAN AND Lowan DAnLiNo.-A mooting was held at Binalong on tho 8th inst int, when it was resolved that Mr. William .Macleay and Mr. John Paterson were fit and proper porsons to represent this distriot in the Assembly, and an influential oommitteo was appointed to soouro the elootion of those gentlemen. Mr. Patorson has oonsonted to como forward. On Tttosday latir, Mr. Nott, of Sydney, a Ron-in-lnw oi Dr. Ross, arrlvod in Yass with the intention, wo aro informod. of offorlng himsolf as a onndidnto for tho Laohlnn and Lower Dar- ling, as oondjutor of Mr. William Mnoloay. On homing tho result o'f tho meeting hold nt Binalong, he nt onoo returned to Sydney.-Yass Courter, January 10. Tin) MURRUMBIDOXB.-Mr. G. Mnoleny and Mr. Hay passed through Yass on Thursday lout, en route for tho principal townships in this olootovato. A mooting wnp, to bo hold in Gundagai yoBterdoy, and othor meetings aro to follow. Dr. Owen, who up to the present Hmo linn confined himself to addrossing meetings of thu oleo, tors nf Albury, is undorstood to bo in the field in oppo Dillon tn Mr. TTnv. Mr. Snenaor. of aundnnal. is Broken I of ns »hely tn be soUoUgd to oomo forward. -TUM Cto». I r/er, Jumwjr Wi 