THE GOLD FIELDS. Captain O'Connell has forwarded the following despatch by the Eagle. ' ... ' Crown Lands' Office, Gladstone, 58-50. ' September 20th, 1858. ' Sir — 1 . When addressing you, on the 7th inrtant, on the subject of the prospects and progress of the Canoona GoU-Fielils. I had hoped to be enabled to forward an additional communication by the overland mail, which closed on that evening, hut having to attend the Police Court on that day, I was unable to do so. '2. Since then, no opportunity of writing to Syd ney has presented itself, except by the Albion, a essel I understood to be bound for the Fitzroy River until she was underway, and it was too late to overtake her ; but as the Eagle, steamer, has left this on the 10th instant for Roekhampton,- and ? was expected back on the 13th, I did not deem the ' delay of much consequence. ' 3. The Eagle, however, only returned this even ing, having grounded on some of tlie shoals in the Fitzroy, and having been detained in consequence nearly a week beyond her anticipated time. ' 4. I may mention here that I sent my coxswain who had a good knowledge of the intricacies of the river, to aet as pilot on board the Eagle, but as it was his first trip with a vessel drawing so much water, it is not surprising, in an unsurveyed' channel, such a detention should have occurred. '5. I am now enabled to add to my former report that the progressive increase of the yield of gold on the Canoona Gold Fields is said to meet the most sanguine anticipations. ? ' G. Abrmt 350 ounces have now been sent to Sydney, but the principal portion of the gold1 obtained is still in possession or' the diggers. ' 7. The Engle reports having- sighted four vos-' sels this morning-, going into Keppel Bay, withWt' calling at this port; and the' Jeannetle, a' cutter, which came in here last night from Sydney,; brings accounts of a large number of vessels being laid on' for this place or the Fitzroy. '8. There are also numerous arrivals by all tl ? overland routes from the interior; and the niim- ? bers of persons on the diggings are computed at from five to six hundred. ?? ''9. Having been delayed here since the 5th in stant, by the necessity of obtaining fresh horses, and. of completing the business which awaited me, I now purpose proceeding, to morrow, to the gold-fieldp, and trust to have the honour of addressing you a further report on my return. ' 10. I enclose, for the information of the Honor, able tlie Secretary for Lands and Public Works, a - sketch of this locality, taken from the maps prepa red for the illustrations of the divisions of the Elec toral Bill, iu which I have indicated the approxi mate position of the Canoona G-nld-Fields. . . ' 11. From this sketch it will be perceived that the C.inoona Gold-Fields are distant from this about 100 miles. ' 12. I would impress upon the attention of Government that all this country, which now seems to be becoming the attraction to a considerable population, of whose advent, moreover, I have no warning previous to their arrival, is entirely on the outskirts of occupation ; and that much disorder may be anticipated from the sudden admixture of white people with the wild aborigines of the interior. ' 13. I beg also to bring under your notice the fact tint, from the departure of the great number . of the male population from hence, many women and children are left in Gladstone in more danger from risk of aboriginal outrage than I should like to subject them to had I any responsibility in this mat ter. ' l'K It happens that, at the present moment, out of the five constables stationed here, f.vo are absent on escort duty to Brisbane for indefinite periods ; so that when I leave, taking my three orderlies with me, for the gold-fields, the chief constable can with certainty depend only upon himself and three men to protect a town scattered over about two miles and a-half of ground, with the families of the absent dig gers to be cared for, '15. I am happy to say as yet, I hare heard no complaints, or even anticipation, of outrage; but, at this distance from all other resource, with the influx of white population to the diggings on the one hand, and the temporary abandonment of families in the midst of the aboriginal population on the uther, I should recommend a police force of at least one sergeant arid ten men to be a'dded, for the' purposes of escqrt and for the repression of'riot and disorder on the gold-fields, to the present available strength of police in this district. ' 16. I presume, also, the Government will think it necessary soon to appoint a resident commissioner to the Canoona Gold fields, and that I shall be authorised, in the meantime, to issue 'miners' rights' to those who may apply for thsin. ' I have the honour to he, Sir, your most obedient servant, ' M.'C. O Connell, C. C.-L. - 'The Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, &c.;,: &c;, Sydney.' The //eratarstates they ' are informed by a party who visited the diggings in the E igle, and returned by her, that there is no doubt as to the abundance of gold to be obtained on the field, which he des cribes as one of- very considerable extent. He states, however, that the miners at present are too much scattered,: and too ready to fly off on' ev«ry. rumour of new. diggings, to have given the field a fair, chance. Those who have settled down to work steadily ? are doing very well. -while none who work at all are unsuccessful in finding gold in paying quantities. He thinks the field likely to prove richer than any yet worked in New South 'Wales', if not in Victoria. Goods and carriage very dear.' ' ? Many letters: have been received in Sydney by - the friends of those who hare gnne to the Fitzroy. All of them .mention in very satisfactory; terms, the prospects and hopes which they/entertain of the gold fields. We have heard of no letter giving discouraging accounts. We print the four following as they bear the latest dates. ..-'?? : . From John Hope to Mr. H. Caslle,.150l Pitt Street, ? ''..-? Sydney:— ' Canoona Digging?, September 14, 1 858.— Dear Sir — I have taken this opportunity o sending you a few lines to let you know the state of affairs with me. This is getting a great place I can assure you, but I do not see anything extraordinary rich about it yet. There has heen one made £50 in one week, and some others J220 ; others nothing. Our party of three have made the last fortnight £63 between us. I do not know if it willconlinue, as our claim is worked out. There has been a squabble with the Chinamen about a claim. They resorted to fire arms, but the whites disarmed them '; arid a meeting was called, when it was determined to form a code of regulations for the working of the diggings. AH Chinamen to be requested to deliver up their fire arms to the storekeeper until the arrival of a^Com missioner. Some- nuggets have been got weighing as high as 6 ozs,-. The largest I got wns 2 ozs.' From George ^urner to Mr Edward Byrne, of tho Waterloo Estate:— ' Dear Sir— I wrote to you from Gladstone 8th instant, in'.endl.ng'to send by the overland mail, but we were a day too late, as the mail was closed three hours before we got into port. ' We arrived there on the 8th instant and. stopped there a day and a-half. We left on Friday jnorning, and are now at ten o'clock on Sunday morning stu'ck_in the Fitzroy River about twelve miles from Roekhampton. The more news we hear the better we like the diggings — some of my shipmates saw 31b. 8oz. of gold in Gladstone got by two men in a fortnight. The gold ' is very black and nugttetty. The diggers are keep ingtlie gold back, as they dont know the value of it. The price here is only £3 10s. per ounce. U Hickey comes .tell him to come by the tttamerif he can, even if he should wait a week to get one. ? ? ? ? The black* are very numerous here, but they appear to he very quiet at- present. There has been one. row on tho diggings between the Chinamen and Oie whites. The whites have taken all the fi earmn from the Chinamen, and pat them all in one of tho etores on the driflgiDgs. The diggersaro at present composed ofjJiepberds, shecpshearere, and China men — Shout 300 Europeans, and 00 Chinamen. . . ?* Roekhampton, 14th September — We were d». tallied on the sarid as expected. About two miles higher up the river got »tnck again, so tbat tbejl have landed the passenger*, and tooi our luggage up to the towp of Bockhampton. As we get nearer t» diggings «e hear good news i it appears better as we approach nearer, and is quito contrary to any mirK thatlh'avo ever heard of before. I take too present opportunity of writing as I ain afraid I can not send according to promise, although I shonlil write. The O'tago, schooner, and the Eagw steamer, ara both about nine miles from Rock hauipton. ' Tell Hickey to prepare himself with firearms, as there are both crocodiles and alligators up.hero, ' »'»***??? ??*'' ? ? . We fro to the diggings by a bullock dray',' and the next letter I shall write will be from the diggings.' « Canoona Diggings. North Bendigo,- Fitzroy River, ? ? September 12th. 'Dear Sir — I write these few lines to inform you ofour safe arrival at this plnce, nfier n Inns; and pleasant journey. 'When we nrrived lit Hoc1di.imp ? ton we started for the diggings on the following Sunday, and nrrived SBfc on the diggings on Monday niaht without meeting with any molestation from ' the blacks, but we found our journey of 35 milts Wns nearer 40 miles. We hnve hnd fortune on our side ever since we left Sydney. A kind settler gave my wife the use of a horse to ride up to the diggings, which helped us greatly, but she was very much tired. Now, my dear friend, I don't regret coming. For the first week I worked I cleared £S. besides paying for two weeks1 rations, the whole amount being better than £12 in one week. Gold is Belling here at £3 10s. per ounce, which I con sider is a (Kent sacrifice, for it is worth jC3 I 8s. per ounce. If I had money I would keep my gold, hut as I have no capital I must sell. There is every prospect of this being a good gold-field. The gold is found, as yet, on the. top of the ground, from two to twelve inches deep. It is very coarse and nug eelty. The largest that has been got in my party is one ounce, but there has hecn some found from three ounces to four and half ounces. This is sur. facing, and there is no sinking, except for water. No gold found in the wells. If you should come up, I am your mate as soon as you arrive. Bring two revolvers, one for me and one for yourself. Tell everybody the news, for we want population to prospect the ground, for there is only about 3Q9 men, women, and children here, am! all scratching . together. No losing here — wages to he made in all parts of these diggings, There .is(,iio flattery istjout this, it'is real fact. We have had a:great turn out with the Chinamen. We have taken all their fire., arms from them and their ammunition. Tell everybody that knows me the nejis, to come up, for they cannot go astray for gold. There was never Buch diggings before found. We must conclude with our best and kindest lovetoyou, and yours, John and Susan Humphieys.' '? Mr. Vaughan, whose statement respecting the Filzroy gold fields we published in cur last, is (says the' Herald) anxious to remove any im pression which might be conveyed thereby too favourable to the prospects of the dij/gings. During his residence upon the diggings lor one month he had come to the conclusion that many diggers were not earning rations — that few were making anything considerable. Dysentery, ague, fever:— such are the diseases which threaten the digger. In his belief the diggings must he shortly exhausted, and the reflux of population will he rapid and eager. He supposes that there were 400 diggers when he left, most of whom were per sons from the surrounding stations, shepherds and others, who had but little experience of a digger's life, and many who heartily wished themselves at their former employments. Several reasons are given for the non transmission of gold by the Eagle: first, that the Eagle was at Rockhampton only one day ; second, that the value of the gold is not .sufficiently ascertained, and that the diggers hold it under an impression of its 'superior \\-alue, compared with the price on the spot. . The 'William Buchanan sailed from- Newcastle on Monday, for the Fitzroy River, taking ninety-eight passengers, nearly all young men from Newcastle. At the Peel River mines, quartz-crushing ope rations are being carried on with vigour, and large returns have in several instances been the result. Nearly all the gold received from Tamworth, 0+9 ounces C dwts., is the produce of the Peel diggings during the last fortnight. If a similar amount of .gold had been received from Port Curtis, what a rush would take place. At the Rocky Riter also, diggers arc doing very well, rain having fallen and filled many of the water-holes. -;.--.? .-. Burrendono. — The accounts from Burrendong are creating considerable excitement in town, and have, for the time being, driven the Filzroy diggings into the shade.- A resident upon Stoney. Creek, writing to a friend in town, says — '. There are some parties .at Burrendong doing very well. Mr. Isaacs purchased 444 ounces of gold, which was got at the bottom of a hole by two men ; and, another parcel of 180 ozs:,'' which was taken oiic'of; another hole, together with a nugget of 38 lbs; weight.' A correspondent^ Wellington says— ' The success at Bnrrendong is very encouraging, and the yield of gold is enormous. There has not been any .exagge ration in the reports furnished to your journals;' and parties who, on the first intelligence from the Filzroy diggings, were making every haste- to. depart have altered their determination, mid are off to Burrendong. There can be no doubt but ours is one of the most auriferous districts of the colony.' ? The above reports 'are*- confirmed ''.by the oral testimony of several parties lately' from the Wellington Diggings, and it is thereforea matter of small astonishment that a general rush-to Burr-en-'' dong should have set m.—Bathurst- Free Press, September 29th. ; ? ?'???? .- ; ; '???? '-? The Digging Community.— At the present; time there are-but few symptoms amongst the mining community of this disirict-of,l'av.tnii:ratory .tendency towaids the, Fitsroy diggings. In. fact, from .inquiries which we have made, we find that in: consequence of the. recent heavy finds at the .'.Bur-, rendong gold- field, large numbers are attracted thitherward. The most remunerative claims .on' Ballarat, commonly known as ' Jewellers! shops,' required a large outlay of capital, and considerable peiiod of time to work them successfully; whereas at Burrendong the sinking is generally shallow. In fact, the last heavy yield was arrived at, after a week's labour. We trust to hear of a continuance of heavy yields, and that our correspondent will not fail to give us earliest information of the same. Gold. — The gold escort brought into Bathnrst on Monday last, from the Turon, 274(5 ounces of gold ; and from Stoney Creek, &c.;, 287 ounces. A considerable quantity lias also come in by private hands (purchased by the several gold buyers in Balhurst) from . Winburndnle and Campbell's Creeks; also from King's Plains and the Aber crombie River.— Batlmrst Times, September 27. It is anticipated that the rush to the Filz roy will have the effect of indefinitely postponing the commencement of some of tho new lines of rnil vay, and the extension of those now in existence. The Balhurst Times stiites tlint the average earningB of the diggers on nil tho Western Diggings ore much higher than those of 'Victoria. The recent gold di«coverii's have relieved the Unemployed Committee of their duties. ' The coal trade nt Newcastle is Kt present, very 'dull, with little demand.' .This is generally th'^case during the~summer mon'ths. '' ^««- The differences between' tho Newcastle Coal and Copper Company and (heirminers have . at length been adjusted, and the men resumed work on Tuesday. All thn grievances complained of.liy the men are to be redressed, and they will also re ceive an advance ol wages equal to about 2s. 6d. per yard. This is one result of the late gold discovery ; previous to that the Company would only employ the men individually, at a reduced rate ; now they accept them in a body, at an advanced rate. The men have been out. on strike now for six weeks. Workable sluto had been discovered at Mummcl. At Bathnrst, tho last papers received state that continuous.- rain had set in. Goulliurn Iiad been visited by a very heavy thunderstorm, ?,, '.was succeeded by heavy rain. The Wollon dilly river- became. much swollen,, mid impassable. At Kiaiha rain was still much wanted. At. JJnpId farmers were beginning to .feel 'uneasy, as little grass remained j hot winds arid bush'fires. *'ere_ prevalent. At Bugan.and the River Muc quarie there wus little grass ami n scarcity of water. ' I he Accounts from Shoalhaven report tho P°'at.° and otheV crops as looking ;well, a copious '--?m' Viiin having visited that part ol' tho country. /?: r'J6 ..Allowing verdict was' returned by tho IjJJX ?}- ' tlie investigation on the circumstances attendihgf tht-' Ueatli' of James Graham', shot by the Chief coiistftlile'nt the Turn ut:—' It is the opinion of the. jury, that the deceased, James Graham, beiiiR ?a prisoner charged. with ft-lony, having effected his escape from the Tumut lock-up, died -from the nflVcts of a pistol-shot wound. That pistol was Uncharged by chief constable Muiphy, in the execution of his duty jn endeavouring to re-capture him. Verdict— Justifiable ' H6micide.' ? Flour is quoted at Launceaton at j£17 por ten j wheat, 0*. 91 .to 7s. jjor busliql. '....'.,. , 