POLICE. CITY COURT. Thursday, 7th January, 1868. (Before Mr. Sturt, Chairman, and Messrs. Long and Khull) Edward Toole, a well-known bad character, was sent to gaol for three months, for dis- orderly conduct. John Quinn, a lad about 18 years of age, on remand on the charge of stealing a tea- caddy, was again brought up this morning. Mr. Parker, of Stephen-street, stated that the caddy produced was the property of Mrs. Doctor Hunter, she having left it at his shop for repair. Evidence was given to prove that the prisoner had pawned the caddy at the shop of Mr. Lewis, on the 9th December, for 5s., and the ticket he received was found on his person when apprehended by Detective Williams. The prisoner pleaded that he was hired by another person to pawn the caddy, but the Bench found him guilty of stealing it, and sentenced him to 14 days' imprison- ment. Charles Knight, apprehended on warrant on the charge of assaulting his wife, was bound over to keep the peace for six months. Henry Bowden, for being drunk when in charge of a horse and car, was fined £5, Janet M'Laughlin was sentenced to two months' imprisonment, for soliciting prosti- tution in the streets. Simon alias Samuel Walsh was again brought up, on remand, on the charge of being a pri- soner of the Crown illegally at large, from New South Wales. It was stated by the pri- soner's solicitor that a person named Hepburn bad acted as informer against the prisoner, and caused his arrest, notwithstanding that the latter had been in the colony seven or eight years, and during the whole of that period, had borne a respectable character. For the past two years he had been in the employ of Messrs. Foster and Vinge, as clerk. Robert Hepburn was called, and it was stated that he had been duly summoned to attend, but he did not appear; and, there being no evi- dence of identity, the prisoner was dis- charged, the Bench observing that the only evidence which had been given went to show that the prisoner had conducted himself respectably for a number of years. Mr. Superintendent Nicolson applied to the Bench for a warrant to compel Hepburn's attendance, observing that no encouragement should be given to persons to gratify their private pique, and that Hepburn's disobeying the summons which had been served on him for his attendance in this case was turning the authority of the law into ridicule. The Bench granted the application, and a warrant for Hopburn will accordingly issue. Thomas Grey was again brought up on remand, on the charge of abduction, and committed for trial. Robert Kirkpatrick was again brought up on remand, on the charge of uttering forged cheques. William Vallance, a licensed vic- tualler in Jeffcott-street, stated that to the best of his belief the prisoner was the man who presented him a cheque (produced): but he was not clear as to his identity. Thomas Young, a grocer in North Mel- bourne, stated that the prisoner was the man who presented a cheque (a second cheque produced). He represented himself to be the landlord of the Brunswick Hotel, Brunswick. The cheque purported to have been drawn by Tennent and Co., and was presented by the prisoner on the 26th November last. He gave him part goods and part cash for the cheque. Mr. Blundell, of the firm of Tennent and Co., stated that the cheque produced was a forgery. He did not know the prisoner. For the defence, Martin Brennan was called, and stated that he was a passenger by the ship British Trident, which arrived here on the 3rd of December. The prisoner was a second cabin passenger on board the ship, and landed on the 4th of December. The Bench remanded the prisoner until the following day, that the evidence of the purser of the ship might be obtained. BAMAAEAT ENTERPRISE.-We have been ia orrned that our enterprising townsman, Mr. lolm Gibbs, of the Charlie Napier, has, in onneotion with three other .Ballaarat gontle non, doterminedmpon conveying water sult ibie for d cimes tie and mining'purposes from li'Culluin'B Creek into the' (very centre of n ary borough. - Wo are quita sure that the in labitnnts of that district will haili with feel ugfl of thudivoliesfBotisfuetlon the'advont of inch a scheme;*! iThe works necessary will ha if a gigantic character : many engineering dif. ¡culties will have to ha overcome, but with heiesouicesof the originators.'of the schema, vc are Bure they will be overcome. We have inly to regret one thing In connection with his matter, and that is, that a plentiful sun- dy of watei for mining purposes for the dis- tict of Maryborough may have the effect of eesening tho population of our own gold iiUd.-Ballaarat Times. AMOTiruB. Uusu-FmB. -Some little oxcita nmt was occasioned on Monday evening by ne appearance of a dense body of smoke ay Riding apparently from the direction of tha ki l'ost-jfnoa Hill. Our reporter procaadaj ' ./irda the spot, but before going far he dis overed it to ba a large bush-fire in the di ? ction of Mount Buninyong, and about four Iles off. A large tract of bush, timbar, &."' ¿ured tobe ia flames.--Ballarat Timts. 