STORY OF A BUSH FIRE. Mr. HENRY Kingsley has written a very readable book entitled "The Recollections of Geoffrey Hamlyn," in- cluding, amongst othor sketches, incidents of Aus- tralian life in the olden times. We quote the following description of a bush fire :- "I had seen many bush fires, but never such a one as this. The wind was blowing a hurricane, and, when I had ridden about two miles into Scrub, high enough to brush my horse's belly, I began to get frightened. Still I persevered, against hope; the heat grew more fearful every minute ; but I reflectad that I had often ridden up close to a bush fire, turned when I began to see the flame through the smoke, and cantered away from it easily. "Then it struck me that I had never yet seen a bush fire in such a hurricane as this. Then I remembered stories of men riding for their lives, and others of burnt horses and men found in the bush. And, now, I saw a sight which made me turn in good earnest. " I was in lofty timber, and, as I paused, I heard the mighty cracking of fire coming through the wood. At the same instant the blinding smoke burst into a million tongues of flickering flame, and I saw the fire-not where I had ever seen it before-not creeping along among the scrub-but up aloft, a hundred and fifty feet overhead. lt had caught the dry bituminous tops of the higher boughs, and was flying along from tree-top to tree-top like lightning. Below, the wind was compara- tively moderate, but, up there, it was travelling twenty miles an hour. I saw one tree ignite like gun-cotton, and then my heart grew small, and I turned and fled. "I rodo as I never rode before. There were three miles to go ere I cleared the forest, and got among the short grass where I could save myself- three miles! Ten minutes nearly of intelerable heat, blinding smoke, and mortal terror. Any death but this! Drowning were pleasant, glorious to sink down into the cool sparkling water. But to be burnt alive! Fool that I was to ven- ture so far! I would give all my money now to bo naked and penniless, rolling about in a cool pleasant river. "The maddened, terrified horse went like the wind, but not like the hurricane- that was too swift for us. The fire had outstripped us over head, and I oould see it dimly through the infernal choking reek, leaping and blazing a hundred yards before me, among the feathery foliage, devouring it, as the south wind devours the thunder clouds. Then I could see nothing. Was I clear of the forest ? Thank tho Lord, yes,-I was riding over grass. " I managed to pull up the horse, and as I did so, a mob of kangaroos blundered by, blinded, almost against me, noticing me no more in their terror than if I had been a stump or a stone. Soon tho fire came hissing along through the grass scarcely six inches high, and I walked my horse through it ; then I tumbled off on the blackened ground, and felt as if I should die. "I lay there on tho hot black ground. My head felt like a block of stone, and my neck was stiff so that I could not move my bead. My throat was swelled and dry as a sandhill, and there was a roaring in my ears like a cataract. I thought of the cool waterfalls among the rocks far away in Devon. I thought of everything that was cool and pleasant, and than came into my head about Dives praying for a drop of water. I tried to get up, but could not, so lay down again with my head upon my arm." 