SOUTH AVSTRALIA. Wo have received Adelaide papers to the 17th. inst. Several destructive bush-fires had occurred) in the colony. The Tanunda concspondent ÔC the South Australian Register gives the followia':» account of ono of these disastrous conflagrations, which appears to havo been caused by the grossest negligenco :- i " A becond and moie local danger uroBe from a' I ush-flrc that broke outatthesandsoruh between beic and Angaston, in the forenoon of the sim.3 day. A tromcndouB cloud of smoko whirling up into tlio air led to apprehenfions of tho worofc, and nearly all tho malo population of Tanandi and tho adjoining townships hastenedto the plaoa ,of disaster to render assistance, if possible, against the raging foo. The combined exertions ?»ero not without avail, and tho furious march 'of tho fire was successfully halted. Tho danugj done has, noveitheless, been considerable. Au' inquest was hold on Monday, at the Tanunda Hotel, beforo Mr. F. S. F. Aldonhovon, J.P., as coroner. Edward Graetz stated,-I wai the first man at the place when the lira began, at 11 o'clock. There was not an aero burnt when I came there. The fire proceodad from a heap of charcoal. It was all alight '_ wben I arrived. The heap of charcoal was on ' Mr. Pfeiffer's section. Thoro was no proteotion to tho kiln. I saw the charcoal burning thero last week. I was not close to it beforo, but oaly baw it smoke. I did not consider tho kiln to ba " mailo as it ought to have beon ; it was not pra Eeily covered. I was close to it when the fire egan on the 13th inst. There was a lot of char- coal left. I did not soo Mr. Pfeiffer take any charcoal out. Gottfried Kappler doposod,-About 11 o'clock I went to where the fire was. When £ arrived the fire was about 100 yards from the place where the charcoal was. I did not saa anybody thore. I did all I could to stop the fire, but did not succeed. It was in Mr. Pfeiffer'* section. I passed thero about ii week ago an I saw the heap of charcoal alight. I saw there W w some charcoal taken out and covered with earth ; there was ..bo a spade. I think the earth w « Ïut on again for continuing charcoal-bur ni uj. saw nobody. T saw the fire in the lioip. Only so muck earth and grass wero taken away as was necessary to cover the kdn. When, I came to the fire tho grass was burnt about a hundred yards from the Kiln ou the side below the wind. Christian Fauiko btated,-About 3 o'clock in the afternoon I '¡>aw' an enormoift smoke. I kurried from Bethany to the plas.) whore tho firo commenced. I found the kiln o i ' Jiro, and tho coals outside the kiln also. Tha" wind caine from the western side, and all WAS burnt away to the "eastern side. The fire Was' then all over. On the western sido about thrai 'J Íardsworeburnt. I had not seen the kiln before'. " ly Mr. Pfeiffer.-I did not mention children. I did not see the firo commence. Edwaid Graetz, recalled, and questioned by Mr.' Pfeiffer, said, Tbcro was nothing cleared away but what WAS used for covering. I saw fire lying in the grass. ' 1 am sure that tile fire came out of tho heap. By a Juror.-Tho grass was burnt out of the kiln. I can swear to it. I went to save my paddock. 'I' could not seo three yards a-head for smoke. By the Coronor. - I saw the smoke of the kiln last Friday. There was some grass close to the kiln yesterday morning when the fire began. Wilhelm Schilling stated,-I was there between 2 and 3 .o'clock in the afternoon, to see where the lira carno from. I saw sómo charcoal raked out a good time before. I went and looked at th.3 charcoal, and saw it burning, and also saw that iho firo commenced in the section of Wilhelm ' Pfeiffer. I had not seen the kiln beforo yester- day. It was not burnt very far towards weat against the wind. I saw fire in tho holo of the Itiln. I saw only ono hole more alight on top than down below. Mr. Pfeiffer, in answer to tho coroner, declined saying anything. The follow-' ing verdict was returned :-' The jury is of opinion that tho fire accidentally originate 1 through careless in the management of a kiln of charcoal by Mr. Wilhelm Pfeiffer, of Moo-, rooioo.' " I havo been informed that several of the sufTeieis intend to claim from Mr. Pfeiffer com- pensation for tho damages done by the fire, A Mr. Bricgor estimates his loss at '£40. The whole comprises about 20 sections of grass, some timbar and fences. Wheat and other crops have not been destroyed." Tho correspondent of the same journal at Gawler communicates the accompanying : " DISTRESSING BAIL-WAY ACCIDENT.-Oa Wednesday morning, at half-past 0 o'clock, ona of the railway labouiers in the employ of Mr. Gouge, the contractor, met with a serious acci- dent while seatod upon a truck 'loadod with sleepers, in company with several of his follow v.orkmen. The men had come from Adelaide to Gawler by the early train, and were preparing to proceed along the Kapunda Extension upon a timber truck, One of them, James O'liochlan, of Elizabeth- street, Adelaide, was seated on sams sleopers at the rear of the truck, whioh, with somo other trucks, had keen shunted on to tha main lino, and cas.t off by the engine. The trucks were running at a moderate speed, by their o va momentum^ to a junction with other trucks, o i joining which tho jerk threw O'Lochlan back- wards on to the line, where he unfortunately fell so that both his ancles lay across one of the rails, in which position the four wheels of two truoks passed over them, crushing them into » fright- ful mass of bones, torn muscles, and sinews. The unfortunate man was perfectly sober at tho time, and the speed of the trucks was so modoiate that one of the railway porters was pro- ceeding at a gentle speed up the line, in front of them, for the purpose of hooking them to those in advance ; yet such was their weight and powor i s almost to effect entire amputations of the twj limbs. His comrades, as the trucks were approach- ing the contact, cried out ' Look out, Jemmy,'attd, considering the caution sufficient, it was not at first perceived that he kad disappearel. Ho was taken, in a painfully mangled statj, i o Mr. Martin's, Terminus Hotel, and Dr. P j i linin was immediately sent for. Tho ease bein» f o serious, that gentleman despatched Mr. Bar ijman, jun., to Dr. Nott, and subsequently to Dr. Lewis, requesting the assistance of one o£ \ hem on the occasion. These applications, how over, being successful, and Mr. Wilkinson hoar ing of the case, he very promptly and consider- ately tendered hi8 services to Dr. Popham, wha, with .his co-operation, succeeded in removing, about half-past 11, the mangled portion of the left leg, amputation offering the only chance of life to the sufierer, who boro the operation with great courage. V. lien our reporter loft, between 2aad o o'clock, O liochlan was going on well, and in- clining to sleep. Dr. Popham had left for a thort time, intimating his speedy return, aud Ftnting that he might consider it needful to re- main with him during the night. No blame appears attachable to any individual in contno non with this melancholy affair." Wo add a few paragraphs from tho late papers : " His EXCELLENCY'S TRIP TO THE NORTH. Information has been received that HisExnl lcncy the Governor was at Mount Serle on the nth inst., and was then about to pursue his jour.ioy into Major Warburton's country. Heavy rains bud fallen in that direction, the benefit of which will bo incalculable. " Mr. STUART.-A gentleman who has arrived lcccntlyfrom the north states that he met Air. Stuart and party, with 13 horses, fully equipped for a journey into the interior. Wo/Repister) presume, therefore, that by this timo Mr. Stuirfc has made considerable progress." * ; A TOOK CHINAMAN died of leprosy at the Great Western diggings a few days,, ago,. tAs is, the fashion of thus people, his'countrymen drove hin» from among them upon the disenso showing itself. ' -Ballarat Times. 