MACCLESFIELD [From our Special Reporter.] Macclesfield, Wednesday Evening, February 9. Having left Echunga after sunset, I had at least one advantage of travelling in the dark. The innumerable burning logs and trees which mark the extent of the devastation caused by the recent fire presented a scene of solemn grandeur not easily to be described. For many miles in every direction these brilliant glaring objects shone with an intense ruddy light, which, in the deep silence and solitude of the forests, was most impos- ing to behold. On reaching this place I found that the sad accounts which have already been published of the distressing calamity which has visited the district are but too true. I enclose you reports of a public meeting held here yesterday, for the purpose of taking such steps as might be deemed expedient for the relief of the sufferers, and of the inquest, both of which have been kindly supplied to me by Mr. Henry Linn. Those with whom I have conversed respecting the fire unite in describing it as having been of a very ap- palling character. It is represented as having come down upon the neighbourhood with the force and rapidity of a whirlwind. Its direction appears to have been from north-east to south-west, and it Is known to have laid waste the country for a distance of eight miles in the incredibly short time of three-quarters of an hour. About 9 o'clock on the Monday morning the in- habitants of Macclesfield observed it marching on- ward towards Watergate. Their first impulse was to run in that direction, in order to render what assis- tance they could in checking the flames in their wild career. But on approaching the locality they found it utterly impossible to get near to the fire on account of the dense clouds of smoke, the heat, and the dust. Having been compelled to retreat, their next object was to preserve the township from the fangs of the ruthless foe. By great and unremitting exertions this was effected, with the exception of two dwelling-houses, which were entirely destroyed. These were the re- sidences of Mr. Schedlich and of Mr. B. Albert. One singular circumstance occurred during the morning. A stack of hay belonging to Mr. Samuel Coleman, brewer, was discovered to be on fire, when a man who was carry- ing a quantity of beer in a can ran to the spot and with it extinguished the flame. Had the fire gained the mastery over this haystack, its proximity to the Daven- port Arms and other buildings would in all probability have reduced the township to a heap of ruins. The heat was so intense during the fire that copper and silver coins have since been found melted together. Further particulars, with the names of those who have sustained heavy losses by the fire, will be found in the enclosed reports to which I have already referred. In the Strathalbyn district, the loss of property is reported to have been very great. Dr. Walker's re- sidence was entirely consumed, together with the whole of the furniture, plate, linen, surgical instruments, hay, corn, fencing, and outhouses. The doctor with his family had been some days from home on a visit to Lake Albert. Amongst the other sufferers in that district, the following have been named to me:—Mr. William Pendall. Messrs. Reid & Williams, Mr. John Kennedy of the Long Valley, Mrs. Murphy, and some others. I intend leaving for Strathalbyn early in the morning, and will endeavour to get further particulars. [From our Macclesfield Correspondent.] A public meeting was held at Macclesfieid on the 8th instant, for the purpose of taking immediate steps to relieve the distress occasioned by the late fire. The Rev. J. B. Austin, who had taken an active part in getting up the meeting, was unanimously called to the chair. He said that while he consented to meet the wishes of the meeting, it would have given him much more pleasure to have met them and presided on a more joyous occasion. As this was a public calamity, and they were met to combine for the relief of the most ex- treme suffering, he hoped every one would give what assistance and information they could. Many families had lost all they possessed, and had not even a change of linen or a bit of bread to eat. These cases required immediate attention on their part. They must bear in mind that while many had sustained great loss that others who had lost less were in far more destitute cir- cumstances. As this was a meeting more for action than speechmaking, he had, with the assistance of a few gentle- men, prepared some resolutions for their consideration. He would ask Mr. Linn, who had yesterday gone over that part of the district destroyed by the fire, to read the result of his investigation. Mr. Henry Linn said that he had witnessed the fearful raging of the fire on Sunday morning, and had considered it his duty to visit the several sections and . homesteads to ascertain as near as possible the extent of the loss sustained. He had compared his own investi- gation with papers in possession of the Collector of Sta- tistics, and found that his (Mr. Linn's) was, indeed, a very low estimate. The sufferers' names were Henry Hill, W. Shapcott, James Clarke (houseless), W. Ander- son, C. Chandler (houseless), David Mott (houseless), George Leedham, sen. (houseless), Charles Fry, John Powel, E. Bolleymer (houseless), James Barry, John Davis, John Kane (houseless), — Lahiff (houseiess), John Reiken (houseless), Mrs. O'Connor, John Ryan (houseless), — Crick (houseless), George Gordon (house- less), — Kruger, husband and wife, both narrowly es- caped from death, and upwards of 60 years of age (house- less), —- Williamson (houseless), Carl G. Schedlich (houseless), B. Albert (houseless), John Horner (house- less), W. Marks (houseless), James Mott (houseless), M. Ryan (houseless), Joel Fry, W. Downs, Eli Davis, Charles Pasfield (houseless). There were numerous others who had suffered in a less degree. The lowest possible ag- gregate loss in corn, clothes, furniture, and farming im- plements Is above £2,600, and in fences and houses £ ',500. This loss was confined to the District of Mac- clesfield, and did not include fruit-trees, gardens, and grass-paddocks. He hoped that by making an appeal to their fellow-colonists they would be able to assist the sufferers. He also thought that by their representing the matter properly to the several landlords in the dis- trict they would forgive some part of the rents now due. He had spoken to Mr. Bolleymer, a great loser, about this, and his (Mr. Bolleymer's) impression was that he had received such great kindness from his landlord (Captain Hughes, of Clare) that he could not expect anything more. He (Mr. Linn) was certain, from Capt. Hughes's known liberality, that he would not now push matters to the extreme, and others might follow his example. The Chairman said that he should be glad to hear suggestions from any person. Mr. Henry Watts proposed, and Mr. Hounslow seconded— "That this meeting cordially sympathizes with the sufferers from the awful and calamitous fire that raged through this district on Sunday last." Carried. The following resolutions were also duly proposed, seconded, and carried unanimously:— "That it is eminently desirable that means be imme- diately adopted to relieve the sufferers." "That to effect this object subscription-lists be opened; that an appeal be made to the colony through the public papers; and that the Banks in Adelaide be requested to allow subscription- lists to lie open for the collection of subscriptions." "That the following gentlemen be appointed a Com- mittee to give effect to the above resolutions, namely Messrs. Austin, Billing, Coleman, Dancker, Gould, Hounslow, Linn, Marker, Robinson, and Wright," "That the following ladies be requested to act as a Committee to distribute immediate relief to families:— Mrs. Dancker, Mrs Gould, Mrs. Marker, Mrs. MiIliar, Mrs. Neumann, Mrs.Sutter, and Miss Coleman." The Chairman said as the principal objects of the meeting had been attained, the Committee would rely on their support. It was not expected that a man could give that he hath not. God loved a cheerful giver. Every one should give according to his means. Several other matters were considered, and amongst them the necessity there was for the District Council to see that all dangerous trees now burning near to the unburned bush should be removed to prevent further destruction. Mr. Linn was requested by the meeting to see to it, which he promised to do. Mr. Linn intimated to the meeting that Messrs. Austin, Watts, and Yates had given him their names for £5 each. A vote of thanks was passed unanimously to the Chair- man, which terminated the proceedings. At the close of the public meeting, the Committee met and passed rules for their guidance in giving relief. Orders for rations were also given to destitute families equal to twenty-seven adults for one week. [From another Correspondent.] Macclesfield, February 9. An inquest was held this evening at the Davenport Arms, Macclesfield, before Mr. S. L. Harris, J.P., and a respectable Jury, on the late disasterous fire. The Coroner briefly addressed the Jury, and Mr. C. F. Smith, farmer, Watergate, being sworn, deposed that he first saw smoke rise to the west of his section on Friday morning, the 4th instant, between 11 and 12 o'clock. Was at home at the time. Made all haste to see where the smoke came from, and before he was out of his own section saw the flames. The fire ap- peared to have been lit an hour. Saw no one about the place. It reached his place on the following day (Satur- day) and destroyed all his grass-paddock. Saved his crop and houses. W. Wilkins, gardener, Watergate, deposed—First saw the fire at a quarter before 12 o'clock, on Friday, it was close to Heyward's section. When he first came to it it was no more than 20 yards wide. It was one single body of fire, and was not connected with any other fire in the neighbourhood. It was in Heyward's section, and was burning in the direction of Hill's and Daven- port's. Hill was the first sufferer from the fire. Saw no strangers in the neighbourhood at the time he first saw the fire. W. Shapcott, farmer, Watergate—Deposition similar to the above Mr. Leedham, sen., farmer, Watergate, deposed to the same effect—had lost all he had. William Chandler, farmer, Watergate, gave evidence of similar character. Emma Lloyd deposed—I and my sister first saw the fire on Thursday last. I am living at home with my father. I first saw smoke rise at about two minutes' walk from our brush fence as I was coming out of the door of the house. The fence is a division one between my father's land and Mr. Heyward's. Mr. Heyward lives on an adjoining section to the one the fire was on. My sister and I gave the alarm to Mr. Corner's family, four of whom went with us. When we got to the fire we found it burning in Mr. Heyward's section, and going west towards Macclesfield. I sent off to Mr. Heyward's, and William Heyward came im- mediately, and Walter Heyward and Mr. Corner came shortly after Heyward. Corner seemed greatly con- cerned about the fire. They did all they could to put it out. There have been two similar bush-fires lit up in the same way within the last three weeks in the same section at the opposite end. Our family have always been on good terms with the neighbours, with the exception of Mr. Hickmott, and we have not been long unfriendly with him. The first person who came to put the fire out on the previous Monday was Mr. Hickmott. On Thursday evening the fire had got as far as the county boundary road. H. M. Lloyd, sister to the last witness, J. Corner, W. Heyward, and Walter Heyward were each examined at great length, but the evidence was a repetition of that of previous witnesses. The Coroner having stated the nature of the evidence, the Jury returned the following verdict:—"That the late fire originated in a section belonging to Mr. John Heyward, near Echunga; but by what means it was started there was no evidence to show." 