NEW ZEALAND. DISASTKOUS BOSH FIBEs IN NEW ZEALAND. The l'mvluco of Oanterbuty hu boen visited ivith a aeries of bush-liros, iavolring the de struction of proporly to a very largo^mount. Ftom'the ' Lyttelton Times' of Octoburl9, we have th'a following particulars of llio calamity supplied to tliat journil by » cor lespondeut : — ' Thu btrong north-we«t winds of last week were the cause ot h fearful destrucliou of pro perty hi Iuiiapoi, the whole of tbe valuable !-u»b known as llio ' Native Bush' having been destroyed by (ire, as well us a large portion of tho Clinreli Bunli ; in adJitioD to which, nearly all the honses in and nsai the bush have been destroyed, trn well «n both of tho Maori palis, nnd an immense quantity of sawu and split U libei. ' Tho fiiv commouced on Wednesday, at .no north-cast end of tho busli — in what manner lias not been clearly ascertained— and Ijy Thursday morning had burnt right through the bmll to Lhu Boutli-ueot end. At this time tlie wind lucicased to a perfrcL storm, and thu flic appeared to leap at ono bound a distance of nearly u mile, to tho Maori pnh nuarest to Kmajioi. Five houses were instantly in llaini;?, nnd bpeedilv led':, od to ashes, wilh nearly all they eoiituiued ; at t!iu Bumo lima thu bUbh and hoiussleid liel.inging t^i Mr llarriaon, ouo of our oavlicsl BctllciH, was ignited and thu whole speedily consumed. Soveial voiy lnrgc ttie'nt of timber anl firewood lying on tli« bhuksol' tho river at the head of thu naviga tion weio uluo deiilioyeil. ' Ou Fiiday the, n'iml voerfld to the south ward for a few home, and drove tho fire through tho remaining portion of the bush lying towaids Wood end. A more sad picture of dosulation than in presented by thu scene .if this disaster can hi'.nicely lie cunueived. What was n C»x diva ng.i oils of tli» most altraetivu and pleasing dinti-icta on tlie plains in now a chanuil and blachoncd watte. Hut the most dictrcssiug eifjiil is to sue the uumlier of hard-A'orkiug, mdnslrious mon, willi their families, loducua lo a state of destitution, without a roof to cuvur thorn. A eurpiiting uuinSier of bush lioiibL's had sprung up lately, iniiuy of tboiu tenan'.ed by large lamilicn; t'lit the tiles of tliotu liouncs can now bo discnveiud only by an occasional licap 'fiion ulonsiK or liols, M pbihsps Mime slight signs of aeliim uey; nil else has disappeared. 'Uieat tear nan uuturtained atone time that two children wcro burnt, but it was happily discovered that they had been put into a canoe, and had drifted down the river; but even thu water was not a uafe refugn, for at one ep'jl might he saen a canoe which had been burnt to the water's edge. One family, living at the edge ol tlie' busli. had eucceeded in getting all their furniture and goods out of their house and loadedion ;a dray, and it wan driven away ; but the burning ,blaBt followed fast on them, and carrying same flakes of fira with )t,igmtod the vfliole load, aftd nothing could be saved. '? ' / ' 'Tbe loss bos been greater than it otherwise would have been, owing to the fact that the sawyoni and ' bunhmflu hive b'eeh atraiiifag every neree,' foTSOine time past, % turu their bush into a marketable commodity, having re ceived uotiee Hut they would jiot be allowed tu cut any mom limber after thin month, | In consequence of (his, U ge BU'oks' of s'awn timber, oic, ln.d b'wiii aecumiltaied,' all of which are now lost. ? Ouo oxoeption, however, must be noted, viz., that of live. or six men, who bad boen working together and accumu lated a very large qilanLity of timber ou the banks of the river where ^t runs through the busli. This party vfeis engaged on Wednes day ia endeavouring to save their property, when, 08 nioht caoie on, tlicy found them solves surrouudad by lhu 6re, without any pos sillllityof obtilnlng' egiess. Being thus kept prisoners, they employed the wliole night in throwing water over their timber, and covering it with earth, and thus succeeded in saving a large portion of it, thouglt at the risk of their lives, as tho next morning they were found neaiily blind from the efiectsof tbe heat and smoke. The river which divides the Native Bush from the Church Uush, although a deep aud wide stream, offered no impediment to the ruthless element. Although part of I he latter IiubU baa oscaped at pi eteut, unless we have rain, it may bu reasonably expected, that uot a treo will be left there. ' I liavo been all through wbat was tho Maori Busli, and I believo that thoro is not one tree loft unscathed. It is difficult to esti mate tbe value ol property dettroved iu such a case, but if we say it is at. least '£20,000, wu shall at auyrale'be below llio nuill. Same ooinniisscraiion has been expiesecd for the Ma orios who have lost their hounes and whaves, as well ai tbei: buBh;but they eeum quite happy— thu usual i«i»aik from thoin being, * Oh 1 now we soil bush u- white man, and we go awny to Port bevy, or somewhere else 1' Aud ically thin tcoms llle best tiling that can bo done ; for if tlie uhito niau'* ouorgy be not at un -o oniploycd iu suving up (ho eeorclied tiues whicli are lull. bUudii.g, in a lew iik-uUib time they will be uileily n-uiihUhSi. A'lioiigtt nu many Bill fere: B it it dilii.ult tj disliiiguii-h ptrticular ejtcs, but I caunot lit;ip nu-i.tiuniug a tew whose io-ses have come umlur my own oiiservaticiH tuch ts ilr. liar:icu:i, whoee b.au lilul and well known Imro piojMty, tigetber wiili laif;c hl'iesul tiiulic. , is uu-u»y-hi ; the tlnee UuywO'jds, UlMllieir, w!i - llad aeeuuiu iated a gir»t quantity of tioih r, all of which is gone, us n'ell an tlieir hou-i nold gooJs, also Mr A. Wi'M-m, who lnJ ln-;u suokj ot fire' woiM tin: ncd ; Hryan, li.iii.li, .Utihew, Wa :ing, sn.l others' who ii.ivc all nuil^ed oe vciely. Had this heavy 1 ?-* u.tcmicd s.ime limo cince, it wjul.1 not luvo he n hi much ii.'lt, hut o^eui ring ai thu n..-a- 'U ul dep:ensiou when it, ia so d.llicul^ for aiy to h -l I out a helping luud, it is douuly lo lo dcpluiud.' The Lytileton Time mI.Is to the ahove thb following :~ ' F.um .'sarou we liave nee -uiitB almott uqua'Iy dismal. Tho bu'll on ,'liuii-diy \:i» bin uiug for miles. Iu German Uiy luieu or IV'Ui m:nilies weio burnt out, nnd tost all they |ii«si;i-.4ed. At the head of llio liay lhu fame wis Km ease Jlr AndoraiM, proprietor of thu fiavdler'a R.:et, nt that put ol tho dittiict, li d great Itoul.le to have In-, h -iim\ the lLm?s being all round it. The lluliuu ol (Jhiiiiteliuicli hiippeimd lj be theiu at thu lime, and exerted himself in thu moat tner getio nunner to pre-orve the (imber aud other piopeity iyinp; about. Even the boats on the beach had to be launched lo save Uu'oi from the (lames. The principle sullerers nulled are Joseph Reid, whaio au t 7,000 t'ect of tawn timber ; N. Courlnier, whare and 10,000 Itj.tof siwn timber ; T. Barry, |iorar.Dal vlCacte ; ti. Ussharu, house ; Julian and Hpenca, whare and 6,000 feet timber; all totally destroyed. The destruction of live timber has been immense—to an extent not lo be esti mated within moderate figures. The worst feature in the case, as iu that of lulapoi, u that a number of sawyers are hereby left in a sute ' of destitution, everything they had being burnt. Private individuals are stepping in with that generosity so universally dis played in cages of this kind, to relieve the greatest necessities ; but may it not be a proper subject for consideration by tho Legislature whether some comprehensive means may not be adopted (or repairing bo general a calamity ? ' We hear from Okaina Bay that fire was there ''also raging fiercely in the hush, and that four or five whares bad been bnmt. ' Honn liay Bu«h was burning during the week, and great destruction of property in hiwn and live timber and firewood occurred, but wo have not heard particulars of the amount at which it is ostinrated, TJor whether destruction was confined to ibe limber. ' At Aioweuui Bush,' we hear, a fire also broke out, destroying au amount of properly estimated, according to several elatemonis, at £l,liOO. ' liangiwa hot also beco visited. A fire broke out by the saw-mills, doing considerable injury to tbe timber In the vicinity, and thu wliolo busli narrowly «scap-.d. ' It is remarkable th-it In none of these casea is there any knowledge ot the oriain of the firo ; hut in fact the spai k, which (it other times would bo innocuous, duiing such weather an we bave suffered would hi sullicient to do all the iniscoiol. 'i hu fact of theno firea break ing out at the same time in a'l paits of the country, and proving hu peculiarly destructive, FUggeet8 tho means by which th' to plains, no dojb: once wooded, h«v» been by degrees denuded of timber. Fiobably on each occa sion of an outbieak there has been north-west gales like tho.-e of last week. 