DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES IN NEW ZEALAND. Tho Province of Canterbury has boen visited with a series of bush-fires, involving the destruc- tion of property to a very large amount. From the Lyttdton Times of October 19, we have the following particulars of the calamity supplied to that journal by a correspondent : " The strong north-west winds of last weok wore the causo of a fearful destruction of pro- perty at Eaiapoi, tbo wholo of the valuable bush known as tho 'Native Bush' having been de- stroyed by Uro, as well as a largo portion of tho Church Bush ; in addition to which, nearly all the houses in and near the bush have been de- stroyed, as well as both of the Maori pahs, and cn immense quantity of sawn and split timbor. " The fire commenced on Wednesday, at the r orth-east end of the bush-in what manner has r.ot been clearly ascertained-and by Thursday n.orning had burnt right through the bush to the tenth-west end, At this timo tlio wind increased to a perfect stormt and the fire appeared to leap at one bound a distance of nearly a mile, to tli3 Maori pah nearest to Kniapoi. Five houses were instantly in flames, nnd speedily reduced to tshcB, with ncorly all tiley contained ; at tho same time the bush and homestead belonging to Mr. Hall- taon, one of our earliest settlers, was ignited, and the whole speedily consumed. Soveral very largo stacks of timber and firewood lying on tho banks of the river at tbo head of the navigation w ero also destroyed. " On Friday the wind veered to tho south vnrd for a few hours, and drove the fire through the remaining portion of the bush lying towards Wood-end. A more sail picture ot desola- tion than is presontcd by the scene of . this disaster can scarcely bo conceived. What was a few days ago one of the most attractive and pleasing districts on tho plains, is now a charred nnd blackened waste lint the most distressing sight is to seo the number of hard-working, In- dustrious men, with their families, reduced to a state of destitution, without u roof to cover them. A surprising number of bush houses had sprung up lately, many of thom tenanted by largo families ; but the sites of those houses can sow bo discovered only by an occasional heap of iron utensils, or tools, or pcrluips some slight signs of a chimney; all else has disappeared. " Great fear was entertained at one time that, two children were burnt, but it was happily dis- covered that thoy had been put into a canoe, and had drifted down the river ; but even tho water was not a safe refuge, for at ono Bpot might bo seen a canoe which bad been burnt to tho water's edge. Ono family, living at the edgoof the bush, had Buccccdcd in getting all their furniture and goods out of their houso and loaded ou a dray, audit was driven away; but the burning blast followed fast on them, nnd carrying somo flakes of five with it, ignited the wholo load, and nothing could bo saved. " The loss has been greater than it otherwise would havo been, owmg to tho fact that the sawyers and bushmen havo been straining every nerve, for somo time past, to turn thoir bush into a marketable commodity, having re- ceived notice that they would not bo al- lowed to cut any moro timber after this month. In consequence of this, largo stocks of tawn timber, &c;, had been accumulated, all of which are now lost. One exception, however, must be noted, viz., that of fivo or six men, who had been working together and accumulated a very largo quantity of timber on the banks of the river where it runs through tho bush. This party were engaged on Wednesday in endeavouring to sa*i o their property, when, us night carne on, thoy found themselves surrounded by the fire, without any possibility of obtaining ogress. Boing thus kept prisoners, thoy employed the whole night in throwing water over their timber( and covering it with earth, and thus sucoeoded in saving a larg.! portion of it, though at the risk of their fives, ni the noxt morning they woro found nearly blin 1 from tho effects of tho hoat and smoke. Th ; nver which divides the Native Bush from th s Church Bush, although a deep and wide Btream, offered no impediment to the ruthless element Although part of the latter bush has escaped at present, unless wo have rain, it may bo reasonably expected that not a trco mil be left there. " I havo been all through icliat toas the Maori Bush, and I believo that there is not one trco left unscathed. It is difficult to estimate the valuo of property destroyed in such n caso, but if we say it is at least ¿20,000, we shall at any rato bo below the mark. Some commiseration lins boen expressed for the Maories who havo lost their houses and whares, us well us thoir bush; but they seem quito happy-tho usual remark from them being, ' Oh 1 now wo boll bush to white .man, and we go away to Port Lovy, or somo whero elso ! ' And really this seems the best thing that can bo done ; for if tho white man's energy bo not at once employed in sawing up tho scorched trees which aro left standing, in a fow months' time they will bo utterly worthless. Amongst so many sufferers, it is difficult to distinguish particular cases, but I cannot help mentioning- a few v. hose losses havo como under my own observation-such as Mr. -Harrison, whoso beautiful and woll-known bush property, together with largo stores of timbor, h destroyed ; the threo Heywoods Brothers, who bad accumulated a great quantity of timber] all of which is gone, as well as their household goods ; .also Mr. A. Weston, who had large stacks of Jlro v,ood burned ; Bryan, Horrell, Mayhow, Waring, nnd othors, who have all suftbred severely. II ad this heavy loss occurred some time since, it would not havo been so much felt, but occurring at this Benson of depression, when it is so difficult for nny to hold out a helping hand, it is doubly jtp be "deplored." Z-~ The Lytt elton Times adds to the abovo tho fol- lowing :- , , "From Aknroa wo have accounts almost equally dismal. The bush on Thursday_\vns lurning for miles. In German Bay three or. four fnmillos were burnt out, and lost all they'pos scssed. At the head of the Bay the samo-was the case. Mr. Anderson, proprietor of the Tra- vellers' Best, at that part of tho district, had great trouble to savo his houso, the flames being nil round it. The Bishop of Christchurch happened to be there at the time, and exerted himself in the most energetic manner to preservo the timber and other property lying about. Even the boats on tho beach had to bo launched to savo them from' the flames. The principal sufferers named are Joseph Bead, wharó and 7,000 feet of sawn timbor ¡ N. Courtnier, whare and 10,000 feet of sawn timber; T. Barry, personal effects; G: Bashan, .house; Julian and Spenco, wharfi and 5,000 feet timber ; all totally destroyed. The de- struction of live timber has boen immenso-toan extent not/ to be estimated within moderate figures. The worst feature in the case, as in that 'Of Kaiapoi; is "that a number of sawyerCare hereby left in a state of destitution, everything thoy had being; burnt. Private individuals aro stepping in with that generosity so universally displayed in cases of this kind, to rolievo/the greatest necessities; but may it net be a proper subject for consideration by the Legislature whether somo comprehensive means may not be adopted for repairing so general a calamity ? " Wo hear from Okains Bay that firo was there also raging fiercely in tho bush, and that four or five whares had been burnt. " Hoon Hay BubIi was burning during the week, and great dsstruction of property in sawn ina live timber and firowood occurred, but wo havo not heard particulars of the amount at wlm h it is estimated, nor whethor destruction was con- fined to the timber. " At Arowenua Uusli,"¡ wo hear, a fire alto broke out, destroying an amount of proporty estimated, according to several statements! at £1,000. , " Rangiora has also been visited. A fire broko out bj the saw-mills, doing considerable Injury to the timber in the vicinity, and the wholo bush mirrowly escaped. \--"It is remarkable that in none of thoso cases is there any knowlcdgo of the origin of the firo ; but in fact tho spark, which at other times would le innocuous, during such weather as we haye suffered would be sufficient to do all the mischief. 1 ho fact of these fires breaking out at the Rame timo in nil ports of the country, and proving bo teculiarly destructivo, suggests tho means by which these plains, no doubt once wooded, have teen by degrees denuded of timber. Probably in each occasion of an outbreak there has been nurth-wcBt gales like those of lost week. " Bo far we hn\o noted the particulars oE accidente by tilc which havo como toourknow rdgc, But i-.« fear that a few days moro may bring fiçeBh accounts of disasters from ;nrore dis- tant quarters. . 'A strong fire, for instance, got yesterday into the swamps in the Lower Lincoln districts, and was burning fiercely duringthe day. t n Friday and Saturdaylost the gale, which hod raged so long, abated, and on Saturday evening a change to S.W. occurred, bringing on two luurs' rain, followed on Bunday, by a light N.E. bieeze." 