MYLES HESSLYN : OR, HOW WE KEPT EASTER FORTY YEARS AGO. (By the Author of " The Bronze Chalice," " Nelly Carroll, &c.;, &c.;) [Written expressly for the Freeman's Journal] I. OLD MYLES HESSLYN. Old Myles Hesslyn is my ideal of a patriarchal Irishman. Although I know the venerable gentle- man intimately—in fact, see him at least four times a year—still he is my ideal of that time-honoured race of Celts, which is fast passing away from amongst us. Neither Arab nor Irishman can with- stand the action of modern civilization. It ener- vates the one : it robs the other of half his taste for olden glories and fanciful solaces. Who shall find me now-a-days the triune elements of character, Love of Glory, the Poet Soul, and Simplicity, in one individual ? No one, unless he knows Myles Hesslyn. For the three qualities indicated happily blended together exactly describe his character. Of course I cannot form an accurate idea of what he was in his youth ; but I have made speculations on the subject, and I am strongly of opinion that I am right. I should think he must have been very quick—very fiery—very tender—very imaginative. The " wonted fire" glows now and then—the finest light l ever gazed upon—in his dark eye, and the hectic caused only by quick blood often suffuses his cheek. But this happens rarely. He is generally quiet, subdued, full of feeling, and generous. The last moral quality is—to use his own expression— " his strong weakness." If a child choses to prac- tise its infantine wiles upon him, he is sure to be victimised. Such is the great simplicity of his character, that he believes in a man's " hand and word" in a business transaction as much as in his written engagement, and nothing surprises him so much as to find that he has been often cheated. Experience of the world's fraud does not, however, change his nature : it merely shapes his mode of action. If the last man who cheated him did so by bullying him, the next one who attempts it will not succeed in that way. He must make a pathetic case out ; he must probe the good old man's feelings by hints, tender inuendoes, and graceful turns of speech, to succeed. If he adopt this course, and, as his eldest grandson says, " blarney the old un to his heart's content," he is sure to succeed. Generous, impulsive, ruggedly honest old Hesslyn, you are my ideal of the Irishman of eighty years ago ! II. A RIDE BY MOONLIGHT. On a fine autumn evening some twelve months ago, a joyous party of young people were galloping through the bush, quorum magna pars fai—of whom the writer of this sketch was the stoutest as well as the most important person. There were three or four bright girls, with fair glowing curls, and buoy- ant voices, and a couple of young men besides the writer—all mounted on excellent horses. The moon, nearly at the full, had just risen high over the brown and silent forest, and poured a soft white light from her luminous depths on the gay party. The sky was of a deep blue, with a slight suffusion of purple towards the south-west. There were sprinkled here and there through the empyrean a few golden stars, for the diamond light of the pure Australian moon spread a veil of beauty between us and the inferior orbs of night. We were journeying to the westward in a line parallel with the Blue Mountains, and from occasional elevations in the land we could catch momentary glimpses of the tortuous Deerubbun, whenever an open space along its banks allowed its calm waters to reflect the soft moonlight. The scene was more than merely exhilarating ; for although the individuals who formed the party were remark- ably vivacious—the young men ever and anon singing gay snatches of song, or awakening the forest echoes by the shrill Coo-o-ey, while the ladies laughed with that light silvery laugh which is so delightful a peculiarity of the Australian girl, still there was so much calm grandeur before one, such holy light, streaming from heaven above, sombre shadows every now and then falling suddenly upon us, that the least reflective of the party I am sure indulged for an instant in healthful thought. But some new incident disturbed meditation in its very inception, and made us all light-hearted and bright-witted again. We were on our way to old Myles Hesslyn's homestead, or rather I was travelling with his grandchildren and a female friend of theirs to his sequestered farm. I need not pause to describe that quiet retreat, with its orchards, and its orangeries, its lemon groves and vineries, its maize-fields and gardens, all won by honest industry, and used in truly Christian spirit. My worthy host was looking with evident admiration at some highly-coloured re- ligious prints as I entered the sitting-room. For a moment he did not notice my intrusion, and I could not help observing that age was making sad inroads on his constitution. But although the writing of the cold hand of time was legible on his bald forehead, it could not take away the expression of benevolence and goodness which marked his features. The few thin grey ringlets of hair which remained were pushed behind his ears, revealing a strongly marked Roman profile, but considerably softened by the sweet expression of his lips. I had scarcely time to make these observations, for one of the ladies bounded towards the old man, flung her arms round his neck, and kissed his cheek with great warmth— which was kindly reciprocated. I was soon seated, and felt quite at home. After a series of superfluous cead mille fealthas from my venerable host, a number of enquiries about my health and temporal affairs, a few hints about the seasonable period of my visit in consequence of his having a goose and turkey-cock of astonishing obesity, which he didn't want for him- self, and a few hints to his lively grand-daughters to the effect that we must be in a state of famine, the snowy cloth was laid, cold meats piled upon the table, quinces and apples, grapes and bananas heaped on the side board, and the fine pure wine of our native Australia, glowing like liquid topazes, poured into the decanters. We had a delicious supper, and we enjoyed it all the more because it was Easter week. The penitential season was past —the days of fast over—and the season for quiet en- joyment in. The supper was a lively and interesting affair enough, but the songs, and the " little music," and harum-scarum dance afterwards, were far more so. I noticed that in the midst of our merriment grandpapa became rather gloomy, looked on the young people as they swept round the room with a half-vacant stare, and seemed to be preoccupied in mind. I thought I could arouse him to a sense of our delight, and, as I knew the kind of song he delighted to listen to, I was determined to give him something full of rapid motion and deep feeling. Old men like to hear of passion in action. This perhaps arises from the fact of their having failed to realise the aspirations of their youth. They have dreamed of a sunlight far purer than any which brightens our earth, and of shadowy haunts more tran- quil than those actually found in " the valley of tears." But in their aspirations of glory—of the grand—or the grandly good—they are most keenly disappointed. I knew my old friend had a thirst—a passion, for military enterprise. He talked of Paul Jones with more reverential regard than ancient Greek ever did of a sea-god, and the sayings and doings of Bonaparte were to him " household words." How delicious—and I use the word in its sweetest sense— it is to see memory wake up in an old man's mind and kindle fire in his eye ; to watch the joy which the beautiful associations of his youth depinge on his withered cheek ; to feel that you are making the old man happy. If I had only whistled the " White Cockade" for Hesslyn, it would be dearer music to his soul than that brilliant " Merry, merry Sun- shine" which his granddaughter sang so exquisitely to her own accompaniment ; but I knew a lay of the brave old Cavaliers would do him more good ; so I sang him my favorite new song of THE SALLY FROM COVENTRY. " Passion o' me !" cried Sir Richard Tyrone, Spurning the sparks from the broad paving stone, " Better turn nurse and rock children to sleep, Than yield to a rebel old Coventry keep. No, by my halidom, no one shall say Sir Richard Tyrone gave a city away !" " A fine old Irish family were the Tyrones," audibly whispered my host to his golden-haired grand-daughter. I continued as if I had not heard him. " No, by my halidom, no one shall say, Sir Richard Tyrone gave a castle away." Passion o' me ! how he pulled at his beard. Fretting and chafing if any one sneered, Clapping his breastplate and shaking his fist, Giving his grizzly mustachios a twist, Running the protocol through with his steel, Grinding the letter to mud with his heel. Then he roared out for a pottle of sack, Clapped the old trumpeter twice on the back. Leaped on his bay with a dash and a swing, Bade all the bells in the city to ring, And when the red flag from the steeples went down, Open he flung every gate in the town. To boot ! and to horse ! and away like a flood, A fire in their eyes and a sting in their blood ; Hurrying out with a flash and a flare, A roar of hot guns, a loud trumpeter's blare, And first, sitting proud as a king on his throne, At the head of them all dashed Sir Richard Tyrone. Crimson and yellow, and purple and dun, Fluttering scarf, flowing bright in the sun, Steel, like a mirror on brow and on breast, Scarlet and white on their feather and crest, Banner that blew in a torrent of red, Borne by Sir Richard who rode at their head. The " trumpet" went down, with a gash on his poll, Struck by the parters of body and soul. Forty saddles were empty ; the horses ran red With foul Puritan blood, from the slashes that bled. Curses arid cries and a gnashing of teeth, A grapple and stab on the slippery heath, And Sir Richard leaped up on the fool that went down, Proud as a conqueror donning his crown. They broke them a way through a flooding of fire, Trampling the best blood of London to mire, When, suddenly rising, a smoke and a blaze Made all " the dragon's sons" stare in amaze. " O ho !" quoth Sir Richard, " my city grows hot, I've left it rent paid to the villainous Scot." My ballad was received with great enthusiasm— although I will honestly confess I have a voice more like a crow with the quinsy than anything else in vocal nature. Kind old Hesslyn thought the last line the very finest he had ever heard. I had however failed to make him talkful ; after my song he relapsed into silence. I mentioned " the oddity" of his taciturnity to Maggie—the blue- eyed fairy would sit near me and pretend to understand my jokes and gestures—and she immediately—wild thing that she was !—addressed the old gentleman rather unexpectedly, and with a certain Australian verve : " I say, grandpa, just fancy what Sarsfield says : he says you are dreaming of the ' Battle of the Boyne' or old ' Bryan O'Lynn' to-night, and that you haven't got a word to throw to an ordinary member of the canine breed." " What d'ye say, Maggie," said the old man starting from his reverie. " Why that you are rather dull to night, dear grandpa," cried the warm-hearted girl more seriously, as she became conscious of his abstraction, " and dont talk to Sarsfield, who so loves to hear your stories about the old country, and the meadows, and the cowslips——" " Be quiet Maggie," interrupted old Myles, good- humouredly, Sarsfield has more sense in his little finger than you, an' your brothers an' sisters, an' uncles an' aunts, taken together." " Which little finger, 'pa ? the right or the left ?" was the mischievous enquiry. " Why, either ;" was the quick answer. " Well, then, it can't be the left, or otherwise he would not bite it so viciously as he does," she re- plied, calling attention to an awkward peculiarity of mine of putting my sinister little-finger nail in my mouth when ever I was engaged in serious thought. " Now, then, Maggie, keep quiet," said the old man, seeing that I blushed deeply at the allusion made to my little eccentricity. " Some queer thoughts have been running through my old head since I have seen these pictures. This one—(he exhibited a highly coloured print of our Lord's Resurrection) reminds me of a picture I often prayed before sixty years ago in Ireland. I thought I used to see Christ looking down upon me through the cloud of glory that was lifting him up to Heaven ? I dared not look upon him if I did any- thing wrong. Many a time in the black days of this country I have thought of that blessed picture of Carrick chapel. I remember—isn't it queer how these things come back to one's ? mind ?—the talking of it to poor Father O'Flynn—may God have mercy oh his soul—the first time we kept Easter Sunday in this country." " The first time you kept Easter Sunday !" cried Emily Hesslyn warmly. " That must be something worth hearing, grandpa. Do tell us how you celebrated Easter then. I'm sure it will be inter- esting. I can hardly think you had quite so good a choir as the one at St. N——'s, although that is not certainly equal to the one in the Pope's chapel." " Well, Emily, I will tell you, but in my own way," was the quiet reply ; " so just throw another log on the fire, for I feel a slight chill in my old bones, and help our friend Sarsfield to something to drink. He has had nothing all night." The lively girl did as she was requested, and with a grace and readiness perfectly charming. Old Myles fell into a few moments' abstraction— seemed in fact to have forgotten his promise. But all at once brightening up, and casting a look of feeling and intelligence on the circle about him, he began his narrative. I give the story as nearly as I possibly can in the racanteur's own words ; but I cannot give an idea of his delightful peculiarities of narration. The gradual swelling of his voice from deep pathos to fiery denunciation—the use of a bold figurative language—the delicate adjustment of light and shade in his pictures—and, above all, his full flow of natural eloquence, are beyond my powers. I will, however, keep as nearly to my original as possible. III.—OLD HESSLYN'S STORY. I remember Good Friday in the year 1818 as if it were yesterday. The morning was close and op- pressive, and a vapour like a lake of dull silver lay over the swamp and tangled bush of Woolloomoo- loo. The smoke from the few houses on the heights spread out in dull broad patches, and the waters of Port Jackson were without a ripple. I shall never forget that black day ; and I'll tell you why. But first of all I must say a word about my early life. My father was a respectable farmer in the west of Ireland, a man of rigid honesty, and a wonderful lover of learning. He determined to make a great scholar of me, and for that purpose sent me, when I was about fifteen years of age, to Munster to a good school. I remained at the school for about three years, and was said to be getting on well. But I was rather hot-headed, and although the times were troubled I did not act with caution or prudence. I thought nothing of stealing out during the winter nights with my gun, going to a pond in the neigh- bourhood—on the look out for wild fowl. Well, one night as I was returning home I suddenly came on a party of yeomen who made me a prisoner. It is useless to tell you in detail what followed—I was sent to jail, tried under the Whiteboy Act, and transported for seven years. My unjust punish- ment did not give me much pain ; but the sight of my fond old mother as she bade me farewell, sent a pang into my heart which the agonies of death can- not equal. I had to leave all that I loved on earth, and bitter thoughts came into my soul. But when I found out the full extent of my misfortune—when I was actually on the waves of the angry sea—when I discovered that instead of living among Christians I was in the company of devils in human shape— men and women who blasphemed the Living God, who talked and lived as if there was no heaven above nor hell beneath them—I became nearly mad. I determined not to speak a word to anybody. I feared at every horrible curse and unholy expres- sion, that the ship and her heavy freight of crime and wickedness would go to the bottom. I will not make you paler by telling you anything more about that accursed vessel—or rather her accursed crew ; but I must mention that there was one prisoner on board—they called him a London buzgloak*—who was worse than all the rest. That man was my tor- ment by day—my phantom by night. He knew that all religion wasn't squeezed out of my heart, and that I wouldn't blaspheme like the rest. The truth was—even if I were bad enough to do so, I didn't know how—for I never as much as heard the oaths and curses in any part of Ireland I had lived in. Well, we got to Sydney at last, and after some time I was assigned to Mr. ———, who had a large garden on the North Shore ; but as mis- fortune would have it, Whitechapel Jack—as my enemy on board the transport was called—was assigned with me. As I intend some other night to tell you about his career—for he afterwards became famous, or rather infamous, throughout the country under the title of " Wollondilly Jack"—I will only say now, that he persecuted me more on land than at sea. I still kept quiet, although I often felt the hot blood coursing through my veins like a stream of fire, and my eyes grow dim with rage at his going-on. At last, on the Good Friday I mentioned, we were both sent over the water in a boat to old H——'s wooden windmill, which stood on a small clearance at the top of the Woolloomooloo bush, for some flour and bran. We pulled across the water without exchanging a word ; indeed my heart was in old Ireland—I was thinking of the hundreds that would attend Black Mass at Carrick chapel that day, and how forlorn my condi- tion was. At last we gained the point, scrambled through the bush, and over the rocks, and arrived at the mill. We were too early. There was only a man or two about the place. I was tired and faint, for I had been keeping the fast during the week, and so lay down on a pile of timber and fell into a doze. I do not remember how long I slept ; but I awoke suddenly—for I felt something crammed into my mouth. When I opened my eyes, there was White- chapel Jack standing over me, and stuffing some greasy substance into my mouth. " Keep still, holy Hessy," he cried with a sneer, " I thought you'd like a bit of fat bacon on Good Friday," and six or seven men lounging about raised a loud laugh. I was stung to the quick—I felt a kind of lightning dart through my brain—I sprung up like a panther, and in the twinkling of an eye gave the old Hesslyn blow to my enemy. That blow was a terrible thing in my family. For generations the Hesslyns had practised it ; I as well as my forefathers. " How used you do it, grandfather ?" asked one of his grandchildren in a tremulous voice, and for a moment interrupting the narrative. * A thief. " You crouched down," continued the old man, " then suddenly sprung up, hitting your antagonist on the windpipe immediately under the chin with your closed fist, and gave the blow extra force from your spring. But this has little to do with my story. Where's this I was ?" We told him : he continued— Well, I gave him the blow ; and, although he was older and stronger than me, he fell like one dead. The dark hot blood gushed from his mouth ears, and nose, and his tongue was forced through his teeth. The horrid thought flashed through my mind that I had killed him—that the Hesslyn stroke, which I always feared, had done its bad work. I groaned in horror, and in an instant dashed into the dense bush to the south, between the mill and Rushcutter's Bay. People who only judge of the bush between Sydney and the Heads from its present appearance, can form no idea of what it was in those days. The undergrowth was so thick and interlaced, the trees so close, immense skeletons of old gum-trees lying here and there along the ground, the grass so rank and thick that it was difficult to creep much less run through it. However, horror at my deed, much more than fright, lent me the fleetness of despair. I ran, jumped, twisted about, dived into the scrub, crept like a serpent, sprung up again, bounded forward, ran and jumped, crept again, still descending lower and lower into a kind of glen, until at last I fell fairly exhausted, near a tricklet of water at the bottom of the slope, down which I had come so strangely. I do not exactly know how long I remained unconscious, but when I awoke the sun was up a good height in the heavens. I heard the dull flopp of the waves on the beach, so I concluded that I must have come near the Harbour. Not- withstanding the exciting events of the morning, I felt a keen hunger coming upon me. I could not resist the temptation of creeping up the slope, in the hope of discovering some yarraba, or sweet tea, perhaps a bee's nest, or an esculent called by the natives ' wee-ree-amby,' and which was not at all unpalatable. I had not ascended twenty yards when I heard a rustling in the scrub above me ; and, in an instant, with a low and horrible howl, a black bloodhound sprung at me from behind a fragment of rock. His fury drove him a little too far—he stumbled, fell into a thick scrub ; and I had consequently just time enough to spring to a neighbouring tree, climb up its branch- less trunk some ten feet, before my horrible assailant could scramble out of the thick mass of scrub, speargrass, and escaped into which he had precipitated himself. He was soon ready for attack again, and the fierce efforts he made to climb up the tree, the wild moans he made awakening the echoes of the glen, the glare of his fiery eyes, his red mouth covered with yellowish foam, are all dis- tinctly before my mind at this moment. Indeed, whilst I breathe, I cannot forget them. I climbed still higher up the tree, and at least got a compara- tively sheltered spot to sit in, or rather to go astride on, for I had to mount a bough, and in this position to shade myself from the fierce glare of the me- ridian sun. It was not long, however, before my attention was directed to an object very different from the howling monster at the foot of my tree. A dull grey cloud fully half a mile in length and of considerable height stretched along the North Shore. A lurid glare, for all the world, like the light of a red, harvest moon in the old country, lay behind and above this cloud, and a mass of black vapour could be seen ascending in the middle of it. Suddenly the cloud seemed to part asunder, and a pillar of fire ap- peared in the opening. I now knew what it was, but I never knew how much it would afterwards affect me. It was a fearful bush-fire on the North Shore. I climbed up higher, and could notice the devouring stream of flame running along the tall grass and dry brambles of the bush, while serpent-like streaks of red fire darted off here and there, ran up and down tall trees with astonishing rapidity, leaving flakes of burning foliage behind them. It was a horrible sight, particularly the blackness which lay behind and around it, and which, considering the glare in the heavens above it, I could never account for.* What astonished, or rather alarmed, me more than everything else, was the fact that the fire was rushing fast upon my master's paddocks and home- stead. I gazed like one fascinated. I must have become slightly delirious through hunger and the excitement of the morning. In a few minutes the fiery element had crept up hillocks, into hollows, swept through a mile or more of brown brush, and finally broke more furiously than ever into my master's property. I had not, however, very much time for reflection : suddenly another dog broke through the brushwood, followed by two or three policemen. I was soon discovered, and asked to descend, or else the tree I had mounted would be cut down. In ten minutes I was a handcuffed prisoner. I will not pain your hearts, my dear friends, by telling you all I suffered that day. I was forced before two magistrates—one of them a clergyman of the Church of England—for examination, as I thought, for striking Jack. The first question this queer specimen of a minister of the Gospel who sat upon the bench (I need not tell his name+) asked me was :—Who conspired with you to set the bush * Our raconteur perhaps was not aware that the appearance of opaqueness in the shadows, is one of the fine effects of a bush-fire. In other conflagrations, on account of the greater facility for the expansion of the flame, and therefore the greater reflection and refraction of light the shadows are more transparent, and consequently the contrast in light and shade is not so strong. We do not think this effect has keen accounted for before. \+ I believe Mr. Hesslyn meant the Rev. Samuel Marsden whose conduct as a magistrate may be clearly understood from the following facts : Penrith.—James Pharos, who was accused of robbery, which he at first confessed and afterwards denied, was, on the 18th of May, 1822, sentenced to be flogged every morn- ing until he confessed where the stolen property was. Amongst the three presiding magistrates was the Rev. Mr. Marsden. Parramatta, April 24th, 1822.—Rev. Samuel Marsden presiding on the bench.—James Blackburn, attached to the prsoners' barrack, brought forward with four others yester- day at the barrack, having being detected in the fact by the Rev. Mr. Marsden. The prisoner is sentenced to receive twenty-five lashes every morning, and be kept on bread and water, until he tell who are the four men that were with him gambling. Parramatta, July 1st, 1822.—Rev. Samuel Marsden, one of the two sitting magistrates.—John Downs and Hugh Carroll, attached to Patrick's gang, brought forward for making away with six pounds fourteen shilling*, the pro- perty of Matthew Finnegan. Ordered to be confined in a solitary cell on bread and water, and every second morning to receive twenty-five lashes, until they tell where the money is concealed. on fire this morning ?" It was no use to declare my innocence—to protest before God and the world that I was totally guiltless of the charge—that the only thing I had to blame myself about was striking " Whitechapel Jack" that morning. To my sur- prise, a deposition from Jack himself was read (who, after all, was not killed, although seriously hurt) stating that he believed, and would, as soon as he was able to appear in court swear, that I was the person who had set the bush on fire. I was confounded ; but it was no use remonstrating ; I was ordered fifty lashes instantly, and half as many every day until I made known my accomplices. I was marched off to the Depot, tied up, and made the victim of the cruel scourge. I got my fifty lashes, and one extra for the Pope ! I suffered the torture keenly, but, I thank God, without a mur- mur. I felt they were punishing me unjustly, and that gave me courage to withstand their cruelty. Just when leaving the court-yard, an incident occurred which proved to me then—as it has often proved to me since—that God never forgets those who are not traitors to Him nor to the truth. My master, ac- companied by his daughter and the Superintendent of Convicts, drove up to the Depot. The moment I saw that bright, beautiful girl, her face as fair and full of sweetness as that of an angel, I felt the blood flowing warmly through my veins, and the holiest joy flowing into my bruised heart. They were come to save me, but they were too late ! " Myles, my poor boy !" said my master tenderly, " I am heartily sorry for what has happened. I heard only an hour ago (through the kindness of your friend Mr. Davis), of what you were charged with. I hastened at once to the magistrates to hold you free from blame, I told them how everything had happened. I am very sorry, my poor innocent Myles, that you should have suffered this wrong. I have an order for your immediate delivery from the custody of these men," and he exhibited a paper to my tormentors. While they were glancing at it, the beautiful Emma S——, her heavenly face shadowed with deep sorrow for my wrongs and her voice full of tender pity—said to me : " Myles, I will do all that lies in my power to make you forget this cruelty." I thanked her with a single look— so full of gratitude—of humble respect—and sincere admiration—that made her smile for a moment, and then blush as if she had done wrong in smiling. Through the influence of my master and the kind- ness of good old Nicholas Devine (may the Lord have mercy on his soul !) I was allowed to spend a day or two at the house of a person who had taken an interest in me from the day of my arrival in the settlement—I mean the best Irishman that ever came to the country, Billy Davis. I thanked my master and his angel daughter for their goodness ; said that from that day forward I would only think of pleasing them ; and that I would sooner die than wrong them in word or thought. I felt at the bottom of my heart that they believed every word I uttered. But, my dear boys and girls, I am making a long story out of this incident about myself, without coming to the point—telling " How we spent the first Catholic Easter Sunday in Australia." I am coming to that now. You will know all in a few minutes. When arrived at my friend's house near the Rocks, I got some refreshment and was advised to go to bed. I did so, but I could not sleep soundly. The events of the day—the wild race through the bush—the fire on the North Shore—the blood hound —the iron-visaged magistrate on the bench—the triangle—the scourge—the beautiful face of Emma S——, the crowd in the streets—all came crowd- ing upon my mind and produced delirium. I felt my brain grow hot—the wounds on my back burn. I rolled and writhed—said I know not what—called for something to drink and drank whatever they gave me. t believe they gave me some cooling medicine. At last I fell into a state of insensibility. I shall never—never—forget my waking from that state of torpor ! When the world and all its joys shall have passed away—when the last breath is hovering on my lips, I would like to breathe it forth in gratitude to God for the grace and joy he gave me that morning. It was like the first glimpse of heaven to the emancipated soul. Just let me de-. scribe it to you in my own way. When I awoke from my trance, the moon was full of a soft although rather dim light, which struggled in through the embowered window ; there was a delicate fragrance about me ; everything was calm and still. But what was the object that most sur- prised me ? Kneeling at a small table placed near the head of my bed was a person in the garb of a priest, his hands fervently clasped in prayer, the long lashes falling over his large eyes, his fine though attenuated features in repose, and his head slightly bent towards an ivory crucifix on the table. I felt the soul within me move ! I could not believe my senses ! At last some noise I made disturbed his devotion, and he looked at me. Oh, the pure, mild light that streamed out of those holy eyes—the flush of satisfaction that lit up those pale features ! How beautiful indeed—as I have read often since— are the feet of those who preach the Gospel of Peace ! That blessed man was the beginning of the best joys of my life. I need not recount to you all he said—how he consoled me. He told me that he had been in the country some six months, but was not allowed by the Government to officiate publicly. He had to hide here and there like a run-a-way felon ; but still he thanked God that his mission Parramatta, October 4th, 1823.—Rev. Henry Fulton, one of the two magistrates present.—Thomas Smith, servant to Thomas Wilson, to receive twenty-live lashes every second morning, until he produce the property ; and If, after re- ceiving one hundred lashes, he does not produce the said property, to be sent to Port Macquarie for the remainder of his sentence. * The intolerance with which the Very Rev. Archpriets O'Flinn was treated here cannot be too—well known. " It was towards the close of 1817 that the Very Rev. Jeremiah O'Flynn, the Catholic Archpriest, entered the colony. Before sailing he had applied to the home authori- ties for their sanction to his officiating. The ship was depart- ing, no other vessel would follow for some time, and he had not received it. Trusting to a friend to transmit it after him, he sailed. It came not. His seal was not only mani fested among his flock, but drew converts round him, and the eyes of government upon him. He was directed to produce his permission, or hold himself in readiness for departure by the next ship. Unwilling to abandon his poor people, he concealed himself until a petition, then going over the country for signature, should be presented, in favor of his being allowed to stay. He was seized upon and lodged In gaol. A petition from four hundred persons was presented ; Governor Macquarie became incensed at this " presumption," and, on the 15th of May, 1818, the arch- priest was sent by force out of the country."—Ullathorne's Reply to Judge Burton, p. 10. had not been altogether in vain, and that had brought lightness to many a heavy heart, and balm to many a wounded breast. He talked to me for more than half-an-hour, and advised me to prepare for confession in order to have the happiness of receiving the Holy Communion—the Bread of Life—at Mass the next morning—the glorious feast of our Saviour's Resurrection from the tomb, and the first Mass I had been at for five years. I cannot tell you what I felt, and perhaps if I did you could not enter into my feelings ; but this you must know—I had the consolation of pouring out all the sorrows of my soul before a venerable priest of my Church that evening, and receiving from him Absolution. That evening I was at peace—and although the wounds unjustly given my flesh were fresh and sore—there was no bitterness in my heart—no hatred—no repining. God, indeed, was good to me ! I hardly know how long I slept that night, I longed so earnestly for the next morning. Dreams of my childhood rose up in my mind—memories of Easter time in the quiet valleys where I spent the first years of my life. I thought how I used to travel with other boys to a neighbouring mountain to see the sun rise and dance in the heavens on Eas- ter Sunday morning. Those innocent dreams of our youth are often the sweetest solaces of our declining years. I have read and seen, studied and felt, much since the days I walked over my native heather as light and buoyant as if there were neither sin nor sorrow, care nor bitterness, in the world ; but I have not been nearer to God than in those days of happy childhood. Well, I thought of the old Easter time— of eating our Easter eggs in the raths or glens—of visiting our kind neighbours—of decorating the parish chapel altar with the few flowers we could gather here and there. Then I dwelt on my later misery. Here I was a young man—never guilty of any wrong against society—with dispositions inclined to virtue—perhaps too quick and hot blooded—not ungenerous ; but, alas ! with a blight on my youth— the stain of convict on my ancient name. But, then, there was no canker in my heart ; and the thought came over my soul how the Son of God was ranked amongst malefactors : and I knew that He came to teach me not only by word but example. So a great joy entered into my heart after the bitterness of the past had for a moment occurred to me, and I felt I was under the guidance of a good and graci- ous father. My poor mother in glory (for she died shortly after my misfortune) seemed to look at me through the deep gloom of the night, and I started with rapture to see the holy light that beamed over her calm, mild face. Oh, my children, I can never tell you properly the scene I witnessed on the Sunday morning ! I must have fallen into a deep sleep, for the sun was quite risen before I jumped out of bed. My eagerness to be ready made me forget my weakness and sores. I dressed as rapidly as I possibly could, and walked quietly into the room where our service was to be held. At ordinary times it was a sort of cellar-like place ; so that I did not expect much from it on the present occasion. Who shall describe my astonish- ment when I entered that paradise on earth ? The walls were adorned with a drapery of white muslin, religious pictures in golden frames, branches of ever- greens and natural flowers. The whole place was full of a rich white light from the wax candles on the altar and all about the room. Raised on a small platform of crimson and gold stood the ivory crucifix I had seen the priest kneeling before—the cross black as the blackest marble, and the figure of the dying Christ white as the purest lily. There was the chalice—there was the Mass-book—there were evergreens and incense—and there (above all and before all) was the minister of the living God, robed in white, ready to begin the great mystery of the New Law—to offer up the adorable sacrifice of the Mass. There were about fifty people assembled ; some of them persons in good circumstances, but the majority assigned servants. The service just commenced as I entered, and went on without inter- ruption till the little silvery bell announced the " Sanctus" when a female, a prisoner of the crown who had seen and suffered much, actually fainted through joy. " God be praised for evermore !" she exclaimed as she swooned away. I gave my whole soul on the occasion up to God, and l did not think anything could detract my attention from heaven. At the elevation of the Host two sweet, tremulous, female voices blended together in a verse of a Latin hymn,* so pure, so delicious, so unex- pected, that I felt my heart melting away within me. I shed tears—tears of holy joy—tears of com- fort—tears which relieved my heart and mind. The voices swelled apace as the melody progressed, and I thought for an instant that one was familiar to me ; but they soon ceased, and the moment for Holy Communion approached. What a moment ! in such a country ! I am speaking of a period more than forty years ago. There all were in the midst of a city of crime and guilt—the outcasts of that wicked society—the flogged, the persecuted, the mocked—in despite of everything adoring God, as our fathers adored Him ! Well, nearly every one present approached the Holy Table, and par- took of the Living Bread. It would be almost irreverent to describe my feelings at that event. Indeed I could hardly do so now—for so absorbed was I in thought that even Father O'Flynn's sermon has quite escaped my memory—except where he told us that despite all that man could do, this would be a glorious Catholic country yet. The holy man was taken from us the May following— expelled from the country ; but may God in his goodness grant him a bright diadem in heaven for, all that he did for us poor suffering mortals on that occasion ! When the sermon and the last, Gospel were over, an English hymn or psalm was sung. This time I did recognise the voice—it was that of my master's daughter Emma, whom till that mo- ment I did not know at a Catholic. I could not— would not—at first believe my sense of hearing. I waited half abstracted, although trying to devote my mind to prayer, till she was about to leave the church, then I looked up as I would have done to an angel ; and there, sure enough, was the fair, beautiful face and mild kind look of the blessed girl. She caught my glance, seemed to recognise me, for she pressed her tiny forefinger on her lip as * Probably the " O Salutaris hostia." she moved by me, and then passed away. A pure light seemed to leave the little chapel when she left it. Well, that's how we passed the Easter Sunday morning. We met in the evening again ; but were afraid to have any singing, lest the authorities should find us out. We listened to the venerable priest's sermon with great attention, and much good it did to many of us for years after. I shall never forget how he told us that God in His mercy had given us the grace of becoming the foundation of His Church in a new empire, if we proved ourselves worthy of the honour. Both he and Father Therry had always great hopes of this country. So now you have heard —God be praised for all things !—How we spent Easter Sunday Forty years Ago " But what became of Emma ?" I asked after the good old man had ceased speaking. He looked up with a quiet smile, although there was a deep sorrow in his eyes, while his grand- daughter twitched my arm nervously. After a pause he answered me slowly. " Five years after the time I have mentioned—our first Catholic Easter-day—she was not ashamed to link herself for life to a worthless man like me ; but, praises be to God ! for nearly thirty years we lived together, and we never had an angry word with one another—although we had our troubles. She now awaits me—where I long to join her—in our true country." I respected his deep feelings so much that I would not press any further question on him. I have, how- ever, since learned that Emma's mother was a Catholic, who sowed the first seeds of faith and virtue in her daughter's mind. When Father O'Flynn arrived he found her already a Catachumen. She was one of the first bright offerings which the young Australia made to the Holy Roman Catholic and Apostolic Church. Miles Hesslyn's narrative ended and we are re- tired to rest ; but not before we recited together the Litany of the Blessed Virgin, in which our host acted as antiphonarian—we making the responses ? I noticed how warmly—I might almost say impas- sionedly—he dwelt on these three invocations :— Health of the Weak, Refuge of Sinners, Comforter of the Afflicted. His earnestness of devout feeling give us a sort of nspiration in answering, successively, PRAY FOR US. 