SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Wo have Adelaide papors to the 15th instant. The papera aro particularly de void of news. The general elections ap- pear to be the all-absorbing (opici The iicgisici1 has the following ^with regard to the recent detention of the Emeu at Nepean Bay : THE OCEAN MAIL SßnvicE.--It ia no new thing for people who are in fault themselves to ,lay all tho blaine on others, and, consequently! no surpriso will bo felt ni the aunoitueement.that Captain Munro, of tho Jimou.having missed the rendezvous in Nepean Bay, and lost time by his own mistake, should Reek to shift tho responsi- bility of that loss of timo to the South Australian authorities in charge of the Yoting Australian. Of course his com- plaint, however ill-founded, will alford a capital handle for thoso large- minded friends of ours in Melbourne, wtio let slip no opportunity to plead our cause, and promoto our interests ; and, doubtless, the cdinplainfc having been preferred, tho matter will bo thoroughly investigated. Foi' the pfcëdiit, wd aro happy to bo ahlo to lay au authentic- version of tho facts be foro our readers, as contained in a corres- pondence placed lit our disposal, by Mr. '(£, A. Anstey. , , I, The follow ing aro the letters :- ' ( Maroh lilli, I860. ' SiBi-The Commander of. the Emeu having written to th» agents of tho P. and Oi Co./ Adelaide, relative to the alleged detention of the Emeu on the occasion oí, her recent arrival in Nepean Bay, ' ow ing to the want of a proper loik'-oul being kept,' I would respectfully solicit your candid opinion with reference to such statement) which opinion I shall the more value from tho fact of your having been a passenger on hoard the Emeu, and as a geutiuman of unquestionable veracity. Yours most respoellulty, It. BLACKIIAV, ' G. P. Oiilce, Adelaide. G-. A. Anstey. Esq. York Hotel, Adelaide. March 12,1860. Sir,-In accordanco willi your request I will give you,¡to the best ot my memory, a narrative of what I w itucssed on tlie arrival of the Emeu off Nepean Bay on tho night of Thursday last. Wo weie till looking out for the Adelaide steamer. Some lime before midnight Captain Munro burnt a blue light, fired a gun, reduced the ship's speed to ' half speed,' ' slow,' ' dead slow,' and soon afterivurds resolved to anchor. There was no immediate reply to those signals and the captain was much anuoyed at the w ant of ' look out' at the station, through w hieli he declared ho had also been de- tained on his previous voyage.'Ho pointed over the starboard quin ter ton arris what he considered the mooring station of the Adelaide steamer, and called on me, as one of tho Adelaide passengers, to bear him witness thufc there waa no vessel there. Ile begged mo to rcpoi I this neglect on the part of the local authorities when I should arrive in Adelaide, and I, be- riet ing there was gross neglect, freely undertook to do so. Immediately after this, I heard an officer of the P. and O. service (not attached to tho Emeu) express his surprise at the captain looking out for the steamer so far bhort of her moor- ings. He said wo wee nnle3 distant, and pointed towards our starboard boit- as the direction where sho should be looked for. «lust afterwards we saw her first ¡>'\\}. nais (rocket and blue light) almost in the spot indicated. Sonic half-hour later we saw another blue light. The captain again addressed mo. Tue light ho said was 'palpahlo enough, but ho could make out no vessel; lie believed it waa burning ashore.' At thut moment one of the officers on duty passed mo on his way aft from tho bridge, and I asked lum if it was true theio was no steamer after all. Ile assured me that sho had been discerni- ble in the distante for nearly threc quJi'lcrs of an hour, that she lind been steaming towalds us ior a long time, and tlict she would be alongside in a few minutes. I saw hor'myself shortly after« ards, and in about 15 minutes sho was alongside. One of our officers said, in'my hearing, 'I think the little steamer has done very well to letfch us so 'soon so many miles out of bur brat.' There wai, therefore, no neglect on yonr part, either in the way of signalsor getting up steam; on the contrary, you must have shown great promptitude m the discharge of your duly. I doubt not, howover, that nth anläge will be taken of this complaint to pretend fresh cause why the -Ran- gal oo Island Station should be dis- continued. I must, however, take leave to say that if thu Young Australian steamer, in whose"'black bolo' I under went ten uouis 01 woroo tuan purgatory, is Hie only vessel at tho dispos.il of this colony for the. conveyance of Overland passengers from ' Kangaroo Island to Glenelg, tho Melbourne agitulors will bj noting in the practical interests of humanity if they succeed in their -schemes against ¿ailing at Kanguroo' Island and thereby render tho horrors of that * middle passage' un impossibility for the futnrp. I have tho honor to bo, Sir, your obedient sen ant, (. T "* G. A.-*ANSTBY. Wo ha vo only to add, that nothing is moro clear than the anxiety of South Australia, ¡is a whole, to afford every facility for the rapid transhipment of the mails. Capt. Munro ma) rest assured that, for our own sukes, we shall nut let tho matter drop j and ho has every guarantee iu our uniform conduct that the most severo censors of such negligence as he charges against tho colonial steamer would bo the South Aus- tralians themselves. The Advertiser records tho following suicide hy drowning at Port Adelaide l'- un Tuesday morning an inquest was hold by tho coroner, Dr. Woodforde,, on the body of Hamilton Crnmond, belonging to the barquo Arabella, who committed suicide by drowning on Monday after- noon.' Very few particulars m addition to thopo already published transpired ; ho w as observed io leave off work shovelling ballast, rather suddenly, and go forward into the' bows of tho vessel, but no particu- lar notice was taken of it. A boy, who was on the wharf with others, saw him jump into the water, and gave the alarm, , pointing out the spot. Captain Younghus- band ¡.tilted that deceased was rathor re- served in disposition, and _wns in} tho habit of devoting most of his spare time' to tho study of navigation. He hud in- tended to promote him to second officer, in consequence of the death of the chief officer. Tho second officer undone of the, seumen were examined, but nothiog re- markable wus noticed in deceased-'« con- duct, Tho jury al onto returned their v,otdiet,to the effect that deceased destroy ed'bimself whilst labouring under a fit' of insanity. .v : ., From the samo journal wo tako tho fol- lowing :~ ¡A " '. BEAT, PnorunTY ACT,-Memorandum showing; the number of transactions in the Lands Titles Office, with the amount of fees received during February 1859, and February I860 . Feb. 1859, ... 35 Applications Transfers .,( Mortgages Leases ... Dischargo of gago Caveats ... Mort 9 15 2 . 0 0 Feb. 1869. . 00 . ]» . 29 4 C1 140. licgistratioufces...£M 13 0...174 C 0 Assurance ... 8i 9 ' 8... 98 7 10 . ' £169 2 8 272' 13 10 Tho Bcgistfr thus refers to tho popu- larity Mr. Torrens has achieved at home by tho introduction of his Heal Property Bill in South Australia : " Ma. TORBENS AT WOODSIDE.-In the Illustrated Times of 10th December is u eoneitw exposition of tile pi mci pics of the Real Property Act, together with nn illus tiation ot Mr. Torrens' entry into Wood- side on tho 13th September last, when, in answer to u requisition from the inhabit- ants, he delivered a leetui o bearing upon tho measure. Tho sketch represents a triumphal areli, inscribed willi a motto, under which Mr. Torrens lins just pasted in na open carriagCj and; cap IU hand, is bowing his acknowledgments lo the plaudits of tho populace ; whilst a short distuneo ahead, und immediately abreast of tho Bedlord hotel, is tho Brunswick band in au open conveyance. Altogolher the sketch is very good, and will give língháh readers some idea of tliepopularity Mr. Tonons has achieved in the land of his adoption by tho introduction of this valuable measure" Tiru FAB NOHTIT.- A correspondent, writing Iroui Port Augusta on the l«t instant, says.'-" Up to this tinto there lins been no ruin in the fur north, and tho want of provisions is beginning to bo felt. The Bottlers aro now sending their horse teams for ration*, instead of bullocks, i An accident occurred about four miles from 'Mount Remavkublo, on tho 22nd of hiflt month, to a lad named William Hugel, in the employ of Messrs. Molo and Frost, mail- contractors. Ho was thrown from a horso and very much injured. Ho was immediately taken back to the Mount ia a curt, but unfortunately the nearest doctor is at tho Burra, 100 miles off. Hu is, however, progressing favourably under tho care of Aira. Lewis.-South Australian Register, Murub 9." i I'lio well-known racehorse Swordsman Í3 reported lo have died of inflammation on Sunday week. - > PORT ELLIOTT - A tremendous bush- fire broke out on tho early part of Sunday, March 4, in the northern part of the Nkanghita-road in this district. During, Sunday and Monday about 40 of the, settlers were busily employed in suppress- ing the conflagration, and it was only by their unwearied exertions that the valuable property of Mr. Carruth, con- sisting of saw-mills, dwelling-house, &e.;, and the wooden bridge crossing the upper part of the swamp, were saved from de- struction. This bridge has not very long been erected, and is a most creditable piece of workmanship, and most likely before long have to bear a con- siderable amount of traffic. It caught fire twice, and to the exertions of Corporal Rickerby is mainly owing its preservation. In fact, his persevering exertions through- out the whole of the occasion are highly spoken of. The fire has swept away nearly all the teatree, &e.;, in the swamp, the bridge to the Square Water- hole, and made a material alteration in that part of the district.- South Australian Register, March 8. TUB NEW BAHBOUK UEAB MOUNT GAMMER.-A public meeting of the in-, habitants of Mount Gambier and ila vicinity was held on Thursday, Fobruary 24, to consider the best course to be taken in referenco to opening the newly-dis- covered port tit Macdonnell Bay, and milking it available foi* iho district. , Of the 80 or 90 persons presont nil wero' landholders (with the exception of about six "or seven individuals), in the aggregate possessing upwards of 5,000 acres of agricultural lund. Mr. Derrington was requested to take the chair. The chair- man commenced the proceedings by 'ex- plaining the objects of tho meeting,, and referring to the peculiar position ot thal fine district, so fertile,-blessed with such a magnificent climate, capable of groat development, but hitherto completely shut out from till chances or pi-ogrcáfl, or any other than limited prosperity, by the insular position of tho Mount, and tho extremo difficulty of reaching any market, for their produce. It was now, however, hoped that the dis o ivory so opporli.n ly made by Captain Douglas and Captain Germein would be the commencement of an era o^ prosperity which would be productive of benefit to "every resident in the disti'iet. Mr. O. Fidler moved the following resolution : - "That this meeting regards it a3»of the first importance to tho prosperity of the district* 'of cMount 'Gambier that tho 'Government should luke immediate steps for making the new port at Macdonnell Hay available for tho ahipment'oCproduce and supply of goods to this largely popu- lated district.", »He said ho was happy to be able to congratulate "that large_ and important meeting on ¡ having at_ length' some betler prospect for the district than had for a long time nit*c presented itaelf. Tim «.mm'imilV 1.Ô.1 "T..-~ «»...- ..Ml.. *»v ^."»"j » within tho last 12 month«, mid a'lurgo mea of land had been put under cultiva- tion, which'had )ieldcd an abundant har-' vosl. But a now phase bud presented il'olf, from the diseoi cry of tluit wluuli had been so long anxiously w ished for upon this coast, a sale and commodious harbour ; and front tin* di>eo\oi), lightly used, they miglit fan ly luoL (or most impôt tant advan- tages to tho whole district. As fur (.8could bo at piescnt ascertained the new port promised tobo tho best yet fou'id upoV llio coast, o\cepling Port Ad'da'de. -Ho' could safely say it would be better llian the one willi which ho was best acquainted -'Willunga-which was, in fact, nothing but an uiisholleied roadstead, and where thjrc had been rs inaay us threo.wiccksin' the course of a fortnight. Prior to 'its opening; the wheat grow n in the district bud been usually sold at 9d. per bushel under the market pi ico of Adelaide, to allow' for tho expense of cartago from Willunga to the market. He estimated the yield ti the distiiel at;i00,000bu-.licls, BO that through tho establishment of Port Willunda the district was made annually richer by 100,000 nincpences. Tho sarao rule applied to the next const port-Yanka- lilla. There-the' deduction on account of cartage used to bo 10d-, and as the district yielded 50)000 bushels, the "inhabitants might bo considered tis annually saving 50,000 tenpences through the erection of a jolty ¡it that pare of-tho const.Tho import- ance therefore of ut once Reeking the nul ol'the Government in regard to opening MaedonnellBay must bo tippnront to ovcry one. Tt was the only outlet of the dis- trict ol' any practical value. Without it their progress must -bo vory slow and uncertain ; but if they obtained aid' from the Government to put it in u proper stato for vessels to land their cargo, there « as overy hopefor tho rapid pYogiTBs and permanent prosperity of this district. The iinehoruge wat good, and the position (as far as yet known) perfectly safe; and besides this there were tw o great advan- tages not 'to be overlooked, viz, < that a lighthouse was Jil ready erected, which ]v «miscd to-be'of tho greatest value to \0jse!s coming to the new port at night; and al-,0 that Captain Germein would art as pilot w henevor necessary. Mr. t W. A. Crouch moved tho second resolution, as follows':-" Tbac tho Govornment> be respectfully requested to cause sufficient funds to bo appropriated for the erection | of ajotty, safely buoying the ontranco'to tho bay, for laying oui a township, and improving the approaches , tho whole of .which would probably not coat moro than a small percentage upon the largo sums which have accrued lo tho Government from the sale of land in this district, und I from which little benefit hus hitherto been received in this locality."-Register, March 7. 