THE FARM. VISIT TO MR. BOADLE'S FARM, AND PLEUROPNEUMONIA. Fully impressed with the conviction that the disease now raging amongst onE let of cattle near Melbourne, and known as plenro-pneu monia, should be earnestly studied, in order that we may he able to determine whether it is con tagious or xnfectioiis^orwhether It is merely an effect produced by a local cause, or by atmos pherical in fluenccs,—~we this week'visited the farm of Mr*. Bdadle, where the disease first broke out ahqut a,year ago. Our. object was first to see the locality, and aftexwards to unake some inquiries*;into the spread of- the. disease amongst Mr* Bqadle’s'cattle, ■ . ■ , , ’ , Mr. Bo-adle’s homestead is |ituated on the summit .of a round grassy volcgpje lull- ofmodo rate ©fey$tiqnj ; and - tht ■- ■ neigh-, borhood/ is much, ‘ exposed,, vV: ~ fihould es timate the elevation of the hill above «• ’ 1 *■ i -«?'*! * J "MB ' ’ * the level of the sea at about 400 feet, the laud on the east, north, and west, sloping from !t, and being, like nearly all volcanic hills, almost, destitute of trees, whilst the situation commands an extensive and delightful view, it is necessarily, much exposed to hot and cold The south-west winds and son th winds especially, must often he keenly felt hy both man and beast* On examining' the cow-house where the milch cows used to be driven in to be milked, we found that, like Mr, Hooper's, it too has a southern aspect but the situation is ; not low'or weti If milch cows were kept in the cow-house during the nighty the aspect and the exposed situation wonld both be had/ Around the homestead the surface is cbvered : with luxu riant pasture; and cattle kept on it could easily find shelter froin cold winds by going' round to the lee-side* *. ‘ ■ V ' . - / Upon inquiry, wolearneddhat tlie cattle were’ kept hi dry sheltered paddocks in the neighbor hood, and were never in the' shed or cowhouse, except to be milked; and, were never kept in during the night* At this distance of time, and without possess ing a perfect knowledge of how the cattle were taken care of, it would be absurd to affirm that the situation of the farm, exposed as the home stead is to every wind, could neither produce nor aggravate disease of the lungs amongst cattle j because it may easily be supposed that if cattle which are usually kept in sheltered paddocks were turned into another destitute of shelter for one or two cold stormy nights, they might not only be greatly injured, but, from the stoppage of the circulation of the blood, might acquire disease of the lungs* But Mr, Boadle knows as well as any one how to treat and manage cattle, and the whole history of the outbreak of the disease on his farm, as wo had it shortly from himself gives no cause for afiy conjectures that it might have been produced by local’ circumstances* In answer to our inquiries, the folio wing are u r . few of the connected with the disease/ Mr. Boadle had occupied the, farm for many, years, his cattle had never shown ittiy disease, and he had never, lost cattle except oh Black Thursday* In the year fB5l, wbnh/a number of cattle-ware burned by the bushfires* The first disease that appeared .amongst his Stock was in the * case of' an ' imp'orted cow, which died of plenro-pn on monia, as was ascertained upon opening her; that the same disease afterwards appeared amongst the cattle that were depasturing In the same paddock; that upwards of twenty died ; - that (to, disease attacked all alike, even cattle, in excellent con dition j that it showed itself first amongst those that had been kept In the same field with, the imported cow; and that the deaths occurred .principally amongst them, Mr, Boadle fur ther stated that he purchased a lot of cattle in one of the sale yards in Melbourne, and a second lot from the Saltwater river, and that in six weeks after they came upon his farm, which was infested with no disease when these lots were introduced, pleuro-pneumonia broke out amongst the newly purchased cattle ; and that when the whole remaining herd were after wards slaughtered, each animal was opened, and, with but few exceptions, all were more or less diseased. We further ascertained that in about four months after the whole herd had been slaugh tered and burned, biie cow had been purchased to give milk for the family, and that subse quently other cattle had been purchased; and that no disease has shown itself on the farm since. We observed around the homestead a number of cattle, all apparently in good health* 3h answer to our inquiries about Mr* GN*S working bullbcks, which are by some sup posed to have carried away and communi cated the disease to other cattle, we learned that he used to let his dogs visit with himself the scene of slaughter ; that Ms dogs used to feed upon the blood of Mr.Bo able’s slaughtered cattle, and when spoken to on the subject,lgave; no heed to any remonstrances f that he used to let Ms working bullocks sfcray upon the ground where the cattle Had been slaugh tered, and, as is usually the ease, ; the spot seemed to have great attractions: for them, as they could doubtless smell the blood. Mr. Bo able, however, had carted a .quantity of straw to the place, and after spreading it all over the ground, had set Hr© to itl ' We further tried to dndi out how ‘..tfao'disbaao could be traced from Mri cjfeo :Mr.: Hoopek’s, but failed to elicit any thing haw ;i hut w©/ Ascertatiued that-pf" thor cattle slhughtorcd at : Mr*; r ©oadbe’s,’ r . and' then found to be tbbrevliad iheen nothing whatever in their appearauo e to lead 'to * the least suspicion was anything wrong With them ; that although they weto diseased, they had showm no symptoms of it; and that thii fact was the same even in refer ence fo milch cows, which, although diseased, had not fallen' off in the quantity of >tailk yielded* 