NEW ZEALAND. The Olago IVUness in its summary for. England, gives the following account of that province :— 'During the past year there has been an addition, to our population of 1,523 souls : and our present population is noiv probably 8,700. ' Our financial affairs are still in a most satisfactory state — indeed, we might say in too satisfactory a state ; the want of labour preventing the expenditure of the public funds, allowing them to accumulate and lie idle in the provincial chest. We learn that the Otago debentures were sold in London at £- per cent, premium. The rapid increase of the Customs revenue is shown by a return published in our pre sent issue ; and the advance in the land revenue is far greater. By comparing the quarter's statement of land revenue, ending the 31st December, 1858, and the corresponding quarter of 1859, we find that deposits on rural lands alone had increased from £12,051 to £21,115, a rate which will give a revenue for the year from this source alone of £84,000. The receipts ou pasturage licences and assessment, from one quarter to the corresponding quarter, have risen from £161 to £468. This, although not intended as a source of revenue, is a certain index of the increase of tlie flocks aud herds of the community, and of the amount of country stocked and occupied.' With reference to the province of Auckland, the Southern Cross i-emarks — ' It is becoming more and more serious. Not only are the Government in diffi culty, but they have dragged others into difliculty.vrith them. The interest, it adds, upon the Provincial Debentures has narrowly escaped not being paid ; but for timely assistance, the credit of the province — gone here long since — would have been utterly for feited in the adjoining colonies. We are informed, on what we consider sufficient authority, that the General Government have stepped in, and bolstered up the credit of the Provincial Government, through some very complicated transactions, wliich are difficult to understand, even when related in detail. Of these, we shall presently know more ; meanwhile it is un necessary for us to express our own opinion on the sub ject. It would have 'leen batter to have let things come to the worst, in order that they should right themselves the sooner.' Tlie same papers says there ha3 been a long and excessive drought, which had parched up the land. The wells arc also failing, one after the other, and it is said that the river has not bean so low as it is now for eleven years past. Bush-fires up the country are con tinuous, the ash of a tobacco-pipe being sufficient to set all in a blaze. What the stock-keepers are to do for feed, unless rain should fall, we know not, neither do thev. Tlie military Iiave had to purchase wate for the use of the barracks, and it is proposed t encamp the men ou the borders of the lake on th right side of the Tatnaki road, tliat they may hav ' somo chance of supplies till rain comes. 