GEELONG. THE ¿ACES. u ' ' (FROM: OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Friday, January 27. The attendance on the course to-day was much moro numerous than on tho preceding day, , although still thoro was a lack_ of thatisupporS ¡ und patronage that used to distinguish tour raca oiurfco in the days of Bunyip, Merino, Petre', B;ss O' Bedlam, and many other famed Western ' cracks. The attendance of the Indies was also very small, and there was consequently wanting that gay and pleasing feature which distinguishes all assemblages whero the ladies deign to grasa the amusements. Some considerable "feeling" was frooly e< piesscd at Air. Yuille scratching the Plying Bu;!r tor tho Great Handicap during the morning, as, li om the tiptop condition of Flatcatcher, aino3t exciting race was expected. Some said M.\ Yuille was afraid of tho Plat., and others said something less complimentary to that gentleman. Thoro is no doubt, I think, that had Plying Buck not been pushed into a decent gallop foi a mile and three-quarters in tjio Ijoger, he would havo challenged Flatcatcher in the handi- cap ; and although Mr. Yuille knew tlïat Harold and Flycatcher w ero both ready to meet his horse und race him, ho at ono time thought it hotter to wait and know the exact effect produced on Plying Buck ; but acting on the advice or recom- mendation of othors, ho scratched bis horse before Iho Leger was run; so that all who felt iiclined to buck the Buck might know what chnnco thoy thnd of pocketing other people's money. A note was also received li om Mr. H. Ñ. Simson, notifying the fact that Buzzard hid been scratched. The Leger trio carno to the post about a quarter past one, the Flying Buck looking in sploudid condition, and Flycatcher looking as much fit-that is, as regards his shape anl appearance-to run beside him as a donkey. Harold was in vory fair trim also. After one ? false start by Mr. Austin, the horses got away well, Flycatcher cutting out tho running at a pace that threatened to annihilate oven the great , Buck. But beforo ho had got half-way round, he had to " shut up," to use a parliamentary . phrase, and Harold gradually closed with the . Champion hero, intimating a desire to run him hard. The Buck kept on the even tenor of his way, allowing Harold's jockey to administer aï much whalebone and steel to» his horse as he pleased. Harold did try it on, and made a very decent effort, but in vain. The Buck did not seem much distressed. The second race was the Great Handican. On Flatcatcher stripping, ho was the admired of all, the centre of every gay and glittering throng of bookmakers and amateur betters. He certainly looked " mast fit :" ho never was in finer condi- tion, and played uko a kitten, though a kick from his heels would havo been anything but kittenish. ' He leaped, and pranced, and kicked for all the world like-I was going to say-a horse with feet ho feverish that ho could not stand'still upon them, or, to uso a vulgar simile, like a cat on hot bricks. Immediately ho roso high in the hotting, and friends of tho Plying Buck did not Boom at all displeased that they had not had the chanco of backing lum to beat Plat. The poor hero of the Cape Northumberland breakers was littlo thought of, and 4 and 5 to 1 were laid against Van Tromp and Gnffor Grey. , This odds was subsequently increased too, and ' after starting long odds was laid that Flatcatcher would win. After one falso start they got away, the Barber leading at a furious paco, but held steady by Waldock, Van Tromp keeping .well up to Barber for second placo. After they had gone more than a mile, Flatcatcher drew up ahead of Mynheer, and came close behind the Barber, who still led away gallantly. On the off side of ' ' the course, Maxwell's saddle slipped round, his 'jockey fell, and he_ was out of the race. On coming up the straight i nuning the contest was most exciting, and had it not been that the ' Barber swerved, it is just doubtful if he would have lost the race. As it was, ho was only \- beaton on the post by half a-head, Van Tromp '- being a good third. Flatcatcher showed signs of severo spurring, and the blood was running from a small cut on the inner side of the near fore leg. The Handicap Hurdle Race brought six horses to the post, Pop-goes-the-weasel being drawn. The six came up together full swing, and all, save Love Not (who fell, and threw Ins rider), cob over the first leap opposite the stand. Gay Lad struck the hurdle first, and drove it over towards Love Hot. The rest of the hurdles were all cleared in good style, without mishap; Young; Lottery leading, with Gay Lad and Royal Charlie well up to him, in which position thoy passed the winning-post. In the second heat, Gay Lad led off at a dashing poco, and maintained the lead 1 for more than a mile, with Young Lottery, and Royal Charlie close behind him. Buck ' fell at first fence, but his rider was soon in the saddle again, and, although he had lost consider- able ground, started off to try and overtake th.3 front horses, an effort he might have spared him- self. Rifleman pulled Sam Slick at the turn of the course, and was landed the winner easily. In the third heat, only Young Lottery and Rifleman started, and made a splendid race, the former having a slight lead all the way to past tho lost hurdle, when Rifleman challenged, and beat him by several lengths. < The Selling Stakes was the last race of the day, and brought two cripples to the post as favourite -Goldfinder and Van Tromp. The race did not excite much interest, and terminated by Goldfindcr beathnr Van by a length and a half, Beeswing being third. ' j, , Saturday, January 28. To-day the attendance was not so good as on the second day, although the weather was really splendid ; but much of this apathy may uo attributed to the fact of Flatcatcher having been scratched for the only race left in which ho was likely to meet the formidable Flying Bude. Great hopes hod been entertained that these two <, cracks would have met on the Geelong course ; and as they were both in splendid condition-to , look at, a most exciting race was anticipated. Mr. Yuille and Mr. Bavin are both very freely censured for the manner in which thoy have entered their horses, and then drawn them ; and there certainly does seem to be something of the " You go for that and I will go for this" stylo of racing about it. There are, however, some circumstances connected with these two horses that may not be generally known, which, if true-and I have reason to believe them-may remove some of the 'bad odour attaching to these two sportsmen. There is also another thing to bo considered, viz., should , horse- racing bo conducted to please the betting community, or os a legitimate national sport, in willoh fhft Knaf Uwft "l,«.,l l .-I pi Í. o- hi *" """"£* """ """' """>" suuuiu always win ? Or, I may ask, is the owner of a first-rate race-horse, of high character, ^to run his horse in a race whero he may- be ruined or disgraced just to picoso a party of betting-men who have laid out'their money upon him very foolishly, and without due inquiry and calculation ? Well, then, Plying Buok wai scratched for the reasons I referred to in my notice of the Great Handicap "swindle," as some aro pleased to term it; and as Mr. Yuille had Íiublicly stated that ho would not run his horse or that race if he was pushed for the Leger, long before the races came off, I do not think he can be so sorely blamed as some would wish. Flat catcher's condition, on the other hand, gave great hopes that he would not shirk his responsi- bility in the Town Plate, although the way in which he finished with the Barber proved he wm not quite so good as ho looked. What the actual reason for his deolining the contest was mxy never be known, or if published, moy prove very unsatisfactory ; but this I do know, that on coming in to be weighed, he had a cul about an inch in'length on the bone on the inside of the near fore leg, from which the blood trickled down netty freely. That afternoon abouti4 o'clock jiiB leg began to swell, and he was lame-so ?r says Mr. Oreen, and Mr. Bavin immediately i ^scratched him. "> m i i The first race of tbo day-the greatl race of the meeting-great from its intense absurdity, that of J seeing the Town Plato of Geelong,' value 10 J sovereigns, .distance three miles, contested for by one three-year-old, and one two-year-old colt, was the first* on the programme. Even in this Îieople were dissatisfied, and a report was circu ated to Mr. Yuille's prejudice that he had paid . the entrance-money of Mainstay, just to let him ,' start, and make a race of it,-a-statement that Mr. Yuille emphatically denies, and that no one 1 knowing the nigh character of Mr. Hunter, Mainstay's owner, would be likely'to credit. I should also state that, on asking Mr. 'Hunter, on the first day of the races, if he reaUy.meant to run his colt, he said ho should, most certainly. Perhaps public confidence is so much shaken in Mr. Yuille, through his conduct throughout th> Flying Buck cum Buzzard affair, that every act of his may have the most unchni ¡table construc- tion placed on it, and that he may be even belied ; but this would be treating him' most unfairly, and, although I share in the general opinion of 1 him relative to the Jockey Club Derby, because lrit' has never been properly cleared up, it is but justice to, prevent him, being mis ' represented in other affairs. But to the raes -the humbug of a race. The twp colts got a good start, Mainstay slightly leading, until passing the first post beyond the straight running, 1 when lie ran inside, and had to be pulled back again. He followed on after the Buck, who very '' good naturedly kept at a steady quiet gallop, t> ?* let him catch him. On passing, the stand tai 1 first time Mainstay was desired to pull up, which 'he did, and the Buck kept on the oven tenor of ' his way to the end. , ' ' The second race was the Forced ] Handicap, "for'which there were six starters-Defence, ~ Nimbletoe, Maxwell, Green Linnet,! Love ,Not, and Dispatch, tho latter being the favourite ; vi.ïltbough from the lightweight on the .Linnet ^'7»fc-41b-.'--she bad a number of friends." 0 to 4 f-u tho field against "any horso was" freely offered, «itlifew takers. The start was by no means a »ood ono, but the horses soon got together again. Green Linnet, Love Not, and Goldfinder leading off at a tremendous pace, Nimbletoo and Defenco ooming up close with thom. On coming round bho turn into the straight running, Defenco carno gallantly to the front rank, pushed closely by Maxwell. Tho throe mado a good rush homo to the post, Defenco being the winner. Tho real great raco of the day-the steeple- chase-now brought out six splendid horses for cross-country work. Pop-gocs-tho-weosol It vi bis fame spread far and near as a crack tit it could not and would not bo beaten by anything in the country ; indeed, so far did'the name o£ the animal intimidate the stewards, that tluy actunlly ignored ago ns any consideration in weighting, andj placed fully ono stono moro upon the four-year-old than they did upon tho ago.t Clacks, Royal Chnrlio and Rifleman. Perhaps thoy may say that tho result of the raco shows tho correctness of thoir judgment ; but I scarcely think that will apply in a case whero a young horso is brought out against a field of kilowa good old horses. It will have_ the effect of crushing young horses, and keeping thom out of the field till tiley aro old enough to carty weight Tho horse happened to win; but supposo ho hal broken down under his onormous load, whit would havo been said ? >. On starting, Pop took a tearing lead, followed closely by Lottery, and both horses cleaved tho first leap splendidly. Walkover and Royal Charlie thou followed thom. Hector O'ilallor.ui baulked nt the first fence, and, iii spite of all I113 rider could do, would not bo »or&uadcd; to fucj the timber. He continued bringing him up t J it, and administering tho whip and spur, until the leading horses carno round again, when Ita cleared out of their way. Charlatan seemed to have but a poor chance, although ho leaped well. Lottery began to challenge Pop after getting over tho first leap the second timo, and it was doubtful \i bother he would not take the lead from'lum, and many wore tho exclamations of " Pop's'done up!" uutil Pop,, fearing his friends might begin to rue their rashness, took up tho runnim; again, clearing his fences in gallant style., Walkover and Royal Charlie keeping their positions' bohind them. At the last fonce Lottery seemed'to rush Pop for his bare life, nnd cleared it about half a second after him. A great stiugglo now took place up the straight run home, « hich resulted in Pop winning the race, amid loud cheers. The race throughout t wus tv very beautiful otto, not niarrccrby ti singlo disaster. Lottery lo« tecoud place through,1 as it afterwards transpirjd, jumping' inside a uag." This race must, I think, i-'."í" "T *«i'"«".iu".ui iop-goes-mc-weasel [as the host steeplechaser m the colony. [ The Shorts wound up the day's bport, and brought 'seven horses to the post. Tho Barber and Orphan were the favourites, but Kate Kearney also had some friends. In the fust heat The Barber evidently made a waiting raco of it and just held a good position, while Nimhlotoé and Orphan were struggling for victory. ' In the «¡coud and third heats he had it all his own way 'nftcr the first three-quartors of a milo. Tho old .horse was loudly cheered on being weighed out. Win or lose, there is a melancholy interest (attaching to the Adelaido horse that will always make him a general favourite on the course! This ended the regular races of tho mect'ui-' and everything has passed off in a tolerably satis ifactory manner. The stewards havo given satis- faction by their arrangements and decisions, and by their handicapping-always excepting the four-year-old's 7st. Mb. To-day sonic scratch races and a boot'i holders' purse are being run for, just to wind up tho week. Only one serious accident occurred ; that was the dislocation of the shoulder, or fracture of tho collar-bone, of a young m .11 named Susains, a draper's assistant. . , ," ,. . ». Saturday, Jnnuaiy 28. At thojPohce Ofiice yesterday Mr. Denton, of the late firm of Sanders' and Denton, brewer.-, was committed to tako his trial on a charge ot' stealing a 4-lb. tin of coffee, the property of his late partner ; the prosecutor being'Mr. Sanders himself. There is sorno talk of bringing Mr. QuaHor nir-.n, or Dr. Greeves. forward to fill the vacancy caubäd by Mr. Cowie s resignation of his seat for East Geolong. I do not" think >Dr. 1 Grooves would havo any chance here, however. ' Accounts _ continue to come in from vario as inland districts, of the great amount of darnaTe done by bush-fires during the late hot weather, many stations being said to.be quite burnt'out. Fortunately no lives aro reported to havo boen lost, and not many hui.ldings. Mr. Pettavel, tho vinegrower, estimates his loss by the hut hot Saturday and Sunday at not less than £5,000. Other vignerons aro' great sufferers also. 