NEWCASTLE. (From the Newcastle Chronicle, Jan. 21.) I ELECTION OF ALDERMEN.- Preparations are being made for the ensuing election of aldermen in the place of those who retire annually, in accordance with the pro- visions of the act. The day of nomination is fixed for the 7th proximo, and the day of polling for the 14th of the same. Up to the present we are not aware whether there is likely to be any opposition to the re-election of the out-going aldermen, in the event of their offering themselves for re-election. With regard to the City Ward, it is exceedingly probable that a new candidate will have to be provided, from the well-known reluctances and often-expressed determination of Alderman Richard- son not to fill the office any longer; besides, we regret to say that, for some time past, the worthv alderman has been suffering from an injury to one of his legs, and in consequence, has been confined to the house and unable to attend any of the ordinary meetings of the council. CRICKET-The following eleven have been chosen to contest the return match with the Maitlanders which is to be played at Maitland on the 26th instant, it being the anniversary of the colony, viz. :- Keeston, Burrowes, Chapman, M'Pherson, Webb, J. Steele, B. Wells, Brack- enreg, Wills, T. Dwyer, E. Chester. Umpire, C. B. Ranclaud. Scorer, C. H. Hannell. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH BALL.- On Tuesday last, a ball took place at the Caledonia Hotel in this city, in com- memoration of the establishment and the opening of telegraphlc communication between Sydney and the Hunter River district. WARATAH RACES.- It will be seen from an advertise- ment that our late fellow- townsman, Isaac Thomas, in- tends getting up a diversion for his holiday- making friends and acquaintances, on the 26th instant. From the manner in which he catered for his friends at the Chrlstmas holidays, some idea may be formed of what he intends doing on the present occasion, and as the rail- way passes so near the spot, and as the fares on that day will be cheap, numbers, no doubt, will make Waratah their rendezvous. TERRIFIC HAIL STORM.- From information we have re- ceived from district constable Lane, we learn that, on last Friday, a terrific hail storm prevailed in the locality of Lake Macquarie and Brisbane Water. He describes some of the hailstones to have been as large as duck eggs, and to have done considerable damage within the range of its fury, which, fortunately, appears to have been limited to a space of about six miles, in one direc- tion at least, but wherever Its effects had been felt it had left abundant traces of its distinctive character, Here and there immense branches were lopped off from the trees, and many of them battered Into fragments, and, in many instances, strewing the path and almost blocking up the passage along the road. In some instances where these masses of ice (for they were nothing less) had struck some of the larger trees, it had indented them and left their impress upon the sap, and, considerlng the short time it lasted, and the limited space it covered, appears to have been a most destruc- tive storm. At Mr. E. Hely's, and some of the other settlers, he had heard of considerable damage being done to the orchards and fruit, but of no accident to life or limb. BUSH FIRES.- Last Saturday, for sultry heat, smoke, dust, winds, was a day to be remembered in Newcastle, for its plagues and its pests, and yet this hot wind is not so pestilential after all as might be imagined. From about mid- day, the city was enveloped in clouds of dust and smoke, and the wind from the north-west blowing lustily. In a westerly direction, an extensive bush fire was raging, the smoke and embers from which were wafted over the city, creating no very pleasant impression upon the senses, while it was calculated to remind us poor sin- ners of the place prepared for the wicked, by the devil and his angels. Such a day has not been experienced for many years, not since the land round the city has been cleared. The bush fires appear to have originated about Waratah, taking the south side of the Great Northern line of railway in an easterly direction, and at one time created serious apprehensions for the vicinity ot the Borehole. Fortunately it passed off in a more southerly direction, without doing any injury to property or person, beyond the annoyance from the almost insuf- ferable atmosphere it created, and has continued to burn with more or less intensity ever since, but in a direction where it can do no particular harm. Over on the Port Stephens shore also, these bush fires were raging, but, though visible, their effect upon the city was not so palpable. Yet, up to Thursday night, the glare in the heavens indicated that, in that direction also, the fire was still progressing. EXPORT OF COAL FOR THE WEEK ENDING JAN. 20,1860. \- Australian Agricultural company : Sydney, 496 toni; Melbourne, 1074 tons; New Zealand, 292 tons ; foreign ports, 82 tons; steamers, 71 tons. Total, 2009 tons - Coal and Copper Company: Sydney, 578 tons; Mel- bourne, 190 tons; steamers, 306 tons; foreign ports, 70 tons. Total, 1744 tons. - J. and A. Brown's Minmi Colliery, Hexham, ending January 19 : Sydney, 378 tons coal ; foreign ports, 363 tons coal ; Sydney, 10 tons coke. Total, 820 tons coal, and 10 tons coke. MINMI.- This place is peculiarly blessed in abundance of building material. We have a splendid stone quarry, and, I think, a much better stone than Waratah ; there is, also, a description of stone here suitable for standing fire in furnaces; we have several coke ovens built entirely of it, and without lime, a sort of loam being found here almost equal to Portland cement. We have, also, a capital clay for making bricks, three kilns being made within the last three months, and which have turned out weil; and as for timber, there is a superabundance of the best description for building purposes. Now that the facilities of transit are so easy between Newcastle and Minmi, I should not be at all surprised to see you have to draw a good deal of your building material from here. Here the corporation could get curbing stone in any quantity ; here you could get splendid stone of any size for facing your dilapidated wharves ; as also piles and planking; bricks for your theatres and commercial hotels; with coals for the million.- Correspondent. 