SOUTH AUSTRALIA. THE PAR NOKTH.-A correspondent, writing from Foi t Augusta on tho 1st instant, says : " Up to this tune thoro lias been no rain in the far north, and the want of provisions ÍB beginning to ho felt. The settlers are now sending their horhe-teams for rations, instead of bullocks. An accident occurred about four miles from Mount Komarkablo, on the 22nd of last month, to a lad named William Hazel, in the employ of Meiers. Mole and Frost, mail-contraotors. Ho was thrown from a horse and very much injured. Ho was immediately taken back to the Mount in. a cart, but unfortunately the nearest doctor is at the Burra, 100 miles off. He is, however, progi easing favourably under the caro of Mrs. Lewis.-South Australian Register, March 9." Tho well-known racehorse Swordsman is re- ported to have died of inflammation on Sunday week. POUT ELLIOT.-A tremendous bush-fire broke out on tho early part of Sunday, March 4, in the northern part of the Nkanghita-road in this dis- trict. During Sunday aud Monday about 40 of tho settlers wero busily employed in suppressing the conflagration, and it was only by thoir un- wearied exertions that the valuablo property oE Mr. Carruth, consisting of saw-mills, dwoUing houso, &c;, and tho wooden bridgo crossing the upper part of the swamp, were saved from de- struction. This bridgo has not very long boon erected, and is a most creditable piece of work- manship, and will most likely boforo long havo I to bear a considerable amount of traffic It cuujiht fire twice, and to the exertions of Corporal Riekcrby is mainly owing its preservation. In fact, his persevering exertions throughout the ti bolo of the occasion are highly spoken of. The file has swept away nearly all the teatree, &c;, in tho swamp, the bridgo to the Square Water-hole, and made a material alteration in the features of that part of the district.-South Australian Itegtstcr, March 8. TIIE NEW HARBOUR NEAR MOUNT GAM: Bimt,-A public mooting of tho inhabitants of Mount Gambier and its vicinity was held on Thuisday, February 23, to consider the best com so to be taken in reference to opening the neuly-discovored port at Macdonnell Bay, and malting it availablo for the district. Of tho 80 or 60 pensons present all were landholders (with the txuption of about six or seven individuals), in the nggregate possessing upwards of 6,000 acres of ngncultural land. Mr. Dorrington was re- quested to take the chair. The chairman com iiuiieed the proceedings by explaining tho objects ol the meeting, and roforring to the peculiar po- sition of that fine district, so fertile, blcsiied with. SULII II magnificent climate, capable of gtcat do \ elopement, but hitherto completely shut out from. ull chances of progress, or any other than limited piospority, by tho insular position of the Mount, and tho oxtromo difficulty of reaching any market for their produce. It was now, however, hoped that tho discovery so opportunely made by Captain Douglas und Captain Germein would be the commencement of an era of pros- perity, which should be productive of bonotit to ei try resident in tho district. Mr. 0. Fidler moved the following resolution :-" That this meeting regards it as of the first importance to the prosperity of the district of Mount Gambier that tho Government should take immediato step3 foi making the new port at Masdcnnoll Bay avail- able for the shipment of produce and supply of goods to this largely populated distriot. He 6,ud he was happy to be able to congratulate that large and important mooting on having at length some better prospect for the district than had for a long time past presented itself. The commu- nity had grown very rapidly within the last Vi months, and a largo area of land had been pub under cultivation, which had yielded an abundant harvest. But a now phase had presented itself, from the discovery of that which had bee* so long anxiously wished for upon this coast o wifo and commodious harbour; and, from thib discovery, rightly used, they might fnuly look for most important advantages to tlio whole district. As far as could - be nt present ascertained the new port promised to be tlio best yet found upon the coast, excepting I'oi t Adelaide. Ho could safely say it would be bittet than the ono with which he was best nequuinted- Willunga-which was, in foot, nothing but an unsheltered roadstead, and where there had been as many as three wrecks in the course of a fortnight. Prior to its opening the wheat grown in the district had been usually sold at i)d. per bushel under the market prico of Ade- laide, to allow for the expense of cartage from Willunga to the market. He estimated the yield ot the district at 100,000 bushelB, so that through the establishment of Port Willunga tho district was made annually richer by 100,000 ninepenoe3. Tho Mino rule applied to the next coast port ?j iiukulilla. Thero the deduction on account oC cat tage used to bo 10d., and as the distriotyielded 50,000 bushels, the inhabitants might be considered as annually saving 50,000 tenpences through tho erection of a jetty at that part of the coast. The importanco therefore of at once seeking the aid of the Government in regard to opening M'Don noll Bay must bo apparent to every one. It Vu tlie only outlet of the district of any practical value. Without it thoir progress must bo Tory sion and uncertain; but if thoy obtained aid ii oin the Government to put it in a proper state fot vessels to land ship cargo, thero was every hopo for the rapid progress and permanent pros ¡enty.of this «district. The anchorage was good.1 and the position (as far [as yet known) perfectly safo; and besides this there wero two great advan- tage«) not to be overlooked, viz., that a lighthouse lins, already erected, which promised to be of the greatest value to vessels coming to tho new port at night; and also that Captain Germein would act .is pilot whenever nec«3ssary. Mr. W. A. Ci ouch moved the second resolution, as follows : -"That the Government be respootfuUy ro- queted to causo sufficient funds to be appropri- ated tor the erection of a jetty, safely buoying tho entrance to the bay, for laying out a town- ship, .uid improving the approaches; tho whole of nindi would probably not cost more than a hinall percentage upon the large sums which havo accrued to the Government from the sale of land iii this district, and from which little benefit lias hitherto been received in this locality."-.Bq/igfo. iMfcich 7. 