TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. ' ' Sydney, Frida}'. , It is understood that notice will be seilt to all Government employes to ftho effect, that oil «ho lemain tin the public service after January 1st will do so on the understanding that they will have no claim to retiring pensions. ' ' ( Petitions on appropriating the proceeds of the Tea and Sugar Duties to the pur- poses of education, aie going about and .being well signed. 1 . ' . . The rains have extended well into (¿he. interior. ? t ' ' > - ' >J ' i Saturday. !, .There is plenty of cricket practice ¡ ^liinut fi h,*a *V> ' 'T I í I 'u ' .f [/oing ou ; but no business worth men- ' tioning. , " ( The regulations as to pensions, men- tioned yesterday,, have been efiicV1 nounced; ' _iiy arl. The d> ' Monday, hoi" ' j is kept as another general t »ay. The Elk, from the Fijis, reports a great gathering of the chiefs, for the pur- pose of handing over the islands to the British authorities, but it is not believed the authority to accept the cession of the islands has arrived. Tuesday. The first stone of St. John's College was laid to-day by Archbishop Polding. A writ for a member for East Sydney, in place of Mr. Cowper, will issue on the 9th. There is but little business doing. The Merchants are anxiously awaiting the mail. The state of commercial affairs in Melbourne is greatly discussed. Wednesday. The Customs inquiry, which is still going on, is taking a wide range, and disclosing a great many irregularities. A great bazaar, tor the benefit of St. Vincent's Hospital, is going on in Hyde Park. Thursday. The Sydney eleven were chosen yes- terday act! are as follow s :-Adams, Dickson, Gilbert, Hillard, Kinlock, 0. Lewis, Richardson, Samuels, J. Thompson, N .Thompson and R. Mun ay. Captain Ward and Beeston wero chosen,but declined. The committee named four others, from whom to select an emergency man. The above mentioned eleven play against the best sixteen procurable, on Saturday ; only eleven of the latter to field. Trade is very flat. At a large meeting of the School of Arts, held last night, Doctor Jcnkin's idea was moved by the Chief Justice, that tho tea and sugar duties be devoted to educational purposes. It was met by an .amendment that the meeting was opposed to the retention of those duties uudor any circumstances whatever, and the amend- ment was carried almost unanimously. ' > Adelaide, Friday. There is much inquiry for wheat at piesont. Flour quotations are purely nominal. Two cargoes of colonial limber werp «rr_1.-1 . . . « » i oiiereu io-tiay al auction, but tim compe- tition was slack. Tho South Australian Government have taken the steamer Young Australian in lieu of the Corio, for the conveyance of the English mail fiom Nepean B.iy, for the next 12 mouths. Notwithstanding this, the Corio goes down mr tho nu ii lö-moirow. The Young Austialian can- not lie chartered. The weather is warm. The Port regatta will take place on Monday. Saturdav. His Excellency proceeds to Nepean Bay this afternoon, in the Corio, which is to leave at G-30. p.m., to meet the English mail. The Omeo sails from the Port at 4.30 p.rn, A sale of wheat took place to-day at 7s., delivered at the Port. This is the highest price yet obtained fur new wheat. There is very little business doing. The weather is hot. . Tuesday. Yesterday was observed as a general holiday._._.._",, r. ^ö~sëi^tho annual regatta, which went off very well. The Yacht race was won byt the Xantho. In the Whaleboat Race, the Argus won 'the prize. Large bush-fires have been observed in the hill districts. Town brands of flour are worth jSlGto ¿IG 10s. Wheat in good < demand a.t Gs. ]0d. to 7s. at Port. Weather yarro,, I , Wednesday. The cargo of the Prince of the Séas, norn Mauritius, was offered to-day. There was no competition, and little was sold, and even that at low prices. Wheat is in great demand. Town millers aro giving equal to 7s. at Port. A large bush fire broke out yesterday evening in the hills, and has destroyed Giles's Gardens, and threatens to destroy John Baker's scat at Monillo. The weather is hot and sultry. Sandhurst, Tuesday. The attendance to-day at the Caledonia Gathering wa"? not so largo, as, yesterday, but moro orderly, The dust was stifling, Tho arrangements were quito as bad as thp, , previous day. The . Hurdle Race' was ' won by Joshua ; "there were five entries.. Tln-nu-ín,, t;m.. . ..v.u. juc entries.; Throwing Light Hammer.-Hnggart 1 ; Robertson 2 ; eight, entries. Long Leap.-Edwards, 1 ; Deakin, 2. Tilling at Ring.-O'brien (an Irishman), 1 ; four entries. Broad- sword Exercise.-Finnigan, 1 ; Morell'2 ; six entries. Quoits -Scott, 1. Reel of Tullock.-Robertson, 1. G bille .Callum. -Robei tson, 1.-Long Race (GOO yards). -Run,once aud disputed j to be run over again, »j Mr. M'Liohlan, P.M., behaved most shamefully to Robertson, the piper, ordering bim "off the stage in a most peiemi tory and 'insolent manner, using vile language. M* Lachlan was deservedly hooted, and left the giound shortly after- wards. The people were rpt satisfied lill Robertson reappeared. lie" was then welcomed w ¡iii rjumh of applause, 1 ' i Wednesday. At the Caledonian Gathering to-duy (third day) the sports which were left unfinished yesterday look place. Best dressed Highlander under 15 years of age-First, Willie Rae,' aged six, who amused the assemblage by his dancing ; seo nid, young Mackenzie. ' Best-dressed Highlander over 15 years of age Kennedy, first, out 'of seven prizes, a hands ;iue gold brooch,^value ¿210. Some dissatisfaction was expressed at the decision of the judges in giving the prize to Kennedy iustead of R. 0. Smith, who was considered to be decidedly the best-attired on the «rrnnnil ne i.« t.-'i -'? .w £,iuuum, (-,b no ima au I the orthodox 'ornaments. The Society's I pii<¡e medal for the best ¡loem fell to the lut of a gentleman named Stock, who was rather excited, no doubt owing to his good fortune.' Robertson, the piper, and M'Lachlan, president of the society, have resigned, owing to the contretemps of yesterday/ Tue attendance was very meagio not more than 400 or 500. Mr. Robeitson and other officers were ex- ceedingly obliging in imparting infor matioi't Se\oral impromptu sports, in cljïdingitiltiiig at tbo ring, appropriately wound up the first Scottish Gathering here. I i .1!- w j ,< M 'I' ..ii -¡ I.I r 