— BUSH-FIRES;- — The Bendigo. ALprury suya:—Tbe bush fires winch liayoJieen_ burning to : -fiercely lii' tile direction _of_the ! Campaspe, have, wo regrci.to jayl'dcsffbyed lii one ih- iustnnce, a vast .quantify, . of " agricultural produce. Mr. Iio.bprlSfofthe'.iampaspeV'lins oeen a sufferer to theex- t.ep,t;of£3poo, by the destruction of this season's hay on- bis atatlon.'. .Tile fire' ciimc oil with frightful rapidity, and though .tlie utmost clVorts were made to beat it back, f.lioySycre Utterly, futilo. Tnc: beat and smoke almost stifled'/ tlie persons engaged. Mr. Drake's Carapaspe Iiiri wtri'triclrcled by lire, but happily escaped without injury, though great fears were entertained for its safety. Out' informant states tlmt the smoke was so dense that lie could liken it to nothing else than a London black fog; .Seen from the ranges in the direction of the Axe ; Creek", tills fire had a most grand bppcnrancc, the flainc3 covering a great extent of ground, and licking even the tops of the highest trees. On both sides of the road to the Axe Creek, the bush iias been on flic for some days, 'anil still remains so. From the Ballarnt Star we learn that bush fires, more or less distinctive in their progress, have been raping on every part of that district. The lire in the vicinity of Mount Helen has now been burning with considerable intensity for the lust eight days, and ou Saturday night lit up the whole of the Canadian Ranges. On Sunday, it appeared to bo extending to this side of the range, no doubt where it will cnuso some mischief, as the ground in that locality is. thickly timbered. Another bush fire has also been raging in the parish of Glcndarucl, but we have not heard that it has done any injury to property. Another very destructive bush fire broke out on Satur day, near the school-house on this side of Buninyong. The scbool-liouse. had a very narrow escape li-om des truction ; once, indeed, it took fire, but with the aid of a police constable and a supply of water, it very for tunately was extinguished. Persons with horses pud drnys experienced |mucli difficulty in (ravelling on the roaa. so great \vas the licat ; and the driver of the mall coach, in order to get past in safety, was induced to put his homes at full speed. A fire has also been burning for some days near Corduroy, and the ranges beyond Little Bendigo have also been in flames. In fact, the horizon, on every side, as far as the eye can reach, is bounded by a long and dark Jine of smoke, equal iu den sity to a November fog in England. Glendaruel. — The file at Glendnruel, to which wc alluded in Monday's issue, seems to have done a consi derable amount of damage. It broke out about eleven a.m., on Sunday, near the Belfast Hotel, nnd is supposed to be the work of an incendiary, as an individual who had been in the employ of Mr. Jackson, a farmer in that locality, has been apprehended under very suspicious circumstances. The fire was. first discovered on the boundary between the farms of Mr Jackson nnd Mr Todd, from which it spread with fearful rapidity ns far as tho One Mile Creek, where it was finally arrested at the cross roads, which helped to check its progress. All day long a number of men who had collected from various parts of the country, exerted themselves in a very cre ditable manner by ploughing up the land in order to check the .fire. Among the sufferers are Messrs Jack son, Todd, Ferguson, M'Gregor, Dunstan, Hawkins, Sneers, M'Bcth, Gibson, &c.; Messrs M'Beth and M'Gregor had about 55 ucres of corn destroyed, nnd their loss may be set down at £500. Mr Dunstan's loss is estimated at 100J ; tho fire rcaeiied within four feet of his stacks, which very fortunately were saved. Mr Speers had 40 or 50 acres of crop all consumed, and Mr Hawkins liad about 80 acres totally destroyed. The entire loss may be estimated at from £8,000 to £10,000.— B dllarat Star. __________ Fire. — On Saturday afternoon, about 2 o'clock, a fire broke out in the stables of Mr Shobbrook, at the back of the National School and Vivian's foundry. The stables were built of wood and roofed partially with bark, and these materials being rendered easily ignita- ble by the intense heat which has prevailed during last week, the flames spread with such rapidity that it was found impossible to rescue three horses and a dog; they all fell a prey to the fire. Two of the horses and the dog, we are informed, were the property of Mr Shob- brook, the other was at livery. Within a few minutes after the alarm was given, the Municipal engine was on the ground, closely followed by the engine of the Fire Brigade. Before their arrival, however, the exertions of a number of men prevented the fire spreading beyond the stables, which, fortunately, were isolated from the other buildings; the body of water thrown by the en- gines soon extinguished the burning remains of the sta- bles. Fortunately the north wind, which had been blow- ing with considerable force during the morning, veered to the west just before the fire occurred, and the flames were thus directed off Kelsall's buildings, and the wood- en tenements that lie between them and the stables. But for this the whole corner might have been involv- ed in destruction. Some horses belonging to Cobb and Co. were in a stable immediately adjacent to Mr Shob- brook's, but they were promptly removed by Mr Sweeney, whose attention was attracted to the fire at it's commencement. We are not aware of the origin of the fire, but it was openly ascribed on the ground to have been occasioned by sparks from the flue of Vivian's foundry. There was one circumstance in connection with this fire that we perceived with regret. The Mu- nicipal engine was dragged on the ground by five men only, and it was not until bystanders had been forcibly appealed to that sufficient assistance was rendered to get the engine into play. From the Market house to the scene of the conflagration, we should have thought that the five gallant fellows who had harnessed themselves to the Municipal fire engine would have met with some ac- tive sympathy, and it does not rebound much to the credit of the town that such a reasonable expectation was not realised. While upon this subject we may re- mark that the men who work the Municipal engine should be provided with a distinctive uniform. They would then be easily recognised as working under au- thority. Mining Lease.— The following lease is applied for, to be granted nt the expiration of one month from Jan 20\. Gilbert Handasyde, George William Han-is, Cle ment Henry Chippendale, as trustees for the " Nuggetty Reef Quartz Mining Company of Tarrangower," for 10a Or 14jp. of quartz reef on Nuggetty Reef, from the north boundary of Lisle and Co.'s claim, to the south boundary of the ground already applied for by C. H. Chippendale, C. Drury, and R. Sharpc. To commence 3 or 4 months after issue of lease. Proposed term of lease, 10 years. The ground for which a lease is applied for includes the ground applied for by C. H. Cbippen- dnlo, C. Drury, and R. Sharpc, and four claims held miner's rights on tlie north side of same, for which ar rangements have been made with the claimholdcrs. The Exploration.— Ahout a dozen of the sub scribers to tlie Exploration Fund met on Thursdayat the Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of lieariDg the re port of the Committee to whose care it was entrusted to collect the subscriptions ' nnd prepare the . preHminaries necessary for carrying into effect -what has so long been a subject of interest to this and the neighboring colonies —an expedition into the interior. It will bo in the re collection of many that some time ago a munificent do nation of £1,000 was offered liy an "An Unknown," on condition that the sum of £2,000 was subscribed by the public. Owing, however, to tlie critical state of com mercial affairs, it was found most difficult to collect that amount, and had it not bcon for the praiseworthy exer tions made by the members of tho committee, the liberal response in mnny cases to their applications, and tlie ex tension of the period for which the offer of the unknown was available, the Exploration Fund would not liavc as sumed its present prosperous aspect. The sub-commit- teeliavc, however, terminated their onerous labors; and tho work of exploration will, in all probability be en trusted to the Royal Society of Victoria, who will hold a meeting to-morrow, for the purpose or urging upon the Government tlie necessity of allowing them to use the Legislative grant of £6,000 as soon ns possible; in order that the arrangements for the expedi tion may be completed beforo the end of next month.3— Argus. Church or England Assembly.— At oue o'clock on Thursday afternoon, the representatives, lay and cleri cal, to tlie Annual General Assembly of the Church of England in Victoria, met in the School Rooms adjoining the St. Pnul's Church," in Swanston-strcet. After wait ing a few minutes, the Assembly, having been constitu ted, ndjourned to St. Pnul's Church, where tho Lord Bishop of SIclbourne, assisted by tlie Rev, S. L. Chase, performed Divine Service, nnd administered tlie sacra ment of the Lord's Supper to those present. At half- past two tlie members of the assembly returned to the school rooms. His lordship having taken the chair, cal led upon the lay representatives to present their creden tials, nnd to sign the usual declaration thnt they were communicants oftlie Established Church and belonged to no other religious denomination. He also informed them that byiln act of the Assembly they were bound to sign their names in the book as n proof tlmt they liacl atten ded as least once during tlie sitting of the Assembly. Among the lay representatives present who responded to tlie call of their names were tlie following Castlemaine, Mr W. \V. "Wilson; Chewton, Mr Hugh C. Elans; White Hills, Sandhurst, Mr G. F. Walter; the lion. W. H. F. Mitchell for Kyncton, and Mr W. M. Anderson did not answer. The Chinese.— A Bill has been brought In by Mr King nnd Dr Embling to amend tho law affecting Chi nese emigrating to and resident in Victoria. It enacts that—' " I. The 2th section of the Act of Parliament ot Victoria, No. 80. is hereby repealed. II. Every Chinese immigrant residing on any gold-field in Victoria shall pay towards the consolidated revenue of Victoria annu ally tho sum of £2 stcrlirfe, by equal quarterly payments in advance, on the 1st day of March, the lstdav of J line, the 1st day of September, and the 1st dny ol December in each year respectively ; but if any immigrant be desirous of making such payment at once for a whole year, or by two equal half-yearly payments, instead of by four quar terly payments, ami shall signify' such desire to tlie offi cer, appointed to collector receive sueli payment, it shall bo lawful for such officer to receive tlie same ; and such annual payment slinlt bo iu addition 1 o tlie sum by the said Act made payable by or on account of such immi grant for permission ' to cuter iuto the colony of Victo ria." Chief Baron Nicholson.— We have been shown aprivntc letter from Knghmil, written by a private friend or tlie Chief Baron, which slates positively tlmt the court hitherto held in Maiden Lnnc, Strand, is likely to change its veuuc to Melbourne, or in other words, that tho learned judge with his bar and witnesses intend taking up their abode for a short time at the antipodes. Wc hope that the news is true.— jump -eye. 