THE VICTORIAN EXPLORATION EXPEDITION. MEETING OF THE EXPLORATION COM- MITTEE. The Exploration Committee met yesterday afternoon at five o'clock, in the hall of the Royal Society. Sir WILLIAM STAWELL occupied the chair, and said, as everyone was anxious to hear the report of the sub-committee appointed to tran- scribe the diary and notes of their late lamented friends, Messrs. Burke and Wills, he would, without delay, call upon the transcribers. Dr. MUELLER then proceeded to read a tran- script of Mr. Wills's journal of the outward route from Cooper's Creek to the Gulf of Carpentaria. [The journal contained several gaps or blanks, which had been apparently left by Mr. Wills with the intention of filling them up subse- quently. The meteorological and astronomical observations are, however, continuous, and hence the construction of the chart of the route is ren- dered perfectly easy, even for the days of which no actual journal appears. A few marginal notes are added here and there, explanatory of the observations, but are not in the form of a diary. The first or these gaps extends from the 30th December to the 6th January ; the second from the 13th January to the 17th, of which interval there is no record, except meteorological and marginal notes, intended as memoranda, and forming one of the best and clearest portions of the journal for the construction of a map. A third chasm extends from the 19th to the 27th January.] Professor McCOY said it might be as well to observe that the gaps in question could be filled up by the journal of the other members of the expedition. Mr,LIGAR said that it was pretty clear the party had gone one day's journey beyond the last entry in the outward diary, of which King might possibly be able to give some account. The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Wills's diary was perfect as far as it went, but it was not quite complete. Mr. ARCHER next read portions of a tran- script of Mr. Wills's journal of the return route to Cooper's Creek, as well as some memoranda by Mr. Burke of the outward journey. The latter document was of a very fragmentary cha- racter. The reading of the papers occupied several hours. Professor McCOY said that at such an advanced period of the evening, and with materials before them requiring so much consideration, it would scarcely be possible to do more than accord a special and cordial vote of thanks to those gentle- men of the sub-committee for the great pains they had taken in transcribing the journals, and the expedition with which they had effected their important duty. He thought those gentlemen should be requested to continue their responsible charge of the original documents, in case it should at any time be necessary to refer to them, and to take care they should be handled as little as possible by persons not actually requiring them for the purpose of verifying transcriptions, so that, at a future day, such very precious memo- rials, together with the original maps, might be placed under strong plate- glass, and kept as mementoes of the brave men who had compiled them. The sub- committee should take charge of the documents also, until a connected narrative could be constructed from them of the entire expedition from all points of view. He moved, therefore, " That a special and cordial vote of thanks be given to the members of the sub- committee who had acted as transcribers, together with a request that they should continue to take charge of the originals, and to see that they were handled as little as possible by others not actually requiring the use of them." Dr. WILKIE seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Professor McCOY moved a resolution to the effect that Dr. Wilkie be requested to send a tele- graphic despatch as soon as possible to King, the last survivor of the party, requesting his attend- ance in Melbourne without delay. It would not be fair that King should be exposed to the hard- ships of another expedition, and his presence would be most valuable to the committee in giv- ing them fuller and verbal information. Mr. ELLIOTT thought that King should come down in charge of the bodies of Burke and Wills. He was well fitted to do so, being himself a hero like themselves. ( Hear, hear. ) Mr. GILLBEE said he had just received a letter from Dr. Wheeler stating that King was quite recovered and in excellent health and condition, as well as all Mr. Howitt's party, and that King was about to leave for Melbourne immediately. (Hear, hear.) He might shortly be expected. Mr. ELLIOTT begged to inform the committee that a triangular piece of ground, opposite, he be- lieved, to the Model Schools, had already been set apart by the Government as a site for a national monument to Burke and Wills, and that Mr. Nash had also an excellent likeness of Mr. Burke, copies of which would be made by Mr. Osborne's process, and distributed to mem- bers of the committee and others. The CHAIRMAN said that, considering what they had heard of Burke's last wishes, of his having refused to allow his body to be buried, and ordered King to place a pistol in his right hand, in order that his body might be recognised, he could arrive at no other conclusion than that he had died in the hope that this country would honour him. He had done his work in arriving at Cooper's Creek, and it was clear to his (the Chairman's) mind that he meant by his last act to say, " I hope the country will acknowledge my merit, and that my fellow-citizens will respect my remains." He could read his action in no other light, and he considered the country would only be fulfilling his last sacred wishes in bringing his body down to Melbourne, and decreeing him a public funeral. (Hear, hear.) The bring- ing down of the bodies of Burke and Wills should be one of the objects of Mr. Howitt's mission, and the object had already been recognized by a unanimous vote of both sides of the House of Assembly. The only point to be considered was, whether the committee were jus- tified in anticipating the action of the Govern- ment. The motion had been carried, as it were, by acclamation ; but it was a question how far they would be justified in proceeding without consult- ing the Government. After a brief conversation, it was carried, on the motion of Dr. MUELLER, that the meeting should adjourn until 1 p.m. on Thursday (this day), at the Surveyor-General's office, and that a deputation should wait upon the Chief Secretary, at eleven o'clock the same day,) to ascertain how far Mr. Howitt's position could be rendered available for carrying out the intentions of the Government in reference to the bodies of Messrs. Burke and Wills. Before the business terminated, Mr. SELWYN read the report containing the instructions for Mr. Howitt, so far as at present arranged. The report was not for publication. The meeting then closed. The following are the journals and memoranda read at the meeting : WILLS' JOURNAL. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 1. [The omissions in the diary are supplied by the information contained in the maps with the ex- ception of the last two days on the shore of the gulf.] Sunday, Dec. 16,1860.- The two horses having been shod, and our reports finished, we started at forty minutes past six a.m. for Eyre's Creek, the party consisting of Mr. Burke, myself, King, and Charley, having with us six camels, one horse, and three months' provisions. We followed down the creek to the point where the sandstone ranges cross the creek, and were accompanied to that place by Brahe, who would return to take charge of the depot. Down to this point the banks of the creek are very rutted and stony, but there is a tolerable supply of grass and saltbush in the vicinity. A large tribe of blacks came pestering us to go to their camp and have a dance, which we declined. They were very troublesome, and nothing but the threat to shoot them will keep them away; they are, however, easily frightened, and, although fine- looking men, decidedly not of a warlike disposition. They show the greatest in- clination to take whatever they can, but will run no unnecessary risk in so doing. They seldom carry any weapons, except a shield and a large kind of boomerang, which I believe they use for killing rats, &c.; ; sometimes, but very seldom, they have a large spear ; reed spears seem to be quite unknown to them. They are undoubtedly a finer and better looking race of men than the blacks on the Murray and Darling, and more peaceful, but in other respects I be- lieve they did not compare favourably with them, for, from the little we have seen of them, they appear to be mean-spirited and contemptible in every respect. Monday, Dec. 17.-We continued to fol- low down the creek. Found its course very crooked, and the channel frequently dry for a con- siderable distance, and then forming into magnifi- cent waterholes, abounding in waterfowl of all kinds. The country on each side is more open than on the upper part of the creek. The soil on the plains is of a light earthy nature, sup- porting abundance of saltbush and grass. Most of the plains are lightly timbered, and the ground is finer, and not cracked up, like at the head of the creek. Left Camp No. 67 at ten minutes to six a.m., having breakfasted before leaving. We followed the creek along from point to point, a first in a direction W.N.W. for about twelve miles, then about N.W. At about noon we passed the last water, a short distance beyond which the creek runs out on a polygonum (Polygo- num Cunninghami) flat ; but the timber was so large and dense, that it deceived us into the belief that there was a continuation of the channel ; on crossing the polygonum ground to where we expected to find the creek we be- came aware of our mistake. Not thinking it advisable to chance the existence of water ahead we camped at the end of a large but shallow sheet of water in the sandy bed of the creek. The hole was about 150 links broad, and ? feet deep in most places. In most places the tem- perature of the water was almost incredibly high, which induced me to try it in several places. The mean of two on the shady side of the creek gave 97.4deg. As may be imagined, this water tasted disagreeably warm, but we soon cooled some in water-bags, and, thinking that it would be interesting to know what we might call cool, I placed the thermometer in a pannikin containing some that appeared delightfully cool, almost cold in fact ; its temperature was, to our astonishment, 78deg. At half-past six, when a strong wind was blowing from south, and tem- perature of air had fallen to 80deg., the lowest temperature of water in the hose, that had been exposed to the full effect of evaporation for several hours, was 72deg. This water for drinking appeared positively cold - too low a temperature to be pleasant under the circum- stances. A remarkable southerly squall came on between five and six p.m., with every appearance of rain. The sky however soon cleared, but the wind continued to blow in a squally and irregular manner from the same quarter at evening. Wednesday, Dec. 19.- Started at a quarter past eight a.m. Leaving what seemed to be the end of Cooper's Creek, we took a course a little to the north of west, intending to try and obtain water in some of the creeks that Sturt mentioned that he had crossed, and at the same time to see whether they were con- nected with Cooper's Creek, as appeared most probable from the direction in which we found the latter running, and from the manner in which it had been breaking up into small channels flowing across the plains in a N. and N.N.W. direction. We left on our right the flooded flats on which this branch of the creek runs out, and soon came to a series of sand-ridges, the direc- tions of which were between N. ½W. and N.N.W. The country is well grassed, and supports plenty of saltbush. Many of the valleys are liable to be inundated by the overflow of the main creek. They have watercourses and polygonum flats, bordered with box-trees, but we met with no holes fit to hold a supply of water. At about ten miles we crossed a large earthy flat, lightly tim- bered with box and gum. The ground was very bad for travelling on, being much cracked up, and intersected by innumerable channels, which continually carried off the water of a large creek. Some of the valleys beyond this were very pretty, the ground being sound, and covered with fresh plants, which made them look beautifully green. At fifteen miles, we halted where two large plains joined. Our attention had been at- tracted by some red-breasted cockatoos, pigeons, a crow, and several other birds, whose pre- sence made us feel sure that there was water not far off; but our hopes were soon destroyed by finding a claypan just drying up. It contained just sufficient liquid to make the clay boggy. At ten minutes to seven p.m. we moved on, steering straight for Eyre's Creek, N.W. by N., intending to make a good night's journey, and avoid the heat of the day ; but at a mile and a half we came to a creek, which looked so well that we followed it for a short distance, and finding two or three waterholes of good milky water, we camped for the night. This enabled me to secure an observation of the eclipse of Jupiter's I satel- lite, as well as some latitude observations. The night was so calm that I used the water as a horizon, but I find it much more satisfactory to take the mercury, for several reasons. Thursday, Dec. 21 (20 ?). - We did not leave this camp until half-past eight, having delayed to refill the water-bags with the milky water, which all of us found to be a great treat again. It is certainly more pleasant to drink than the clear water, and, at the same time, more satisfying. Our course from here, N.W. by N., took us through some pretty country, lightly timbered and well grassed. We could see the line of creek timber winding through the valley on our left. At a distance of five miles there was a bush-fire on its banks, and beyond it the creek made a considerable bend to the S.W. At two miles further we came in sight of a large lagoon, bearing N. by W., and at three miles more we camped on what would seem the same creek as last night, near where it enters the lagoon. The latter is of great extent, and contains a large quantity of water, which swarms with wildfowl of every description. It is very shallow, but is surrounded by the most pleasing woodland scenery, and everything in the vicinity looks fresh and green. The creek near its junction with the lagoon contains some good water-holes, five to six feet deep. They are found in a sandy alluvium, which is very boggy when wet. There was a large camp of not less than forty or fifty blacks near where we stopped. They brought us presents of fish, for which we gave them some beads and matches. These fish we found to be a most valuable addition to our rations. They were of the same kind as we had found elsewhere, but finer, being nine to ten inches long, and two to three inches deep, and in such good condition that they might have been fried in their own fat. It is a remarkable fact, that these were the first blacks who had offered up any fish since we reached Cooper's Creek. Friday, Dec. 21,- We left Camp 70 at half-past five a.m., and tried to induce one or two of the blacks to go with us, but it was of no use. Keeping our former course, we were pulled up at three miles by a fine lagoon, and then by the creek that flows into it; the latter being full of water, we were obliged to trace it a mile up before we could cross. I observed on its banks two wild plants of the gourd or melon tribe; one much resembling a stunted cucumber, the other, both in leaf and appearance of fruit, was very similar to a small model of a water melon (probably muckia micrantha). The latter plant I also found at Camp 68. On tasting the pulp of the newly found fruit, which was about the size of a large pen, I found it to be so acrid that it was with difficulty that I removed the taste from my mouth. At eight or nine miles from where we crossed the creek we passed another large lagoon, leaving it two miles on our left, and shortly after- wards we saw one nearly as far on our right. This last we should have availed ourselves of, but that we expected to find water in a creek which we could see, by the timber lining its banks, flowed from the lagoon on our left, and crossed our course a few miles ahead. We reached it at a distance of four or five miles further, and found a splendid waterhole, at which we camped. The creek at this point flows in a northerly direction, through a large lightly timbered flat, on which it partially runs out. The ground is, however sound and well clothed with grass and salsola- ceous plants. Up to this point the country through we have passed has been of the finest description for pastoral purposes. The grass and saltbush are everywhere abundant, and water is plentiful with every appearance of permanence. We met with porcupine grass (Triodia pungens, Br.) and only two sand-ridges before reaching Camp 71. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 2. AT. 27DEG. TO 25½DEG. STATIONS 72 TO 78. Saturday, Dec, 22.-At five minutes to five a.m. we left one of the most delightful camps we have had in the journey, and proceeded on the same course as before, N.W. by N., across some high ridges of loose sand, many of which were partially clothed with porcupine grass. We found the ground much worse to travel over than any we have yet met with. As the ridges were exceedingly abrupt and steep on their eastern side, and although sloping gradually towards the west, were so honeycombed in some places by the burrows of rats, that the camels were continually in danger of falling. At a distance of about six miles we descended from these ridges to undulating country of open box forest, where everything was green and fresh. There in an abundance of grass and salt bushes, and lots of birds of all descriptions. Several flocks of pigeons passed over our heads, making for a point a little to our right, where there is no doubt plenty of water, but we did not go off our course to look for it. Beyond the box forest, which kept away to the right, we again entered the sand-ridges, and at a distance of six miles passed close to a dry salt lagoon, the ridges in the vicinity of which are less regular in their form and direction, and con- tain nodules of limestone The ground in the flats and claypans near has that encrusted sur- face that cracks under the pressure of the foot, and is a sure indication of the presence of saline deposits. At a distance of eight miles from the lagoon, we camped at the foot of a sand-ridge, jutting out on the Stony Desert. I was rather disappointed, but not altogether surprised, to find the latter nothing more nor less than the stony rises that we had before met with, only on a larger scale, and not quite so undulating. During the afternoon several crows came to feed on the plain. They came from an E.N.E. direction, no doubt from a portion of the creek that flowed through the forest that we left on our right. In the morning, as we were loading, a duck passed over, but it was too dark to see which way it went. Sunday, Dec. 23,- At five a.m., we struck on across the desert in a W.N.W. direction. At four miles and a-half we crossed a sand-ridge, and then returned to our N.W. by N. course. We found the ground not nearly so bad for travelling on as that between Bulloo and Cooper's Creek in fact, I do not know whether it arose from our exaggerated anticipation of horrors or not but we thought it far from bad travelling ground and as to pasture, it is only the actually stony ground that is bare, and many a sheep run is in fact, worse grazing than that. At fifteen miles we crossed another sand-ridge, for several miles around which there is plenty of grass and fine saltbush. After crossing this ridge, we de- scended to an earthy plain, where the ground was rather heavy, being in some places like pieces of slaked lime, and intersected by small water- courses. Flocks of pigeons rose from amongst the salt bushes and polygonum, but all the creeks were dry, although marked by lines of box timber. Several gunyahs of the blacks were situated near a waterhole that had apparently contained water very lately, and heaps of grass were lying about the plains, from which they had beaten the seeds. We pushed on, hoping to find the creeks as- suming an improved appearance, but they did not, and at one o'clock we halted, intending to travel through part of the night. About sunset three flocks of pigeons passed over us, all going in the same direction, due north by compass, and passing over a ridge of sand in that direction. Not to have taken notice of such an occurrence would have been little short of a sin, so we determined to go eight or ten miles in that di- rection. Starting at seven o'clock p.m., we, at six miles, crossed the ridge over which the birds had flown, and came on a flat subject to in- undation. The ground was at first hard and even, like the bottom of a clay pan, but at a mile or so we came on cracked earthy ground, intersected by numberless small channels running in all directions. At nine miles, we reached the bed of a creek running from east to west ; it was only bordered by polygonum bushes, but as there was no timber visible on the plains, we thought it better to halt until daylight, for fear we would miss the water. At daylight when we had saddled, a small quantity of timber could be seen, at the point of a sand-ridge, about one and a half to two miles to the west of us, and on going there we found a fine creek, with a splendid sheet of water, more than a mile long, and averaging nearly three chains broad ; it is, however, only two or three feet deep in most parts. Monday, Dec. 24.- We took a day of rest on Gray's Creek, to celebrate Christmas. This was doubly pleasant, as we had never in our most sanguine moments anticipated finding such a delightful oasis in the desert. Our camp was really an agreeable place, for we had all the advantages of food and water attending a position on a large creek or river, and were at the same time free of the annoyance of the numberless ants, flies, and mosquitoes that are invariably met with amongst timber or heavy scrub. Tuesday, Dec. 25,- We left Gray's Creek at half-past four a.m., and proceeded to cross the earthy rotten plains in the direction of Eyre's Creek. At a distance of about nine miles, we reached some lines of trees and bushes, which were visible from the top of the sand-ridge at Gray's Creek. We found them growing on the banks of several small creeks, which trend to the N. and N.N.W. At a mile and a-half further we crossed a small creek, N.N.W., and joining the ones above mentioned. This creek contained abundance of water, in small detached holes, from fifty to one hundred links long, well shaded by steep banks and overhanging bushes. The water had a sus- piciously transparent colour, and a slight trace of brackishness, but the latter was scarcely per- ceptible. Near where the creek joined them is a sand-hill, and a dense mass of fine timber. The smoke of a fire indicated the presence of blacks, who soon made their appearance, and followed us for some distance, beckoning us away to the N.E. We, however, continued our course N.W. by N., but, at a distance of a mile and a half, found that the creeks did not come round as we expected, and that the fall of the water was in a direction nearly opposite to our course, or about west to east. We struck off N. ½W. for a high sand ridge, from which we anticipated seeing whether it were worth while for us to fellow the course of the creeks we had crossed. We were suprised to find all the water-courses on the plains trend- ing rather to the south of east ; and at a distance of three miles, after changing our course, and when we approached the sand-hills towards which we had been steering, we were agreeably pulled up by a magnificent creek, coming from the N.N.W., and running in the direction of the fire we had seen. We had now no choice but to change our course again, for we could not have crossed even if we had desired to do so. On fol- lowing up the south bank of the creek, we found it soon keeping a more northerly course than it had where we first struck it. This fact, together with magnitude and general appearance, lessened the probability of its being Eyre's Creek, as seemed at first very likely from their relative positions and directions. The day being very hot, and the camels tired from travelling over the earthy plains, which, by the by, are not nearly so bad as those at the head of Cooper's Creek, we camped at one o'clock p.m., having traced the creek up about five miles, not counting the bends. For the whole of this distance we found not a break or interruption of water, which appears to be very deep. The banks are from twenty to thirty foot above the water, and very steep ; they are clothed near the water's edge with mint and other weeds, and on the top of each side there is a belt of box trees and various shrubs. The lower part of the creek is bounded towards the north by a high red sand-ridge, and on the south side is an extensive plain, intersected by numerous water- courses, which drain off the water in flood time. The greater portion of the plain is at present very bare, but the stalks of dry grass show that after rain or floods there will be a good crop on the harder and well-drained portion, but I believe the loose earthy portion supports no vegetation at anytime. The inclination of the ground from the edge of the creek bank towards the plain is in many places very considerable. This I should take to indicate that the flooding is or has been at one time both frequent and regular. Wednesday, Dec. 26.- We started at five a.m., following up the creek from point to point of the bends. Its general course was at first N. by W., but at about six miles the sand ridge on the west closed in on it, and at this point it takes a turn to the N.N.E. for half-a-mile, and then comes round suddenly N.W. Up to this point, it had been rather improving in appearance than otherwise, but in the bend to the N.W. the channel is very broad, its bed being limestone rock and indurated clay ; is for a space of five or six chains quite dry, then commences another waterhole, the creek keeping a little more towards N. We crossed the creek here, and struck across the plain on a due N. course, for we could see the line of timber coming up to the sand-ridges in that direction, for a distance of seven or eight miles. We did not touch the creek, and the eastern sand-ridge receded to a distance, in some places of nearly three miles, from our line, leaving an immense extent of grassy plain between it and the creek. The distinctly marked feature on the lower part of this creek is, that whenever the main creek is on one side of a plain there is always a fine billybong on the opposite side, each of them almost invariably sticking close to the respective sand-ridges. Before coming to the next bend of the creek, a view from the top of a sand-hill showed me that the creek receives a large tributary from the N.W. at about two miles above where we had crossed it. A fine line of timber, running up to the N.W. joined an extensive tract of box forest, and the branch we were following was lost to view in a similar forest towards the N. The sand-ridge was so abrupt when we came to the creek, that it was necessary to descend into its bed through one of the small ravines adjoining it. We found it partially run out, the bed being sand, and strewed with nodules of lime, some of which were one and a-half to two feet long. They had apparently been formed in the sand-downs by infiltration. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD BOOK NO. 3. LAT. S. 25½DEG. TO 23¾DEG. STATIONS 78 TO 85. Sunday, Dec. 30. - Finding that the creek was trending considerably towards the east, without much likelihood of altering its course, we struck off from it, taking a ten days' supply of water, as there were ranges visible to the north, which had the appearance of being stony. A N.E. by N, course was first taken for about seven miles, in order to avoid them. The whole of this distance was over alluvial earthy plains, the soil of which was firm, but the vegetation scanty. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 4. CAMP 85 TO 90. LAT. 23¾ DEG. TO 22½DEG. FINE COUNTRY-TROPICS, Saturday, Jan. 5.- On leaving Camp 84 we found slight, but distinct indications of rain in the groves, and a few blades of grass and small weeds in the little depressions on the plain. These indications were, however, so slight that but for the fact of our having found surface water in two holes near our camp, we should hardly have noticed them. At a distance of about two miles, in a N.N.E. direction, we came to a creek with a long, broad, shallow waterhole. The well worn paths, the recent tracks of natives, and the heaps of shells, on the contents of which the latter had feasted, showed at once that this creek must be connected with some creek of consider- able importance The camels and horses being greatly need of rest, we only moved up about half a mile, and camped for the day. Sunday, Jan. 6. Started at twenty minutes to six o'clock, intending to make an easy day's stage along the creek. As we proceeded up in a northerly direction, we found the waterhole to diminish in size very much, and at, about two and a-half miles the creek ran out in a lot of small water-courses. At the upper end of the creek we found in its bed what appeared to be an arrangement for catching fish. It consisted of a small oval mud paddock, about 12ft. by 8ft., the sides of which were about nine inches above the bottom of the hole and the top of the fence covered with long grass, so arranged that the ends of the blades overhang scantily by several inches the sides of the hole. As there was no sign of timber to the N. we struck off to N.W. by N. for a fine line of timber that came up from the S.W., and seemed to run parallel with the creek we were about to leave. At a distance of about three miles we reached the bank of a fine creek, and containing a sheet of water two chains broad, at least fifteen foot deep in the middle. The banks are shelving sandy, and lightly clothed with box trees and various shrubs. On starting to cross the plains towards this creek, we were surprised at the bright green appearance of strips of land, which look in the distance like swamps ; on approach- ing some of them found that there had been a considerable fall of rain in some places, which , had raised a fine crop of grass and portulac (portu- laca olcrasca, L,), wherever the soil was of a sandy and light nature, but the amonut of moisture had been insufficient to affect the hard clayey ground, which constitutes the main portion of the plain. The sight of two native companions feeding here, added greatly to the encouraging prospects ; they are the only specimens of that bird that I remember to have seen on that side of the Darling. Monday, Jan. 7.- We started at half-past four a.m. without water, thinking that we might safely rely on this creek for one day's journey. We, however, found the line of timber soon begin to look small ; at three miles the channel contained only a few pools of surface water. We continued across the plains on a due north course, fre- quently crossing small watercourses, which had been filled by the rain, but were fast drying up. Here and there as we proceeded, dense lines of timber on our right showed that the creek came from the east of north. At a distance of thirteen miles we turned to the N.N.E., towards a fine line of timber. We found a creek of consider- able dimensions, that had only two or three small waterholes ; but as there was more than sufficient for us, and very little feed for the beasts any- where else, we camped. I should have liked this camp to have been in a more prominent and easily recognized position, as it happens to be almost exactly on the tropic of Capricorn. The tremendous gale of wind that we had in the evening and night prevented me from taking a latitude observation, whereas I had some good ones at the last camp and at Camp 80. My reckoning cannot be far out. I found on taking out my instruments one of the spare thermo- meters was broken, and the glass of my ane- roid barometer cracked - the latter, I believe not otherwise injured. This was done by the camel having taken it into his head to roll while the pack was on his back. Tuesday, January 8.- Started at a quarter past five a.m., with a load of water, determined to be independent of all creeks and watercourses. At a mile and a-half found surface water in a small creek, and at a mile further water in two or three places on the open plains. The country we crossed for the first ten miles consists of fine open plains of fine argillaceous soil, too stiff and hard to be affected by the small quantity of rain that has fallen as yet. They are subject to inunda- tions from the overflow of a number of small creeks which intersect them in a direction E.N.E. to W.S.W. Nearly all the creeks are lined with box trees and shrubs, in a tolerably healthy state. Of the remains of dead trees, there is only a fair proportion to the living ones. After traversing a plain of greater extent than the rest, we, at ten miles, reached the creek, proportionately large and important looking. The channel, however, at the point where we struck it, was deep, level, and dry, but I believe there is water in it not far off; for there were some red-breasted cockatoos in the trees, and native parrots on each side. On the north side there is a part bearing off to the N.N.W. The mirage on the plain to the south of the creek was stronger than I have before seen it. There appear to be sheets of water within a few yards of one, and it looks suf- ficiently smooth and glassy to be used for an arti- ficial horizon. To the westward of the plains some fine sand-hills were visible nearly in the direction in which the creek flowed. To the north of the creek the country undergoes a great change. At first there is a little earthy land sub- ject to inundation. The soil then becomes more sandy, the stony pans in which water collects after rain ; the whole country is slightly undu- lating, lightly timbered and splendidly grassed. A number of small disconnected creeks are scattered about, many of which contained water, protected from the sun and wind by a luxuriant growth of fine grasses and small bushes. We passed one or two little ridges of sand and pebbles, on whioh were growing some trees quite new to me ; but for the seed pods, I should have taken them for a species of casuarina, although the leaf-stalks have not the jointed peculiarities of those plants. The trunks and branches are like the sheoak, the leaves like those of a pine ; they droop like a willow, and the seed is small, flat, in a large flat pod about six inches by three-quarters of an inch. As we proceeded, the country improved at every step. Flocks of pigeons rose and flew off to the eastward, and fresh plants met our view on every rise ; everything green and luxuriant. The horse licked his lips, and tried all he could to break his nose-string in order to get at the food. We camped at the foot of a sandy rise, where there was a large stony pan with plenty of water, and where the food was equal in quality, and superior as to variety, to any that I have seen in Australia, excepting perhaps on some soils of volcanic origin. Wednesday, Jan. 9.- Started at five minutes past five without water, trusting to get a supply of water from the rain that fell during the thun- derstorm. Traversed six miles of undulating plain covered with vegetation richer than ever, several ducks rose from the little creeks as we passed, and flocks of pigeons were flying in all directions. The riches of the vegetation is evidently not suddenly arising from chance thun- derstorms, for the trees and bushes on the open plain are everywhere healthy and fresh-looking ; very few dead ones are to be seen, besides which the quantity of dead and rotten grass which, at present, almost overgrows in some places the young blades, shows that this is not the first crop of the kind. The grasses are numerous, and many of them unknown to me, but they only constitute a moderate portion of the herbage ; several kinds of spurious vetches and portulac, as well as salsolaceae add to the luxuriance of the vegetation. At seven miles we found ourselves in an open forest country, where the feed was good, but not equal to what we had passed, neither had it been visited by yesterday's rain. We soon emerged again on open plains, but the soil being of a more clayey nature, they were not nearly so much advanced in vegetation as the others. We found surface water in several places, and at one spot disturbed a fine bustard which was feeding in the long grass. We did not see him until he flew up. I should have mentioned that one flew over our camp last evening, in a northerly direction. This speaks well for the country and climate. At noon we came to a large creek, the course of which was from E.N.E. to W.S.W. The sight of white gum trees in the distance had raised hopes which were not at all damped on a close inspection of the channel. At the point where we struck it, there was certainly no great quantity of water ; the bed was broad and sandy, but its whole ap- pearance was that of an important watercourse, and the large gums which line its banks, together with the improved appearance of the soil, and the abundance of feed in the vicinity, satisfied us as to the permanency of the water and the value of the discovery. Although it was so early in the day, and we were anxious to make a good march, yet we camped here, as it seemed to be almost a sin to leave such good quarters. The bed of the creek is loose sand, through which the water freely permeates; it is, however, sufficiently coarse not to be boggy, and animals can approach the water without any difficulty. Thursday, Jan. 10.- At twenty minutes past five a.m., we left our camp with a full supply of water, determined to risk no reverses, and we made a good march. I should mention that last evening we had been nearly deafened by the noise of the cicadae, and but for our large fire should have been kept awake all night by the mosquitoes. A walk of two miles across a well grassed plain brought us to a belt of timber, but we soon afterwards found ourselves pulled up by a large creek, in which the water was broad and deep. We had to follow up the bank of this crook in a N.E. direotion for nearly a mile before we could cross, when to our joy we found that it was flowing, not a muddy stream from the effect of recent floods, but a small rivulet of pure water, as clear as crystal. The bed of the river at this place is deep and rather narrow. The water flows over sand and pebbles, winding its way between clumps of melaleuca and gum saplings. After leaving the river, we kept our old course due north, crossing in a distance of one mile three creeks with gum trees on their banks. The soil of the flats through which they flow is a red loam of fair quality, and well grassed. Beyond the third creek is a large plain, parts of which are very stony ; and this is bounded towards the east by a low stony rise, partly composed of de- cayed and honey-combed quartz rock in situ, and partly of water-worn pebbles and other allu- vial deposits. At about two miles across the plain, we reached the first of a series of small creeks, with deep water-holes. These creeks and holes have the characteristics peculiar to water courses which are found in flats formed from the alluvial deposits of schistose rocks. The banks are on a level with the surrounding ground, and are irregularly marked by small trees or only by tufts of long grass, which overhang the chan- nel, and frequently hide it from one's view even when within a few yards. At about five miles from where we crossed the river, we came to the main creek in these flats, Patten's Creek. It flows along at the foot of a stony range, and we had to trace it up nearly a mile in a N.N.E. direction before we could cross it. As it happened, we might almost as well have fol- lowed its course up the flat, for at a little more than two miles we came to it again. We re- crossed it at a stony place just below a very large waterhole, and then continued our course over extensive plains, not so well grassed as what we had passed before, and very stony in some places. At eight miles from Patten's Creek, we came to another, running from S.W. to S.E. There was plenty of water in it, but it was evidently the re- suit of recent local rains. On the banks was an abundance of good feed, but very little timber. Friday, Jan. 11.- Started at five a.m., and in the excitement of exploring fine well-watered country, forgot all about the eclipse of the sun until the reduced temperature and peculiarly gloomy appearance of the sky drew our attention to the matter. It was then too late to remedy the deficiency, so we made a good day's journey, the moderation of the mid-day heat, which was only about 86deg., greatly assisting us. The country traversed has the most verdant and cheerful aspect; abundance of feed and water everywhere. All the creeks seen to-day have a course more or less to E. by S. The land improves in appear- ance at every mile. A quantity of rain has fallen here and to the south, and some of the flats are suitable for cultivation if the regularity of the seasons will admit. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 5. CAMP 92 to 98. -AT, 22¼DEG. to 21 ¼-DEG STANDISH RANGES. Saturday, Jan. 12.- We started at five a.m., and keeping as nearly as possible a due N. course, traversed for about eight miles a splendid flat, through which flows everal fine well-watered creeks, lined with white gum trees. We then entered a series of slaty low sandstone ranges, amongst which were some well-grassed flats, and plenty of water in the main gullies The more stony portions are, however, covered with porcupine grass, and here and there with mallee. Large ant-hills are very numerous ; they vary in height from two feet and a half to four feet. There was a continuous rise perceptible all the way in crossing the ranges, and from the highest portion, which we reached at a distance of about seven miles, we had a pretty good view of the country towards the north. As far as we could see in the dis- tance, and bearing due north, was a large range, having somewhat the outline of a granite moun- tain. The east end of this range just comes up to the magnetic north ; the left of this, and bearing N.N.W., is a single conical peak, the top of which only is visible. Further to the west there were some broken ranges, apparently sand- stone ; to the east of north the tops of very distant and apparently higher ranges were seen, the outline of which was so indistinct that I can form no idea as to their character. The inter- mediate country below us appeared alternations of fine valleys and stony ranges, such as we had just been crossing. From here a descent of two miles brought us to a creek having a northern courso, but on tracing it down for about a mile we found it turn to the south-east, and join another from the north. We crossed over to the latter on a N. by W. course, and camped on the west bank. It has a broad sandy channel; the water-holes, are large but not deep; the banks are bordered with fine white gums, and are in some places very scrubby. There is abun- dance of rich green feed everywhere in the vicinity. We found numerous indications of blacks having been here, but saw nothing of them. It seems remarkable that where their tracks are so plentiful we should (have seen) none since we left King's Creek. I observed that the natives here climb trees like those on the Murray, &c.;, in search of some animal corresponding in habits to the opossum, which they got out of the hollow branches in a similar manner. I have not yet been able to ascertain what the animal is. Sunday, Jan. 13.- We did not leave camp this morning until half-past seven, having delayed for the purpose of getting the camels' shoes on - a matter in which we were eminently unsuccessful. We took our breakfast before starting, for almost the first timo since leaving the depot. Having crossed the creek, our course was due north as before, until at about six miles we came in sight of the range a-head, when we took a north half east direction, for the purpose of clearing the eastern front of it. We found the ground more sandy than what we had before crossed, and a great deal of it even more richly grassed. Camp 03 is situated at the junction of three sandy creeks, in which there is abundance of water. The sand is loose, and the water permeates freely, so that the latter may be obtained delightfully cool and clear by sinking any where in the beds of the creeks. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 6. LAT. 21¼DEG. TO 20¼DEG. STATIONS 98 TO 105. UPPER PART OF CLON- CURRY. Saturday, Jan. 19.- Started from Camp 98 at half-past five o'olook a.m., and, passing to the north-west of Mount Forbes, across a fine and well grassed plain, kept at first a north by east direc- tion. At a distance of three miles the plains became everywhere stony, being scattered over with quartz pebbles ; and a little further on we came to low quartz ranges, the higher portions of which are covered with porcupine grass, but the valleys are well clothed with a variety of coarse and rank herbage. At about five miles we crossed a creek with a sandy bed, which has been named Green's Creek. There were blacks not far above where we crossed, but we did not dis- turb them. After crossing the creek, we took a due north course, over very rugged quartz ranges of an auriferous character. Pieces of iron ore, very rich, were scattered in great numbers over some of the hills. On our being about to cross one of the branch creeks in the low range, we surprised some blacks - a man, who, with a young fellow, apparently his son, was upon a tree cutting out something, and a lubra with a picaninny. The two former did not see me until I was nearly close to them, and then they were dreadfully frightened. Jumping down from the trees, they started off, shouting what sounded to us very like "Joe, Joe." This disturbed the lubra, who was some distance from them, just then caught sight of the camels and the remainder of the party us they came over the hill into the creek, and this tended to hasten their flight over the stones and porcupine grass. Crossing the range at the head of this creek, we came on a gully running north, down which we proceeded, and soon found it open out into a creek at two or three points, in which we found water. On this creek we found the first specimen of a eucalyptus, which has a very different appearance from the members of the gum-tree race. It grows as high as a good- sized gum-tree, but with the branches less spreading ; in shape it much resembles the elm ; the foliage is dark, like that of the light- wood ; the trunk and branches are covered with a grey bark, resembling in outward appearance that of the box-tree. Finding that the creek was trending too much to the eastward, we struck off to the north again, and at a short distance came on a fine creek running about S.S.E. As it was now about time to camp, we travelled it up for about a mile and a half, and came to a fine waterhole in a rocky basin, at which there were lots of birds. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD BOOK NO 7. LAT. 20¼DeG. TO 19¼DEG. CAMPS 105 TO 112. MIDDLE PART OF CLON- CURRY. Sunday, Jan. 27.-Started from Camp 105, five minutes past two in the morning. We followed along the bends of the creek by moonlight, and found the creek wind about very much, taking on the whole a N.E. course. At about five miles it changed somewhat its features ; from a broad and sandy channel, winding about through gum tree flats, it assumes the unpropitious appearance of a straight narrow creek, running in a N.N.E direction between high perpendicular earthy banks. After running between three or four miles in this manner, it took a turn to the west at which point there is a fine water-hole, and then assumed its original character. Below this we found water at several places ; but it all seemed to be either from surface drainage or from springs in the sand. The land in the vioinity of the creek appears to have received plenty of rain, the vegetation everywhere being green and fresh ; but there is no appearance of the creek having flowed in this part of the channel for a considerable period. Palm trees are numerous, and some bear an abundance of small round dates (nuts) just ripening. Those palms give a most picturesque and pleasant appearance to the creek. Wednesday, Jan. 30.- Started at half-past seven a.m., after several unsuccessful attempt at getting Golah out of the bed of the creek. It was determined to try bringing him down until we could find a place for him to get out at ; but after going in this way two or three miles, it was found necessary to leave him behind, as it was almost impossible to get him through some of the waterholes, and had separated King from the party, which was a matter for very serious con- sideration, when we found blacks hiding in the box-trees close to us. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA, FIELD-BOOK NO. 8. CAMPS 112 119. LAT 19¼DEG TO 17DEg. 53MIN. LOWER PART OF CLONCURRY. RETURNING FROM CARPENTARIA TO COOPER'S CREEK, FIELD-BOOK NO. 9. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY. Finding the ground in such a state from the heavy falls of rain, that the camels could scarcely be got along, it was decided to leave them at Camp 119, and for Mr. Burke and I to proceed towards the sea on foot. After breakfast we accordingly started, taking with us the horse and three days' provisions. Our first difficulty was in crossing Billy's Creek, which we had to do where it enters the river, a few hundred yards below the camp. In getting the horse in here, he got bogged in a quicksand bank so deeply as to be unable to stir, and we only succeeded in extri- cating him by undermining him on the creek side, and then lunging him into the water. Having got all the things in safety, we continued down the river bank, which bent about from east to west, but kept a general north course. A great deal of the land was so soft and rotten, that the horse, with only a saddle and about twenty-five pounds on his back, could scarcely walk over it. At a distance of about five miles we again had him bogged in crossing a small creek, after which he seemed so weak, that we had great doubts about getting him on. We, however, found some better ground close to the water's edge where the sandstone rock runs out, and we stuck to it as far as possible. Finding that the river was bending about so much that we were making very little progress in a northerly direc- tion, we struck off due north, and soon came on some table-land where the soil is shallow and gravelly, and clothed with box and swamp gums. Patches of the land were very boggy, but the main portion was sound enough. Beyond this we came on an open plain, covered with water up to one's ankles. The soil here was a stiff clay, and the surface very uneven, so that between the tufts of grass one was frequently knee-deep in water. The bottom, however, was sound, and no fear of bogging. After floundering through this for several miles, we came to a path formed by the blacks, and there were distinct signs of a recent migration in a southerly direction. By making use of this path, we got on much bet- ter, for the ground was wall trodden and hard. At rather more than a mile, the path entered a forest, through which flowed a nice water- course, and we had not gone far before we found places where the blacks had been camping. The forest was intersected by little pebbly rises on which they had made their fires, and in the sandy ground adjoining some of the former had been digging yams, which seemed to be so numerous that they could afford to leave lots of them about, probably having only selected the very best. We were not so particular, but ate many of those that they had rejected, and found them very good. About half-a-mile further, we came close on a blackfellow, who was cooking by a camp fire, whilst his gin and picaninny were yabbering alonside. We stopped for a short time to take out some of the pistols that were on the horse, and that they might see us before we were so near as to frighten them. Just after we stopped, the black got up to stretch his limbs, and after a few seconds looked in our direction. It was very amusing to see the way in which he stared, standing for some time as if he thought he must be dreaming, and then, having signalled to the others, they dropped on their haunches and shuflled off in the quietest manner possible. Near their fire was a fine hut, the best I have ever seen, built on the same principle as those at Cooper's Creek, but much larger and more com- plete. I should say a dozen blacks might com- fortably coil in it together. It is situated at the end of the forest, towards the north, and looks out on an extensive marsh, which is at times flooded by the sea-water. Hundreds of wild geese, plover, and pelicans, were enjoying themselves in the watercourses on the marsh, all the water on which was too brackish to he drinkable, except some holes that are filled by the stream that flows through the forest. The neighbourhood of this encampment is one of the prettiest we have seen during the journey. Pro- ceeding on our course across the marsh, we came to a channel through which the sea-water enters. Here we passed three blacks, who, as is uni- versally their custom, pointed out to us, un- asked, the best part down. This assisted us greatly, for the ground we were taking was very boggy. We moved slowly down, about three miles, and then camped for the night. The horse Billy being completely baked, next morn- ing we started at daybreak, leaving the horse short-hobbled. We can to-day give only the concluding portion of Mr. Wills's journal of the return from Car- pentaria to Cooper's Creek : Wednesday, April 17.-This morning, about sunrise, Gray died. He had not spoken a word distinctly since his first attack, which was just as we were about to start. Thursday, April 18.-Another creek and native camp were passed. Friday, April 19.- Camped again without water, on the sandy bed of the creek, having been fol- lowed by a lot of natives who were desirous of our company ; but as we preferred camping alone, we were compelled to move on until rather late, in order to get away from them. The night was very cold. A strong breeze was blowing from the 8., which made the fire so irregular that, as on the two previous nights, it was impossible to keep up a fair temperature. Our general course throughout the day had been S.S.E. Saturday, April 20. Sunday, April 21.- Arrived at the depot this evening, just in time to find it deserted. A note left in the plant by Brahe communicates the pleasing information that they have started to- day for the Darling ; their camels and horses all well and in good condition. We and our camels being just done up, and scarcely able to reach the depot, have very little chance of overtaking them. Brahe has fortunately left us ample pro- visions to take us to the bounds of civilization, namely :-Flour, 50lb. ; rice, 20lb. ; oatmeal, 60lb; sugar, 60lb. ; and dried meat. 15lb. Those provisions, together with a few horse-shoes and nails and some odds and ends, constitute all the articles left, and place us in a very awkward position in respect to clothing. Our disappointment at find- ing the depot deserted may easily be imagined ; \- returning in an exhausted state, after four months of the severest travelling and priva- tion, our legs almost paralyzed, so that each of us found it a most trying task only to walk a few yards. Such a leg-bound feeling I never before experienced, and hope I never shall again. The exertion required to get up a slight piece of rising ground, even without any load, induces an indescribable sensation of pain and helplessness, and the general lassitude makes one unfit for anything. Poor Gray must have suffered very much many times when we thought him shamming. It is most fortunate for us that these symptoms, which so early affected him, did not come on us until we were reduced to an exclusively animal diet of such an inferior description as that offered by the flesh of a worn out and exhausted horse. We were not long in getting out the grub that Brahe had left, and we made a good supper off some oatmeal porridge and sugar. This, together with the excitement of finding ourselves in such a peculiar and almost unexpected position, had a wonderful effect in re- moving the stiffness from our legs. Whether it is possible that the vegetables can so have affected us, I know not ; but both Mr. Burke and I re- marked a most decided relief and a strength in the legs greater than we had had for several days. I am inclined to think that but for the abundan co of portulac that we obtained on the journey, we should scarcely have returned to Cooper's Creek at [all]. Memo.--Verbally transcribed from the field books of the late Mr. Wills. Very few words, casually omitted in the author's manuscript, have been added in brackets. A few botanical explanations have been appended. A few sepa- rate general remarks referring to this portion of the diary will be published, together with the meteorological notes to which they are contiguous. No other notes in reference to this portion of the journey are extant. Nov. 5, 1861, FRED. MUELLER. JOURNAL OF TRIP FROM COOPER'S CREEK TOWARDS ADELAIDE. APRIL, 1861. The advance party of the Victorian Exploring Expedition, consisting of Burke, Wills, and King (Gray being dead), having returned from Carpentaria on the 21st April in an exhausted and weak state, and finding that the depot party left at Cooper's Creek had started for the Darling, with their horses and camels fresh and in good condition, deemed it useless to attempt to over- take them, having only two camels, both done up, and being so weak themselves as to be unable to walk more than four or five miles a day. Find- ing also that the provisions left at the depot for them would scarcely take them to Menindie, started down Cooper's Creek for Adelaide, via Mount Hopeless, on the morning of the 23rd April, intending to follow as nearly as possible the route taken by Gregory ; by so doing they hope to be able to recruit themselves and the camels, whilst sauntering slowly down the creek, and to have sufficient provisions left to take them comfortably, or at least without risk, to some station in South Australia. Their equipment consists of the following articles : -Flour, 50lb. ; sugar, 601b. ; rice, 201b. ; oatmeal. 60lb. ; jerked meat, 25lb, ; ginger, 2;b. ; salt, 1lb. (Then follow some native words, with their meanings). Tuesday, April 23.- From Depot.- Having col- lected together all the odds and ends that seemed likely to be of use to us, in addition to provisions left in the plant, we started at a quarter past nine a.m., keeping down the southern bank of the creek. We only went about five miles, and camped at half past eleven on a billibong, where the feed was pretty good. We find the change of diet already making a great improvement in our spirits and strength. The weather is delight- ful, days agreeably warm, but the nights very chilly. The latter is more noticeable from our deficiency in clothing, the depot party having taken all the reserve things back with them to the Darling. To Camp No. 1. Wednesday, April 24.-From Camp No. 1.- As we were about to start this morning some blacks came by, from whom we were fortunate enough to get about twelve pounds of fish for a few pieces of straps and some matches, &c.; This is a great treat for us, as well as a valuable addition to our rations. We started at a quarter past eight p.m. on our way down the creek, the blacks going in the opposite direction - little thinking that in a few miles they would be able to get lots of pieces for nothing, better than those they had obtained from us. To Camp No. 2. Thursday, April 25.- From Camp No. 2. Awoke at five o'clock, after a most refreshing night's rest. The sky was beautifully clear and the air rather chilly. The terrestrial radiation seems to have been considerable, and a slight dew had fallen. We had scarcely finished break- fast when our friends the blacks, from whom we obtained the fish, made their appearance with a few more, and seemed inclined to go with us and keep up the supply. We gave them some sugar, with which they were greatly pleased. They are by far the most well-behaved blacks we have seen on Cooper's Creek. We did not get away from the camp until half-past nine a.m., continuing our course down the most southern branch of the creek, which keeps a general S.W. course. We passed across the stony point which abuts on one of the largest waterholes in the creek, and camped at half past twelve about a mile below the most dangerous part of the rocky path. At this latter place we had an accident that might have resulted badly for us. One of the camels fell while crossing the worst part, but we for- * The dicscorea of Carpentaria. tunately got him out with only a few cuts and bruises. The waterhole at this camp is a very fine one, being (to Camp No. 3) several miles long and on the average about chains broad. The waterfowl are numerous, but rather shy - not nearly so much so, however, as those on the creeks between here and Carpen- taria, and I am convinced the shyness of the latter, which was also remarked by Sturt on his trip to Eyre's Creek, arises entirely from the scarcity of animals, both human and otherwise, and not from any peculiar mode of catching them that the blacks may have. Friday, April 26.-From Camp No. 3.- Last night was beautifully calm, and comparatively warm, although the sky was very clear. Re- loaded the camels by moonlight this morning, and started at a quarter to six. Striking off to the south of the creek, we soon got on a native path, which leaves the creek just below the stony ground, and takes a course nearly west across a piece of open country, bounded on the south by sand-ridges, and on the north by the scrubby ground which flanks the bank of the creek at this part of its course. Leaving the path on the right at a distance of three miles, we turned up a small creek which passes down between some sand-hills ; and finding a nice patch of feed for the camels at a waterhole, we halted after fifteen minutes past seven for breakfast. We started again at fifty minutes past nine a.m. Continuing our westerly course along the path, we crossed to the S. of the watercourse above the water, and proceeded over the most splendid saltbush country that one could wish to see, bounded on the left by sand-hills, whilst to the right the peculiar-looking flat-topped sandstone ranges form an extensive amphitheatre, through the far side of the arena of which may be traced the dark line of creek timber. At twelve o'clock we camped in the bed of the creek, at Camp No. , our last camp on the road down from the Gulf, having taken four days to do what we then did in one. This comparative rest, and the change in diet, have also worked wonders, how- ever ; the leg-tied feeling is now entirely gone, and I believe that in less than a week we shall be fit to undergo any fatigue whatever. The camels are improving, and seem capable of doing all that we are likely to require of them. To Camp No. 4. Saturday, April 27.- First part of night clear, with a light breeze from S. Temperature at midnight 10 deg. (Reaumur) ; towards morning there were a few cir. cum, clouds passing over N.E. to S.W., but these disappeared before daylight ; at five a.m. the temperature was 7.5 deg. (Reau- mur). We started at six o'clock, and, following the native path, which at about a mile from our camp takes a southerly direction, we soon came to the high sandy alluvial deposit, which separates the creek at this point from the stony rises. Here we struck off from the path, keeping well to the S. of the creek, in order that we might mess in a branch of it that took a southerly direction. At twenty minutes past nine we came in on the creek again where it runs due south, and halted for breakfast at a fine waterhole, with fine fresh feed for the camels. Here we remained until noon, when we moved on again, and camped at one o'clock on a general course ; having been throughout the morning S.W. eight miles. The weather is most agreeable and pleasant; nothing could be more favourable for us up to the pre- sent time. The temperature in the shade at half past ten a.m. was 17.5 (Reaumur), with a light breeze from S., and a few small cir. cum. clouds towards the N. I greatly feel the want of more instruments, the only things I have left being my watch, prism compass, pocket compass, and one thermometer (Reaumur), To Camp No. 6. Sunday, April 28.-From Camp No. 6.-Morn- ing fine and calm, but rather chilly. Started at a quarter to five a.m., following down the bed of a creek in a westerly direction, by moonlight. Our stage was, however, very short, for about a mile one of the camels (Landa) got bogged by the side of a waterhole, and although we tried every means in our power, we found it impossible to get him out. All the ground beneath the surface was a bottomless quicksand, through which the beast sank too rapidly for us to get bushes or timber fairly beneath him, and being of a very sluggish stupid nature, he could never be got to make sufficiently strenuous efforts towards ex- tricating himself. In the evening, as a last chance, we let the water in from the creek, so as to buoy him up and at the same time soften the ground about his legs, but it was of no avail. The brute lay quietly in it as if he quite enjoyed his position. To Camp No. 6. Monday, April 20.-From Camp No. 6.- Find- ing Landa still in the hole, we made a few attempts at extricating him, and then shot him ; and after breakfast commenced cutting off what flesh we could get at, for jerking. Tuesday, April 30.-Camp No. 6.-Remained here to-day for the purpose of drying the meat, for which process the weather is not very favour- able. (Meteorological note follows.) Wednesday, May 1.- From Camp No. 6. - Started at twenty minutes to nine, having loaded our only camel, Rajah, with the most necessary and useful articles, and packed up a small swag each of bedding and clothing for our own shoulders. We kept on the right bank of the creek for about a mile, and then crossed over at a native camp to the left, where we got on a path running due west, the creek having turned to the N. Following the path, we crossed an open plain, and then sand-ridges, whence we saw the creek straight ahead of us, running nearly S. again. The path took us to the southernmost point of the bend, in a distance of about two and a-half miles from where we had crossed the creek, thereby saving us from three to four miles, as it cannot be less than six miles round by the creek. To Camp No. 7. Thursday, May 2.-Camp No. 7.-Breakfasted by moonlight, and started at half- past six. Fol- lowing down the left bank of the creek in a westerly direction, we came, at a distance of six miles, on a lot of natives, who were camped on the bed of a creek. They seemed to have just breakfasted, and were most liberal in the presentations of fish and cake. We could only return the compliment by some fish-hooks and sugar. About a mile further on, we came to a separation of the creek, where what looked like the main branch looked towards the south. This channel we followed, not, however, without some misgivings as to its character, which were soon increased by the small and unfavourable appear- ance that the creek assumed. On our continuing along it a little further, it began to improve, and widened out, with fine waterholes of considerable depth. The banka were very steep, and a belt of scrub lined it on either side. This made it very inconvenient for travelling, especially as the bed of the creek was full of water for considerable distances. At eleven a.m., we halted until half past one p.m., and then moved on again, taking a S.S.W. course for about two miles, when, at the end of a very long waterhole, it breaks into billibongs, which continue splitting into sandy channels until they are all lost in the earthy soil of a box forest. Seeing little chance of water ahead, we turned back to the end of the long water- hole, and camped for the night. On our way back, Rajah showed signs of being done up. He had been trembling greatly all the morning. On this account his load was further lightened to the amount of a few pounds, by the doing away with the sugar, ginger, tea, cocoa, and two or three tin-plates. To camp No. 8. Friday, May 3.- Camp No. 8.- Started at seven a.m., striking off in a northerly direction for the main creek. At a mile and a-half came to the a branch which (left unfinished.) To camp No. 9 Saturday, May 4,- Junction from Camp No. 9.- Night and morning very cold. Sky clear, almost calm ; occasionally a light breath of air from south. Rajah appears to feel the cold very much. He was so stiff this morning as to be scarcely able to get up with his load. Started to return down the creek at 6.45, and halted for breakfast at nine a.m., at the same spot as we breakfasted at yesterday. Proceeding from there down the creek, we soon found a repetition of the features that were exhibited by the creek examined on Thursday. At a mile and a half we came to the last water-hole, and below that the channel became more sandy and shallow, and continued to send off billibongs to the south and west, slightly changing its course each time until it disappeared altogether in a north-westerly direction. Leaving King with he camel, we went on a mile or two to see if we could find water, and being unsuccessful, we were obliged to return to where we had breakfasted, as being the best place for feed and water. Sunday, May 5.- To Camp No. 10,- Started by myself to reconnoitre the country in a southerly direction, leaving Mr. Burke a King with the camel at Camp No. 10. Travelled S.W. by S. for two hours, following the course of the most southerly billibongs. Found the earthy soil becoming more loose and crocked up, and the box-track gradually disappearing. Changed course to west, for a high sand-ridge, which I reached in one hour and a half, and continuing the same direction to one still higher obtained from it a good view of the surrounding country To the north were the extensive box forests bounding the creek on either side To the east earthy plains intersected by water-courses and lines of timber, and bounded in the distance by sand-ridges. To the south the projection of the sand-ridge partially intercepted the view: the rest was composed of earthy plains, apparently clothed with chrysanthemums. To the westward, another but smaller plain was bounded also by high sand ridges, running nearly parallel with the one on which I was standing. This dreary prospect offering no encouragement for me to proceed, I returned to Camp 10 by a more direct and better route than I had come, passing over some good saltbush land which borders on the billibongs to the westward. (Here follow some meteorological notes.) Monday, May 6.- From Camp No. 10 back to Camp No. 9. - Moved up the creek again to Camp No. 9, at the junction, to breakfast and remained the day there. The present state of things is not calculated to raise our spirits much. The rations are rapidly diminishing ; our clothes \- especially the boots, are all going to pieces, and we have not the materials for repairing them properly; the camel is completely done up, and can scarcely get along, although he has the best of feed, and is resting half his time. I suppose this will end in our having to live like the blacks for a few months. Tuesday, May 7.- Camp No. 9. - Breakfasted at daylight, but when about to start, found that the camel would not rise, even without any load on his back. After making every attempt to get him up, we were obliged to leave him to himself. Mr. Burke and I started down the creek to reconnoitre. At about eleven miles we came to some blacks fishing. They gave us some half-a-dozen fish each for luncheon, and intimated that if we would go to their camp, we should have some more, and some bread. I tore in two a piece of macintosh stuff that I had, and Mr. Burke gave one piece, and I the other. We then went onto their camp, about three miles further. They had caught a considerable quantity of fish but most of them were small. I noticed three 'different kinds - a small one that they call "oupi," five to six inches long, and not broader than an eel ; the common one, with large coarse scales, termed "peru;" and a delicious fish, some of which run from a pound to two pounds weight. The natives call them "cawilchi," On our arrival at the camp, they led us to a spot to camp on, and soon afterwards brought a lot of fish and bread, which they call nardoo. The lighting a fire with matches delights them, but they do not care about having them. In the evening, various membors of the tribe came down with lumps of nardoo and hand- fuls of fish, until we were positively unable to eat any more. They also gave us some stuff they call bedgery, or pedgery. It has a highly in- toxicating effect, when chewed even in small quantities. It appears to be the dried stems and leaves of some shrub. Wednesday, May 8.- Left the blacks' camp at half-past seven, Mr. Burke returning to the junc- tion, whilst I proceeded to trace down the creek. This I found a shorter task than I had expected, for it soon showed signs of running out, and at the same time kept considerably to the north of west. There were several fine waterholes within about four miles of the camp I had left, but not a drop all the way beyond that, a distance of seven miles. Finding that the creek turned greatly towards the north, I returned to the blacks' en- campment ; and, as I was about to pass, they in- vited me to stay. So I did so, and was even more hospitably entertained than before, being on this occasion offered a share of a gunyah, and supplied with plenty of fish and nardoo, as well as a couple of nice fat rats. The latter I found most delicious. They were baked in the skins. Last night was clear and calm, but unusually warm. We slept by a fire, just in front of the blacks' camp. They were very attentive in bringing us firewood, and keeping the fire up during the night. Thursday, May 9.- Parted from my friends, the blacks, at half-past seven, and started for Camp No. 9. Friday, May 10.-Camp No. 9.- Mr. Burke and King employed in jerking the camel's flesh, while I went out to look for the nardoo seed, for making bread. In this I was unsuccessful, not being able to find a single tree of it in the neighbourhood of the camp. I however tried boiling the large ind of bean which the blacks call padlu ; they boil easily, and when shelled are very sweet, much resembling in taste the French chesnut. They are to be found in large quantities nearly every- where. Saturday, May 11.- Camp No. 9.-To day Mr. Burke and King started down the creek for the blacks' camp, determined to ascertain all parti- culars about the nardoo. I have now my turn at the meat jerking, and must devise some means for trapping the birds and rats, which is a plea- sant prospect after out dashing trip to Carpen- taria, having to hang about Cooper's Creek, living like the blacks. Sunday, May 12.-Mr. Burke and King re- turned this morning, having been unsuccessful in their search for the blacks, who, it seems, have moved over to the other branch of the creek.. Decided on moving out on the main creek to- morrow, and then trying to find the natives of the creek. Monday, May 13.- Shifted some of the things, and brought them back again, Mr. Burke think- ing it better for one to remain here with them for a few days, so as to eat the remains of the fresh meat, whilst the others went in search of the blacks and nardoo. Tuesday, May 14.- Mr. Burke and King gone up the creek to look for blacks, with four days' provisions. Self employed in preparing for a final start on their return. This evening Mr. Burke and King returned, having been some considerable distance up the creek, and found no blacks. It is now settled that we plant the things, and all start together the day after to= morrow. The weather continues very fine ; the jitgli's culm, clear, and cold, and the days clour, with a breeza generally from S., but to-day rrora B., fora change. This makes the first part of tho oiiy rather cold. When clouds appear they invar moly move from W. to E. Wednesday, May 15.-Camp 9.-Planting the thing-, and preparing to leave the creek for Mount Hopeless. .hmhdny, Moy 16.-Having completed our planting, &c;, starlod up the croek to the sec )nd -lucks' camp, a distance of about eight miles, Uindtiir* our loads rather too heavy, we made .a small [ilant hire of such articles as could best bi spared. (Here follow a few meteorological notes.] Fiiday, May 17.-Nardoo.-Started tbismorniag on a hincks' path,, leaving the creek on our left, our iuteiitiun being to keep a south-easterly .direction until we should cut some likely-looki'ii [creek, and then to followit down. On approach- ing the foot of the first sand-hill King cau?hl 'sight in the flat of some nardoo seeds, and w¿ soou fouud that tho flat was covered with them, This di-covery caused somewhat of a revolution > in our feelings, for we considered that with t\e knon ledge of this plant we were in a position to support ourselves, even if we wero destined t] remain on the oreek and wait for assistance from totui. CruRsing some sand- ridges running NT. and -., we «truck into a creek which runs out ol Coopf r'u Oretk, and followed it down. At aboul fivo mil«» we came to a large waterhole, beyond whiuh the watercourse runs out on oxtensiví flats and t'strthy plains. Calm night ; Bky clearec towards morning, and it became very cold. & slight easterly breeze sprang up at sunrise, bu soon (tied away again. The sky again beo-tni overcast, and remained so throughout the day Theie was occasionally a light breeze from south but dilling the greater portion of the day it wa quite calm. Fine halo around the sun in th afternoon. ^Saturday, May l8-Camp No. 16.-(Noentri except the following meteorological ontry on ai oppoMto pa¡;e, which may probably refer to thi dale.) Calm night, sky sometimes clear an some t! ni us partially overcast with veil clouds. Suin..iy, May 19.-(No entry bejond this oita tion of date.) Mond iy. May 20.-(No entry beyond this cita tion of date.) Tuesday, May 21.-Creek. (No ontry beyon this citation of dato.) Wednesday, May 22.-Cooper's Creek. (N entry beyond citation of date.) Thuisduy. May 23.-(No entry beyond thi citation of unte.) Friday, May 24.-Started with King to oele btatft the Queen's bnthday by fetohiug fron Nardoo Oreek what is now to us the staff of life lUturned at a little after two p.m , with a /ai supply, but find tho collecting of the seed slower and moro troublesome process than coul * bo deaiied. Whilst picking the seed, abau eleven o'clock a.m., both of us heard distinotl the noise of an explosion, as if of a gun, at som cousidui-ule distance. We supposed it to hav been a shot fired by Mr. Burke ; but on returnin ' to the camp found that he had not fired nor ha heard the noi»o. The sky was partially overeat with high cuni. str. clouds, and a light breez blew from the eaBt, but nothing to indicate lhund-istorm in any direction. Satuniaj, May 23,-(No entry beyond this.) Simcmy, May 20- (No entry bsyond this.) Monday, May 27.-Started up the oreek thi mornifg for tho depot, in oider to deposi journal* and a record of the state of affairs herí On rt'i'chmg the sand-hillB below where Land was bt>j.'gtd f passed some blacks on a flat oo! t lecting nitrdoo seed. Never saw such au abur dance of the seed before. Tho ground in Bom parts w¿s quito black with it. Thoro were ont ltwo or threo gins and childi on, and thoy directo me on, «is if to their camp, in the direction I wa before going ; but I had not gone far over th first sand-hill when I was overtaken by abou , twenty bbchs, bent on taking mo back to thai camp, and promising any quantity of nardoo an -th. On my going with them, one carried th shovel, and another insisted on taking ray swat ¡ in such a friendly manner that I oould not refus thfm. They ware greatly amused with th 'vaiious little things I had with me. In the evei ing they suppliod me with abundance of nardc and fish ; and ono of the old men, Poko Tmnainir; shared his gunyah with mo. . . . The nigl was veiy cold, but, by the help of soveral fires [_he uitrj i 'i'i'lenly Btops, but in tho margin r. theoppcisi'e page are written the names of sev¡ íalnatuii, »rid certain native words, with the roeain-"i «ï Uiwlinh.] Tue-'"i ,., M iy 28.-Left the blacks' camp, an procu oeil up the creek. Obtained some musso near rvln-rj landa died, and halted for brnakfas Still {.)< 1 vc y unwell from tho {.filets of the coi 1 «tinal'iim o! the bowels. Tho stools are exceai 1 ingly jiiDiful. After breakfast, travelled on I ',ouv time1 curp coming down. Ptty to Blow (it'o. ) « Wednesday, May 29. - Started at sev« o'oloci . and «lent on to the ducfc- holos, whei wo b)_akfftst-d owning down. Halted the. 'at ti>!)ty i-.mite» past nine for a feed, an ?then niov-d on. At the stones saw a lot < íc'rowi. quarnlling about something near ti water.' found it to be a largo fish, of which the "¿ad cuten ¡v enm-iderablu portion. Finding t quito fra'h and good, I decided tho quarrel li taking i'. "ith m". It proved a most v_lu_hl addition to an otherwise scanty supper of nardoo porridge. This evening I camped very co- fortably in a mia-mia, about eleven miles from the depot. The night was very cold, although not entirely cloudless. A brisk easterly breeze sprang up in the morning, and blew freshly all day. In the evening the sky clouded in, and there were one or two slight showers, but nothing to wet the ground. Thursday, May 30.- Reached the depot this morning, at eleven o'clock. No traces of any one except blacks having been here since we left. Deposited some journals, and a notice of our present condition. Started back in the afternoon, and camped at the first waterhole. Last night being cloudy, was unusually warm and pleasant. Friday, May 31.- Decamped at thirty minutes past seven, having first breakfasted. Passed be- tween the sand-hills at nine, and reached the blanket mia-mias at twenty minutes to eleven ; from there proceeded on to the rocks, where I arrived at half-past one, having delayed about half-an-hour on the road in gathering some por- tulac. It had been a fine morning, but the sky now became overcast, and threatened to set in for a steady rain ; and as I felt very weak and tired I only moved on about a mile further, and I camped in a sheltered gully, under some bushes. Night clear and very cold. No wind. Toward morning sky became slightly overcast with cirr. str. clouds. Saturday, June 1.- Started at a quarter to eight a.m. Passed the duck holes at ten a.m., and my second camp up at two p.m., having rested in the meantime about forty- five minutes. Thought to have reached the blacks' camp, or at least where Landa was bogged, but found myself altogether too weak and exhausted ; in fact, had extreme difficulty in getting across the numerous little gullies, and was at last obliged to camp, from sheer fatigue. Night ultimately clear and cloudy, with occasional showers. Sunday, June 2. -Started at half-past six, thinking to breakfast at the blacks' camp, below Landa's grave ; found myself very much fagged, and did not arrive at their camp until ten a.m., and then found myself disappointed as to a good breakfast, the camp being deserted. Having rested awhile, and eaten a few fish-bones, I moved down the creek, hoping by a late march to be able to reach our own camp, but I soon found, from my extreme weakness, that that would be out of the question. A certain amount of good luck, however, still stuck to me, for, on going along by a large waterhole, I was so fortu- nato as to find a large fish, about a pound and a-half in weight, which was just being choked by another which it had tried to swallow, but which had stuck in its throat. I soon had a fire lit, and both of the fish cooked and eaten. The largo one was in good condition. Moving on again after my late breakfast, I passed Camp 67 of the Journey to Carpentaria, and camped for the night under some polygonum bushes. Monday, June 3.- Started at seven o'olook, and, keeping on the south bank of the creek, was rather encouraged, at about three miles, by the sound of numerous crows a-head ; presently fancied I could see smoke, and was shortly after- wards put at my ease by hearing a cooey from Pitchery, who stood on the opposite bank, and directed me around the lower end of the water- hole, continually repeating his assurance of abundance of fish and bread. Having with some considerable difficulty managed to ascend the sandy path that led to the camp, I was conducted by the chief to a fire, where a large pile of fish were just being cooked in the most approved slyle. These I imagined to be for the general consumption of the half a dozen natives gathered around, but it turned out that they had already had their breakfast. I was expected to dispose of this lot - a task which, to my own astonish- ment, I soon accomplished, keeping two or three blacks pretty steadily at work extracting thee bones for me. The fish being disnosed of, next came a supply of nardoo cake and water, until I was so full as to be unable to eat any more, when Pitchery allowing me a short time to re- cover myself, fetched a large bowl of the raw nardoo flour, mixed to a thin paste - a most in- sinuating article, and one that they appear to esteem a great delicacy. I was then invited to stop the night there, but this I declined, and proceeded on my way home. Tuesday, June 4.-Started for the blacks camp, intending to test the practicability of living with them, and to see what I could learn as to their ways and manners. Wednesday, June 5. - Remained with the blacks. Light rain during the greater part of the night, and more or less throughout the day in showers. Wind blowing in squalls from S. Thursday, June 6 - Returned to our own camp, found that Mr. Burke and King had been well supplied with fish by the blacks. Made pre- paration for shifting our camp nearer to theirs on the morrow. Friday, June 7.-Started in the afternoon for the blacks' camp with such things as we could take found ourselves all very weak, in spite of the abundant supply of fish that we have lately had. I myself could scarcely got along, although carrying the lightest swag - only about thirty pounds. Found that the blacks had decaped, so determined on proceeding to-morrow up to the next camp, near the nardoo field. Saturday, June 8.- With the greatest fatigue and difficulty we reached the nardoo camp. No blacks, greatly to our disappointment. Took possession of their best mia mia, and rested for the remainder of the day. Sunday, June 9,- King and I proceeded to collect nardoo, leaving Mr Burke at home, Monday, June 10.-Mr. Burke and King col- lecting nardoo ; self at home, too weak to go out. Was fortunate enough to shoot a crow. [Here follow some meteorological notes, which appear to relate to another period.] Tuesday, June 11.- King out for nardoo. Mr. Burke up the creek to look for the blacks. Wednesday, June 12.- King out collecting nardoo. Mr. Burke and I at home, pounding and cleaning. I still feel myself, if anything, weaker in the legs, although the nardoo appears to be more thoroughly (?) digested. Thursday, June 13. -Last night the sky was pretty clear, and the air rather cold, but nearly calm ; a few cir.-st. hung about the N.E. horizon during the first part of the night. Mr. Burke and King out for nardoo. Self weaker than ever, scarcely able to go to the water hole for water. Towards afternoon cir.-oum, and cir.-st. began to appear, moving northward, scarcely any wind all day. Friday, June 14.- Night alternately clear and cloudy, cir.-cum. and cum.-st. moving north- wards; no wind, beautfully mild for the time of year; in the morning some heavy clouds on the horizon. King out for nardoo ; brought in a good nupply. Mr. Burke and I at home, pounding and cleaning seed. I feel weaker than ever, and both Mr. B. and King are beginning to feel very unsteady in the legs. Saturday, June 15.- Night clear, calm, and cold ; morning very fine, with a light breath of air from N.E. King out for nardoo ; brought in a fine supply. Mr. Burke and I pounding and cleaning. He finds himself getting very weak, and I am not a bit stronger. I have determined on beginning to chew tobacco and eat less nardoo, in hopes that it may induce some change in the system. I have never yet recovered from the effects of the constipation, and the passage of the stools is always exceedingly painful. Sunday, June 16.- Wind shifted to N., clouds moving from W. to E. ; thunder audible two or three times to the southward ; sky becoming densely overcast, with an occasional shower about nine a.m. We finished up the remains of the Rajah for dinner yesterday. King was fortunate enough to shoot a crow this morning. The rain kept all hands in pounding and cleaning seed during the morning. The weather cleared up towards the middle of the day, and a brisk breeze sprang up in the south, lasting till near sunset, but rather irregular in its force. Distant thunder was audible to westward and southward frequently during the afternoon. Monday, June 17.-Night very boisterous and stormy. Northerly wind blowing in squalls, and heavy showers of rain, with thunder in the north, and west. Heavy clouds moving rapidly from north to south; gradually clearing up during the morning, the wind continuing squally during the day from W. and N.W. King out in the after- noon for nardoo. Tuesday, June 18,-Exceedingly cold night. sky clear, slight breeze, very chilly, and change- able ; very heavy dew. After sunrise, cir.-st, clouds began to pass over from west to east, gra- dually becoming more dense, and assuming the form of cum. st. The sky cleared, and it became warmer towards noon. Wednesday, June 19.- Night calm; sky during first part overcast with cir.-cum. clouds, most of which cleared away towards morning, leaving the air much colder, but the sky remained more or less hazy all night, and it was not nearly as cold as last night. About eight o'clock a strong southerly wind sprung up, which enabled King to blow the dust out of our nardoo seeds, but made me too weak to render him any assist- ance. Thursday, June 20.- Night and morning very cold, sky clear. I am completely reduced by the effects of the cold and starvation. King gone out for nardoo. Mr. Burke at home pounding seed; he finds himsolf getting very weak in the legs. King holds out by for the best; the food seems to agree with him pretty well. Finding the sun come out pretty warm towards noon, I took a sponging all over, but it seemed to do little good beyond the cleaning effects, for my weakness is so great that I could not do it with proper expedi- tion. I cannot understand this nardoo at all ; it certainly will not agree with me in any form. We are now reduced to it alone, and we manage to get from four to five pounds per day between us. The stools it causes are enormous, and seem greatly to exceed the quantity of bread consumed, and is very slightly altered in appearance from what it was when eaten. Friday, June 21.- Last night was cold and clear, winding up with a strong wind from N.E. in the morning. I feel much weaker than ever, and can scarcely crawl out of the mia-mia. Un- less relief comes in some form or other, I cannot possibly last more than a fortnight. It is a great consolation, at least, in this position of ours, to know that we have done all we could, and that our deaths will rather be the result of the mis- management of others than of any rash acts of our own. Had we come to grief elsewhere, we could only have blamed ourselves ; but here we are, returned to Cooper's Creek, where we had every reason to look for provisions and clothing ; and yet we have to die of starvation, in spite of the explicit instructions given by Mr. Burke, that the depot party should await our return, and the strong recommendation to the com- ittee that we should be followed up by a party from Menindie. About noon a change of wind took place, and it blew almost as hard from the west as it did previously from the E. A few clr. cum. continued to pass over towards east. Saturday, Juno 22.-Night cloudy and warm Every appearanco of ram. Thunder onoo or twice during tho night. Clouds moving in an easterly direction. Lower atmosphere perfectly calm. There were a few drops of rain during the night, and in the morning, about nine a.m., there was every prospect of more rain until towards noon, whon the sky cleared up for a time. Mr. Burke and King out for nardoo. The former re- turned much fatigued. I am so weak to-day as to be unable to get on my feet. Sunday, June 23.-All hands at home. I am so weak as to be incapable of crawling out of the mia-mia. King holds out well, but Mr. Burke finds himself weaker every day. Monday, June 24.- A fearful night. At about an hour before sunset, a southerly gale sprung up and continued throughout the greater portion of the night ; the cold was intonse, and it seemed as if one would be shrivelled up. Towards morn- ing, it fortunately lulled a little, but a strong cold breeze continued till near sunset, after which it became perfectly calm. King went out for nardoo, in spite of the wind, and came in with a good load, but he himself terribly cut up. He says that he can no longer keep up the work, and as he and Mr. Burke are both getting rapidly weaker, we have but a slight chance of anything but starvation, unless we can get hold of some blacks. Tuesday, June 23 (sic) - Night calm, clear, and intensely cold, especially towards morning. Near daybreak, King reported seeing a moon in the E , with a haze of light stretching up from it, he declared it to be quite as large as the moon, and not dim (sic) at the edges. I am so weak that any attempt to get a sight of it was out of the question, but I think it must have been Venus in the zodiacal light that he saw, with a corona around her. Mr Burke and King remain at home cleaning and pounding seed. They are both getting weaker every day. The cold plays the deuce with us, from the small amount of clothing we have. My wardrobe consists of a wide-a-awake, a merino shirt, a regatta shirt without sleeves, the remains of a pair of flannel trousers, two pans of socks in rags, and a waist- coat of which! have managed to keep the pockets together. The others are no better off. Besides these we have between us for bedding, two small camel pads, some horsehair, two or three little bits of a rag, and pieces of oilcloth saved from the fire. The day turned out nice and warm. Wednesday, June 24 (sic) - Calm night ; sky overcast with hazy cum strat. clouds. An easterly breeze sprang up towards morning, making the air much colder. After sunrise there were indications of a clearing up of the sky, but it soon clouded in again, the upper current con- tinuing to move in an easterly direction, whilst a breeze from the E and N L blew pretty regu- larly throughout the day. Mr Burke and King are preparing to go up the creek in search of the blacks. They will leave me some nardoo, wood and water, with which I must do the best I can until they return. I think this is almost our only chance. I feel myself, if anything, rather better, but I cannot say stronger. The nardoo is beginning to agree better with me , but without some change I see little chance for any of us. They have both shown great hesitation and re- luctance with regard to leaving me and have re- peatedly desired my candid opinion in the matter. I could only repeat, however, that I considered it our only chance, for I could not last long on the nardoo, even if a supply could be kept up. Thursday, June 23 (sic) - Cloudy, calm, and comparatively warm night, clouds almost sta- tionery (sic). In the morning a gentle breeze from east. Sky prartially cleared up during the day, making it pleasantly warm and bright, it remained clear during the afternoon and even- ing, offering every prospect of a clear cold night. Friday, June 26 (sic ) Clear cold night, slight breeze from the E , day beautifully warm and pleasant. Mr. Burke suffers greatly from the cold, and is getting extremely weak; he and King start to morrow up the creek, to look for the blacks - it is the only chance we have of being saved from starvation I am weaker than ever (sic ), although I have a good appetite, and relish the nardoo much, but it seems to give us no nutriment, and the birds here are so shy as not to be got at. Even (sic ) if we got a good supply of fish, I doubt whether we could do much work on them and the nardoo alone. Nothing (sic ) now but the greatest good luck can now save any of us, and as for myself, I may live four or five days if the weather continues warm. My pulse are at forty eight, and very weak, and my legs and arms are nearly skin and bone. I can only look out, like Mr Micawber, "for something to turn up," but starvation on nardoo is by no means very unpleasant, but for the weakness one feels, and the utter inability to move oneself, for as far as appetite is concerned, it gives me the greatest satisfaction. Certainly, fat and sugir would be more to one's taste, in fact, those seen to me to be the great stand by for one in this extraordinary continent, no that I mean to de- preciate the farinacious food, but the want of sugar and fat in all substances obtainable here so great that they become almost valueless to us as articles of food, without the addition of some- thing else. (Signed) W. J. WILLS. [We are compelled to omit Burke's notes.] 