CURREST TOPICS. A meeting of the Histrionic Club was held afc the Kooins, Curio Terrace, yesterday afternoon, A resolution was como to that a performance should be given shortly after Christinas. Several new names were mentioned as likely to take part in the representation, and a subcommittee vas appointed to fcelect the pieces, and secure the names of aspirants to Histrionic fame. Every* thing i3 in favor of a successful appearance; the dearth of theatrical amusement and the exciting period of the year combine to favor the pros* pects of the amateura. Tho object of the per* formance i3 a3 yet doubtful. Early in tho ensuing week something definite will bo arrived at, and the appearance of some old members is expected. Mr T. W. Shndtvell's entertainment at the Mechanics' Institute Ja.st wigbt was only moderately well attended; but was, so far as the excellent elocutionary talents of Mr Stand well could make it, otherwise successful. The various readings and recitations were received with applause and evident satisfaction by tho audience. Ono drawback to the complete en joyment of sortie at the readings was the bad accoustic properties of the hall which, even in spite of Mr Stand well's very distinct utterance, would, at times, convert a sentence into one long thkk work. This defect was not so noticeable in the recitations as the readings, tho latter being naturally got through with more rapidity than the former. 1c is a beautiful ball for singing, but quite unfit for jpoakipg gr fMjiDg. \- In reference, though not in reply, to the question wo put iu yesterday's Advertiser can Geelong support a decent theatre ? we have been furnished wiih the following information: First, that the old Itopl is just now undergoing renovation, and that the former lessee is to rcnow his connection with thopublic in the managerial office. Second, that the Co-opera live Theatre Building Proprietary Committee hare not altogether abandoned their endeavors to give the town the choice of another place of entertainment. They were unablo to secure, fiorn private hands, a central site suitable for the erection of the proposed new theatre; and have been, in consequence, compelled to apply to Government to offer for sale some of the unalienated lands still remaining in the town. Their application has been favorably received iu the proper quarter; and, when the land is Qazethd, it is anticipated that one of the beat adopted sites will bo secured at the minimum cost. Wo arc in possession of all the facts (which for obvious reasons we not give more in detail), and we assure our readers that we share in the sanguine anticipations of the committee. Everything that eau impress upon country residents the necessity for caution against bush fires should be brought into notice, and we therefore call their attention to the following paragraph respecting a bush'fire at the Cape of Good Hope" Through the careless way in which grass is set on fire here, there has been a 6eriousaccident.it the Bishop's Station. The fire was seen approaching from the direction of Table Mountain, and means were taken to ar rest its progress. But on it.camo till it ap proached a rango of buildings called Bishop thorpe. The fire encircled a carpenter, and the poor fellow was killed. The farmer escaped, but was severely burned, and the bishop had a narrow escape. . He is now suffering from a sprained ankle. This is the third time within the List fortnight that fire riging furiously has come towards the station, and such is the ex tent and "dryness of the longgra33 that , the fire crossed the river, and the stopping of its course seems almost an impossibility/ It burns for miles, and the flame c'roSses roads. Twice it was stopped, but this time one large building was destroyed before the flames, were 'finally subduid." At the last meeting of the Melbourne Cham ber of Commerce, a deputation wasappointed to wait upon the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, to represent, the necessity for placing the Geelong and Melbourne .Railway in a state of repiir prior to the opening of the Geelong and ballarat Railway, » _ The existence of silver, in considerable quan tities in quartz atr St. Arnaud is confirmed. The proprietors of tho reef are Messrs Edwards and Co. Considerablequantitiesofgoldaregot from the same retf. . All the up-country paparj mention the con tinued exodus towards Otago, Sixty nersons passed through Maryborough in two daya all bound for Sew Zealand. Two of the Ballarat police force have resigned with the object of going to Otago. At a westing of tho Ballarat Licensed Vic tuallers' Association on Wednesday, the question ; of browera and lemonade and ginger-beer manufacturers supplying private families was discussed; the publicans being opposed,to that practice. If the present race of brewers and manufacturer's of other drinks should succumb I lo the dictum of the publicans it will gire a One opening to establishments expressly for the supply offamilies. Some years ago a large quantity of Union bank notes, old form, unsigned, were stolon. | One of these was attempted to be passed at Maryborough on Saturday. The old form of the Union bank notes has long been disused, the present plate being entirely different. Sir James Talmer is, or has been, a rival candidate for the honorable post of representing tho colony at the Exhibition of 1802, but Sir Itedmond Barry hasundoubtedly greater claims, and will do the work better. He is an enthu siast in the cause, and in manner and personal appearance, no unimportant consideration, will be a goad representative. Fresh discoveries of precious stones arq mat ters of every day rumor. The Murray Gazette says that on Saturday last a person travelling through Wangaratta en route for Beechiiortb, exhibited some specimens of quartz, imd se veral yellow topazes, all of which he stated he had found on a table land in the ranges at the head of the Goulfcurn River, lying between the sources of the Goiilbu'rr); the" Okay, linff uey'g and Crooked Iliver. He had also, hp stated, procured very good alluvia) prospects, and was proceeding to Beeehworth to Bgonre ji prospecting claim, and to induce some frieuds to return to the locality with him." " Qn Saturday liist," says the Maryborouqh Advertiser, a reef of considerable promise was discovered on the surface, at the Alma, near the chapel. A rush has consequently set in, and claims liayp been marked out for about a mile. Our informant says that gold js visible ali through the stone i&ised.; Nono has yet been crushed, nor has the thickness of the reef been proved," The Regatta on Lake Burrjimbeet f may be regarded as a thing accomplished. Yesterday's Star t3fs~" A meeting of the members of the Kegatta Committee was held at M'Lareu's Hotel on Wednesday night. Subscription lists from threo persons only were handed in, which showed cash either jiroip.bod or subscribed'to | the amount of £39. It Has resolved that two silver cups be ordered fir tie amateur race, apd that £30 be set apart for the watermen's race. ? Tho mjddls of January WHS fixed as the time when the pports t-hould take place, but the final .arrangements were postponed until. the next meeting, when a band will be engaged and a proeranima drawn up." ? News from the Cape of Good Hope mentions that the vine disease prevails in the vineyards i near Somerset West. Crops of cereal^ show very favourably, and the clip of Wool proves to be the best ever known. Tho Cape colony is not to bp represented at the World's Fair of 1S62, no money having bean voted fqr tlirtt purpose by the legislature. The report of tho j hostile rising in Ifatnl turns out to have been quite unfounded. . r On Wednesday morning the engine-driver of the train on the Hawthorn branch of'-the , Suburban Railway on looking over the Bide of | the enS'ne discovered a small nut or square piece of iron tightly jammed between the points on that portion of the line between Swan-street and Church-street stations. On arriving at the latter place ho at once gave information to the official!, and tho obstruction was imme diately removed and an accident averted, for bad not this impediment been removed, it is probable that the return train from Hawthorn would have been thrown off the line on to the embankment, which is raised to the height of three feet on either sidp. The neighborhood of Talbot has lately been prolific of nuggets. The Talbot Leader says – On Friday and Saturday three beautiful nuggets, weighing respectively 11 oz 4 dwts, 19 oz 18 dwts. and 50 oz 15 dwts. were purchased by the London Chartered Bank Talbot. They were all found near the Mia Mia within two miles of Talbot, the two latter by the same lucky party of three men. There's life in the auld land yet!" And again–"A nugget weighing 143 oz 10 dwts was exhibited yesterday in the window of the London Char- tered Bank, Talbot. The exact locality, of its discovery is not made known to us, but we have some reason for supposing it to have been the Mia Mia Flat. Taken in connection with other nuggets sold to this bank on Saturday last, of which we give particulars in another paragraph it will be acknowledged that this district is looking remarkably well just now in a gold bearing point of view. The piece that has called forth this notice weighed 160 oz 10 dwta before being passed through the mortar." 