THE EXPLORATION PARTY DEATH OF FOUR MEN. An extraordinary meeting of the Exploration Committee was held at the New Court-house yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of receiving despatches from Mr. Wright, which had been brought down by Mr. A, W. Howitt and Mr. Brahe early yesterday morning. His Honour Sir W. F. Stawell presided, there being a large num- ber of members of the Royal Society present. The SECRETARY (Dr Macadam) read the fol- lowing telegram, received from Mr. A. W. Howitt on Saturday evening : - " Sandhurst, June 29. " The Hon. John Macadam, M.D, " I met Mr. Brahe at the Loddon with despatches, and received the following message : '" Mr. Wright has reached Menindie with eight, men, having been joined by Mr. Burke's depot party from Cooper's Creek. Messrs. Becker, Purcell, Stone, and Patton died on the journey. Mr. Burke left Cooper's Creek on the 16th De- cember. Nothing has been heard of him since that date. He was accompanied by Messrs. Wills, King, and Gray. The natives proved hos- tile, and the country for 150 miles was waterless. Two camels and three horses died, and one was lost (Signed) ' W. Wright.' " I shall be in town with Mr. Brahe to morrow morning. (Signed) " A. W. HOWITT, Leader of Contingent Party." The SECRETARY stated that, upon receiving the telegram, he waited upon His Excellency the Governor, and showed the telegram to him. In accordance with an arrangement then made, the chairman met His Excellency on the following day (Sunday), and the despatches were read. Since that time he (Dr. Macadam) has occupied himself in calling together the mem- bers of the committee, and he believed each member had been invited to attend. He has also telegraphed to South Australia, but had re- ceived word that there was no communication. His object was to ascertain the arrival of Mr. Wright there as early as possible, so that every in- formation might be given to the contingent party. He has also arranged that any telegrams should have precedence of private messages. The Secretary then read the following de- patches, the Chairman observing that Mr. Brahe could supplement them with any remarks after-wards " Depot Camp, Ptomarmora Creek, 20th June, 1861. "The Secretary Victorian Exploration Expedition, Melbourne " Sir, - I have the honour to announce my ar- rival at Menindie on Monday, the 17th inst., and the establishment of my camp in its former posi- tion, at the junction of Ptomarmora Creek with the Darling. "The party under my charge consists of Dr. Beckler, Mr. Brahe, Mr. Hodgkinson, McDon- ogh, Smith, Belooch, Botan, and a man named Williams, whom I have engaged since my arrival here. "Tha animals comprise thirteen camels and twenty-three horses. Three of the camels and twelve of the horses originally formed a portion of Mr. Burke's equipment. " In furnishing the following brief summary of the events occurring during the progress of the party under my charge, I have to regret the great losses experienced and sufferings endured from every conceivable opposition to travel in an unexplored country. " The route followed by Mr. Burke at the period of his transit abounded in water, the rapidity with which he progressed afforded no opportunity to the natives of forming hostile com- binations, and the men under his charge pre- served their health. " But when I moved onwards from the Dar- ling the advance of summer had dried up nearly all the watercourses, and the ravages of scurvy reduced the effective strength of my party to an numming extent. " Unable to proceed from these causes, I had no sooner established a camp and stockade at Bulla than the natives became hostile, repeatedly attacking us, and rendering our several duties hazardous in the extreme. " Mr. Becker, Charles Stone, William Purcell, and - Patton, died at various intervals during the journey. " Three of the horses perished from exhaust- ion, two of the camels from scab, and another camel was lost at Koorliatto Creek. "'The details of the expedition will be found in my diary, which will be transmitted to you as shortly as possible. " As I previously announced to you, I left Ptomarmera Creek on the 26th January, 1861, with Dr. Beckler, Mr. Hodgkinson, Charles Stone, William Purcell, John Smith, and Belooch, ten camels and thirteen horses, and arrived at Tarrugutta, or Duruoto Swamp, February 12, camping on the way at Cogilga, Pilpa, Badurga, Motwinge, Nanta-Bulla, Nundarunge, Tulla- winge, Wannawinte, and Purlprumatte, spots mentioned in Mr. Burke's official chart. " Even as far as Tarrugutta I experienced " great difficulty, from want of water and other causes 'For two days I spelled at Tarrugutta, and then moved some eighteen miles onward, to the verge of an arid plain extending northward as far as the eye could reach, and bounded to the east and west by sand-ridges of a stony nature and significant elevation. Pitching the camp upon the southern verge of this apparently waterless plain, I started the day following, with Smith, in search of water,and ultimately found a small puddle, about twenty miles to the north, to which I conducted the party. " Unfortunately, however, the horses got access to the hole upon the evening of their arrival, and, by drinking and trampling, rendered the spot a mass of mud. 'Sending the camels back to Tarrugutta for a supply of water, upon their return I made fur ther advances northward in search of water; and, after being out with Smith and Belooch for six teen days, with but seven days' rations, I made Bulla (or Wright's) Creek. "During this trip I passed a large swamp (Kar riapundi) of bitter water, lying sixty miles north of Rat Point, and 100 miles north of Tarru gutta. " From drinking this water, the men with me and myself became seriously indisposed. ''The camels, which had been five days with out water, drank without experiencing any ill effects. " Between Karriapundi and Bulla I passed two fine creeks, named Purria and Koorliatto. " During my advance Mr. Becker and Purcell remained at Rat Point in charge of the stores while Dr. Beckler, Mr. Hodgkinson, and Stone returned to Duruoto with the camels not accom panying me and the horses. " The water used at Rat Point was conveyed from Tarrugutta, forty miles distant. " I may here mention that the whole country between Tarrugutta and Cooper's Creek is in fested by a marsupial rat, which committed great ravages upon our stores, in spite of every possible precaution. "On the 29th March I moved the depot from Rat Point towards Bulla, reaching Purria Creek, 118 miles from Tarrugutta, without hav ing met a drop of water fit for use, save the small quantity originally discovered near Rat Point. "At Purria Creek three of the horses died frcm exhaustion, and sickness showed itself to a fearful extent among the men. Mr. Becker Stone, Smith, Belooch, and Purcell, being per fectly unfit for duty. 'On the 30th of March I made Koorliatto, aund found that watercourse running, though it had been dry when I crossed it on my return from Bulla. "At Koorliatto I was compelled to remain for a few days from wet ; but on the 4th of April I started for Bulla, leaving Dr. Beckler at Koor liatto, with Mr. Becker and Purcell, who were both unfit to travel. " On the 18th of April, after mature considera tion, I sent Mr. Hodgkinson, accompanied by BeIooch, with six of the camels, back to Menindii for the purpose of escorting Mr. Becker and Purcell thither, and returning with as many stores as their camels could bear. I also con missioned Mr. Hodgkinson to engage two men upon the Darling, to assist him in his return, and replace those leaving the party. 'At this time the natives, though very num rous, were peaceably disposed, and did noy molest either the camp at Koorliatto or that at . Bulla. "I instiucted Dr. Beckler to join the main camp, after committing his patients to Mr. Hodgkinson's charge; but upon the following day the latter gentleman returned, with a noeo from Dr. Beckler, stating that the attempt to re convey Mr. Becker and Purcell to Menindie would be fatal to them. " Under these circumstances, I had no option but to countermand Mr. Hodgkinson's instruc tions ; ans as the natives had made a hostile demonstration the very day following his de parture, I thought it advisable to erect a stockade and not weaken the party by sending any to Menindie. " Dr. Beckler, Mr. Becker, and Purcell then came to Bulla, and upon the 22nd of April we were attacked again by the natives. As Stone was evidently dying I did not fire upon them, and suffered them to pilfer several articles lying outside the stockade. At about four o'clock in the afternoon, shortly after they retired, Stone died. " The following day Purcell died, and the natives again appeared making the most insult ing demonstrations and invitations to fight them. " On the morning of the 24th of April, after burying Purcell, I started with Smith to look for horses which had strayed, but 1 had not proceeded a couple of miles ere signal-fires sprang up in every direction, and I thought it best to return to camp, as the natives were evidently prepared to take advantage of my absence. 'On the 27th, the natives once more ad- vanced from a camp which they had established near ours, not, as on former occasions, seeking the protection of cover, but marching boldly across the plain in front of our camp, and quickening their pace as they neared us into a run. They were, as well as we could count them, some fifty in number, well-armed powerful men, and as they would not stop, though repeatedly required to do so, I gave orders to fire, and succeeded in repulsing them without further trouble. "Mr. Becker during the affray lay in a tent pitched close to the stockade, but was perfectly unconscious. " With two of the party of eight dead, and a third dying, further advance or a longer stay at Bulla, amid unfriendly natives, was alike imprac ticable ; and had our cattle been molested by the natives our fate would have been sealed. Dr. Beckler and Mr. Hodgkinson, with myself, were the only healthy members of the party, and I de- cided upon an immediate retreat to Tarrugutta, at which place l hoped to recruit the sick and obtain fresh stores from the Darling. "On the 28th of April, therefore, I packed up, proposing to start next morning ; but during the night a bell was heard, and at daylight a mob of horses, recognized as proving part of Mr. Burke's equipment, were seen feeding near the stockade. Shortly afterwards, Mr. Brahe came up, and we were gratified to find that he was in charge of a party, consisting of Patton, McDonogh, and Botan, with twelve horses and six camels (very much infected with scab), on their return to the Darling, from the depot es- tablished by Mr. Burke at Cooper's Creek. "Mr. Brahe at once placed himself and party under my orders. " On the evening of this day Mr. Becker died. " McDonogh, Patton, and Botan were suffer- ing from scurvy on their arrival at Bulla, and, with the exception of Botan, became quite unfit for the slightest exertion or movement. " Being strengthened by this accession to the party in the eyes of the natives, they made no further attempt to molest us, and I remained at Bulla until the 1st of May, when I commenced my return to Tarrugutta. " Upon reaching the next camp, Koorliatto, I resolved to give the sick a further spell, while I advanced with Mr. Brahe to tho depot at Cooper's Creek, for the purpose of ascertaining whether Mr. Burke had returned, or the provisions left there by Mr. Brahe had been discovered by the natives. " I found no signs of Mr. Burke's return, or of the cache of stores being disturbed; and returned to Koorliatto on the 12th of May, finding the men at the depot there all safe, but very little improved in health. " As will be seen by the diary, the journey from Koorliatto to Menindie was tedious in the ex treme, from the difficulty of moving men so extremely weak as were our sick. " Patton died five miles south of that point, on the 30th of May ; and the whole party were saved by a providential fall of rain about this period, as no other water than surface water was found from Purria Creek to Waunawinta - a distance of upwards of 150 miles; Karriapundi, Duruoto, and Purlprumatto Creeks being dry. "As the committee may well conjecture, the whole of the party have suffered considerably from incessant watching and fatigue; but I am happy to inform them that the sick are rapidly recover- ing, and will, I trust, be convalescent in a very short time. " The camels originally under my charge, ten in number, were, up to the date of Mr. Brahe's arrival at Bulla, in splendid condition, but after that period become infected with scab from con- tact with the camels brought from Cooper's Creek. " Of the six camels brought in by Mr. Brahe one was lost at Koorliatto, two died at Purria Creek from scab, and a fourth is so much re- duced that I fear it will be difficult to restore him. " I hope, after a few weeks' careful treatment, to report the remainder fit for service. " Mr. Brahe will bear these despatches to Mel- bourne, and afford the committee every informa- tion relative to Mr. Burke's journey from Tarru- gutta to Cooper's Creek, and his ultimate depar- ture from the latter place. *' Mr. Burke left Cooper's Creek on the 16th cf December, 1860, with Mr. Wills, King and Gray, six camels, and one horse. " He took with him but twelve weeks' rations ; and I think it my duty to urge the committee to despatch a party for his relief without delay, unless they have received information of his arri- val in the northern squatting districts. " I would suggest the despatch of a party over- land, and a vessel to the Gulf shores, as it is not improbable that Mr. Burke, or a portion of his party, may be detained on the coast. " My presence is urgently required in Ade- laide, and I shall leave Menindie for that city in a few days. " Should the committee desire to communicate with me they can do so more speedily there than upon the Darling, and I will forward my address per telegram as soon as I reach Adelaide. " In conclusion, I beg to remind the committee that any benefit to be derived from an attempt to relieve Mr. Burke will be rendered hopeless unless the party or parties are despatched within eight weeks at the furthest. " A vessel might start much sooner, but the camels will not be fit to travel in a much shorter time. " I have the honour to be, Sir, " Your most obedient servant, " W. WRIGHT, Officer in Charge." Accompanying these despatches was a tracing forwarded by Mr. Wills, the surveyor and astro nomer to the party, giving the position of the different camps to Tarrugutta, the furthest point of Mr. Burke after leaving Cooper's Creek, or one day's journey. There was also the following despatch from Cooper's Creek, dated December 13, 1860: " Cooper's Creek, December 13,1860. " Sir, - I have the honour to report that the expedition under my command left Torowoto on the 31st of October, and arrived at Cooper's Creek on the 11th of November. Men, horses, and camels well. The road from Torowoto to Wright's Creek is good, but from Wright's Creek to the point where we struck Cooper's Creek it is in some places very stony, although not by any means impracticable. From the 11th of Novem ber we travelled slowly down the creek until the 20th of November, in order to recruit the strength of the animals. On the 20th we arrived at what I considered to be an eligible spot for the depot, and we remained there (camp 63) until the 5th instant, when we were driven out by the rats, and obliged to remove lower down, to the place from whence I now write (camp 65), and where I have permanently established the depot. " The feed upon this creek is good, and the horses and camels have greatly improved in con- dition : but the flies, mosquitoes, and rats, which abound here, render it a very disagreeable summer residence. " From camp 63 we made frequent excursions, in order to endeavour, in accordance with instruc- tions, to find a practicable route northward, be- tween Gregory's and Sturt's tracks, but without success. Mr. Wills upon one occasion travelled ninety miles to the north without finding water, when his camels escaped, and he and the man who accompanied him were obliged to return on foot, which they accomplished in forty-eight hours ; fortunately, upon their return they found a pool of water. " The three camels have not yet been re- covered. " I am satisfied that a practicable route cannot be established in that direction, except during the rainy season, or by sinking wells, as the natives have evidently lately abandoned that part of the country for want of water, which is shown by their having sunk for water in all directions in the beds of the creeks. " I also think that it would be very desirable to establish the route to Cooper's Creek, and from Cooper's Creek to the north further to the westward; as the eastern, or upper part of the creek, up to camp 63, runs through earthy plains, which even now, in fine weather, are very difficult to travel over, but in winter, or during wet weather, they must be quite impass able for horses and cattle. " I have therefore left instructions for the officer in charge of the party, which I expect will shortly arrive here, to endeavour, during my absence, to find a better and shorter route be tween the depot (camp 65) and Wright's Creek, or between the depot and the Darling. I proceedl on to-morrow with the party as per margin* to Eyre's Creek, and from thence I shall endeavour to explore the country to the north of it in the direction of Carpentaria, and it is my intention to return here within the next three months at latest. " I shall leave the party which remain here ! under the charge of Mr. Brahe, in whom I have every confidence. The feed is very good. There is no danger to be apprehended from the natives if they are properly managed, and there is there fore nothing to prevent the party remaining here until out return, or until their provisions run short. " I did not intend to start so soon, but we have had some severe thunder- storms lately, with every appearance of a heavy fall of rain to the north, and as I have given the other route a fair trial, I do not wish to lose so favourable an opportunity. " We are all in good health, and the conduct of the men has been admirable. Mr. Wills co operates cordially with me; he is a most zealous and efficient officer. I have promoted Mr. Brahe to the rank of officer ; the position he is now placed in rendered it absolutely necessary that I should do so. He is well qualified for the post and I hope, the committee will confirm the ap pointment. * Burke, Wills, King, Gray ; six camels, one horse ! Party remaining at the depot - Brahe, Patton McDonogh, Dest Mahomet ; six camels, twelve horses. " I have given instructions to Mr. Brahe to forward this letter by the first opportunity. " I have the honour to be, sir, " Your most obedient servant, " R. O'HARA BURKE, Leader." The following was a list of the provisions taken by Mr. Burke for three months : - 3cwt. flour, 50lb. oatmeal, 50lb. rice, 100lb. jerked horseflesh, 100lb. bacon and salt pork, and 30lb. or 40lb. of biscuits. That list was given by Mr. Brahe, who said that at one time there were three parties. Mr. Wright's party at Me nindie, the party at Cooper's Creek depot, and Mr. Burke's party. The rations being for three months, would allow about 5½lb. of flour per week to each man. Mr. Brahe stated that suffi cient provisions had been left at Cooper's Creek to enable Mr. Burke, should he return there, to move backwards to Menindie. They had been packed up very carefully, and buried in the stockade near a large tree, on which was deeply cut the word " dig ;" so that, should the party be absent from Cooper's Creek, Mr. Burke could very readily find the provisions. The CHAIRMAN thought, before any formal proposition was made, it was desirable that Mr. Brahe should make any remarks he thought ne- cessary. There were two points which struck him. One was, whether Mr. Brahe left Cooper's Creek in accordance with instructions from Mr. Burke, and why he was unable to forward the despatches of Mr. Burke sooner. He understood that Mr. Burke expected Mr. Brahe would remain at Cooper's Creek until the provisions were ex hausted or Mr. Burke returned ; but, as he gathered, the provisions were not exhausted. Mr. BRAHE said, - Mr. Burke's instructions to me were to remain at the depot for three months, or later, if the provisions would allow me to do so. Í remained eighteen weeks, and was then compelled to leave on account of one of tho men dying. I left what I thought I could spare for Mr. Burke, as I thought I should require provi sions for six or seven weeks before I reached the Darling, as I had bad country before me. I left Cooper's Creek on the 21st April. The quantity of provisions I left was - 'THE CHAIRMAN. - That was a few days more than four months after Mr. Burke left. Mr. BRAHE - Exactly. I left fifty pounds of flour, 50lb. oatmeal, 50lb. of sugar, and 30lb. of rice. I started with twelve horses and six camels, four of them were in excellent condition when I left the depot, and two very bad with scurvy. They had never recovered from going up to Cooper's Creek from Menindie. The others im proved fast. The two attacked with scurvy be came worse when the cold nights set in, and a few weeks after joining the other party on our way back they died. The horses were in very fair condition when I left the Creek. I found no water between Camp 60, at Cooper's Creek, and Bulla, which place I made for, as I could not expect to find water on Burke's old track. After leaving Camp 60, I cut off a great piece of the journey. I started with 150lb. of flour, 75lb. of sugar, about the same quantity of oatmeal, one bag of rice and 4lb. of tea. That was for myself and three men. A party of four started on the return journey. To Dr. Wilkie. - No man died at Cooper's Creek, but on the road to the Darling. I left Cooper's Creek on account of that man (Patton) being very sick. The blacks tried to molest us shortly after Burke left. About 200 camped a quarter of a mile from us. On one occasion they appeared inclined to attack us, the men being all painted and making great noises ; but we managed to keep them about 100 yards away from the depot. I had no occasion to fire upon them. To Mr. Ligar. - We had no intercourse with them at all. We never allowed them to come near. I gave them to understand that if they came inside a certain line they would be fired at. They did come once, and I fired my gun into the branches of a tree. They all turned and left us shortly after that, and never molested us again. To Mr. Enabling. - We were seven days before we reached the Menindie party. I left on the 21st, and came up to them on the 28th. I did not know they were there, but came upon them by accident. THE CHAIRMAN. - Will you state generally what you did? Mr. BRAHE. - I left Mr. Burke about twenty two miles from his first halting- place at Cooper's Creek. We camped at two o'clock, and I left at four o'clock to return to the depot. On the fol- lowing day we cut logs to make a stockade, and finished it the day before Christmas day. About that time the blacks first made their appearance, and kept us busy watching them for a fortnight, night and day. We could never venture to leave the tent for more than six or seven miles for fear of them. One man was always watching the camels, and another had to go and look after the horses twice a-day ; so that generally there were only two in the camp. The temperature was 112deg. in the tent, and 116deg. in the shade. When looking for the horses one night, we found them sur- rounded by the same tribe of natives that came up to the depot afterwards. They had surrounded them, and thinking that they were about to kill one of them I fired off my revolver. The horses, hearing the report, broke away from the natives, and I passed their camp and took away the horses. I was not in the least molested, I think they meant mischief, because they surrounded lhe horses. In January, we were employed in mending bags, washing the pack-saddles, and Iooking after the camels and horses. To Mr. Enabling. - The natives did not appear alarmed at the camels in the least. To the Chairman. - It would have been useless for me keep to a diary, as I had nothing to say day after day. I kept a few notes, and could furnish a written account to-morrow morning, perhaps, if required to do so. February and March were passed in much the same way. To Dr. Wilkie. - A week before Mr. Burke left there was some rain, and there were a few light showers afterwards. To the Chairman. - The cold nights began in April. My instructions were to remain at the depot for three months, or longer, if I could ; and Mr. Burke told me that he should be back in three months. He expected to get to the Gulf of Carpentaria and back in less than three months. He did not expect to be met by any vessel. He was quite positive that he would be back at Cooper's Creek in three months. He said he should not run any risk, and I was to tell Mr. Wright that he would be back in three months. The CHAIRMAN. - Did you know anything of his intentions beyond Eyre's Creek ? Mr. BRAHE. - He said he should push to the Gulf of Carpentaria. To Dr. Wilkie. - Mr. Burke knew something of Stuart. He had seen something in a news- paper. When he started for Eyre's Creek he followed Cooper's Creek for two days. I can not say what course he steered then. He said he was making for Eyre's Creek. Dr. MACADAM, - We understand you to say that you had conversations with Mr. Burke on the subject of a vessel meeting his party at the Gulf of Carpentaria, and that Mr. Burke dis tinctly said that he did not expect one ; and also that he distinctly told you to tell the party coming up to receive such instructions from you. Mr. BRAHE. - No. I was merely to tell the party that he would run no risks. The last words were, that he did not expect a ship at the Gulf of Carpentaria. To the Chairman. - I was determined to leave Cooper's Creek, because one of the men had lain for eighteen days very ill with scurvy. I did not then know what was the matter. His leg and arm were much swollen. He lost his ap- petite, and scarcely ever left his bed. We had no medicine but citric acid. To Dr. Wilkie. - We had no vegetables, as it would have been useless to sow seeds, for the rats would have destroyed them. Mr. Wills sowed some seeds, but they did not answer. To the Chairman. -McDonough and I were slightly affected with scurvy, but I did not know at the time what it was. Patton's gums were very bad. The sepoy was quite well, and also the others. To Mr. Gillbee. - The water at Cooper's Creek was very good. There was a good supply - a large water-hole, about a quarter of a mile long, and 100 yards wide. The water was quite fresh. There was vegetation; also birds and small fish. I shot some birds very often. To the Chairman. - In order that the natives might not take the stores I left at Cooper's Creek for Mr. Burke, I put them into a camel trunk, and dug a deep hole, into which I put it. I dug the hole where I kept the horses tied up, against a large tree, in a corner of the stockade. The trunk was covered with two feet of earth. I marked the word "dig" on the tree. I cannot say how deep the rats burrow. They were mostly on the banks of the creek. When I returned to Cooper's Creek, they had not attempted to burrow. The natives had been there, but had not interfered with the stores or the tree. I brought away about three times as much as I left for Mr. Burke, as I thought it would take me some time to get to the Darling, and that I might have to leave part of the party at Bulla, and go in search of water by myself. We got rain for a few hours before I left the depot. The water had diminished in the creek about five feet. I could never bottom the water-hole. I tried about ten yards from the bank. I dived down about ten feet, I think the water would be permanent if there was no rain for three years. Professor McCOY. - In conversations with Mr. Burke, when he left instructions with you, had you any reason for believing that, if he found great difficulties in going northwards, he would change his course? Mr. BRAHE. - None whatever. I asked him if it was likely that he would make for the settled districts on the east coast, if he did not get to the other side, and he never seemed to have thought about it. To the Chairman. - He asked me what was thought about it ? I spoke to Mr. Wills after- wards. He said that if they saw they could not come back the same way in which they went to the Gulf of Carpentaria, they must return to Cooper's Creek without going there. I did not hear from Mr. Burke or Mr. Wills what they intended to do if thoy failed at Eyre's Creek. They all left in good spirts - the whole party. There is a possibility that they might have had trouble with the camels but we never had any. We were very careful of them. We never heard anything of the camels lost by Mr. Wills. The party were at tea when McDonough saw the camels. Ten minutes after that they were missed, and were never seen again. They were feeding homewards towards Cooper's Creek. The other camels were almost lost once by the sepoy. McDonough was most at- tentive to them. He is a very good man indeed. I should think King and Gray could drive camels. I believe the next morning after Mr. Wills lost the camels, he tracked them six or seven miles, but saw nothing of them, and lost their tracks. All the oatmeal taken by Mr. Burke was intended for the camels. There was always plenty of food for them. They fed on the salt-bush. To Dr. Iffla. - There was the greatest unimosity among the party. They were all anxious to go with Mr. Burke, and those that remained were rather disappointed. The CHAIRMAN. - Did you think your party too small to permit of your forwarding the des- patches to Mr. Burke ? Mr. BRAHE. - They were to be forwarded by Mr. Wright when Mr. Burke left me. He said, if Mr. Wright arrived within two days after he left, I was to follow him with the despatches, but not after that, he said he would keep the creek for two days, and I must follow his tracks. My own opinion is, that Mr. Burke left Eyre's Creek, and went past large water-holes, thinking to find sufficient water in them on his return; that he found them dry on his return, and went too far away in search of others ; that he failed to find water, and was unable to go on, and is stuck fast. I am very much afraid that his party were attacked with scurvy. There had not been the slightest symptoms of it before he left. He appeared to be in excellent spirits, and in good health. To Dr. Macadam. - Three of the four men who died had the benefit of Dr. Beckler's advice and medicines. I am not afraid of the camels at all failing but of illness and want of water. We went thirty-four miles one day, but not on an average. I believe we averaged twenty miles and a half a-day from Menindie to Cooper's Creek, or twenty-four days. I do not apprehend any dan- ger from the natives. To Mr. Ligar. - I heard that the natives of the north coast were bad, and that they had attacked Stuart. To Dr. Wilkie. - I cannot say whether Mr. Burke intended to go westward to Stuart's track. I am sure it was his intention to return to Cooper's Creek. Mr. Burke went to Bulla be cause he had two native guides who spoke of Bulla as being a large lake, with fine country round it. The reason I did not take Mr. Burke's old track was because I was afraid of not finding water. Dr. MACADAM said that, as perhaps suffi- cient information had been obtained from Mr. Brahe, he might mention that Mr. Howitt has wisely returned to town, and was present that evening to receive any additional instructions which might be rendered necessary. The CHAIRMAN said that a great many diffi- culties might have been experienced by Mr. Burke, but still he might be alive. If the men were attacked with scurvy, he might be waitinq somewhere for fine weather. Although he wished to know the worst from Mr. Brahe, he did not think it was a hopeless cass. Mr. Burke had evidently pursued a most moderate course, and appeared to have been very careful. It was feared that he might have been rash, but there was every reason to believe that he had not been hasty. He was now apparently near to Stuart's country. It could not be a bad season of the year, as he started before Stuart, who possessed information as to when the rains fell. They could not despair t all, although they were anxious. The main ques tion was, what were the best steps to be taken ? Mr. GILLBEE thought that as Mr. Brahe's ac count was somewhat disjointed, and as he said he had some notes, the better course would be to get him to write out a narrative from the time of Mr. Burke's departure up to the present time. Mr. BRAHE. - I could not do it up to the pre sent time, only until I joined Mr. Wright. Mr. LIGAR said that, from what had been said it appeared that Mr. Burke had followed out his instructions as faithfully as practicable. It ap peared that he wanted to go to the Gulf of Ca pentaria, and he (Mr. Ligar) was confident that if he had not got there, he had got into Stuart's country, and was heading towards Dr. Mueller and Gregory's country. He thought they might safely conclude that he had followed out their in structions as closely as possible. He thought they could leave for a few days the copying out of Mr. Brahe's notes, and determine at once what was to be done to assist Mr. Burke. Dr. MACADAM said some suggestions had been written down by Mr. Howitt, which might be read. Mr. EMBLING said that as Mr. Burke had only taken three months rations with him, and had been away seven months, whatever was to be done must be done quickly. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LIGAR thought, in addition to that, the party had been weakened by being subdivided. He thought the suggestions of Mr. Howitt should not be read yet, but that some gentleman should move a formal resolution, that the contingent expedition proceed at once as far as possible on Mr. Burke's track, and take as muoh provision as they could. With that view he would move " That the contingent party be increased ; that it proceed with the expedition to Cooper's Creek and follow Mr. Burke's tracks as far as practi cable." Mr. EMBLING apprehended that Mr. Ligar meant that Mr. Howitt's party should be strength ened, and not that a new party should be formed. Mr. LIGAR said the secretary recommended that the party already formed should proceed at once. Dr. WILKIE thought it would be hardly safe to send Mr. Howitt's party alone to Cooper's Creek after what they had heard of the natives, and beyond that camp it would be most hazardous work. If the party was not re-organized, it should be strengthened by the addition of eight men. Four could then be left at Cooper's Creek and the remainder could follow Burke's track. Four could follow with stores, and then return. They saw how easy it was for scurvy to disable a party ; besides which, a party of eight or ten could be far less likely to be disabled than a party of three or four. He thought experience told them that they must send a stronger party than was at present contemplated. Professor McCOY said he understood that Mr. Brahe was willing to place himself under Mr. Howitt's instructions. He thought it would shorten matters if Mr. Howitt would state his own views and impressions. Mr. HOWITT then read a rough draft of a series of suggestions he had intended to submit to the committee. They were as follow : " I have the honour to offer a few suggestions for the consideration of the Exploration Com- mittee, upon which I should feel inclined to form a plan of operations, in case it should be decided that the contingent party is still to proceed to Cooper's Creek. I should recom mend, in the first instance, that it be increased by Mr. Brahe, whose knowledge of the country would be most valuable, and who has signified his readiness to join my party; and also by a medical man, with, if possible, some bush ex periene. As Mr. Brabe is of opinion that the horses and camels now at Menindie will be fit for service in a month's time, I should have no difficulty in taking forward a number of horses proportionate to the increased party, and calcu- lated to transport easily five or six months' pro visions from the Darling. Circumstances might also require the addition of a few camels. With this party I should push on for Cooper's Creek as rapidly as I could do in justice to the packhorses, and should then endeavour to find a more favourable spot for a depot than the last. Should it be deemed advisable to stay out longer than the time for which the pack horses had carried provisions, it would be neces sary for a second party to leave Menindie as soon as possible - say, three weeks or a month - after the first, bringing forward with the camels neces sary supplies, and remaining at Lake Bulla until communicating with by me respecting the site of a depot. From Cooper's Creek, the first step would be to explore the country at Eyre's Creek, as documents may possibly be buried there : and from this point to take such measures as could only be seen as the best when on the spot and in posses- sion of all the information possible to be gained. I believe that with the camels, and by acting at the same time energetically and with caution, that a large extent of country could be soon explored, in which either traces of Mr. Burke's outward route or water would be found. In the latter case, it would enable the search for informa- tion respecting Mr. Burke's party to be car ried still further, and without loss of time. The above suggestions are offered merely as a rough sketch, which could be extended or modified as circumstances directed, and are founded considerably upon information which I have derived from Mr. Brahe. With respect to stores and outfit, I have not been able to learn much ; but I believe that the contingent party would meet with no obstacles in that way. But, with regard to a further supply of stores being sent, it would have to be understood de- finitely either that the contingent party were to return on their stores being consumed or the communication closed between Cooper's Creek and the Darling by want of water, or that a second supply would, without fail, be sent for ward, so as to enable both parties to pass the summer in the interior, if compelled to do so by drought. I have the honour to be, sir, your most obedient servant. 'A. W. Howitt, Leader of Contingent Party." "Mr. LlGAR said the suggestions contained everything, but were indefinite as to following Mr. Burke. He thought the committee should do all they could to ascertain where Mr. Burke was, and not so to the right or the left. Their object was to get Mr. Burke out of a difficulty, and no other consideration should influence them. The know ledge of the country was nothing to be compared to that, and, for his part, if he thought he could find tho best country in the world, he would not move 100 yards away from Mr. Burke's track. Mr. Howitt explained that when speaking of the country round Eyrie's Creek, he meant that Mr. Burke's track might not be seen owing to the nature of the country. Mr. EMBLING expressed an opinion that Mr. Howitt should take five men with him, instead cf two, when he left Cooper's Creek. That would be nine men, instead of four. Professor McCoy said that the committee knew that if there was a large party of men, some of whom might have delicate constitutions, the party would be very much weakened, as they could not be left to die if taken ill. Therefore, he thought if Mr. Howitt could got a small party of hardy men - men accustomed to rough work, it would be better. That was a point, however, to be left to the discretion of the leader. The CHAIRMAN said there was another reason why the party should be small. The difficulties of Mr. Wright were attributable to his slow journey. Not a single day should be lost in getting to Cooper's Creek, as they must not lose sight of the fact that Mr. Burke relied upon finding stores there on his return. It was true that it was only three days' journey from South Australia, but it was quite possible that the stores might be found by the natives or destroyed by rats, and they might be gone when Mr. Burke returned. Their first object should be to send some, and the next to follow Mr. Burke's track as far as consistent with safety, and bring back information, if they could not recover him, as to the cause of failure. Dr. MUELER wished to impress upon the committee that Mr. Howitt should have his party particularly strong, that if scurvy broke out, on ????? manifestation of ii those attacked should go back. Secondly, the party should be fur nished with one or two natives, as their quick sight was unsurpassed by any of the Caucasian race. The tracks would no doubt be much obli terated, and must be closely watched, otherwise the party might be passed when only a quarter of a mile away. He found on calculating the amount of provisions taken by Mr. Burke, that, with the prudence of that gentleman, they would last for five months. He had been out considerably longer than five months, but with great economy and by killing a camel, the rations might be ex tended, so that he (Dr. Mueller) did not consider the case as hopeless. With prompt measures, the provisions might have been made to spin out. Mr. Edgar quite agreed with the suggestion of taking natives, but they should be natives who had no affinity with those on the Darling, Dr. Wilkie said that at present there was only a party of four in the field, and with such a large vote from the Legislature, he believed it was their duty to send a party sufficiently strong to leave a party at Cooper's Creek, as it would be ha rassing for the party to bury stores, and, after returning from then search after Mr. Burke, to find that they had been destroyed. If four were left in charge, that would be secured against. He thought it was incumbent upon the committee to reorganise Mr. Howitt's party, and, instead of sending four men, to send eleven or twelve. He would call attention to the fact that Mr. Wright left with the intention of going to Cooper's Creek with seven men, but was so weakened that he was obliged to return to Menindie, and was within 200 miles of it, whilst all the time the committee was ignorant of what was going on. Mr. Wright was unable to send any of his party with advices, and had it not been for the return of the men from Cooper's Creek, Mr. Wright's party must have been sacrificed. Under these circumstances, he thought the party should be re-organized. The CHAIRMAN thought it should be decided at once whether a party should be sent. The number of which it should consist could be settled on the following day. Mr. GILLBEE quite agreed that there was the greatest necessity for despatch, but he thought it would be better to lose a day than to act in a hurry. He would, therefore, move that the committee adjourn until the following day, by which time the notes of Mr. Brahe would be copied out, and Mr. Howitt would be prepared to make further suggestions. The CHAIRMAN thought it was a great pity to adjourn. The meeting was a most unusual one, but as they had met that day, and as there were matters upon which such important results de pended, he thought they should arrive at certain resolutions. The following day being a holiday, they could again meet. Professor McCOY said that it was well known that they had a most experienced leader in Mr. Howitt, and he trusted they would give him carte blanche, so that he could start at once. They could telegraph to him on the following day. The resolution was then agreed to. Mr. LIGAR proposed, as a definite resolution, that Mr. Howitt and his party should proceed at once in accordance with the instructions already issued, with additional instructions to follow Mr. Burke and his party as far as safety would permit ; also, that Mr. Howitt should enlarge his party to at least twelve men, so as to enable him to leave men in charge of the depot at Cooper's Creek during his absence : thus, there would be four to go with Mr. Howitt, four to re main at the depot, and four to travel to and from the settled districts The CHAIRMAN thought the divisions of the resolutions should be put separately. The first part of the resolution was agreed to. Mr. LlGAR then moved, that the party should consist of twelve men. The CHAIRMAN thought, before that was de cided, it was necessary to say whether the whole number should go on. Mr. HOWITT said he had come down with the intention of leaving on the following day, to join his party at Swan Hill. If it was arranged that the party should be increased, he could proceed with a party of six, including a medical man, to Cooper's Creek with pack horses, which at this time of the year would be better than camels ; the understanding being, that anothor party would follow him, to communicate with him at Bulla, or any other place decided upon. He could then go on with the six. Mr. LIGAR apprehended that a latitude could not be left to Mr. Howitt to go out of Mr. Burke's track. Professor McCoy thought Mr. Howitt quite understood that. Dr. WILKIE pointed out that Mr. Howitt would stay a week at Swan Hill and a week at Minindie if he had only a party of four. There- fore no time would be lost if that number was increased to twelve, as the extra pack-saddles could be forwarded. He did not approve of small parties. Mr. LIGAR quite concurred with the remarks of Dr. Wilkie. Mr. Howitt suggested, however, that three or four persons should be left at the Darling to bring up stores; but why not let the stores go up with him at once? Hitherto he thought the misfortune had been that the party had not been large enough to allow of people coming down to give information. Mr. WATSON thought that those men who had been in Mr. Burke's party should have the option of accompanying Mr. Howitt. The CHAIRMAN thought the number of the party should be first decided. He believed eight would be sufficient. Mr. HOWITT said he named twelve, so that six could go on at first. The CHAIRMAN. - Why not eight go up to- gether ? Dr. WILKIE thought there should be two extra hands, so that, in case of anything happen ing, they could be sent down. He thought Mr. Howitt should not leave Cooper's Creek with less than six men. Mr. Stuart had ten, and he con sidered that they could be safely guided by his experience. It was then agreed that the party should consist of not more than twelve men. In answer to Dr. MACADAM, Mr. BRAHE said that Mr. Wright had gone to Adelaide, thinking to convey information more quickly to Melbourne by so doing. He thought Mr. Wright would be willing to join the expedi tion again. Mr. Hodgkinson said that he should leave in a week, but he thought that gentleman would be willing to join Mr. Howitt ; McDouough was strong, and would go back. The doctor he did not think would go back. The CHAIRMAN. - That could be disposed of to-morrow. On the motion of Dr. MUELLER, it was agreed that one of the party be a medical man. Dr. WILKIE moved, that after leaving the Darling, the party should keep together to Cooper's Creek, and that when there Mr. Howitt should divide the party, taking a portion with him on Mr. Burke's track, and leave a portion as a depot party at Cooper's Creek, four to re- main there, and two to carry despatches in case of necessity. He had every confidence in Mr. Howitt, and they had had every confidence in Mr. Burke ; but he thought everything should not be left to Mr. Howitt, but that if certain instructions were given to him to start from Cooper's Creek with six persons, no restrictions would be imposed upon him. Mr. EMBLING recommended that seven men should be taken. Mr. GILLBEE thought, general instructions should be given instead of binding Mr. Howitt down by stringent resolutions. There was one thing to be considered, namely, that the men had come from off a long journey, suffering slightly from scurvy. It would not be safe for Mr. Howitt to take any of those men if they had not quite recovered. However desirous of employing those who had been on the journey before, they should be most cautious in again employing them if any traces of scurvy remained. The resolution of Dr. Wilkie was then agreed to. The CHAIRMAN thought they had adopted the best course with reference to immediate relief. It now remained for them to decide as suggested by His Excellency, that an expedition should be sent northwards, starting from Port Denison, and being equipped under the direction of Sir George Bowen, the Governor of Queensland. If that were done, they would he enabled to send a party all along the north coast on Gregory's track. Professor Neumayer had offered to undertake the charge of that party after they started by steamer, but he was not aware whether the Pro fessor was of the same mind now. Professor NEUMAYER. - Yes. (Hear, hear.) The CHAIRMAN. - His Excellency said he would write to Sir George Bowen by Tuesday's mail. All the horses could be obtained there, so that the party could start immediately upon the arrival of the steamer. It was a comparatively short distance from the point which it might be expected Mr. Burke would endeavour to reach. Dr. MUELLER, who accompanied Mr. Gregory in his explorations, said that if a party were to proceed northwards, Port Denison would be the best point from which to start. He had received a letter from Port Denison, which said that the country, was extremely favourable to the expe dition. There was only one range, which took a few hours to cross, and then there was a fine country watered by rivers running into the Gulf of Carpentaria. Even Mr. Gregory's route there was no difficulty in reaching from Port Denison. If Mr. Burke was steering for the Gulf of Car pentaria, and his camels were knocked up, it was possible that he would be obliged to remain there for some time, as camels took some months to recruit. He thought that Port Denison being a young settlement some difficulty might be expe- rienced in obtaining horses there; but it would not be so great, as Mr. Gregory, who was sur veyor-general at Queensland, would do all in his power to assist. Besides, they could obtain horses at Port Curtis, and from thence to Port Denison was only a short distance. The letter he had re ceived mentioned that the natives were extremely hostile, and that no one could leave the settle- ment without being well protected by a strong party. That must be borne in mind with respect to the party to be sent by that way. Dr. WILKIE did not think the matter was of such great importance, as it was not likely that Mr. Burke would be discovered from the east coast. Besides that, Mr. Gregory had found that it was impossible to procure a drop of water. Dr. MUELLER, in answer to a question put by Mr. Ligar, said he thought Mr. Burke would steer towards the north-west. Mr. Stuart had achieved what Mr. Burke had to do. Mr. Burke having carried out his instructions, would go north-westwards, so as to find country which would benefit the western districts. Professor McCoy said he had asked Mr. Brahe specially that question, but there appeared to be no determination. All that proved that their only sheet-anchor was to find the actual tracks of Mr. Burke with the greatest possible speed. (Hear, hear,) Tho CHAIRMAN thought the two propositions quite in accordance one with the other. If they had the money, he would say, go northwards : because in Mr. Stuart's last expedition he pressed to the north, and expressed his determination to go there again. If he went there, Mr. Burke could go also. He quite agreed with what had fallen from Dr. Mueller, that Mr. Burke might have pushed through, and might be delayed by his camels being knocked up. From what Dr. Mueller had said, he thought the route was a practicable one. The only difficulties opposed by the natives were less, as the settlements had pushed onwards so much since the time of Mr. Gregory. Dr. WILKIE said a sub-committee had been, appointed to draw up a report relative to despatch- ing the Victoria round the coast. The report was drawn up, and he would recommend that it be considered on the following day. On the motion of Mr. EMBLING, a sub-com mittee was appointed, consisting of Dr. Wilkie, Dr. Mueller, Dr. Macadam, Professor Neumayer, and Mr. Howitt, it being arranged that they should meet that evening. Dr. EADES wished to impress upon Mr. Howitt the remarks made by Mr. Gillbee with reference to employing men who had not entirely recovered from scurvy. After some desultory conversation, the com- mittee adjourned till the following (this) day, at two o'clock. The following surveyor's report was not read at the meeting, but has been handed to us for publication : " Camp 65, Depot, Cooper's Creek, December 15, 1860. " Sir, - I have the honour to place in the hands of our leader, for transmission to the committee, my third report, and a tracing showing the country traversed since my last was written. I regret that I have been unable to devote so much attention to either as I could have desired, but I have no doubt the committee will make due allowance for my want of time, and the inconveniences attend- ing the execution of such work in our present position. " I have the honour to be, sir, " Your most obedient servant, "WILLIAM J. WILLS, Surveyor and Assistant Observer. " The Hon. Secretary of the Exploration Committee." (Forwarded.) " Depot, December 16, 1860. " As Mr. Wills's report, with which I fully concur, contains all the necessary details with regard to the state of the country through which we passed, I have not referred to the subject in mine. " R. O'HARA BURKE, Leader. " The Honorary Secretary." " SURVEYOR'S REPORT. " The accompanying tracing will show the course taken by the Expedition party from the Torowoto Swamp in latitude 30deg. 1min. 30sec. S., longitude 142deg. 36min. E., to the depot on Cooper's Creek, Camp 65, latitude 27deg. 37min. 8sec. S., longitude 141deg. 6min. E. " Water supply between Torowoto and Wright's Creek. - The country traversed to the north of the Torowoto Swamp and lying between that place and Wright's Creek is neither so well grassed nor watered as that to the south of the swamp; the land falls considerably as far as Cangapundy, and a great extent of it is subject to inundation. Nearly all the water met with was thick and muddy. It was obtained from small clay pans, most of which would probably be dry in three weeks. This applies to all the places at which we found water, with the exception of Cannilta, Caugapundy, and the four waterholes to the south of Wright's Creek. " Cannilta. - Cannilta is a waterhole of good clear water in a small rocky creek, which runs out on the low mud flats and swampy ground lying between Altolka and Tangowoko ; it is situated in lat. 29deg. 26min 42sec. S., long. 142deg. 40min. E. by account, nearly a mile from the north-westernmost point of the swampy ground. This point may be distinguished by the growth of a coarse kind of reedy grass, which does not make its appearance on the southern portion of the swamp or lake. The water in the hole was only two or three feet deep, but is well shaded by box trees, and will probably last two or three months. The temperature of the surface of the water at seven a.m., November 2, was 60.5deg, ; that of the air being at the samo time 60.0deg. " The Cangapundy Swamp. - The Cangapundy Swamp is an extensive tract of low clay land, which bears the appearance, as regards the vege- tation on its banks, of having a tolerably perma- nent supply of water ; but, unless some portions of the swamp are much deeper than where we passed, the water could not last throughout a dry season. The banks of the swamp are densely clothed with grasses, marsh mallows, polygonum bushes and shrubs, which shelter numerous kinds of waterfowl and snakes. ' Character of Land. - It will be seen by the tracing that a large proportion of the land be- tween Torowoto and Wright's Creek is com posed of low mud plains and clay flats, subject to inundation. Most of these are devoid of vegetation of any kind, and others carry some limited salt bushes and coarse grasses, which appear to be struggling between life and death. Bounding the mud flats are generally some stony rises, well-grassed and sometimes lightly timbered. The more elevated plains are sandy, and support a fine supply of healthy salt bushes, as well as here and there a few grasses. On the rises to the S.S.E. of Cannilta may be seen great quantities of quartz rock, forming dykes in the schist rises. The latter in some places adjoin and run into hills of loose stone, having the appearance of indurated clay. From Cangapundy to Wright's Creek the ground is light- coloured and of a clayey nature ; it forms a series of dry clay-pans, separated from one another by low sandy banks, on which the vegetation was fresh and green. At about seventeen miles from the former place are three large holes with water from two to three feet deep in the deepest part, and at six miles further, another large one, which might almost be termed a lake, being nearly 1,000 links square. About these there were some lines of sandhills running about N. E. and S.W., and in one of the flats between the sandhills, I found several pieces of satin spar, in lumps the size of one's hand, partially buried in the ground, and all of them with the plane of cleavage nearly perpendicular to the surface of the ground. "'Balloo, or Wright's Creek. - The lower por tion of Wright's Creek, called by the natives ' Balloo,' is situated in latitude 28deg. 48min. S,. and longitude 142deg. 53min..E., by account. At this point the creek, after breaking into several small channels, runs out on a grassy plain, the water,continuing in a southerly direction, pro bably until it meets that from the Torrens and other creeks, at the Cangapundy Swamp. There was plenty of water in this part of the creek when we passed, but I cannot speak to its permanence. The banks are well lined with box timber, as well as with marsh mallows and wild spinach. The land on either side consists of well grassed sandy rises. At four or five miles above this the creek is a narrow, dry, sandy watercourse, winding through a grassy valley, which every where presents indications of the most violent floods. Beyond this is an extensive grassy plain and for three or four miles scarcely a trace of the creek could be seen. We then came to a clump of trees, amongst which were two large water- holes, surrounded by polygonum bushes, and containing great numbers of small fish. These holes appear to be permanent. We found about sixty blacks camped here. Above these water holes, which are together about half a mile long the creek again disappears on the plain. The land for the next ten or twelve miles in a N.N.E. direction is very fine for pastoral purposes, being alternately grassy plains and sand-ridges. At twelve or thirteen miles we crossed the creek where it has cut for itself a deep narrow channel, the banks of which are densely timbered and well grassed, but the waterholes are small, and contained very little water. For a distance of six miles the creek is of a very insignificant character. It appears to be divided into several branches, which traverse clay flats badly grassed. Here and there are some lines of low sandy rises with plenty of feed on them. All the water courses are distinctly marked by lines of box timber. At about nine miles from where we crossed the creek, and after traversing some loose polygonum ground, which was covered with mussel shells and a shell resembling a periwinkle we came to a branch of the creek containing a splendid waterhole, 150 links broad, and about half a milo long. A little above this the creek again disappears for a short distance, and then there is a long narrow channel of undoubtedly per manent water, being nearly four feet deep in the shallowest places. It is only on an average about fifty links broad, and well sheltered by overhang- ing box trees. The temperature of the water on the morning of the 7th November, at six o'clock, was 68deg. ; the temperature of the air at the same time being 50.5deg. One camp at this place is indicated by a box tree marked B over 1 ?? in square, tho geographical position of which is by account 28deg. 26min. 9sec. S. latitude, and longitude 143deg. 0min. E. In proceeding from here in a N.N.E. direction up the course of the creek - or rather of the water, for the creek is again lost on the plains for five or six miles - we passed the southernmost point of a prominent sandstone range, the nearest portion of which say about a mile and a half to the westward. At about nine miles we again touched the creek, where it was about three chains broad. The banks are firm and shelving, from ten to twelve feet above the water, and lined with box, acacias, some large gums, gigantic marsh mallows, poly- gonum, &c.; In the creek there is abundance of fish, and the ducks and other watorfowl on it are num berless. From what we have seen of the blacks, I should say the population cannot be far short of 150, and it might be considerably more. From here we proceeded in an E.N.E. direction, along the westbank of this fine waterhole, and at two and a-half miles found it begin rapidly to decrease in breadth, and a little further on there was nothing but a few small stony water-courses tra versing a dense box forest. At this point there is a level bed of sandstone pebbles, close to and over a part of which the creek flows. The blacks have here gone to the trouble of making paths for themselves, along which we turned off from the creek on a N.N.E. course, and at about three miles, coming on earthy plains, with no signs of water a-head, we again turned into the creek, and camped at a small waterhole. From here tho line of river timber continued in a N.E. direction. To the W. and N.N.W. is a line of sandstone ranges running off in the same direction. The land in the immediate vicinity of the creek, on the west side, is very poorly grassed all the way up from where we rested it. That on the east side appeared to be better. " I think there can scarcely be a doubt but what this creek is the lower portion of the War rego River, although I believe that its main supply of water is obtained from the adjoining ranges, which send down innumerable creeks into the flats through which it fows. " Some latitude observations at camp 53 - the furthest point to which we traced the creek - placed us in 28deg. 16min. 40sec. S., our latitude, by account, being 28deg. 17min. 8sec., and longi- tude 143deg. 18min. E. On Thursday, Novem ber 8, we left Wright's Creek, with the intention of crossing the ranges to Cooper's Creek. We found the land as we approached the hills well grassed, and in some places densely timbered. It is intersected by numerous watercourses, with deep sandy channels, in most of which there seemed little chance of finding water. We camped at a waterhole in McDonogh's Creek ; the spot is indicated by a gum-tree marked B over LIV within square. " De Rinsy Tracks. - Near here we found the packs of drays; there were four distinct tracks, two of which appeared to be those of heavy horse drays, the other two might have been made by light ones or spring-carts. We were unable to make out the tracks of the horses or cattle. I cannot imagine what tracks these are, unless they may bo those of De Rinsy, who, I believe, had some drays with him, and reported that he had been somewhere in this direction. From camp 54 to camp 55 we were obliged to take a very cir cuitous route, on account of the rugged and stony nature of the ranges, which were more extensive than we had anticipated - they stretch away far to the N. and N.N.W., and although we kept well out to the N.W., we were unable to avoid the low stony rises which adjoin them. " On the N.W. side of the hills we crossed two dry creeks, which flow in a N.N.E. direction, their banks were thinly lined with box-trees, and the holes in them were quite dry. From this we took a W.N.W. course, across undulating country covered with sandstone, quarts, and mag netic ironstone pebbles, so densely and firmly set together in some places as to have the appearance of an old-fashioned pavement. At about three miles we had to change our course to N.W., to avoid a spur of the high range on our left. At two miles further we came to a grassy flat, through which ran a fine-looking creek, but the bed was sandy and quite dry ; there were, how ever, a good many small birds about here, which would indicate that there must be water in the neighbourhood. We here again changed our course to W.N.W., and at six miles camped at a dry stony creek, having travelled about eight-and-twenty miles, over the worst ground that we had yet met with. On the morning of the 30th we continued on a W.N.W. course, across stony ground, of the same nature as that passed during the previous day, but at a distance of five miles we turned to W. ¼S., as the ranges appeared to be as low in that direction as in the other, and as they ran nearly N.N.W. there seemed a chance of sooner getting out of them, which we did at a distance of about eight miles more. " From the point at which we emerged from these ranges, the view was as follows : - From S.W. nearly up to N.W. were extensive plains as far as the eye could reach, intersected by numer ous lines of timber, the general direction of which was about N.N.W. ; several columns of smoke were visible along these lines, some of which had the appearance of camps, and others of bushfires. From N.W. to N. were lines of ranges running in a N.W. direction; and in the valley be tween us and the first spur was a fine line of timber, indicating the course of what appeared to be a large creek, probably the recipient of all the small creeks that we had crossed during the morning; in every direction there was nothing to be seen but tim bered sandstone ranges. At noon we crossed a small creek running nearly north ; the grass had been burnt on its banks. About half a mile beyond it was another creek, of a more pro missing appearance, and as we approached it we saw several crows as well as other birds in the trees. We here found a small hole, with teo water fast drying up ; it contained a lot of young fish, about half an inch long, and just sufficient water to re plenish our water-bags, and give the horses a drink. Below it the creek took a N.N.W. course, and was dry and sandy for a distance of two miles and a half, at which point we found some large but shallow holes of milky-looking water. On the plains near these holes we found large flocks of pigeons. The grass was very coarse and dry, and the water would probably not last more than a few weeks. "Horse Tracks. - On the plains to the east of the creek were the tracks of a single horse, which had evidently crossed when the ground was very soft, and gone in a S.W. direction. "Position of Water. - The waterholes are situated in latitude 27deg. 51min. S., longitude 142deg. 40min. E. ; by account from camp 55. From here a course of W. ½ S. took us in a dis tance of about twenty miles to Cooper's Creek, which we first struck in latitude 27deg. 49min. S., longitude 142deg. 20min. E. The land through which we passed on the 11th was so low and wooded as to prevent me from seeing the direction of the ranges ; the first five or six miles were tolerably open. We then came to a box forest, where the soil was loese and earthy, similar to polygonum ground. There were in every direction signs of heavy floods and fre quent inundations. We crossed several small watercourses, in one of which there was a hole of rather creamy water, at which we halted for an hour. From the waterhole we quite unexpectedly obtained a rather fine fish, about eight inches long, of the same description as the young ones we had found in Brahe's, Creek. " Cooper's Creek. - At the point at which we first struck Cooper's Creek it was nearly sandy and dry, but about half a mile further down we came to some good waterholes, where the bed of the creek was very boggy, and the banks richly grassed with kangaroo and other grasses. The general course is a little north of west, but it winds about very much between high sandhills. The waterholes are not large, but deep, and well 