ALTHOUGH the climate of Victoria has been admitted to be generally very pleasant and wholesome, it is undeniable that At times, and in particular localities, much sickness prevails. Not, perhaps, of that kind which would necessitate active medical treatment,but ratherof thatlow, feverish, weakening character, which the individual does not like to recognise as sickness at all, but which, in the lapse of a few years tells him convincingly that he is not the man he was. Such, in iU climax, was the prostration which subdued our lamented eiplorers, Burke ted Wills. A variety of causes, doubtless, contribute to deteriorate the value of life in this country, some, perhaps, not easily to be guarded against, and aome overlooked altogether, or their effects attributed to something else. We are no professors of medicine and hygeine, and are not going to inflict on our readers a treatise upon " What to eat, drink, aud avoid," but when a thins ia universally accepted aa being no 1ms beneficial to health, +Ii«ti ploBunnt end prnfit.fl.Mfl in it« »«u>, which yet seems not to be appreciated at its full value, we think wo are wt exceeding the functions of a jour ., ••ecom mending it to the attentii public. We would refer now to tlw - ruction of baths for the town of Maryborough. No one will deny the pleasure and advantage of having properly arranged baths, at all seasons of the year. Perhaps in no one particular ia the happy denizen of the metro; litaa towns more to be envied (hut in 1 possession of ready access to baths of all kinds,— not excepting that so< called exotic, the Turkish bath, oi hummaum. The man of Melbourne can for a trifle enjoy the advantages of a bathing at Sandridge or St. Jul da; or he may try the City Swimming Baths or the Yarra; or, if indisposed, he may put himself under the restorative treatment of the Olympic Turkish baths. But in the country, unless a man be strong and robust enough to walk several miles, where he may reach an uncomfortable waterhole, he is entirely precluded from the free use of the bath. J Now this is fi climate which imperatively demands daily bathing as a condition ot comfort, if not of health, and we should i think it was the boutiden duty of the maj gistrates of any town to look that ite ini habitants are provided with the meant of 1 ablution. Out Town Cpundl.for instance, has it* Board of Health, its Town IfafeaMgr, and framosits byj-law^ for thedueobliervftuee of t^aulijieas, and the abatement of nuisances? r Why then, should not tbe tonstarpctiou of baths form part of its care, having the health of the people in view solely ? "We often read in the public -journalBaboutthe danger pf nfienfire emelk andihtit Wort of tbiue ; but oiir owi opinion is, that with wholesome, food, properly cooked; pure water and plenty jot it: adequate shelter from wet, - heat and cold,—so seldom found anywhere; all the variety of stinks BO much complained of, though they Rivalled those of Cologne, would not greatly*affect the human health. Stinks are not necessarily unwholesome, else would the vulture and the jaekall, and the £pieurean devourer of veuison be most unhappily situated. But they get over the stink and are none the worse. What we suffer from in this climate is intense heat, with sudden changes; intense dryness, bad water and little of it; bad food and badly cooked; and the necessity of dwelling m.mules which are neither proof againstheatnoregW. and which are utterly unprovided with ihe means of a daily ablution. To remedy (his latter important defect; to improve the town by making it more attractive,—to say' nothing of creating business in other ways, —it would be a wise thing for (be Council to do, to consider the ho feasibility of con struct these public baths. Or, if the Town Council tfiink this matter beyond their functions as a body, they cannot but be alive to the importance of the subject as individual citizens. For the townspeople to derive any advantage from baths, they must be brought to their doors. People"do not like to exhaust themselves by walking to the dam at Mariner's Reef, a mile or so, and then returning, as J/iss Carolina Wilhrlmitia Skeggt says, " all a muck of sweat." No, the thing to be useful, should be at our very doors. If pipes were laid down from the reservoir now in course of construction to the"'flat between Nolan and Hospital streets, or a little farther do«ii, and the water here received in a spacious bath, we believe the thing would be patronised largely. Private enterprise might set it going, with the consent and aid of the Council, and the plan might ultimately be brought to include not, cold, and shower baths, with shaving and refreshment saloons, to the beauty Mid advantage of the town, and the benefit of the projectors. Such an establishment once fairly set agoing, would attract nombefs of miners and other from the neighbourhood, and Saturday would see the town quite full. Whichever town can offer the most attractions. will be sure to be most liberally patronised by the miner on knocking off work on Saturday; and what attraction call be offered so pleasant, so innocent, and so altogether unobjectionable, as the luxury of comfortable baths. We have hardly touched upon the future advent of the humnutum, or Turkish bath, a thing not to be written of hastily, but we have men this great institution sueered at by some ignorant cockney, as an effeminate ikati? luxury, „^JarB*h 4s, tbat&is; itfAdsftMMIft. Vrom limit of Persia to the banks of the Tweed, if not farther norfli, the Turkish bath was an important public institution. The remains of Roman baths are visible everywhere, wherever their power extended. With the overthrow of Rome bv the Goths and Vandals, this beautiful adjunct of Roman civic life was destroyed, and we, moderns, are but just emerging from the mist of our prejudices to the discovety of its use. The Turkish bath may be made verr expensive, as we understand it is in Melbourne, or it may he carried out in a very cheap manner, as the Russians use it. But, as we said before, it is not a thing to be hastily discus Bed. We shall be satisfied for the present, it we have succeeded in fixing the attention of some of our readers to the feasibility of establishing ordinary hot, cold and swimming baths in Maryborough. We tab the following from the Herald-.—" Janes William Dunbar, of Dunolly, solicitor. Causes of insolvency—Losses in mining speculations, fallingoff in business, and pressure of creditors Debts, £811 6s Cd-, assets, £14$. Mr. Goodman, official assignee." Oar Dsnolly correspondent reports the discovery of another reef on the west side of Quaker's Golly, Buret Creek, which hai been dabbed the "Modwyn" Beet The stone is three feet thick at the soritaa Very rich specimens have been obtained. He slls reports a rush near to Jones's Creek. The Annual Meeting of subscribers to ths Dunolly Hospital will be held at Frayae's Commercial Hotel, Broadway, Danolly, on Wednesday, 29th inst., at 8 p.m., for the purpose ofreceiriof the Teport Of the out-going committee, and tor ths election of offlcs-bearers tor the ensuing year. . Aa extensive bush- fire occurred last week near to Archdale, the station ol Mr. A. C. M'Dou*all. That gentleman found it necessary to ride to Oochrani fcr assistance, which he quickly obtaintd, a great number ot miners going barik with him. After a good dtal of labour they tueeae Jed in stoppU>0 ike fleo. M». IC'Done*]) spMlu blftlly of tb* COB duct of tiit diggers, without whose enerfetlc rid hsbeUersshewQUld barekftWo flocks pftheep. llis Vohutesr Iniplratiaa sstms to be Cut m- porating, notwithstanding that we an new sipposed to be at war with a great naral powar, vhidi aiay at any moment, for aught we know to the contrary, come upon tu in the skspe tffan " Armada" of filibusters. ' Ths Baiifo Advtrlittr laments that the ones fins body of -men whs oomposed the Rifle Corps at Sandhurst has dwindled down to a mere skeleton, and a oonelpondant, whose letter will be found elsewhere, writes ominously of the approacklng decease of the Maty* borough Corps. We trust this will not he the case. It wouid be too humiliating a confession to mate, that Maryborough, after getting up so cnditable a corps, should suffer it all at ouot to collapse, and, at it were, to commit voluntary suicide. An cxteoilre broke out aarfy on Thursday morning, In the premises of Messrs. Dorc and Oswald ship chandlers, Hinders-street. Owing to the nature of the stock it was not till nine o'clock that the Fire Brigade WM cnaWud to muter the fiamei. Nearly all the stock was destroyed, with tiie exoeptioa of that in the oellarage, where thwe was a large quantity of oil, tallow, Ac. Tht damage sustained Is estimated at £14,000, which li supposed to be oorersd by insurance. On Thursday ereafeg the committee of the Maryborough Fire Brigade met at the Bull and Month Hotel, T. Casey (e»jH«iu) in ths chair. &fter; the ukusl routinebusiness was disposed of H WMnsolviid that* hose, cistern, ladders, fee, far fbe nse of theQifcadet be immediately provided. • bretbtea of the Amherst to%o ofM. U. I. O. O. F. mast at a pic nie ntrt Wednesday, at the Coach and Hones, about sit milts from Maryborough, on the Avoca road. There will be a dinner In the evening at Brother Butler's Gelden Cross'Hotel. i " " • Ths Jf. A. Man states Dnt a mctnorUl to tit Exoelleacy, sgyost the oMttfatttnot of the special Chinese taxation, it being extensively circulated throughout CasUemalnc. The memorialist! pray that the capitation tax should rot be further enforced, and that the protection ticket should be reduced to £1 per annntn. The journals of Western Australia report the discovery of gold at a place called Northam, but hitherto ia Tory small qoaatitles. Somt £S,SOO was expected to be raited by private subscription and Government aid, which was to be offered aa a reward to the discoverer, or discoverer*, of a paying gold Add. Oa Friday, a lodge ia conneotkra with the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows, was opened at the Telegraph Hotel, Maryborough. Prorioclal Grand Master Bird,and DeputyP.G. M. Fawckner, with Mr. Willis, secretary of the Castlemalne District, arrived in Maryborough by the nine o'clock coach. In the course of the day some thirty brethren from the lodges aU Araham, Inglewood, aid Tainagulla, came into Maryborough to assist in the opening of the new lodge. The lodge was sptnsd at six p.m., as the Ixiyal Msryborongli Lodge, Ho. I a, Castlemaine District Twcntythree applicaatt were initiated, after which Mr. Lewis Levy was elected Noble Grand, Mr. Quick, Vioc Grand, and Mr. De Saulty, Secretary. Mr. Ogle was appointed Warden for the next three moo ths. The newly-elected offloers were duly installed ia office by the District Offloers, and the lodge was then closed with the usual formalities. The brethren then adjourned to the dining-room below, where an excellent spread had been provided by Brother Werner. It MM rather a supper, how. ever, than a dinto-, if toe is to be reckoned, as the proceedings did not begin till half-past ten o'clock. The chair wis occupied by the aewly-elected K. G., and the vioe-chair by the V. G, supported by the District Officers. Speeches, songs, and toasts be- i came the order of the day, or rather night, and the festivities wets kept up till the small hours of the next day. Fran the manifest interest and enthusiasm exhibited throughout the proceedings—which were conducted in an orderly and respectable manner—there is every probability that the new lodge will beooffie one of the strongejt in the district. The District Officer* returned to CasUematae on the following day. From a notice in the Sf. A. Mail of the opening of a lodgs at Flyers Town, we gathsr that there are not less than twelve lodges in the Castlemaine district, with about 900 members, aud a reserve fund of £SfiOO—a fact suggestive of the extensive and increasing popularity of these societies. Oar Moonimbelcorrespondsotgives very flattering accounts of the prodace of the reefs there, and says that some samples of stone fiotn Winspeare's claim surpass anything of the kind he ever witnessed. Several rich pstches of aiforial ground had been struck at the Potest Hut last week. The miners ysasiag through to New Zealand had much dwrested in number, and a good many •p si the claim* ia readiness fcra*ri»d aui i>f rtia. Paying £ol<! *Hkd been struck aboat four miles from the deep lead, between Borkiy and Moooambel, in three claims—24 feet sinking, but farther trial is necessary to prove the character of die new nub. The deep lead at Barkly is now four miles long, and varying from one to twenty claims in width. The Ararat Advrrlutr lately reported the mysterious disappearance of Mrs. Quain, the wife ot the clerk of potty sessions, immediately after the close of a pic nic {mrty to the lakes at Mount Drydea. The pic-nic pirty took place on the Uth inst., aad and the weather having been very hot, several of the gentlemen went In tor a bithe. In the evening Mrs. Quain went out for a walk, and from that time no trac« of her could be had though search was rojae In ertrj direction. At length, on Tuesday, 3lst inst, the hst of the unfortunate lady was seen floating on the water, and the body was ultunaidy recovered, about ISO yards from the landing place and about fifteen feet fwm the edge of the bank. The erUence at the inquest aflorded no positive proof of any cause of Mrs, Qoaln'i disappearance. One of the witnesses said they thought she was hiding herself in a joke. The verdict of the jury was that they believed thedeoeased was accidentally drowned. The only child of the deceased had met a shocking death sot long ago by the lack of a horse. The election of members of the Mining Board, for the Maryborough Mining District, is notified by tbe Returning Officer to take place on the Stnd February next Candidates' names are required to be forwarded to the Returning Officer within twenty-one days of tbe date of nottot, »oth instant The adrerttasmsst will he fbund in another oolumn. On Sunday lsst, a man named Thomas Williams fell down a forty-foot hole at Burnt Creek. He was got up and tsiken to the Dunolly Hsspital, nothing worse than a terere shaking having befel him. We observe that races and other sport* are ad' rertisod to come off to-morrow os th* Carisbrook Racecourse. Prises valued at £50, £io 10i., and £7 fa. an to be contended for. We sotic* by an advertisement in another oolnmn thst Mr. H B. Daly l» » oudidato ibr the vacaacy in the Danolly Town Council, caused by tiie tarfgastSoa of Dr. Cooper. The QatttU of Friday notlflet the ^ointment of the Hon. Mr. MUchdl as a Vice-President of the Board oT I*ndaoaW«*». About a week since we published an account of a meeting .of stodcowners snd others, who then drtsnainedto take the jwellmlnaiy steps let Hie formation of a company for the salting and prestrvingofbsefas an artide ofsxport. We understand that private enterprise had already com- Bietsoed the nuit.«&ctui;« of the same article, a vast quantity of Which S .lght be seat from tbe colony to advantage. Messrs. J*. Hayes and Co., manu&c; turets irf sosp, railway gresw, ffcc,, on the hanks of the Saltwater Hirer, and whsis manufactures many rwiders will remember to bare seen displayed at tbe late Victorian Exhibition, bare, some wook* sinoe, began to prepare boef for exportation. At prsteut the firm have oonfined thdr operatlon* to a doten bullocks a day, but thslr premises are capable of dealing with nearly 100. By even the present arrangefnonts, it ia estimated that the beefoould be sold inl^lrerpool at 3d per pooD^aad isarea Jargs profit to the merohant.— colonial stookowner, manufact4irer,and Arpu. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Maryborough District Hospital is to take place this evening, at eight o'clock, at the Mdvor hotel, for the purpose of receiving the report of the outgoing committee, sod to elect a now committee fbr the ensnlng year. It is to be hopod there will be a good attendance. We have received the first number of " The Illustrated Melbourne Post," a new pictorial publication, issued from the Herald office, which is to appear monthly, some days before the departure of the English mall. It Is a Very ctttditaUc productioi, and If carried on VJlh spirit oijual to it* iHom^e-wUl become-a fermlte fill 1 wwtmlsslftB to Europe. On Friday evening a meeting was held at the Commercial hotel, Maryborough, to concert measures with the view of engaging the AU England Eleven to play a match in this district. Nothing definite was arrived at, but a eommlttec was appointed, with Dr. Duan as sscretaty, and It was agreed to meet agaia next day. Accordingly, on Saturday evening a number of gentlemen met at the same place, (D. Taylor, Esq., in the chair) when Dr. Dunn reported his proceedings dnring the day. Several additional names were added t* the oommittee. It was understood from this report that no offer was to be expected from Messrs. Beatty and Wilson, and Mr. Legge being prepared to make one, conditionally, it was resolved that the: meeting should hear it. This ofier was then made and discussed, and finallyagreed to. A sub-committee consisting of Messrs. Taylor, Garland, Seers, Ogle, Piers and Dunn, was appointed to conduct the details of thearangement with Mr. Legge, and to canvass the district for subscriptions. From the liberality of the guarantee giro by the committee, and the proposition Mr. Legge is prepared to make to Meats. Spiers and Pood, there ia every probability now that the people of the district will have the satisfaction of seeing the performances of the world-famons All England Eleven. If Melbourne could produce her thirty thousand spectators to witness this popular game, surely there must be sufficient interest felt in the various towns and villages of this district to assemble a moiety, or a third of that number. This can hardly be looked upon as a local allair, but ai a matter which concerns the whole district. Some Srst-rate cricketers are expected from various places to make up a creditable district team. Telegrams will bo sent off to-day to Messrs. Spiers and Pond, so that we shall soon learn whether Mr. legged o8er has been accepted. On Saturday afternoon a man named Dobbin was dtowaed ia the Urge dam at the Mariner's Reef. From what we have been able to learn it appears that he could swim very well aid had swum out to some trees in the middle of the dam, when be suddenly disappeared. Ifiere were several bathers in the water, but the body was not recovered for some time after it had sank, when it was found that life was extinct. The police arrived to be removed to the Hospital, where it now lies awaiting an inquest. We understand the deceased was a carrier, and had only recently arrived from Melbourne, where he leave* a wife and two children. It is supposed that cramp was the eatue of Ids sinking. 