LIST OF DONATIONS TO THE AUSTRALIAN MUSEUM DURING JANUARY, 1862. A WHITE-FRONTED falcon (falco frontatus). By Mr. J. A. Brough- ton, Glenmore Road. A South Sea Island parrot (Psittacus) ; an orange-bellied grass parrakeet (Euphema pulchella); a South Sea Island cockatoo (cacatua moluccensis), a crimson-winged parrot (Aprosmictus erythropterno) ; a spiny echidna, or porcupine anteater (Echidna hystrix). By Charles Moore, Esq., Director of the Botanic Gardens. A foetus of a rock wallaby (Petrogale penicillata). By Mr. John Hodgson, 42, Cleveland-street, Chippendale. An albatross (Diomedea exulans). Bv Mr. William Buchanan, 127, William-street. An Australian goshawk (Astur approximans). By the Hon. James Mitchell, M.L.C. Two black snakes (Pseudechis porphyriacus). By Mr. E. Cow- dick C. Edwards. A live diamond snake (Morelia spilotes). By Mr. W. W. H. Heaven, Surry Hills. A live diamond snake (Morella spilotes). By Mr. R. A. New- man, Mamhead, Waverley. A Flinders cuckoo (Endynamis Flindersii). By J. S. Josephson, Esq., Enmore, Newtown. A short-nosed bandicoot (Perameles obesula). By W. S. Mac- leay, Esq., M.A., &c.; A diamond snake (alive) (Morelia spilotes). By James Mac- namara, Esq., 98, Hunter-street. A marites. By Mr Robert W. Guillan, 379, Elizabeth-street. A phasma (Phasma Titan). By Mr. George G. T. Stuart, Tarban Creek. A collection of birds, eggs, mollusca, and specimens of holo- thuria (beche- de-mer), from the north coast of Australia and the adjacent seas. By John M'Gillivray, Esq., F.Z.S. &c.; A giant Cyclodus, or sleeping lizard (Cyclodus gigas). By Mr. John Telle, 29, Crown's-lane. Funijo TEA MEETING.-Tho annual tea meeting takes piuco in the temporary Church of St. Silas, Botany-road, this evening, at halt-past six o'clock. Tho Ker. A. II. Stophcn, B.A., tho Hev. Thomas Smith, Mr. Alexandor Gordon, Mr. John "Vaughan, and eoveral other clergymen and gen- tlemen oro expected to address the meeting. SYDNEY UNIVEKSITY.-At a rueetiug of tho Fellows of tho University of Sydney, held yesterday, tho Hon. I'. L. S. Merewether, Esq. was elected Provost ; and tho Hon. E. Deas Thomson, Esq.. Vico-Provost. Tho vacancy ot Provost was occasioned by tho departure from tho colony of Sir Chas. Nicholson, Bart. THE Voi.UKTEr.ns.-It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that tho parndo of tho Sydney Battalion will take plnco at 0 a m., on Wednesday morning, instead of 7.30 in the evening. Tho Suburban Batlalion will moot by companies on their own parado-giound, at G a.m. on Ihursday next. MEETING OP COMMISSION* AGENTS.-A meeting of com- mission agents intcrcsfed in tho Shoalhaven district was held at tho sloio of Mr. W. Hezlct, Sussex-street, yesterday evening, the object being to discuss tho best means of ob- taining soiiio alteration in tho modo of delivering tho produce fiotn the district abovo mentioned at tho Pheonix Wharf. There wero about twonty parsons proaent. Mr. Mulholland was moved into tho chair, and ho opened tho proceedings by leading tho advertisement by which tho meeting was convened. Ho then observed that it was not necessary for bim to niako many remarks, as tho object for which thoy were assembled was well known to all of them. ï hoy bud bcun n-...ch inconvenienced, nTrl bad fro qucutlv lost much timo by the way things wero managed at (ho 'Pheonix W barf, and he had littlo doubt but that the company hud boen losers also. Wheat, mai/.o, and othsr produco had been frequently scattered about tho wharf, and somo of it lost through the want of a proper system of assorting and delivery. Ho did not want to cast nr.y rellcclion upon tho conduct of Mr. Manning, as manager of tho company, and ho believed the agontB generally felt similarly ; and if ho, as chairman, might bo allow ed,"ho would suggest that before any other stop was taken, they should uppoint a counnittco to wait upon Mr Mmuiing, to slate thoir grievance, and enquire what redress ho was prepared to offer. Mr. W. Hozlet agreed with the chnirirnn, that thoy did not wish to cast any discredit upon tho manager ol the company, but at the samo timo ho main- tained that some improvement was absolutely necessary ; ,bo atgued that the pioduce which was first brought down for shipment to Sydney should bo shipped first; but at present, a good deal that ought to take preccdcnco in boing shiiped waa left behind. Ho was of tho chairman's opinion, that boforo any hostile 6tep was taken, they should appoint n committee lo wait upon Mr. Manning, to ascertain his views upon tho question. It was of tho utmost im- portance, both to tho agents and tho producers, that tho pioduco should bo assorted and delivered in time for an tally mciket. The majority present being in favour of the oppointrr.ont of a cominittco, tho following gentlemen wore appointed to wait upon Mr. Manninir, at nino o'clock on Ihursday n.oining next:-Messrs. Brown, Voroy, Hezlct, M'Cafleiy, Davis, and Mulholland. Thanksbeing^ccorded to tho thoiiman, tbe mooting was adjourned to Thurs- day evening next, nt fivo o'clock. -p^ LODGMENT OF PEISLEY, THE BUSHRANGER, IN GUN- DAGAI LOCK-UP.—A correspondent of the Wynyard Times gives the following particulars of this desperado's safe re- ception into the lock-up at Gundagai, together with some additional information regarding his capture. He says :— On Thursday evening, the 30th ultimo, the Tarcutta mail cart arrived in Gundagai, having for a passenger the noted Peisley, securely guarded by Mr. Stephen, of Tarcutta, Mr. M'Kenzie, of Mundarlow, and Mr. Beveridge, of Wan- tabadgery. He was immediately handed over to the cus- tody of the police, and after being heavily ironed, was consigned to the lock-up. On Friday he underwent an examination before the Police Magistrate, on the charge of rescuing James Clark, alias Gardiner, from the custody of Sergeant Middleton and Trooper Hosie, on the 16th July last, and stands remanded to Carcoar, the district where the offence was committed. The following are the circumstances connected, so far as I have been able to glean, with the capture of the notorious villain. It appears that Peisley left the Lambing Flat on the 26th instant, and, passing through Kilpatrick's station, crossed the Murrumbidgee near Yamantree. On Friday morning, at an early hour, he arrived at McKenzie's Inn, at Mundarlow, on horse- back, and leading a packhorse. He remained to have both horses shod, and after liberally treating every one about the place, left without the slightest suspicion being excited. He continued his route towards Tarcutta, and it seems that when about two miles from that place he met constable Carroll, with whom he had some conversation. After they parted, Carroll suspecting that all was not right, and having a misgiving that the individual he had been conversing with was the bushranger Peisley, examined the description of him given in the Gazette, which he had with him at the time. This tallied exactly wilh the individual he had just left, and he immediately started in pursuit. On coming up with him, he enquired whether his name was Peisley, to which the fellow answered in the affirmative. Carroll then presented his pistol, ordering him to surrender, and to go with him. Peisley let the pack-horse go, and striking the spurs in his horse, started off at full speed, closely followed by Carroll, who perceiving that he lost ground in the chase, fired, and unfortunately missed. He, however, continued the pursuit, when Peisley, who probably had noficed the fact, that the constable's arms were but a single- barrelled pistol, turned upon his pursuer and threatened to blow his brains out if he approached nearer. Carroll, seeing that in his unarmed condition it would be utterly futile to cope with so desperate a character, rode back to Tarcutta for assistance. Peisley rode on to Mundarlow, and arrived about 2 p.m, To remove sus- picion on account of returning with only one horse, he stated that he had lost or left his pocket-book, and that he had come in search of it, and that the pack-horse was safe in the bush. After remaining about the public house for some time, and drinking with different indivi- duals, he was easily persuaded by them to stay till a heavy thunderstorm had passed off. Mr. M'Kenzie's suspicions were aroused by observing the care Peisley took to conceal a pistol that was stuck in the waistband of his trousers ; and Mr. Beveridge, the superintendent of Wantabadgery, who happened to be in the house at the time, was disagree- ably surprised to notice the sudden intimacy that had sprung up between one of his men and the stranger. Fearing mischief, he kept a strict eye upon their movements, and observing them pass round the house in close conversation, he passed into an inner room to watch . Peisley, observing him making a sign to his friend for silence, passed still further round the building. Mr. Beveridge now felt con- vinced that some villany was afoot, and getting unperceived to a window where the lattice was closed on the outside, he heard his man and his newly acquired friend vowing to stand by each other, and arranging matters in a way that caused him immediately to mount his horse and ride to Tarcutta for the police ; Mr. M'Kenzie keeping a sharp look-out in the meantime. On arriving at Tar- cutta, he found the police in search of Peisley, and then the quality of Mr. M'Kenzie's guest became tolerably clear. Taking a pair of handcuffs, Beveridge rode back at speed, and hastily arranging the plan, with the assistance of the groom, and Mr. M'Kenzie, Peisley was secured while taking his tea. After a slight resistance, he was secured by a chain to a heavy table, and guarded through the night by Messrs. M'Kenzie and Beveridge. During the night the groom, who had assisted at the capture, managed to get exceedingly drunk, and enter- ing the room where Peisley was confined, com- menced to abuse him. On being ordered out, he became refractory, and it required the united efforts of M'Kenzie and Beveridge to eject him from the room. They had barely got rid of him when Peisley jumping up, capsized the table to which he was secured, breaking the crockery thereon, and putting out the lights. He then made frantic efforts to wrench off a leg of the table, which however proved too strong, Had he succeeded, he would doubtless have done some serious damage. As the Tarcutta police had not returned from their search on Friday, Mr, M'Kenzie not relishing the company of his guest any longer, with the assistance of Messrs. Beveridge and Stephen, escorted the prisoner to Gundagai. During the journey he conversed freely with his captors regarding his exploits, and appeared to be thoroughly indifferent as to the consequences. On arriving at the gaol, he was perfectly calm and collected, and even assisted tho gaoler in rivetting on the heavy leg-irons that were immediately placed upon him. BUSH Fines,-On all sides of us bush fires appear to be raging, and at night the glare of these conflagra- tions hns rather a fino effect, reminding one strongly of the English night-scenes in the neighbourhoods of I Dudley and Wolverhampton. We have not learnt ' that any damage has as jet been done by those bush fires to the settlers. In this respect we are more ( favoured than some of the districts in Victoria, where the destruction of agricultural property to a large ex- tent, and in some instances the loss of life, have been among the sad consequences of «he bush- fires that are so freauent at this season of the year, and the prevent Sniw^^'"' ÄWe!Sr0Bd°UrP0WerS aR a 