1 WINDSOR. ' , TrROM OUR CORRESPONDENT,] I 1 I _ .- L i JANUARY 13.-INQUEST.-DSOWNIITO.-An inquest yvas held on Thursday last, ut Pitt Town Bottoms, before Mr. White, coroner, : and jury» on view of the body of a boy named William Cotton. ' From the evidence of Martha Toyvnsend,wifcof William Townsend, I yvith yvhom the deceased was living, itappcaredthat between nine and ten o'clock on the preceding morniug,'the boy, in company with ] her, went into the field for the purpose of driving some cattle off the com. Sho left, and told him to drive them to water in the ! creek. Not having returned, in ten minutes afterwords Mrs. j Townsend went to look for him, but for some time could not dis ' coy cr him. Her attention was directed to a piece of stick floating .j in the ci eck, near nn oak tree, and on looking she saw the boy in . a standing posture in the yvater ; his head appeared to be about ) three inches under water ; he had all bis clothes on ; I called my husband, who brought a boat and lilted the hoy out of the water. A verdict was given accordingly. This, we believe, is the fourth child which has been lost to the Townsend family by drowning. BUSH FIRES AND ACCIDENTS RESULTING THEREFROM.-The neighbourhood of Windsor was entirely surrounded last week by what are denominated bush fires. Several serious accidents have been caused by them, one of which was the burning to death of a young woman named Sarah Jane Stinson, at the Kurrajong. An inquest was held on the body on Friday last, before Mr. White and a jury, when the following evidence was given :-Elizabeth Stinson deposed : I am sister to the deceased ; on Wednesday last, in the afternoon, the deceased and myself went to see the bush fire which had broken out, and was extending towards the Grose river, about half a mile from where we live ; we tried to put it out with some branches ; my sister was passing near some high grass when her dress took fire ; I immediately ran to her, but she made for the river ; my father (who was also present endeavouring to stay the fire) overtook her, and we tore the clothes off her ; she was dreadfully burnt from the head to the hips ; I put my own dress over, and we then brought her home ; on the the way home she said she thought she would die before she reached home ; Dr. Selkirk was immediately sent for. William James Stinson, farmer, father of the deceased, corroborated the evidence of his daughter; Dr. Selkirk deposed: I am a duly qualified medical practitioner, and reside at Richmond ; on Wednesday the 15th instant I was called upon by Thomas Stinson to visit his sister Sarah Jane, who, he said, had been seriously burnt in endeavouring to extinguish a bushfire ; I accordingly proceeded to her residence at North Richmond, where I saw the deceased, whom I found to be in a state of complete collapse, resulting from a very severe burn ; the trunk of the body was literally roasted ; and I was satisfied that life could not be sustained many hours ; I understand she only survived one hour afterwards ; I believe the death to have been the result of the shock produced by the accident. Verdict accordingly. j TIBE.-On [ Thursday evening last, the house of a poor man , named.Davis, yvith a wife andlvcry large family, who wos living at the Eastern Creek, was burnt to the ground. Tho whole of his, , household ^oods were lost. A subscription is being raised in his ,, behalf. Wo have-also been informed that tv. o largo barns con , taining a quantity, of grain, on the Nepean, weie burnt dowri. , BAUDMERANC. CRKEK BRIIIOE.-Mr. Collison is the fortunate tenderer for this yvork. The co6t of tho buiUUng has not tran- spired. - . i WEATHER,-At length we have been blessed with son» refresh- ing showers of rain. It commenced on Thuisdjy last, since v> hen it-has continued off and on. Tho corn crops hi some parts look "lemarknbly yvtll. Goon NEyvs Fon Srom-aMBK.-Saturday's Yass Conner contains, thp following notification :-Those who take delight m fowlb.g have now an opportunity of indulging in turkey-shooting, a-j at the present time there are numbers of wild turkeys to bf,met with cn the plains. 