SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 27,18G2. Wo havo made public many com- plaints of the want of liberality Bhown by tho Government in restricting the uso of the Yan Yean as a motivo power. It is a matter upon whioh those who desire to avail themselves of this very useful and powerful agent have a pecu- liar olaim to be met in anything but a spirit of meanness. Â large amount of motive power now lies dormant within the pipes which bring us water from the Yan Yean reservoir. Its use would givo an impetus to manufactures, and be of very great benefit to the oolony, as well as to individuals, while the de- crease of smoke in Melbourne, conse- quent on the disuse of steau,, would bo a great gain to the whole of the in- habitants of the oity. Mr. ACHESON, in his prize CBsay on the collection and storage of water in Viotoria, estimates that the Yan Yean might bo made available for an actual motive power of 800 horses per day; and we havo reason to believe that this estimate, so far from being excessive, is something like twenty-five par cent, under the mark. This power could be used without in any way sacrificing the requirements of tho city for domestio or other purposes. It is hardly requisite to point out the great advantage it would bo in summer if those who are obliged to spend a large portion of their time among machinery were enabled to sub- stituto a olear and oooling stroam of the Yan Yean for all the smoko and heat of a steam-engine. Regarded simply as a question of rovenue, it would be a gain to the state to allow the supply of the Yan Yean as a motivo power to bo obtained at a very much lower rate than is now demanded. We have the authority of a practical engineer and one well qualified to form an accu- rate opinion on the matter-for stating, that if tho water were sold for this pur- pose at about one-3ixth of the oxiatiog rate, more than £5,000 per annum would be added to the present revenue derived from the sale of water. Moreover, the quality of the water for domestio pur- poses would be greatly improved by the maintenance of a larger and moro rapid current resulting from the increased supply. But in faoe of all this, and of repeated protestations on the part of the publio, the price of the Yan Yean water as a motive powor remains at a prioe whioh not only entirely preoludes its use for this purpose, but whioh is an advance upon the rate formerly ohargod. In another oolumn appears the letter of a trades- man who purohased a hydraulic en- gine on the faith of information given him at the department under whose oon trol the Yan Yean then was, that ho could use the water as a motive powor fo.r ¿£12 per annum. Having expended his hundred pounds on an engine, on the faith of this statement, he is told soon afterwards that not only must he buy a metre, which would cost him about £10, but that the water will bo meted out to him at the rate of Is. per 1,000 gallons, whiob, ho says, would amount to 15s. a day of twelve hours per horse power, whilo by steam he could use the same power for 2s. a day. Of course, he does not work his hydraulic engine, and his £100 is thrown away. And thistis no solitary case. We happen to know that between twenty and thirty hydraulic engines wore set up in Mel- bourne immediately on its beooming known that they could be worked at £12 per year per horse power. Not one of these-or not more than one is now at work, or likely to bo, while the present price is exaoted for the water. And 100 or 150 oellar-pumps are at a stand-still for the samo reason. This stoppage of the cellar pumps places a grave responsibility upon tho department. For the purpose of re- moving so fcrtilo a souroe of disease in the oity as oolleotions of stagnant wator beneath the houses, tho very lowest possible ohargo ßhould be fixed. Indeed, it is a question whether making any ohargo for water so used be not a serious mistake. It is undoubtedly the duty of Government to encourage in evory possible way, the efforts of the oitizens to remove anything oven in direotly oonduoivo to disease. They now offer a very powerful discouragement to the removal of a fearfully direct and immediate cause of typhoid fever. Of the general adoption of the Yan Yean to tho full extent of its oapaoity, were tho ohargo reasonable, there can be no doubt. At one-third of the present price, it could successfully compete with any motivo power that oould bo obtained. We havo before us some oarc fully prepared^ and, wo believe, entirely relioblo Btatistios and calculations on tho snbjeot of the oost of three different motivo powers j but without going into tho details of these, wo may state the conclusion to whioh thoy lead. The com fiarativo coat of steam power, manual abour, and tho Yan Yean, as it is, and as it ought to bo, is shown to bo as follows : s. d. Steam costs, per horse per hour . 1 3 Manual labour .3 9 Yan Yean, at Is. per 1,000 gallons... .,30 Yan Yean, at 4tJ. per 1,000 gallons.1 0 Thus thoro are numorous and power- ful reasons for, and none against, the I utmost liberality being exercised in al- lowing people to avail themselves to the utmost of this powor. If it be objected that it would bo diffioult to check fraud and insure the use of the water only for the purpose of machinery, the answer is simple, but conclusivo. Every tenant has to pay for tho Yan Yean as Boon as it is laid on in his locality, whether he uses it for domestic purposes or not, BO that in this foot alone lies ample pro- tection against any abuse of the right to employ it as a motive power. There could be no difficulty in guarding against its uso to work an engine of greater horse- power than was paid for. Wo hope the faots we havo hero made public will not bo quite without effect upon tho Vioe-President of the .Board of Land and Works. Why should tons of thousands of in- dustrious men and women continuo un- employed and hungry in Lancashire, when they oould bo useful and comfort able in the colonies? Surplus there, and a burden on the public resources, they would be a souroe of wealth and strength in a new land with varied and virgin fields for enterprizo and labour. In anoient times, when popu- lation grew to bo too abundant for tho looal means of support, the youth of the oountry went forth in im menso masses seeking and only finding new homes by the help of the sword, dis- possessing communities numerous, and ofton more civilized than themselves. But in the present day, when the waste places of the earth have been all dis- covered and mapped out vacant, and in- viting the presence of tho emigrant, where he has no ordeal of war to go through before undertaking the task of settlement, emigration is only gradual and a matter of driblets, no longer an adequate, organised, and simultaneous movement on the spur of neoei-sity. The ocean, it seems, furnishes greator obstaoles to suoh movements en masse than waa once experienced from the opposition of warlike nations, and the scienoo and ingenuity of tho nineteenth century have not BO far afforded a suitable remedy. If it were not so, dis- tressed Lancashire would not long oon tain within its narrow bounds a popula- tion as multitudinous as all tho Aus- tral ias, despite their illimitable oppor- tunities of absorbing and employing any influx of inhabitants. The task of energetically assisting to balanoo population over the globe by more oomprohensive and national arrange- ments of transfer, relieving at the same time the misery of old coun- tries and satisfying the primary want of the now, is one of the most prominent and practical requirements of the day, and it is a problem on which suoh bodies as the Social Soienoo Congress lately sitting in London might usefully bestow attention. It is a question well worth considering in England, whether the system of assisted emigration might not with profit be taken up by the Im- perial Government on a now and much moro extensivo soale. Britain has planta- tions in every quarter of the world ready and anxious to receive her surplus hands ; she has under her soep'tre many a vacant shore on whioh new settlements i might advantageously be founded ; she has fleets of war-chips " laid up in ordi " nary" in her dockyards. In periodioal seasons of destitution like the present, it is surprising, therefore, that she docs not adopt the practice of the old Greek commonwealths, and send forth, not by hundreds merely, but by myriads, the workmen she is unable to employ. Tho Parliament could afford to vote the sums of money needed for such a purpose, and the Admiralty oould transform thoir dismantled men-of-war into roomy passen- ger ships. It would bo a more repro- ductivo expenditure, surely,of publiooash than more almsgiving, than outlay on publio works, or tho various other mothoda of relief commonly resorted to on theso ooeasions. It would easo the tax-payer of the burdon of the poor rate, and would moro materially benofit tho national pooket, by enlarging exist- ing colonial markets, and creating new ones for British produots. Suoh arrange- ments should be as periodioal as tho returns of that wide-spread destitution, whioh, as matters stand, must bo re- garded as ohronio. For the American war is only the immediate oause of the dis- tress so terribly felt in Lancashire, and whioh is ramifying over tho kingdom. The fundamental cause, and whioh gives every now and then suoh facile room for the disastrous operation of accidents, is tho density of population compelling millions of people to depend, without any dernier ressort, on the sustained prosperity of industries whioh are ex- posed to danger by every breath of chango abroad-by the olosuro of a market for the wrought produce or the temporary curtailment of the supply of the raw material. The planting of flourishing colonies has done fully as muoh in building up the greatness of England as the possession of thoso mines of coal and iron which under- lie half her surfaoo, and it would be true statesmanship in her rulers to aooelorato the growth of thoso dependencies, and inorease thoir num- ber, by the skilful management of opportunities like tho ourrent ono. It would bo turning to profitable aooount even these periodioal seasons of distress. Suoh deportation, at neod, of the unem- ployed, would be a souroe of additional prosperity^ the mothor country hersolf, because widening the commercial basis on whioh that prosperity rests. And if, on the reourrenoe of " hard " times," it is England's interest to help the surplus to emigrate, instead of by eleemosynary devioos imperfeotly re- lieving their wanta at homo, it ia at all times the interest of the colonies to assist their coming. Just now the introduction of a considerable numbor of tho persons whom reoent events havo cast out of employment in the old country, might bo rondered speoially valuablo to Viotoria. We have roaohed a period of our career when the desiro for establishing manufactures has arisen among us, and tho olasses unfixed at homo are preoiscly the manufacturing olasses, Tho distress is not confined to tho cotton-spinners: as might be>cx peoted, it is fast extending from tboirs to all branohes of handicraft. The exigencies of the four millions of people dependent in one way cr other on tha fabrication of cottoD, havo mfuralb occasioned a glut of labour ia mor; towns than those of Lancashire, and in moro trades iban tho great staple oao There are at this moment a vast num- ber of skilled operatives ready to leavo the old country when they oan find tho opportunity j and if wo oonld secure the introduction of a certain proportion here, we would be in a position to essay thoso industries, of tho importance of starting whioh we have talked so muoh. And let us remember that wherever manufactures aro moat flourishing, they first obtained firm root by tho sudden influx from one causa or other of skilled workmen. The fabrication of woollens never assumed importance in England until "nume. rous bodies of trained hands wera brought over from Ghent, Bruges, »ntl other famous cloth-weaving towns oi Flanders. The industrial activity of Manchester received its earliest and most marked stimulant from the settle- ment of numbers of skilled workmen whom the persecution of tBe Duke of ALVA had driven from tho Netherlands. And the silk trade was similarly planted in Spitalfiolds and Norwich and Coven« try, by tho presence of the French refugees from the Edict of Nantes. We will novcr have a fairer opportunity than this for introducing new and pro« Stable branohes of business-the nuclei for the future employment on an exton« sive Boale of our capital and labour. England oannot provide for all those men at nome-emigrato the best of them undoubtedly will, and instead of suffering thom to find their way to tho established factories of America, it is her interest in every sanse tLat they should swell the cenBus-roll of her own possessions. YeBterday afternoon, at two o'clock, tho Northam steamed from her anchorage, on her voyage to Galls, with the mails for England, We regret that the New Zealand mails have again missed. They have been brought by the steam- ship City of Hobart, Captain Darby, which reached Hobson's Bay last night, and which only just failed to put them on board the Northam. It waa intended that the City of Hobart should leave Port Chalmers on tho 17th inst, but she was delayed on her downs ward passage by heavy adverse gales. She sailed from Hobson's Bay on the morning of the 9th inst, and on the 16lh was within sixteen miles ol Otago Heads, So violent a galo WSB blowing f i om tho north- east, however, that Captain Darby was foreod to put back to Bluff Harbour. He reached Port Chalmers at nine p.m. on the 18th inst., discharged 100 tons of cargo, took on board 230 tons of coal, embarked tho mails, and sailed for Melbourne at eight o'clock on the morning of the 19 h inst. Throughout the voyage across, hard gales from W.N.W. have been experienced. The City of Hobart, how- ever, made a successful passage, and was off Cape Schank yesterday at live o'clock pm. Half an hour afterwards, Captain Darby flaw the Northam coming out from the Heads, He wa? near enough to see the Northam stop to put tho pilot on board tho cutter, and ho gave chaso, hoping that the Northam would recognise his signals, and stop to take the mail on board. As evening fell, ho fired rockets and burned blue lights, but the Northam would not wait. The Hobart had gained on the Northam, but Captain Darby seeing the mail steamer firing up, saw that it was useless to continue the pursuit, turned hack when he bad passed the Heads about eight miles, and made his way up the bay. The City of Hobart brings six cabin and thirty-five steerage passen- gers, but no gold. The weather throughout tho round has boen of the soverest character. The ship Robert Henderson was at Otago Heads, and the Sea Shell, from Melbourne, was spoken off Cape Saunders. Nothing bad been heard of tho Comet, and the Omeo waa not seen. The Otago Haily Times of the 17th inst. remarks as to the news carried by the mail:-"Should the City of Hobart not arrive in time to return to-day, wo believe the Superintendent, with the advice of his Executive, will endeavour to charter the Ban gatira or the Quoen to proceed to Melbourne, The mail is more than usually important this month, conveying home, as it does, the menage decided upon by the Assembly the Home Go- vernment, as also the final action aken by the Ilouae in regard to native affairs, The weather is so rough that on no account should the de- parture be put off beyond this afternoon. Last month, by starting on the 18th in similar wea- ther, the Gothenburg was too late." The Supreme Court, in its appellate juriadio tion yesterday, revsrsed the decision of Mi Justice Chapman in the oaso of William Ptrry, insolvent. The Chief Commissioner had ro fused the certificate, on the ground that the insolvent had npropriated to his own uto property, or moneys, entrusted to him as "a trustee or agent only," he having sold bricks for the Government, and paid the money into his own general account athisbankors'at a time whan he was Insolvent, but still "in hopes of carrying on." Mr. Justice Chapman reversed the decision of the Chief Commissioner, He held that an auctioneer v.'ho receives tho proceeds of goods entrusted to him for sale, and pays them into a general account into which ho pays also all his own moneys, and out of which ho pays his own debtB as well ns repajs the proceeds of sales due from him to customers, and who is known by his customers to do this, does not oome within the meaning of the Insolvent Act, if his inability to repay all the moneys he has received as proceeds has como about merely hy the dwindling away of his funds, and not hy any spécifie misappropriation of any speaifio sum trusted to him as agent only. The Appeal Court held that an auc- tioneer, who is simply employed as Bach, is merely an agent to sell and to hand over the proceeds; that a person so employed has no right to deal with the proceeds as MB own ; that his safer course is to keep a separate deposit account, and that it ho.does deal with such moneys as bis own, though ho may be safe BO long as he is not deteoted, yet, if he becomes insolvent, he falls within the scope of the act, and his certificate must be refused. Wo have our files from Sydney, by the Wong» Wonga, to tho 24th inst. They add nothing, however, to the news of which we were pre- viously in possession beyond the fact that in the Illawarra district extensivo bush-fires «ero raging. From tho letter of the Wellington correspond ent of the Otago Daily Time), dated the 13th instant, wo leam that there aro divisions already in the now Ministry. Mr. Russell and Mr Sewell havo resigned. The steamer Lord Worsley has been wrecked on the Taranaki coast. The Otago Daily Tima, in its summary for England, speaks of the wreck and the oonduot of the natives in the following terms :-" The Lord Worsley was wrecked onthe Taranaki boast. The natives took possession of the wreck and held the passengers prisoner». Finally they decided to escort them to the town- ship (New Plymouth), and gavo thom their liberty. Thoy showed great personal kûidnes», but it was the kindness of 'a conqueror treating his'helpless foes with consideration. They had seized l.OOOoz. of gold; this they also gave up. Asaiatanoo was1 endeavoured to' be sent from the town to the shipwrecked passengers, but tho natives required tolls for pass'ng through the gates, amounting to about £1,500. These gatOB, be it unders'ood, are on ground purchased by Europeans, but since claimed by the natives to havo been re- won by rigbt of conquest. Had tho passengers not been delivered up safely, Colonels Warro and Butler would have endeavoured to forco a passage. Expectations are anxiously directed to Sir George Groy, to Bee whether he will submit to tho wreck being retained in the bands of tho plunderers." The business at the St. Kilda Police Court yes- day comprised a longer list of cases than usual, but none of them were of a very important cha- racter. Mr. John M'Kenzie, who is himself a justice of the peace, was summoned before his brother magistrates for suffering water containing offensive matter to run from a cesspool on his premises into the public street. The case had previously been before the Bench, and Mr. M'Kenzie now stated that the nuisance had been abated ; but the inspector of nuisances was of a contrary opinion. The defendant was fined 40s., with 2s. 6d. costs, the fine to be reduced to 1s. iif the nuisance were promptly removed to the satisfaction of the inspector. Six market gardeners were fined 10s. each for spilling offen- sive matter in the streets, A few days ago the defendants were removing a quantity of blood and offal from the Sandridge abbattoirs to South Brighton, and in passing through the streets of the St. Kilda Municipality, they carelessly allowed some of the matter to drop from their carts, and it caused an offensive smell, which extended for half a mile round. William Dickson, of the Prince of Wales Hotel; James Mooney, Royal Hotel; William Pitt, Star and Garter Hotel ; Frederic Rees, the Pembroke Hotel; Henry Rose, the British Hotel; Thomas Bradley, the Bay View Hotel ; and J. B. Kelleher, the Court- house Hotel, were each ordered to pay a fine of 7s. 6d., and 2s. Gd. costs, for keeping their house open for the sale of liquor after ten o'clock p.m., without having a night licence. Bradley and Kelleher were further charged with having a bagatelle-board on their promises, without having a licence for the game. The magistrates cautioned tbe defendants, but did not inflict any penalty. The driver of the cab No. 529 was summoned for driving his vehicle in the South Park. Mr. G. Loder, professor of music, who had hired the car on the day on which the trespass complained of was committed, attached the blame to himself ; and, after bearing what he had to say in explanation, the Bench thought the justice of the case would be met by ordering the defendant to pay the cost of the summons. At the same time, they told him he had no right to drive his car in the park, and cautioned him against repeating the offence. In this part of the world spring is undoubtedly tho most enjoyable and exhilarating period of tho year. A few wooka of such glorious balmy days as we had yesterday would more than com- pensate for the annoyanco caused hy all the hot winds which visit ua in tho course of a Bummer, In the Botanic Gardens, the recurrence of spring is very marked. The trees, shrubs, and flowers, are now nearly at the height of their beauty. Most of the beds of the garden are decked with n gorgeous array of varied and beau- tiful colours, and tho sweet carolling of the birds onhances tho pleasure which overy visitor to the gardenB must foci. We havo recently drawn attention to some of the principal floral novelties; but as "many a flower is born to blush unseen" by the casual visitor to tbo gardons, we may bo excused endeavouring to roacuo some others from obscurity. Near to Dr. Mueller's residence are to be seen several varieties of ratacious plants, now in bloom, and alco a specimen of tho Thomasia, a rare bueltnoariacious plant from Western Australia, In the small conservatory thore aro several objects which* will well repay a visit. Amongst thom, we may mention a coffee tree, which is beginning to bear berries; the cyprHtdium venus, a curious specimen of the "ladies' slipper," from Nepaul, in India; and the Tropoolum, indigenous to Valparaiso, which is remarkable for its graceful foliage, and the hundreds of tadpole-shaped red and blue flowers which it bears. The large conservatory, we may mention, has been repainted, which gives it a very light and elegant appearance. The cluster pines aro in full bloom in various parts of the gardens, and several Capo bulbs are in flower. The African marigolds, of which there aro some eight or ten varieties, are likewise to be seen in full perfection. Indeed, nearly all the flowers are now in full bloom, with the exception of the rosoB, the development of v/hioh has been chocked by tho longth and severity of the winter ; but with a continuance of yesterday's fino weather, they will, no doubt, soon add their beauty to the other attractions of the garden. Wo are informed that Messrs. Crouch and Wilson, architects, of this city, aro the Bucoeesf ul competitors for tho one hundred guinea prize, offered some time since in our columns by Messrs. Iredale and Co., for designs for their new busi- ness promises, to be erected in George-street, Sydney. Contrary to tho usual practioe, Messrs. Iredale and Co. called in the assistance of one of the leading architects in Sydney to assist in the selection, and this course, so often advised by tho profession, must be an assurance to the non-suc- cessful, both here and in Sydney, that the prize has been fairly awarded. We have not seen the design, but are given to understand that it pos- sesses several novol and elegant features. The last meeting of the Fitzroy Council, pre- vious to the election!, was held last evoning. The chairman (Mr. Brennand) presided, and thero were also prosent Councillors Bryant, Groom, Born, Cohen, Falconer, and DalzieL Tho principal feature of-the evening's proceed- ings was the presentation of an address to the chairman, for his services as such during the post year, and as a councillor for throe years. The address was very nioely got up, and handsomely framed, Mr. Cohen made the presentation, on behalf of the council, and Mr. Brennand acknow- ledged the compliment in a speech of some length, at the olose of which there was considerable ap- plause on the part of the councillors and the spectators in the body of the hall. A voto of thanks was also tendored to tho three rothintr councillors, Messrs, Falconer, Dalziel, and Bren- nand. Amongst tho correspondence, communi- cations were read from the Government, with respect to the municipal commission, and from the chairman of the municipal conferenco, describing the steps whioh had been taken by its members for the purpose of furthering the in- terests of the different municipalities. Both communications wero referred to the Legislative Committee, to bo dealt with by them. At the East Collingwood Polioe Court yester- day, a boy about twelve years of ago was fined 5s. and 5B. 6d. costs, for assaulting another little boy named Joseph Grienon, whilo the latter was on his way to church, on Sunday last. It appears that this little rascal is in the constant habit of annoying little boys and girls, the latter especially, in a most improper manner. Besides the small fino imposed, the boy was strongly cautioned as to his future behaviour. * Captain Darby, of the steamship City of Hobart, was entertained at a public dinner in Dunedin on tbo night of the 18th instant, and presented with a purse containing a hundred sovereigns, for his services in connexion with the trade between Melbourne and Otago. Tho oity coroner held an inquest yesterday, at the Governor Arthur Hotel, Little Bourke-street west, on the body of Samuel Prosser, n green- grocer, who died that morning from tho effects of tak'mg a quantity of laudanum, Caroline Protrter stated that the deceased was her husband, and his age was forty-five years. He had left eight children. Ile had been a hard drinker for several years, and for a long time was drunk every day. He was accustomed to commenoe drinking at four o'clock in the morning, and, having got drank, ho would como and lie in bed until be got sober, when ho would re-commence drinking. They had constant quarrels about money, and they had had one on "the pre- vious afternoon, about five o'clock, when her husband wanted money to got drink with. She would not give bim any, and ho went out. Ho had 2*. or 3s, in his pocket at tho time. He returned at seven o'clock, and went to bed about eight, quite drunk. He fell asleep. Before ha got to bed, abo saw' that he had some- thing in a glass. He said it was a black-draught. Witness's Bister tasted what was left in the glass, and she said it was a black-draught. Deceased had threatoncd to poison himself many times, but Bho did not think ho waB taking poison when he took the draught. He went out after he took it, and sho saw nothing more of him until the morning. As her husband did not get up, witnoss sent a man into the room where he slept, and the man called out to her that her hus- band would not wake up. Witness went in, and found deceased apparently asleep. He turned round, tried to Bpeak, and thon went off to sleep. Witness sent for Mr, Filzgerald, surgeon, who came and attended ber huaband until he died, shortly before eight o'clock in tho morning. Witness found two bottleB whore her busband kept his books. These were respectively labelled ".Laudanum," and "Poison." Her little son had said he had seen his father with two bottles, and it was then that search was made, and tho bottles were found. That was on the morning when it' oc- curred. Mr. Lamb, chemist, proved having sold to a person resembling deceased an ounce of laudanum, at about throe o'clock on Thursday afternoon. The man said ho wanted it for a horse. Witness frequently sold laudanum in quantities for horses. Mr. John William Hood, chemist, Elizabeth- street, proved that on the pre- vious afternoon he sold one ounce of laudanum to the deceased, who said his horso was ill. He asked witness tho dose, and said he was in tbo habit of giving about halt-nn-ounce. Witness told him to give tbo horse about one-third of tho quantity. Witness knew the deceased ; ho was in the habit of dealing with witness for drugs. Deceased did not nppear drunk when he was buy- ing the laudanum. Mr. Fitzgerald provod having been called that morning, at a quarter past seven, to visit tho deceased. Found him in a state of coma. His pupils wero contracted, and his brea'hing was stertorous, Ho could not bo roused. Got him somo coffee, but he could not swallow ; and before witness could use a Blomach-pump, tho man died. The cause of death was poisoning by opium. Verdict-" Died from a poisonous doso of laudanum, taken by himself while in a state o' intoxication." Mr. M'Kinlay, the explorer, who arrived in town on Thursday, by the Balclutha, from Sydney, attended a special meeting of the Ex- ploration Committee yesterday afternoon, when Dr. Eades, on behalf of that body, congratulated him on the successful accomplishment of bis expedition, and bade him a hearty welcome to Melbourne. Mr. Landsborough and other gentlemen wore present. Mr. M'Kinlay will have, on Moadny, an interview with His Excellency tho Governor, and on Monday even- ing, it is understood, will lay before the Royal Society Bomo particulars of his oxpedition. A noticoappeara in the Publie Lands Circular, calling upon persons who have made complaints against the conduct of the land-officer at Cam- perdown to appear at Geelong, on Friday, the 3rd October next, at eleven a.m.; and at C imperdown, on Monday, the 6th October, at the same hour. The inquiry will bo conducted by Mr. Brough Smyth, the secretary for mines ; and we have been in- formed that it is Mr. Duffy's intention to cause a rigid investigation to bo made whenever com- plaints of a similar kind aro addressed to his department. The district coronor will hold an inquest to-day on the body of John Mitchell, farmer, at Greens- borough, who was murdered on Wednesday ni^ht, at his own residence. Some further particulars have been ascertained since the first accounts reached Molbourne. It appears that the unfor- tunate deceased was sitting with his wifo in his parlour, whon they heard a noise, as if some person was outside, and endeavouring to got upon the premises. Deceased went to the door, taking a poker in his hand, and called out, as if speak- ing to somo ono, " What do you want here?" It would seem that the only reply he received was a stab with a knife in his breast, and he then stag- gered back to the house. His wifo asked him what was the matter ; to which he answerod, " I am done for ; look to the children." He died in a few seconds ; and it was found that the knife bad struck against a bone, and glanced off, entering the heart. A man named Grimshaw has been arrested as the porpetrator of the deed ; and it is known that he bas been for some timo trying to get possession of tho daughter of do ceased, a young woman of nineteen years of age, and deceased had objected to his coming to the place. The supposed murderer is of about the samo ago as his viotim, and lived in tho im- mediate neighbourhood. A knife has been found in the prisoner's possession, which is Buspected to be the weapon with which death was inflicted. A special meeting of the Regatta Committee was held yesterday afternoon, at Marshall's, when there was a eood attendance. Mr. Tyler was elected to the chair, A letter was read from Captain Bancroft, enclosing a subscription of £5 from His Excellenoy Sir Henry Barkly. Also one from the secretary of the Melbourao and Essen- don Railway Company, stating that they would he willing to run special trains on the day of tho regatta. The question as to the course -was then brought forward by Mr. Mason, from whom, it will be remembered, a letter was received last week, objecting to tho Saltwater River being selooted as a course. After some little discussion, it was put to the meeting whether the subjeot should be reopened, and tho votes being equal pro and con., the ohairman gavo , a cast- ing vote against* the matter being again discussed, as the decision arrived at by the com mitteo on a former occasion in favour of tho Lower Yarra had mot with the approbation of a large majority of gentlemen, SB appeared by proxies which had been sent in, and whioh wero twelve against Bevon. was arranged that each memborof tho committeo should take part of tho duty of collecting subscriptions; and the meeting adjourned till next Friday. Among the schedules received yesterday by tho Chief Commissioner of Insolvency waa that of John Greenlaw Foxton, the chairman of the Provident Instituto, and John Porter, tho manager of that institute. The causes of insol- vency are stated to bo depreciation in the value of property on which tho institute bad advanced money, and the inability of mortgagors topsy either principal or interest. The assets are set down as £228,825, and the liabilities as £260,169 14s., leaving a deficiency of £31,34414s. A project for erecting a central passenger station in Melbourne, and connecting the various lines of railway now in existence, was brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Railways and Roads yesterday, by the directors of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company. The contem- plated site for the station is the unoccupied ground in Flinders-street, adjoining the present terminus of the Hobson's Bay Railway; and it is proposed to construct a branch line, running over a viaduct, along the vacant land lying on the south side of Flinders-street to the Spencer street Railway. It is also suggested that the Suburban line should be brought into connexion with the central station by a tunnel passing through the embankment of Prince's-bridge. Mr. Elsdon, the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Rail- way Company's engineer, who has prepared plans of the scheme, estimates that the cost of carrying it out would not exceed £80,000, which is one third less than the estimated cost of constructing the proposed central terminus near the old cattle yards, at the north end of Elizabeth-street. The company wish the Government to undertake the work, or to afford them facilities for doing so at their own cost. The Commissioner said that the engineer-in-chief would examine the project and report upon it, and that it would then be dis- cussed by the Government. A meeting of the Angling Club is called for Monday evening, at Marshall's Hotel, It is to be hoped the attendance will be numerous. By association much may be done to improve the sport the rivers and baye offer to the anglers of the colony. The Royal Park Cricket Club open their season hy a game this day, on their ground, and between' members of the club. The first matoh will bo between their first eleven and that of St. Kilda, and will come off on Saturday next. The game between the first eleven of the Melbourne Club and twenty-two will be continued this day. At present the eleven have scored 103 in their first innings, and tho twenty-two Bixty-oight for six- teen men. Among the passengers who loft by the mail steamer Northam, yesterday, was Mr. F. B. Franklyn, the proprietor of the Berald news- paper, and also a gentleman well known in our commercial circles. A few hours before his em- barkation Mr. Fruiklyn was presonted with a handsome claret-jug and an inkstand, »ouvenirs from the gentlemen connected with the Herald, The inkstand waa entirely a colonial production, the receptacles for ink being formed out of sec- tions of emeuB' eggs, and tho Btand being of blackwood. The Richmond Artillery meet for carbine ball practice this afternoon, at the Hawthorn Railway Station, Hawthorn, at three o'clock. The two mates of the ship Herbert were brought up before the City Polioo Court yesterday, on warrant, charging them with murder, and the caso was remanded until Monday. One of the Now Zealanders now performing at the Princess's Theatre wag brought before the City Police Court yesterday, for rescuing a woman of bad character from the custody of a polico-con stable, and the Bench sent him to gaol for seven days. David Terry, alias Peter Reddy, who escaped from custody in the Richmond Polioo Barracks about sixmonth) since, wasyestorday brought be- fore the Bon ah at tho City Police Court, and re- manded to Geolong, on a charge of forgery. There is a second charge against him for escaping from legal custody. The Mount Alexander Mail has the following:— "At the meeting of the Sandhurst Council on Tuesday, a letter was road from the railway secretary, respecting the meat traffic stating that the carriages had been ordered, and that, if necessary, special trains will be run, to allow of the delivery of the meat in Melbourne at an early hour. This information possesses interest for purveyors of meat in this locality, who, it is understood, are anticipating doing a trade with the metropolis when the road is opened. When that long-looked-for event occurs, the people of Melbourne will be enabled to enjoy meat of a better description than they have ge- nerally been accustomed to." We have our files from Hobart Town to the 23rd, and Launceston to the 24th instant.' A prospecting party have obtained gold, of a Bhotty character, in the ranges between Cape Otway and Colac, and they ere sanguino of dis- covering a paynblo lead of gold before long. The Ballarat Star sajs:-"Air, Dunn for warded by railway to Melbourne yesterday forty four bales of Bool, tho first instalment of a clip. The wool was consigned to J. H. Clough and Co., and is the first that has boon', sent down from Ballarat, though not the first received here." Seven tons of quartz from a reof known as the Vineyard, near Castlemaine, crushed on Tuesday last, gave the largo return of 102oz, of retorted gold. The folloving contributions havo boon received during the week in support of the Collingwood Soup kitchen :-Mr, Craven, per Mr. Weir, £1 ; Mr. Davidson, 5s. ; Mrs. M'Grogor, Rob Roy Hotel, a large supply of beef ; MT. Degraves, one sack of flour. / A Berious accident happened yesterday to a young man named Patrick Reynolds, who was driving a water-cart on the road between Kew and Hawthorn, when hU horse shied and ran away. The driver, who had been on tbo cart, was thrown down and the wheel passed "over his body. One of his logs was alco broken by the fall. Ho was removed at onoo to thePMelbourno Hospital. The Rtohmond Cricket Club open the sea- son by a scratch match, on their ground, to commence at two o'clock this afternoon. Sides to bo choson by Messrs. Mortimer and Greeves. His Excellonoy the Governor and Lady Barkly wore present at tho performanoe of tho Maories, at the Princess's Theatre, last evening. At the weekly meeting of the exocutive com- mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, hold yes- terday, tho superintendent made the follow- ing return :- Number of inmates in the homo, as reported last week, 546 ; admitted since, 76 ; persons who have received out-door relief, 92, Total relieved, 714. Discharged from the homo during the week, 49 ; total at prosont remaining, 573 ; consistinï of-children chargeable to tho Government 307, and 266 persons chargeable to tho society. 