LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tur Sra AXES took tba ebalr át twenty-seven mini p*at three o'clook. ... MR. WEAVER. Mr. DALGLEISH asked tbe Secretary for Po Works-If he will lay upon the.table of thia Honii copy of the agreement between the Government and late-colonial architect. Mr. Weaver, now the engin for the line ot railway from Windsor to tho Gi Western Bail way f. Mr. ARNOLD had not the slightest objection to tbe papers on the table, bat be tbonght it would b verygreatineonvenienae. if all docnmenta in tba pol servioe were to be laid on tba ' tabh. The honorai member could ate th« documents whenever he liked. THE CENSUS OF 1S6L Mr. PIDDINGTON asked the Colonial Seorelarj When the report of the Registrar- General, with detai tableB, of tbe censas of tbe ; oolooy, taken on tbe ' April, 1861, will be laid upon the table of thia House Mr. COWPER «enid take the opportunity of express! hia regret that the report bad not been ready at I commencement of the session, bnt the tab were -very elaborate, and notwitbsranding tbe exertions of tbe Begistrar.General, he bad been i able to prepare Item yet. He boned tbat the tables a the report would te ready on the 20th of this month. TALA AND MOOLPA RUNS. Mr. W. FORSTER asked the Seeretary for Land« When will the' additional paperp, having referense the Tala and Moolpa Buns, ordered by this House, January 10, be laid upon tbe table? Mr. ROBERTSON «aid thé papera asked for bad be a long time in the banda of tba arbitrators. Tbe arbiti tion had conoluded, but tbe award had not been give Aa soon aa that had taken plane they would endeavour carry out any request of the House on the matter. PAPERS. Mr. RORERTSON laid on the table oertaln retur relative to lands authorised to be dedicated for religio purposes «Ince the passing of the Conatitution Act. < CULGOA AND WARREGO DISTRICTS. Mr. DANGAR asked the Colonial ¡Secretary-1. it is tbe intention of the Government to establish a poli force, and form a station - in the CuUoa and Warre, districts; if so, how soon 7 3. Is the Government «wa that several molders bave been committed in ha Warre, district, and the murderers are still at large T Mr. GOWPERJsald a detachment oonaistia of anoffia« sergeant and two constables, all mounted, had been de patched to Port Bonrke to strengthen the force thai whiob would thus bo enabled to afford protection to tl adjicent districts of the Culgoa and Warrego, was also in contemplation .(when practicable) form police Btallons connecting Port Houri with other established ?? polios stations. . Wil regard to tba second question a report had' bec received of a reoent murder of two men by tho blacks, o the Calgoa River, and the polioe were now io pursuit i the offenders." Bnt be would observe that from the wc the question waa put, it would seem to show that sever; murders bad recently been aommiited in tbat distria but' there was really 'only the one case be ba meotio-ed. ; Mr. DANG IR had heard of others. FALBROOK AND GOORANGOOLA. CREEK. Mr. BUCHANAN asked the Secretory for Londs Whm the road liom Falbrook and Goorangoola Creek t Camberwell will be proclaimed f Mr. ROBERTSON said tbe intended formation of tbs line of road had just been approved of by thé Executlv Council, and would soon be prcoloimed. CHINESE POLL-TAX-QUEENSLAND. Mr. DANGAR askd the Colonial Se-iretaiy-1. If tb Government intend to appoint aa offiaer at or near Sural to coiled the poll-tax on Chineso ooming from Queens land to the Bogan and Lo lian gold diggings? 3. Ar the Government aware that large numbers of Caines immigrants'have recently been landed at Queenslam from China? Mr. WEEKES said in reply, that Surat was ISO milo north of the New South Wales boundary, nod it was no the intention of the Government to nppoin : an offloei- ti collect a poll-tax on the Chinese there. (Laughter. Secondly, tbe Government were not aware that isrgi numbera of Chinese had reoently been landed in Queens land from China. FREE LIBRARY. , Mr. LOVE aBked the Colonial S.oretary-When dori the Government intend to oommence the building cf i public free library, for which a sum of money WJ3 votec last session ? ? Mr. ARNOLD sail, since that money was voted he had made what inquirios he bad been able. In the firsi place, as to tba site. Hs found some difficulty ia pro: curing one. It seemed to him there was BO eligible site in the possession of the Government preoisely 6ui:able for tbe parpóse; aod, after a good deal of consideration and inquiry, he bad come to the determination thai the best plan would be toadverlite l'or a site. With regard to the building itself, one had been suggested, and re- ferred to the proper offioer to report on, bnt be believed he had b<en unable ta approve ot it; and it appeared to them they would have to ereot one. . With regard to the designs of the building, be thought it would ba better to call for designs by publio competition ; also by ad- vertisement. . Í , . NORTHERN-GOLD-Ft'ELDS. ' : Mr. HOSKINS asked the Secretary for Lands-When will the Government bave the land surveyed upen tbe various gold-fields in tho Northern distiiots, for whiob applicationr* have been mode -to the Surveyor-General for permission to purchase, ander the provisions ot the 8 ch clause of the Crown Lands Alienation Aar, which provides for the'sale of landunon gold-fields, npon whiob improvements have been effected fi Mr. ROBERTSON said that inBtruotiocs had already been' given, but nwing to the quantity of work in barjd, when they would bo carried out waa uncertain, but no unnecessary d»lav would take place. . .' MRJ'COLLETT AND MR. QUODLING. Mr. HOSKINS asked the Secretary for Publio Works -1. Whether he is aware that, on January 7th, 1863, William Bickford Collett,. Eeq., late Commissioner for Roads, and at prenent Superintendent of Main Roads in the Northern'districts, gave tba following evidence (at page 360) before tbe aeteat committee of the Legislative Assembly, appointed to inquire into, and report upon, the circumstances oenneoted -with tbs resignation of Mr. Quodling, late superintendent of roads in tbe Northern district1):-" That he (Mr: Collett) had discovered that Mr: Quodling's bank Account bad been kept in a moat ir- regular, and what be should consider, fraudulent manner; that biB accounts bad been falsified; and thar, therefore, be had no hesitation in [saying that Mr. Quodling was a person not'wortby of confidence in any respect, beoauae he bad been guilty of fraud ; that bo intended' to have a warrant against bim, charging him with'embezzlement; that the casa was before the Crown Solicitor ; and that br (Mr. Collett) bad given the whole statement of the matter to tbe Government ; and tbat he intended to take every step-to hove Mr. Quodling prosecuted?' 3. Whether the Minister for Public ,Works is aware that H f. QoOdlicg is ¡at the present time a contraetor on the public roads in -, tba Northern distiiots t. 3, Have tbs Government'taken' the 'opinion of the Crown Solioltor upon Mr. Collen's information ; and will the Minister for Public Works ;have any objection to lay upon the table of this House a oopy of tbat opininn, together with a statement of the facta whiob were laid before the Crown Solieitoif . "--.< , '. Mr. ARNOLD begged to inform the honorable member that, bovlng tnmeu io tba page of the report he referred to, the answers to the-questions were correctly repeated BO far he was able to judge. (Laughter.) Seoondly, fae was not aware that Mr. Quodling was a contractor on the : roads; certainly not in his department. The Govern- ment bad taken the opinion of the Crown Solicitor on the matters alluded to in Mr. Collen's reply, and he was unable to lay them on the table of the House, because they were viva voce opinions. The whole of the matters, BB they were submitted to bim, were submitted to the Crown Solicitor, and a variety of inquiries were made, tha result of which was tbat the Government took no steps to prosecute Mr. Qiodling. Bat he might say that the principal complaint against Mr. Quodling was that be had not paid over money entrusted to him for the -men; but, at the present time, that money was paid. THE AUSTRALIAN LIBRAliY. Mr. HOLROYD anked the Secretary for Publio Wotha -1. If any ogreement bas been entered into between the Government and the trustees of the Australian Library for the purpcBa of their building in Bmt-street? 3. And if so, has the Govern- ment any objection to lay upon the table of the House the correspondence in referenoe to tho pnrohase ef the building ? Mr. ARNOLD thought no agreement bad been en- tered into between the Government and the trus- tees of tbe Australian Library for tba purchase of the building. The Government bad inquired of tba trastees as to the price they asked for.the property, and 1 tnett tcp1? the Government considerad to ba extravagant. Tba Government then propoaad to them thal tba way cf arriving at a lair prioa would bi by «rbi ra and they, ai tba -ama time, premised tbat if tba a waa reieoaable tba amount aboold ba placed on th< timaiep. Mr. WILSON^ asked what waa tb« ol jaet of .tn« poird purchaser Mr. ARNOLD : For the Worka Department. SYDNEY DISTRICT COURT. Mr. HOLROYD asked the Seeretary fer Public VT -If it be tbe intention of (he Government to rec mend, daring tbe prêtent «n^aion, the ereetirn aaiteble bnilding for the district coart in Sydney t Mr. A IN OLD said tba-a wm ni intention of the Ternment lo recommend aa suggested (jarina the prei session, because a reecmmrniation had already t made by Ibe Hoaae. Protiainrj hid betn made laat ; for the erection of bul] linga to the extent of £10.1 The reason why nothing bad been done till now i that, although tba mat'er had engaged attention of tbe Government acme t before as well aa alter the reeommendai and a great variety of inquiries bad been rx ade, Government were desirous of obtaining accommoda for ail the law cooria in Sydney; bat tbe present aaa modsiion of the (district coart was altogether inst cien', and the Government were desirous of serai temporary buildings of a more suitable obaracler in meantime. A p'an for a suitable building for a dial coori bad been aubmiited to the Government by the j. per officer, bot tbey thought it extremely desirable I some general plan abou'd be come lo for a bnilding include the Supreme Court, the Insolvent Court, and Distriot Court, consequently he waa not disposed eommit himself le aa isolated scheme for a distriot cn ( building. It waa therefore neoesBary to consider w accommodation would ba required by tbe judgas i i different offiaers, to be provided for, and tbe urgenoy that accommodation ; and although replies bad been eeived from tbe distriot court jadgee, . n< had been reoeived, so far as fae km from the judges of the Supreme Court, It waa of ci aiderable importance that tbey should enter upon general scheme, embraeing all the Sydney law courts', " KING-STREET TO GOVERNMENT DOMAIN, ' Mr. HOLROYD asked the Seoretary for Public Wot -If the Government have any intention of openi King-street into the Government Domain ;' and if i when 7 Mr. ARNOLD said the honorable member would a that it was impossible to make anoh an opening un same other provision was made for the acoommodatl of the distriot court, wbiehnow blookcd up the paru in question. Until suoh provision waa made, the pi sent bnilding could not be lemoved ; but so soon as t building could be polled down, tba passage would opened and formed. MB. WHITTON AND THE PITT-STREET TRAMWAY. Mr. DALGLEISH asked tbe Seoretary for Pub] Works-1. Was Mr. Whitton, a« eogineer for railway consulted on the advisability of sending for Train's trat way iron and car.? 3. Did Mr. Whitton signify bi* a prove) rf the projeot nf laying down tramrails , in Pi street t 3. Did Mr. Whitton t-aperinteod the constra lion of the Pit -street tramway, so a» to btv responaib for the defects in that workf <t. Did Mr. Whitton in ai way pro est «galas: that description of rail as notadapli for the in iE 11 Mr. ARNOLD siid, with regard to the first questro Mr. Whitton belog absent, he hal been unable to ii quire; but he thought Mr. Whitton was consulted in tl matter; He did not clearly anderstand what the bono; able mersb >r meant by "consulted." He did not mes to say that tl:at gentleman was in any way responsib for tho pattloular material wbisb wis sent for. Wit regard to the second question. Mr. Whitton did not aj prove ot it. He oppoBed the project ; and BO entirel . was he opposed toil, that fae declined to have anythin to do with it, or to be employed in tho survey. He ba asked Mr. Whitton to put his views in writing on tb matter. That gentleman reported that the tramway wa first projected by Sir W. Denison in 18Ö7, and entirely i opposition to the proposal from himself as to the ronl of the lin». Not acquiessing in bis proposal, bis Exoel lency sent for Captain Martindale, and the oonstruotio waa recommended'by him, but he (Mr. Arnold) won! remind tho House that they finally decided on th matter. In reply to the third question. Mr. Wbittoi said the rails for tbe tramway were ordered by Captaii Martindale, BB commissioner; and bad bis instruction been properly attended to in England, the rails wouli have been laid down in the manner iutended by the in ventor. Bat the rails sent out were found ta have i difference-of fl in ge, which rendered it necessary to UB them in tbs same way aa on railways. He ( Mr. Whitton further eaid the tramway was aa good a tramway as coull be laid down. It bad been prop -sly constructed ; bul tbe difficulty waa the warplog of the limbe "whioh waa colonial, and not properly seasoned, but wbiol was laid down in nooordanoe with the directions of tb Legislative Assembly. ("No, no." Mr. DALGLEISH " Most insulting.") The tramway rails were laid oown ii tbe only way that they could be made serviceable, and il wonld be useless for bim (Mr. Whitton) to answer tba opinions of non-professional persons, ignorant of -» /Laughter.) He (Mr. Arnold) thought that was au answer to the third question. With regard to the fourth question, Mr. Whitton did not proteBt against tba rails, beoause ho (Mr. Arnold) reoolleated that be advised to send home for the most approved rails, recently intro- duced into Lrndon end Liverpool. . Mr. DALGLEISH said the letter read was most insult- ing; and tbat it should be made a record of the House, ao that they might have it for future use. . Mr. ARNOLD thought he would not be justified in acoeding to ibe honorable member's request. - The report was sent to him (Mr. Arnold) by his direotion, and'Mr. Whitton waa perfectly right io defending himself from attacks made against him in that House, to. whiob. he contd not replt. ? ! , Mr. DALGLEISH moved that the letter ba printed. Mr. ARNOLD would consult Mr. Whl.ton before he consented. Mr. W. FORSTER t Were they confidential letters f Mr. ARNOLD : They were. Mr. MORIARTY thought they should be laid on the table. (Cheerp.) Mr. LUCAS : They had baen read, and they would have them some way or other., Mr. PIDDINGTON: If the letters were confidential, why did ihs honorable member read them t ? .. Mr. ARNOLD only referred to parts. . '? Mr. PIDDINGTON suggested tbat a notice should be given to »sk for them. ' Mr. DICKSON fiaid the honorable member could move for the papers in the asnal way. Tbe honorable the Minister for Works had'read the papers, butl li?, was quite justified in withholding tba: printing until ordered by the House. . ' ' Tue SPEAKER said the more general, course would be for the honorable member to give notice of. motion. Mr. ARNOLD said he had been askid a question, in reply to which be refetred to certain notes he held aa to what tcok place between himself and Mr. Whitton, and it was out of tue power af the House to ask for their production. ACCOUNTS RETWEEN NEW SOUTH WALES AND QUEENSLAND. : ; ' Mr. WEEKES moved for leave to bring in a bill fer determining tbe portion of the public debt cf New South Wale» to be . borne by the ' colony of Queensland. The bill had been introduced last sessslon, but pressure of business compelled ita withdrawal. It provided for tba appointment of a commissioner by each colony to determine the mattet, and of an umpire to be agreed upon by the Governors of the two colonies; and it declared the award of the ampire to be final. It pro- vided for the ptinciples by which the inquiry should ba conducted.. The publia debts raised for Sydney wonld not have tobe considered, but all tbe other public debts of tba colony , would have to be apportioned according to the benefits tbenoe derived by tba respective colonies. The bill cleo made various provisions as to tba seourity ol debentures of tbe colony. Mr HOLROYD said the bill broke down last session because they had no means of enforcing the award of tbe arbitrators. Dr. LANG supposed there wan honesty enough beyond the boundary of New South Wales to cooaent to any reasonable arrangement. It waa simply their duty ' to elate what waa tbeir demand, and no doubt the people of Queensland would accede to it. , Mr. - PIDDING ION said the question wa«, if a large sam....were lonna to be due to New South Wales by Queensland, what authority had they to enforce payment. Mr. FORSTER thought that all the correspondence on the eubject waa not before the House-it was desirable that they should Bee it. By the correspondence already before the House, they would find that the question had been settled between Queensland and the Imperial Government. Tbeir Legislature had come to the conclusion that New South Wales owed them a large sum ol money. On that subject they could not expect Queensland to aot reasonably, he would not say insanely. AU the Queensland Government wished waB that New Sooth Wales should legislate in order to Becure the value of the Queensland debenture?. If the oolcnyowed Queensland anything, no doubt they would be very happy to receive it ; bat if they owed sixpence, neither Now South Wales nor the home Government, be believed, bad the power to make them pay it. Mr. MORlABTi called attention to the laot that the HU was fox an arbitration, and Queensland mut appoint aa arbitrator. Be I boa ghi Queensland woo Id »st et jest to an eward airen partly by therflaetveaw Mr. WEEKES thoogbt the honorable member. HR I Forster, had forgotten lhat Queensland bad «Jresat] paaaed a bill bindiog itaelf in tbe usa tarma tbat tba Mil before them wonld bind New South Wales, anett! that were iba eaae, they had no riebt lo wy tbat Quorn*, land wonld not a-ibero to 'he award. Tbe reason tba! the colony of Queensland had applied to tba Himetlos. crament waa the delay of New South Walea in dealaafl with the matter. Mr. W. FORSTER explained that he bad only .sid] that tba people »I Queensland had made np their Wi ra al that New South Walea owed them money. Leave waa then gitan. The bill waa subsequent** read a firm time, and tba second reading was made aa order for Thursday (ibis dav) week, . \' PEUTÍONS. Mr. HART presented a petition from five hrraarasT and twenty clergymen and Romeo Catholic laity'of StV Mary's Church, Sydney, in favour of Church and SohoeaV Landa Endowments* Th« petition waa received. M3PM0RRICE preaented a petition from 101 persona, in favour of the Ministerial Church and Sobool Land ar Bili. ' Received. * MOTIONS POSTPONED. s" YT. ROBERTSON postponed the motions stabdiaa* in hia name, for leave to bring in a bill to provide a feast for suppressing nils affecting the pastoral interaat;-fa* the legistration ot cattle branda;-for the destruction os* native dogs;-and to legalise preferable liens on yeathy oropa. 7' '* PROHIBITION OF GRANTS TN AID OF PUBLIC? WORSaiP. Mr. COWPER asked leave of the House to bria g kat a till lo prohibit fatuta grants of public money in aid af" pabilo worahip. (Cheers.) He would eborlly state tasr olauses of the bill, aa he did not suppoae that any da bats would arise on thia motion. The bill rontainaoT four clauses, sf which tbe first prohibited all'futan grants out of the public money to ministers of religion g Tbe second clause coolinued existing stipends to miniav tera now in receipt of them, as long as they continue to> officiate ander lawful authority in the colony ; t£e tbfrti provided that the st pends, aa they fell io, should beooasai part of the consolidated revenue of the colony ; and tb«) fourth excepted from tba operation of tbe Aat stipe ada to chaplains of gaols. He now moved for leave to briney in ibis bili. (Cowra.) " Mr. ROBER I SON seconded the motion. '' Mr. W. FORSTER bad no intention of going into tba details of tbe bill. Bat be beld in hU band a copy of tba» Governor** apeeob at the opening of the SCS^IDH, in whjakv his Exaeltenoy told that House and the Conncirtbat a bill would be introduced abolishing State-aid to religion. (Loud cheers.) He (Mr. Forster) wished to,know if this was the bill promised ? (Mr. CCWFER : ^!Tee."> Then be (Mr. Forster) wondered that the bill wáá?aot as entitled. (Hear, bear.) The peculiar lille of fne bilaV eballecged discussion. It proposed to do wbaflt waa not competent to ibe Hon SB to do-(bear, beer)-ito pro- hibit future grants for religion, lt waa evident tba* no power on earth could prohibit: thar Parliament at . any future lime from ' 'hualag, giants for any purpose. The bill carried a falsehood oat ibe face of it; and was, therefore, entitled to b«. receive* with Busoloion, and be (Mr. Forster) did recelve'it wita) suspicion, (Ironical cheers.) Hil Excellency,'-'as the) ujouth.pieoe of this Government, promised a'bill tov aboli-b State-aid to leligion. Then why not entitle tba hill a bill to abolish 8tate-aid to religion f" The till» of the bill was. an absurdity, end placed npon ,the very threshold awakened just suspicion., (Hear, bear.) Ha could not sit down without referring lo the mariner isa whiah the bill was published io one of tbe pa'pars, aa companied by an article ot the moat hypocritical cbaraetsar cf anything be ever saw in tbe press. (Hear, bear.) ("In what papert") He referred, to,an article in thar Empire. He bad no doubt the honorable member badi' read ibo artiole, and no doubt read il before it was printed^. He would not assume that the Government sent s eoaw of the bill to tbs paper. By one of those gifts whiob in« spired nen had ot certain moments, the writer had anti- cipated the contents of the bill. It waa a pity'th's gift of inspiration was not more largely possessed by mrso bers of that House. He could not allow the motion to pass without expressing his opinion that the title of thar bill waa snoh as to justify suspioion. ' " Mr. BUCHANAN was very much surprised at tba opposition to thia motion.. It proved the fanaticism of npposition whiob animated honorable members opposite» (Hoar, bear.) The honorable member objected to tba* title, and thought it should bo entitled " a Bill lo abcliahv State.aid for Religion." If they put tbe title " to abollar*. State-aid for religion," tbat wo'ald not prevent futur» grants. The title showed the anxious desire of thai Government to pot nn end to the system, Bnt what waa) tbe objection worth t Was it not mere ohilJisbnesa (Hear, hear.) Tbe principia of that bill waa approved by every abolitionist ia tbs colony. It was a mers) quibble to say that it did not abolish State-aid. Mr. WILSON wculd not enter into the merits of tba* bill, but he must make some remarks on the charge of fanaticism. He won iered at the course pursued by thai honorable member who bad made that charge. Here watt- an honorable member, who bad professed at all times la be the champion of tba abolition of State-aid, professing himself satisfied with such an abortion of a bill.' (Cheers,). It was a bill to perpetuate the ' existing state of things. What they objected ' to waa» not compensation to present recipients of State-aid^ bat tba perpetuation of a system wbicb would alweya prevent the juit settlement of politioal questionav (Cheers.) Let them look at the oonr'uot of the priests of St. Mary'« on Sunday last, and all the priests in tba Roman 0> (bolla oharches in Sydney. Priests and otbarst Had been appointed to stand at the door and get docu- menta signed by people who know nothing about itv (Hear, bear.) His Grace the Archbishop bad intimated that while he did not wish thoae who entertained sirona; opinions on the subject, but ha would be .very well pleased if thoae who kee » nothing about the matter would sign the petitions wbioh had since been presented to tbat House. They were only tho petitions of Archbishop Folding. (Hear, hear.) Ho was informed tbat lilli» bojB belonging to the Sunday schools signed thom. So- long as they held State-aid they would nave no political matter tried on ita own merits in this colony. (Hear,, bear,) Mr. PIDDINGTON said be believed the honorable) member for Morpeth wonld defend any bill introduced bf ibe present Government. (Hear, tear.) Per- haps there was x another . honorable mem- ber near him who would,";do ' .the isror. And at the end of tba',session they would perhaps find that somebody or other WBB admitted into that "Para- dise af Patriots," the new police force. (Rear, hear, and. laughter.) Let them compare the title'of thia bill wita. that ol the.bill introduced by the same honorable mem- ber (Mr. Cowper) three years ugo. The honorable mem- ber then proposed to repeal, Schedule C, and so much of the Constitution Aot, aa referred .to that schedule. Bat this bill attempted a pure impossibility. The bill in ita very, title borea confession that lt was only a abana* By, this bill State-aid would bo.o:r,ttnned ' aa long as tho youngest olergymanin receipt cf State-aid oontinued in the enjoyment or lila and in the co'cay. That might be more than 00 years. Would any honorable member except the honorable member for Morpeth,-regard thia aa a bill to abolish State-aid, when it coolinued tba system for half a century t It was not av bill to abolish Bobednle C, as the bill of tba honorable the Colonial Sosretury three years o go was ; but this was a bill that would perpetuate religiosa animosity on this vexed question. Aa long as a singla clergyman was in receipt of Stale-aid, the question wonld harass the publio mind aa a blister on tba body politic. Yet ll ii was what these dootors (bear, hear, bear, Mr. ROBEDTSOK) proposed to do ; ' to continua State-aid.. How could any sane man call (hita bill to abolish State-aid ? (Hear, bear.) Tba people out of doors were more honest than their representatives on this question ; and already he had heard murmurs of a dissolution. He bad rather lose a thousand seats than consent to suoh a bil). Waa it not of a piece with re- cent proceedings in regard to another bill by which a fund was to be raixed out of the sale of lands for religion and education, and these great apostles of the abolition of State-aid had given their assent to the principles o f thiB Chnroh and Sobool Lands Bill 1 .(Hear, hear, bear.) The charter made in General Darling's time spoke only of one bind of religion the religion of the Church of England, i He would not oppose tbe introduction* of the bill, but i hoped it might be converted from a ' ahem into a reality (hear, bear) ; and be made in some manner different t~ the text of Ihe bill aa published in a newspaper» (Hear,hear.) "." "> Ur. HART said it was premature to'disousa the prin eip' i% of this bill. He ? tw no force ia the objection to tb - title, " To prohibit, &s.;" On the statute book there we o scores of bills with a similar title: There was s bi to prohibit the exportation of gunpowder. They did ni , by the use cf the word "prohibir,"pretend to pre- vent future parliaments legislating on any subject whatever. In reference to the remarks of the honorable member for the Southern Gold-fields (Dr. Wilson) ss to tbe petitions lately presented to the House, the honor- able member had been grossly imposed on by bia Infor, manís, f" No.") He (Mr. Hart) knew/as far as con. aeined the petition that he presented, tbst the honorable member was misinformed. For to that petition wera the nameB of influential , citizens ('? bear, bear,* by Dr. WM 91 tai tbçre lat] «ot ^ tdaa sieme of i tingle ehUd. (Dr< Wrtsss: "The .. ., oJhOdceo in the sob-ol» .igued if) (air. HAUT : ' ''"That wea untrue.) The honorable membtr wara gro- alj , » anaeioformed. Aa to tbe remarks mode bj l«e hoooiabe xaeaaber against the clergy interfering in political " Taattnn. 'was be ao tyrannisai a legislator, aa to pro. hibit ole -ey naen from expressing their opinion? . The clergy bad ibu same right to exprès- thair opinions un aU «objecta'as 'the honorable member himself. Bu there was a tyranny in thu 'views of many in regard to r .Usea'ergy, incompatible with the spirit of tba age, and arith freedom. Ho denied thit tte clergy intetlered wi b ' ^Otilios through .-tats-ai'*. Nowhere did th» clergy take anora port in pnlirical «filira than in Ireland. Tuere, mo8tate-xid exiired. (Ob) There was none given to tbsGatholio clergy. (Yes) It waa tran , there was a .nasa of money voted ; tbat was not Sta e tiid ;. it «n o ' " grant' of mirify for e4uc»tioa. (Bear, .beor.) Tba J*Eegli«h Government bsd ottered to coter Statu aid cn abe Caiboiio ol'rgy. but it w.i-r-fu,e.i. Dil that pre .". weat their taking pin in politics? Far from lt. (Hear, sear.) Mr. DICK said he bad long been in favour of State. , ., aid to religion j but ho *. d rainer aboliaU it altogether, khan, ' pass this bill. He mai' turned, however, that it etmgbt not to be discussed in thai Huus«, rr in (he pallia pwtats, at the present stage. He hoped that honorable amember i would not waste time now by discussing ir. », . , "Mr. COWt*KK, m r>-ply, Baid it was a very difficult . eraitv to oerform to'saiisfy- some honorable members. "When formerly he (Mr. Cowper) iniroiaced a till to ie _\ _ yeal the schedule C of the Conutiiuiioo Act, it was de ' moaoced as an is-inoore measnrp, whiih showed he bad \- mo intention ol nhnlishing * Sta e-aid. Afterwards, tba . 'honorable member (Mr.Fcrt>ter) brought in a bill, whioh h isaa opposed, as a bill, to enntiuue State-aid as mach.es iis (Mr. Cowper's). He had now prepared a hill about "? Trfoioh there should benn mistake whatever. (Laughter, . asia "no roiitake about >'.") lt was said thia bill would »ot prevent future grants, 09 it miaht be repealed ¡ but ,-who supposed tbey ooo I cl prevent the repeal of this or «My otbi-r Aot 1 It waa Runposad by anone that Schedule 43 could not be repealed ;1 but it was found (but the tbree .states of farltoraeut could vpeal any law. The bill -passed lu the Queensland Parliament " to discontinue Sta'e aid to religion, ' whioh was muoh approved of; and [ be (Mr. Cowper) ttonglt his went further even than ., -that in." prohibiting" grants. This very bill, which was , «cid to have given so muoh satislaotinr, provided the con. " tinned payment of stipends to clergymen now in reoeipt «fflem, as long aa th«y oortinued tn retida and officiate ".ia" the colony of Queensland. (Hear, hear.) , Now . <JueeoBlard was hela up as s model of legislation-a* .doing what this colony bal fail-d todo. Bat be was sar xiriaed at tbe honorable member (Mr. Piddington), who atad made ibis subject a study, and who when be did -Study a auhjeor, waa able to understand it. (Hear, hear.) Tbe honorable member 'was continually telling them irfaat tbe Dake of Newcastle said. Now, they bad aban .tant proof in the Canada Clergy Réserves Bill that the , .Duke of Newcastle would never assent to a bill in which individual rights were sacrificed. In tbe Clergy Reserves Sill, of which tbe honorable member (Mr. Piddingtor) \- wrns always quoting one clause, be (Mr. Cowper) woulu , ajnote the Snc*. Tba 1st clause sccularieed the lands. The Sad provided that it should not be lawful for the Colonial \- "Parliament ot any time to amend, suspend, or reduceany j ,'. of tue stipends already granted to ministers of religion , daring the life and incumbency of those in receipt of thom. The honorable member's objection to thia bill «said equally apply to tbe Dake of Newcastle's bill, to ojeoaliil e the clergy reserves of Canada. ' - Mr. PIDDINGTON explained. He did not objeot to ? . «bote interested under the present system receiving ?compensation; but he wanted to see those interests , ajealt witb. ? Tbe motion was then put and poised; and tbs mover »nd seconder appointed a committee to draw up and faring in the bill, which waa at one-) brought up, and read m first time, and ordered to be printed. The second reading waa mad« an order of the day (or atext Wedne«dfy week. XsVND TITLES DECLARATION BILL-SECOND READING. "Mr. COWPER, in moving tn« second reading of the Xmd Tillea Deolarnti n'Bill, suggested that es the snb , jeot wes one of tbe fir-.t importanen io the country; and , etatirely iltered thc old mole In the deoloration of titles lo land, it should ba relerrud to the considers-.ion of ai «elect committee to report t ernon. Ho would move, proforma, that the bill bc read e seaond time, and that ic , Aa referred to a aeleot committee. 'Mr. DICK «aid that tho select committee shnnld have besa moved for before tb« second reading, and suggested shat as tba matter then atood nome other,member of the Government a*;oald move for the seleot oommittee; .-' , Mr. ROBERTSON then moved that the select oom. . aaHtee oouBist of the following members :-Messrs. , aCownur, Oliver, Dick, Hart, R, Frrjter, Holroyd, dmarr, 31%J. Holt, Fancett, a id the mover. Tba SPEAKER said the praotiee of tbe House in assn cases was thu the order of the day for the second .. sending be discharged, and thea that the seleot committee should ba moved tor. '. , - Mr. DALGLEISH complained that there wera no less iban six gentlemen named for the select committee.. He should therefore move that the committee he appointed «7 ballot. . A ballot was then token, and the ' following gentlemen .appointed on the committee:-Messrs. Robertson, Co», jaar. Dick, Faucett, Forster, Hart, Hay, Holt, Smart, and Windeyer. Mr. DALGLEISH oalled the attention of the Speaker *o s practice prevalent in that' House, whian he con . eddered very objectionable when balloting for committees Sanad seen some honorable members go rcund and get tte ballot papers from other merobor», mark off the asamos, and hand in thu papen. He bad on some ,oooa .adena seen printed card s, with tba names of members who .were expected to vote sent round. He bed seen, on tbe . frre se nt oooasion. the honorable ' member for Manerbo, «ho might bo called the Government whipper.lu, rill ia and take up to tha derk tbe papers cf other honorable members. Apart from making k o«o the mmes on tho "ballot papers, he deemed the praotiee very wrong, for it waight be that n greater number of papers tban were re. ayaired might be sent in. ' afr. GARRETT explained. He bad been requested *y Xr. Flatt to fill up hii paper, as bo waa "at the time noar the table. When he banded la the paper he told the atferk tb-tit was Mr. Flatt's. MT. FLETT made o statement corroborative of that explanation. Tbe SPEAKER ruled that the praotiee was irregular. There might bo in the House at the time of taking the ballot only twenty-five members present, wben there «aight be thirty or forty papers banded'in; He bad ob- served the practioe before, bat be did not like to be over officious. Every member should band in bis own paper aa directe-! by the standing orders. ? . . ? Mr. DALGLEISH maintained tbat the ballot was un- fairly taken, and was therefore void. ? Mr. HAY said that the praotiee was attmded with very (teat inconvenience. It would be better to adopt the system of proxy nt once. : , ' Ur. WINDEYER condemned the praatioe, as being designed to see the ballot papers in order to know how members votod. Mr. DALGLEISH : Tbat was tbe true state of the . sase. "'i*' "' ,' Mr. PIDDINGTON Bald tbat there bad been' com- plaints last session. More papers were sent in than there , . should have been. ( , Tba SPEAKER made a few observations respecting .the inconvenience of the practice, and toe subject dropped. \- LAND TRANSFER AND REGISTRY BILL. Mr. COWPER muved tbe second reading Of the Land , Transfer and Registry Bill. -' Mr. ROBERTSON moved that the order of the day ., for the second reading be discharged, and that the bill be re'erred to tbe select committee appointed to confider the Lands Declaration BUL . . The amendn est wa» agreed to. PROPERTY LAW TaUSTEES AND MORTGAGEES BILL. . Mr. COWPER moved the second reading of the 'Pro- perty Law Trastees and Mortgagees Bill. Mr. ROBERTSON moved that the order of the day for the second reading of tbe bill bd discharged, and that . . tbs bill be referred to the afloat ommitiee appointe.! to consider the Lands Declaration Bill. Tba amendment waa agreed to. DIVIDING FENCES BILL. , lix. RUSDEN, in re«uming the donate on tbe Dividing FencesB:!!, considered that the bill would osase a. vant deal of litigation. The boundaries w re not in a aaffi cnentiy defined stats to jaitify tho patting ap of felices around all the land taken up and coen pi ed by free select- ors. He thought it would bs rainons to the free selector . to require bim to fence in all the grass land his pnrohsse . sititled bim to- throe timoB the extent cf. land pur- chased. Hu bad advocated, when tbe bill was . before . the House last year, that land taken up by the aelt'ctor , should be given bim fer nothing, provided be fenced in abe land. He bad no doub' th« bill would «trike s blow at free selection. (Mr. ROZJBBTSOX : No, no.) "Any man who pleased might ru n bia neighbour b» ruf i»iog ,bira to fenee in all the la^d be occupied. .'?" (Mr. ,-ROBBBTSOV : No. as.) It did appear to him tbat tbe honorable Alln-" iater for Landa intended to do everything by arbitration, bat the bill would not work equitably. Suppose a sta- tion was atocHed with cattle while the a-'j-jiniog station waa occupied hy sheep, bowcotld the arbitrator act in a ease like ihatr A two rail fanes would do for a abaso statiofl, while fa a cattle station « fgurrai i ance would ! ba required*, To require a atan to pot up ? a foar rail ! fanee aroopd hi«, sutton .woola entail an "expense ol £5000. The operation -of coca a law would entail ruin, on both the .tree* attestor »nd the pastoral tenant. Tba honorable Minister tor Landa was now turning: round on tba prinoip'.e of fre> selaolioo, and bamboez'iog tbe people. He bad made it a principle in bis Lina 'Bit!, tb«t truer« should be free selection on nnsurveyed land. (Mr. ROBEBTBOH:''Sar. «eyed andy. Tieyad.*) He rrmem»eted lae stat raents made« by the honorable member, . bnt he now i found that bia Act wea rot' working well, und ba was introducion tbi« bill to do away with free selection. (No, no, rom Mr. BOBBHTSON ) He weat on to thow how it wou'd 'wtk on the gold-fields, when Mr. ROB HR ISON" ross to order. The Land Aot was n-t tie q<io»tion heir re >he House; Mr. PIDDINGTON said it was necessary, in discuss in* trie tencing ul lund, to allude to tba law relating to th i cale of land. Toe SPEAKER ruled the honorable member in .order. Mr. RUSDEN roiterated his objections ta tbe bill, contending tb« its' effrois would destroy free 6eleation, and ruin the equaltsrs in the interior. Mr.DALGLéláH would oppose tho bill. Jt went to, repeal tn» old Aot, which went to its object in a far moro legitimate manner tban the bill before th-m. lu the old bill the person putting'up the fence could reoover (rom tbe owner ol tho adjoining property half the value, «hilo that bill'proposed to malte tbe otber party pay hali the CîBt, whian he thought Could not be ascertained. He believed the Land Bili waa o very great bonn to the cotintry, but he believed (fiat the bill before them leaded to do «war with the advantages which free selection con- ferred. Ho remembered the Land Bill« that had been brought into ' that Hoes) 'before the Land Bill of the honorablu Minister for Lands bad passed. Tba great 'ot jection to Mr. B aak's bill was, that tbe obligation to fence in the land selected was too oppressive and arbi- trary ¡ and now be foand the author of tbe present Land Bili coming forward ta do that -rwl-îoh rendered Mr. Black's bi'l so very objectionable. lld thought whenever an'Aot waa paaaed it ought to hear equally on all the community. This would he a very hard bill on those who sat down on their forty aorea of land. A free selector would be required to fence off, from the neighbouring squatter, all tte landa over wlisb he was entitled to graze. If be was obliged to extend bia fence round this grazing land, be would be excluded from »ll the benefit designed by ? the Land Bill in the oíanse »hieb gave the free seleotor the right to grazing ground. '1 be bill waa arbitrary botb towards the squatter and tbe free selector. It gave eaoh equal power to oppress the otber. (Laughter.) W»ll, be dare say the hardship on the free seleotor would be far greater than tba otber. If the old bill made any provision for d< fining whats fenoe was, and when fencing should be renewed, it would be far prefer- able to this. By thia bill, after ten yeare, ileilher the Government nor any person could claim any compensa, lion. He (Mr. Dalgleish) had seen fences in the coun- try that had stood fifty years, and were as good ss wli-n they were new. (Laughter.); There was no provision for tbe tvpense being divided with future proprietors. Mr. WALKER was surprised to bear the honorable member who had just sat down, after his laudations of the Land Aots, speak of - tbe position of the squatter and Ires seleotor.as naùog equal power to oppress one another. H J (Mr. Walker) hid no objection to the principle of thia bil'. There was no' injustice in neigh, boating proprietors being empowered to call ripon ooo another to pul up dividing tenses. No matter what estate a person had in the land, be could ulways pro- vide for an expense of that bind. But, he obj/oted lo the definition of dividing fences, and to the plan of arbi. tra>ion propt sari. A dividing lenee was always taken to bs a three r iii fenae. (Mr. ROBTHT ON: There if no law to that effect.) It was held ny j.itiges in amii ti of law that a Ihren rail fenae was a "autfioient fence." A man was not obliged to pay tor a wall, or a carious fence ; » three rail fenoe was that contemns od by tbe law. He (Mr. Walker) had no faith whatever in arbitration. Why should they have arbitration t (Laughter.) Arbi- tration waa a great deal worse than a lawsuir. In arbi- tration people muBt have lawyers; (A laugh. Mr. BOBEBTSOH: "No coats allowed.") Counsel were heard on oom aides over n 'rumpery fence perhaps. Let a dividing fence be d> fi and by law, and they would need no 'arbitration. He (Mr. Walker) would support thu second reading, and boped it would ba properly amended. Mr. RAPER would support the second reading of this bill, on the grounds that tbey would have en opportunity in committee to prevent its Oeing oppressive, An acre of land fened in waa worth a great deal moro than almost any quantity of land notfenoed io. (Hear, bear.) One matter he "would saggest in committee was tbat there «bould be a maxitnan price for a fence-da., 3«. 6J., or 4* a rod, acd erer'thing above that should be out of the pocket of iba party who required it. (Hear, bear.) He »aa still of opinion that the free seleotor would be bene- fited by thia bill. . One hundred acres fenced in was worth 501 »ores not fenced in. (Hear, bear.) Mr. PIDDINGTON was strongly inolined tb support this' bill until he read the preamble and some of the douses. As a general principle it waa highly inexpe- dient to interfere with the owners of property. HÍB great objection to tbis bill was, that it .proposed to abolish an Aot that bad been in force thirty years 0 George IV., No. 13, an Aot that worked well. (Mr. ROBERTSON : M Not workable.") Not workable f Nearly all the fenoes now in - the colony were put up under that Act. The present bill bad been put forward br the Seoretary for Landa as a benefit to the colony. The exiating law was better. Tbis bill oontained olauaes of . compulsory natnre, nilling on leaseholders of Crown landa to fence their Ut.de, under veiy stringent clauses. The bill would arm a wealthy squatter cr capitalist with power tooom-el bis pooier neighbour to fenoe off their. Ianda. He re- gretted to differ from the Minister for Landa nn a point on wbiob he waa distinguished lor his practical wisdom Bat the honorable Minister «aid tbis fencing would pre. vent the oommuniaation of soab io sheep I For H pi at- tisai gentleman, who bad been a squatter himself- tboagb perhaps not a successful one-to 8»y that tho spraad ol ecub in sheep would be prevented by a three-rail fence I (Hoar, haar.) : Mr. ROBERTSON explained. He bad not said that o three-rail fence would prevent tho spread of .scab. He had been a sheep-former many years ago, and be bad koo an sheep, when pursued by native dogs, travel sixty or ninety miles. When dividing fences were put up, thie could nit happen. (Cheers,) By a fence ne meant nol a two-rail fenoe. Mr. PIDDINGTON: The honorable member said sheep when fenced in could not run away fer sixty miles. What had tbat to do sith tb» qaostion of pre- venting the sprea i of saab, in sheep? Nothing but s stone wall twelve feet high would do tbat. And it was tc stop p'earo-pneumonia I It was to do wonders. Now, no doubt fenofa would provent sheep tanning throughout the country, but they would give no absolut« security against scab in sheep. (Hear, bear,*by Mr. ROBERTSON.; Why should they interfere to compel leaseholders ti fence in Crown lands nuder a short tenure ? He (Mr. Piddington) agreed with the honorable member for \V. si Sydney (Mr. Dalgleish) that this bill would be for the it- jury ol tba small squatter, and would completely ruin the free Beleotor. (Hear, bear.) No doubt this .bill would bo supported by the votes of many members; the ' wealthy ' capitalist would gain on advan- tage by it. Suppose a large , capitalist with a neighbour of small mean« aceapying a small ron, which might ba in the eyes of the capitalist ai Na both* s vineyard. Under tbis bill be migbt lenee the land, and charge tba small squatter with half the coat of tba fence, All squatters were to be compelled to fanoein their land. The large and wealthy squatter-the Ahab of thc timo might call on the struggling squatter,-struggling under 0 per cent, interest-to falfil a duty which would mic him. The expense bf fencing in a run would be onor. 'mons, and tho interest on the outlay would be equal to 0 percent. This bill would enable the riob squotterstoruin the poor one, whoerrald not possibly" oom ply with the con- ditions of paying 10 per cent, on the cost every year. This would apply with greater force to those estates which wera already heavily burdened ; it would be tao last straw wbiob would break the camel's back; and if the propri- etors of Bach estates were compelled to pay fie expense of erecting a boundary line, they would be utterly rained. The bill had been introduced by the apostle of free selec- tion, and it would be destructive to tbe interests of the free aoleotors throughout tba length and breadth of the country. He remembered tbe honorable gentleman boasting that tbe free seleotor-would be able to drive his four wheel waggon through the country; bow contd be do so if tbe'b'll telore them ever came into operation? He rersemb-red to have seen a: akeleh in tbe Minis- terial paper, the Empire, within the last m mtb, a sketch 01 a conversation between the Governor; and lbs Minister for Lands, given cn onqneitionable authority, and printed in eetai-offioial type,in which his Excellency joked the Secretary for Lands on bei-g an.eoeny to tbe t-qaettcrs, to which the Secretary replied that he was ?b's* trne> friend of tbe squatters, the per/eu I .care ;for all tbe sq tatters' ill». ' Tbe bill would benefit , tao large squatters, bat would injure their poer neighbours and dtlve them off tbe groaud; For tbeve reasons, and for :be stringent d«a»ea introduced to oarryjthe pii -ciple nf-tb'e UH' ott', ns should oppose tbe «eéond, reading. The apostle of free selection bad introduced ä oíanse making it compulsory on the tree i-eleetor to pay one balf of tbe expense of the feneing. otherwise be cou'd be proceeded against jo«t as if it were not ia arrear. Tbs nib danae of tbs bill threw tbe e. tire power of ordering tba teeing of land iota lbs bands of tbcMmisttx for tba tima being, «nd it w»» impossible to denoto tbe power this o'.aasa would give bim to omah s political opponent. .Not that be st sit meant to insinuate tl at tbe present ! Minist! r onald make asa of tbat power, but soma other might st a laiare time, and its operation might crea>< favoa'itism. It was an absolu!e attempt to interfere with free aeleotion, and a bill might as well have been introduced to destroy the principia altogether. Tb« small proprietors woold be rained, tor it was impoJfible they could ever pay an instalment of ten per oen'. every year, «iib Interest added to ir. with tba oondition t<iat in ossa of non-payment tbey eh raid forfeit tbeir property. No doubt the capitalists would vote for the bill, the ?quitters would vote for it, but be would not vote for it. . . ' . Mr. LOVE said the bill would act injarioni-jy on tbe small tq latter, who would be eaten np by tbe expense of fenoit'g in his run. Each mi a of fencing, wbiob con. taine! 320 rode, would cont it the rate of 6J. a rod for enclosing, nr £90 ptr mile, so that a small run of 16,000 acres or 35 sqaaie miles would oo»t ¿1920, the halt of whioh wnnld be £060, to he paid in ten j early instalments of £1)6, and toe iute. rest ia one year would be £150. It must be borne in mind, too, tbat the fences would ba nilen destroyed by bu-h fires, »nd their renewal year by year wnuld be an intolerable Varden. In many oases, ton, th* email squat- ter would be completely enclosed by the fences all ronna his land, and would have no outlet whatever. The objections to tbe bill were so many and so great that he could not vote for it. Mr. HAY said that no doubt the question was one whioh presented great difficulties, and it was looked upon by many as an into'erable grievance to be com- pelled to erect fenoes to divide freehold lands; but.be considered tbat saoh a measure would give a great im- petus to the progress of the country. It must be evident to er «ry one (bat, unless a law ofthat sort were pased; eventually the interior of the country would oecome nothing better than a vast, common ; and for the purposes of civilisation it waa necessary that sucha measure should come into operation. Mr. SADLEIR said it was necessary to clear the land before any thing else was done. Mr. HAY said that a man bought land to consult bis own interest, whioh was the first prinoiple everyone aotcd upon, and if one men were restrained in bis efforts to improve bis property by tbe acts of bis neighbour, it was the duty of the low to Btop ia and protect him in bis endeavours. The asms difficulties attended the erection of fenoes on leasehold and freehold lands, and the ques- tion was how those difficulties would be best, got over, end he thought the most efiVocaal plan was to make tba fencing compulsory, as provided for by tbe bill. Were they to have tba same provisions in the bill for every part of the colony f In some dUtrlots, from the ¿.bund anea of timber, post and rail fences were most easily erected, wbile in others wire were morp easily obtainable. Ic bad been objected tbat large mob« of cattle would soon knook over the fences, to which be answered tbat large portions of the colony , were alrosdy divided, and in those places the system had been found to work »ell. Tb-y were bound to acquire all the in'ormation they could on the subject for the difficulties whioh existed in one part of the country were not op. plioable to the other. The advantages of fencing could not be exaggerated, for if the country wake not fenced, as the population inoreased, it would bsoome nothing more than a gigantic common. If a proper system of fenoing were introduced, they would reap the benefit of al] their improvements; and, on the otber hand, the pastoral valu? of the land would be bettered very mach, by des. troying what nature had bestowed upon ns. The bill was very much embarrassed by the Lands Oooa ration Bill, wbiob gave the right of pre.emotlve leases. . He w»s not going to argue the anents of th« Lind Bills then; but ne was of the same opinion then as bo always had been. He had always opposed tbe pre-emptive lease clause, because it contained an insecurity of tenure. He' would rather that the free seleotor should have bad the power ol purchasing a greater or less quantity of land, than «bat be should have tbe tight of pre- emption. -With re- gard to the compensation for fencing, and many otber details, which be . did not approve of, they could bet amended, .and he saw qnite enough good in the bill to vote for its going into oom mi i tee, and if it paused the o im mit tee tbosp who disapproved ol it could vote against the third rca'ing. The endosare of the lands, if it did not abso- lutely prevent pleuro-pnenmonla, scab, and otber diseases of sheep and cattle, would do so to a very great extent, by preventing contaot between diseased and healthy auttle, whioh was the chief cause of disease. The scab among Bbeep would be .prevented by the same means, for it was generally by some stray sheep tbat the disease wes introduced into a flock. - Some of the opponents of the bill said that it would ruin the squat- ters, and others that it would ruin the free seleotors ; but he could not aee that it favoured either, and it would be found that the measure would not operate hardly on any class. If it were tbe interest of ona class lo enclose the land, it was the interest of others also. No donbt there were soma holders wbo made it their buninees to get os muoh off their neighbours'lands as possible, and that aot would proteot proprietors vt o were victimised in that way. He did not Bee bow any small equatter with a run of twenty-five square miles could be - set upon and ruined by a gigantic robber, and entirely extinguished. It would be to tbs advantage of the small squatter to have bis. land en. closed all round, for it woold be made a paddock of at once, and cattle prevented from trespassing on it. If large squatters went on in tbe manner described by the honorable member tor West Sydnsy, it would soon be out bf their power to ruin anybody. People would not be called upon to fenoe anless they were able to pay. Thi prinoiple introduced into the present bill fir the fencing of Crown lands was tba same as that introduced in tbe Forster Lind Bill, and the question was, bow that principle could be carried on advantageously. Io oases of any dispute, be recommended that arbitration should be adopted, as in the mother o-.untry, which, although it waa opposed to the interest of tbs lawyers, tbe people would find best and cheapest. The. bill could he im- proved by fiting a maximum anm, beyond whiob no one should bs compelí à to go. The value, and not the coat, of the fenoe should be fixed, sod also the amount.of compensation when leases had expired. If the House could oonnent to grant compenBaticn for improvements on Crown lands, the tenants would wil- lingly give np any olher claim - for assistance. He wonld say something as to one of the clauses wbiob lett just power in tba benda of tbe Minister for Lands. Why was it that people contended so strenuously for that principle t He always was opposed to placing so muoh power in the bands of any Minister. Then, with regard to free selection, whioh it was said, that bill would destroy ? He would ask whot did'free selection mean-was it that persons had the privilege of taking up land where they liked, at Os. per acre, with unlimited credit. What was there in free aeleotion that should render the persons enjoying all those advantages exempt from the obligation of fencing in tbeir property more than otber people, that the improvement of the coun'ry should be kept back for him. He knew of one person in lbs Southern pitt of the colony, who bad been twenty years in the colony, and bed expended his money in improvements on bis station. By a proclamation of the Government, the whola of his ron was thrown open to free selection. Others knew the run much better than himself, and were ready to avail themselves of the oppor ' tunity of taking the beBt parts. There was another squatter on a neighbouring station, whose sons hod been' .' formerly in hia service, and they each made a aeleotion of three hundred and twenty acres, which gave them the entire power., over the best part of the run where his cattle were in 'ibe bsbit of going to waterand oct a it om ed to run. Tbeir select on gave them the advantage of taking up ball his run. What advan. tage was that to the country? Waa not one rquatler as good aa another ? Tbs only difference was tbat when ote became licb, the otber beoame psor. Tbe consequences of euch a state of things aa would grow up out of cases like teat were easily to ba foreseen. Suppose tbe squat ter whose run WBB taken was a violent man, disposed to take all tbe advontages he coa!d, the struggle that would 'en-ne between him and the new oeoapenta would ba very serious. They were bound to legislate on those matters betöre the storm came. It was fearful to contémplale the evils that might be expeoted to arias from the present (?tate of things. He was glad te tee that the Government had brought ia that bill, wbiob might .be BO improv, à na to be a very nseiu]'measarp,,wbiob would go a good way towards remedying the raiaohiefa likely to arise from the Lind Bill. He tbousht it was the dut) of the supporter» of tbe author of thia Land Bill to aisist bim in carrying out his land polioy. He had no desire to injure tb« free selector, bat they bad to take care of tbo interests of th town population, and the interests of-thone cn the gold- fields. ' The interests of the people themselves demanded the interference ol tbe Legislature in tbe way proposed by the bill. ' He wonld therefore support tbe second reading. - . . Mr. DICKSON said if it was possible to convince a ram against hia will, the speech of the honorable gentle- man who bad last addi eased the Hoiae, was sufficient ta dc it. Bat it was seen that the ground on whioh tbs bon. member supp-rted the hill-was, to taketha fiting oat of the legislation that had taken place co the laud question. 'He(Mr.'D7iekson) looked at .(bia bill «a calculated toUmi lre» relretlôn, for hs believed that if it pseSed, St w'cnld have tbat effect. If be was opposed to the progr.av. ol free selection, ot coarse be would support tbe billi Ii waa said tbrougbcut the whola country, that free astor lion wo* a great ben tilt to tbe oouatxy. Were thou re. pori« trotine y He did not think they were, The bill was wot kino; well, end he had no doubt it woold continue to work well. Trat Hoaae was elected for «he expresa purpose of passing the free ssleotion feature of the Land Bill. They ought to see how tha Lind Bill worked before they attempted to repeal it. He would take tbe case of a man taking up 390 acres. He would te entitled to take up three times that quantity, wheo he mi¿ht be obliged to fenee, and cnother might then rant in and Uki up a portion of tue Uni ecole sei, and lhere was no compensation to be obtained. There was no' help for i. A.« to the injury and the ruina'ion it would do io the squatter, they bad beard of thar till they were sick of it, and yet squatters were not ruined and would not be.' No doubt there were individu J eases of hardship, but whare one tqnatter waa injured a great benefit was dona to two or three dozen free selectors. With regard to the case referred to by tbe honorable member for the Murray, be thooghtit wouldnol be considered so hard aeaae iii* were laid before a jury. (Mr. Hay; " Of bones: men.") When they came to Crown tenauta on a five years' leair, it weald bs unfair to require them to lance in, But if im provements were taken at a valuation, he bad then no doubt that every tenant interested ia his leasehold woo d .fence io, and tte bill would thus be unnecessary; ' He believed tbat the bill was just going back to the fencing principle of former land bills. They tad fought for un. restricted free selection-ind io tost fight many res- pectad gentlemen had lost their places in the legislature -and ware they goiog to ando that-that for »hieb they were sp'eoially sentT. No dcubt the operation of tbs rill would be slow, bat it woald just go side by side with free aeleotion. It was sail that fenoing bad made great progress ; if so, wt at did they want with the bill t The fact was tbat the bill was un emanation of a few individuará in the south, who wanted fencing at bali cost. Fenoing waa said to be s great question, bat the lend was a greater question. The honorable member for the Murray spoke as be always did, with honesty, . when be said the bill was to tike the ating out of the pernicious legislation as to land. If be understood the honorable member for the Hawkesbury correctly, be was opposed to the principle of free selection, as passed on tba bill now under operation. (Mr. ProsntaTOtr: But not in the settled districts) He was quite satisfied the honorable member opposed free aeleotion, and tbe course he now took was quite inconsistent with tbat. He would reeord bis vote against the bill. Mr. HARPUR concurred with tba honorable member who last sat down, that the bill tended to repeal the Land Bill. He believed that tba majority of the House, after having passed the Land Bill, would never agree te tbe.Fenoing Bill; Sa far as bis voile and vote wonld go, be would always oppose it. With regard to tbe Land Bil), ne thought tbe verdict of tbe country was in itt favour, and that they would not oonaent to part with it, A large number of persona bad settled in the country owing to that bill, with great benefit to themselves and ? families. (Hear, hear.) . The operation of the bill waa s fair distribution of the l.nd to the people. (Hear, bear.] He recollected the time wheo a man with .£300 to £60G could not buy a piece of land. A relative of hi» so situ, ated contd only get a olearinj lease of 30 acres, on which after expending £10 an sore, and after paying £1 an ecu rent, he was eventually ruined. : Hundreds of men were in the same position. (Hear, hear.) A poor men could not buy land by the auction system--whet a riot man aoutd have for £100 woald ' cost bia A'1000. Ask the people if they were inoliced to give ar free «election ? When they foand that the present Iii. would effect th J prinoiple of the Land Bill, they wooli! soout it a»d say give it up. lo reference to the fencing bs* thought lt would ba a good thing for the protection ol the pastoral interest., Mr. HAY : Then why oppose it. Mr. HARPUR: Because the honorable member foi the Marrey said, it would take the sting oat of tbe per* nicioua Land Dill. Be thought the, fencing bill weald benefit tbe > qaatters, and be would agree to it, provided il did not interfere with the opération bf free aeleotion, against which he tboogbt it would seriously militate. Mr. HAY ross to explain : Honorable gentlemen bad stated that he supported the bill because ita intention was to undo free sélection. He could not understand such misrepresentations. He said on the ontrary, that be accepted tbe present state of things over and over again ; (hear, bear.) that it was a state of thing! he could not alter; that he had no wish to nndo free aeleotion ; but that he wished lo prevent the evil of the Land iB'l as it existed, hy taking the.iting out cfit, as tc the uncertainty of boundaries, (bear, hear,) wbiob wa! liable to lead to violence end bloodshed, if nothing wai done to prevent it. It was disgraceful, that he should be so misrepresented io the matter, because it was im- possible that he oould bave been misunderstood. .. Mr. SADLEIR thought the best way, with regard tc improvements, was to leave people to the operation ol aelf-interest. He protested against constant interference with private property, although legal gentlemen liked it, beoauae it afforded them a good feast. It was olear, ii one neighbour wanted to fenoe and the otber did not, that the latter might be injured by the operation of the bill. The oost of fencing might be much more profitably laid out in otber improvements. He knew many dis- tricts where the landowners would be injured by the bill, by the requirements of their wealthier neighbours. He also believed that tho bill would ruin a great many small squatters. Many of them had hard work to straggle tc pay tbe interest for the capital borrowed, and to borrow more for fenoing, would ruin them. Again, fenoes might be swept away with flood or bush.fire, and then what would beoome of the poor man ? Mr. GARRETT seconded tba motion. Hr. DANGAR Baid be was rather surprised at his honorable friend tbe Minister for Lands-(Mr, ROBEET.TON: " Never mind !")-bringing in this bill, after hie great straggle to eeaure free Selection. This bill, if it became law, wonld ruin tbe small squatters and free selectors. It might be all very well for large Block holders like the honorable member for IBB Murray (Mt. Hay), to pass thia bill to crush the Btnall fry, (Hear, bear.) HB (Mr. Dangar) was not elected on free aeleotion, but still he wished to-see it fairly tried, (Hear, hear.) It was all very well for great squatters like tbe honorable member for Newtown, who wanted a wjre fenoe for his rabbit warren-(laughter)-and woald need a fenoe of machine wire to keep bis rabbits off bis neigbbout's field. (Laughter.) Unless the fencing waa defined by this bil), it would work very bard apon many small squatters. The argument! .of the honorable member for East Maitland (Mr. Diokaon), was the soundest that bad been advanced that night. He (Mr. Dangar) was sur- prised that the honorable ; Minister for Lands should bring in thia bill. Tba present law was enoagb, exoepl that they might make one month's notios do Instead ol »ixjnonths. (Hear, bear.) They did not want any more law on the subjeot. (Hear, bear.) It miabt be more agteeable to make the time shorter. But be (Mr. Dangar) had seea the present law carried into effect in bis elecorate, and it worked well. He could not believe the honorable Minister for Lands was sincere io bringing in thin bill. He brought it in just to win popularity witt the squatters. He (Mr. Dangar) believed if this bill be. came law, Mr. Robertson would find he would not have so many applications for land. He believed the bill would not pass tho second reading He did not know what was meant by " sinking." Was the honorable Minister going to sink a shaft ? waa he going gold dig. ging? (Langhter.) In o dry season tue land would o'] revert to the Government, and the Government would all bave to pay for the fencing. It was enough to olear the land and cultivate it without having to pay for the fenoing, (A. laugh.) If the people had free grasa they would want free room, and not to be hemmed in by great squatters like the members for the Murray and tbe mam ber for Newtown (Langhter.) Mr. LEARY said any ons who had heard tba Bpeeobes of honorable members, witbont having read the bi'l, migbt imagine there WBS something most atrooions in tbis bill ; that it was calculated to min the squatters, and to ruin free 'aeleotion. Now he (Mr. Leary) had listened very attentively to those who had spoken agolas; this bill, but be had beard no argument which proved that the bill woald cause any injury at all to either ol them. As the honorable member for the Murray (Mr. Hay), said, it was tbeir duty to promote the interests ol both classes without injuring either. If this were a bill to compel any one to fenco in bia lead, he would have met it with bis opposition: But thia waa nota compul- sory bill. (" Ob I Ohl Third oíanse.) If this bill oom pallad every equattor at once to fence in tbe leer*, il would occasion his min. Bat tbey found that notioe bad to bs given, and there was power to objeotto a particu- lar mode of fencing, «nd eaob party might appoint their owe arbitrators. Wrist could bo more fair tbao an oh a provision. Arbitration waa the best mods of eettling all disputes. (Hear, bear.) The deoisions of arbitra- tors might ba wrong; so might the verdicts ol jurors. But he (Ur. f-nary) knew no part of the country where men well fitted to act aa arbitrator, ciuld not ba farand. (Hear, hear.) And for the most part thoBe wha noted aa arbitrators made no charge. (Hoar, hear.) Any person, experienced in pastoral districts, must ack- nowledge the great benefits any squatter woald derive from having bis equattage fenced in. He knew ol «quittera io tho Lower Billabong who had fouod tho benefits of fencing. They found their cattle made quiet and fattening quickly. Tba advantages were almost in- numerable. It prevented the mixture of ber's, and the numerous disadvantages erf mixing herds. Tbis bill gave BO opporluoi-y to a squatter to get his laud fenced lu. It bad br*n aiaertc-d that small squatters would find it a vary greet hardship. If the law were tbs same with Mx«xd lo lctueholdeti es il is atp.eaent in regard to -_---.-.-T freeholder*, "it might ba . hardship. Men of small means might not hivs the money at'command; bat this Ant gave lan years to pay the prioe nf the fencing. This wonld not be considered bardahip by any squatter. Bot honorable member* were arguing as if the small squatters were fencing only for tbe benefit of hit neighbour. Bat the chief argument waa that which said tbis bill would injure tbe free se'eotor. Bat for instance a free selector, baring a wife and child. with stock consisting of some two or three well-bred cows, and two or three mares, be woald «üb te have a fer ce. (Hr. Samara:. "A cockatoo fence woald do.") A coolatoo fence woald cost almost as mach as a proper fens?, and not answer tbè pnrpOBe. The fres selector would derive very great advantage from tbia bill.. (Hear, hear.) Ha woald oompel the lessee ol adjoining Crown lands to. pay half the expense of the fence. And if he were a roan who did not want to fence, who would take 340 acres for the sake of breaking up a pqaattape, he (Mr. Leary) would do notbing to aid him. Some objected to a bill compelling every free se* lector to fence in bis land. Tn soma parts there waa no fencing-stuff within ten miles. There the pastoral tenant would never.think of fencing any more than the free seleotor. ('. He might Bink a ditch.") That waa a minor matter. He (Mr. L?aty) wt s in favour of tba main principien of this bill. Exoeption was made' to the use of the word "owner," bot aa long as the interpreta, tion of the word ' was clear, it was of no consequence what word was usad. He did not : think a squatter could .injure a free . selector by oompelliog him to make » ditob. But be thought the bill should define what kind of a fence should be put up. Suppose there were on adjoining rana a cattle holder and sheep holder, wbat kind of a fenca should be put np? A two rail fence would be quite sufficient for the former, but would be of no avail to the latter. If the arbitrators determined that- they should put up a three rail fence, that would not beep the sheep out, tbe sheep owner must still beep bis shepherd. This waa worthy the attention of the Minister for Lands. It woold be only fair for persons who bad already f -need in tbeir lands to have some compensation. If one roast, ter bad tenoed in his land and bis neighbour bad not, there ought to be some mode of appraising the fenoing done by tbs owner of the run. He (Mr. Leary) oould not understand one matter. Supposing a road passing through a squatterage, ou each aide baU-a-mile was al. lowed, i Mr. ROBERT JON ¡ "Only where it ia not fenced.") He knew by the Occupation Bill, a pereon travelling had a right to half a mile on each side of the road ; if a person bad to fence in tbat aide fronting the rotd, he woald be nndsr the necessity of doing it at his own expense, although it might be a quarter of a mile in extent. With respeat to the case that Mr. Hay men. tioned, which was spoken of aa a political job, he would only say it might bp, but it should be remembered that tbs Government bad the power to make reserves upon squatters before the Land Bill passed. (Hear, hear.) Il any wrong was committed, ihi matter conld be brought before another tribunal, bot it mlgbt, after all, be a caae tbat oould not be helped. He woold be very sorry if be thought ' his supporting the bill would at all interfere with free Aeleotion, or injure free selectors. Hs had no auch fear ; his opinion was, that it wnnld prove a benefit to tbat class of persons. Ha thought that free selection was a very great benefit to tba country, and oonferred great advantages on an industrien* class of the com mani ty j He woald vote for the seoond read- ing of tbe bill. Mr. BUCHANAN said be was glad to sae the honor, able member for the Murray there, but be regretted that he had not beard tbe whole of his speech. It was not often tbat.be bad an opportunity of replying to bis lal. laeies.. Tha honorable gsatleman usually addressed tba House at the end of the debate when others bad not tba oppirtanlty of answering bim. He wondered to see bow ao many members were ready to swallow all tbs fallacies that be was in tbe habit of ottering, many of them on every ocoasion. Some honorable members were ready to take in anything that respectable gentleman migbt think proper to say. He (Mr. 'Bashinan) bad not. at aoy time, been an unqualified admirer of the Land Bill. It wan but an infinitesaimal instalment of what waa tba people's' right. Tba bill did not give tbe people all that they were justly entitled to (4. Voice» "We are'going to amend il.") (Laughter.) It was an amendment in the wroog direction. The hon. orable gentleman (Mr. Hay) spoke of the act of injustice tbat one squatter had perpetrated on another, that seemed to the honorable gentleman a very great matter. He seemed to take very little notice of tbe wrongs the squatters so long perpetrated on tbe people. But ta bim (Mr. Hay) the people were notbing. Tbe squatters only were the people, in bis estimation. They, and they only,were'the people with that gentleman. (Mr.HAT: " The squatters are a part of the people.") It did nol matter what wrongs other people had to submit to, but when it occurred in that solitary isolated instance a danger of blood waa said to arise; but be saw no danger bf blood being shed by the nation in rising np to avail themselves of the advantages of the conn try of which the squatters bad the exclu- sive' monopoly. Did the honorable gentleman see notbing in tho foroe of law. He appeared to see no danger in risking the indignation of the whole commu- nity that stood enraged at the enormous wrong that had been perpetrated by that class over all the rest of the people. He thought that tbe House would sse that tb« honorable member was in his bands. (Laughter.) He bad been speaking of the Land Bill and exposing the fal- lacies of the hom rabie member for the Murray. With respect to the bill before them, be would Bay that it was not in every respeot a perfect measure. He Baw parts ol it that would operate against the interests of the free selector, but it could be amended in committee. Tbe House and the aonntry felt the fullest confidence in the Minister for Lands. It conld not be that a man of bis unspottedipurity-(great laugher)-they did net want to bear the remainder of tho sentence. (Renewed laughter:] It oould not be that a man of his unspotted parity, that had ever pnreued a consistent course in obtaining foi tbem tho boon of free selection, wonlr" now be found un- doing what be bad done. His character, his un- blemished consistent oharaoter, which was thal of a saint, was surely a sufficient guarantee tba! be wonld not desert those prinoipleB which he bad been so long labouring to promote. He would vote for the second reading of the bill, when those parts of it that were objectionable migbt ba amended ; and, should it not be amended in committee, he would vote against tha third reading. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ROBERTSON would endeavour to answer some of the objections that had been offered. On tbe one band, it was said the bill wonld ruin tbe squatters ; and on the other, tbat it wonld rain free selectors. The honorable member for the Upper Hunter had told them that be had brought in the bill for no reason, tbat be could see, but that ita simple effect would be both to ruin squatters and free selectors. Tbat would be certainly a rather extra- ordinary proceeding for a gentleman to obtain popularity witb. Hs wonld not trouble himself to deal with honor- able gentlemen who dealt with the question io that kind of way ; but he would endeavour to hiing honorable members to the matter before tbe House. Ona honor, able member opposite bid persisted in saying that tbe bill was rendered necessary aa sn amendment to tbe Land Aot; and that fallao/ had been taken up by several minor lights in the House. What passage in tbe Land Act oonld have created tbe necessity of a bill of the kind. Were there no fences before the Land Act ? and was there no necessity for fenoing before then ? He said there was,-there WQB as much necessity then aa now. Some honorable members thought there was no necessity now; if so, in what way cculd the passing of the Land Bit! have anything to do with the matter t The pre- sent bill waa in no way a matter arising out of the opera- tion of tbat Act; and it 8 existence would be just as ne» oessary if tba Lind Aot were repealed. He apprehended that, under the old sj stem of load policy, there were such things as gardens, and that they required ta be fenced ; be apprehended that there were suchtbinga under the old polio? as cultivated lands, and that they required to be fenced, and even the law bad not recognised that fact be- fore. It provided that there should be fences, but it was tho toughly ineffective, and it had become almost waste I paper. It made no provibion for the description of fenoes. Was it not necessary to determine what kind of fenaes, the material, and the manner of their erection, in every particular instance r One honorable member had apohen of a stone wall two feet thick and ten feet high, es neces- sary within a oertsin distance of towns. Tbat waa absurd. What did the bill do but leave tbat matter to be settled by arbitration amongst the people themselves, by mea chosen by the parties interested ? That did not leave tha whole matter to litigation, as the present bill diô, leaving it to the gentlemen of the law to profit by the disputes. But the bill provided tbat if any pers< a desired n fence, he should go to bis neighbour and stale what kind of fence be wanted ; and if the neighbour objected, he bad an opportunity of having the matter decided by two arbitrators, ene chosen by each neighbour- arbitrators choBen for their integrity and ability to deal with the question. It had been well Baid that, in acme parts ot the colony, a wire fence would be required; in others, a wooden one, and else- where even a ditch; bat it was extraordinary tbat radi, cal members were afraid to leave the matter to tho people themselves to determine. (Ob, ob.) He asked honorable me rube ri whether it would not be better tn leave tbe determination of ony difference as to the kind of fence to boneat pr.otioal arbitrators amonoBt the people than to law couria 7 He had more confidence in tbe people than some people seemed to hate, and more hope that the matter wonld be satisfactorily ad- justed by them than by any jory, with the aid of ali the lawyer* ' HoDorabla members bad twitted him »¡th departing from bia views ea the Imnâ Bill, bacante h» brought ia m. fencing bill. He bad always thought tbs matter should ba dealt wita; but ; ia the Land Bill tbere waa', so provision of tbe kino.Be took exception to tba Land Bil 1 br i-ugh t io by another member, that it did act eontaia sumcient provision for fencing, whilst it aoataioitd semi ; bat ha had always thought that it waa a matter,tin should not beoootained in a land bil1.'Je never , denied that ooo of tba greatest necessities of «cuotry life vaa g proper means of enclosing land. What was to be xb taioed by enelosnres ? Tbey would offer inducement to people-w'bo want i d to Bettie on land to improve 'tba grasses, and to olear it, so aa to increase its cultivating qualities; and they obtained .the advantage that, eatlls placed on tbe land would fatten with incomparably greater rapidity on a lesa extent of pasture thin ia open land. They would have more produce and better stock, I and ry means of a fenoing provision of the kind proposed, I they would do away «itu tbat oantinaal irritation ba. I tween landed proprietor?, caused by iropoundicg etea I others Block. (Haar, hear.) Every gentleman in.tba \- ~-.u. io« oniony mast know that theta waa not a gleitet ionics of crooble, vexation, and injury to pastoral people lim fcnç.oundiog each others stock. . Waa*, mote coola tiley deiire than the bill to remove tbalf Then, again, dil lt not offer great inducements to import valuable atoo», bj aeontity of keeping them. Wae it not for the benedict every man,> woman, and child in the country,.ibu its resottrees should be developed, BO that they shoold have tba largest amount of profit fot the least scapant of labour. Honorable members bad twitted bim .'villi abandoning tbe principien of .the £>snd Bill. Any OBJ reading that bill would see that bis whole; aim was lbs improvement of the settlement of the country, «nd to give every advantage t J people improving lbs lani) «bo wished to make bornes for themselves. There ¡tareco leas than eight or tsn provisions in that Äo't oisiiwi, and fot people to improve land. What was thepreieat bill but to extend those improvements, and in a manota the most beneficial for the best social and material in. tereala of the colony. Some honorable members bia been most anxious lest free selection shoo d bs diraigsi by the bill. There were Ur. Basden and Mr, Piddington, tbe two members who, mont of all others ic the detre, bad almoBt shed tears when dilating on the injuries iba bill would oast upon, free seleotion; and yet thoo Ira gentlemen were, of ali, tbe most strongly opposed to lin Bsleation. Mr. Basden opposed free seleotion from be. ginning to end. (No, no.) Did cot the honsnb!« member vote »geinst tbs 13tb clause J Mr. RUSDEN opposed it, bot tried lo brirtfio s bDl mote liberal, that would give ix<¡e seleotion ali ore* lb* Hr. ROBERTSON Bald the honortble member's fret seleotion would hare allowed esr eatiUaUit te» tobe up the whole colon; - a '? Ire» seleotion of a precien* kind indeed I People waolai nothing ol that kind. We wanted to bate people ito were willing to sit down on the land and maka boon for lhenjBelveB, with tho advantages that the? net»tal before. There were other members SB noisy orerfai selection. The honorable member who «toaed that la wanted it only over limited dittriots was one ol liar- an honorable member who would contine fres ulmi». to districts he knew to be unavailable. He desiri thit the honorable member (¡Ir. Piddington) waaoititito give freo selection lo all, till after smtey. He «iii understand the honorable member for the Morra» íttün somewhat bitter that the land policy be oppoiBd es mid as was io his power was now the law of the tolos?. Bi ootüd understand that honorable member, barlas k* driven to tbe last corner, standing np and saying I hit Hi present bill wa* to tabs the sting cut of its side. El thongbt that it was a great battle they bad fought, ul tbey could afford to laugh at the honorable rumMi remark. He did not desire to keep np old gradi*. They bad fought hardly enough in the matter to ni tbem to cease. But be was somewhat Burcrisal it i a noooraoie mern eera «no were ia favour of fm« selena adopting the course they did, and .thereby jnstifjiogdt allegation of that honorable member, Iii free Beleotors «ere robbers, and would ri comply with tbe law. He waa Borprlaed at frat selectors giving countenance to each aa ollegiit They were told that instead of free seleotion, they »kü bava introduced the principle ol free grants, but ti granta were no grants at all ; whit was tua nae cf thal The supposed free granta meant, that tbe free seta might range unmolested over the ruo of tbe Njmiier.iii in his turn the squatter might range anmotes'ed titi the property ->f tho free selector. Tbs Qovernnm desired to deal with the question properly and they U done so, and they never intended to io trod ¡we at; measure so utterly absurd anl ildioalons asjthesjsti of free granta. Talk of injuring the free Selectol, vif what did they suppose the free selector ww? Did til think he was some .nsw description of soimal r If» was bs more than other men t Whit olaitn bai ba tn other people 7 He had the same Tight to bay in eilil as bis neighbours and no mote. The bill befouls House oontained no oppressive .alantes, it mêreljnil that each party shooJd pay . bis own thaïe of tbi tod* and was not any mers objeotiontble than tbs osirw bsd been so often, referred to in (be conreé d ía debate. If any dispute arose, 'steins wira.proiiliJ by the bill for Battling it by arbitration, io II to preist«' the poor proprietor irom being crashed bj his wei!T neigbboar, and a elauee had been introineid jtotilajl that if he were unable to pay at onoe, the [etiod of»W ment would be extended over ten years. Whit UM did that do to the free selector? Heohs!lengf¿¡al| honorable member for tbe Soo them Gold-Heidi to jogj oat any country BO favourable to a man without pij^aM once for the fencing as their own. Io no other ecajtj could the payment bs extended over so long ap'irlci ¡ag no other country was it requited that one psttj liaJB give notioe. The honorable member argued lt»*» same principle should net be applied to leasehold freehold property. Why notf Would cot JM» property require tbe same fence as freehold? Io if turing stock would they not stray awi/ from lem property as well as freehold ? What was neoeitn the paatoral ooenpants of freehold property was (Inf BI necessary for leaseholders. Bat thees wis nods, compel them to erect fences, and if one rmi natioe, he must pay primarily all tbs expects & although he would afterwards ba repaid halfoill.fi orable members said if the land were (saced fa'tbtti selectora would go apon it; bat they could aol * without .allowing the squatter equitable coropii* He believed the bill would be a benefit to both iqti and free seleotcrj. Wonld it be no benefit to i'" lands enclosed f - It would be a very large tad horaoB, sheep, and ell ktndB of oattle. Tbe (tat W able member said that nany of the oeonplers efl could not find means to eteot fences. No* habib two rail feooe built round bis own property, a dbac seven miles, sod tbe expense «as toree shinier, and two wires along tbe lower patt to preventiii getting tbrongb, wonld notoost mora tban anoti ling, Tba honorable member for tbs Morry b plained of an act of great hardship «hieb hiàl* to a gentleman through the operation of the U> but be would dud that, the land referred to tai * drawn from the occupancy of the tenant bj P Bill, but br an Order in Council, and whoiew» was that those landa were withdrawn, il w waa not that of the Land Bil). If the boonal!) ber for Bast Sydney thought thst the Qonicsr. guilty of conduct ao dishonest, so deleitable sit» were often charged with, why not briof 1» . before the notice of tbs House, ind not P1 snivelling ? Tbe SPEAKER reminded the bonoribli arti" he was making use of an unparliameotirjK||'<,',ij I Mr. BOBEB TSON withdrew the eiprdtóíD,, iaj I that if it had not been against tbe ral« o'.'"» tt01 ' wes about to deaignate tba conduit' »' i.anleBj ¡ wbleh would chirge him with such i coarse ol ra He (Mr. Bobertson) challenged the hoaontó»»'-! I take a ooarse like tb»:. The honorable merawa Piddington) waa very adroit in bis Blander", Wj House and in the Press. He (Hr. KobirtM»)»H the charge. Tte honorable member, vbaM m land policy were to let settlers bare lind ?tT1'H insinuated a doubt aa to his (Mr. Eobeition.'a) <J| in introducing thia bill. He could ilford ""H insinuations with cuntemct. They fell oier hi«j| as water over a duck's " wing (langUarJ, presa effect wh&taver; on bim ; he woold bare no tmm RO hefore anv cenntitnpnoï in the colanf lapfî gentlemen and appeal Jo tho people. (Uen.i Mr. PIDDINGTON had giren Wa "P"1'' second reading of (hie bill. Tbe honorable Sur Lands had taken advantage of bia poaitJjo c again, and mode several damaging per.-onal «I» nun (Mr, Pidoington). It waa not a fact tl« Piddington) was opposed to free selectionbe'J'' He knew the whola bistoy of this ooremecy meetiog of tte Sydney Olab, when a »solo*«' of free selection was ooncooled by tho 1 Secretary for Laadp, and Mr.Denieby; ind M l to eea that the honorable Sscreliry for UM] willing to give his humble friend Mr. Denun/il doe to bim. He (Mt. Piddington) wes »'"J'J of free selection within certain liml's. Bi M have had free aelcotlon in the oneettled el'*] only in tho settled and intermediale di-tria* «J reserves tbe Government might mitei*T'?} districts. Bat if hs had 'been utterly opP^j eelootion, obnt sbonld ba his »bis billi Hs regarded this bill aidions attempt, whether the honortbla . Lands was conscious of it er not, tc-diatin/" Û isr*3 ' 1 ?i ftes .eleorloa. í' No.'O Why ahoald tbsm b* a ch ap i ,.: Tba old law worked well; better iban. baving i» left aibitiatloo. That waa a moat onaetiafaotory provis! Bren the honorable member for tb« Marrar (Mr. E ?aid ba thought the bill ahould. define acme non ' - lenee. Mr. HAY explained : He only advocated the flxin| . maximuml ol eoat. (Hear, bear, by Mr. Bo BEUT o But etid that no one particular kind ot fenoe woi ! ba adapted to different parts of tbe couotty. . Mr. PIDDINGTON oontioned: His chief objection ' the bill was the compution contained ia it ;. fur nctwi standiog all the honorable member for Narellan (1 Teary) might say, it waa compulsory ; it gave o neij boar the power of calling in arbitration to détérmi ' what kind of fence should be put up. (Mr. LEAST: ,"1 " present law ia the same; only,much-mote severe '- . Tbe'great question was whether th|s compulsory lenci \- shoald be extended ' to leasehold . lands. . . '? was not the abstrae! . question whether, .'.fti lng wonld be beneficial to. - tba, , count ' ? Would all the good thinga that might .flow from I introduction of fencing jastify the House ia interferí , with the property of leaseholders, and compelling th 1 to fenoe in their land whether they liked it or not. C bonvmember also challenged tbe House. (Mr. BOBE: " sow: "Not the House.") Tba honorable member want to know why leasehold lands should not be liable to fenced. The honorable Sesretsry for Landa ought ' have proved the affirmative, that it waa aa desirable fence in Crown landa as freehold lands. The honorai member bsd not proved that posi ion at all. If c squatter could compel a free selector to fanes io I land, every free selector in the country migfct be co Siled to do the same. The honorable member for I array seemed to think, that free seleotion wonld limited by the necessity of fencing in land, and thu« tl bill would take tbe sting ont of the Land Bill, Notbl said by the honorable member altered tho opinion he (1 Piddington) formed on reading the bill, confirm by the able speeoh of the honorable member for I Murray, that the operation of this bill would be to e enmsoribe the exercise of free seleotion under the Xii Bill. He (Mr. Piddington) bad beard no,reason wh ever in the second speeoh of the honorable member (Mr. BCBEHTSON said be bad not spoken twice.) Ye V the honorable member for the Mañero (Mr. Garrett) b ' seconded tba amendment of tbe honorable member I the Upper Hunter for the express purpose of enabli, the honorable Minister for Lands to speak again. I ' (Mr. Piddington) mast vote against the bill. . 1 ' Mr. HOSKINS said . tbs speeoh of the honorai Minister for Lands bad oontiooed bim (Mr. Hotteln that be ought to vote against thia bill. The honorât member (Mr. Robertson) ocoupied far too much time ' defending his own course lo reference, to the Land Bi He'(Mr.. HcskinB) regarded the clause for condition .ales in the Land Bill aa a complete snooesB. He (SJ Hoskins) believed the passing of that oíanse had bei productive of great benefit to, Ibu country. Bat 'tl honorable Seoreiary for Lauds was not justified ia telllt honorable members - ol the House. that . they we . elected to "apport the Ministry. . (Mr. BOBDUÍSO denied that he bad done BO.) The honorable üeoreta 'had told tbe honorable member fur the Southern Gol fields (Dr. Wilson ), that he waa rt turned for that pu pose. But the honorable member fox tho Sontbei Gold-fields had sbown for the last three years, that 1 believed he was elected to act an independent part the Honse. There tra a another 'fallacy in the speeoh . the honorable member for tbe Hawkesbury (Mr. Pl dington), who told the House the honorable Minist . for Linds bad a coadjutor in bringirg in tbs principle' free Bsleotion. But tbe proper meed nf praise bad n been awarded to the gentleman who first propound) the principle of .(ree seleotion,' namely, the gentlemi " Wbo now prosided m that Henau. (Hear, hear.) £ (Mr. Hoskins) was opposed to the -Crown lands bair enclosed. Much waa said about the benefit of enolosie these lands. Bat it Bhould be-remembered that tl pastoral interest, as at present administered, was temporary interest. - li they , gav« them the right : fence in tbs publio laads of the colony, would they m .onsider that .they bad a rigbt to ho! these lands in .perpetuity 7 He'Objeoted to fenoit the lands in; though the pastoral lands were held io leases for five yeats, if .they paBsed Ibis bill before tt Ave years had elapsed those remarkably acute'gentli men would bs advocating a repeal of the Crown Lane 'Occupation Bill, and extended tenure of their folding They might argue thoa:-The Parliament of tb .country bas encouraged us to go to great expense i enolosiog our lands, and we ought not to be called upo to give them up now. He objeoted to the hill, beoaae be contended that to offer undue encouragements to th 'larg? leaseholders to endose their land, would be ' -delaslon to them, and reduce them to poverty, or giv them ground to demand a longer tenure of the landa c .. the country, wbioh might be required for the peopli Ita settlement of small squatters. 33a did nc . accuse the honorable Minister for LandB of acting i i collusion with honorable gentlemen who were seeking t damnify free selectors. But the honorable m'embe (Mr. fioberisao) made mistakes. The honorable meat ber was not infallible. There waa a tendency to ove , legislate. (Hear, hear.) They ought not to pass a le* to compel people to fenoe, unloas they thought propel The people in the Murray district wished to erect fenoe ia order to preserve and improve their stock. That the did at their own cost already, without any legislator They could do BO still. But there was another reaio .. why be wes opposed to it-it would ruin many poor squat . : ter«. The runs in the Murray distriot were rn no better than in the New England distriot, where oattl : brought only «ne pound a head for store stook. Neithe could the runs in New England carry so Iorgo an amaun Of stock as in the Murray ot Murrumbidgee districts. Ii addition to these drawtaiks it was found that cattle hat ... to be kept ono year longer before they were fit for market The Notthern distriot differed from tho Murray in thi features of the country. The Ne« England diBtriot wai fall of ravines, and to require persons in that district ti fence in these runs would causa so much more expensi . as to entail utter ruin on tba holders, oapeoiillj . small squatters. The honorable Minister foi Landa might say tho New England district was a verj poor one. (Hear, bear.) Perhaps it was; but that wat ' a reason why they should not be compelled to fenoe iht runs, which would drive many persona into the Insol- aren! Court. The same remarks wonld apply to free se- lectors. A free selector with £300 might invest hie money in treking a selection worth £600. Anotbei esme and settled beside bim, and required the smallei . eeleotor to put up a fence, wbioh he would be unable to do, and the result would be bis ruin. Ur. ALLEN : What would be tba value of tbe land without a fenoe 7 , . Mr. HOSKINS woald answer that by saying that it .should be for the person himself to arrange bis own business, and fenoe in as he . required it. . Bat there was another case : tbe man wbo bad taken up a run, and after be ' bad 1 put np a fence, ta find it taken np by some free selector. He ' tbenprooeeded to describe how injuriously it wou.d affect persons ' who had taken ap small runs, . nader the free seleotion clauses of the Land Bill in the ' neighbourhood of large squatters. If the honorable the ' Minister for Lands was really desirous of promoting the interests of the free selector, let him give the free Beloc tor fixity of tenure over the land ocoupied by him aa a pasture run to which be w«s entitled. Ho thought if ? they gave fixity of tenure to the little squatter for a number of years as wi ll as tbe large squatter, they should legislate for all. He did not think it any barm to have ?mall runs in tbe hands of industrious persons of small means. It waa not the large holdings that would be most beneficial to the country, hut it WBB the arrange , meat by wbioh the greatest return would be obtained. If the honorable Minister for Lands did that, he would be supported by the friends tbst alwojB supported him; and he weald deserve the gratitado of the country. Looking at tha whole state of the case, he thought legis* .?' lotion on tbs question Bhould be postponed. He entertained another objection to the bill, namely, ' that it made the Minister for Lands all powerful, BS had done all their other land bills. Bathe wonld not say the honorable gentleman bad used bia power which the land billa gave him, for political purposes ; be did not think . so. tte hsd «tated bia reasons for wishing to postpone the bill, because 1 e would never give tho pastoral tenants the leases tn perpetuity, which ttxv present bili seemed to do. Mr. HOLT said it appeared to bim that the objections < to the Fencing Bill were analsgous to tho old objections ? to tarnpike roads and to railroad?, Fanoy the Btate of England without fences-it woald be absolutely ruined. '? If there wera auoh barren spots in the oolony, they were sot worth fencing ; let them be specially excepted-free ' Selectora woald not go there. If lend was worth any \-- thing it waa worth fencing, Eenoing was tba first neccBBity in dealing with lands. The Waste landa ought not to remain wasts lands, and he would rather sae funds advanced to free ?aiectors for fencing, than that they should leave the ' land unfenced. A more liberal measure could not be devised than the present one, requiring tbat in the firBt instance, thc whole expense anould be borne by the -?'Party wielling the fencing. H'mentioned aa an instance of the value of fencing, that a friend had recently ap- plied to bim to borrow ¿SOCO to fence In twenty-five miles af run, which he Biid would improve it £3000 or 43000 a year. \- Mr. MOM ARTY moved the adjournment of tba debate till th« following evening, to take precedence of all other buaiueas. , Mr. BOBSBISON bad no objection to !.» it stand Over for e month; ' im ' bid been 'eurgasted, in order .to' give tb« country «toe to'Confider lbs metter, A. ,,'S I ' Mr. BUCHANAN «sa afraid the poatpcoeovnt would only add tJ tbe great increase of business oo the paper.. If honorable memb r* would not work at twelve lat night, let them resign, and tell their constituent» why. He would divide the House agaioat the adjournment if he stood alone. ' . i .. . . Mr. B.FORSTER advocated tbe proposition to ad- journ the deba'» fo- a month ; and he moved an amend, mt nt to that t-ffcor. . . Mr. WILSON «aid tba debate shoald be terminated whilst they wera warm aa the «abject. Msmbtr* were' called upon to decide the question on their own judg. mentB. ...... . . "- -.. Mr. PIDDINGTON supported' the adjournment till next day, : ?' '1 -, Mr. WINDEYER thought: they might settle tba mat. ter that'night. He could not see what'additional light could be thrown upon tbt matter, especially from anony. moos scribblers'in country papers, and they constituted, probably," all the information they would get from < the country on the subject. ' Mr. W. FOßSTER said bis expérience 'bowed him that debates had been injutel by adjournments, owing to the advantages of the'emly part of the debate being forgotten. Except in oases of necessity^, . which be .thought did not no» exi-t, a pos'ponemenl wai very un.' desirable.. He was.entitled to reply to tbe .honorable membei'd (Mr. Robertson) severe remarks upon bim, but how could be do it'in a month hence? The amendment was withdrawn. '?'?"' '?? '. The motion for an adjournment, till next day, was then put, abd carried by a majority ef SI to 17. . The House tdjiurnea at 30. minutes past 13 c'oloob till 3 o'clock next day.' -, 