MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1862. It is satisfactory to learn, on the au- thority of the Commissioner of Customs, that the present session will not pass without the immigration question being further dealt with. Matters cannot and ought not to be allowed to remain as they are. It has been provided by enactment that a certain proportion of the land re- venue of the colony shall he appropriated to the introduction of immigrants. The country calls for more men and women from Europe. But the existing regulations for the encouragement of immigration are insufficient, and more active agencies are necessary to give us the full value of the money we propose to spend in bringing eligible settlers to our shores. The scheme of assisted family immi- gration, which received the unanimous assent of Parliament two sessions or so ago, has worked well; but it was appa- rent, on the face of it, that it was limited in its scope, and that it must, therefore, be temporary in its duration. It seems to have already performed its part, and to be no longer operative. The demand for passenger warrants by the English and Scottish sections of the community has ceased before the sums set apart for them have been exhausted, and the balance of the fund has been thrown open to other applicants. There can be no objection to this appropriation of the money; but the fact proves the inade- quacy of the scheme to meet the great want of the colony—more population— and shows that the demand for assisted passages on behalf of relatives by the other nationality must also come to a speedy end. There must be a limit to the number of Irish husbands in the colony whose wives are still in the old country, and of brothers and sisters who have near relations whose passages to this colony they are anxious to assist. An immigration scheme, however, to be of real service, must pour in greater num- bers, and must be practically unlimited as to the extent to which it can be carried. Little fault can be found, also, with the manner in which the Emigration Commissioners in England have fulfilled the trust committed to them in the selection of female immi- grants, and the care that has been shown for the safeguard and comfort of the young women they have sent out. But as the subject is about to be dealt with generally, and a scheme is to be organ- ized which shall be of more permanent character than those heretofore in operation, it will be wise to review the whole of the existing arrangements, and consolidate them. If agencies are to be appointed in England, it may be well to place the administration of the whole of the immigration fund, under proper regulations, within the control of those agencies, and hold them responsible for the manner in which it is employed, and the results which it produces. Now that the land is open for settle- ment, there is no reason why immigration should be restricted to single females, and the relations of those who are already settled in the colony. The enormous extent of land already proclaimed for selection, and the smallness of the de- mand for farm-homes which exists in the colony at present, make a large and immediate immigration necessity. The same bill which provides that ten mil- lion acres of the best lands of the colony shall be reserved for agricultural settle- ment also declares that within a limited period after the proclamation of areas the unbought lands shall be open for pur- chase without being encumbered with the restrictions imposed by the bill on selectors within the first year. Speedy settlement of a race of farming free- holders, growers of the grape, and fol- lowers of "special industries," is desira- ble, that the land may blossom under the hands of industrious cultivators. To this end it will no doubt be proposed, when the Land Act comes up for amendment, that the restriction on the number of leases that maybe issued under the 47th clause in any one year shall be entirely removed. Any clog on the legiti- mate demand for land for the purposes contemplated in that clause is undesirable. More people, more capital, more ma- chinery, and varied knowledge and skill, to turn the fertility of the soil, and the amenities of the climate, to the best advantage, are the true wants of the colony, and to invite those hither who, by the possession of this skill or capital, would benefit at once themselves and the colony, we require active and intelligent agencies in Europe. The letters and journals brought by the last mail from England amply justify the action the Government proposes to take. The distress in the cotton dis- tricts was increasing with appalling se- verity. It began to press itself on the humane, who were called upon by the urgency of the case or the requirements of the law to minister to the wants of the distressed operatives, that no mere temporary relief would suffice. What has long been foreseen has now been realized. A vast interest has grown up in Lancashire and elsewhere, involving in its fortunes the lives and happi- ness of hundreds of thousands of the population, but dependent on the produce of a peculiar and limited har- vest, liable to be destroyed in whole or in part by the accidents of the seasons and the political incidents of the day. What has occurred may take place again, and if the evil is not grappled with now, distress in Lancashire, on the largest scale, may become chronically inter- mittent, as it did in the west of Ire- land. It is better that cotton goods should figure less largely in the export trade of England, than that their manu- facture should be attended with periodical suffering and misery. This has not es- caped observation in England, and emi- gration is looked to as the best means of permanently relieving the people. These, too, are the shores now most in favour at home. The war in America has served us largely in this matter, the Exhibition has done much, our splendid contribu- tions to the relief fund have not been without their effect, and if this favour- able moment is seized to give full effect to the immigration clause of the land act, we may speedily see a re- vival of immigration which will considerably change the aspect of affairs in Melbourne and the colony generally. While there are wide lands inviting the settler, there can be no check to the pro- sperity such a stream of immigration will bring with it. America had no such at- tractions to offer as Victoria has, and yet, during the many years when immigrants were pouring in thousands into the Atlantic ports of the Union, to find their way westwards to the new states pro- claimed in succession—Ohio, Iowa, Illi- nois, Nebraska, &c.;—the prosperity of the United States reached its proudest point. The same cause will produce the same results in Victoria. ================= If two men, either personally or by agent, contract with a third to buy goods, each pledges himself to the entire performance of the agreement, and each is and ought to be liable to the extent of his fortune for the whole of the price. No private arrangement between the co- contractors respecting the division of the common burden can vary the rights of the party with whom they deal, un- less this arrangement has been in- troduced into and made an integral part of the contract. But each part- ner is the agent of the firm for the transaction of its ordinary busi- ness, and therefore all the acting part- ners, in appearing before the world as connected with the firm, impliedly repre- sent each of their colleagues as their ac- credited agent. If they do not at the same time announce the limitation they have imposed upon the commission of their agent, all who deal with him are justified in measuring the extent of his authority by that of the authority usually given to persons in his position; and that usual authority, as determined by ordinary practice and commercial convenience, em- powers the agent to pledge the credit of his principals, that is, of his copartners, to the whole extent of their fortunes. If he exceed this authority, either, the third party, or the co-partners, must suffer, and it is but fair that the loss should fall on those whose negligence or misplaced con- fidence led to the mischief, rather than upon an innocent stranger. If, however, the liability of the co-contractor, or, in other words, the extent of the agent's authority, lie expressly limited by the contract, the other party to the contract has no cause of complaint. He made his contract with a full knowledge of its terms, and he, too, as well as the firm, is bound to abide by it. So far, therefore, there is nothing objectionable in the state of the law. The practical difficulties, how- ever, in attaching to ordinary contracts the proper restrictive stipulations, are insuperable, and it becomes necessary to provide for this purpose a fitting legal machinery. The creation of such a ma- chinery is the object of the second bill on this subject, which the Attorney General has introduced under the title of a Bill for the Incorporation, Regulation, and Winding-up of Trading Companies and other Associations. The bill, which has been referred to a select committee, has a different object, and involves a ques- tion, not of procedure, but of principle. The common law regards each partner as agent for the firm and makes no distinc- tion between acting and dormant partners. Yet a wide moral distinction exists be- tween these two classes. The dormant partner conceals, as his name implies, his connexion with the firm. He lends it his money, but not his credit. He does not announce himself as a partner, and does not, therefore, represent his acting colleagues as entitled to pledge his credit. He is not known to be connected with the firm, and, con- sequently, no credit is given to the firm on the strength of his name. When a copartner has made an un- authorized contract, the acting partners are liable because by their open con- nexion with him, without any notice to the public of their private arrangements, they gave to the stranger reasonable grounds for believing that they had in fact authorized the contract. In simi- lar circumstances, the position of the dormant partner does not raise, but on the contrary repels, that presumption. He has done nothing to countenance any representation, whether tacit or express, that the acting partner is his unlimited agent. If he be liable, there- fore, on the contract, it must be on the ground that he did, in fact, autho- rize it, and, if so, his liability ought not to exceed the extent to which his autho- rity was given. If a man invests in the business of any firm a thousand pounds, and takes no other part in their affairs, he doubtless constitutes each member of that firm his agent for the usual busi- ness that it transacts, and is accordingly bound by his agents' contracts in that business to the extent of that thousand pounds. But it is quite another thing to contend that the mere advance of that sum proves conclusively that the person so advancing it meant to authorize the firm, or any member of it, to pledge his entire fortune. The law, however, is now thus settled. Such an advance raises a legal presumption which cannot be rebutted, that the act- ing partner is as much the agent in the partnership business of the dormant partner as he is of the other acting partners, and that for his acts and en- gagements in the course of that business the dormant partner is answerable to "his last shilling and his last acre." The law in effect insists that in all trans- action's between the firm and other persons the dormant partner shall be re- garded as an active one. It attributes to him powers which it is impossible for him to exercise consis- tently with his secret character, and im- poses upon him the liability to perform engagements which he never undertook, and was never represented or believed to have undertaken. It confers on him the power of acting as the agent of his col- leagues who have not so deputed him, and gives the creditors of the firm rights for which they did not stipulate, against a man of whom they may have never heard, and to whom they did not give, or, at all events, were not justified in giving, credit. Various attempts have been made, but hitherto without success, to alter this state of the law. Although the correct- ness of this exposition of the common law has been warmly disputed, and although the question seems to have been long ripe for legislation, the haters of in- novation have hitherto prevented the enactment of any measure of limited lia- bility in England. The facilities recently given in that country for the formation of joint-stock companies have probably diminished the inconveniences that re- sult from the present state of the substantive law. Many years ago, the Irish Parliament passed an act for limiting liability, but its ma- chinery was too cumbrous, and it did not sufficiently distinguish between the defects we have pointed out in the actual law and in the mode of carrying it into effect. It consequently remained almost wholly, inoperative, and has, we believe, been lately repealed. Nearly the same remarks will apply to a similar at- tempt made by Mr. O'SHANASSY in the early days of the colony. The measure now before the Legislature is of a much simpler kind, and offers much fairer pro- spects of success. It is based upon a bill introduced sonle years ago into the House of Commons by Mr. ROBERT LOWE, and fully discussed at that time by the Law Amendment Society and the leading English jurists. But simple and unpretending as it appears, it in- volves considerations of great importance, and deserves very careful consideration. ================== The beautiful weather on Saturday caused cricket to be at a premium. Nearly every ground about the city was occupied by con- tending elevens. The principal match, which was between Richmond and East Melbourne, had, it is to be regretted, an unsatisfactory issue. Richmond, in the first innings, scored 108; and East Melbourne had lost one wicket for sixty-five runs, when the game was summarily stopped by a dispute consequent upon the umpire, the well-known cricketer, Mr. Hammersley, no-balling Greaves, the Richmond bowler, for high delivery, and throw- ing the ball. The question thus raised by Mr. Hammersley, regarding the fairness of the mode of bowling now so generally adopted, is one of much importance, and the action taken upon it will be looked forward to with interest. Upon the Melbourne ground a match between the first eleven of the club and the next twenty-two was played. Thanks to the loose- ness of the fielding and the vigorous batting of S. Cosstick, the eleven scored 170 runs, while the twenty-two lost ten wickets for seventy-seven. A match between the Abbots- ford and Essendon clubs resulted in the victory of the Essendon eleven, who scored fifty-eight to their opponents' thirty-two. A public meeting of the members of the Church of England was held in Christ Church Schools, Abbotsford, on Thursday last, in aid of the General Diocesan Fund. Mr. J. G. Reeves, chairman of the council, pre- sided, and the meeting was addressed by the Very Rev. the Dean, who gave a short report of the progress of the church in the colony for the post fifteen years, and explained the object of "diocesan funds," viz., to provide for the spiritual wants of poor or thinly peo- pled districts, to bring out clergymen from home, to assist in building churches, &c.; The other speakers and clergymen present were the Rev. C. J. Martin, Rev. G. Glover, and the Rev. Watson (just arrived from Tasmania.) A committee was formed, on the motion of Mr. Snowden, for the purpose of raising sub- scriptions of 2s. 6d. from each member, in accordance with the resolution of the Church Assembly. The report which was presented at the monthly meeting of the Eaglehawk Mining Association (Tarrengower), which was held on Saturday at the offices of the association Market street, Melbourne, stated that the board, in accordance with a recommendation contained in the previous report, had leased the crushing plant, the terms being that they should receive ten per cent. of the gross re- ceipts. The lessees Were also bound to keep the pumping machinery at work when re- quired, at a cost to the company of £14 per week. To facilitate the working of the deep ground, pumping operations had been carried .', on, and the director anticipated that in the course of next week the water would be suffi- ciently reduced to allow the sinking of the engine-shaft to be proceeded with almost im- mediately. The receipts for the month of October, including a balance of £19 6s. 8d. at the commencement of the month, amounted to £462 9s. 8d., and the expenses had been £35 12s. 6d., leaving a sum of £426 17s. 2d. in hand. The business of the meeting con- sisted solely of the adoption of the report, which was unanimously agreed to, on the motion of Mr. W. Allen, the chairman, se- conded by Mr. Keogh. The annual meeting of the Acclimatisation Society takes place this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, His Excellency the Governor will preside, and Proffesor McCoy will deliver an address. We have been re- quested to intimate that the attendance of ladies is specially invited. It is understood that Lady Barkly has expressed her intention to be present. A monthly meeting of the Concord Mining Association (Tarrengower) was held on Satur- day, at the offices of the association, 37 Mar- ket-street, Melbourne, and at the same time a special meeting was held "to consider the present position of the association, and to determine what steps are to be taken with respect to the same." Mr. W. Allen occupied the chair. Mr. R. Schlesinger, the secretary, said the report, which informed the share- holders that, in consequence of Mr. Gardiner having been disappointed in the result of his operations he refused to curry out the propo- sition for leasing the plant and mine, on the ground that he had lost all confidence in the affair. It seemed that he must have been on a patch of gold when he got the forty-five tons which yielded 7oz. 16dwt. Prospects had been tried both from the north and south ends of the company's ground, and it was found that even the colour could not now he seen, and that the gold had entirely run out. Al- though the board, when accepting the offer, had not much confidence in the result of the operations, they were determined lo give the ground a fair trial, if this could be accom- plished without much expense to the share- holders; and they, therefore, with the sanc- tion of the shareholders, leased the mine and plant, receiving a per centage on the gross receipts. The confidence of the board in the value of the mine was to a certain extent restored when they found that Mr. Gardiner, who had had some previous experience of the ground, agreed to lease the mine and plant, but they regretted to find, both on his account and that of the shareholders, that after doing every thing in his power to give the association's property a fair trial, he was com- pelled to suspend operations. Under these circumstances, it became necessary for the shareholders to determine whether it was ad- visable to continue operations, or to wind up the association, or as the 41st clause of Ire- land's act allowed the association to remove its works), to make some arrangements by which the shareholders would be enabled to receive for the use of the machinery an interest in any claim on which it was proposed to erect the same. With this object in view, the board had ascertained that the managing committee of the Grand Junction Mining Association would be disposed to entertain a proposition for working the Manton's Reef property, which, in consequence of the great influx of water, could not be worked without ma- chinery; and the board had called the special meeting of the shareholders for the purpose of hearing their opinion on the matter, and, if favourable, their authority to remove the machinery. The board thought that if this course were adopted, a very great sacrifice to the shareholders might be prevented, and that they could not be placed in in worse position than at present, as the machinery would still be the property of the association. The re- port was adopted, on the motion of the chair- man, seconded by Mr. Johnson. A dis- cussion then ensued as to the desirable- ness of winding up the company, or making arrangements for the removal of the machinery to Manton's Reef. The chairman, whose opinion seemed to be in favour of winding-up the company, stated that, if that course were adopted, the machinery and other assets of the company would probably realize sufficient to pay all claims against the com- pany. These claims, however, included a sum of £400 or £500, which the bank alleged to be due to them, but which Mr. Schlesinger believed they were not entitled to and could not legally enforce. It appeared that no offer had been made by the Grand Junction Com- pany as to the terms upon which the ma- chinery should be employed at Munton's Reef, or as to which company should defray the cost of the removal; and the Grand Junc- tion, it was intimated, were desirous that a proposal should emanate from the Concord Association. Ultimately, the following reso- lution was adopted, on the motion of Mr. G. Harker, seconded by Mr. Barlow:—"That the board of management ascertain whether the Grand Junction Mining Association are desirous to make an oiler for the use of the machinery of the Concord Association, for what period, and whether they propose to remove the same; and that the board be in- structed to report to the next monthly meet- ing the exact financial position of the associa- tion," The proceedings then terminated. The German fete, the announcement of which has attracted much attention of late, takes place at Cremorne Gardens to-day. In- dependently of the all- powerful charm of no- velty which it possesses, the fete offers many attractions to the general public. Among our German fellow-colonists, the event has aroused quite a feeling of enthusiasm, and Teutonic visitors from all parts of the colony are ex- pected to be present. On Friday 150 visitors arrived in town from Maryborough, and were hospitably entertained by the German Asso- ciation. Additional bands of several hundreds have either arrived, or are expected in town this morning, from Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and Ballarat; so that the union, it would ap- pear, will be complete. The programme is mainly composed of gymnastic and musical performances. The members of the various German gymnastic associations in Australia will compete in the muscular displays and feats, and suitable prizes are to be offered to them. At the musical festival, some of the grandest compositions of the great German masters are to be performed. A rehearsal took place on Saturday, and, judging from it, it may safely be said that the exertions which have been made to place these characteristic works before the public in a complete manner, are likely to be crowned with success. Selections from Weber, Mozart, and Mendlessohn are the principal features of the programme, but we observe, also, that two original compositions —a patriotic choral, by M. Huenerbein; and a choral, "Never despair," by Heir Elsaesser —are to be produced. The festival will take place in the theatre, which has been tho- roughly cleaned and appropriately decorated for the occasion. Part songs and choruses on the lakes form a pleasing item in the list of amusements, and, to the general public, not the least popular of the attractions will be the performance of Johnson's band, the dancing, and the fireworks. During the day, the asso- ciation will entertain its guests at a banquet, but this portion of the proceedings will be of a private character. The gardens will be opened at twelve o'clock, and remain open throughout the remainder of the day and evening, it may be well to-mention that every precaution has been taken to keep the attendance strictly select. At a little after midnight between last Satur- day and Sunday, a fire was observed in the clothing establishment of Messrs. Beeston Brothers, 185 Elizabeth-street. The alarm was given, and the fire-bell at the Town-hall sounded about the same moment. The United Insurance Brigade were on the spot in a few moments, and the Yan Yean being brought to bear upon the burning premises, the flames were quickly and totally extinguished, al- though the building was old and dry, and the stock-in-trade of a peculiarly inflammable na- ture. Owing to the opportune arrival of the fire- men, the damage done was, excepting a burnt hole in the ceiling, entirely contained to the shop in question, although when the men first came there appeared to be little hope of saving even the adjoining pre- mises. The cause of the fire is stated by Mr. H. Beeston to be accident. He was, he says, sitting in his shop after it had been shut up, and the gas turned off, for the purpose of looking over his books, and after about twenty minutes thus spent he saw the goods in his window in flames. He then gave the alarm. The firm was insured for £750 in the Colonial and Victoria offices. The Ovens Advertiser says:—"The Mining Board at their last sitting having declined to comply with some directions from the Mi- nister of Justice as to the framing of their bye-laws, have received a communication from that authority, stating that in future their bye-laws should be gazetted without any revision. The conduct of the board is, no doubt, very independent in this matter, but we believe it will give rise even to more litigation than the bye- laws have heretofore done." We regret to have to record the death by pneumonia of Mr. Frederick Thomas Mylrea, deputy commissary-general of the military forces stationed here. The deceased became a deputy assistant commissary-general in 1830, assistant commissary-general in 1839, and attained his present rank on January 1, 1855\. He was thus the senior of his rank, and stood first among the deputy commissaries general in the Army List. He was fifty-nine years old. The following is the substance of the report for the week ending Fiiday, as to the prisoners in the Central Gaol:—For trial at the Supreme Court, 21; remanded by magistrates, 11; under sentence—on the road-gang, 6; hard labour, 102 males, 2 females; imprisonment, 130 males, 1 female; lunatic, 1; default of bail, 12; debtors, 11; contempt of court, 1 female. Received during the week, 71; discharged, 90\. At the Western Gaol there were—awaiting trial, 6 females; remanded by magistrates, 3 males, 7 females; at hard labour, 5 males, 18 females; imprisoned, 3 males, 18 females, lunatics, 9 males, 2 females. Received during the week, 36; discharged, 45. With No. 10 of the Public Lands Circular, pub- lished on Saturday, is issued a plan distinctly showing the tracks to the Jordan gold-fields of Geurin, via the river Yarra; Hughes, via Buneep; and Campbell and McEvoy, via Sale. On Saturday afternoon last, forty members of the Williamstown division of the Naval Brigade turned out for rifle prize shooting, for part of their portion of the Government grant, the remainder going for great-gun and field-piece prizes, to be shot for hereafter. The ranges were 200, 500, and 600 yards. A prize to the highest scorer at each range, and four prizes for the four highest total scorers. Seaman Gunner Elliot took the prize at 200 yards, Seaman Gunner Nicholson the prize at 500 yards, and Seaman Gunner Mouat the prize at 600 yards. Mouat also took the highest prize on the total scoring; Nicholson, Spring, and Lieutenant Fullarton the remain- ing prizes. The firing throughout was good, the wind, from being across the range in the earlier part of the firing, changing nearly all round the compass, and at one time blowing very fresh. The com- pany still keep up their good attention at drill and old prestige, their average returns at drill being about third on the list, as recorded at the volunteer-office, their grant of money being proportionate to their average returns. On last Saturday week, some of the members turned out for great-gun practice, with shot (321b.), and made some capital firing, two shots passing through the target, which was a small boat moored at a distance of 1,000 yards off, under the charge of Staff-officer Payne. They have commenced drill at the new sixty-eight- pounders, which, however, cannot be fired until the Observatory is removed to Melbourne. Commodore Burnett, in H.M.S. Orpheus, is likely to pay Hobson's Bay a visit before long. The Naval Brigade anticipate being inspected by him at the great-gun exercise. The country journals are already beginning to complain of the scarcity of water, the reservoirs of the miners rapidly drying up, and the season promising to be unusually hot and dry. At Ararat, for several days last week, the thermometer stood at ninety-five degrees in the shade; and bush-fires have been frequent on the Grampians. Weather of this kind is not usually felt in that elevated region before January is well advanced. A discovery of copper was lately announced by the McIvor News as having been made in the neighbourhood of Mount Ida, and the prospector applied to the Mining department for a lease of lands on which he proposed to mine for copper. It has since been found, however, that the ore discovered is not cop- per, but iron, curiously tinged with green. This is the first time iron so tinted has ever come under our observation, and the proba- bility is, that the iron has been coloured by streams of water from a copper lode in the neighbourhood, which may yet be found. On Friday evening, about a hundred of our German fellow-colonists met in their club in Russell-street, in order to receive the deputies from Ballarat, Sandhurst, Maryborough, and elsewhere, to the German Gymnastic and Music Festival. The hall and supper-room were tastefully decorated, the national flag (black, red, and gold), and the Ballarat Gym- nastic Association flag, being conspicuously handsome. The proceedings were opened by the President, Herr Meyring, taking his place at the head of the supper-table, and calling on the company to welcome the guests by accla- mation, according to national custom. This formality over, he invited inspection of the various prizes—displayed on a side-table—to be distributed on Monday next, to the best singers and turners. These prizes were very beautiful, particularly the silver-mounted drinking-horns and the embroidered belts and scarfs, worked by German ladies. After sup- per, several national toasts and speeches were delivered, and various choruses and quartette songs were sung. In the famous German na- tional song, "Was ist das deutsche Vater- land," the Liedertafel gave an excellent speci- men of their proficiency. It was rapturously applauded. Taking advantage of the holiday pro- claimed to-day, many of the Melbourne cricket clubs have made arrangements for playing matches in the afternoon. On the Melbourne ground, the first eleven of the Civil Service will meet, the second eleven of the metropolitan club, and a pleasant and close game is anticipated. On the Richmond ground, a scratch match between the members of the club is to take place, wickets to be pitched at one o'clock. The law courts will be closed to-day. Their Honours the Judges of the Supreme Court were engaged on Saturday in disposing of ap- peals from courts of petty sessions and courts of mines. The Court, at its rising, adjourned until Tuesday (to-morrow). We have received from Mr. Isaac Evans the sum of 10s. for the Bowie v. Wilson fund. A reward of £20 is offered by the Govern- ment for information which shall lead to the conviction of the parties who attacked and severely maltreated Constable James Douglas, about two o'clock on the morning of the 10th inst., on Sandridge Town Pier. On Saturday, at the City Police Court, three seamen of the schooner Snowdon were sent to gaol for one month each, and ordered to for feit 20s. of their wages, for having broached a full quarter-cask, and drawn therefrom a gallon of port wine. At the Richmond Police Court, on Satur- day, Eliza Ann Turner was brought up on remand, on a charge of having attempted self- destruction; but it had been found that she was insane, and she was sent to the Yarra Bend Asylum. Alice Whitehead, brought up on a similar charge, was remanded till Saturday. The failure of the cotton supply has oc- casioned considerable distress in the manu- facturing districts of Scotland as well as in Lancashire; and, following the example set in the latter case, an effort is now being made to send home relief to the distressed opera- tives of Glasgow, Paisey, and surrounding districts. A number of influential gentlemen met at the Criterion Hotel on Saturday (Mr. M. Hervey, M.L.C., in the chair), for the purpose of organizing means for ob- taining subscriptions towards the end in view, and considerable success has al- ready attended their efforts. The ob- jects of the meeting were explained by the chairman, by Mr. Langwill, and by Mr. Millar, who had previously called attention to the subject in the newspapers; and after that had been done, Mr. Thomson (of Kil- patrick and Sons), to give proper shape to the wishes of those present, moved, "That in consequence of the distress existing amongst the cotton spinners of Scotland a fund be raised for their relief, to be called the Scottish Operatives Relief Fund." The motion was seconded by Mr. Thos. Alston (of Alston and Brown), and carried unanimously. Some little conversational discussion next ensued as to the appointment of a committee to carry out that resolution, but ultimately it was resolved that the follow- ing gentlemen should be appointed, with power to add to their number:—Mr. Hervey M.L.C., Mr. J. V. A. Bruce, Mr. P. Langwill, Mr. W. Millar, Mr. Sloane, Mr. J. S. Butters, Mr. T. Alston, Mr. W. K. Thomson, Dr. Haddon, Mr. D. E. Thomson, Mr. H. M. C. Gem- mell, Mr. T. J. Sumner, and Mr. John Thomson. Of these gentlemen, Mr. Hervey was appointed chairman, and Mr. John Thomson, secretary, while Mr. Matheson, of the Bank of Victoria was selected as treasurer. Before the end of the meeting, a great many names were added to the original committee list. On the motion of Mr. W. K. Thomson, the se- conder being Dr. Hadden, a subscription-list was at once opened, and the gentlemen pre- sent subscribed upwards of £300 amongst them. We are informed that a great effort will be made to send home a pretty large sum of money by the mail which leaves on Wednesday. After the business of the general meeting, which terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman, was over, a special committee meeting was held, for the purpose of arranging the necessary details in connexion with the movement, such as the appointment of agents in different towns, &c.; "Belphegor," with Mr. Dillon in the prin- cipal character, his been running for a week at the Haymarket; and the huge audiences that have assembled evening after evening may be taken as some evidence that, as a melodramatic actor, Mr. Dillon can render himself attractive to playgoers. We have already spoken at some length of this gen- tleman's representation of the part of the mountebank, and i need only now be said that a second visit confirms the impression produced by his first appear- ance. Whatever Mr. Dillon may be in other and different characters, he is at least successful in Belphegor. On that point we should think there can hardly be two opinions. In the hands of indifferent actors "Belphegor" is by no means a pleasant play, but put upon the stage as it is at the Haymarket and so ad- mirably played, as far as regards all the more prominent characters, it is one which will well bear seeing more than once. The first act—as those who know the play will readily understand—affords the greatest scope for a display of Mr. Dillon's powers, and in it he succeeds in completely gaining the favour of his audience, and the impression he created is but strengthened as the play proceeds. Belphegor is a character which most actors would spoil. In it we should have with the great majority, melodrama outdone, but with Mr. Dillon the case is dif- ferent. He comprehends and represents the character as it would present itself to the minds of those capable of comprehending the mainsprings of action on the part of such a man as the mountebank, supposing his story were a real one. Of course, Mr. Dillon has not alone rendered "Belphegor" so successful as it has been during the past week. He is for- tunate in the support which he receives, and Mrs. Robert Heir, Miss Rosa Dunn, Mr. Ste- wart, Mr. Lambert, and Mr. Fitzgerald, may fairly claim a reasnable share of the honours. Taken altogether, the play undoubtedly offers attractions sufficient to warrant its very favourable reception. 