I MEDICAL Rtroui. I To the Buard of Directors, Gentlemen,-I have the honour to lay before you the annual report for the year ending 31st December, 1801. It is with much pleasure that I find myself in n position to state that the sanitary condition of the inmates for tho past twelve months has been superior to that of any preceding year. There has been an entire absence of all disease of an epidemic character, while the minor complaints incidental to obildren were few, and yielded readily to treatment. The utmost attention has been devoted to the prevention and. 6upprctslon of cutaneous affections. The variety transmitted from the Benevolent Asylum, nnd alluded to in last report, notwith- standing its apparent disappearance for monthB together, has oc- casionally show n itself,-those affected being chiefly of a depraved ? or strumous habit of body. Pórrigo, or ecald head, so generally prevalent In former years, now scarcely finds a place In our list of cases. Those unaffected with this disease were at one time rare and exceptional, but notwithstanding the obstinacy of the complaint it has been effectually removed. At present there is only one case requiring treatment, and that of its mildest kind. Ophthalmia, or inflammatory affections of the eyes, has been a source of some anxiety, more from their severity than number, which was comparath ely small. So far, those who suffered, have recovered without any permanent defect. It is worthy of remark, that it is generally on admission to the establishment that the -hildrcn aro hable to attack. Instances are rarely met with among those who have been inmates for a few months. I pre- sume the sudden change, exposed position, sandy nature of th locality, sufficiently account for the fact. The completion of th > new wing will afford the protection so much required, and, ni. doubt, tend to do away with this class of cases. There have been «cvcial cases of fever, affecting children of both sexes-aU termi- nating fatourably, i The above class of diseases, although of less conscqueneo than many others to which tho ) oung are liable, aro still very impor- tant, end prove troublesomo In consequence of their contngiou i character. It is much to be regretted that the means of stpara - ting the affected are yet unprovided. ' A little girl died in November last ; she was naturally delicate, and was one of the draught received from the Benevolent Asylum some two years since. In recording this single death it mast still be pleasing to you who havo devoted your valuable time and energies to the pro- motion of the grand objects for which the Asylum was founded, to see that the annual rate of mortality continues so insignificant. The following is a statement of tho strength of the Institution on the 31st December, 1SG1 : 145 boys 11« girls. * i *?>? . The above 2G0 is exclusive of nine boys and six girls, now ap- prenticed to the establishment, making a total ot 2'G, the ages uveraging as follows : 3 years and under S years ... ... 50 , 5 ditto ditto ditto 7 ditto ... ... GO 7 ditto ditto ditto 10 ditto ... ... IU I 10 ditto ditto ditto 13 ditto ... ... '31 I Average age of apprentices 13 ... - ... -15 270 | A M BnowN, Visiting Physician to AB)lum Destitute Children. The qmusunKn (Mr Caldwell) read a statement of accounts, from which it appeared that the total expenditure for the year had been £4727 11B Id., the receipts £1304 12s 5d , leaving a balance due to the Commercial Bank of £423 188. lid. The Catherine Hayes Fund had been augmented b) the addition of three months' bank interest, and now amounted to £917 8s 3d. Of tho INCW Building Fund only a portion of the amount v otcd by Parliament had been spent At tho end of the year there was a balance of £4770 Ga 2d , but this had been since expended, and application had been made to the Government fora further grant. The % cn Archdeacon M'JVNCBOF moved, " That the report now read be adopted, and, together with tho treasurer's abstract, bo printed and circulated under tho direction of the board of direc- tors " The rev gentleman said ho did not take the thin atten- dance as anv indication of want of sympathy on the part of tho public , it was generally the case that the more confidence the people had in the management of the affairs of a public institu- tion, the less they thought proper to interfere He had taken part ui the mointcnance of this Institution from tho very beginning, believing, as he did, that ev cry one ought to oo-operate, as far as ho tould to alleviate the misery and improve the moral and physical condition of tho rising generation He was disposed to attnbuto all tile crime, misery, and deprav lty amongst us to two main causes- the drunkenness and neglect of parents, and the igno- rance of the rising generation. Ho thought society would gam little frem its riddance of transportation pollution unless it got rid of this intemperance and ignorance Ibo very bane of this colony was drunkenness and dissipation. One great mode of relief w as the rcmov al of the poor helpless children from the Boones of vice and misery in which thev were being reared, For those whom death bad deprived of parents, an orphan school was rounded, for thoso who were abandoned or neglected by patents of a vicious and worthless churacter, the Destitute Children's Asylum iras established lie was glad, too, to seo that the Go- vernment were taking up the subject of a reformatory school foi juvenile offenders, as it would bo very injudicious to admit this class into the Destitute Children's AB) lum Yv o might now hope that the colony would rctrlov e Its character and raise upa gene- ration of good, moral, and honest people His Worship the MAI on seconded the resolution He had listened, ho said, with a deal of pleasure to the report, and the explanations vi hieb had been given of tho working of this most useful and truly benevolent institution, m the success of which he should always feel a lively interest. It would afford him gratifi- cation at all times to assist the committee and the funds to the utmost of his power, for he knew of no association or societ) which w as so deserving of public support. (Hear, hear ) Tho resolution was then put, and passed unanimously. Tho ltcv. Gronos KINO moved the second resolution, as folloTE -"That the thanks of this meeting be given to his Excellency the Gov ernor, the Ministry, and the colonial Parlia- ment, for the aid aüordcd to the society during the past year " ] HUB resolution would need no argument in order to commend it to the attention of tho meeting lue present institution had been a recipient of Government aid to a considerable extent, and in the mode of the bcstowincnt of its grants, and m the terms oi. which thev wore given, ho saw an encouragement and an incen- tive to public co-operation which ought novcr to be lost sight of The Gov ernment grants an equal sum to that which may De col- lected by public contributions, and thus they have the satisfaction of knowing that every pound contributed by members of the community becomes, as it reaches the treasurer of the institution, two pounds to this charitable cause. In this arrangement ibero isawlsdom worthyof the Gov ernment, and deserving of thoir admiration Such co-opeiation of the two component elements of the community-the Legislature and the people-IB calculated to harmonise the feelings of socictv and to engender confidence and aiTcction, if such a happy concurrence ot aim and action were extended throughout the v arious ramifications of society, then, instead of tho sufp'cious mistiusts which too frequentl) mingled with tho dealings of v anous classes, we might behold the entire communitv unitcu together as one great family, who'c interests were identical In commending this institution to the notice of the public, thev had little of an, exciting charac- ter to attract attention It is unostentatious and unobtruslv e in its action. AU its work and labour of love is earned on quietly w ithin tho retirement of its walls. It receiv es the little houseless wanderer, itthmws open its doors to the unhanpy victim of paternal intemperance, it rc«cucs the incipient vagrant from tho temptations of the street, it cuts ou* m the bud tun main source of discomfort to societ) at largo, and with reference to the child- ren themselves, it bringa those neglected creatures within the palo of civilited life, ¡t impresses upon their young mind lessens of moral and religious instruction, whereby they ma) become use- ful membcis of society, and bo blessed In their own souls In a v ord, it rescues them from the snares of Satan, and brings them beneath tho Bhadow of the Itedecmcr's wings The vcrv clement of which it is composed is calculated to Inspire even human breast with the tendcrest sympathy Tho moat interesting, and perhaps the loveliest object in nature, is a child happv in bis own native innocency. Creation in all Its wonderful variety seems mado expressly to minister to his joy. His Ufo is ono unclouded day To his keen and ardent perceptions the ought) clements m all their varied tempers of smiles and tears, ot hope and disappointment, of storm and sun- shine, of pcaco at d war, are but the shifting scenes in life's great drama, delighting et cr) sense, irradiating otery emanation of | thought, and perpetuating an unwearied round of joyous excite- i mint. All fie asks of earth, or sea, or sky, Is their com- panionship , he feels a somithing in them which sympathises with his spint, and lcat es him net cr to a moment of loneliness But such a childhood has not been left to nature's onh culture j A mother's tendel care, u father's wise control, hate led his infant mind from stage to stage, and hands intisible, which I mortal et es cannot discern, have shaped his little ends. How fair , the garden of humanit) would be if et er) bud and blossom | showed the bloom and spread abroad the fragrance of that sweet flow cr, \ ou hat c bat to sec it in the midst ef its engaging action i in ord-r to knew how trul) it m ly bo said-" To Uve is to enjoy." Hut childhood in aU lu phases is not a mcrr) sunahuic. JatberB there arc whoso once loving hearts theale cup has filled with gall, nnd mothers there arc whose once warm aftVction has Eunk down to ashes through the tapour of intemperance. Ihe I curse of buch a house de cendä in double force upou Its wretched little one. Home, that sacred type of Heat cn, becomce to him the foreshadowing of eternal writh. He shuns the scene with I horror, and seeks compamon«hip in the streets Once there, ho casll) becomes the prey of cider and more hardened vagrants And sson he joins that band of little, restless, prowling " Arab«," who scent the four corners of ct cry house, their hand against ctery man, and etcrj man'B hand against them ïhis little band at length becomes a ronng nurser), from w hieb, the outlawed gangs of robbers and of housebreakers select their ready journey- men. OI what a moral victory it would be to rescue this young apprentice from that Satanic school of miser) and degradation before he has become Irrotnct ably lost. This is the great desi- deratum of humanity-to thin the ranks of man's malignant enemy, and to strengthen the army of adt ancing civilisation on the moral battle-field of earth. And in the van of that little aim) which labours to adt ance man's best interest for timo and for eternity w ill be found such institutions as this, which wo come hen. to ndtocate to-night. The Destitute Children's Asylum Is the pioneer of God's mighty host. It la- s the founda- tion of a great moral bulwork, to stem the tide of t ice and immo- rality. It takes its foundation- stones from the mire and rubbish of the city, but it applies to them the hammer and the chisel, and fits them for uselul, and it may bo important positions in the moral fortifications of our treat future. Such an institution as this is worthy of the best attention of et cry philanthropist, Mid wo-would carnestlt commend it to tho notice and the patron »go of et cry fncnd of humanity m the country, Mr 8 I»onm, 1\ ril, seconded the rcolution. After the satisfactory report which had been read, and the eloquent addresses the meeting had already listened to, ho would not detain them with any remarks of his own.butsimplj confine him- self to seconding the resolution-in which he concurred most cor diallt , and he hoped they would always hat e to acknowledge a similar lit ely sympathy and assistance on the part of the Got un ment and the Legislature in fat our of this useful Institution, The resolution was then put and passed unanimously Mr, J, F, Josi i iisov, in rising to mot o the third resolution, said he regretted that the attendance should bo so emull, but thought that something might still bo done hy thoso present towards the support of so excellent an institution He hogged to sa) that ho was prepared to hand over to the treasurer the sum oí £25, if unj ladt 01 gentleman present w as ready to contribute an equal sum. (Applause) It w as only by bo exertmg them- selves in aid of the funds, that the prosperity of euch noble Insti- tutions could bo permanently sustained, and incumbranco« atoided The resolution which had boen entrusted to him to mote for their adoption was as follows -"lhat the thank of this meeting bo piten to the directors nnd office- bearers, us well aa to thellady tihitore, and that the Hon. L Deas Thomson ho continued in his offlco as president; the Hon. George Allen and the Ucncrable Archdeacon M'Encroc be appointed taec-presidents, in accordance with ihe recommenda- tion contained in the annual report, that John Caldwell, Lsq , M L.A , be continued m his office as treasurer, the Rev A. Ste- phen as secretar), and that the following gentlemen be ap- pointed directors in the toom or those who retire, vb -Mr. Johnstone, Dr. Bowman, Messrs. Cowling, Hunt, Brindley, and E A Levy " ne had no hesitation in saying, after what they had heard from his Excellency, that the thanks of all friends of the institution must Indeed be due to the directors and office- bearers, under wboBe Bupcrtision the asylum had reached 11s present state of efficiency, Their cordial tnanks wero also duo to the lady visitors, because the interest which thej hod been kmd enough to manifest hod, he fe.t nure, been of a ii ott beneficial character. He had great pleauuro in moving the resolution which he had read to the meeting, and ¡tit no doubt but that it would be corned without a dissentient voice Mr ALENJVN»FU M'Ai nun seconded tLe motion He had alw aj B felt a deep and abiding interest in the institution, and only regretted that ho had not boon able personally Io do more in its behalf It was an institution of such great pi etical utility tbat its importance could se irecly be over-estimated Mr J G. lUnrAH, supported the resolution Sir William Deni«on, who took a warm interest in that institution, would be plcoBCd to leam through tne press that his wishes for the well being of the institution were carried out, and that none were appointed to take part in its management but thoso who were thoroughly identified w ith its interests The resolution * as then put and carried unanimously. On the mot OD of the ltcv. ALFKID St !? rum» his Lxcellcncy vacated the chair, which wa6 thereupon occupied by the Hon. Gi OROF Ar LFN, Lsq , M L C The Rev G F SIIEBIDAM moved that a vote of thanks be pie scnlcd o his Lxcellcncy for his able conduct m the chair The noble speech with w hich his Lxcellcncy had opened the proceed- ings thnt ev cning w as one w Inch full) convinced him, and ho thought the meeting generally, that ho rightly estimated his position in the community, and that hiB career w13 likely to be a prosperous one. Ile (Mr Sheridan) hadc/rl all) ill ovedof the observations of his Lxcellcncy as to tho 111.1 oiionet of the religious training of the children in connection with that lUbtitution. Vvhat he had said showed that he was fully ahv e to the importance of such a training, and how ncccssarv a thing it was if the ends of the in- stitution weic to be cflcctually cairicd out. This, ho was happy to Eay, was a thing that could bo Bccurcd without any seotanan lecling of lealous) 01 bitterness being engendered, Ihey had pioved tlu this could be the case LaBtvear, when Sir William Denison occupied the chair, lie (Mr, Sheridan) had taken oocaston to express his satisfaction at the manner in which tho institution was managed, and the total absence of any sectarian feeling Sir Y ilham Denieon, at the time, said he was highly gratified to find tbat such was the case, as ii confirmed his ow n impressions, and he (Mr Sheridan) was happy to say that the same state of things EUI continued. (Applause ) He w as pleased to say that the insti- tution was as much I*rolcstant as Catholic-as much Catholic as Protestant, (Loud cries of "Hear") What was a matter of congratulation to thom last year was a matter of cv cn greater satisfaction at the present time, and it was gratifying to think that that liberality of sentiment was not confined to this institution, but vyas extending lUclf I throughout the entire community. He desued to avail himself of this opportunity to make an acknowledgment of the liberality wbich.had been so conspicuously manifested b) the colonial Government towards that institution. The Gov ern- ment had provided that the children should have permis« on to travel b) thorailwav, freo of cost, to Campbelltown, so that they might hav c the pleasure of cujO)ing an agreeable houdoy. lie might mention that the directors had deputed him to vu t Campbelltown in order to make arrangements for the foi thcora ing lestiv al f Cheers ) On visiting Campbelltown on the prc \iousday ho had cverywhero been vei) warmly received, and every desire evmced to co operate with him. He had first visited tho reverend lather Koche, then the reverend Mr. Smith (the Church of TngUnd minister), and lastly the Rev. Mr, M'Gce-the Fresh) terian munster All theso gentlemen had met him in the most cordial m inner, and pro- mised bim cv cry co operation and assist ince. He bad no doubt that the) w ould hav e a glorious da) w iib. the children at Camp- belltown on Thursday week. (ChcerB ) He had great pleasure m moving a vote of thanks to their distinguished chairman. Mr R, 0'Com.on seconded the motion, und in so doing took occasion to express the high scnEe h<\- entertained of the manner in which the Governor, as representative of her Majesty, presided 01 cr their charitable instituUous, without distinction of greed or party Mr GEOBGF ALIF>, before putting the icBolution to the vote, in a few appropriate scntencee, thanked the meeting for the honour tncy had done him in electing him as one of the x ice presidents of the institution It would cv cr bo a great pleasure to him to for- ward its interests to the utmost of his pow cr The vote of thanks to tho Governor was then earned amid loud demonstrations of applause. nis Exert LEI, cv bnefly acknowledged the compliment, testi fving his admiration for the institution, and expressing tho pleasure he bod felt in taking part m tho proceedings. The meeting terminated shortly after nine o'clock. THE ISTEM-ATIONAI. EXDIHITION -The samples of wool in- tended for the International Exhibition In London were exhi- bited to the public vcstcrday, at the offices of the Commissioners, in It cw Pitt Btrcet, but the attendance was not numerous. The tisitors were mostly confined to persons interested iu the pro- duction or the cxpoit of wool, all of whom expressed t cry great admiration at the splendid samples of our staple. There can be no question that the Australian wools will, so far BB this colony is concerned, bo tcry efficiently represented at the Great Exhibition. The samples nott on tiew possess, in an eminent degree, all the characteristics -which havo git cn talue to our fleeces in the Luglish markets, exhibiting not only the Intrinsic qualities of the wool, but also the extreme caro bestowed on the getting up of the Eamples The general character of the greasy wools is very good, but the prize sample, XXXI (41 ), grown by Messrs. J. H. and A B Cox, is unquestionably the best, being particolarly valuable on account of its closeness and fineness. Two other samples (42 and 43) from the Bame growers, exhibit more o' the mermo, and hate a greater length of Binnie. The sample marked "H H " (33) is a combing wool of high character, and " Spur-winged plot cr "(45) deserves to be classed t ery high on account of its soundness, strength of staple, and adaptability to combing purposes. The frecccs marked "Tcntavi" (21), aie of large tire, but are rather open and seedy, Amongst the other samples of greasy wool are set eral that are entitled to a very high portion The sample of wool washed on the sheep's back that obtained the prize was one of the L. V. E. clip marked " Tovjovrs le i leur" (3), grown by Messrs Riley and Bloomfield, n superior clothing wool, fine, clean, and strong instnplc " Spur-winged plot ci " (27), ia also a very fine sample of fleece wool, long m staple, and got up in a suponor st) le, it is indeed washed so while as almost to resemble cotton, the con- sequence of w hich ia that the w ool is harsh and will require more oil In working The prize sample for scoured wool was that marked "Spero". (2b), grown b) Mr Rowland J Trail, of Collaroy, and is considered to be one of the best washed and got up wools et cr exhibited, its quality rendering it well adapted foi manuficturmg purposes Ihe sample marked "fepes" (40), is a wool ol tory high clas?, but rather inferior in condition to that just mentioned The samples, "Chanticleer" (21', " Vnuno et lide" (31), and "J) D" (33), deserve particular notice, being in beautiful con- dition, "B B " (30), scoured lambswool is very wcllgot up, but is apparently otcrw ashed. In addition to the samples of sheep s wool exhibited, some samples of the lloma and alpaca fleeces hat e been sent down by Mr Ledger Ihe exhibition of these will afford the opportunity of contrasting the small weight and coarse quality of the llama's fleece with the size and fineness of tho-e of the alpaca, und of tracing the succe-sitc advances made in each cross of «hese animals. The fleeces of nine and of sixteen months' growth display these results most conspicuously, tho 6ilklike quality of the wool is much admired, and surprise is expressed at the size of the fleeces, considering the age of the animals Mr. Ledger has also sent two fleece- of sheep's wool, thct aro from rams grown bv Mr V Lyall, one being a Cotswold merme, and the other a Leicester merino The fleeces are t cr) heavy, coarse, but of good length of staple, and fclossy, they are bal ely of ten months' growth One of the rams, after being shorn of a fleece weighing 15 lbs 9 ozs , weighed, alite, 213 lbs , and the other weighed ¿27 lbs. It was intended that, besides the samples of the new clip of w ool, there should be samples exhibited of the new crops of cereals, and specimens of these were invited. At E resent, only three samples of wheat bato come to hand, grown v Sir W. Macarthur, but we understand that some other cereals will nrnt e m time for sending bv the mail Th Exhibition will remain open to day and to- morrow, and we adviso those who are desirous of seeing the finest samples of colonial wool that have cter bein collected in S)dncy to take the opportunity of inspect- ing them. IHE SEAPOV AND THE CHOPS -The weather at Armidale is tcry dry and unusual,) hot. On Tuesday and Friday the ther- mometer in the Express offlco indicated 80 degrees, which is a more than ordinary maximum heat for Ivew England There w as a little thunder in the beginning of the week with a few drops of rain, and on Thursday et ening heavy flashes of light- ning wero reflected from the W cstcrn sky, but Kndnj wa' cloud- less, calm, and without any appearance ora speedy change. The wheatisrU/ining rapidly, and there is already a brisk demand for reapers The wheat crop, according to the best information, is ter) patchy In odd places there Is a crop as good as that of last year, whilo In others It is absolutely not worth mowing, much less reaping The early and the late crops would appear to be the best, as a general rule, while those sown at a medium period hat ebeen the most unsuccessful this season.-Armidale JCxpt tu I bcoNK.-The Maitland Mercury's correspondent writes -The weather during the past week has been most distressingly hot, the sun burning up ev ery thing m its course. Vie have hadan occa- sional thunder-squall with xivid lightning, in Eome measure clanfvmg the atmosphere, but accomporued by little or no rain, the want of which begins tobe BCriouBly felt. What makes the heat Btill more intense, is that bush-fires are raging on the moun- tains both cast and west of the town. Mo trust a change may soon take place, or the v cgetable kingdom- as far as Scone is con- cerned-will be extinct, Tbe fiuit-trccs look pretty well, as also tbc vises, but the fruit will not be of much account, owing to ripening too fist-that is to «av, it will be of no si/e llomji-.m in A CAnniEn-1 he other dav the chief constable of Mumm ndl apprehended a man named Park, a earner on the northern line ol road, who resides at Quirindi, upon a oharge of opening the cases and packages entrusted to him to deliver at lamworth, the propel ty of Messrs Cohen, Some two cases of gin had been drunk, a case of brandy also, and bales of goods havo boen 6UK-C found upon tho road Mr. Thorpe found tho man drunk, and in the act of breaking into a fresh case of grog. The empt) bottles had been carefully packed away in the casca as their contents were got nd of Mr. Thorpe kept an oyo upon Park, and from certain words that dropped, he sent a telegram to Tomwoi th, and soon recciv ed a repl) to apprehend tho man, who is now in the lockup,-Correspondent of the Maitland Mer airy. 'lia WEATHEB.-On Saturday tho excessive hent of the week was broken by the ornval of a thunderstorm from the southward about half-past ten at night An ov erpowcring gusty and dusty wind was succeeded b) some wclcomo showers, but they lasted only an hour or so and mcrtly refreshed the exhausted vegetation. The weather since has been sultry, with the wind from the cast and north-east, but dry -Maitland Mercury lau. SFLECTION IN THE MAITLAND DISTRICT.-lhe Maitland Met airy says -In this district not a single Inquiry has been made sinco the Lands Alienation Act carne into force. This is probabl) attnbutable to the fact that a large quantity of land in this distnet has for years post been sun eyed ana open to selection. n-siUNo -It is rather surpnsuig thit fish aro not more gone rall) caught m the Hunter Uiver, and indeed that they do not form on article of sale. As an indication that fishing would bo remunerative, we may mention that upwaids of 200 were caught a few days since in one haul, out of the Hunter, near Mr, , Brown's farm, the largest of which, a perch, weighed eight I pounds -Singleton Times HhAT.-On Monda) last the heat was terrifie, and bush fires roared aw av in all dirccUonb. iutwas burnt over the nvcr, seemingly by unavoidable combustion. Few of tho enclosing ranges ot the plains were visiblo for smoke, and nature seemed parched up. In our ofilce Farcnheit showed 115, and in the adjoining room the glass was 117. At half-past flv e p m it stood at 113 -Singleton Times. FBFE 6ELECTIO v.-A telegram was recciv ed on Thursday last by the Bench of Magistrates from the Surv eyor-Genenl, inti- mating that those portions of land which had been selected within the area of the Mongarlowe Riv cr gold- fields must bo withdrawn, as the purchase could not be completed, the deposit money will, however, be refunded on production of tho receipts to the land agent. The following arc the lots alluded to, vi? -Patnck M'Gratb, 100 acres, near Dixon's 2000 acreB , John Sutherland Shin, 40 acres, near Durran Durra, W. J. Whitfield, 40 acres, on Fagan's Creek, Hcnrv Bueklana, 50 acres, at Sawpit Gully, James Beadman, 40 acres, at Mountain Ash Creek, and George Boland, 40 acres, at Cookanulla Creek.-Braidwood Dispatch, NATIVE ANTIMONY -The Western Examiner says: We have been favoured by Mr. Denis Hanrahan, of the Wellington Inn, with an excellent specimen of antimony, found in the vicinity of one of the brick kilns of this town. This mineral abounds in the neighbourhood. OrniB GOLD-On Pndav, a gentleman, a roBidontof Ophir, called at this office, and showed us 9 lbs weight of gold, purchasod ut that diggings by him, It was a pretty evcnadmixturcof coarse and fine gold, with a few good-sued nuggets,- Western | Examiner. Ai. AMCOMJEB CAUOIIT -William M'Dougall, a man who ab scouded from Maitland a year or two ago, while ho was under committal for the crime of horse-Btcaling, and WUOBC guilt ap- peared so evident fiom the facts brought out at his brother's trial (who was tried and acquitted on the same charge) has been ogam apprehended in the interior, charged with a more dreadful crime, namely murder, and arrived at Maitland gaol on Saturday, where he will await his trial at the next Circuit CaurU-Maitlnud Mercury, 