BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. [FiiOM OUIi OWN CORRE3P JNDENT3 ] NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, 22nd September. | ARRIVAL OF M 'KIN LAY. M'Kinlay and party have arrived in excellent health, per the Buiclutha, g., from Rockhampton, in accordance with the report brought here by Capt. Adams, of tho brig Fortune. He sa Is this afternoon for Melbourne, en route for Adelaide. He states that after leaving South Australia, and exploring in search of Burke, he was pre vented from fulfilling his instructions in exploring to the westward by heavy tropical rains, which ' filled the creeks. He went further north, in hopes of rounding or crossing the creeks. This he was unable to do until so far north that, provisions being short, he determined to strike for the Gulf. in the nope oi reacning ii..vi.o. Victoria, ana getting a supply oi provisions from that vesscli and then return south-west und explore the country in that direction, according to instruc tions received frnm tlie S. A. Government. When he arrived at the Albert he found the Victoria had left, and lie then determined to make for the nearest settlement. Having halted a few days to recruit and prepare some provisions, in the shape of camel beef, he started for Port Denison. Struck the settled districts at Harvey and Somers' sta tion, wi ere ho was hospitably received. He ar rived at Port Denison, and sailed in the Ben Bolt, as already reported. They met the Pioneer, with Governor Bowen on board, en route for Cape Y orke, to visit tlie intended settlement there. He says Rockingham Bay is a preferable spat for the nucleus of a new colony or tjwnBhip. He found some Bplendid country to the south of the stony desert, which he crossed. He has been very fortu nate in having always abundance of water and good feed during the whole of his journey, ex tend ng over one year. He had one very severe encounter with the blackB, who attacked him, but fortunately they were driven off without injuring his small but plucky party. Thehorse-stealers, who were previously reported as having taken a mob of horses from several sta' tions in tho interior, have been arrested with the whole of the plunder in their possession, which they were driving towards the seaboard. \- The gang of bushranger?, who have hitherto been scouring the Western district, have again robbed the Mudgee mail. The party arrested for the last robbery has been committed for trial, The R.M.S. Northam takes 9000 oz of gold and 83,000 sovereigns. The Aurelia brings 14,000 bags Manilla sugars. Mr Middleton, second in command of M'Kin lay's party, has stayed behind him in Sydney. SnakeB are beginning to be about, and a boy has died at Rand wick from the effect of a bite. There are several bush-fires around Sydney and the weather is very warm. Arrived : Jeannie Dove, from Port Curtis ; Stornaway, from Nowcastle. Ma.itla.nd, 22nd September. The drought is still alarming in the district, and is. very severely felt. The rain, to save the crops now, will require to be very copious, as every thing is almost parched up. 