ADELAIDE. Thursday. Jan 8 th. The official telegrams referring to the proposed Sydney Tariff Conference publish only the con sent of the New South Waks and South Austra lian Governments, no answers having been re caived from Queensland or Tasmania. ? The time appointed for the meeting of the delegates is Wed nesday the 21«t. of January, 1863. Thc'Cbief Secretary of New South Wales speaking of the Victorian Government says that it would seem as if the ministry were desirous of putting off the "Conference altogether for that no time of meeting seems to suit there convenience whether there Parliament is sitting or not. The proposed consolidation of our statutes will necessitate tlic Creation of a new office whose duty it wi;l be t^ prepare all bills and who will be titled the permanent parliamentary drafts man. , / The River steSmer. Stnrt, has been purchased by captain Kloch, for the New Zealand river trade, for which pnrpose she is well adapted. : The RepcUUr lids another article in to-day's issue on Duffy's Land Act. in which it says that any attempt to; interfere with capitalists in the in vestment in a land in rising colony will fail, as it certainly deserve* to do; and altogether the Act is a serious Minisierisl'blunder. The usual actirity to obtain the first intelligence of the arrival of the English mail is quite appa rent, from the fact that three boats, with their crews, have already taken up their stations at Glenelg waiting the first signal of her appearance, when a hard contest is expected, each of the boats being well manned. Fisher's Murtko run, on the Murray, is adver tised for sale by auction. Fearful bushfires on the hills surrounding the city have been observed since yesterday, and they appear to increase rapidly. The heat is intense, the thermometer yesterday standing 148 in the sun, and in the shade 102. The wheat markets are a little brisker, and there is a good demand at 4s. 3d. for forward deli very. . - Flour.remains firm ; '300 tons were sold to-day at £10 15s. ORANGE. / Thursday, 8th January. A 'serious riot has occurred here, which at one time threatened to end in the shedding of blood. 