BUSH FIRES. Frightful Bush-Fires at "Winohelsea. — On Wednesday last, frightful fires took placo in this district. Ono appears to havo originated in tho neighbourhood of Invcrloigh, as about twolve o'clock an immense body of smoko was seen in that direction. In lots than ono hour from what appeared to bo tho first outbreak, tho whole of tho greee upon tho Bnrwon Estate was completely destroyed. Crossing tho Colao road, about a milo from this place, tho fire reached tlio Lambing Hill Paddock. This paddock skirts tlio bueh or forest. It wns hero that tlio frightful grandeur of a bush fire was to bo Boon — the simple words biteli fires are far too inadequate to convey tbo meaning of such a wholcsa'o conflagration. With considerable difficulty rheep, cattle, and horeos wore saved. In this one instanco olono from seven to eight thousand nerei of good gross, tlio property of T. Maidment, Eeq., havo boon burnt. About half-past twelve, a monr. tod express reached the Barwon hotel, praying for immcdiato nssistnnoo at Murphy's farm ; immediately, nil hands that eeukl be Bparod from tlio township started as a volunteer fire brigade. Upon reaching the farm it was found that not only lilU UUU UUbUUUBCa uiivuiupcu 111 smoke, but tho v.liolo placo wa9 nearly encircled with long, yellow tongues of flamo. Bodding, clothing, and other portablo matters were being got ready to bo removed, when, fortunately, tbo fierce hot wind tlint blow for a short timo lulled. This enabled tbo brigado to partly Btcm back tbo fiery hurricane, and tho houso — and that nlono — was saved Tho flro now took nn eastorly dircotfon, burn ing up tho ' greater part ot a paddock, tho proporty of J. II. Hopkins, Esq. In its lee ward courso tliu fire was still moro destructive swallowiug up in its onward career whole farms. The following persons havo beon losers to n fearful extent! — Mr. Richard Plant, Mr. John Wood, Mr. Xiobort Simmons, Mr. Simmons, Mr.Stownit, Mr. Leek, and Mr. Mntbieaou. There aro also several others, tho names of whom aro not yot to hand. Tho persons aboyo mentioned aro simply hard workfog indust.ious farmers, and aro for the most part complololy burned out. Tne appenrnnco of tho couutry during tho wholo afternoon was Bolomnly grand — tlio lurid glare of flames that rccchcd tho topmast brandies of dricd-up trees wiro occasionally Been hissing forth in festooned fringes of yellow flame. Perhaps it is not too much to say that it forcibly reminded ono of that solemn scone of old, when "tho " plain and that which grow upon tho ground" was dostroyed, "and the smoko of tho country went up as the suioko of a furnaco. Upon the same day ano iior flro broko out upon tho Frenchman's plains ; this in its downward courso completely destroyed many thousands of acres. Charles ilonlc, Esq., Birregurra, is a loser to a most serious extent. Tlio greator part of tho Birregurra Farmers' Common is also destroyed. Tito miles of. stono walling now being put up by G. Aitkon, Esq., Mr. Hesso probably saved that run from destruc tion. A black charred patch of about a thousand acres is vieiblo near Leko Mur- deduko, tbo property of A. Hopkins, Esq. It is much to be l'earcd that Ino first flro alluded to originated in tho careless lighting of a pipo at a farm nonr Invorleigb. Wo hopo that tho authorities in that quarter will thoroughly investigate so serious a matter. — Correspondent Qcelong Advertiser, 3rd Jan. Oeeswiok Cemetery on Fire.— Wednes day last was ono of tlio hottest daya wo have had for sometime, the thermometer showing upwards of 100 degrees in tho . shade. Thick clouds of dust wore flying about in our streets, making walking rather unpleasant. In tho afternoon, tho news spread that tlio Comc- tery was on fire, a report which proved to bo correct. Mr. Wliito, tlio sexton, at about two p.m., noticed tho grass on fire, which, whilst a iiorco north wind blow high, communicated to the trees. Ho at onco with liis family began to bcot tho flames back, and with tho assist- nnco of McEBrs. Lowers, Lees, Carpenter, Burton, and others who, in the meantime with several minors from tlio Red Stronk J1UIA UIAA1UVA VIA IIIU OJJVl') BUt.Ll.UUCU Ail OUU" duing the running (ire and saving tho lodge which, for several hours wns so much in danger, that Mr. Whito had collected tlio furniture, etc., for removnl. A fe-w members of tho firo brigade, Missrs. Williams, Ziolo, Armytage, and othors," although not in uni form, lent also a helping hand. Mr. Williams very promptly sent n en t full of water ; Mr. Lowers liberally r. wa-ilexl t''o Red Streak mirficrs with L5. Seine valuable plants from tho Botanical Gardens wero burnt ; tho wooden crosses on the tombs were saved. In conecqucnco of tbo fire, a funeral of Dr. Daniel's child, which was to have taken placo at two had to bo postponed till firo p.m. When our reporter nt eight p.m. visited tho Bpot, ho stilt found several trees insido the Cemetery burning, ell tbo grass was singed, presenting n dreary appearance, only relieved by tlio white gravel walks. Tho bush fi-o outsido tbo come- tory extended over a mile or two towards Eagloliawk Gully, and during the night looked mojeetic. It is stated tli.it some Italians in tlio neighbourhood, through tho conflagra tion lost from 150 to 200 cords of fire wood, to tho viiluo of L100. Tho comotory fonco consisting of closo palings, lies partially suffered. A traveller who arrived hero on Wednesday, reported tlint there wero buah fires from Meredith to Bullnorat, an ex- tent of twonty-six miles. — Crsswick Advertiser, 2od Jan. Oastlkmaine.— Early yesterdny morning, tho well-known Mount Alexander hostelry, at Ohowton, waB nearly totally destroyed by firo. Tho origin of tho disaster is a mystery, but bo far as we havo been ablo to oseertnin, tho fol lowing nro tho particulars connoetcd with tho outbreak of the llantos. Abot t hulf-past ono a.m., a party of Germans, who hurl been spending tho evening et the Crcmorne Gardens, wero returning homowurds slang tho main road. Seeing a light in tho bar-room of the hotel, tlicy knocked at tho door, with tho viow of obtain ing entrance. No one, howover, answered to their demand for ndmission, and their attention wns arrested by a crackling inside, that plainly indicated tbo place wns on fire. They accord ingly burst open tho door, ana discovered that tho woodwork under tho counter wes alight. At this time, it was snid, the 11 imcs could havo bcon easily extinguished, but either from want of water, or from losing their presonco of mind, tho Germans, instead of endeavouring to stop tho progress of tlio fire, ran out into tho Btreot and gave tbo alarm. The opportunity for averting moro serious calamity being lost, the interior of tho building soon ignited in ovory part, and in a very short period tho flames burst out liko a volcano from tlio roof. An attempt wns mndo by some of tbo specta tors to eavo a portion of tho furniture, but with' tho exception of a few chairs nnd tables, it was wholly consumed. Tito fire, in the meanwhile, extended to tlio ball room, which, though adjoining tlio hotel, was distinct from it. Tlio thickness of tlio party wall saved tho room from sharing tlio same fato ns tho hotel, for tho efforts of tho bystanders wore successful in preventing tl-o flames from catohing . tho scenery end fittings. In tlio meanwhile, tho premises of Mr. Furkin, next door, were in imminent danger; for, boing entirely of wood, nothing could havo savod them from destruction, iiud tlixy onco token fire.- Mr. Parkin, ond sotr oof the neigh bours, displayed groat activity in covering his roof with wet blanket', nud this precaution ' proved so successful that his store did not rc- coivo tho least injury. The want of water and - a fire-engine nt Chewton were never to strongly exemplified ns on this occasion. With tbo oxcoption of a water cart, that wns fortunately . standing loaded in tlio buck yard of the hotel, thcro wero no moans at band for arresting tho progress of the flames, nnd if tlio night had not been remarkably calm, it is impossible to Fay bow many stores nnd houses might havo been burnt. .. In nbout nn hour and a half after tho commencement of tho fire, tlio hotel was completely gutlod, — tho verandah, water trough, and every wooden nppurtcnanco of tbo ercclion, being converted into ashes. Tlio. only portions of tho promisos now standing uro the theatre nnd a stono \ kitchen in the rear, tlio latter being dctachod from tlio hotel. Yesterday, the window and door frames, which, ns well as the building itself, ware of an unusually solid character, wero still on fire, and it is supposed tlint when tlicy nro burnt through, tho walls, notwith standing their strength, wiil collapse, nnd tho wholo become a mass of ruins. Precautions should bo takon to keep tho public from run ning into danger, or it is voiy probable fatal accidents may ensuo. When tho firo broko out, it appears that Mr. Wallace, the landlord, and his housekeeper, wero taking a walk, ami only returned to find tlio place in a state of ignition from cellar to root. Tho barman, it is said, was taking his supper in tlio kitchen, and was quite unconscious that tho front was on fire, till informed of tlio fact by tho cries of thoso outside. In addition to tho furniture, tho stook, with tho cxccption,of a few barrels of ale in tlio cellar, was also lost. Tho house keeper is alleged to have had L300 worth of jewellery in her p03se3Bior, tho whole of which, with L70 iu cash belonging to tho landlord, was burnt. Mr. Parkin's loss wns limited to a few buckets and other minur articles, which wero either destroyed or carried off by tlio crowd. Soon after tbo breaking out of tlio flames, an express was sent to Castlemaino foe tlio engines, but neither amrcarcd on tho ground till they wore too Into to bo of nny use, cxcopt in playing on tho ashes. Mr. Wallaco's etock, etc., wns insured for L750, while ho estimates tho damago at L800. Tho policy of Mr. Cowper, tho owner of tho building, it is reported, expired a few days ago. — 21. A. Mail, 3rd Januarv. Great Bush Fire at Smeaton. — A corre spondent of tho Crcswiek Advertiser writes : — " This district was visitod on Wednesday with tho most destructive firo which has yet beon seen, and although tho locale of its origin iB well known, tbo causo is, I believe, a matter of speculation at present. Mr. Minster has had Borne Btonebreakers appre hended on suspicion of causing It, but I liuvo not hoard what foundation lio lias for such beyond tbo fact that tlio men were in his pad dock breaking Btonc9 for tho rond contractors. Doubtleas there will bo n searching investiga tion into tbo cnuso.'nnd if it should turn out to bo no worse than culpable negligence, I do hopo tlint .'whoever may havo been tho causo may bo taught to know that tlio Act against tho carolcas use of firo has not becomo a dead letter. I believe it was about twelvo o'clock at noon when the firo wns first discovered in tlio paddock of Mr. Minster, opposite tho Tlirco Osetlcs hotel, nnd in a short timo about twenty acres of his crop wero destroyod. Tlioneo it attacked the crop of Mr. M'Coll, and as quickly annihilated about tbirly-flvo acres. Tho next farm of Mr. Curtin fared rather belter, as although tho owner was from homo, and I believe, at tho same time, protecting liis twonty-ncro allot ment on tho plains from a similar visitation, his labourers wero nt dinner, and of course, aB soon as tho danger was known, nttomptcd to slay its progress, while in tho mcantima Mrs. Curtin lmd obtained the assistance of tbo mon from - Messrs. Dunn's farm nnd llioir unitod efforts lmd tlio effect of confining it to about nine acres of crop. Boyond tht3 it assumed moro giganlio proportions and attacking Mr. Mark Rider's farm from various points entirely ccnsumcd tho whole of liis produce, both in tho field and in stock, with tho exception of about tlirco ocres, having consumed tlio produco of 97 out of 100 acres. Mr. Mofihtt ndjoining lias been nearly as great a sufferer, having lost about seventy acres of crop. I am glad to eay that hero tbo firo was stayed from doing further damage, but not without immense exertion on tho part of the men who were employed in great numbers ou theso and the ndjoining farms, as the firo several Limes crossed tho road and imperilled the farms of Mr. M' Andrew nnd Mr. Ritchie, nnd ultimately appeared to havo tnkon possession of Mr. Mutlier's. A quantity of dead timber which was on tho ground, giving it a position from whicli it could not be driven ; but fortunately there was a large patch of poas close adjoining which were not in a stato lor combustion, nnd tho firo having beon subdued on tbo other side, all fears wero allayed for tlio safety of the crop. Wliilo the nboio wns burning, the plains towards Oluncs and Glengower wero also on fire, and u large breadth of gross was con sumed, but tho immenso body of smoko from . tho various fires rendorod it at tho timo impossible to sco to any great extent ; when it cleared away it wns evident that tbo firo had spread very rapidly, as tho wholo of tho Raid nills in that direction was burnt, and now present tlio npprnrnnco of charred heaps, but I hope ready, on the first occasion of rain, to put forth an herbage invigorated by tho devastating element which now appears to have destroyod it, I cannot closo this notice without expressing an opinion that in an agricultural district liko this, tho . agriculturalists might, with no great difficulty, organiso among themselves a system of insur ance on tbo samo principle as a friendly society, so that when such u calamity did heful a.ny of its members, tlioy might not bo loft entirely destituto, or have to bear all the loss occasioned by tlio negligence or want of caution of othors. After tho above was in type, wo received a letter from another correspondent, mostly con firming tho foregoing statement. Tho firo is supposed to havo originutcd through tho three Btonobronkcrs having boon boiling their " billy," nnd tbo sparks having blown into tho groin nnd ignited it. Tlio loss of Mr. Moffatt, . a fonant of Mr. John Mather, is estimated at 100 acres portly reaped. Mr. Ridor'o wns clso partly reaped." 