MOUJST PLRASAiNf. [From our own Corresnondent. I Mount Pleasant Annl IS. On Thursday morning a considerable amount of haze lying about the township made me for a wlu'le apprehensive that a bush-tire was close upon us. but 1 soon discovered that it-was' merely an ob scUration which we hope will prove permanent, viz,, the smoke arising from the Mount Pleasant or rather the Totness Mill, where steam was beim; got up preparatory to the pulilic opening which was to take place that day. The occasion was looked forward to with a great deal of interest, since it was universally felt that a work of great utility and convenience was about to be inaugu rated, and it was hoped that additional employ ment for labour and increased prosperity to the township would be the result. About 2 o'clock a large number of the principal settlers round Mount Pleasant and the Rhine began to assemble in the mill, which was soon quite crowded with visitors, to most of whom the affair of the opening was not merely a matter of curiosity but of real serious importance. As many as couM get in pressed into the engine-room, where the engine was started by Mr. Godlee, who has superintended its erection, and a Iwttle of wine having been broken upon it by Mr. Phillis, sen., it was set a going on its useful and I hope continuous work, amidst the cheers of the company, under the rather singular name of ' Old Ned.' After the conclusion of the proceedings the visitors employed themselves for some time in examining the several paits of the mill, and the process of grinding, &c;, the moving machinery appearing to possess great interest for the youngsters. I observed that not only the shafts of the worm and dresser hut the worm itself is composed of wood, and that the rake-cqoler is constructed on an American principle which is, I believe, a novelty in this colony. In the evening the affair was wound up by a dinner of the most ample and varied description, given by the proprietor, Mr. Giles, to his numerous friends and well-wishers in the undertaking. It was held, for convenience sake, in the new room of the Totness Hotel, where upwards of fifty guests were hospitably entertained. Mr. Melrose, J. P., occupied the chair, Mr. Forrest the vice-chair; and after the usual formal toasts hud been disposed of and duly honoured, the Vice-Chairman proposed the 'combined interests of the colony,' which he said were too numerous to mention in detail, and he would confine himself to that in which he and most of the company were chiefly concerned, and. on which many other interests- depended-namely the agricultural. This, he was sorry to say, was in a sinking condition, owing not only to bad crops and trad roads but to low prices, for which there seemed to be no remedy; although some advan tage might perhaps lie looked for in the partisd substitution of sheep for wheat-growing. Many farmers, indeed, were men unsuited for the occupation, and started without sufficient capital. The storekeepers gave long credit too easily, and the result was ruin to bath parties. Still, bad as times were, an honest ami industrious man coalil make a living, but without industry nothing coul 1 be done. Song. Mr. Maitlaud— ? Willie Brew'd a Peck o'-Maut.' Mr. S. Kandallrcspjndedforthe manufacturing interests of the colonv, especially that branch of manufacture with which that day's proceedings ware connected. He hoped tho time was coming when articles of home production would bis greater in variety an-1 amount than at present The colony seamed particularly adapted for the production of wine; cotton could probably be grown. The spinning and weaving of wool was talked of, and we might thus easily be indepen dent of several imported articles, and keep a lame amount of money in the colony; Sona, Mr. Daniel— 'The Englishman.' The Chairimn pro posed the 'Health of Mr. Giles, and success to the undertaking,' He had great pleasure in wit nessing the progress of the work which had that day been brought to a successful issue, it hud been long wanted. He Imd loiig wished to see it done, but no one else had the spirit ami enter prise for such an undertaking but Mr. Giles, who had punctually performed his promises to the neishlwurlioixl, and got it finished by the time he first named, in spite of the dilficu. ties ami delays incidental to an extensive work of that description. They had not only seen wheat gmund fwr the first time in Mount Pleasant, but li.i'l now the use -'_f a steam flour-mill of the very l«-st description, which would answer all the wants of the neighhi-ur!ioo-l. The buildiiiif reflected great credit upon the work men, but the district was still more indebted to the manner in which the work had been undertaken and carried through by Mr. Giles. Son jr. 'He's a jolly good fcllo.v.' Mr. Giles briefly responded. He would be brief because he would almost rather undertake the building of another null than be called on to respond at all; but he sincerely thanked them for the hearty manner in which they h.%d drunk his health, anil hoped that while the mill remained in his own hands he would be found to act as manager to the satisfaction of the public. Song, Dr. Vonnida, 'I have he ml the Mavis Sinsing.' 'The Engineer and Workmen' was then given by Mr. KoberU, who said tint the Chairman had just anticipated him in some of his remarks, and he would simply say thateyery work man in h's place appeared to have done his part in a satisfactory manner, and that they had acquitted themselves like men. He only hoped they might be lucky enough for the future to have as good jobs, and to find so just and liberal an employer. Song, Mr. James. Mr. Hick, as the mason em ployed, in responding gave some explanation as to the chimney, whicii, he said, certainly looked too low in comparison with the rest of the building, and which he considered to be still in an unfinished Condition, and to require raising 14 feet. Song, Mr. Cockhill. ' The Town and Trade of Mount Pleasant' was then given by the Kev. J. A. Boake. He was happy to see the township improving as itcertainly was, but it was desirable both to secure and extend its progress. It depended on agriculture, and although the neighbouring farmers were chiefly freeholders, and therefore independent they must expect their property to deteriorate if they pursued their present system of continuous wheat-growing and stubble- burning on the same land. As to the im provement of the township, it seemed that a new Court- House was about to be erected at Gumeracha, but he thought they might be content with the old one, and that the money would be better laid out in the increasine neighbourhood of Mount Pleasant Gumeracha was too far off. An Institute was also badly wanted. The world was advancing around them, and many young men were growing up in a state of ignorance, of which they would hereafter be ashamed. The way to give them a taste for reading was to provide some thing for them to read. The host of periodicals now so widely circulated were all the growth of the last 30 years, and began with the Penny Magazine. That literature had created readers, and the readers had 'called forth fresh literature, till the education of the whole English-speaking world had been elevated. The Illustrated Newt was in itself a great popular educator. Duet, piano and violin— Messrs. Daniel and Yonnida. Mr. Daniel in responding to the last toast, expressed his feeling that the proceedings of that day would have a permanent influence on the prosperity of the township; but a near market for the wheat was still wanted, and he hoped that that would soon be found by the opening of a direct road to the Murray. Song, Air. Kllis, Bed, White and Blue.' The health of Mrs. Giles to whose hospitable exertions the company had been so much indebted, having been given by Air. Phillis, it was followed bv a song 'from Mr. Maitland, ' Robbie Thomson's Smithy.' 'The Poachers' was sung by Mr. James,-and various other songs and recitations, as well aa instrumental music, were given. The party universally con fessed it to have l«en the best conducted affair ol the sort that has ever been given in Mount Pleasant ? 