MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. THE VICTORIAN LAND SYSTEM AND IMMIGRATION -The 38th, or immigration clause of the Land Act, provides that a fourth of the entire land revenue of the colony shall be annually appropriated for the introduction of immigrants, and one of the first < measures wiricb will be submitted to Parliament on < ita reassembling, will be a Bill for die administration i of the fond. The views it embodies are somewhat ( novel, we believe, as regards the constitution of the ] body to idiom the administration of the fund is to be i entrusted. At present, this duty—so far as relates , to free immigration—is performed by Her Majesty" c < Commissioners of Emigration. We have had little i to complain of as to the manner in which the trust has been fulfilled, bat as the Commissioners act for f the whole of the British colonies, it is not to be sup- ( posed that the interests of Victoria have received i greater consideration from them than those of Canada, < Queensland, Vancouver's Island, or any other of the j widely-scattered settlements oier which Hijr Majesty's ( sway extends. It wQI be proposed, therefore, to j transfer the representation of the colony, as regards j emigration, from the Commissioners to a Committee < composed of colonists now resident in England, i whose acquaintance with Victoria and its require- < menta wSU entitle them to be regarded as represents- E tive men. The responsible /clerical duties of the t commission will be discharged by a paid agent, t appointed by the Government, who ~will be assisted | in the selection and approval of emigrants by sub- s agents in some of (be principal ports. As the 38th 6 clause of the Land Act provides that the basis of , nationality shall be observed in the grants for assisted { immiprAtjrtn .^urtn/r the first nine months of the year, c it is probable the Commissioner of Customs will i adhere to the plan he sketched to the Assembly some c time ago, and that the 6ob-agenia will be stationed at t London, Liverpool, Dublin, and Glasgow respec tively. As the oiirtjTig system has so far worked well, we shall expect to see its leading features pre served ; but as the fund to be expended is likely to ] be large- that for 1863 exceeding £200,000—there is no reason why the sums now paid by persons who nominate their relatives for passage-warrants should not be fixed by the new Bill as the m?.Timnm sum to be paid in such cases, leaving it open to the Governor in Council to relax the restrictions when the nomi- 1 nation system falls short of the requirements of the ( colony, and the accumulation of funds enables the ' Committee to deal liberally with persons desiring to ' emigrate, and whom they may consider specially ' suited to the needs of the colony. Another wise and * liberal provision of the existing regulations will no ' doubt be maintained. Large as the introduction of ' single females has been, experience proves that the j demand for competent domestics is far from being ' satisfied, while a wide disparity still exists between ' the numbers of the two sexes in the colony. Free ' female immigration will still be continued, and the j constitution of the Committee will go tar to assure us ' that hereafter we are likely to receive a class of female ' immigrants at least sot less carefully selected than ? those sent out by Her Majesey's Commissioners.— Argu*. ' Mb. T. P. Hill.—A valedictory entertainment , given to Mr. T. P. HOI by a number of his pupils upon the occasion of his departure for Sydney, took , place at St. George's HalL Mr. HOI has been long , known in Melbourne as a teacher of elocution. The , feet of such an entertainment being given speaks sufficiently for the position ha occupies in the esti mation of his pupils, and the well-filLed hall told its own tale of the favorable opinion entertained of his labours by the public. The evening' 9 programme was selected with a view of showing the advantage the pupils had derived from their elocutionary training, by displaying their proficiency both in colo qoial and set discourses, and in humorous and pathetic scenes. As specimens of declamation, the recitation of Macaulay's " Death of Virginia," by Master AM"", and a scene from " CorioUums," by Messrs. P. Matoney and M. Maloney, may be men tioned ; th? delivery of the speakers being unaffected and impre?sive. Messre. Atkinson, Harrison, and Quirk, also, in their rendering of the scene between the two Welters, "Misadventures at Margate," &c;, displayed equal ability in a more familim- dags o f pieces. The entertainment, indeed, passed off very successfully, the efforts of the pupils Being met -with repeated applause. At its conclusion Mr. Hill came forward and thanked his friends for the support they had accorded him during his long residence in Victoria. He took the opportunity, also, of answering an objection which had been taken to his system—that it must tend to make the lads apt to bo stage-struck and pedantic His 20 years' experience as a teacher, he said, totally disproved this assertion; not one of the many hundred pupils he had trained erer exhibited a passion for tbe elage, though several of them manifested a marked degree of histrionic ability. The characteristics of the lads who had done best in his hands—as he called upon the principals of the Scotch and Eaman Catholic Colleges, and the other Urge educational establish ments he had been connected with, to prove—were their general ability and modesty of behaviour. From this brief narrative it will be seen that the farewell paid to Mr. HOI was of a most cordial nature.— Argtu. Bctsh Ikckndubies.—When a reckless miscrean sets a house on fire, he is sent to prison like a felon as he deserves j bat the case seems to be different when he flings a light into the long dry grass, and pats ft whole country side into a state of conflagra tion. A"d yet of the two the bush-fire raiser is even more criminal than he who limit 9 his incendiarism to some wretched weatherboard cottage—for a town fire may be put out, after more or less damage is done t but the fire that rolls along in a tide of flame, over hundreds of thousands of acres, is arrested only by burning itself out, after spreading desolation, lost, and consternation in its terribly destructive track ( and the mischief so occasioned is irreparable. The labor of years, and the careful thrift of a whole| life, are undone in a few minutes, and there is j nothing to console the unhappy sufferers in the shape of compensation from assnranee com panies. Besides, the loss to tbe community is very great. The destruction of grain and other farm produce is a loss which no amount of extra labor can make op until the season comes round again. A building may be quicky restored by the employment of many workmen at once, but the agriculturist is possessed of no parallel resource; so that, supposing 'i a catastrophe of this kind to be universal, tbe human t nee must perjeb for lack of ?Mtenaace—J&?o?r?e i Bmtii, -?????? 