ARRIVAL OF THE ESSEX AND BLUE JACKET. The new clipper ship Essex, of Messrs. Money Wigram and Son's line. Captain J. S. Atwood, arrived in Hobson's Bay yester- day forenoon, on her first voyage from Eng- land. She sailed from Plymouth on the 30th of October. Her dates, therefore, and three days' later than those by the last mail, though not so late as the news then received by tele- gram, via Suez and Jubal. The only news- paper brought by the Essex is The Times of the 29th October, from which we make tw0 following extracts :- AMERICA. NEW York, Oct. 18, 2.30 p.m. The rapid rise in the premium on gold has created uneasiness in commercial and financial as well on in political circles. There has been a fall of five per cent, since Wednesday, when the price stood at thirty-seven and a half per cent., but the general impression is that the fall will not be maintained, and that the higher rate will be speedily reached and surpassed. A deputation of merchants and bankers is preparing to visit Washington for consultation on the subjetc with Mr. Secre- tary Chase. The published reports of the capture and destruction of American merchant vessels excited much alarm. The rate of insurance on all American ships has advanced five per cent. A portion of the army of General McClellan's has advanced from Centreville to Charleston, in Virginia. A general movement of the Federal force into the Valley of the Shenan- doah is anticipated. General Stuart and his cavalry are reported to be at Lecsburg. The Confederates are in force at Bunkcr's Hill, and a great battle is considered immi- nent. Oct. 17. EVENING. A Federal foraging expedition has been sent up the Mississippi on transports. The expedition captured a quantity of cattle, but eighteen men were killed on board the trans- ports by the Confederate batteries erected on the levies. General Butler has left New Orleans to in- spect the condition of affairs at Pensacola. The Federal steamer Mahaska was fired at off Wilmington, North Carolina. Two men were killed and seven wounded. The Irish residents of Luzerne County, in the mining districts of Pennsylvania, endea- voured to resist the draught. The military were called out, and fired upon the insurgents, killing four or five. Further opposition ceased. A public meeting will bo held at Now York for the adoption of measures to check pri- vateering. The Federal sloop of war Ticonderoga has been successfully launched at Brooklyn. OCT. 20. EVENING. All the reconnoitering parties from General McClellan's army have now returned to Har per's Ferry, where the Federal head-quarters are established. The reconnaissance showed that the Confederates were massed in heavy force between Charleston and Martinsburg. Rumours are current, but are not generally credited, that the Federal army will go into winter quarters. The Confederates, with 1,500 mon, dashed into Lexington, Kentucky, on the 18th, cap- turing the town and 100 prisoners. General Morgan afterwards evacuated Lex- ington, and met the Federal forces, under General Dumont, between Versailles and Frankfort. It is reported that after a short engagement, General Morgan's forces were routed and scattered. Doubtful reports have been received of an apprehended negro insurrection in Culpepper County, Virginia. Seventeen free negroes, in whose possession Mr. Lincoln's proclama- tion was found, are reported to have been hung. The captures effected by the steamer Ala bama have injuriously affected the freights for American shipping. OCT. 21. EVENING. The Federal General, Dumont, is closely pur- suing the Confederate General Morgan since his evacuation of Lexington, Kentucky. Morgan has captured a train of eighty Federal waggons near Bardstown. The Southern accounts of the battle at Perrysville, Kentucky, differ from the Nor thern reports, in claiming the victory, and the capture of 9,000 Federal prisoners during the battle. It is reported that General McClellan's army is unable to advance on account of short sup plies of clothing and shoes for the troops. The New York Chamber of Commerce has passed resolutions stating that the destruction of the ship Brilliant by the Confederate steamer Alabama is a crime against humanity. The Chamber of Commerce has not failed to notice the change in British sentiments, trans forming a friendly nation into a power the nature of whose neutrality is shown by its permitting ships to go forth, and armaments to follow them, for the work of plundering and destroying American vessels, thus encouraging upon the high seas an offence against neutral rights, upon the plea of which, in the case of the Trent, England threatened to plunge the American Government into war. The Chamber has heard with amazement that other vessels are fitting out in British ports to continue the work of destruction begun by the Alabama. It is the duty of the Chamber of Commerce to warn British merchants that a repetition of such acts as burning the Brilliant by vessels fitted out in England, and manned by British sea men, cannot fail to produce wide-spread exas- peration in America. The Chamber, there fore, invokes the influence of all men who value peace and goodwill among all nations to prevent the departure of other vessels of the same character from their ports, and thus avoid the calamity of war. The resolutions close by declaring that it is the desire and interest of Americans to cherish and main- tain sentiments of amity with England. Copies of the resolutions aro to be forward« i to tho Board of Tindo in London. ; NEW Yonic. IGTU. Tho steamer Potomno reports that t' |10 Honnoko had arrived out. Our gunboats h ari captured 1,500 head of cattlo near Donnldsi >n_ ville, LouiBiaun, and wero convoying tro ns Eorts with them down tho river, when a r JD0i attcry openod on them, One of tho f ;"lm. boats drove the rebels away, hut not t tiifcil Lieutenant Lindsay, of the gunboat Of Colu, was killed, and several wounded. Tho body of Lieutenant Lindsay was brought he j-o on board tho Potomac. Underwriters have advanced the wr a- r¡8ic for vessels sailing in tho track of the Al ubnma to five pot cent. Tho ship Brilliant, 0f JJOW York, bound from Now York for Lorn) on wa8 capturodnndburntonthcSOthtofSepte mber in lat. "lOdcg., long. GOdcg., by tho pir .itu Ala- bama, Tho ship Emily Farnham. < ¿f Ports- mouth, New Hampshire, from Now, Y01]t for » Livorpool, was captured at the same time, but released, it having been proved by f lociunonts on boaid that her cargo was on J inglfsh ac- count. Captain Unger and ciew. of tho ship Brilliant, arrived hero in tho 1 ,rlg Qolden Hoad, in which also arrived the c aptains and crowsofthowhnlinghiirnucsVirsi niannd Eliza Dunbar, of Now Bedford, Masssw husotts, cap- tured by tlio Alabama. Capta in Hngor ro jiortB that another ttlupvwas.hair ight «lion tho Brilliant was burning,, maka' Qg up towards hor, probably with a hopo of f ¡avlng life, uud, , as another light was Beean* «night, ft Upro 1 mimed that she WOSUIBO bmr nt. Tho Oolden Hoad only lost eight of tho < row of the ships ; I the rast, sixty in numb« -, would bo put nboord of other rassois, fal len in with by tho Emily Farnham. The folio,wing is an account of tho VCBSÛIK destroyed by the " 290 "- Ships Brilliant and Ocmuhreo; brig Tucker ; barques Virginia and Eliza Dunbar, and brig Allanah ; schooner» Courser, Wentli« r-gaugo, and Starlight; and a ship unknown. 101 prisoners were- landod on the Island 0f Floics. »OÜTC.N, lum. A largo crowd ¡s m attendance «t Faneuil hall to-day, to witness the procew of draught- ing. Tho proceedings aro u'ttendwl with ontir« good naturo. on the iw.it of the au dicuco WAH'.UNflloK, IOTII. - Genoral Fremont expect;! soon to bo In Washington, preliminary to his assignment to nu important couiiu'nud in the South West. CHAIUBSTU-K, ViituiNiA, 10m, 8 v.u. douerai Lee U at Winchester wjth a largo foreo, and Gonovn'i Jackson at Hunker's Hill 1 with another largo force. Stuait's cavalry is I on the Hhonani'.oali. A large rebel forte Is at , I Leestown, sin miles a«ay. Our forces aro de ? ployed out. Jefferson Davis has '.hsucd a pro I claintition that alt Union otficor'.j captured, anti ktld shall bo nut to hard labour if Lincoln** jTioctamationbe carried out. «j. pREnEiuoK, 16TH, MiDNiorrr. -tinter advices from Shcphaidstown ropo.-i flint the reconnoitering party under Gonoril Humphreys, which crossed'the Potomac thU morning, weio met near Shephardstown by .1 xebîl force, which opened upon them an artil- lery fire. As our foiccs had no artillery with. them, they returned across the river, bavin; swcomplishedthoobjectof the îeconnoissano, and Ascertained that the îobols were still ii. horne force at that point. * LOUISVILLE, IGTII. , i îOfficial despatches weie received hero fro ii nashville to-day. The lebcls were in lar^a force near that city. On the 11th, they sent t fine of truce, demanding tho surrender of tin city by Gonoral Negley. The Federal forcj was ampio enough for its defence. , '. '> CAIRO, 16TH. \-- The rebels are still at work up the Ohio. They took fifteen negroes fiom the steamar Cordelia yesterday, abovo Smithland. Tin rebels encamped on Tuesday night, .four milo* from Casoyville. Colonel Whitney's regiment, urara Shawnce, Tennessee, started in pursuit of them yesterday. Tho steamer 'Exchan^s fÜBO landed 600 infantry mid two pieces of artillery above Caseyville on Tuesday. They fcre «Iso pursuing thom. An arrival fronx Helena says, last Satuiday a battalion of tin 2nd Wisconsin Cavalry went out on tho St. J francis road to La Orango, whore they wore attacked by the 27 th Texas Rangers, an i diÎTcn back ten miles, when the 1st Missouri Carne to tholr assistance, Twelve rebels wera captured, including a lieutenant colonel. The health of tho troops is impioving. ' BEAD-QUARTERS OF TnE ARMY OP THE POTOMAO. I, i OCT. 16, S.M'. 4n important reeonnoissauce was mado to-, day "by a portion of the army of the PotomaV in direction of Winchester The divisiou of General Hancock and Gonoral Richardson. left,Harpor's Ferry at an early hour thU morning. On the road to Charleston, throj miles tfrom Bolivar, they came upon tin «memy/a íoutor pickets, who retired undoc cover. Tho troops advanced to within half a mile,of. Charleston, whon thoy formed in linn of buttle, with dismounted skitraishers thrown to the front, and having no infantry. Thoy coveiud the approach of Chaileston by two pieces of aitillery on the left, and three on the right of the turnpike, with the VÍQW of dis- puting our occupation of the town. A battery was won brought into position, and opona L with shell and solid shot, which was promptly replied to by the rebels. The engagement, which. was carried on' wholly by the ar-, tillery,.lasted two hours, when the rebolí fall back to the hills beyond the town. Ouc loss was one man killed mid eight woundol. Captain Smith, of the Richmond Artillery, and. eight mon, woro wounded and taken prisoners, which is tho only loss they aie known to havo . sustained. The troops under General Hau cock entered Chaileston about twelve o'clook, and fceonniod it, the enemy leaving in oar lmnd"ovui 100 soldiers, who weio woundod at the battle of Antietam. At four o'clook tho infantry were formed into ¡ino of battle on tin right and loft of .the road leading to Bunkor's Hül, whon they advanced, driving the onemy from tho hills, and, at dark, occupied a por- tion two miles below the town. Information obtained to-day shows that tho main body of tim rebel army occupies a position extenuins; fromRunker'slIillto the Shenandoah. Gonoral M*Clcllau arrived at Charleston at two o'clock, where ho remained during the night." MEXICO. ) ' MADKID, OCT. 27. The Epoca of to-day publishes news from Mexico to tho 14th, stating that President Juarez had taken possession of the church property, and forbidden tho priests to woar uncen] o tal robes. The Mexicans wero foitifying Puebla. < " NEW YORK, 17TU. " Tho French steam ftigato Massena, now in tliis poit. brings advices from Mexico ta the 26th ult. General L. Foiey arrived at Vera Cruz on the 22nd. It js undorstool that, in addition to his military command, the general is intrusted with a diplomad'; command superior to that of Saligny, who, is I suspected of being mixed up too much with Mexican politics. No fighting had takou place, with tho exception of a few guerilla t-kinnishes. j \- , GREECE. '' ' ' PARIS, OCT. 28. La i'rance of this evening states that it Turkish naval division lias received ordors to proceed to tho Gulf of Arta, to watch tin» jiiovcihc'nts of the Gieok insurgents at Vonitza. , ? , ITALY. THE nBALTU Ol' GARIBALDI. i SPEZIA, OOT. 28. Dr. Nelaton has approved the courso of treatment followed with Garibaldi. Hocoa BidurB .amputation unnecessary, and is con- fident of his recovory. Tho general medical consultation mil take placo to-morrow. CANADA. Governor-General Lord Monck had boon ii-ceivcd with the utmost enthusiasm by tho people iof Upper Canada, ' At Riviere du Loup, l'lslet, and Fathor Point, laigo quantities of snow fell on the ltth October. . FRANCE AN» ROME. 1 PARIS, TUCBDAY, OOT¡ 28. Astatomont appeared a tovr days back in »orne of tho Italian and French papers, that M. Drouyn do Lhuys, the now Minister of Foreign. Affairs, intends calling upon tin .Italian Government to proposo tho roscindiuj of tho 'voto of tho Chambor which claiim Itoino ria tho capital of tho kingdom of Italy. M. Drouyn do Lhuys has had no intention of making any such pioposal to the Turin Cabinet.' Wo shall witness for the present a French material chango in the policy of tho Government as ícgaids Romo, and as for the withdrawing the anny, it is out of tin question. The reasons for occupying Roma which existed in 1S19, and which M. Dionyn do Lhuys wcut to London to lny boto Lord Palmerston and Lord Lansdowne, who JIB the organ of tho Government in the lions.) of Lords gave the explanation asked for by J^ord Brougham, aro much the samo as now idlcccd % this Govoinment at tho piesotit day. Tho Emperor declared, in his colobrat jil letter to Victor Etnmanuol, that tho Fronoli ! anny should remain at Homo so long as tliorj ¡ was any danger of tho Papal territory boin? invaded "by regulärer Irregular troops," hy ' the free laucos of Garibaldi or tho nrmy of . VictorEmmanuel; and to all demands lion ! Turin the same answer is stiU given. Tin ' Umperov'ü attention is still directed to- wards ollecting a reconciliation between Roun and Turin, and, though tho task appoaM hopeless, with the non possumus of tlia j Vatican on one hand, and tho cry for Ron« | IIB tho new capital on the other hand, it would scorn that he docs not despair ol'suecos3. He says that Catholic Franco cannot ho ov pcetca to treat the Sovereign Pontiff with le33 ' consideration than tho great Powors treat tho Sultan in what regards concessions to hU hiihjccts. or the suricndorof his territory; and that if sho bo expected to press upon the Holy Father tho recognition of tho actual stato of things, Piedmont must give solid guarantoo» that lie shall not bo disturbed in his prcsont possessions. This is tho basis on .which th J negotiations at Turin, with a view to recon- ciling tho Popo and tho iKing, aro conductod, and this Is, in fact, tho polioy of tho Fronoli Government. In tho meantime, the Fronoli army will continue to occupy Rome. ' GREECE. It is now certain that tho King and Qucoii ofGrccco havo finally retired from tholr latj dominions. Thoy arrived at Corfu a day or two sluoo, and thon proceeded to Venice, whence thoy will, probably, take tho road tj Munich. Tho revolution may, therefore, bj looked upon as completo so far as regards tho I destruction of tho King's Govornmont. Tin , leaders of tho insurrection seem to lmv'J i chosen thoir timo well, if it bo truo that Otho and his Queen left Athens ou a plea- sure trip without any suspicion of what was being prepared. Tho uprising lu tin . western cities was duly ratified by tho form i- ¡ tion of a Provisional Government at Atlions, ' anil tho deposition not only of tho King, but of tho hoir on whom tho crown devolved after hia flight or abdication. There doos not neem to have becu any defence of his right) by tlioeo whom hu left In chnrgo of affairs. Ministers, generals, anny, police-all wel- comed or acquiesced In tho change. Not oven the unhappy King of Naples was moro com- pletely abandoned by his friends and do pendants. Politicians who havo boon ia power under Otho up to avery lato timo, uoiv tmpport tho Provisional Governmout, and the Bavarian dynasty has passed away as completely as tho power of the Romans or tin Turks. PROPOSED CAKADIAK Ion PALACE.-Mr. Has- sel, an architect who has boon engaged in similar undertakings in Russia, has Issu« 1 proposals for tho construction, by means of tmbscrlptlons of shareholders, of an leo palaoi in the St. Lawieuce, opposite Montreal, in tho appionohing wiuter. The building is to bj 40 feet high, 144 feet long, and 60 feet deep, Burioundod by a colonnade aud topped with a domelall, oxeept'the windows and doors, t.> be built of1 ice,1 A large skating rink, is pro- posed to bu annoxed to the building. Thï rooms, which will include a laigo ballroom, ladies' and gentlemen's rooms, and halls, aw to be " all heated by stoves, and warranted noS to meit! It is stated that tho palaca could be built in three or four weeks, and a!; a cost of about 8,500dol. THK BANK or ENGLAND NOTE-PAPER ROB- BERY.-It transpired this afternoon that most of the parties connected with tho recent rob- bery of Bank of England note-paper have beoa. i captured, and that the lemaindcr are expectoi to bo approhonded in the courso of a few days. Two weie arrested in London in the act, it is said, of printing notes, and wero brought up nt the Mansion-houso this afternoon, and re- manded till Wednesday, and two are in cus- tody at Biimingham. TRADE.-Tho Board of Tiado returns for the month ending tho 30th of September wer j issued to-day. and are, on tho whole, satisfac- tory, since they exhibit au increase in th3 declared valuo of our exportations of £170,121, or about 15 per cent. Compared, however, with tho corresponding month of the preced- ing year, theie IB a i eduction of £2,250,127, or more than 1C pei cent. THE WiNOHBunaH COLUSIÓN.-Mr. J. B. Thompson, superintendent of tho line; Mr. Alexander Bennie, inspector of permanent way ; and Alexander Forrest, his assistant, have, in addition to Newton, pointsman i and Davidson, drivei of the pilot-engine, bool, committed fortrialTforculpablolhomicide anl culpablo neglect of duly. They have all beoa ; admitted to bail. A LANDSLIP AMONG THE WFLSII MOUNTAINS. -The Meithyr conespondent of the Leeii Mercury relates au extraordinary incident which happened during tho late gales in an. isolated and mountainous district between. , Merthyr Tydvil and Tiedcgar, Policc-coa- ( stable Lowis, of Tir Dhil, a dingle in tho Ehymnoy Mountains, on the slope of a precipitous hill, occupies one of a TO V > of houses quite isolated from Merthyr dis- I trict. About half-past sovon on Wcdnosdiy I evening last ho was cleaning out the guttjr in front of his house, when ho was alarmed, by a toirific rumbling noise that seemed ap- proaching, paralyzing his movements. He at length mustered courage to look round, and see what was the causo, when he found a torrent of water rushing down the mountain opposite his back door. Ho ran to waru bia wife and ohlldren of the danger, but hat only gone a few yaids when ho was strue'e dbwnby tho flood of wntor, clay, and stones. c got up, but did not know for a moment where ho was, and ran lound to the front of the house ; the back he could not reach on account or tho mound of clay and stones that was against it, Mrs. Lowis, in tho meantime, , was in tho house, but knew nothing of tho i occurrenco until the back door was forced in, and bofoie sho could reach the front door ta escape, tho house was half full of stomi, completely blocking up thefiont door, anl reiidoring escape impossible. She thoa made her way to tho door of tho stairs, and tried to open it, but thvt also was blocked up. At Ibis time the water had riseu up to her shoulders. Sho held ono child on her shoulder, and the other w.u climbing up her side, whcnLewis broke in tin fiont window with an axe, and rescued first the ohildion and aftei wards the wife, but it was with the greatest difficulty Mrs. Lowis was saved, as tho clay and stones had accumulât >1 around hor. Tho damage dono was very gi cat ; the wall between tho kitchen and front room was knocked down, tho pantry was fill.) I to the- ceiling, and everything in it destroyed. The frofit room was also filled up, and all tho furniture downstaiis broken up or rondorjl worthless. The next houso escaped with only three feet of mud and rubbish on the groun I flour, and tho remaining houses of the rjw ?vi ero simply wetted as if a torrent of water hi 1 jiiiBscd through. COTTON IN INDIA.-The cultivation of cottoi has beon> commenced on a largo scale by tua nativo population of Bengal. THE WRBOK OP THE BENCOOLEN, AT BUDE. -On Tuesday the Bencoolen was seen from the look-out at'Bude completely disabled, and driving boforo a strong north- westerly breeza dead on a rocky shoie. Signals were mado to her, and tho crow succeeded in wearing tho fchip, and steering for the harbour, but tho lat . ter being only aBhnllow tidohaven, she struck . outsido of thoontrance, in about twenty foot of water, and carne round broadside to tin eea, which was tolling in heavily, as it gene- rally does on this exposed and dangerous coast. In tho meanwhile, tho coastguard had got the locket appaiatus ready, and two rockets wero filed without effect ; the third j locket carried a line well over tlic quartor dcck of tho vessel, and wo hoped that tho crew would i bo saved, but great delay hal been caused by a doficlont supply of rookot lines, and by this time the sinus bulwarks were gone, and tho sea was breaking furiously over hor midships, so that the crow, who woro gathered together on the forecastle, could not reach tho Uno,; one poor follow on attempting to do so being washed overboard and imme- diately drowned.L Bude, howovcr, is a lifeboat station, and tho boat was launched, but no vessels being in the harbour( it could only bo manned with a very ineflicicnt crew, who liaidly mado any attempt to reach the vessel. The unfortunate crew, as tho ship was fast breaking up, launched a raft which they hal prepared, but out of the wholo number sU only reached the shore olivo, the remaindor being swept from the raft by the tremendous teas whioh broko ovor it, or crushed to death. by the floating wreck. i NEWMARKET HOUGHTON MEETING. I THE OAiinniDQESuntr. BIASES, Of 26 sovs. each, 10 ft., and 5 if declared, &o.;, with 100 added. Winners oxtia. Thoowner of tho second horse to receive 50 aov. I milo 240 yards. 196 sub., 66 of whom pay 5 sovs. cooli. ' Lord Ohcstorflold's Bathlldc, hy Stockwell, 4 yrs, J 1 Lord Stamford's Limosin», 8 yrs.2 Boron Nlvloro'a Comma, 8 yin .3 Mr. W. Ooator's Aurollan, 4 yrs.4 Mr. Bevill's Ilonham Lass, 4 yrs ., .. .. 0 Mr. O. W. Flttwllliams'» Myrtlo, 4 jrs .. .. 0 I onl Glasgow'» h o hy West Auatrnllau-Ciarlas», Mr. Jamos Smith's Hartington, 8 yis .. .. 0 Mr. Qrlmsliaw's Sllkstono, 8 yrs u, .. .. 0 Betting.-100 to 16 agst Myrtle, 8 to 1 agu Limosina, 10 to 1 agst Aurelian. 100 to 8 oaok agstDIotatorandtho Clarissa cole. Winnornot mentioned. Mr. Manning got through the pro liminary business of woigning out tho forty three riaors shortly beforo four o'clock ; thoy werelspeedlly mounted, and tho signal flag w.w lowered, after one or two failures occaslonol by tho fractiousness of Squiro Percy, to an ad nrirablo start, tho lot getting away nearly Ina line. In consoquonco of tho mist that hung over the heath, it was willi somo difficulty their colours could bo distinguished ; but after thoy had run for some short distance, Oboron, with Gorae, Agog, Henhatn Lass, and Con- queror on the extremo left, was obsorvol with a slight lead, closely followed by Batbildo,, Aurollan, Gemma, Lord Glasgow's two, Myrtle, and Stradelln, with Limosina lylui on tho uppor giound. Tho next division i comprising Exchequer, Manrico, Hartington, Optimist, Polynesia, Argonaut, Lapidist, Dio I tutor, and Queen of Trumps, followed in a cluster, about two or three lengths in their wake, the roar division being whip- ped in by Magnum Bonum, Bedouin, and IncitotuB. Without ,nny motorist chango thoy ran thus to the new stand, whoro Batlitldc, in company with Limosina, Gamma, Aurollan, Dictator, and Myrtlo, carno oa la company, tho foimor lying in tho centro of the course, having a slight lead, winch sho held to the Old Cuke's Stand, whero Limosina joined her, followed on tho lower ground by Gcmmd, Aurelian, and Hartington. Tlu Clarissa colt, with Myrtlo ana Dictator, dropped back beaten, leaving the race with the leodors, who ran in company to the hroiv I of tho hill, whoro thoy finished a closo au! exciting raco home, Bathildc maintaining hot advantago to the end, and winning in tho last "stride by o neck ; Limosina defeating Gomtni , by a head for second monoy, who finished a I like diBtanco in ndvanco of Aurelian. Har ' tingtonwas fifth, a head only in tho roar of j Aurelian, tho four-year-old Clarissa colt sixth, 1 JuidStradolla next ; then followed Qucon of Trumps, Agog, Aco of Clubs, Polynesia, Dlc I tator, and Myrtle, all closo logother, tho roar ¡ most lot,borag Exchcquor, Gorse, Mondo, , Optimist, Vortumna, Fairwatcr, and Lady 1 Ripon. Net value of tho stakes, £2,200. THE, CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. ¡ (FROM TUB TIMES' CORRESPONDENT.) I NEW YORK, OCT. 14. " Tho ride of tho threo thousand'' bids fair 1 to bo sung by tho future Homer of the war as tho most brilliant of its episodes. Anything , moro daring, moro gallant, and moro sucojsä ful than the foray of General Stuart-a High- lander by extraction-ovor the bordor of Maryland and Pennsylvania, has never bsoa1 , rccordod. At the hoad of 8,000 horsemen, by > every ono of whom ho is as personally bs lovcd as a chieftain of old by the members of 1 his clan, ho crossed tho Potomac to Morcón burg and Chambersburg, to the roar of M'Clcllon's army, and thence rodo book , aguiu by another road omi a long iHim over tho Potomac-ra ,'distance,of nearly .13) miles-gathering ' horses, provisions, shoes, \- wearing apparel, medicines, and cvarythinr, else ho wanted, and defying not only captura, but pursuit. If ho startled tho public by his audacity, ho oxtorted their admiration by his ibinvery and success, and forced ovon the blt teicst enemios of the Confederate cause ty wish that fate had granted such a cavalier to the Northern army. General M'Clollan, for- getting his usual caution, whçn ho first hear I of the invasion telegraphed to Washingfcoa that not n man of Stuart's cavalry shoull escape ; but, unluckily for his credit, only one of them was captured, and ho not by tli3 Federal army. Now that the brilliant affair is ' ended, peoplo aro puzzled to know what it meant. Was it a mere forny in soaroh of horse J and stores?WasGeneralStuartin this Ínstanos, as at Cattlett's Station, the jackal in advanc3 of the lion, and was " Stonewall" Jaeksoa coming after him for a nevv invasion of the Border States? The question is still undj cided, and tho perplexity which it causes U not confined to tho councils of General M'Olcllan and tho President, but has taken possession of Wall-street, and sent up gold to the highest rate it has yet attained-thirfcy' three per cent, premium. It is reported that the army of M CloUan is again to maka a movement in advance ; but whether in conso-, mience of Genoial Stuart's raid, or of informa- tion not accessible to the public, is noc stated. The " situation" all over the country is grava in the extrañe, and though tho journals ar3 filled with sensation headings of great and. glorious victories in Kentucky, Tennessee, an i Missouri, peoplo are much slower to believa in such victories than they used to be, and are fast awakening to the conviction that tin North has no genornls fit for the herculean, task of winning victories that decido anything but tho bravory of tho troops who fight in them. New York is fairly aroused by tho war newi to take unprecedented interest in its oivA local elections for Governor and other stat> officers on tho 4thof November next, Doubts i begin to bo felt for the success of tho Darno ? ¡eratic " ticket " on that occasion. New York 'city has hitherto supported by a majority of votes the Democratic and pro-slavery party ; but New York stato has always yielded a powerful majority to the Kopublican sidî. Could the question of peace or war-Coi bervatism or Abolitionism-bo settled by tin votes, of the city alone, it is highly probabb that the terms of a compromiso with, tin South would bo speedily agreed upon and oar ? lied into effect j but the rural districts aro as keen against the South, and as strongly ia favour of abolition and a war of oxtormim tum, as thoNow England States. It is fearei by some of his own party that if Governs Seymour goes to tho poll he will bo' defeato I by a largo majority of tho state. Such ii defeat would administer so mighty a dose of encouragement to the " Jacobins, not only in New York but throughout tho North anl AVost, and impel the President so powerfully to the Abolitionist side, that timid membjM of the party-who do not, however, appear to be the most numerous-urgo that it would be better for Mr. Seymour, to withdra.v his pretensions boforo the day of poll- ing, and leavo his opponents to walk over t!n courso. If this policy were adopted, the doo n of the Democratlo party would b3 sealed. 16 would commit political suicide, anditsleadoM would find themselves ere many weoks in Fort Lafayette, and, perhaps, oro mauy months at tho foot of the gallows or, tin guillotine. The ciy of blood has bi'en raise I. They will not escapo their doom by cowardly surrender. Their only courso is to compare themselves like courageous and conseientiom citizens at tho polls, as General M'OIellan, who belongs to their party, incidentally re- commends in his order of tho day to hU army. If thoy fall, there thoy will, at least, fall with dignity, which cannot bo said of them, if thoy withdraw without a struggle, and leavo tho revolutionists undisputel masters of tho position. It is held out as a bait to Mr. Seymour, if ho will withdraw, that ho will i bo placed in nomination for tho Presidency as successor to Mr. Lin- coln, and receivo the undivided support of hU party. But, in times of civil commotion, two yoars are a long period to look forward to ; aud Mr. Seymour may share the fate of Danton, and Mr. Wendell Phillips tkab of Bobespierro, boforo a reaction comes, when a Bonaparte shall find it possible to establish a despotism on tho ruins of the Kopublic. Judging from the tone andtempor of tin speakers, and tho vociferous enthusiasm of tin great meeting of tho party which was hoi 1 last night at the Cooper Instituto, it woull appear as if tho discouragement in the party weie confined to a few mombors, who havj money and fear to lose it, and as if tho bulk of the Democrats wore determined to 'bate n > jot of heart or hope in tho attempt to cloi \ tho chaiiot wheels of revolution, and dis- mount tho drivers. Mr. Seymour spoki well and earnestly, and Mr. John Va i Binen, son of the late ex- Prcsidont Martin Van Buren, seemed to carry the hearfci of the crowded assemblage along .with him, as he proposed a truce and o general con- vention ol all the States of the Union-Sout'i as well as North-to debate the points at issue, and the toims of a reunion. "I will not bs lievo," said tho spoaker, "that the South, have utterly foigotten the glorious and pre- cious histoiy of onr past career. I will not believe that they are willing to relinquish theil share in our common heritage of fame. I will not behovo that they will consent to sea this groat model Republic, starting in it j enreor and challenging the admiration of tho world, stranglod in its infancy. I bellevo tho South would, como into a convontion, that wo might ngico to live under the constitu- tion as it is If they would not consent, then I know that I am in favour of s J amending tho Constitution as to lot thom, go : Haying to thom, in tho > language of the gallant GeneralScott, 'Wayward sisters, go in peace!"' Thiswas boldspoakingfor Now York, and a hld 1er giatuitous lodgings in Fort Lafayette. It re- mains to bo soon whether tho Govornmont I will consider tho language to bo treasonable, I or will daio to interfere with Mr. Van Burea ' or any of tho othor speakers, laying itsalf , thereby under tho grievous imputation of at tempting to intoilero with tho freedom of ¡ election,-a freedom to which tho Northorn ' Americans still cling with tho ancient pertl- , nacity, as tho last and most piecious part of their inheritance. It is most probable that Mr. Van Buiou's nomo will bo marked with a black cross in tho books of tho provost marshal, in caso he should bo caught trip- ping hercoftei, and that until after thj election. But whatever tho Government may do, or tho Northern peonlo may think, all who aro not Americans, and who look upon the question without passion or prcjudica, will confess that Mr. Van Huron's proposal oilers a solution of the difficulty, which tin nation would bo wiso to nccopt. But there I is no hope of such a result, unless from tin action of Euiopo. Tho Abolitionists are so re- lentless for tho triumph of their theory, and the North Amoricans in general aro so much moio desnousof being the citizens of an im- menso uudivided republic without lib arty than of a smaller and divided republic with liberty, that they will listen to no terms that shall not bo dictated by suporlor forco. But tho most Important feature of this im- portant mooting was tho reading by Mr. Van Buren of a lettor from Gonoral Scott, ad- dressed to Mr. Soward, on tho 3rd of March, 1861\. Mr, Van Buron did not stato by what means tho letter carno into his possession, aád admitted that ho had no authority from General Scott for making it public. Go- noral Scott at that time thought the Pre- sident's course of action was limited to one of four courses of prooeduro- first, a compromiso undor the terms of tho Crit- tenden Resolution; second, a collection of cus- toms' duties on foroign goods outsldo of tin ports of which tho Governraont had lost tin command, or a blockado of such poits ; third, a conquest of tho South by Invading arraios ; fourth a consent to peaceable séparation. It is evident that at that time, whatever may be his opinions now, the gonoral hoped moro from tho Hist course of prooeduro than from any other ; and that if tho first wore ineffec- tual ho proforrcd tho last to tho second or the third. Tho second could have dono little mischiof boyond exciting loucour, aal i would infallibly have led to tho third. And a) regards tho third, ho was of opinion that o young lind nblo general, with an army of 800,000 disciplined men, might conquer tho South in two or three yeais, though at a coit far disproportionate, to tho gain, leaving ai tho result of tho war, besides a dobt ol' 25Q,O00,000.1ol. and tho misery, " fiftoon dov H fcatcd provinces, npt to bo brought into har- mony with their conquerors, but to bo hell for generations by heavy garrisons, ot au ox penso quadruple tho net duties or taxes whte'i it would bo possible to oxtort from them-fol- lowed by a Protector or an Emperor." General Scott erred somOwhatin his calculation of tin means. Tho young and ablo gonoral has not appealed. 800,003 men havo perished or boon disabled in twenty months. A million of mem aro required to supply their places anil «arry on'their woik, and tho debt ho* i long ago overtopped the modest estimate of 260i000,000dol. But the conquest of the South, If ultimately it were to ¡be offeotoii -a threo years, or in twenty, would bo ac- companied with every other result of which i ihc' general,' with tho mystical, lore of tho I suuiet of his life, foresaw the shadows at > i,, i iiii ' * "thatTeárly period of tho cqntestJ-j'A foiclhle - 'UniorVis absurd arid impracticable. " Ester mlntition," or tho holding of the South as a dependency, as Franco holds Algiers, or Austria Venetians thelonly possiblo result. Tho Northern Jacobins, however, do not sa j it. Thoy cry " Union or Extermination," a* the French cried " Fraternity or Daath." without pausing to reflect that if the war last? much longer and tho passions become much, more oxcited, the least pleasant boin of tin dilemma maj; bo reserved for themselves. Tho Abolitionists nnd ultra-Republicans ara beginning to express their dissatisfaction with the President's proclamation for con- fiscating the slaves of rebels." Thoy relus.» to look upon it as a decree of emancipation. Thoy accepted it as a step in the right direc- tion, and no moro ; and urge that the timo haj ulrcady come to take a second and mow effectual step, to tho end which they have'all along proposed to themselves-emancipation, complete^ 'unconditional, and without com- pensation. * Mr. Lloyd Garrison has airca ly denounced it as a half mensuro, settlin? nothing and satisfying nobody. Mr. Ward Beecher has fulminated his disapproval, Mr. Wendell Phillips has' not said a word pub- licly, but is asserted to bo preparing such aa onslaught as jpcoplo expect from a man so> mercilessly logical, so severely consistent, aui so unpractically philosophical. The Rov. Dr. Chcevor, who ranks as high as these gentle, men ornons the apostles of Abolitionism, ha? commenced tho pulpit crusade. On Sunday evening he sounded a war-note of deflaacj fiom the Church of tho Puritans, to gather together the moro timid politicians who aw content to follow tho slow and caution* movements of the President, and to en battlo them in a solid phalanx to oppo33 any further trifling with the subject. The church was so crowded that there was scarcely standing room in the aisles and galleries. Taking for his text tho disobedience of Saul in refusing to slay tho Ainnlekites until thoy were utterly consumed, the rev. politician diow a picture of the parallel disobedionco of Mr, Lincoln in refusing to free tho slaves, irrespective of the loyalty or the treason of their owners, and douounced to him the same punishment which had been meted out to« Saul-" that he should be rejected of the Lord from being laug in Israel." The " slaves," he said, " who were the parties principally intc lested, wero not at alf consulted in the matter, but wero kicked about like a football, tosorvo tho purposes of the Government. A de- claration of immediate emancipation would, havo torn the concave vault of Heaven, so graud would havo been tho shouts of the people. It was the conduct of tho nation towards tho enslaved, and no!» towards the rebels, that would decide this contest on the part of the God of Justice. Ho prophesied that if the Cotton^States con- tinued m rebellion the Border States would bj placed between two fires, and that Congroäs would be compelled to abolish the Fugitive Slavo Law, and make the proclamation uni- versal. He was opposed to the proclamation, .becauso it deprived the loyal Slave States of tho blessings of emancipation. It was, in tim respect, like admitting the rebel states to the joys of Heaven, and keeping the Border Statoi in tho fires of hell. The President had no r ght to set nt nought the command of God by recognizing slavery in the loyal states." It is I not tho fashion in the Church of the Purl- i "tans, as it is in that of the Eev. Honry Ward Beecher, for the audience to cheer or to laugh, or to exhibit any signs of approval or disap- proval, but several tiines?during tho sermon tho sensation produced by the rov. gentle- man's denunciations' was as palpable as if it had been expressed in the more vulgar manner of the theatre, The Abolitionists are determined that tho President shall not b3 ' allowed to stand upon his proclamation if any efforts of theirs can move him to go fin thor. They have succeeded in coercing him already, and will coerco him again, lie is on what tho Fionch call apente, and can scarcely stay himself, if ho would, even if the Abolitionist» ' Hhould refrain from pushing him into tho abyss. Nor has ' he been moro fortunato with thö Fohomo of expatriation of the negroes, which, ho was inducod to encourage, against his better judgement, in order to co.:ciliato the» negro-haters in Illinois, who will not allow a, black man to Bottle in their stato, and the Irish in all parts of'the Union, who detest; theso poor peoplo, not alone for tho colour of their skins, but for their competition in. tho labour market. The negroes nave, with I few exceptions, declined to entertain the project: and Senator Pomeroy, of Kansas, who was to havo been tho white Moses of the black race, and to have led them to a Central American Canaan, called Chiriqui, lias finally abandoned tho project, as far as that place is toncerned- tho Government of New Granada, to which it belongs, having peremptorily re fubcd iu permission. Whether ho will pro < cod to Liberia with tho first 500, who wero to> have b en reudy to start for Chiriqui by the 1.0th of-this month, is *not yet known ; but, vihetber be do so or not, it is clear that the cNpatilation of negroes on a large scolo will never take place, and it is very unlikely that Mr. Lincoln will over again lccommend it. Much dissatisfaction that docs not find, its way into print, for fear of the penalties of that elastic oflence, " the discourage- ment of íecruiting," exists throughout tua army. Not only has the bounty-money duo by the Government not been paid in thousands, or, it may be, tens of thousands of cases, but the pay of more than one-half of tho army is in arrear. It is the iule of the hcivicc, and tho expectation of tho soldiors, that payment should not be delayed beyond two mouths; but theio aro many regiments in the field which havo not received a cont of ! pay for eight months. The soldiers during all that time have been running up bills at (¡nor- I mous rates of ovoroharge with tho camp sutlers and other leeches, who suck them to ' leplction. Mr. Chase, it appears, cannot get I notcB or bills printed fast enough to meet his liabilities; and it is of no use to piint those foi the largor amounts of twenty, fifty, and a , hundred dollars, unless there bo a sufficient supply of small chango to meet the email I but multitudinous and, in the aggregate, lal gc demands of retail trade, in military as ! veil as civil life. Tho sight of a soldier beg- , ging in the streets, though not frequent, is ' not altogether unknown in this city ; ond j tho charge against some of the officers of new ' brigades in piooess of formation of having ! received the funds to pay their mon their j bounties and having neglected to do so in ¡ order to havo tho uso of the monoy in th s meantime, or to advance it to clamorous an plicants at a heavy discount, is so frequently ' mfldo as to justily tho belief that there must bo fire somewhero to account for so much smoko. A Washington paper states that thorj aio requisitions for 46,000,000dol. (arno millions sterling) lying unhonoured at th.U moment in the Treasury department, for want of funds to meet them ; and that this largo amount is not only duo to contractor* i for supplies, but to soldiers for pay. When soldiers fight out of hatred, vengeance, or patriotism, as in tho South, the pay is a small matter ; but when Irishmen and Germans en- gage to fight for money, as in tho North, tho poy is a mattor which tho Gbvernmont is most unwise to neglect, and which may causj mischief at a criticol period. GENERAL BUTLER AT NEW ORLEANS; ! (FItOM TUB TIMES, OCT. 20.) I It is weU to koop an eye On General Butler's proceedings in Now Orleans. It isltho only ' sample we yet havo of the system which th> Noithernors proposo to themselves tooxtoni ' all over tho South, if their fceblo hopes ! should ever, by strange chance, grow stron j ' again and fructify into accomplishment. For i generations yct.to come, as General Scott ha? told them, tho most complete and unvarying ' victory to tho Federal arms would effect n> moro than to put a hundred Geneial Butlers, ! at the head of a hundred small arm.ro i ' of ¡licensed plundorors, in n hundred of ' tho cities of tho Southern States. Full success would result in on organise I brigandage on a grand scale. Tho Butlers ' would squabblo with the women, and icvoug ; ' themselves by violence. They would honc, ' shoot, or imprison tho »en, and they woull ' l'oico useless oaths of subjection upon tin ' population immediately in their power. Out- , side their own lines, however, ana beyond th J ' leach of their gunboats' cannon, thoy woul I ' IK)1 powerless:, they would be as much pri boneiH as the men and women thoy impri- soned ; ovefy Rtragglor would bo shot down, ' and nil supplies, except thoso which might lench them by water, would be cut off. Tlds is the condition to which It is tho highest aspiration of Mr. Lincoln and his faction t> reduce the South ; and this is tho prcsont con- dition of the ono unlucky Sou thom city which lies under the cannon of the Fudecal gunboats, just as a traveller might lio helóles* under tho muzzle of a highwayman's pistol, i\ hilo his companions rifled his pockots. I Some days ago we published a vory into- ! resting letter recounting the vicissitudes of i tho untiring fight which continues botwean > GeUeral Butler, tho preux chevalier and speci- men par excellence of a gallant North American i soldier, and tho ladies of tho city which li» curses by his presence. By this mail we have u c|iorus of jubilation from General Butler's: " friends. He has done it at last. Ho ha* gained a victory ovor his femiuiuo torraon tors. lie has brought to book thoso putt Sfiia ' stern and -contemptuous dames who " turno I np their not very pretty noses" as thoypai33i , him in the streets, nnd^yho swept aside thoir ampio 'crinolines when they met a Fodor.il officer, lost thoy should hnply bo contaminate I hy touching him. General Butler has hit upon a.plan better than shutting them up in. unthatched cottages in unhealthy swnmpi,1 and tho correspondents of the Northern papers, who act as his secretaries at New. Orleans, almost scream with delight as thoy relate how their favourite general hal succeeded in vexing and humiliating Genaral Butler's saucy enemies. Butler's plan wai this:-By proclamation ho required every person in tho city to register himself or her- self as either a friend or an enemy to tho United States. The ladies, it might be sup- posed, would have no difficulty about this. It , might be expected that troops of crinolinoï would have sailed along tho streets towards the City Hall to enjoy the pleasure of at once snubbing General Butler and registering hatred to the Lincoln Government. But Butler's pioolamation was I not so easily answered. The cunning general required that thoy who registered themsolves ai enemies should at tno samo time register every item of their 'private property: and no article could bo ' sued for, of sold, or onjoyed in any way which .was not regularly registered. This completely altero I the case, for General Butler, while he required this inventory, pointed significantly to the Act of Confiscation, and intimated that the inventory was for his convenience in future proceedings towards carrying the Confiscation Act into effect. Of course, this was as muck' a confiscation of private property in au enemy's country as if Butler and his soldier* had sacked the city, as if Stuart and hil troopers had sacked and burnt down Ohain beraburg. The Federal papéis, however, are frantic with delight at tho cleverness of tin device. Ono of them gives a vivid picture of the astonishment of a, certain "little Frenchman," who finds his balanco at hU Imukcr's stopped, and his cheque rofussd, because ho had not got his certificate ; but tin same writer is unbounded in his expression of contempt and disgust at another miserable wretch," who, having no property at all, boldly went alono to the City-hall and regis- tered himself as an enemy to the Ouital States. Tho great triumph, however, is over the women. To register all their clothes, uni trinkets, and smart little equipages, their blaok lady's maid, and their little balance of pocket money in the bink, and perhaps their heap of cotton bales, and nil in order that " that, fright Butler" might toss it into his VJ racious maw, was not to bo thought of. Tin letterless attorney, whoso sharp practice atNoiv Orleans does him such credit, had doubtlu33 never hen rdof Horace, oroftheodecommoncins Ulla si juris Ubi pejerati ; but tho women saura t o havo said " butter take a hundred on forced and unbinding oaths than be thin i swindled and plundered." The result was tin women all went up and registered thcmsolvji as friends of Lincoln and'Butler, and to Vc the oath of allegiance, . The delighted correspondent of tho Nea Tork Times declares the scene to have bean worthy of study. Ho says thus :-" The belle and the half-starved seamstress, the dowa?ir with her queenly daughters, and the shrinkin; women who hopelessly toil for a living, tin swarthy creole, tho palo Nevv- Frnglandor, and tho paler faced Octoroon, worj mingled in the crowd." He thinks that it was " evident that many took tin oath under a degree of excitement that woull he hard to understand by persons who hava not lived in New Orleans. It was a bitter draught to swaUow that oath, particularly by women, ' many externally beautiful,' who hal rendered themselves locally famous for thoic denunciation of tho National Govorninont, and by thoir openly-expressed contempt for tho National soldiers. " It was no pleasant position," he most truly says, "for such a young lady, after all her protests and vehe- ment declarations of eternal hate, to stand up on the Lyceum stage, and, before a thousand, peoplo, hold up her^smulljewclled hand, and, palo with confusion and indignation, swear t> support tho Constitution her father, and pro- bably her brother and cousin, had bson teaching her for years to contemn anl despise. There aro anecdotes also told Inw diflerent. scornful beauties underwent tin humiliation of General Butler's Caudia'i Forks. " One youug miss, as she passed out of the lialh observed to her friend. .'Well, i really it ain't much, after all, is it, Clotilde? ' One tall lady in black-a widow, I presume- ' of rather tho tragio queen style, descendí I tho marblo steps, staring most earnestly on tin contents of tho certificate. She seemed asifj she would annihilate it with her gaze. Isuspoofc hho has lost a husband on the battle-field-) or, tho Potomac. She mustpossessproperty inNo v : Orleans, nor struggle to savo lier wealth fro.n ,.An)!.^l.'^ "".1 lT°..l.-i. f-ii --< «'ontiscation, and hei hate for the Government, that had, as she supposed, robed her in woodj,i ' made, most likely, the letters on that ' cer- tificate' hum her eyes os fue." Wo congri tulate General Butler pn his triumph ovpr this widow. The next widow will, however, J as we fear, require a little more disciplino. I The general's chronicler proceeds!-"As ti contrast to this, another widow came, an l , ti ipped away -with the flippant remark to lu; companion, ' Upon my word, this affair hit caused me more emotion than -when I stoD I up to bo married.' " What fuither punish- ment was inflicted upon this pelt widow ii not told. Perhaps Butler was in a goj L humour. He had brought all the " not vory pietty noses" of all his vexations enemies t> tho grindstone, and had giound them so tia1; they could not turn thom up again. Under the elation of so great a success, he could olio v ono vivacious widow to flaunt before bim, ecrtificato in hand. j This is very contemptible in Butlm, an J, j periiaps, rather ridiculous to read, but it mini bo a vory horrible tyranny to endure. No- ' thing is clearer in law and i ethics than tin,1; i an oath extorted by unlawful coercion is voi I. i ?Nothing is so essential to tho sacred chaiacín; I ol an oath than that this should be thoroughly and universally understood, otherwise an o it'i ! would cease , to be the ,bond of society, an I i would becoino the instrument of thieves an I brigands. But it is a hoirible outrage for a. wrotoh like this Butler, who probably lui I nevor in his life dono one act of manhood, t> ' drivoup a whole population, under the muz¿b ¡ ' of cannon and under threatsrof being utterly despoiled, to commit a sort of whito p'eijury. j Theso people had all, no doubt, taken tin oath of allegiance to the Government of ! their choice, and they havo now swallowol by force an oath of allegiance to a Govor.i- I irient thoy hate. Even Butler ciumoit sup- ¡ poso that an oath thus extorted can give hi-u ' any fuither right, moral 01 legal, ovor thoi > people. It is a senseless humiliation'and ,v useless insult-no more. It .is not only o i «<)t of tyranny, but an net of tyranny with- out an advantage. The Northern psonh ought to bo ashamed of themselves foy koo,) ing this stupid ruflian imsuch a post. A gi i tlcman with a little tact might by this tim > > luivo lot loose those 3,000,000 cotton boloi, iinding out some compromiso which woull have tempted both partios, duties to thi North and purchnso prico to the South ; bit ' whilo this miserablo cieaturo is in cominan 1, New Orleans can servo for no other use but as a warning to all Southern cities whit sub- . mibsion to the North involves. r WHO IS TO BE KING,OF GREECE? (FROSI THE TIMES, OOT. 29.) i I To tho ordinary princeling who commouJj n regiment or a frigate in his father's service, ', and whoso shaie in public business hitó boe L confined to answering congratulatory al diosso3 or laying a foundation stone, tho taî'r. of govorning Greece cannot be very pleasant. A good, hard-headed politician ot tho chu it luck wo send to India might undeitako tin jjovoinmont and administer it with crodit; but for tho ordinary raco of young princes it ivill bo an anxious and by no means a tempt- ing offico. Among tho personages spoken of aie Prince Alfred of England and tho Dtiltj of Lcuchtonbcrg. Of course, wo only mea l ion thcBO as having been named by'rumour, Biiico no certain indication of ' ^0' pur 11 oses of tho revolutionists has as yjfe ¡neon received. With! respect to tho first^of , thso princes, wo may, we think, dismiss hit iillogcd pretensions from consideration.' It ii ? fc.iid, wo know not how accurately, that a'lor^i' ' party iin Gicece is in favour of a Brit'n't ' prince Tlie predilection is quito posslßlc, for thoughiwe havo not stood' high in the favour' , of tho ¡¡people sineo tho affair of Pacifico, yo!; tho'Greeks havo the good sonso to know tait ve only desiro tho tranquillity of tho East, und that, if they could assure us of their oira geod faith, by putting on English print» tit ' their head, it Mould improve ,.tholr own prospects of am enlarged .territory. Nor .can thoy bo blind' to the possibility' of tllus putting nn end to the griovancoj of tho Sontinsular Republic, by incorporating it vith their own territory. To get Corfu and 1 its Bister islands, tho ncquiescenco of tho Bri- tish peoplo in a spirited foreign policy on tin 1 Turkish frontier, and a constitutionally educated, non-Catholic, young prince, all at 1 the samo time, is i recommends itself to so acute a peoplo. Bub 'this country desires no dynastic connoxion '.with Greece or its affairs. The poUoy of England must be directed by considerations I of national and European interest, and not Iby 1 tho relationships .of courts. As to tha 'Duku of Leuohtouborg, lils election would. ' probJjly giatify ItussiJ thoiß'i the .tim is now past when the emperor coill hope to extend his influence or hi' territory by the . aid of tributary sovo- ' reigns. If Greece choose him there ii no reason that Wo should object. Ho is i Greek in religion, and that would be in hu iavour with his subjects, who naturally exaa that the Sovereign should profess their re lición, 01 nt least bring up Ins children in it. Whatcvermay be his lîussian sympathies In cannot behave woree than the late King bj haved in 1854; and as Greece was thoa bpeedily brought to reason, BO might sho bj again if sho again transgressed internationi! law. Another person montioned is Princ Ypsilanti, a grandson of the chief of tin Hctairia which prepared the indcpendenc3 o' Greece. But a more likely name is that of tin Count of Flanders, the second son of fch' King of tho Belgians. This joung princi« would probably bo acciptabloto the Greeks, both as tho son of the Sovereign to whom the tin one was offered on tho morrow of the indo pendence, and as having been brought up uirder the influence of a fice Government in a small Btate like their town. But to whatever choice the Greeks may come, thoy must re- member that their own good conduct is uecos i-ary to tho success of any reigning family. If Europe leaves them to mnnago their own affairs, thoy muBt learn tho piudence and lor bearance which Western nations practiso. They havo a great opportunity; thoy start fresh with a now ruler and new institution-), and if thcynow fail to recover their old favour with Europe, the fault will bo wholly their .own. By the Blue Jacket from Liverpool, we have received the Liverpool Mercury of the 28th October, from which we make the following extracts : Moue VESSELS DESTRQTED BY THE ALA- BAMA.-The following is a repoit of the Tona wanda, of Philadelphia, - Julius, com- mander, which arrived in the Mersey yester- day, from Philadelphia.-" On the 9th October, at4p.m., in lut. 30 N" Ion. 54 80 W, w ns captured by the steamei Alabama ,(No 290), Captain Sommes Captain Julius wai talien on board the Alabama, and found the« Captain Harmon and crew of the late barquj Wave Crest, from New York for Cardiff, an 1 Captain Johnson and ciow of the late brig Dunkirk, from New York for Lisbon. All tin prisoners wore in irons, and on dook, thoir ?vessels having been buined two days pre- viously. Oh the 11th, Alabama captured and burned tho Manchester, Captain Landeikin, from New York for Liverpool, the captain and ciew of which were also put on board tin Tonawanda, which Captain Julius was now informed was a cartel. No moro prizes werj taken. On tho evening of the 13th, thoro being every appeaianco of thick weather, Captain Julius was put on board the Tona .wanda, and allowed to proceed, after having fiven a ransom bond, ho being then in lat. Odeg. 80min. N., Ion. 59Jeg. 39min. W. All the captains, officers, and crews, are paroled prisoners of wai." i The British Consul, at Charleston, has foi ?warded to Earl Russell a statement, in which ho estimates that the stock of cotton at pre , sent in the Southern States is about 3,950,0DD bales. The draft in the State of New York will commence on 10th November. Drafting in Boston took place on the loth October ; ths quo ta required was 2O03. A demoeiatic demonstration has been made at New York. The îesolutions adopted con- demn the "unexampled corniption and ox travaganco" discovered in the public service, question tho power of tho Picbident to su(v¡ pend tho writ of habeas corpus, and protest ' that in tho nomination of Seymour and Wadswortb. by the respective parties of the 4 state, the lino is distinctly and clearly drawn between those who believe in the Constitu- tion as it is and the Union ns it was (ap- plause) and the men who seek to establish in their stead a new constitution and a new I tmion." COMMODOBE WILKES. - The Galatea, 20, I screw frigate, Captain Rochford Maguire, ha, i sailed to join the squadron on the West Indu station. Tho Emerald, 85, screw frigate, Captain A. Cumming, has anchored oil Osborne. Sho is. under orders for the West Indies. The Times' city artiolo says tho idei i that Commodore Wilkes may intend to îenow his experiments in international law liai gi cotty subsided, and the belief is that his nomination to the West India station wai I riot intended as an affront to the neutral 1 powers of Europe, but mcidy to gratify the New York populace. The Daily News remon- strates with its friends at Washington, and advises President Lincoln to put some officer of proved disoretion between Bermuda and Charleston. The Tima contains a letter from Captain Horn, commanding the steamship Gladiator. According to his statement, the island of Bermuda has been strictly blockaded by a federal squadron under Admiral Wilkes, since September 27, on which day he entero I the harbour in the Nagassit, accompanied by the gunboat Tioga, leaving another gunboat, the Sonoma, to keep guard at the entrance of the harbom, and, under pretence of coaling and repairs, íemained at anchor till the 2n I October, on which day ho left, and tin Sononia entered and commenced coaling, | and left on the 5th Octobei, The tinco vo? i sels had been in sight up to October 7,i cruising about four miles from the land, and at night anchoring in the fairway of tin channel leading to St, George's, so tim1;. it was impossible any vessel could get either in or out." Captain Horn gives an account of the mail-boat Merlin having been fired at and, brought to, and of the Gladiator having boon ordered to heave to. The only British man of-war at Bormuda was tho Desperate. Tho coaling was a mero pretence, as the squadron was only four days fiom Fortiess Munroe. ' | GENERAL SCOTT'S LETTER, r The aunoxed is a complete copy of the im- portant letter from General Scott to Mr. Seward:- , ¡ i " WASHINGTON. MARCH 3, 1801. " Dear Sir,-Hoping that in a day or two i the new President will havo happily passed ! through all personal dangers, and find him i eeb? installed an honoured successor of the i great Washington, with you as the chief of his i cabinet, I beg leavo to repeat in writing i what I have before said to you orally, this , supplement to my printed ' views ' (dated in j October last) on the highly disoi dei od con- dition of our (so late) happy and glorious I ' Union, To meet the extraordinary exigcnclej ¡ { of tho times, it seems to mo that I am guilty of no arrogance in limiting the Piesidont s field of selection to one of the four plans of procedure subjoined : " I. Throw off the old and assume a now designation-tho union pnrty. Adopt tho conciliatory measures proposed by Mi. Crit- tenden or the Penco Convention, and, my life upon it, we shall have no new case of se- cession ; but, on the contrary, an caily icturn of many, if not of all, the states which havo already broken off from the Union. Without some equally benign measure, the remninins slaveholding states will probably join tho Montgomery Confederacy in less than 60 days ; ; when this city, being included in a foreign country, would require a permanent garrison of at least 85,000 troops to protect the Govern- ment within it. " II. Collect the duties on foreign goods out I side the ports of which the Government hil, \- lost the command, or close such ports ' by Act of Congress, and blockade them. i i "III. Conquer the, seceded states by in- vading armies. No doubt this, might ho done in two or threo yeais by a young and ablo general-a Wolfe, a Dcsax, or a Iloohj -with 800,000,000 disciplined men, estimating I a third foi garrison» and the loss of a yoi; , greater number by skirmishes, sieges, battle-,, and southorn fevers. The destruction of lif« and property on the othoi side would bo fright-' ful, however perfect the moial disciplino of the invndors. , "The conquest completed at that cno'rinoiK waste of human life to tho north and north west-with at least 260,000.O00dols. added thereto, and cut bono. Fifteen dévastât id provinces, not to bo brought into harmony with their conquerors, but'tobo held for gene-' rations by heavy garrisons, at an expensj quadruplo the net, duties oi taxes; which it would bo possible to extent horn them, fol- lowed by a protector or an ctnpcroi. I " IV. Say to the seceded states--Way ward sisters, depart in peace.-In haste, I remain, ' i very truly, yours. , , , _ "M'INFIULU SCOTT, I " Hon. Wm. H. Sewnid," &c.; The French squadron lins been oi doled from, Toulon to Greece, i , ¡, ' It is stated by the,Paris correspondent of The ¡Tim« that the negotiations for the reform, of tho navigation laws in France aro going on very well, and that thero is every hopo of a favourablo conclusion, perhaps at no distant date. Tho Emperor, who earnestly desires to teo the merchant navy in a prosperous condi-' tion (which is far from being the case), seomi convinced of the necessity of some change. ' Tho telegraph, it appears, was guilty of iv very considerable sin of omission, in roportitt' tho King of Italy aa having Bimply thanked the Roman deputation which brought him a1 ' present, of a data -nuplialu for the Quean of f Portugal. Victor Emmanuel did, in point of fact, tell tho deputation to inform Hu» Romans, tin ir fellow citizens, that they rnicnt lelyupon him, that he decily sjmi,nthi_i with their afflictions, and that he »ould ne? severe in the task ho had undertaken, withoni being deteircd by any difficulties, until um proposed object was obtained. This is hichlv important, ns showing that the King hai not yet at any rate been bullied into an open disaiowal of Geneiol Duinndo's cir cular. The ofFciul Gazette of the 17th publishes a decree convening the Italian Piuliament f«,. tho I8th of November. 10r The King has held a review oj 12,000 men in the Champ do Mars. His Majesty was «nthusiablically cheered by the large crowd assembled on the occasion. The Piinec of Wales, and the Crown Piinci and Princess of Prussia, arrived at Palermo on I tlip 26th. A party of wreckers havo been drowned nenr Haiwich, under very painful circum- stances. A largo i cssel having gone on shora during the late gales, seycial smacks and their crews went out on Friday morning for tim purpose of making salvage of the vessel Whilst the men ii ero engaged on board tim stranded vessel, sho suddenly canted over, and ten of the pool fellows weio drowned. THE Cmsis IN PRUSSIA.-The semi official Stem Zeitung, of Berlin, publishes aleadm> aiticle on the lost session of the Chamberí" which concludes as follows:-"All the pio posals of the Government, aiming at a con- ciliatory solution of the question of tim military budget, having been rejected by the Chambei of Deputies, the Government han been placed in a new position. The country may be convinced, by its former conduct and its present disposition to effect a consti- tutional solution of the question, that tim Government will take caro to narrow tim conflict within the smallest possible bounds -that is to say, to the maintenance of tim unavoidable military expenditure of 18C2 which will bo defrayed under tho constituí liona! responsibility of the Ministers. But i cry shortly the means prescribed by public c uty and conscience wiU be employed in ordor at the beginning of the next session, to effect a definitive constitutional solution of tim question at issue, to restoro to tho countiy entire peace in the interior, and to insure tim Undisturbed development of our constitutional institutions. May the peoplo fully trust in the constitution and in the faithful intentions and endeavours of the Government. May they not be misled by party agitation, but aid the Goveinmont in restoung and cementing peace." THE FINANCIAL CRISIS IN AMERICA. (FROM THE NEW rome WORLD, ocr. 14.) Gold is selling to-day at 130Tl and banker,* sixty day sterlmg bills at laß. Last year at the corresponding date gold was at par, and exchange was 107£. In other words, legal fender notes to-day are worth only seventy cents, and about thirty-seven per cent. Ad- ditional tax, compaied with last year, is im 1 oscd on imports of tea, coffee, and aU foreign merchandize. These figures tell in plain terms to evciy business man that the financial BJ stem and commerce of the country arc in a crisis of no ordinary magnitude, fraught with ruin to many who are now rich, and bringing hunger and suffering to those dependent on their daily Inborn for their daily bread. Tim labourei who received a year ago one dollar for bib day's laboui, convertible into gold, receives te day a papei dollarworth only sixty-nine and three-fouiths cents in specie or real money ; 11, in othci words, he is now, by the financial 1 olicy of Mi. Chase, compelled to give six days' labour for the prico of four doys. This dif- ference is the most moderate statement of the unprecedented depreciation in the value of oui paper cunency, which is whirling the national honour and cicdit and the comfort and happiness of the people into a feaiful lortex of lum. The prices of all commodities me advancing iu a greater ratio than the actual depiecintion of the currency as maiked by the piemmm on gold ; and every cleric, Inbouier, oi person with a fixed income, finds each week an increasing'1 difficulty m making both ends meet. One dollar out of every thiee dollars _ earned is taken from them by the financial policy chosen by Mr. Chuse. Tho paper-money system wa* a voluntaiy choice on the part of Mr. Chase. He was not compelled by the acts of Con gi ess to use one dollar of legal tender notes. It lias left in his discretion to use or not to use them, Congress Bimply gave Mr. Chase a variety of methods for wising money to select fiom, and Congress at the same timo lift the choico of using any ono or nil of them entirely to him. Mr. Chase, therefore, stands imminently forward as tho real cause of all cur present cuirency troubles, and the author blight the iuir paradise of this once happy i,nd prosporous community. If the Sccretaiy of the Tieusury could plead that this ebsos tious papei money policy he has cooUy and deliberately chosen was necessary to aid ni I utting down the rebeUion, or that no other and better course of action was open to bim, then we should have not one syllable to uttei against him or hiB financial system. But Mr. Chase possesses no such pica. lu December, Janutuy, and February the World fiequently and earnestly (becauso we felt its iropoitance) pointed out tho simple remedy, which was to use no legal tender money but ceitificates of indebtedness for payments o! all conti acts, nnd the 60,0C0,000dol. of Trca tury 3 65 notes in lOdol. and 20dol. for bmaller pny ments. The official financial statement of ¡Mi. Chnse foi the quaitcr ending Juno 80, 1802, shows that the whole amount of legal fender notes used to that dato was i.8,020,000dol. If, then, the banking and floating loanable capital of tho loyal statei eould carry 08,020,000dol. of Government cer- tificates of indebtedness, or twclvemontlis II omises to pay, it is evident Mi. Chase would 1 ave îpceived m cash nUthcmoney he hasob Inined from the use of legal tender notes. Gold and silver ii ould then havo been par, and we should havo retained in uso for money oi currency in specie,' about 300,000,000dol) Foieign exchange would have ruled about 107} instead of laß, and the enterprise mut enpital of the people would havo been excited, to develope nitli energy tho resources and eemmerco of the nation, instead of gioping^ wildly in the timk, half paralysed by dread ot undefined evil.'The question is asked, " Why, then, does Mi, Chase not use theso certifieates of indebtedness, and withdraw gradually the large legal tender notes ns they aro paid in foe laxes, and then the premium on gold muit tcitamly decline?" Well, that is a question aeked ever siuco the legid tender notes wera i-sed. No answei has yet been given, but Ilia lime is not far distant when tho povcity-j stricken musses wiU demand and will insist upon an answei. i i THE PROGRESS OF THE WAR lil AMERICA. " 1 (FEOM TUE LIVISIIPOOL JIEItCURY, OCT. 28) ' The accounts from the seat of war on tho l'otomnc, brought by, the Europa, stato that the army of Gcneial M'Clcllnn has ad\nnccd into Virginia in two corps-one by way of nnrpei's Feiry and.Charleston,up the valley! of the Shenandoah ; the, other furthci north.i 1 y way of Shepheidstown. Tho corps, which advanced by nay of Charleston, nppcnis lo lo under the command of General M'Clcllau himself, whose head-quarters were at that! town, and whose advance lias two milcsi beyond that town. , This, portion of ther Federal army seems to havo met with no icsistance bcyoud slight skirmishing. But' fhe other corps, which advanced either to tuet bridge of the Potomac nt Shephcidsville, ot< beyond that bridge into tho Valley of Vir- ginia', is said'to havo encountered theCon , federates in force and to have retreated.* Whether this was done , after an ongagemeut, trto avoid ono does not appear, but the re-v tieat of this corps very seriously compromises the position of General M'Clellan's army at Charleston, unless it was dono by order of v General M'Clcllon, and for the purpose of laying open the flank and rear of the Confe- derate army to attack. The real significan«« I of-this movement is not at piesont clear, bitti' must very soon become so. , i I The raid of General Stuart's cavalry íuto Pennsylvania and Maryland Is not le» i scful, than brilliant.1 ïts ) march through > thpso states must have been, upwards of 10J , miles in length, and in the course of it tho | Confederates must have passed through inverai considerable towns, and havo spread » alarm, or excited sympathy, through a wulo r lange of country. In addition to this, they must "have crossed all the Unes of railway hy ?«hich General M'Clellan draws his supplier WqKnow that they did great damage to tho i bee at Chambcrsburg, and thoy would not | foil to do as much to the Baltimore and Ohm » line wherever they crossed it. In addition to Ibis", .they took back as many supplies, chiefly <'f clothing, as loaded 1,000 hoises. Appa- t rently thoy did not sustain any loss, andtlieir fCirJplcte success, as well as tho boldness ot f ll.e enterprise, will produce a very favourable effeet in their own ranks, and on unfavourable me in those of the enemy. ? , I ! The absence of clear ana definite accounts ; from Kentucky gives "rise to conclusions un- , favourable to tho Federals, who alono cxiulu have furnished us with such accounts from ' that quarter. There aro, again, rumours or. Federal successes in Kentucky, but them is , nothing official and nothing distinct as to ( time, place, »ntl circuj_tanceB. ' According te» Jho accounts from Frankfort, the capital of Kentucky, the Confederates havo taken thria times as many prisoners, and a much greater: quantity of supplies, in that neighbourko.il, than tho Federals ; and, according to the a 5 counts from Nashville, tho capital of T -li jiesseo, the Federal garrison of that place U shut in on every sido by the Confederate?, who are in large force around the city, an Í summoned it to surrender on Ihellth instant. ThcFedernl garrisonthonrefused to surrond'U', and weie said to bo able to defend tho city ; hut their success in doing BO must ultimately depend on tho power of General Buel to eui; his way to their assistance through tho ran'« of General Bragg's army and through tin States of Kentucky and Tennessee to N ish .ville. 1 At piesent that does not appear to b> probable. The letter of General Scott, the most di>. tinguished and experienced soldier i n Amurlc \, just published at New York, is itself a mili- tary ovont of great importance. It showi clearly that he regarded the conquest of tha South as practically impossible. Three cam- paigns, 300,000 mon, and three first- clasi generals, might, indeed, in his opinion, givj npaltifllsuccess; but even in that case tin ' country would havo to be held for genei atioa 1 1 hy large garrisons. In view of this frigbffrl I jiiospect, lio recommended a renewed aft'run!; at peace, on the basis pioposed by Mr. Cnfc tf-nden. of Kentucky, before the war com- menced; or, failing that, tho abandonnions of the South. This was General Scott's opinio l previous to the advance of M'Clellan's army ' on Richmond, and that misuiable fuilui« j mutt have strengthened that opinion. IV; publication of this fact at tho piesent t mi must produce a great offert, especially as it in pcifectly well known that Generals S nr, M'Clellan, nnd Halleck aie nil close fiit) 11 l-l and allies of each other. Tho letter of Gcmn i,l Scott would not havo been allowed to cn 111 out just before the elections if it had not l> ¡y\ ihoiight- dwirable to give a check to the w.u like fury of the Government. If anything else could cheek tho Govern- ment in its mad enreer it would bo the stUj oi its finances, as United States paper is miw depreciated to the cxtrnoidinnry extent of tlnrty-fwo per cent. For the last fortulghi tho rate of depiecintion has boon neailyoni» pjr cc nt. per day, and there is every reason to Hi lievo that it will not only continuo bul in- ciense. The Government is now compelled tj pjy a discount of thiity-two per cent, tu $16 its papor into circulation at all; and h-loo Christmas this thirty-two per cent, discount will probably be forty-two, if not fifty-two, per cent. What it will bo if the war sho ii I continuo for another year no one can ven- ture to say. THAT EVERLASTING NUISANCE.-It is g>uo lally admitted that the most troubles >-n 3 pests of colonial society, next to the mij ijuitocs, aro the goats. An exemplification n this was given je&tetday; in the polkc-c i irt, when a man named Jackson was biought ui foi defending his gai den enclosure agu i ist th< BO impoitinentmarauders. Jackhonbtutel that lie had an enclosed garden, but hil neighbour Campbell, going on the principio of free grass, and, if needs be, cabbages bv s -le> tion before hin voy, kept a herd of no f. vor than sixty goats, or rather more than ito Hil- son Crusoe lound convenient, when he lui n whole island to himself, and that thu iii 1 goats woro the tiouble of the whole ncighb >ui' hood. It would appeal that Jackson was mt iilono in mihfoitunc, for the police lmuisti,its stated that only_ that morning he found elevoa of these i"cgctaiian thieves in his own gurdon, and positively assmod the public that he woul I not plant another loot or seed in his gardoi till tim goat nuisance was abated. Is thor j not im act, or a bye-law of the coiporation, which can be enforced against the ownus ot these animals? Far be it from the wish of any right-minded man to deprive those who depend upon one or two goats' milk for an addition to the daily alimentary food nom the privilege of Keeping such animals , but liben we lind thom íeaied in flockb fo the extent of rixty by ono pioprietor, and when ?vic find that even tho police maglbtinto's garden is iuvadtd by a light detachment of devon, sent out piobably as skirmishers only, ive come to the conclusion that it is time tho provisions of the Town nnd Country Police Act wero put more stringently in force. Mount Alexander Mail, Jan 10. 'i'liK WHITE FLAT.-There are a few nooks und torners in the Bhallow ground in tho im- mediate vicinity of Ballarat from which tho miners can yet obtain fair remuneration for their labour. At Sunny Comer, for instance, at the end of the White Flat, a few peisever ing ones have been doing a quiet and com- fortable thing for some months past. Tho Hat alongside the creole, which in olden times vins looked upon as a "duffer," now asserts its claim to a placo in the list of payable auri lerouB regions. Mesbrs. Renner and party, who have dwelt in that sunny spot for nearly two year», gave it n thorough prospecting, mid their, labours wore rewarded by a ?milo from the fickle goddess. For seine tluee months back they aveiftged ¡£3 per week per mau with, tub and cradle, in easy ten feet sinking; and another party averaged £A per week for about the same period ; a few others availed thomseIve3 ' of the opportunity piescntcd, and the ground which for so many years lay almost intact now looks-as if that part of old earth wero suffering from a cutaneous eruption. The Finking is first through about five foot of stiff I black clay, then a luj or of dark yellow sand, lying on a bad of gravel, in which, towards the bottom, largo masses of floating ice! are found. The washdirt resembles in appeaiance that taken norn some ot tho deep mines, except that tho boulders are not qnite so vvaterworn ; the gold istof a rough description and veiy de- ceptive in weight, what would be estimated at about six pennyweights according to the.avo íago lun turns out about half an ounce. Dullarat Star, Jan. 10. AnsoN.-On Wednesday, the 7th inst, on Mr. Johnston's faun, at Mount Prosptct, a Ino broke out in the middle of the stacks of wheat. The men wore at dinner, and Mr. Johnston within 200 or 800 yaids of tho spot, . altering a reaping-machine. Mr. Johnston [ perceived smoko uVing, and, while runuin-î- \ tow nrds it, .noticed"a mnngoing at full speed ( fioin the fire towards the'scutb, In Mr. i \ Quino's paddock, a log-fence caught iiic, an I [ ihiough the exertions of seveial noighbouis a ] j iv heat paddock, on the other side of the fence, ¡ w as saved fiom burnibg, by pulling down a poitionof the fence. Fortunately, theie wai no more than half nu acre of the whoat de i-tioyed. It went within a few yaids ot a lot of diy scrub on Messis Morgan and Quine's wound; if that lind caught, thero woul i have been n0 chance of saving some hundre I of ucies of" mons. Mi. Johnston has very , ¡.hong suspicions of tho man in question, Creswick Advcrtisci, Jan. 9. DESTRUCTION OP TUB LEXTON HOTLL BÍ Fian.-A íeport, based on good authority, icuched us last night, that the Loxton Hotel, Lexton, was destroyed by fne yesteiday ufcoi noon, about two o'clock. Wo tiust that thi intelligence is without foundation, but foai i lorn tho mass of smoke ascending in that; direction about that hour, that tho intelli- gence is too ti ue. The hotel, which wis wholly built Of wood, was, pcrhapb, tho linpst np the country, its ' eieotion and embellish- ment haviug cost no loss than £5,000. It was the pioperty of Mi. Hobeitson, a squatter; lieai tho Maiden Hill, and was lentcd hool him by a Mr. M'Donald a shoit timo'ago. , The original pioprietor was Mr. Mjhea, Tlu j cause of the mo is attributed to the high grass in the neighbourhood, which, being ignited by the bush-fires, spread to the building anl destioyed it-r-Talbot Leader, Jan. 9., FUIES-Ydstei day theio was a veiy largj in c between tho Malden* Hills and Burnbank. ' About one o'plock a largo body of black smoke aioBc m thati'direction. and during the after- noon it slowly tiavelled towaids the Pyionoes, w bei o a second fire, almost ns hugo, was burn- ing fiei eely.« To judge by the smoko, "we 1 would conclude that boniething moie'than I bush or trees'woro burning in the diicction of ! Maulen mus, but up to a lato horn last night ' we werounnblo to obtain anyMefinito infor- mation as to tho nature of the fue,-Talbot J eadcr, Jan. 91 ' ACCIDENT 1»: FIRE.-A serious accident ocelli red on the 81st of last-month. A servant gul named Rosenbeig, in the employ of a Climnman at Guildford, while placing s'orne ivood on a firo which was burning outiido, ,» incautiously went so near that hei crinoline taught file. In a, moment her diesflWiU in abla/o, and* but for the .timely hid ofjh¿r mistress, whojiappening to bo near, availed herself of some wet clothes which wero in a ', iMishiiiK-tub at hand, and thus managed to extinguish the flames, the poor creature rhust : have been burned to death. Her injurie* ara iery sovcie, hut, hopes aro entertained that »ho villl lccovcr.-Mount .Alexander Mail, Jan. 10. j . MmiNaAeciDENT.-Eaily yestordny morn- ing, u miner named John Allan met with a »(.tero accident at Montgomery's Hill, While cutting out a facing, a largo quantity of earth, gave way and fell upon him. He was imrae tlmtely extricated and conveyed to tho hos- pital, where, on examination by Dr. Hutchin- son, it was found ho had recoived a frnctufe of the collar-bone, and other injuries of ¡the ; «V'st. His left knon-ioinr is ..I«A ¡ni,.» ii |rj ?".««'.I .UnaiiAr M<n',Juu. 10. -' J 