KOORIN-GA. [Correspondent 1 December 24. Old merry Christmas is once more on the eve, much, to the delight of son and sire — a time of all others the most festive to all, especially to the juveniles, who have been dismissed from, their schools to enjoy a few days' sport and recreation. But it is alike a time of joviality aad pleasure to those more advanced in years, and I think that at no previous Christmas were there more means of gratification marked out than at this. The Primitive Methodists commenced their Sabbath-school anniversary services on Sunday, which I believe will be brought to a ter mination on Christmas Day. The Wes'eyans have been holding their annual missionary meetings in some of their chapels this week, but the monster meeting has not yet been held. I may also state that the annual soiree of the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Association is to take place on Monday next, which wiE no doubt prove a very interesting meeting, as there will be several poems, dialogues, &c.; recited, two prize essays read, and several pieces of music performed by the juvenile choir; led by Mr. A. H. Forder, on the harmonium. I believe too, that the Bible Christians will have some special services in their place of worship during the Christmas. I have not heard how the nr.W denominations purpose spending their Christmas. While there is so much pleasure in Btore for the religious part of the community, our citizens are not without their usual sports in the shape of races, &e.;, and some good racing is anticipated -T but besides all these means of pastime, I understand that a great many of our people have arranged for excursion trips, so that nearly all the horses and carts in the neigh bourhood have been engaged. Really the B urra folks are beginning to follow in the train of other places. me weatuer is most delightful. There was a very serious and yet interesting case heard at the Local Court on Wednesday. Mr. A. Cole, of the firm of Cole. Tiver. & Cole, was fihuiwrl hv Mr. Hallett with killing some of his (Mr. Hallett's) sheep. The trial lasted some hours, and was listened to by a pretty full Court with much interest — I say with much interest, for Mr. Cole is known as one of the most respectable, strightforward, honest, and up right men in the neighbourhood — a man whom no one would refuse to trust with anything. The charge is preferred on the evidence of a man, a shepherd, named Netherly. The trial resulted in Mr. Cole's being committed for trial at the Supreme Court. On the game day, by the informa tion of the Ranger, Messrs. Riggs and Stephens were fined £5 each for illegally depasturing sheep, and Mr. Broad was fined £10 for a similar offence. I have been informed by a gentleman who came down from Mount Remarkable on Tuesday that there was a most destructive bushfire raging furiously near the Mount, which he considers was quite twelve miles wide, and was, he said, running at a furious rate, so that a terrible result may be antici pated. Last week an inquest was held at Mount Bryan on a fire which took place there a few days previous, and consumed 25 miles of grass. No clue could be found as to the origin of the fire, but the Jury, which consisted of 14, were unanimously ia of the opinion that it arose from carelessness, and. returned a verdict to that effect. 