FIRES. DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES.—Kyneton and the surrounding district was, on Wednesday visited by a fierce hot wind, which amounted to a positive hurricane. The storm was at its height about two p.m. The smoke from bush fires was seen scudding before the wind in various directions; indeed, the town might be said to be surrounded by bush fires. Several old colonists say that it was the hottest and most stormy day since the celebrated "Black Thurs- day." A bush fire raged with great fury in the neighbourhood of Bald Hill. It appears to have had its origin, about one o'clock, in the carelessness of some fencers, who were fencing Mrs. Swinton's paddock. It ran rapidly along the fences, and the dry grass soon left bare McCarthy's, Dalliston's, Darby's, Argyle's, and Halliday's paddocks, and did considerable damage to the surround- ing crops, especially those of Messrs. Darby and Crawford—the former losing four acres of very fine crops, which had been reaped and stooked. We hear that the horses and cattle in the various paddocks escaped. It is diffi- cult to obtain accurate information as to the amount of damage done. Some declare that no less than thirty acres of oats have been destroyed. Mr. Timothy McCarthy's loss is estimated at £150; for not only is his grass destroyed, but a small house in the paddock, and some fifty tons of split firewood, together with all the fences, have been totally de- stroyed. Between seven and eight o'clock the fire spread a lurid glare over the whole of the north-eastern horizon, but a sharp fall of rain, accompanied by a lull in the storm of wind, soon led to the subduing of the wide- spread conflagration. A portion of Mr. Dowsett's crop, near the railway, was ac- cidentally fired on the same day by the sparks from a passing locomotive engine. It was, however, soon subdued. A con- siderable bush fire also raged at some distance from Kyneton, in the direction of Kangaroo Creek. We have not received any particulars from that quarter. The total loss from bush fires during the past fortnight in this district must be very considerable. Every care and precaution should be taken to avert such conflagrations. We hear that Messrs. Ewart and Shepherdson's Saw-mills, situated in the Seven-mile Forest, were destroyed by a bush fire on Wednesday. The water-wheel was saved by the water being turned upon it, and the steam-engine was also got out. Several cottages adjacent to the mill were destroyed. Accounts have reached us of the destruction of some 800 acres of various crops on the Loddon, belonging to Mr. Bryden. The bush fires in the Kyneton district are still raging : even as we go to press, pillars of smoke may be seen rising in different quarters. —Kyneton Guardian, Jan. 3, FIRE AND LOSS OF LIFE AT EPSOM.—A fire took place on Saturday night, about nine o'clock, at the house of a miner named Duncalf, living on Epsom or Cemetery-flat, near the Old Epsom Reef, which resulted in the death of one of his children, a girl about three years old. About the hour named Mrs. Duncalf was doing something outside her house, where a fire was lighted, and in a very short time after leaving the house was horrified on returning to find it in flames. She succeeded in getting out all the children, who were undressed ready for bed, except an unfortunate little one, who had been in bed some time previous; and whether this circumstance in the confusion of the mo- ment was forgotten, we could not ascer- tain; but when it was known, ingress to the interior through the flames was impossible, and it was only by break- ing down some of the slabs next the bed in which the poor child lay that she was dragged through, fearfully burned, and suffer- ing intense agony. Dr. Wall arrived imme- diately after her rescue from the flames, but from the severe nature of the injuries re- ceived, pronounced recovery hopeless. He had the child placed in a warm bath to allay the pain, and other remedies were applied in vain. She only survived about two hours, and it was almost a relief to find that the poor child had been released from the torture under which she suffered. Dr. Cheyne was in attendance, but the child was dead when he arrived. Immediately on the fire being seen from the White Hills two water- carts pro- ceeded to the spot, but arrived too late to be of service—the work of destruction had been too rapid. The house was built of slab and can- vas, and from the dryness of the weather burned like pasteboard. The origin of the fire was not known, but is conjectured to have been caused by a spark from the fire out- side alighting on the canvas or calico roof. So rapid were the flames that nothing was saved from the fire—furniture, clothes, and all their effects were destroyed, leaving a large family destitute and houseless. Too much praise cannot be accorded to Mr. Goyne, store- keeper, of the White- hills, who, on arriving at the scene, and seeing the wreck, and ruin, and suffering, immediately procured from his store wine and such other necessaries as were needed; and also to Mr. Baker, of the White- hills, who supplied clothing for the immediate wants of the family, on hearing of their loss. Constable Black, of the White- hills, was promptly at the fire, and rendered every assistance to the sufferers. A subscription has been commenced to assist this now totally destitute family.—Bendigo Advertiser, Jan. 5. SAW-MILL DESTROYED.—On Wednesday night last, when writing the account of the bush fires in the neighbourhood of Smythes- dale, for Thursday's issue, we were in posses- sion of a rumour to the effect that Messrs. McGie Brothers' Edinburgh Saw-mill, had been burned down in the course of the day. But the report did not reach us through a channel which we considered reliable, or in sufficiently circumstantial form, and we re- frained from publishing such a serious disas- ter, hoping that the report of it might be un- founded, and the rather that Mr. McGie him- self had not received positive information of the occurrence at his residence in Scarsdale. But Thursday morning brought such informa- tion. Not only the mill itself, but all the stables and other subsidiary buildings, and fifteen adjoining cottages, in which the work- men resided, wore utterly destroyed, with nearly all their contents. Sawn timber to the value of £300 was also consumed. The manner of the burning, as described to us, was terribly sudden and rapid, and must have been a most picturesque spectacle. The mill, centre of a little hive of industry, was situated in a gully, at the base of a range of hills, and beyond the ridge, between that and Ross's Creek, about half a mile from the mill, the bush was on fire on Tuesday, but no fears were entertained for the mill, and on Wednesday work went on as usual. The men left off at the usual hour for dinner, but before resuming work, they were startled by seeing a fire advancing rapidly over the top of the adjacent ridge, and at once com- prehended the extreme danger of their situation. But they had not much time to think. In two, or at most three minutes, the fire was upon them, having swept down the hill side with the utmost velocity—an irre- sistible wave of fire. As the flames leapt from tree to tree, branches and limbs soon be- coming detached, rained burning to the ground; and altogether the scene was of the most fearfully striking character. The stables attached to the mill first caught fire; and as it was quite impossible to check the progress of the flames, the men exerted themselves in getting out the horses and bullocks, which they drove into the dam for safety. From the stables the fire rapidly extended to the mill and then to the cottages, all of which were quickly consumed, as has been said. Somo of the families managed to got their clothes and furniture out of their houses before they were burned down, but only to be afterwards consumed outside by the insatiable flames. A singular inci- dent now occurred. In the dam there are many old stumps, their heads above water, and as dry as tinder from the prolonged drought, and some logs floating about, also very dry on their upper surface. These were set on fire by burning branches falling from overhanging trees, and the dam itself seemed to be in a blaze. One consequence was, that the horses and cattle, driven into the dam for safety, became restless, and had to be driven away to a more sheltered spot. The mill con- tinued on fire all day and night, and all Thursday, although water was plentifully poured upon the machinery, in the hope that some portions of it might be saved from total destruction. Late yesterday afternoon, some portions of the building and the heaps of sawdust were still dully burning. The pro- perty destroyed was uninsured, and the loss to the Messrs. McGie will be something like £4,000. Their misfortune is greatly regretted in the town and district, where they are uni- versally esteemed. The loss to the workmen is also great. Besides being thrown out of employment by the disaster, they have lost every thing—houses, furniture, clothes, and most of them some extra provisions laid in for the enjoyment of New Year's Day. The loss is the greater that most of them are re- spectable married men, who had made for themselves comfortable homes and surrounded themselves with many little conveniences. One elderly couple, seeing their little all con- sumed, piteously begged to be permitted to die in the flames. So rapid was the progress of the fire that all the smaller domestic animals about the place—fowls, dogs, cats, goats, &c;, —were destroyed. Fortunately there was no loss of human, life, but this was only ascer- tained by a muster of the little community. It is seldom that such a distressing misfortune as this occurs, and it has caused a painful ex- citement in the district.—Grenville Advocate, Jan. 3. Hamilton.—Wednesday last was a day that will be long remembered round Hamilton. About nine o'clock in the morning, a strong hot wind began to blow, and continued to increase as the day progressed. By midday it was blowing a perfect gale, and as hot as a furnace. By two o'olock in the afternoon the whole town was enveloped in smoke, and it was quite evident that numerous and exten- sive fires were going on in several directions. They continued to burn during the whole afternoon, and their glare could be seen in all quarters after nightfall. We have, as yet, only an imperfect knowledge of the damage done, but we already know that it is very considerable. Many of the small farmers on the Grange Burn have been entirely burnt out, losing their crops, and in many instances having their fences completely destroyed. We are told that Messrs. Rankin, Lowrie, Forsyth, Walker, Spring, and McKinnon, are among the sufferers. Most of the runs in the neighbourhood have suffered to some extent, but we have not yet learnt of any very serious loss sustained by any squatter. The fires are said to have been originated by a man working on the Cavendish-road having left a fire burning near his tent while he was away at his work. It is really incredible that any man should be so culpably negligent. Here numbers of poor men will sustain abso- lute ruin, in some cases, from this gross act of negligence. Since writing the foregoing, several additional particulars have reached us of the disastrous conflagrations of Wednesday, from which it is evident that this is the most destructive fire which has taken place in this district for many years. The injury done to the surrounding stations is terrific, and cannot at present be nearly estimated. Mr. Swan had ten miles of fencing burnt, has lost eight acres of crop, the greater part of his run is burnt, and it was only with the greatest difficulty that the house and out-buildings were saved. Mr. Austin's station, Kanawalla, has probably suffered the most severely of any. We are told that all the log and brush fencing is destroyed, and the whole of the run burnt, the homestead having had a very narrow escape. Mr. Skeene's station and Strath- kellar have both suffered, but not so severely, but Mr. Henty on the Plains has fared very little better than Mr. Austin. A great part of the station has been burnt, and several buildings, including men's huts, and we be- lieve the woolshed, are destroyed. We also learn that in the direction of Mount Rouse, Messrs. Twomey and Hutton are heavy suf- ferers. The greatest commiseration is felt for poor farmers who are sufferers by this awful fire. Many of them have lost fencing, crops, houses, and everything, and are indeed com- pletely ruined. All on the Grange Burn, from Lanton Park to Hutchinson's Mill, are burnt out, and there is too much reason to believe that in the direc- tion of Penshurst a large number of the small farmers have been sufferers. We see by an advertisement it is proposed to raise a sub- sciption to assist those who have suffered to the greatest extent; and a public meeting is called for Tuesday next to organize measures for this purpose. We have no doubt the liberality of the public will be equal to the occasion, and that something will be done to alleviate the heaviest of the suffering. We understand that the encampment of the dis- tict surveyor was also entirely destroyed, and that Mr. Langford was very nearly killed in the fire. He was dragged by his assistant and cook from the burning tent in a state of complete insensibility, having been nearly suffocated by the smoke. Not a thing contained in the tents was saved. Every hour fresh news of disaster is arriving in Hamilton. We heard late last night that all the farms on the Wannon, as far as Quigley's, were burnt out.—Hamilton Spectator, Jan. 3. Daylesford.—We regret to record that, in addition to the destruction of the store of Mr. Tredinick, mentioned in our last, con- siderable damage has been done in other places. The value of the property destroyed by the late fire has been estimated at £1,20), and of this amount Messrs. Wheeler and Co. have sustained a loss of half the sum, which is covered by insurance. Mr. Tredinick, the owner of the store, is, however, an actual loser of about £600. On Wednesday afternoon a fire broke out on the Elevated Plains, at the old racecourse, which threatened considerable injury to the property of the small farmers in that neighbourhood. About a hundred men or more assembled, and with branches succeeded with great difficulty in beating the fee away. It then took a direction towards the junction of Sailors' Creek and Jim Crow Creek, and from there to Bryce's Flat, a number of men following its course and saving from destruc- tion a number of tents on the line of its de- vastating progress. In the darkness of night, the Elevated Plains presented a singular spectacle. Large tufts of grass remained alight, extending over a wide extent of the plain, which burned and flickered like the ??? of a great ??? At Spring Creek, also, wc near that a fire broke out, but a number of the inhabitants succeeded in extinguish- ing it without any damage being done. The most destructive fire of which we have heard, occured at Holcombe, the residence of J. Joseland, Esq., J.P. Shortly after din- ner-time on Wednesday, the fire, which had been burning in the neighbourhood, suddenly extended to Mr. Joseland's paddock, and in spite of prompt assistance, from thirty to forty acres of wheat were entirely destroyed. From there the fire extended to the farm occupied by Mr. Bryden, and destroyed over 800 acres of crops, principally barley and oats, and doing some damage to the machinery. By this time there were about 200 men rendering assistance, and by their exertions the fire only slightly touched the farms of Mr. Blackwell, Mr. Dyer, and Mrs. Dawson. Mr. Moore did not however escape so fortunately, all efforts having failed to prevent the extension of the flames in that direction, and fifty acres of wheat were speedily consumed. The wind then fortunately changed, and the fire was beaten out without further damage. A hun- dred men, however, remained on the watch all night, to render assistance in case of neces- sity. A fire also broke out at Mr. Orde's Upper Loddon Hotel, Glenlyon. The care- lessness of some travellers, in this instance, is known to have been the cause of the con- flagration, they having left without extin- guishing their camp fires. No great amount of damage was done, but considerable alarm prevailed for some time that the consequences would be most serious.—Daylesford Express, Jan. 5. Dunolly.—Bush fires have been raging for miles round this district during the early part of the week, at the rear of the hospital, and stretching away towards Murphy's-flat. A fearful couflagration was raging on Tuesday on the Cochrane's side of Mount Bealiba, the flames destroying everything in their course. The heat of Wednesday was most intense, and what with the bush fires, a fierce hot wind, and the air filled with dust, it was amongst the most uncomfortable days ever experienced in this township. The clouds threatened heavy rain, but, beyond a sharp shower and some thunder and lightning, which cooled the air for the nonce, the storm passed over lightly. A plentiful supply of water seems as far off as ever.—Express, Jan. 3. A Crop Endangered.—Henry Wilton and Robert Walker were yesterday arrested by Senior-constable Hurley, at the instance of James Thomson, Esq., J.P. It appeats that a trial of reaping machines was about to take place on Mr. Thomson's farm. The prisoners were among the spectators, sitting on the fence; they [had] either wilfully or accidentally dropped a match, which immediately fired the stubble, and it was only by using the most prompt aud energetic means that the fire was kept from reaching and destroying the whole of a very fine crop. The men will be brought up at the Police-court to-day. We suppose they will be proceeded against under 17 Vic., No. 8. The careless use of fire or any combustible body in the vicinity of crops, at this season, is a most reprehensible practice.—Kyneton Guardian, Jan. 3. Bush Fires.—During yesterday, a number of bush fires, generally common at this season of the year, were observable to the northward and to the north-east. Volumes of smoke rolled away from them by day, and at night their reflection was observable in the heavens to the northward. A very extensive bush fire was observed burning on Saturday on the other side of the Mount Alexander Ranges. —Bendigo Advertiser, Jan. 6. Eddington—A fearful and destructive fire occurred here on Wednesday afternoon, amongst the farms on the Deep Creek. Mr. Middleton states that about noon on that day, he heard the report of firearms, and shortly afterwards saw the bush on fire at some dis- tance from his farm. His neighbour (Mr. Rumball) and himself went to see what it was, when they met the fire rushing along in all its fury towards their farms. On return- ing home, such was the rapidity with which the fire had followed them, that all Mr. Mid- dleton had time to save was a few articles from the house and a horse and dray stand- ing harnessed in the yard. He has lost the whole of his crops, and everything else on the farm, amongst which was 1,200 bushels of grain threshed and bagged, and £12 worth of new bags. He estimates his loss at £500. Just as Mr. Middleton was leaving home he was informed that his machine, worth £500 was in danger on another farm. All the pro- perty on the Messrs. Rumball's farm was destroyed, including 400 bushels of grain. At nightfall the fire was still progressing, and fears were entertained that it would cross the Loddon.—Express, Jan. 5. Geelong.—No less than four large bush fires were visible from Lethbridge, in the direction of the Steiglitz Forest, on Saturday evening; and during the whole of yesterday a dense smoke enveloped the country to the westward. Along the Moorabool tho grass is, so dry that the slightest spark would set it in a blaze; and some portions of the river are so low that they look like a succession of shallow muddy water-holes, rather than a running stream.—Advertiser, Jan. 6. At Ballarat, a little before two o'clock this morning, a fire broke out in the upper storey of a stable at the rear of the Hit-or- Miss Hotel, Eureka-street, the said stable being owned by Mr. Crosbie. Suspicion at- taches itself to the circumstance, as it was not understood that any one slept in the stable: while Mr. Dyte, secretary to the Ballarat East Brigade, found ample ovidence that some one had been sleeping there. The Ballarat Bri- gade was soon on the spot, and by the aid of the first plug of the new Eureka-street water supply from the Gong Gong reservoir, managed to put out the fire without consuming the building.—Star, Jan. 5. Lal Lal.—About a week ago, by some un- explained accident, the long dry grass in the vicinity of the Lal Lal cascade was set on fire. This was speedily burned, and the fire extended down the shaggy sides of the ravine, destroying all the luxuriant vegetation a con- siderable way down the creek. Until this is renewed by next season's growth, Lal Lal will be shorn of a portion of its attraction.—Star, Jan. 6. Fire in a Boat.—A few days ago a boat be- longing to Mr. Archibald Owens, of Burrum- beet, was discovered to be on fire in the inside. There can be no doubt that the fire was the work of an incendiary, as some old rags, &c.;, were found in the boat at the time. The fire was extinguished by floating the boat into deep water and swamping it.—Star, Jan. 5. Castlemaine.—We regret to have to say that bush fires in this district are raging with increased intensity. From Kyneton to Castle- maine the land yesterday was almost literally a mass of flame, especially in the direction of the Green Hills, near Malmsbury, where, we are informed, a large extent of standing crops has been consumed. At ten o'clock last evening, the reflection from the clouds in that direction, as it appeared in Castlemaine, was as of a furnace. About two o'clock yesterday, a tremendous column of smoke appeared above the ranges dividing Forest from Fryer's Creek, and on the side of the latter. The cloud commenced on the western end of the ridge, and rapidly ran to the eastward. We expect to hear of much loss having been sustained at Fryer's Creek. Mount Alexander has been on fire for several days, and the local public will learn with re- gret that the dairy of Mr. Stack has been in- cluded within the destructive ravages of the flames. The grass in the vicinity of his land was set on fire—accidentally, of course, by the persons who picnicked there during the New- Year holidays. Mr. Stack endeavoured, by unremitting exertions, to extinguish the fire, but all his efforts were unavailing. Castle- maine yesterday evening seemed to be sur- rounded by a belt of fire, and the heat during the day was intense. A due north wind blew from sunrise up to four in the afternoon, when a sudden change occurred to the south-west and clouds of dust enveloped the town for fully an hour. The thermometer reached 103deg. in the shade.—Mount Alexander Mail, Jan. 6. Carngham.—In our last issue we mentioned that a bush-fire was raging on Wednesday at Carngham, but were not able to give any particulars. We are now enabled to state the origin of the fire, and the extent of it. About nine a.m. on Wednesday, a German woman, resident on Bottle Hill, was cooking some cakes outside the house, when a spark from her fire ignited the grass. The flames spread with great rapidity, at the rate of several miles on hour, in a southerly direction. The houses of some other Germans narrowly escaped destruction. The tent of the com- mon herdsman was burned down. Several residents of Snake Valley hastened to the fire, hoping to arrest its progress and prevent its crossing the creek ; but though they worked well, their efforts were unavailing. The flames leapt the creek and reached the works of the Britannia Company, but did not do much damage, being kept back by the proprietors and some of the shareholders in the Result Company, whoso claim adjoins, and who, for their own preservation, worked vigorously to subdue the fire. Only some waste timber was consumed. The flames being checked in their advance at this point, spread in a westerly direction, and burned down a store and some Chinamen's cottages at Hard Hills.—Smythesdale Advocate, Jan. 3. 