BUSHMAN'S AUSTRALIAN TALES. FRANK FENTON THE VILLAGE SCHOOLMASTER. (Written expressly for the Queanbeyan Age) WHAT thrilling memories are awakened in our minds at the name of the VILLAGE SCHOOL- MASTER !-- memories of bygone plea sures now strewn in the rugged track of time ;--memories of the bright and sunny days of childhood--of the days when, with hopeful, joyous hearts, we roamed the merry woodlands, chasing brilliant,many-hued butterflies through flower-spangled dells, or trod the tan gled brakes in quest of birds'-nests. In later times, when smarting under the rough knocks of every- day life the toil-worn mind often wanders back to those happy hours, and fondly lin gers amidst the treasured scenes of early days. Even now, in fancy, once more we sit at the ink-stained cedar desk; beneath the bark-covered roof of the old wooden school-house, where erst with palpitating hearts we conned our dreaded tasks, and watch again with awe the Village Schoolmaster as he sits behind his little desk with bent brow and stern look, chiding some tiny truant for his waywardness. We remember still the look of sadness which often overclouded his always curious countenance, as with dreamy expression he seemed to gaze through the dingy window of the tottering school-house at the wide expanse of forest spread out before him, thinking perchance of the days when he, too, was a merry schoolboy, and played the happy hours away in some verdant valley of his distant island-home. As one of those monitors of our early youth had more tharn an ordinary in- terest attached to him, we will, with the reader's kind permission, try and give a faint outline of the leading in- cidents in his chequered life Most of our bush schoolmasters are men who (to use a common expression) have 'seen better days" being, gene rally speaking, the sons of needy gen tlemen or well-to-do tradesmen in the old country. As a class, they are well educated, but unfortunately are not fitted for colonists; never having worked at manual labour in their na tive land, they cannot adapt them selves to the rough usages of colonial life. To this class of persons belonged Frank Fenton, the schoolmaster of one of the small townships of woody Camden. Frank was the second son of a wealthy land-owner in Britain, and had originally been intended for the church, but through unsteadiness of purpose was thought unfitted for the sacred office. After renouncing all thoughts of the church as a voca tion, Frank's mind became very un settled as to which of the professions he would adopt as a means of sup port, his father's means being too limited to allow of his portioning him off with annything like a sufficiency to uphold himn in the station his birth entitled him to. The same reasons which had prevented Frank from en tering holy orders kept his mind wa vering in a state of uncertainty as to his future conduct. His father, too, being, like Frank, of an easy, careless temperament, never having had occa sion to exert himself through life, as he had inherited an ample fortune from his father, dreamed not of giving an impetus to Frank's lagging ener gies, being only too glad to have the pleasure of his society, as he was passionately fond of him. From in fancy upwards he had stood in the relation of father and mother, too, to Frank, Mrs. Fenton having died when the latter was but three months old. Thus it happened, that as time passed by Frank was still to be found loiter ing his time away about his native town, shooting and angling being his chief amusements. His elder bro- ther all this time was away on the continent, travelling to finish his studies and improve his mind before finally settling down at home on the paternal estate. Frank had attained his twentieth year, when Mr. Hilton, an old friend of Mr. Fenton's, accompanied by his only daughter, arrived in England from one of the British colonies. The two old gentlemen had been playmates in boyhood but were parted in early life; James Hilton having received an appointment in a mercantile estab lishment in Canada shortly after leav ing college. Upon Mr. Hilton's return to England, the two old friends were not long in renewing their origi nal intimacy, and old Mr. Hilton having purchased the adjoining estate to Mr. Fenton's, they once more be came inseparable companions. This was a new, and pleasant era in Frank Fenton's hitherto lazy monotonous life. After leaving Oxforid, Frank had seldom wandered farther than the precincts of his father's estate; the old gentleman, being partially an in valid, monopolised the greater part of Frank's time in attendance on him and as they seldom received visitors, Frank, up to the present period rarely had the pleasure and advantages of female society. All at once Frank lost all taste for his former amuse ments, and gave huiself up wholly to the enjoyment of Mary Hilton's com pany. Through the long summer evenings; while the two old gentlemen where at home, pleasantly whiling the time away with reminiscences of for mer days,: the youthful pair were to be seen slowly saunteringa arm in arm through the clover meadows or down the shady avenues, listening to the joyous carols of the song-birds. Every thing around them conduced to love; all nature seemed full of life and beauty. On every side, from earth's flowery carpet arose the sweet incense of the primroses and glittering daisies, comminglinig with myriads of other floral gems; the blooming hedgerows were luminous with their teeming tri butes of scarlet-blushing berries, coyly peeping out from among the deep green drooping leaves of the haw thorns; from every coppice and thicket gushed forth the sweet, clear carols of the blackbird and the thrush, making the air melodious with their songs. It would be an impossibility for two young, unfettered hearts to remain long in commune amongst the beauti ful of Nature without reciprocating the pure and holy passion of love; and so our hero and heroine found it. Long before the waning days of au- tumn proclaimed the nigh approach of hoary old Winter, with his pendant icicles and keen north blast, they we're betrothed to each other. Frank was not long in consulting his father as to his future conduct in regard to Miss Hilton; he briefly acquainted him, with what had passed between him and Mary. Old Mr. Fenton listened attentively to Frank's narrative, and when he had finished, shook his head, saying, " It will not do, Frank. Do not be pre mature in proposing for Miss Hilton's hand; for, to tell you the plain truth, I don't think her father, under your present circumstances, would consent to your marriage with his daughter. For you know well enough, my dear boy, that in a worldly point of view, you are not an eligible match for Miss Hilton; as, unfortunately, on account of the family estates being entailed, it is out of my power to make any set tlement on you. Besides, Frank, you have no profession by which you might push your way through the world. Certainly, Mr. Hilton is pos sessed of considerable wealth, and Mary is his only daughter; but then, again, I know that Hilton, like many others who have been the architects of their own fortunes, places great store on his wealth; and from the general tenor of his conversation, I fancy that he expects a more than ordinary match for his daughter. He knows that, after my death, your brother George inherits the family estates; and as he has often asked me when I expect him home, I rather suspect, that he has George in view for a son-in-law." Poor Frank appeared quite crest fallen when his father had concluded ; he was hurled all at once, as it were, from the highest pinnacle of hope to the lowest depths of despair. To add to his misery, Mary was absent at the time on a visit to her aunt's in Devonshire, and would not return for several weeks. Mr. Fentonl felt quite: grieved at seeing his son's misery, as the poor fellowi would sit for hours gloomily brooding over his, discomfiture. At length, to put an end to his suspense, the old gentleman came to the con clusion that he would sound Hilton on the. subject - and see if they could come to any arrangement in the mat ter. Acting on the impulse of the moment, he immediately forwarded a note to Mr Hilton, requesting the favour of his company to dinner. After dinner the two old men conversed for a considerable time about the boy- ish; pranks of their youthful days and as Hilton seemed to be in a state of more than ordinary good humour, Fenton thought it was a favourable time toi broach the subject of the pro jected marriage of Frank and Mary. "Yes, Hilton' said Fenton, in answer to some remark made by the other, "those were jolly days indeed, that you speak of. In your company, old friend, I seem to grow young again. I fancy I re-live those youth ful, happy days. Long, long aftcr you left England I missed your plea- sant companionship. Gladly ,would I have sacrificed half 'my fortune to have kept you in England; but between ourselves, old fellow, you were always as proud as Lucifer , as far as pecu niary obligations were concerned; you 'immediately took fire at the bare mention of my assisting .you in any way." During the time Mr. Fenton was speaking, Hilton moved uneasily in his chair. From Fenton's fidgetty man- ner, at the commencement of the con versation, he had a presentiment of what 'was' coming. For some time past he had noticed the growing at tachment between the young people ; in fact; Mary's visit to her aunt was pre-arranged between Mr. Hilton and his sister, of whom he had made a confidant. He had told her of the seeming intimacy between the youthful pair and of' his final intentions in regard to his daughter; for Mr. Fen ton had judged correctly as to Mr. Hilton's intentions of marrying his daughter to George. Hilton had dwelt on this idea until it had become the hobby of his life. He reasoned to himself, thus: " George Fenton inherits his father's estate, and as our two estates adjoin, if George marries Mary the united property will place my daughter on a par with the wealth- iest in the kingdom." We have said Mr. Hilton moved uneasily in the chair during the time Mr. Fenton was speaking, rightly conjecturing what was next coming. He was not long left in suspense. After making a sui table reply to Mr. Fenton's harangue, Hilton tried to change the conversation to other subjects; but, Fenton having once started, was not to be put off so easily. After beating about the bush for a time, Fenton broached the subject by, saying-" I am very glad, dear Hlilton, you have accepted my invitation to- day, as I have something very parti cular to say to you. My son has lately acquainted me with the fact, that he is deeply smitten with your daughter; he also affirms that, to the best of his belief, his passion is re turned. Knowing that my son, in a pecuniary point of view, is not an eli gible match for your daughter, I have done all in my power to dissuade him from it, but all to no purpose, as he still persists in his intention of ad dressing your daughter. Now, dear Hilton, as it would be a breach of confidence and honour on my part not to acquaint you of the affair, therefore I have taken the present- opportunity as a fitting time to lay the facts before you. At the same time, dear friend, without wishing to press any connexion of mine upon you, I would like very much to come to an amicable arrange ment with you in regard to your daughter and my son." "I am positive, dear Fenton," an- swered Hilton, " you will believe me when I say, that nothing in this world would give me greater pleasure than to see our two families united; still I could not for a moment think of giv ing my consent to the union of my daughter with your son, not altoge ther, from pecuniary motives do I Iraise thisr objection, although that motive alone has its due weight with me; my chief objection to their union, is, that I find your son greatly deficient in energy and steadiness of purpose'. As an instance of it, he has been loitering his time away here in these last two years --I believe that that time has elapsed since he left Oxford-- instead of adopting some profession, by which means he could achieve a position for himself in society; independant of all family connexions. You, must excuse me, Fenton if I speak plainly and to the purpose; but I find the case requires it and allow me to inform you that I have long since made up my mind that no drones shall ever thrive upon the hard gathered honey of my hive. On my leaving college I was placed in the same position as your son. I, too, could have con trived to live upon the bounty of others; but no, I would not stoop to such meanness. I left my native land, though sorely against my Will, and in a distantr country through many a long and weary year, toiled and worked my way upwards; until I attained sufficient wealth toi enable me to return to my country and spend my remaining days in comfort and opulence. I am very sorry that anything. should arise to disturb the harmony and good feeling that has hitherto existed between our families; but you will excuse me, my dear old firiend, if, however painiful it may be to my feelings, I decline the family connecton you have proposed. I also feel it my painful duty to re quest that all correspondence between my daughter and your son will hence forth cease." Fenton was silent for a short time after Hilton had finished speaking, at last he answered, "Although I was partly prepared for your present an- swer, Hilton, I will not for a moment deny that the picture you have just drawn of my son's incompetency has given me great pain. At the same time I cannot blame you for declining the connexion, and I quite agree with you in saying that it is better under present circumstances that the intimacy hitherto existing between Frank and Mary should cease at least until they have forgotten everything connected with their present tender connexion. To accomplish this, I will endeavour to persuade my son to leave England for a time: when it is to be hoped that change of scene and change of clime will eradicate any trace of his present passion for your daughter. In the meanhile I sincerely hope that Mary will have made a better match." After a little further conversation Mr. Hilton departed, inwardly vowing that, it would not be his fault if Frank and Mary ever met again--at any rate while she rcmiained single. To avoid this (what he considered) catastrophe, he inmmediately on reaching his home, despatched a letter to his sister, ac quainting her of what had passed, also requesting her to frame some excuse so as to detain Mary until after Frank's departure from England. In the meantime, Mr. Fenton had had a long cotversation with Frank in reference to what had passed between him and Mr. Hilton. Poor Frank was completely prostratcd on hearing the answer Mr. Hilton had given to his father's proposals; so much so, that he scarcely heeded his father when he proposed his leaving England for a time. After awhile he became calmer, when they discussed the matter be tween them, and it was finally deter mined that Frank should proceed, to Australia as soon as matters could be arranged for his departure. 'If Mix:.. Hilton had made up 'his mind ~to try and prevent a meeting between his daughter and. Frank; Frank, on' his part, was determined to see?, heri on" e more before he sailed. To accomplish this he therefore left 'lhomne, ostensibly for the purpose of ,:proceding to London to purchase a fewi articles of wearing apparel for the voyage; instead of which, he hastened to.the" part .of Devonshire in which :Mrs. Wilson (Mr. H-ilton's sister) residedd. 'He put up at a neighbouring inn for; a few days, until an opportu nity offered :of seeing Mary Hilton. Fortune favoured him in the present instance, as he met her returning from a friend's house two or three days after ,his ariiival 'in the village. :Poorr Mary was completely over mheilied with :sorrow when :Frank in foi med :hr of his projected` departure. Tlhey had ti long conrversation,- duriig :which he acquainted: her word for word iit? what hatd passed between theiri ffthetis. Mary tried to persuade liim' to remain in England, trusting that in Stime lhci fathier would softeii: towiards him. "But all her' entreaties eiri' un availing-':with Frbank; the remarklcs passed oimiliis conduct byc:iM;.. M iltoo'n :had sualk :leeply into his soil arid; he inwardly re:lived'. to: try an fid ri?edeem; his chairacti.r from the opprobrium cast uponit b?1,Mary'is farither: many protestations of love; theyi parted, both vowinig to be true: to each @:Uer 'until: they met again: As. soon, :as' Frank's .,preparations. were complileted, he sailed foi' Australia. It would, be only tiresome to describIi the ,vo~iyage ?thither, :'as :,we hlave done so ere 'thisi on otheir` occasions. Suffice it then;. to say, that Frank ar? rived in Melbourne, after- a long, and dIeairy, passage, ,:in Juline, 180.:: At thiat tiLmePort Philliiip, ni; the colony; of 'Victo'ia, ?ias but ::an infant settle ment : mere. wildceiess, .wit.sih i a fewi scattered' houses,s and ,,slabbed huts hereicand theie.: The'thoisands :ds of tons of virgin gold ithat:in after years tttiiactedia mnighty::populationi to' hei. shoies, still Ihiy deeply imbcdded in the. bowels :of the numerous woody' gullies and ranges o the interio';- the 'isale sons of' t'll Australian fo- I rests, .,inall the p.ide of native freedom, chased the bunuding kanga 0oos'and swift emnbus along the banks of old Bendigo's goidn stream; or slept- soundly beneath the shele' of their rude mia-mia's erccted in the ranges and the gold-teeming gullies; I little dreaming of 'tlieh-:ime when the ,hill-sides ivould ble sbdttcd with the white tents of a swairnaing host o·pale faces, and the sylvan, silence brioken with 'the miners' nfm?ry songs and the ceaseless clatteri of shl rocking cradles. All this has colYe tc~ pass since; and the puny, stragglibg settlement of Port Phillip lihs become a flourishing colony. Large towns and cities have sprung up in the centre of her vast forests; and she now bids fair to be come in time one of the brightest jew els in England's diaddi", The first thought that struck Frank on his arrival in Melbourne, was to retiru to England in .the same vessel he had arrived in; but upon second consideration, he thought he would uauke.the best of a bad bargain, and rcmain in the colony. lIc did not like to' return home and become a burden on his father once more. Shortly after his arrival in Melbourne he called on a merchant named W'Vat sou, a fl'iend of his father's, to whom he had a letterc of introduction. Upon intlrodlucig himi-e:lf to Mr. WVatson, I a0. a sun of Mr. l"unto; s, hle was re ceived v'eI'y wa'mly, and iiV', d to" take up his residence ut lihe rnerchanc's nhorse until. he had' arranged his future line of coniduct. Arriong the guests who visited Mr. Watson, was a gentleman named J.a. mieson, a squatter. This gentleman had lately arrived in Melbourne from Sydney, and was about forming a station on the Campaspie river. Fen ton soon became intimate with Jamie sen, who was an enthusiastic bushman, and was often in the habit of drawing glowing pictures of bush life, when in company; and having been an old fox-hunter when in England, a good exciting kangaroo or emeu chase was just the kind of amusement to suit him. But the cattle mustering time was his chief delight; then, for weeks together, he would be in the saddle collecting the strayed stock for brand ing and other purposes. It was an exciting spectacle to watch him at such times, in company with a party of young Australian stockmen, galloping headlong down the steep, thickly. timbered ranges, amongst the rough, jutting rocks and prostrate timber, in chase of the herds of wild cattle-a heavy fall at such times being only a subject for mirth with him and his companions. .Frank was easily persuaded by Ja mieson 'to join him in his contemplated eiiteil rise. Under favourable circum 'stances it is probable that he could nbot liavye invested the few hundred poiunds given him by his father on leaving England in a better manner tlian in pastoral pursuits;' but,' unfor. t·unately for our hero, Port Phillip, iA ,the two following seasons, was visited byV onie of those parching droughts :peculiar to Australia; every kind of hierbage disappeared beneath the fiery 'breath of the fierce north-wcst winds; rivers, creeks, and lagoons were dried tip, and along their pebbly and boul ider-stiewn beds, where once the clear ,waters meandered, hundreds of dead .and dying cattle, were scattered, poi ;soning the sultry, summer air with their putrid stench; by dtay the dark, heavy volumes of smoke caused by the ,numerous bush-fires floated in mid-air, in black curling masses, like huge plague-spots on the face of Nature, lending a still more sombre hue to the devastating scene, whilst the darkness of night was made lurid by the re flection of the burning forests; the screams of the affrighted night birds, nild the -ominous howl of the wild dogs, startled from their midnight feast fir away in the forests' depths, arose in the night-air like a wild wail 'from spir'it-land, mournfully chanting a saitd requiem over "expiring Nature. At the end of the second season, Fen ton arid Jamieson were ruined men; they had laid out all their cash in cattle to stock their station, and now the poor fellows had scarcely a beast left. (To be contined.) Not long ago two smart looking fellows entered a well-frequented public-house in the North Riding of Yorkshire, and calling for refreshment one of them says—" I'll bet you £10 you cannot do it for one hour." "I tell you I can," re plies the other man. The landlord hear ing this asked what was the cause of dis pute. "Only this," answered one of them: " I offer to bet him £10 that he cannot look at that clock for one hour, and move his head similar to the move ment of the pendulum and say, ' Here they go, there they go.'" "Done," says the soft host, " I cam do it." The money was put down, and mine host commenced his task. In a short time one of men took the £20 from the table, and went out. Boniface noticed this, but thinking it was a dodge to make him lose the money, went on, "Here they go, there they go." Shortly after the other man went out, but still went on the host. The landlady made her appear ance, and asked her mate if he was mad. No answer but "Here they go, there they go." At last the hour expired, and he cried out " I've won." But the silly man had lost ten pounds. They had gone. 