BLACK THURSDAY IN AUSTRALIA. A somewhat remarkable picture is now exhibiting at the Scandinavian Gallery in the Haymarket. It is the representation of a terrible episode in the annals of the colony of Victoria— the great bush- fire of Thursday, Gch February, 1851* Mr. William Howitt contributed an act count of tbe fearful disaster to Household Words, and probably many of the readers of that periodi cal still remember the thrilling narrative. Th Melbourne newspapers of tbe time describe the fire as extending over an emmense district. One says he rode for fifty miles with fire raging on each side of his route. Others describe toe flight of the terror- sticken birds, the kangaroos, and the domestic cattle and horses. Far out at sea the intense beat was felt, and wearied birds fell dead on the decks of the coaBting vessels. The settlers lost all tbeir property, and many barely escaped with their lives. Probably many perished. There were scenes such as none but dwellers in remote and wild lands can conceive. . No resource but sudden flight— a race with fire. To bait was to die ; and when tbe flames had spent their fury, the spots which a few hours before were cultivated settlements, were blackened patches, littered with smoky ruins and tbe scortched carcasses of the cattle and sheep which had formed the squater's W alth. Mr. W. Strutt, who long resided in Australia, and is familiar witb every aspect of colonial life, has undertaken to represent some of the apalling episodes of the great catastrophe ; and his work is now on view in tbe Scandinavian Gallery — rather out of place among the pictures by foreign artists. Had it won admission into the Royal- Academy, it would, we believe have attracted attention, by the expression of the figures more by the appalling interest of the subject, the earnestness of the attempt to depict it, and the reality of its local elements. The picture repre sents tbe flight of families of colonists from the advancing flame. One man carries before on an affrighted horse which, with distended nostril and bloodshot eye, plunges madly forward — his wife, and is closely followed by a native stockman who bears a child behind him. Bullock drays laden with women and children, are crowding in dire confusion. Tbe wretched beasts, with wild terror are urged on by the long stockwhips of the exci ted drivers. Some have fallen on the road, and while the men goad them to rise — themselves overcome with terror which has made the oxens anmanageable— the wretched families in the waggons gaze back, paralysed with fear, on the lurid clouds behind. Women on foot are drag ging children along the rugged road, nearly tram pled upon by the confused throng of fugitives ; oxen and sbeep, panting with thirst and fear, plunge over each other, or fall and are trodden under foot by the swift advance. On one side is a troop of horses, broken loose, or mercifully re leased to try the chance of flight, leaping with long bounds to escape the flames that their in stinct tells them are chasing them to the death ; and on the other are terrified kangaroos, their strange forms seen dimly through the hot mist. Flocks of affrighted birds — cranes, bright plum aged parrots, tbe 'native companion,' the 'laughing jackass' — are winging through the air, and some, failing of wing, are lying dead in the foreground of the picture. The panic stricken throng appears to be advancing towards the spectators. In the foreground are the frag ments of a broken dray and the skeletons of oxen, the relics of some former travellers on the dreary road ; and on the right of the picture the fresh traces of an encampment, which has been deserted, the tent blown away, and the few articles of household comfort exposed. There, in the very track of the fugitives, are the boxes and blankets, the books, the child's doll even, snd the fluttering parrot in the cage, which it was fondly hoped would be amongst the domestic goods and orna ments of the new home in the agony of extreme fear; all to be consumed by the ovsr-mastering flames. A chief merit of the performance lies in fidelity to the aspect of colonial life. The red shirts and cabbage-tree hats of tbe squatters, the lassoes loosely coiled around the horses' necks, the yokes of the drays, the kangroos, the birds, are all faithful copies from the originals. The pro per destination of this, to the Australians, reality historic picture, is the colony itself, where it shoud be preserved in any public collection as a 'memo rial of a terrible incident in colonial annals. As a glimpse of the visitations that befal our kith and kin abroad, it possesses for us an interest inde pendent ot its pictorial claims.— Weekly Dis patch, How to Put Posts in a Fenck. — It is a universal practice of the Maories, in putting posts in the ground for a post-andrail fence, to put tb-j post upside down — that is, with the ead that stood highest in nature in the ground; and they assert that posts so fixed will last a much longer time than posts put in in the usual manucr. As the aboriginal races ot most coun tries are usually right in all matters which spring from a minute observation of nature, those who are not.too proud|to learn from Maories may imitate this custom with advantage. News ha3 just been received by the British steamer Ethiop, newly arrived from the West Coast of Africa, that Jules Gerard, the Gordon Oumming of France, is in great health and force, and goiug to pass the rainy season atKouranko. His mission now, combined of course with sport, is to trace the source ol the Niger, according to his promise to the Geographical Society of Londo.i. As to his scientific success 1 can say little ; but his friends assure mo that he has had i ?' capital season with the lions,'' and that his 'bag,' wheu published in Europe, will crea'e -iuhe a sensation. — Paris Letter.^ # 