SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, 9th December. The trial of Ashley,- charged with the mar' der of his jsrife ia the bar of a public-house, took place to-day. He was found guilty of man slaughter, and sentenced to imprisonment for life. Large bush-fires are buming in the north. Parliament was prorogued to-day until' January next, when it will be dissolved. It is expected that the Vanquish, which went on shore at Cape Jervis, will become a total wreck. The decks have started, and it is not expected that any of the cargo will be saved. Arrived-J. TJ. A. Lorenzo, from- Paget Sound, with timber. Judging from the remarks made by Mr Bugin botham ia the House on Thursday evening, there is (says our Melbourne correspondent) an evident determination in the minda of the Ministers not ta permit their bill to be so altered in committee that its best friends would not know it. The appearance presented by the House whilst discussing thiB measure is a somewhat peculiar one, and the combi nations which will be presented in the division lists while the bill is progressing towards the Upper Honse, will be also strange. One thing the Ministry has endeavored to set before the country, that is, that the Upper House would throw out any measure of a more liberal tendency than that at present pro posed. The doubt as to who can be the successors of the present Ministry is the chief strength of the Treasury Benches, for such a scramble for possible vacancies was never before witnessed. Almost every man believes himself entitled to become 8 Minister of some kind or the other, and whilst they may agree to unite for the par pose of ousting the present Ministry, they would become like the famed cats of Kilkenny and turo round and worry each other immediately their pur I poses were secured. The simple fact is, that there is at the present time no coherent opposition; in fact, no opposition ia the strict sense of the tenn exists; and until some master spirit arises and suc ceeds in joining ¡the very heterogeneous and dissimi lar elements which now are supposed to make ur. ber Majesty's Opposition, the Ministry may rely ot a lengthy time of office. The inevitable Wemys Jobson again made hil appearance before the District Police Court, Mel' bourne, on Friday, as defendant io suits which wen brought against him by persons who had recovera verdicts on previous occasions. Verdicts were giver against that individual by Mr Hackett, who preside-; on the occasion. Scarcely had the echo of the werdi uttered by the worthy magistrate died awa; than Jobson in the most rude and uncalled-foi manner proceeded to lecture Mr Hackett foi having thus dared to decide against him. M Hackett at once put a stop to the nuisance by fininj Jobson £5 or forty-eight hours' imprisonment, fm having acted disrespectfully towards the Bench Jobson .at once became quiescent, and, after tb dosing of the Court, made au apology, and obtains the remission of the fine. Friday was the last day of term, and legal gentle men were admitted to practice as attorneys, viz, Messrs-James Skipp Borlase,*Henry Butler, Nichola Calarían, James Daly Emerson, Joseph H. Gibson Herbert T«unont, Monde! Emanuel Phillips, Jobi Charles Tamer, asd Jan><w Edward «ake. On gentleman, Mr O'Dee, was admitted to the bar. M Main also applied for admission. His affidavi ?bowed that he had been engaged as a schoolmastei and the Court reserved judgment on the applicatioi 