NEWS AND NOTES. The County Court will open this morning, in the Warden's Court-house. In another column will be found a list of the cases for trial. On Sunday afternoon a little boy about three years of age, son of Isaac Clark, a miner, fell into a deserted shaft about 15 feet deep, situated in Dyte's Parade. The accident was fortunately ob- served by William Simmons, a cabman, who imme- diately ran to the child's rescue, and succeeded in saving the little fellow from drowning. The water in the shaft was about nine feet in depth. The Eastern Council, at its meeting on Monday evening, passed a vote of thanks to the late Mayor for his services during his term of office. About four o'clock on Sunday afternoon flames were seen issuing from the chimney of Mr Divers' boot and shoe store in Albert street, Creswick; by some of the men in the employ of Mr Mader, baker, next door. A man named Brown immediately broke in Mr Divers' door, and with some others rushed in and soon extinguished the flames. It is believed that the fire was caused by a kerosene lamp, attached to a patent chicken incubator, having burst and set some inflammable materials in its vicinity, as also the chimney, on fire. The damage caused is com- paratively trifling, owing to the fire having been so soon discovered, otherwise, from the amount of valuable property contained in contiguous stores and houses, the consequences might have been most dis- astrous. At the Smythesdale Warden's Court, on Monday, before the Resident Warden, the following cases were called, viz.:- Shiel v Simpson, application to be put in possession of an abandoned share in the Planta- tagenet Company, Bull Dog; postponed for eight days. Magan v Craigie and party; no appearance. At the Smythesdale Police Court, on Monday, before the Police Magistrate, John Davis was charged with having been illegally on the premises of the Wheal Kitty Company, Scarsdale, between one and two o'clock on Sunday morning. J. Tonkin deposed that he was on watch and saw three men enter the machine-house, the prisoner being one of them. He saw one of them trying the two sluice- boxes that were inside. He then called up some of the share- holders who surrounded the works, but were only able to catch the prisoner. T. Horniman corrobo- rated a portion of the above evidence so far as regarded the capture; also as to finding scrapers and other tools on his person. The prisoner was sentenced to six months' hard labor in Ballarat gaol. About two hours afterwards the same shareholders caught a Chinaman on their ground, evidently bent on a similar errand. With him they took the law into their own hands, well greased him, and let him go. On Tuesday last an Italian named Guspari Lud- wig sustained a severe injury in the back through a portion of an old tree falling upon him whilst he was felling timber in the bush near Clunes. He was conveyed to the Creswick Hospital on Saturday, but it appears admission was denied him there owing to the want of room, and he was accordingly brought to the Ballarat Hospital and placed under treatment, when it was found that several of the bones of his spine had been displaced. He is at present in a very dangerous state, the only symptom in his favor being that his lower extremities are not paralysed as is the case in fractures of the spine. A special meeting of governors of and subscri- bers to the Ballarat Hospital will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Friday evening, at nine o'clock, to take into consideration "the advisability of petitioning the Governor in Council to incorporate the institution under the Hospitals and Charitable Institutions Act." The election of a member of the Western Council, in the room of Councillor Smith, resigned, will take place on the 7th December. A. meeting of the Turf Club will be held this evening in Craig's Hotel, to elect new members and receive entries for the spring races. It was decided at the meeting of the Eastern Council, on Monday evening, that both Councils should, on Monday next, fix the fees to be charged for stamping weights and measures, and also decide upon the salary of the Inspector. We may state that the Inspector is at present in Melbourne pro- curing a set of the standard weights and measures. The following cases were disposed of at the Western lock-up yesterday morning:- Thomas Jones, charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly, was fined 2s 6d, and ordered to pay 2s 6d cab hire for taking him to the lock-up. Two other tipplers, named William Maddren and Richard Cross, were fined 5s each, or the usual alternative of six hours' imprisonment. The population of Victoria is now computed at 596,529 persons ; or, 343,525 males, and 253,004 females. The increase during the quarter ending on the 30th September, 1864, was 8345 persons ; or, 4504 males, and 3841 females. The Anti-transportation Committee will meet this evening at Dodds' Buck's Head Hotel, for the disposal of some important business. The Ladies' Anti-transportation Committee will meet this afternoon in the Mechanics' Institute, when the despatch of the memorials for England will be discussed. There was no business done in the Warden's Court on Monday, and there will be none done on Wednesday, that day being a holiday. On Mon- day, the Warden, a constable, and three reporters were present, and nobody else. As no suitors ap- peared, all the cases on the list were struck out, and the Court adjourned till that day week. At the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, a woman of disreputable character, named Maria Elliott, was charged with having stolen £25 from one Edward Jones. The latter met the prisoner about two o'clock on Sunday morning in a hotel in Humffray street, and accompanied her home to her house in Mair street, where he stayed all night. In the morning he missed the money from among a roll of notes he had in his pocket the night before. The last time he counted the notes was about eight o'clock in the evening, being about six hours before he met the prisoner, and he then had £80 in his possession. When he met the prisoner he had the bundle as he believed all safe in his pocket, but he did not count it over until the morning, when he found that he had lost two £10 notes and a £5 note. The evidence for the prosecution having been gone into, the case was remanded for a week, to enable the prisoner to procure evidence in her defence. The contractors for the erection of the new St. Paul's Church have got well on with the founda- tions, and the greater part of the old church has been pulled down and the materials duly stacked for working up in the new building. The old school- house in Humffray street, which for years had served the purposes of a church and school, has been en- tirely cleared away to make room for the new church. A rather handsome new school-house has been erected on the reserve, at the eastern end of the late church, and the contractors, Messrs Gibson and Stubbs, are to have the place finished by the 4th December, at which time the congregation of St. Paul's will have to vacate the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, and will assemble in the new school-house. The new place is of wood, the ground plan being in T shape, and a tower at the northern end gives at once an indication of the use for which the building is intended. The school will be of lath and plaster inside, and will afford accommodation to as large, if not a larger number than could assemble in the late church. The teetotallers who have undertaken the man- agement of the purchase of the Theatre Royal, appear disposed to avoid too great publicity, and too great conflict of opinion. Having so far secured the property, the vesting it in trustees was the next important duty, and several efforts hare been made to come to some sort of settlement as to what shall be the provisions of the trust deed. This knotty business has already led to a little difficulty and some not very cordial expressions of difference of opinion among the promoters of the adventure. On Monday evening a general meeting of subscribers was con- vened for the purpose of further discussing the questions at issue, but having previously announced the exclusion of so many of the subscribers as were not teetotallers, the meeting on Monday night, be- fore entering upon business, proceeded to the exclu- sion of the reporters. There were about twenty-five persons present when our reporter entered the room and received the instructions for withdrawal, as the subscribers present deemed it undesirable to have the proceedings reported by the representatives of the public press. The hospital grounds are being ornamented and utilised in several ways just now, for the greater be- nefit of the institution, and the greater sightliness of the reserve. A large semi-rustic summerhouse has been erected in the middle of the grounds north of the hospital, where convalescents may be able to enjoy the fresh air without being exposed to rain or sun-heat. Prisoners from the gaol are also being employed in blasting rock and trenching ground for a kitchen garden, so that gradually the reserve will be made to look better and to be of some greater practical value to the institution. The first bush-fire of the season in this locality was visible on Monday evening. It appeared to be at the foot of Mount Warrenheip and to be of small extent. Mr Hamilton's lecture on Phrenology, in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday night, was rather largely attended, nearly 200 persons being present. That number, however, was not large enough to induce the lecturer to distribute gift prizes, and his resolve, not to do so appeared to be well re- ceived, an offer to give "three notes" being declined by the audience. Mr Hamilton had on the platform a great array of skulls and casts of skulls, and his disquistions on the several organs were mixed with enough of pleasant illustration to keep the attention well roused all through. At the close of the lecture several persons went on the platform and had their heads manipulated by the lecturer, whose descrip- tions of character were extremely critical, with so much of humor and qualifying remark as at the same time saved the patient from suffering much in his own estimation, even when the lecturer's strictures were most adverse to "self-esteem." In these lectures a good deal of discussion and suggestive remark is indulged in, and last evening Mr Hamilton took occasion to hint at the room for sanitary improvement in Ballarat, as also to express his warm approval of the propo- sitions in this journal for assistance being given to New South Wales in ridding that colony of its bushrangers. He said he had spent a good deal of time in New South Wales, and knew some mem- bers of the Government, and his opinion was, that a band of Victorian volunteers to hunt or shoot down the banditti of the sister colony, would not only soon get rid of the outlaws, but would be wel- comed by the Sydney Government, and be hand- somely rewarded. We are informed that the Early Closing Associa- tion intends to celebrate its anniversary this year by certain out-of-doors festivities, instead of the usual soiree. The Association seems hardly to be meeting with the support it deserves, but if those who are most affected by late shopping are lukewarm, it is not surprising if those indirectly concerned pay little heed to arguments or remonstrances. There will be a meeting of shop assistants this evening, at Armstrong's Camp Hotel, for the pur- pose of discussing the steps taken and to be taken in reference to the Friday half-holiday. A little ener- getic action just now will probably secure to the assistants, and masters too-for their interests are really one-the boon which is being sought. Mr Edwards' new boat, "The Idea," arrived from Melbourne yesterday, and was immediately for- warded to Lake Learmonth, it being entered for one of the matches at the regatta. In measurement it is about half a ton larger than Mr Moore's boat "The Gleam," and looks a very likely craft. We believe that Mr Moss's boat is finished and will be forwarded to the lake to-day. On Monday afternoon, a child nine years old sus- tained a compound fracture of the right leg, below the knee, through jumping out of a dray in Barkly street. The leg caught in one of the spokes of the wheel, and the child was thrown to the ground, caus- ing the injury described. A novelty in Ballarat was noticed on Sunday, in the shape of a stall at St Patrick's Roman Catholic Church, for the sale of books, crucifixes, and other articles vendable with members of that church. A similar provision for the accommodation of church- goers of that persuasion has for some time existed in Melbourne; and is usual in European towns. We (Argus) are informed that Mr H. M. Murphy, the newly-elected member of the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province, intends, on the assembling of Parliament, to move for a select committee to inquire into the qualifications of certain members of the Upper House. We learn from the Age that Roberts's final match at billiards with Lamb, played on Saturday night at the Albion Hotel, proved a very exciting one towards the close, and resulted in Lamb winning by fourteen points. Roberts, although scoring very fast at times, was evidently not up to his usual standard of play, while Lamb, towards the end of the game, played with unusual skill, making in one break upwards of seventy points. Roberts's greatest break did not amount to more than sixty, and at the most critical part of the game he played five successive breaks without scoring. It may be added that he had scored upwards of 600 before Lamb had added 200 to the 600 which the champion allowed him, and at that stage of the game Roberts was considered to be certain of winning. At the Supreme Court Sittings, on Saturday, an action was brought by Mr E. J. Crook, of Bacchus Marsh, against Mr Miller, an attorney, for slander. The evidence was very conclusive, and the defendant did not justify the language set out in the declara- tion. The plaintiff obtained £200 damages . 