GIPPS LAND AND ITS RESOURCES. No. II. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) In my former communication I mentioned that I would give you some account of the Gipps Land reefs. Before proceeding to do this, however, I must refer shortly to the ex- traordinary postal arrangements which exist in this district of the colony. From Donnelly's Creek, and the important reefs there, there is certainly a mail once a week to Sale and Rosedale, but there is no postal communica- tion between those two places and the gold- fields of the Jordan or Wood's Point. Any letters, therefore, intended for Gipps Land have to be first sent to Melbourne, and then on to Gipps Land. There may not be much occasion at present for opening postal com- munication between Gipps Land and the heads of the Jordan ; but as it has a powerful effect in developing the resources of localities as yet but little known, the Government should rather anticipate the wants of a dis- trict in this respect than wait, in a state of profound sleepiness until petitions and re- monstrances are sent forward by the neglected and indignant inhabitants. With this single exception of a weekly mail to Donnelly's Creek, near Mount Useful, there is no means of com- munication, unless by private hand, between the towns of Gipps Land and the various localities where mining is being carried on. The population at Stringer's Creek, which is about thirty miles north-west from Rosedale, have at present no mail, but they have organized a private mail, and one shilling is charged for each letter, in addition to the usual postage. By such means, however, no registered letters can be conveyed, and it is hard to say how much loss and suffering are occasioned to miners' families in consequence. This state of things is about to be altered in as blundering a manner as possible. Instead of putting on a mail between Rosedale and Stringer's Creek, which is by far the better route, it is to be put on between the Bald hill and the latter. The gross absurdity of this proposal is known to every one acquainted with the character of the road proposed to be travelled, on which there are long hills so steep that even an empty saddle slides for- ward upon the neck of a horse, and a creek impassable in winter which has to be crossed. But, independent of all this, the proposal to send a mail to Stringer's from the Bald-hill will leave just where they were, in isolation, all the miners, storekeepers, &c.;, about the Thom- son River, the Springs, and last, though not least, the proposed new township of Toorin- gabie. Great discontent prevails also in re- ference to the arrangements of existing mails. Some are made to arrive at one township just in time, as an Irishman would say, to be too late for that week's mail ; and, consequently, the letters and papers grace the pigeon-holes of the particular post-office till the following week. It must not be supposed that this result is arrived at through any fault of the contractors—it is due to the arrangements. In reference to this and many other errors in the times of arrival and departure of the mails, a petition has been sent to the Postmaster- General, whoever he may be, and if he reads it and attends to the suggestions offered, he will remove a good many causes of dissatis- faction. I shall now give you some account of the reefs of Gipps Land, and of the ranges where those now being worked are situated. Stringer's Creek reefs are those generally first visited by people coming overland from Mel- bourne. The road to Stringer's from Rose- dale passes for ten miles through an exceed- ingly well-grassed, openly-timbered country, the soil of which is in many places rich, but generally it is clayey, and the surface being flat and swampy, it cannot be considered first-class. The pasture is somewhat coarse. Like other parts of Gipps Land that I have already seen, it seems greatly understocked. In ten miles, a place with the detestable and paltry name of Tooringabie is reached. Here there is a supply of water from a small creek, and from its position at the foot of the ranges, it is, perhaps, yet destined to assume some import- ance. I believe the place has been selected as a site for a township, and the ground is expected to be soon surveyed and sold, and an opinion prevails that good prices will be realized. About three-quarters of a mile north of the proposed township, the traveller comes to gradually rising ranges, at the foot of which there is much quartz-drift; and I am inclined to believe that a careful exami- nation made here would lead to the conclu- sion that it lies on an ancient sea beach. As the hills are ascended, numerous bands of quartz rock appear on the surface, and for about six or eight miles the forma- tion is of clay slate, the vegetation consisting of ironbark and stringybark trees, very little scrub, and no grass. " The Springs" are reached in eight miles. Here there is a patch of good soil, of a chocolate colour, probably formed from porphyry, but none of the rock is visible. For five miles there is a sort of table land, with rocks of yellow and red, or ferruginous sandstone cropping out. This sandstone is, to all appearance, different in character from the sandstone and conglome- rate of the lower plains, and is, undoubtedly, more ancient. A careful examination of this table land might lead to the conclusion that it belongs to the old red sandstone, or Devonian formation, and hence coal might be found within its area. In six miles from the Springs, a patch of rich soil, densely covered in places with scrub and in others with grass, is passed, and the deep valley of the River Thomson is reached. Here there is a bridge, built by the residents of Stringer's Creek and the Government conjointly. Before reaching the river, and at an elevation of probably 300 or 400 feet above its present bed, and nearly on a level with the sandstone table land, numerous blocks of quartz, exceed- ingly waterworn, lie scattered about on the surface; but whether they have been so worn by the river once flowing at a higher level, or whether they belong to drift of the tertiary period, it would be difficult to say, but they appear more worn than river stones usually are. The Thomson, so far as I have ex- amined it upward, appears to divide generally the sandstone and sandstone conglomerate from the crystslline schists. From the Thomson to Stringer's Creek, a distance of about six miles, the cleared road or dray track—work done, again, by the miners and the Government conjointly— runs along the creek up an elevated range, and no road ever made a traveller " box the compass" more perfectly. There is a very long and steep descent to Stringer's Creek, which is a tributary of the Thomson, and nearly south in its course. On the steep side of its western bank, a few feet above the bed of the creek, is Cohen's Reef. This is a true reef. It varies from five to twelve feet in width, dips at a high angle into the long elevated range on the west, overlies clay slate, and underlies soft micaceous sandstone, and bears generally N. 20deg. W. It is said to have been traced and claims taken up for four miles to the north ; it has not been traced, however, to the south for more than three claims from the " prospecting" one. The creek makes a slight bend to the west at the end of claim No. 3 south, and the reef runs under the range on the left bank and is lost. In short, on carefully examining the reef in the open cutting of No. 3 south, in the bed of the creek, it will be noticed that the reef is there beginning to be split up, and divided by bands of clay slate— a circumstance which indicates either that no reef exists further south than the bed of the creek, or that it dips suddenly under the hill, and thence in a southern direction ; leaders only have come up from it to the crests of the lofty ranges. In reference to the richness of the quartz of Cohen's Beef, there is a great difference in this respect between the several claims. In some gold is easily found on examining the stone; and, as is often the case, in those where the reef is not so wide as in others the quartz is richer. At the time I visited the reef no crushing had taken place. I found some of the claimholders did not expect the stone to yield more than an ounce to the ton—a quantity which, however small it may appear, would pay them well when the great facilities that exist for getting out large quantities of quartz are taken into account ; but as iron pyrites abounded in the quartz, I expressed an opinion that the stone about to be first crushed would probably yield two ounces. This refers to the quartz of No. 1 south, where the reef is twelve feet wide. I have just learned that the yield is nearly what I anticipated ; but it cannot be said that a fair trial has yet been made, for from the want of skill in the management of the battery some of the quicksilver had been carried away, and was found afterwards in the tailings. Of course it may be concluded that fine gold has been lost, both in a state of amalgam with the quicksilver and otherwise. Too little skill and too much drink produce the worst results. Drink seems to be one of the worst of curses at Stringer's Creek. A number of men may be seen all day long playing at quoits in front of the shanties and public-houses. All the hills or ranges in the neighbour- hood of Stringer's Creek consist either of clay slate or sandstone. In some places, both are highly indurated. Where the sandstone is soft, a good soil has been formed, and it is covered either with scrub or, where bush-fires have destroyed the scrub, with grass and strong weeds. I may, in conclusion, remark that I have hitherto understood that Mount Useful was a hill of conglomerate. Such, however, is not the case. Masses of conglomerate exist on its flanks, but the western half of the mountain is composed of clay slate, nearly in a vertical position, and trending N. 42deg. W. ; whilst the eastern and more elevated half is com- posed of basaltic rock. But I must leave till another opportunity a description of this locality, and of the reefs of the neighbour- hood, so far as I have yet examined them. 