-=-* LEGISLATIVE ASßEMBLY. Wednesday, Mabch 8. .ThcStEAKEE took the chair at half-past four o'clock. NOTICES OF Q0ESÎION3. Mr. HARBISON gave notice that, next day, he would ask the Treasurer if previous to any negotiations committing the Govern- ment to any further railway expenditure, the sense of the Hou=e would be taken on the subject. Mr. RIDDELL gave notice that, next day, lie would ask the Commissioner of Railways if he had considered the desirability of issuing ' «xcursion tickets at single fares to Ballarat on the occasion of the National Agricultural Show on the 15th inst. KOTIOES OP MOTION. Mr. ZEAL gave notice that, next day, he would move that the House go into com- mittee on tho following day, to consider the propriety of askiDg His Excellency to put £500 on the Additional Estimates for the relief of the sufferers by the late bush fires in the Cas- tlemaine district. Mr. CASEY gave notice that, next day, he would move for a return of the number of cases adjudicated upon by each police magis- trate during 1804; also, for copies of all cor- respondence between the Imperial authorities, Commauder Cox, R.N.. and the Government, respecting the providing of a Bteamor for survey purposes. Mr. LONGMORE gave notice that, next day, he would move "That aB there Ib no probability that the Lind Act Amendment Bill will paeB in time for the purposes of agricultural settlers, the Government be re quested to frame regulations for the purpose of plaoing the public on the landa of the colony, under the 53rd section of the Land Act 1862." Mr. VERDON gave notice that, next day, lie would move that the House go into com- mittee on Tuesday next, to consider the Go ver noi's message recommending that provision be made for the interest upon a loan of £600,000 for the completion of the national railways. Mr. SANDS gave notice that, next day, he would move for returns showing the moneys realized by the sale of public town and suburban lands at Kyneton. Mr. GREEVES gave notice that, next day, be would move for an abstract of all corres- pondence between the Melbourne Corporation and the Government respecting the public land in and mar the city. Mr. HOWARD gave notice that, next day, he would movo the Huubo into committeo to consider the propriety of asking His Excel- lency the Governor to place £4,000 on the Estimates for 18G5, to ne paid to the late , Postmaster-General, Dr. Evans, in lieu of his ' claim to a pension. Mr. VALE gave notice that, next day, ho would ask the Government if they intended to recommend to this Howe any scheme for the amelioration of tha,wide-spread distress occasioned by the late bush-fires. rUItOHASE OP TUB ESSENDON BAILWAY. Mr. RICHARDSON asked the Commis- sioner of Railways, without notice, if there was any possibility of the Government being able to enter into arrangements for the pur- chase of tho Essendon Railway, without the sanction of the Assembly being asked for ? He pnt this question because it was reported in the newspapers that the representative of the Government in the Upper House had an- nounced the probability of arrangements for the purchase being effected. He believed that that House should have full powers of dis- cussion before the Government wero pledged to the purchase of such an abortive scheme (bear, hear) as the one in question. Mr. FRANCIS replied that there had bsen long communication between the Essendon Railway Company and the Government on this subject. The inhabitants of thatdistrict had memorialised and deputations had waited on the Government to urge the consideration of propositions the effect of which was the purchase of the line. The demands of the company wore however at first so high as to put the matter out of reason, but since an offer had been made which in the opinion of the Railway department was so reasonable as to afford a probability of ita favourable con- sideration by Parliament. The last proposi- tion of the company mentioned a maximum and minimum amounts of purchase money, leaving a margin for arbitration ; but bäfore anything could be done the scheme muBt be submitted to the House, and full opportunity given for discussion. ESSAYS ON SCAB AND PLEURO PNEUMONIA. Mr. L. L. SMITH asked the Chief Secretary what action had been taken, in respect to the competitive essays on scab and pleuro-pneu monia ; who were the judges appointed ; and when would the decision of the judges be made known. Mr. M CULLOCH replied that Dr. Rowe, Mr. Snodgrass, and Mr. Fairbairn had been appointed, but he could not Bay when thoir decision would be given. Three essays had been sent in. LOWEKING THE YABBA FALLS, Mr. COHEN asked the Commissioner of Public Works, whether he would cause the Falls on the River Yaira, below Prlnce's bridge, to be lowered four feet, so a3 to pre- vent in a measure the injury sustained by the laurease of Hoods caused by the river being kept back by the said Falls. Hu said he be- lieved the commission appointed by the Go , vsrnment to inquire into the beat means of avoiding future floods, had reported that so large a £um of money would be required that it would be very many years befoie such a schemu would bo carried out. In the mean- time, it was the opinion ol himself and others that, if the river could ba brought down to its old level by lowering the tails four feet, the disasters recently experienced would bo obviated in the future. His belief I was that lowering the falls thus, and a sories of culverts in the direction of the Immigrants' Home, would remove the difficulty altogether without the expenditure of any very large sum. Mr. SULLIVAN said the expenditure of the large sum recommended by tbo. commis sion appointed by the Government for the purpose was entirely out of the question. (Hear.) Another and a smaller -chemo had been propounded, and was under considera- tion ; and it was the intention of the Govern- ment to adopt that or any plan of a less expensive character that could be brought forward, putting the necetsary amount, Bay some £18,000 or £20,000 on the Estimates. le was folly to suppose that the House would ever give sanction to an expenditure so large aa that recommended by the commission. (Hear, hear.) ;The lowering the falls was part of the smaller scheme contemplated. Mr. COHEN did not think his question had been answered. Heavy rains might b3 looked for soon, and for £300 all that he wanted, and believed need be wanted, could be dono. Prompt action might be of somo good, but If there was any waiting to carry out the re- commendations of the commission, it would , be long before anything was done. « Mr. SULLIVAN believed the question was answered. He wis not prepared to say yes to the bon. member. In the first place, the1 Government had got no money, and as to , waiting, the hon. member must wait till the Estimates wero voted. Besides, what the hon. . member contemplated would not accomplish the end. Professional men were of that opi- nion, and bo waB he (Mr. Sullivan). He had no professional but some considerable prnc- ¡ , tîcul knowledge of these things, and having carefully examined the place, he believed lowering the fills would bo of very alight seivice indeed, without catting away the reef under Prince's bridge, and effecting other al- terations. THE I}CUB TOWNS 1NC0RP0BATI0N BILL. Mr. GILLIES moved for leave to bring in , a bill for incorporating the respective Inhabi- tants of the several townB or boroughs of Sandhurst, Ballarat, Ballarat Eist, and Cas tlemaine. He believed thoro would in this case be a departure from the prao'ico as to a new bill, in conséquence of tho report of the examiners of private bills. That report was to the effect that .the standing orders had not ,been complied with, inasmuch as the notice of application did not sufficiently cot forth .that power was soqght to purchase land, .whereas certain classes of the bill were in- tended to confor such power. The simple in- sertion of the word "compulsory" by the pro- moters made all the difference, but no moro power waa Bought for ¿he compulsory pur- chase of ¿and than was now conferred by tho amended municipal law. Ho believed the .Government desired to amend the existing j municipal lair ; bo that really no objection ' could exist on this score, though delay might erisue. The examiners also reported that the bill did not como under the head of first class private billa, and, being of the eecondclass, the standing orders relating to such were not complied with. He contended that the bill was included In tho first class. Tho first class Mils cave powers to institatogenoral improve- ment by » pjty and corporation j wfcerea» -tnBtecorjTrciaEB-Duig-Bppiioci lospeciutj warn», euch as those relating to the construction of aqueducts, harbours, bridges, canals docks, railwoys, water carriage, &o.; But the pro- moters of this bill could not comply with the standing orders in this case ; they could not furnish plans of works, because they hid planned no specific work. The Melbourne and Geelong Corporation Act Amendment Bill had been reckoned as first cIbbs ; and, indeed, were bills of this kind put into the second class, the standing orders never could be complied with. This measure wa«, in foot, for the amendment of the municipal law, and as such, the bill should be taken among the first class. Mr. BINDON seconded the motion. Mr. LALOR, as one^ of the committee of I examiners, wished to give xeasorR for the re 1 port. The bill was represented as one i merely to give powers of incorporation ; but what could be understood by furtherance of incorporation, when by this bill the four towns named asked to be allowed to spend their money outside their municipal bounda- ries, as shown in the 100th clause? Hu be- lieved that in the case of Sandhurst, this power was specially sought ; but at all events, if power was sought to spend money on a railway, the bill must clearly come ia the second class. Other portions of the bill, such as the abolition of the election of audi- tors hy ratepayers, and the provision that the ratepayers were not to have the inspection of the hooks, which was to be confined to the council, were altogether new ; and for theáo reasons the examiners had mode their objec- tions. Mr. HIGINBOTBAM said that, from the statements of the hon. mover, and of the examiner, the bon. member for South Grant, it was rather difficult to come to a conclusion in the matter. It appeared to him that the bill came within both the first and second classes. The power which it was proposed to take under the 809th clause was, to his thinking, a mon- strous one to give; and for that and other reasons, into which be would not then enter, he would oppose the bill on the second read- ing. He thought it would be bighlv satisfac- tory to hon. members if the Speaker would give his opinion as to whether the bill came within the first or second class, or both. Mr. GREEVES Bald, that in admitting that the bill came within both classas, the Attorney-General admitted the whole matter in dispute. There was no doubt in his mind that the bill did belong to the second class, because it proposed to interfere with rights of private ownership, and no bill of that kind could be introduced that did not comply with the standing orders. He would not at present go into the merits of the hill, or attempt to show how other bodies might bo interfered with if the bill were ac cepted, and the powers sought under it con- ferred upon its promoter?. Mr. BINDON maintained that no greater powers wero sought under tho bill than at present existed ; and thought it was unfair that there should be any attempt to condemn a bill before its merits were fairly before the House. Mr. M CANN concurred in the suggestion of the Attorney General, that the Speaker should give his opinion on the point raised. There were miny details of the bill to which he would object; but he hoped the Howse would not attempt to deal with its merits at that Etage. Mr. MACGREGOR sail that the powers which enabled a corporation to execute works within its own boundaries were very different to those which were claimed in this bill. If general powers were conferred, enabling theaa to go outside their own boundaries and exe- cute works, other bodies and other indi- viduals would be interfered with, and ha could see no reason why such powers should be asked for. Let the promoters of the bill specify the works they intended to carry out betöre they aBked the House to give them power to do bo. The SPEAKER expressed the opinion that if the bill which it was now sought to intro- duce contained such a clauce as had been described by'tthe Chairman of Committees, the bill would be at variance with the standing orders. If power were asked by the corpora- tions in qui st ion to go outside their o wa boroughs ond corBtruct works, it would be necessary that those works should be defined, or the clauses in which such powers were OBkcd muEt be withdrawn If the promoters of the bill would stiike out these clauses, the difficulty as to the standing orders would be avoided. Mr, GILLIES expressed his willingness to strike out any clauses at variance with the standing orders. Mr. LALOR thought they were only in a position to judge of the bill as it at present stood ; and as it had not complied with the standing orders, he was of opinion that it could not be introducad. The promoters of the bill did not ask for the suspension of the standing orders, and as the bill was at vari- ance with them, it could not be proceeded with. The SPEAKER said the bill was in that position that it conld bo so altered before the second reading as to comply with the stand- ing orders. Mr. HIGINBOTHA.M would suggest that the hon. member (Mr. Gillies) move the sus- pension of the standing orders. The Speaker had clearly expressed his opinion that the standing orders had not been complied with, and it would be o dangerous precedent to admit tho biU without moving their sus- pension. Mr. GILLIES saw no necessity for so doing. If anything had crept into the bill which brought it within the second class, he was quite willing to strike it out. Mr.HIGINBOTHAM reiterated his opinion, that tho Speaker had decided that the stand- ing orders had not been complied with ; and ho objected to nny private membar iutro duoing a bill in Yiolatlon of the standing orders. (Mr. Gillies.-"No.") Tho hon. mem- ber could not deny that the bill contained a clause of the character already described; and they would be showing very little respeot for the ruling of the Speaker if they admitted the bill without first having the standing orders suspended. Mr. GILLIES was strictly following the ruling of the Speaker in tho course which he proposed to adopt. Mr. VALE believed that the bill did not claim any greater powers thau the several Corporations at present possessed. It ap- peared to him that any bill which re- ferred to private profits was allowed to slide as it were into law, while every form of the Houso was used to oppose measures of a public character. Unless the Speaker ruled otherwise, he trusted the House would allow the bill to be road a first time. Mr. M'OULLOCH said there was no par- ticular feeling against the bill, but it was felt that the ftanding: orders ought not io be evaded. He urged the mover to adopt the Attorney General's suggestion. Mr. GILLIES acceded to this, and moved the suspension of the standing orders. The motion was cgroed to, and leave was then given to bring in the bill, which was afterwards read a first time, BEGISTBATION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The debate on the motion for the second , reading of this bill was resumed by Mr. VALE, who supported the bill, inas much as its object was to remove the diffi- culties in the way of holders of miners' rights ibeing placed upon the electoral roll. Theso | men were as much entitled to bo placed on <the roll as those who paid Is. and made a declaration, or even those who paid nominal .raies in a municipality. Mr. LONGMORE could not understand the opposition which had been offered to the bill on a provious occasion. The measure contained no now principle, it simply ex tended one which had workod admirably that.of,placing ratepayers upon the electoral ' loll. Who object with which the existing Electoral Act was passed was to limit the franchise. The member for Kilmore said that the act only disenfranohised 60,000 per- sons ; 'but this " only" wes equal to one fourth of .the electors of the colony. Oa the ground that the bill beforo the House would in part «orreot this dlBfrauccisement, ovory member, whûther liberal or illiberal, ought to give it his support. The bill was then, read a second time and committed. Mr. HOWARD called tho attention of the Attorney-Gtnei al to the fact that tho bill would introduce an objectionable system of class legislation. Whjr should holders of miners' licences be placed on the electoral roll more than other licence-holders ? Doubtless the bill would be popular ia the oonBtltuenoy be represented, and doubtless, as it might bo ¿aid with truth " A chiel 'a amang ye Ulf In' sotes, And faith ho'H prent 'cri)," be would hear more of the matter hereafter, J but «overtheless he would oppose the measure ' as he would all attempts at clasa legislation. Did the Attorney- General propose to take any action in the matter ? Mr. HKHNBOTHAM said ka oould not "nÇlb'ttte HóUse pràceeutnë with tbo bill;.He f had opposed it himself by speech and voice, and was not this sufficient ? Mr. HO WARD said it was not suflteent, A remedy should havo bean provided when the consolidation bill dealing with tho subject was before the House. Mr. SULLIVAN commonted on the singu- lar position the member for Sandhurst had taken. Ought the Attorney General to have provided a remedy foT an evil which ho denied the existence of, and was he now to take the member for Rodney by the collar and compel him to withdraw the bill. He would like the hon. member to state what it waB he proposed the Attorney General Bhould do. Mr. HOWARD declined to gratify the hon. member's curiosity. The various clauses of the bill were then agreed to, without amendments. On the preamble baing proposed, Mr. HOWARD reiterated his objections to the measure. Mr. G. V. SMITH expressed his disapproval of any attempt to force the suffrage on any particular class. The suffrage ought not to be conlerred Bave where it was appreciated, and the best test of appreciation was personal application for the privilege. After some remarks from Mr. M'Lellan and Mr. Coben, the preamhle wab adopted, and the bill was reported to the House. The report was adopted, and the measure was then read a third time aud passed. PUBLIC HEALTH LAWS CONSOLIDATION BILL. On the order of tbo day for the considera- tion of the report of the committee on this bill, Mr. MICHIE moved that the 69th and 70th clauBes-the Yarra Pollution Prevention Act -be reinserted. The committee divided, and the numbers were : Ayes.l8 Noes.20 Majority against the motion ... 2 The following is tho division-list : AYES. Mr. Bindern Hr. Hairoy Mr. O'Grady \- Cohen - Hlglnbotham - Orr \- Connor - Lovoy - Riddell \- Crows - Macgregor - Smith, G. V. \- Girdlestone - M'Baln - Smith, J. T. \- Grooves - Michie - Tuckor. NOES. Mr. Burtt Mr. Houston Mr. Robinson \- Carpenter - Loiiffnioro - Sands \- Copo - M'Gulloch - Sullivan \- Davies - M'Lellan - Valo ' \- Dyto _ Moffatt - Verdon \- Francis - Hamsay - Whoolor. \- Harker - Richardson Mr. GIRDLESTONE called the attention of the Chief Secretary to the circumstance of a deputation of medical men having waited upon bim some time ago in référença to the appointment of publio vaccinatora. Tho law Erovided that the public vaccinators should e legally-qualified medical practitioners, but in some districts the public vaccinators were not legally-qualified medicalmen; and ho de- sired to ask the Chief Secretary if it was his intention to remove unqualified persons from the office? Mr. M'CULLOCH said there were at pre- sent twelve or fourteen districts in which there were no legally-qualified medical prac- titioners, nnd wheroit was therefore necessary that some other persons should act as public vaccinators, unless vaccination were dis- pensed with. In tboso districts he did not see his way to remove the persons now acting ns vaccinators ; but he would take care that for all fresh appointments legally-quilified medical practitioners should be selected if possible, and that unqualified persons now acting as public vaccinators should be re- moved in those districts in which duly qualified medical men could be obtained, Mr. L. L. SMITH remarked that a certifi- cate of vaccination byan unqualified person gave no guarantee to the public that the operation had been properly performed. Mr. GIRDLESTONE proposed certain amendments in clause 90, which gave the Governor in Council cortain powers to pre- vent infection from persons placed in qua- rantine. The clause, in its present shape, provided that in case of any infectious oiseuse appearing or breaking out, the Governor in Council might direct that all communication should be cut off between any person infected with any such disease and the rest of Her Majesty's subjects. He considered this a monstrous power, and it was one which in some cases had been very severely exercised. The object of his amend- ments was to provide that only " unneces- sary" communication should be prohibited, and to make the Central Board of Health, and not the Governor In Council, the judgs of whnt was or what was not unnecessary com- munication. Under the present law, n parent might be prevented from seeing his child, or a husband from seeing his wife. Such a pro hibition was cruel and unnecessary ; for ex- perience in England had shown that, under proper regulations, there was little or no danger to be apprehended from a hpulthy person communicating with apirson afflicted with au infectious disease. His amendments also provided that no person should " bo pro- hibited from receiving the advice and attend- ance of their own private medical practitioner, if any, at all hours of the day or night." This was a most reasonable request, and would tend to the recovery of the infeoted persons, be- cause recovery depended in a great m asure upon the confidence which a patient had in his medical attendant ; and he was much more likely to have confidence in a medical maa whom he knew, than ho was in a stranger. It was an extraordinary and outrageous thing to prevent a parson placed in quarantine from seeing hil own medical attendant. If persons placed in quarantine were to bu regarded as so dan- gerous to the health of the community that they were to be cut off from communication with everybody, it would be batter to burn and get rid of them at once, than to kill thom by slow degrees. The prosont quaiai tine law waB a modification of the law ia force in London in the time of the plague, when if a person were found abroad with the symptoms of the plague upon him he waa executed. No suoh absurd regula- tions existed in any civilized countrv in the present day as those in force in Victoria. He did not ask the House to follow any private ideas of his own, but simply to adopt the English practice. In England there were no lazarettos on shore, and only three float- ing hulks, viz.-one off the Isle of Wight, one in the Mersey, and one in the Medway, and not a Bingle case had been admitted to any one of them for the last five years. He hoped he had succeeded in directing the attention of the Guvernment to this important sub- ject. Mr. ,HIGINBOTHAM said the alteration proposed was based on au objection to the whole scheme of quarantine. The hon. mem- ber fald quarantine was abandoned in Eng land,'but it waB yet retained in English pos- sessions, and very strictly carried .out at Malt i. Were the bon. member to proposo to give all ships perfect freedom of access to these shore?, his amendment would bo con- sistent; but at present bo only propose!! to make the established system ineffective. No doubt, quarantine was troublesome and in- convénient to the individual and expensive to the state, but, so long as it continued, it ought to be ktpt effective. As the hon. member had not gone the fall length of his arguments, hei(Mr. Higinb)tham) asked the House to disagree with the amendments. Mr. LEVEZ had somo experience of M*lta quarantine, and knew that It was only a Suarantinoito foreigners. In fact, during the rimean war tho ¡British Government had expressly explained that the system was nit in favour with them, but was retained in deference tolocal feeling. Mr- MICHIES regarded tbe amendments ni having for tbelt objeot dispensing with the quarantine laws altogether. No doubt tint was legitimate enough: but then the wholo subject was not under discussion. Why open such a dour as would break down the result of thof o laws, and yet retain all their expanse and inconvenience? These diseases wera communicable or not. If not, there was an eud of the matter; but if they were, why Bhould the diseased persons be in point of fact thrown on tho bulk of society? Medical opinion of high authority, including that of the eminent Dr. Southwood Smith, had denounced qua- rantine laws altogether, bnt still thoro appeared to be no disposition to repeal them. | altogether, and the hon. member could not be consistent in his motion without going that length. He was compelled to vote agaiaBt the amendments ; bat if the whole question were raised at a future time by tho bon. member, he would be prepared to give it his fullest con- sideration, and probably to vote in a différant way from what lie did that evening. Mr. GREEVES did not think the amend- ment should be opposed by the Government. They would not undo the resolutions arrived ai the other evening, and ho thought it was only fair that the power glv.in under the clause should be vested in the Oontral Board of Health rather than in the hands of the pbjef mßdjcal officer, as at present. Mr. K1AC0KËG0K said that If the omend ment was accepted, the whole question of tho quaiantine rt-gulatlons would ha iuvolved, and it was far better that the House should deal with that subject apart from this bill, after proper inquiiy into the system had been mado by a competent tribunal. Mr. HOUSTON said that while in Eng- land and elsewhere there was no doubt a growing feeling in favour of trie abolition of quarantine laws, they were, perhaps, hardly prepared as yet to go that length in the colony ; but, after the medical testimony they had lately received on the subject of infectious disease, he would certainly be in favour of doing away with that extreme isolation which was at present enforced. Mr. CASEY thought that if they had qua- rantine regulations at all, they should be strictly enforced ?.. but such was not the case at present, wblio the health officer who boarded infected ship3 wai allowed to return to Queenscliff immediately afterwards, perhaps carrying infection with him. He could also visit the hospitals on the quaran- tine station, and again return to Queens- cliff. Mr. M'CANN said that the quarantine lawa were not duly respected, inasmuch as the last speaker, in company with himself (Mr. M'Cann) had visited the station while disease was in the hospitals. He ob- jected 'to the power of Baying how long pat ion ts or a ship should ba rotained in quarantine remaining in the hands of a single person -who knew nothing whatever of the local circumstances. Mr. M'LELLAN thought that if, as the bon. member Baid, he and the member for Mandurang were in the habit of vlBitlng the quarantine station, it would bj necessary for the safety of Parliament that a clause should be Inserted in tho bill rendering it compul- sory on these two bon. members to under- go fumigation before entering the House. (Laughter.) The House divided on the amendment, when the numbers wire : Majority against the amendment 7 The following Is the division-list : AYES. Mr. Carpontcr Mr. Grooves Mr. M'Lollan \- Cohen - narbison - Robinson \- Connor - Houston - Smith, G. V. \- Copo - Lalor - Tucker \- Gillies - Lovoy - Whooler. -t Girdlestone - Macgregor NOES. Mr. Blndon Mr. HIginbothani Mr. Orr \- Crows - King - Pearson \- Cunningham - Longmore - Ramsay \- D3 to -M'Cann -Sands \- Fairbairn - M'Culloch - Shonvin \- Francis - Macpherson - Sullivan] \- Hnlfey - Michie - Valo \- Harkor - O'Grady - Wardrop. HOSPITALS LAW CONSOLIDATION BILL. On the motion that the report on this bill bo adopted, Mr. HARKER moved that tha Speaker leave the chair, with the view of having the bill recommitted. Clause 9 reserved power to the commltteo of management to frame a bye-law, giving sub33ribsrs plurality of votas, and that was, in his opinion, a most objec- tion able principle to apply in connexion with charitable institutions. There ought to be no distinction between different classes of subscribers, and the interest a subscriber felt in an institution was not to bs measured by what he gave, because a poor man might givo more in proportion to his means than a rich one did. He was not in his place in the House when the clause was assented to, and that must be his apology for asking for the recommittal ef the bill. - Mr. HIGINBOTHAM pointed out that the provito was introduced into the act of last session, so that the hon. member was now absolutely proposing a change in the law, and that wltbout-notice having been given to the parties most interested. He had opposed the principle in the Municipal Act and Local Go- vernment Act, but he thought it could be applied to charitable institutions less objec- tionably than to bodies dealing either with local or general interests. After o discussion, in which Messrs. Cohen, Houston, GnuEVES, O'Ghady, and Kebfebd took part, The motion was carried, and the bill was recommitted. Mr. HARKER then moved the omission of the following words from the 9th clause: " For fixing the number of votes of contribu- tors in pronortion to the amount of their con- tributions." Mr. COHEN pointed out that the provision na It stood was not mandatory. It was left to the subscribers to determine whether there should bo plurality of votes or not. He could seo no reasons why the institutions should be deprived of this option. The motion was agreed to, and the bill as amended was reported to the House. BLECTOBAL LAW CONSOLIDATION MLI» This bill was further considered in com- mittee. On the 67th clause, providing that in cases where names have been improperly inserted or omitted from the electoral roll any elector 1 may give notice to the nearest police magis- trate, who Bhall require cause to be shown why the error should not be rectified, Mr. GREEVES pointed out that it was not made compulsory that the person objected to should bo notified of the objection. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM was aware of the omission. He moved the introduction of a provision to rectify it. Mr. ORR expressed his doubts whether the clause would suffice to meet the evil it referred to. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said that the clause was introduced in consequence of town and road board clerks having placed persons on the roll who had no right to b3 there. In one instance the clerk to a road baard, with the concurrence of tho chairman, placed on the roll a number of names which ought to have been there immediately before the last general election. As the electoral law stood, there was no remedy for this. He admitted that the remedy now proposed was clumsy, but this was the fault of the electoral system, which admitted no better. Mr. CREWS thought the clerks ought to havo the power of inserting names omitted, but "not of striking out names. Mr. ORR desired to see some provision both for getting names struck off the roll and inserted on the roll. After some remarks from Mr. Greeves, Mr..HOWARD suggested the propriety of abolishing the distinction between rate paying electors and electors who were not ratt payers, and providing that everyone should apply in propria persona, and pay Is. for a right to vote. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM reminded the hon. member that the Chief Secretary hod inti- mated that it wai the intention of the Go- vernment to iutioduco a bill next session for the purpose of removing the distinction be- tween ratepaying and non-iatepaylng elec- tors; but it was not desirable In the present bill to alter any essential principle of the Electoral Act of 2863. He was convinced that it would be impracticable to provide any means for striking off the names of persons who had been improperly inserted without striking at the root of the ratepay- ing patt of the act ; and, therefore, ho would simply confine his amendments to providing for the insertion of names improperly omitted. The clause was amended accordingly. Mr. GREEVES moved on amendment to substituto the atareat court of petty sessions for the police magistrate. He thought it was wrong to give the power to the police magis- trates, who wore liable to bo influenced by the Government of the doy. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM observed that the function of inserting names improperly omitted was of inferior importance to that of a general revision of the toll, and was one which might be safely left to the police ma- gistrates. Mr. DYTE supported the amendment. Mr. BINDON alto supported it. He saw no reaeon why a statutablo distinction should be drawn between a police magistrate and an ordinary magistrate in this matter, when no such distinction existed In matters affecting life and liberty. Mr. MACGREGOR opposed the amend- ment ; and urged that hon. members ought to be jealous of entrusting courts of petty ses- sions with the power of inserting the names of persons on the ratepayers' roll. Mr. O'GRADY wished the scales had fallen from the eyes of the hon. member for Rodney sooner. (Hear, hear.) There was, he believed, no fear of the aotlon of a police ma- gistrate, who was always amenable to the Minister of Justice. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM believed the bon. and gallant member for Warrnambool hod stated the other evening that a magistrate, himself a candidate for a district, bad sat and revlsod the rolls, If that were the case, it would show Tô^TocâlTusTicêTwero affected by local in fluences. Mr. O'GRADY believed he was the indivi- dual alluded to. Ho was Bony the bon and gallant member for Warrnambool was ab3ent, ond when he was present an opportunity should bo afforded for showing how far the revision hod been interfered with. He (Mr, O'Grady) did not think the hon. Attorney General waa justified in endorsing the in- sinuation. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM had not endorsed any insinuation. Mr. O'GRADY attached the greatest im- portance to his duties as a magistrate, and as tba hon. Attorney-Ganerol knew, had taken eveiy pains to procure for his district the very widest possible representation. He hoped no member ot the House believed him capable of the conduct imputed. (Soar.) Mr. BURTT, when in Gipps Land, had actually seen the local magistrates take sides in on eleotion, ond canvass for votes (A laugh.) Mr. KERFERD hod understood the hon. and gallant member for Warrnambool to soy thot a juBtice had adjourned the Court from time to time, and not being able to get another magistrate, had revised the roll himself. His experience of local mogls trates was, that they were a highly respectable body of gentlemen, and that the proposed change would ba extremely Incoaveulent, seeing that if the Crown law officers did not actually dictate to the police magistrates what they should do, they went very near it. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM had understood the hon. and gallant member for Warrnambool differently, but if he was wrong he was sorry to have referred to the matter. He was not aware of any instructions issued to police magistrates of the character indicated. Mr. KERFERD recollected a circulassent to police magistrates in the case of lunatics. Mr. MICHIE asked for the date. Mr. KERFERD did not remomber. Mr. CASEY believed the bon. member re- ferred to a circular requiring police magis- trates to exomine lunatics privately, because of the injurious effect of a public examina- tion. Mr. LEVEY thought there would be danger in giving the power provided by the clause to police magistrates, especially considering tho limited number of police magistrates and the extent of their districts. Mr. SANDS urged that if local justices weie not to be trusted, they had better bo done away with. Such, however, was not the case, and that was more than he could Eay for the police magistrates. Mr. COPE believed the local magistrates to be often extremely biassed, and desired to see police magistrates in a position to check them. Mr. HARKER Eald the bon. member for the East Bourke Boroughs did not seem to bave much acquaintance with the law re- lating to police magistrates. Ho (Mr. Harker) could not complain of the way in which the unraid magistrates discharged the duties of their effice. His recollection of the allusion of the hon. ond gallant member for Warr- nambool was the same as that of the hon. member for the Ovtns. Mr. TwAMSAY asked how maDy of the police magistrates understood more of law than they had been able to pick up? They were often never able to leam it. If the country wiehtd to see the unpaid magistrates worthy of their position, every onfijence ought to be placed in them. He was prepared, st the proper time to vote for the extinction of the whole of the paid magistracy. Mr. G. V. SMITH thought the whole of the hour and a half s discussion tended to show that the best wav to get rid of all these troubles was to let the man who wanted a vote pay his shilling for his elector's right and keep it in his pocket. Mr. Greeves' amendment was then adopted, end the clause as amended was agreed to. On clause 135, having reference to the punishment for bribery at elections, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM moved an amend- ment, providing that auy parson guilty of bribing at an election should not be allowed to vote at that election. The amendment was adopted, and the clause as amended agreed to. The bill waB reported, with amendmsnts, and afterwards recommitted. On clause 16, relating to the appointment of electoial registrars, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM moved an amend- ment, giving tho Governor in Council power to appoint deputy electoral registrars. The amendment was adopted. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said the nnmb?r for the Murray had suggested au amendment, to which he desired to call attention. He said that at the last elections certain omissions had occurred which had practically disfran- chised a large number of electors. The 131st clause of the act gave the Governor in Coun- cil power to correct any errors or impediments of a formal character which might have been detected in the bill. In effect the clause was inoperative, because when impediments did occur they were of a character more than formal. He now proposed to amend the clause, so that it should apoly to accidental and unavoidable omissions and impedi- ments. The amendment was agreed to._ Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said that the town cleiks complained of being made liable to imprisonment for negligence in compiling the rolls. He moved an amendment which would confine the penalty to cases of gross negligence. Mr. KERFERD said the whole point in any instance of complaint would be the meaning of the word gross. He would rather see the penalty reduced. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM remarked that gro3S negligence was a term perfectly well known to the law. The amendment was adopted. Clause 127 was then amended, so as to per- mit of the adjournment of a poll for a period of seven days from the time named in the writ. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM proposed to amend clause 10, by the insertion of a proviso that no registrar or electoral registrar should be elected for a district ia which ho had offi- ciated for a period of bIx months. Mr. VALE objected to this amendment being introduced without notice, and at so late an hour. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM Baid he made the proposition on behalf of the member for Ballarat East, and he attached no import- ance to it. Mi. DYTE consented to the withdrawal of the amendment, with o view of submitting It at another opportunity. The bill was then reported with further amendments. PAYMENT OP MEMBERS. " The resolutions arrived at in committee the previous evening were reported to the House, and adopted. The House adjourned at ten minutes to eleven o'clock. ARARAT. (from our own corresponoent.) Mondât Evening. A grocer named Charles Hadlond, resident in Barkly-street, was brought up before the Bench on Friday last, charged with pouring some inflammable material over o goat, and setting it on fire. This inhuman and un- manly action excited a general feeling of dis- gust amongst all classes, acd the court was filled to hear the case. The Bench considered the allegation fully proved, aud sen tened the perpetrator to fourteen days' imprisonment. An appeal was lodged. Some of tbe squatters in this neighbour- hood have lost, it is Baid, as many us 2,000 sheep; and various runs are reported as having lost fencing, varying In lengths of from seven to twenty miles. Go ANB get Hanoeb Elsewhebe.-The Salut Public (lives the following as the origin of_ the popular French saying "Allez vous faire pendre ailleurs :"-"A thief was ar- rested in one of the smallest principalities of Germany, and condemned to behangod, but when the sentence was about to be put Into execution, the discovery was made that two things were wanted-a hangman and a gibbet. What wa9 to be done ? The autho- rities hesitated to incur such a needless out- lay, as the incident was the first of the kind. So as the poor wretch was penniless, they gave him a small sum of money to go and get hanged elsewhere." Hence the popular French saying. A Silent Club - According to several papers, a new club, to be called the " Silent Club," is about to be established in Parla, The members may eat, drink, read, write, or smoke ; but they must not speak, nor wear creaking bootp, nor play at dominoes, nor " rattle tho bones," nor, in short, make any noise whatever. The floors will be covered with tbick carpets, and the doora will open and «hut without a sound. 