[SYDNEY. Monday* 3rd April. At the Criminal Sessions, White, an election eering agent, was sentenced to two years' impri sonment for procuring personation. t In the ri&e; match between twelve of Sydney and a like number of Adelaide riflemen, the former scored 1901 points, and are therefore the winners, the Adelaide score not reaching 1900 points. ! At a meeting of the parishioners of St. James' Church, it was decided to sustain the trustees in the action instituted by the Bishop. The escort returns for the past month show a decrease on the yield of gold of eighteen per cent The markets are quiet. Breadstuff's un changed. OFFICIAL INQUIRY AT HEATHCOTI.-Yesterday Mr. Warden Mollison, and Captain Bull, of Cas tlemaine, left Sandhurst for Heathcote, for the purpose, it is said, of holding an official inquiry into circumstances connected with the discharge of his duties by the postmaster at the latter place. THE "EAGLEHAWK RIFLE BRIGADE will meet to night at the Camp Hotel, at half- past seven o'clock. The members are requested to deposit their arms at the hotel, that they may be brought into Sandhurst the following day for inspection'. :? ' EAGLEIIAWK GOLD RETURNS.---The following purchases of gold are reported by the Eaglehawk branch of ihe Bank of New South Wales-from the St. Mungo Company, 72 ozs. 13 dwts.; from the Eagle Company, 14 ozs. 12 dwts. LAURENCE REEF COMPANY.-At a meeting of the committee of this company, held last night, Mr Richard Hughes, late of the Comet Company, was elected underground manager. A IVAMAROOKA CAKE.-Mr Smith, of the Bank of New South Wales, Ra3'wood, purchased a fine cake of gold on Friday last weighing 17 ounces, t-l'e produce of eight tons of stone from No 2 Cla:m, South, Jones's Reef, Ivatnarooka. GRANT-IN-ATD OF THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. -The sum of Ll 83 5'3d has been awarded to the Mechanic's Institute, out of the Government grant-in-aid for 18G4 for the purchase of books. FOREST-STREET.-On Friday last, owing to the roughness of the road at the top of Forest street, which still remains in an unfinished state, two bullock drays stuck fast, and had to be dug nut. AN ABORIGINAL FRAY.-About ten o'clock yes terday evening some aborigines who were camped at Kangaroo Flat, having got too much drink, were fightiug, when one of them stuck another named Harry with a knife, through the fleshy part of the arm above the elbow. The injured,, man was promptly attended to and brought to the hospital by Senior Constable M'Parland, of Kan garoo Flat, where his wound was dressed. The prisoner will be brought up this morning at the District Court. ACCLIMATISATION OF THE MAGPIE IN NEW ZEALAND.-A gentleman in Sandhurst has pur chased a large numher of magpies for the purpose of forwarding them to the branch of the Accli matisation Society in New Zealand. It is very doubtful, however, whether the extreme cold of the ungenial climate of New Zealand will be favorable to the Australian magpies. DONATION TO THE HOSPITAL.-The Treasurer of the Hospital begs to acknowledge receipt cf a donation of L5 5i from the Bendigo St. Patrick's Benefit Society. THE MANAGEMENT or THE COMET COMPANY. Mr John Mathieson, who has been for some time the general manager of "the Comet Company, Redan Hill, yesterdiy tendered his resignation. It is said that the cause of Mr Mathieson's re signation is that, the board of management having removed to Melbourne Mr Mathieson has found it impossible to carry on the efficient working of the mines consistently with instructions given by a board of directors, who, being at-a- distance, are necessarily ignorant of the business connected ; therewith. The resignation of Mr Mathieson, to whose able management is justly due the resuscitation of the company, has' caused con siderable dissatisfaction to many of the Sandhurst shareholders. FIRE IN PALL MALL.-A fire broke out last night, at about seven o'clock, in a small detached room at the back of the premises of Mr Charles Warder, of Pall Mall. The room was built of wood, and used as a sleeping place for the children. It appears that at a few minutes before the fire was noticed, Mrs Warder had put her little boy of hardly two years of age to bed, leaving a candle burning in the room. The servant was the first to give the alarm, and rushing fofward found the bed on fire, and the child enveloped in flimes. At once snatching the child from the bed, burning herself slightly in doing so. she saved it from immediate death, not however before it had sustained serious injuries. Dr Boyd was called in without delay, and pro nounced the injuries to be of a severe character. From the bed the fire quickly communicated to the furniture and walls of the apartment, and bursting through the roof gave an alarm to the neighborhood. A plentiful supply of water was obtained, and the flames subdued ; when, there fore, the engines arrived, they were not wanted. Mad the fire broken out at night, the results would probably have been most extensive and disastrous. THE SUFFERERS BY BUSH FIRES.-A meeting of the Sandhurst Committee formed for the purpose of raising funds to afford relief to those persons in the district who had been severe losers by the late bush fires, was held last night, at the Albion Hotel Therewere present, Messrs Baily, (chair man), Bayne, Baron, Lee, and Birch, hon. sec, The majority of the collectors lists were handed in; four contained a total of L66 16s, namely : Mr J. Baily's, L14 7s; Mr Iloldsworth's, Lll 13s; Mr A; Baron's L8 7s 6d; and Messrs A. Bayne's and Kennedy's, L32 8s 6d. Seven were returned blank, and three had to come in. Therewere only three applicant's for relief," who stated they had lost property - to the following amount, Osborne, L351, JDreehsler, L325; Howard, L50. A letter for relief was received from Michael Cunneen, but the application was not entertained as be .had only lost some fcncee. ; After a. short discussion it %a§ resolved to adjourn for eight days, and the^hon secretary was instructed to in sert an advertisement in the BENDIGO ADVERTISER callingupoil.sufferers by the.bush-fires.to forward their" Applications lor' relief, also a statement of their losses. CAFFYN THE CRICKETER.-The Argus stBt.es that the Melbourne Cricket Club have released Caffyn from his engagement to them, and that he will shortly proceed .to Sydney. The affairs of the ciub appear to be in anything but a flourishing state, and it appears likely that a call will have to be made to pay Caffya's salary. 