COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Argus Office, Tuesday Evening. To-day being kept as a holiday, no business bas been transacted in the import markets. The B.M. steamship Ellora, for Galle, cleared out at tho Customs to-day, with CG,8á2 Boveioigns and 72,829oz. lldwt. lOgr. gold, of which quantity 10,49doz. 12dwt. 5gr. are the product of New Zealand gold-fields. The shippers are as follow:-Gold-london Chartered Bank, 10,235oz. 9dwt. 6gr. ; Central Bank of India, 10,697oz. lldwt. ; National Bank, 3,245oz. Odwt. Ogr. ; Bank of Now South Wales, lO,064oz.; Bank of Victoria, 6,084oz. 19dwt. ; Bank of Australasia, 3,737oz, 3dwt. ; M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co., 2,730oa. j Oriental Bank, 7,389oz. 12dwt. lOgr. ; Eoyal Bank of India, 12,898oz. lOdwt. 12gr. ; Union Bank, 2,68áo¡s. Cdwt. ; Asiatic Banking Com- pany, 3,C63oz. Specie-Bank of Now South Wales, 10,000 aova. ; Asiatic Bank, 10,000 do. ¡ National Bank, 10,000 do. ; Colonial Bank, 10,000 do.; Kong Meng and Co., 4,750 do.; Bank of Australasia, 5,000 do. ; Fanning and Co.,2,800 do.; Ah Mouy and Co.,2,100 do.; A Foo, 1,700 do. ; Bank of New South Wales, 492 do. ; &c.; Mr. O'Eeardon (Wood's Point) reports as follows, under date December 23 : "This has been a quiet week, the Christmas holidays bringing away largo nunibora to different parts of the colony. ¡Sales of SmUo of Fortune at 12s. ; Vic- tory at £4 ; Eobert Burns at £1, and subsequently at £3 lis. ; offers of £1210s. for Champion, but no sellers nt tho prico. A socoud surface reef has been found on that portion of this company's claim known as the spare ground, which has directed attontion again to tho Victory, inimedlatoly adjoining-, in which business is ponding at increased rates. Tho Loch Fyno and Fern-t ree wash up this day, having crushed 130 tons. The result is not yet known. About two ouncea to the ton Is expected. Crushing will bo resumed in a week.1 Ibu accident which occurred to tho truck on Novor mlnd tramway will not in any way delay operation1) on that roof boyoud a few hours. From the Robert Hums claim much botter stone is now being raised than any got up to this timo, As soon ns a trial crushing Is had, a machino will be procurod for this claim, 'lho accounts from Alpine lttso aro encourag- ing. An oflsrt is being made by tho principal roofer* in tho district to have tbo Gordon division of the Ileoi'hworth district proclaimed a separate district, the original bye-laws being In many important par- ticulars quita unsuited to the requirements of tills important and daily-extonding gold-Held." The Rivtrim Herald of the 23rd instant says : "Not a Bingle lot of either cattle or sheep has crossed at Echuca or Moama sinco our last. The light rain which foil last (Friday) ovouing can have dono but little good in the way of relieving the parched and arid traots to the northward. Pastoral mattors con- tinue to wear a dark aspeot, and thoro is no saying when they will mend. Carriego to all parts of the Interior is mounting to ruinous rates for tho settlors, many of whom aro beginning to Buffer from tho want of necessary supplies. The river navigation la nil but closed, and wo cannot expect any further floods for several months. Reports liavo reichod us of snow having fallon lately in the Alpine Ranges, and should this have boen tho caso to any great extent, thoro is a possibility that it may bo brought down by the Bummer heat, and that freshes may conscquontly occur In the rivers sooner than could bo expected under ordinary circumstances." , Our Adelaide files by tho Aldinga are to the 22nd in st. The Register gives the following market report : "Very small quantities of wheat find thoirwayto market, and the supply Is not at all equal to tho do- main!. Tho lato dull weather has Intorfored with reaping, and thoro is little chance of anything like supplies coming to hand until tho new year com monees. Stocks of old wheat and flour aro prettj nearly exhausted, and thoro Is likely to be a good do mand for the now crop for some time to come. Wheat -All that has been brought In has readily found pur chasers at Ss. 3d. to 8s. id. per bushel, both for grind lug and for oxport, and there aro still buj crs at thi last-nnniod figuro. Flour.-A very small amount o business has boen dono. Country brands havi been sold at £20,10s., and town brands nt £21 poi ton. Bran.-Thoro is no chango in prices, and not much inquiry for it. Oats and barloy contlmu vory scarce, and prices aro woll maintained Farm and Dalry Froduco.-Bacon, hams, and lard aro vorj scarco; but the supply of all other sorts is aboui equal to tho demand. Copper.-A chango for thi better has takon placo since the arrival of tho Englisl niall. The Burra Company's selling price is now £02 and tho Wallaroo Company havo made silos at XSK per ton at tho Fort. General Merchandise.-The amount of business done to-day has boon very Inslg niflcsnt. Only small trade lots could bo placed Auction Sale-Messrs. Townsond, Botting, and Ka; sold at their mart to- day about SOO bags Mauritiu* sugars, assorted Bamples, with all faults, from lov browns to white crystals, at from £2110s. to £38 7s 6d. por ton. Considering tho state of the varlou samples, first-rate prices wore obtained." We take the following from the Aucklant Scuihtm Cross of the 9th inst. . "Tho nows received from Chill this morning, by th Matins Silvanos, caused a great sensation in town as having a tendency still further to enhanco tho prie of breadstuffs. Wo give tho news fully in auothe column, from which it will be soon that the Spanlsl admiral lins dotoiBiined to blockade the Chilian port; Whether with the force at hi« command he will b able to closo all tho perta Is not quito certain but, at all events, thoro will bo an almost entii cessation of shipment« of breadstuff*. V¥ have 'no alteration to quote in priées liai this week; and whether any chango will tako phil dependí In a groat measure tipou the way In whlc this news Is rocoivod In Australia. It must bor collected that tho lutolllgonco which reachod town t< day has been in great mensuro anticipated ; ti advices rccolvcdboforo intimating that such an ovei was likely to occur. The speculation which lately toe placo In flour in Australia, and which did so much ' miso prices, was in anticipation of what has no Happened. Thon thoro Is tbo lad that most of ti surplus of last crop bud been sent away fro Chill before the blockade was begun, and th by tho time next soason's crop comes int uinrkot California will almost certainly bo o: porting laigoly; and, besides, It Is probablo ti quarrel will be arranged before that timo. It is cale latcd that between the uilddl« of December last ni tho end of August 42,000 tons of flour had boon o ported from Chill to Australia and Now Zealau which show« how sorious a matter this war wou have been had it takon placo oarlior, and, as it li, o markets will be deprived of a good many cargoes til would otherwise hare had. The Matías ¡Salvitii brings over B,000 quintals, which is not a full carp as elie lind not timo to fill up. During tho week go brands of bottled ale have been lu domaud ; inferí blands are plentiful. Tho best bulk ale has also ii proved. In wines and spirits wo havo uo chango notice, lho greator part of the cargo of sugar, in Mauritius, by tho Pionnier, was sold nt auction, fiom SJd. for jellow counter, to 6d. for snowdrops.' Our Hobart Town dates are to the 23 inst. Of the state of trade during the mon tho Mercury says : "Rather more than an average trado has bo doing In timber, hay, and other produce, with t different ports of Now Zealand, and considerable sli incuts also have boon made to Molbourno, Sydui Adelaide, mid othor ports, both by steamors a sailing vessolB, of timber and other merchandise, a upon tho whole shipping of tho port has been ji os notiçod moro (içtivoly çniployod during tho pi month llian in the Olio Immediately procedit Tlia whaling intelligence which has como to hu since last summary has been moro than usually sea! no nows having bcon received within that period fti several of our vi balers out at sea; but we have report that whaling has, on tho whole, been very si cOKSful, as may bo gathorod by reference to I quantity of oil brought in by tho vessels which hi lately arrived ; und we aro furthor enabled to sta from the reports brought IA, that whtlos are s plentiful on tho fishing grounds usually visited by I whalers. The only arrivals during the mouth lu bcon tho Victoria, brig, Captain Reynolds, with for flvo tuns, four months and a half out, i tho Runnymede, barque, Captain James Bayley, w sixty-five tuns, out nine months. There havo sal for whaling «Inca last summary, tho Catharl barque, Cnptaiu Jamos Lucas (recently reflttod), « tho Victoria, brig, Captain Roynolds ; and the Run meilo is now also nearly ready for soa again. 1 Watornltcli, Captain > Harrison, has fourteen i a half tuns, and tho Emily Downing, Captain K ncdy, 28 lune, as last reported. From tho Maid Erin, Captain Gaflln, the Aladdin, Captain M'Arth and the Flying Childers, Captain Macgregor-I last lately sailed-wo await reports. We may add t whaling enterprise ecoms to be greatly on the rev!' tho present high prico of sporm oil adding also to general fcoling which has for somo time past b steadily gronlng np in favour of tho oxtouBion of whale-fishing pursuits." ' " In revlowing the commercial transactions of month, It Ib gratifying lo notice a very general provoincnt In many branchos of trade, and but for vory high prices of provisions, meat, and bread, a moro satisfactory state of things would aro tills li been cstoMlhhea. The long drought, which was ginning to bo se\ erely felt by tho farmers, has I terminated by n most bounteous rain, and all thi now pertaining to agricultural pursuits may fatrlj said to be flourishing. " 01 monetary affairs it may bo sala that an alt tion fur the botter has taken place, the improveu being malniynttrlbutablu to the arrival from tho i rlor of largo quantities of wool for shipment, og portion of which has passed into huyera* hands, proceeds being put into, circulation in loadlug teams returning. ' .» " ' n " lo stock and thares tho /transactions have 1 larger than for some months past, aod of Govorn-¡ ment debentures wo may say that about £9,000 wortlij hns been disposed of by the Gofcriimont, and about, £3,000 worth by private hand at par. At auction, tiley have been . placed, . with over four months' accrued interest, at £101, £102, and £102 10s. Some I Hobart Town and Launceston Marino Assurance i shares havo changüí hands at £17, being a reduction1 of £3 upon previous' talos ; and soma Tasmanian Stoam Navigation Company's shores at £7 10s.. being ii« improvement of £1 upon last quotations. Of othor securities there is littlo to report, but wo may íneu tiou that new. companies, for tbo prosecution of gold-mining, and for thi extraction of pyrollgneous acid irom the indigenous timbers of the colony, havo been formed; and-ono is also on tho tapii for the proseculiou of whaling, with a capital of £00,000.'^ Tho samo journa1 of the previous day re- polis that- ' "The arrival of the City of Hobart without any wheat, as expected, had tho effect of Clining the, prices of breadstuff», and, as a natural consequence, a small parcel of wheat was placed at Iii. 6d., and for a cons'giiiueut of 2,000 bushels to arrive by tho Derwent to-morrow 12s. is asked. In flour there was' no disposition to quit at £25, unios i to the regular customer, and theil only lu limited quantity." ' STOCK REPORTS. Deniliquin, Friday Evoning.-Another week and the whole country will be open to free selection, and wo fear many sottlcrs have delayed making application for reservations for water, roads, tee, until too lato. In tbohuiryattendant on forwarding tho necossiry docu- ments at the last moment several Important points v> ill bo ovorlookod, and land will bo selected before tho recesslty for its reservation Is obsorvod. For instance, no provision lies boon mado to koop the stock roads open, and a fow selectors by taking land adjacent and abutting on l tho main track, will drive travelling calilo botweon tho fences, or send them perhaps a couple of milos out of tho way. Squatters now are too much occupied with looking to the reserva- tion of good wator reserves for their own stock, and on their own stations, to attend to tho protootiou of roads fortravollingstock; but tbo want of united action In this matter at tho present time will, if we mistake not, bo of serious injury. Our local market Is non est, and agents and dealers havo to find other topics of con- versation than stock. There have been no crossings since our last, but Mr. Keighran will cross about 500 or 600 fat cattle to-morrow. Messrs. Murphy and Hunt are gathorlng a mob of fat near Wagga Wagga, they purchased oiglity from Yabtree. Mr. Q. Forsyth has sold for Messrs. Cuninghain and Macredie S,600 wethers, to Messrs. M'Nicol and Quthrie. Messrs. Lnvondcr and Wilkinson have purchasod 8,000 wethers from tho Bogan Uiver Company ; they will bo shorn at Wagga. We obecrvo the flocks belonging to Messrs. Desailly, Mr. Ricketson, Mr. Blackwood, and others, havo passed the, above township, on their road to the hills. They aro being followed by many others, and loud aro tho complaints of settlers through whose runs tbo malu road passes. We regret to hear that extensive bush-fires have bcon raging in the hills-tho Land of Promlso, and fear extensive losses will emuo. From New England we hoar of a better demand existing for store sheep, but not much business doing, owing to the buyers and sellers not being agreed to prices. Whnlesalo buyers havo not at present advanced their figuro, but it is thought they must do so as tho improved Iced makes ownors mule independent. Much the same may bo said of store cattle. Our Queensland advices are to tho Oth instant. No transactions of noto aro reported, aud the market dull. Atlp-.wich, 20 lioisos, principally light hacks, wore sold at from £10 to £12 per hood ; heavy draught, £26 to £35 ; and 33 light unbroken stock, at £"3 18s. per hoad. 105 primo fat cittlo brought a fair price, but heavy arrivals wore ex- pected, lhere woio also tiki 40 cows, with calves at foot, at £2 2s. Hi. to £217s. Od. Mr. Grace's store cattle, 500, st'll remain in tho neighbourhood of Eoul'cjal. Wo notice the sore by Mcssrj. Powors, Rutherford, and Co. of ,tho Cutliornah station, on, the Ii Milbong, to Mossis. Sumner and Faed, with' 2 000 he;d of cattlo, for £18,000, half cash, balanco in uno, two, and throe years, lho weather has boon niuft utiiottlcd, dust and wind storms alternating, with moderato breezes. A few dropi of r-iu fell ou M'eduesd-y, mid this evening there wuro three s'nwt showers, though lasting only a short time. Elver down.-Pastoral Times. Hay.-It is anything but a pleasurable task to have to ro'or to the continuing drought ; but wo see nothing to bo gained by disguising the fact. Tint we are not so badly off as in ininy districts of tho neighhouilug colonies ia no consolation to us, whoro in many instances considerably over one-half of tho stock bave perished Notwithstanding tho drynoss of the season, ti oro is considerable demand for country to hold. If tho predictions of the greatest of the neather-wiso do not prove true, tb's is tho season abovo all others for laying out capital, now that tho system of making aqueducts and reservoirs' has been proved boyond a doubt of the greatest utility. If legislation bo wanted on any subjoct more than another, it Is .in regs-d.to the damming of rivers and aiding the flow of water in otherwise dry channels. But such is the drag on tbo wheels of our colonial Legislature, that tho blttorest feeling of antagonism must bo engondeicd amongst neigh- bours, lifo itsolf lost, or open doflanco to law and older, before they will movo a step in the rHit direction. There are mtny stations upon which rain has fallen only onco within periods ranging from fourteen to twenty-six montliB. Is tliore any country but Riverina that could sustain stock undor similar circumstances as these ? There is a demand for maiden owes, but at a figure1 about one-half what they wore'to bo had nt this timo last year.. On Friday and Saturday last there was every indi- cation ot rain, and about half-past fivo o'clock on Satuiday a fow drops fel', but bolug accompanied with a violent palo, carrying tho dust beforo it Uko snow dtlft, w hich lasted for about two hours, tho atmosphere was completely cleared of tho watory vapour. Tbo weather has siuco boen cool and plea- sant. Wcll-s'nkl'ig' Is sti'l bolng carried on with vigour, and with considerable success. 250 fat cattle started from Walgear's on Friday ; same day 800 fat (Dr -nilly'*) pj'icd Coldwater ; 1,000 storo will follow in a few days. Storo Sheep -0,700 crossed tho punt on monda}'. Thoy aro lrom Coreen station (late Gemmoi's), on tho Mulray, and on route for Mell mond's sutton-Fimplauipa. A gentleman who started from tho Darling fivo days ajo, inforais us that ho had seen just before starting th'eo mobs of fat cattle uioihig down tho liver.-lliverino Ad- vertiser, D:c. Î0. MINING NOTES. Beehive Mining Arsociation, T.irren_owor.-During week ending 23rd inst. 250 ounces amalgam vvoro ob- tained from pan and ripples. Tho following tributo«' ciushinga were also reported, viz:-Mencor and Co., five tons, 14oz. 4dwt. Ogr. gold; Yollar and Co., toven toni, lOoz. lOdwt. 12gr. gold ; Griffiths and Co., four tons, lOoz. 4dwt. 12gr. gold. Inu sinking of tho englno shaft is making good progress. Grand Junction Mining Association, Tarrengower. -The following crushings havo been reported for week ending 23rd inst. :-Nooll and Co., fifty-nine tons, Manton's Reef, 107oz. lOdwt. 12gr. gold ; Cow llrg and Co., thhteen tons, 16oz. 2dw-t. gold ; and Nor-11 and Co. thirty tons, 35oz. 5d\vt. gold ; making tho total return for tho week from 102 toas ISSoz. 17dwt. 12gr. gold. Eaglehawk Mining Association, Tarrengower. During weekending 23rd inst. tvvontv-ulue tons of tho Endeavour Company's stono yielded 9oz. 4dwt. gold ; £42 12b, was also recolvod for sovcuty-throo tons of public crushing. 1 Boll's Beef Mining Company, Tarrengower.-Both Lewis and Co. and Hawkes and Co. continue to raiao good stone, and the prospoots in both claims aro very encouraging. New Chum Mining Company, Bondigo.-Durin. week ending 23rd hist. 117 tons wore crushel, con slhting of sixty-fivo tons engino shaft stone, and fifty two tons from tbo Ellesmere claim, yielding Ji vr" 7dvvt. gold. Catherino Pcof (Keith's) Minlnsr Company, Bendigo. -Stone ¡B being crushed at the Cornot Company's works; but as crushing only commonccd lest Wed- nesday, it waB thought uuadvfc-blo to wash off on Saturday. A good yield is anticipate 1, as the stone looks very well. Tho oxponsos for tho week amounted to £50 16s. 7d. Coniot Company (Roglstored), B.ndigo.-During week ending 23rd inst. fifty- seven tons of the IluBt'er's Reef Btone were crushed, yielding 152o_. retorted gold ; and thirty-seven tons of the Redan, yielding thirteen ourcea retorted gold ; tho vvkolo realising £030103. Public crushing, £21. Expenses for tbo week, £17215s. Id. The crosscut is ia 100ft. from shaft. Break-o'-Day Mining Company, Bondigo.-The cut- ting down and timbering of the engino shaft havo been completed to a dootn of lOSfc. from the surfate. Tho water Is gradually increasing. Tho oxponsoj for the week amounted to £47 10s. 4d. Agamemnon Mining Company (Registered), B211 dlgc-Tho now engino shaft is complotsd to a depth or li .ty feet. Stono is belog raited from tho northern extremity of tho ground, showing gold. Bot Bot Reef Quartz-mining Company, nfir Dunolly.-Tho tributorh* torm having expire!, tho coppcr-platea have been cleaned, and 4Dnz 2dwt. 12g.\ gold obtained from same, realising £180 10s. Tho mino and plant havo again been let on tribute, and arrangements mado for sinking a permanent omrlno shaft, orecilng pumping and vwiiiling gear, aud getting the dcop ground tested. Mariner's Reef Mining Company (Roglatorcd), Mnrj borough.-Tho batteries oro employed in crush- ing tribulors' Btouo from Coldior's Reef. The erection of the winding engine is nearly completed ; and tho manager states that within a month from the timo ¡tis creeled lie will have a ci "shins from tho rich Mariner's Reef lode, from which such oxccllout ylolds vvoro foi morly obtained. Vulcan Mining Company (Boglstorod), Chewton. Tho mine and plant hp.vo been let on tributo fur a period of throo yoars, the company receiving twenty per cont. on tho groBS yield. Eaglehawk Union Company, Maldon (Dee. 23).-The washing off from a crushing of 120 tons of quartz resulted in a yield of lS2oz lOdwt. 12gi\ of gold. Tho tribulors h,vo during tho past week crushed about eighty tons moro. This thoy will not wash off until about the eud of next weok ; but from tho ap- pearance of the copper platos and ripplos, thoy fully expect the return per ton will be equal to that chronicled above. Thoy continuo their operations in tho deepest ground, as the stone ia evidontly suporlor lu quality to that broken from tho stopes. The ltllnf are again full, containing about 100 tons of quart: ready for crushing, .no dam has rrcolved a little water from tho late thunder showora, but the supply is still far short of til« (fuiuitlty really required. Albert Company, Reedy Creek.-A special meetitts of shareholders was held at the company's offices, 13! Bourko-street weat, on Saturday, when the mintos manager attended, and subinittol lils customary re port, which on this occasion provod to be of a moa satisfactory nature. Resolutions to tho effect thal trial crushings from the lodes already exposed in thi recent workings should be had forthwith, and tim futuro operations should bo conducted on a more et tended scale, having been decided upon, the moe ti ni closed with a vote of thanks to tho chairmui-Mr John M'Comiochlc. Hustler's Reef Company, Sandhurst.-Tho mana ger reports (25th December) :-" The result of ou washing up 011 Saturday was 20Soz. 15dwt. from 11 lends. Tho contractors for .Inking tho engine sha! have sunk twelve feet, and the work at presentí going on batisfactorily." . > Stringer's Creek (Dec. 22).-The Walhalla Oom pauy ure crunliluir bomo snlendld Btone, and will waa up to-morrow. Tho South Gipps Land and Alpin Companies are crush'ng much better stone than the have lind for some time. A good many mining meet IngH were hold at tho creek durlrig the week ; mid scr) Ihavo been changing hands very freely in tbe Britannii .Tubal Cato, Wellesley, aud Grey Horse Gomp-nle«, 1 -' ' 'ii,* .j..!.-,.. .')y considerably advanced prices. The Tubal Cain havo ? driven through tho reef, and aro going further into i the hill for a second reef that crops out about five yards ahead. The stouo found In tho first reof is very Í ' friable, and promise» between threonnd fourouncosi to the ton. The Vulcan Company aro going through) veo good-looking strata, and cannot lie far from the reef J they arc down f oventy-flve feut. , Tho Lilydalo I wnsh up to-moirow, and expect two ounces to the ton. { Carpen tor's Claim liatostruuk a sec.m J reef, ovorlyingi tho Hist, containing vory fine stone. Thoy will soon i have a trial crushing. , (rEit aiiEVit.uK ano limn ) ' 1 Daylesford, Dec. 20.-The following were the gold returns for last week:-Champion, forty ounces; Robert Burns, thirty ounces ; Concordia, 133oz. (four teen days) ; Exchequer, I83 oz. (six days). This com- pany tapped a sprlng and were fiooded out during* the past week, but expect to resume work In a day or two. White Star Company, 240oz. (fourteen days) ; Duke of Cornwall, filty-three ounces (fourteen days). CLUNKS, Duo. 23. Tho Port Phillip Company have .not cleared up this: week. Tbo Clune? United Company, from 350 tons, obtained 120oz, lOdwt. for the fortnight's work. The Victoria Company crushed 670 tons, which yio'ded 2C5oz. iSdwts. for the fortnight. Tho Clunes Alluvial Company washed ESoz. lldwt. for the week. NEW SOUTH WAXES MARKETS. (FROM TI1K UMJ.NKV MORNING MAKAI,!), »KO 21.) Flour.-Tills market has boen very dopresBod during the past month, and prices, as corapirod with last month, show a decline of fully £i to £5 per ton. Adelaide, first brands, range from £21 to £25 por ton, but sales can only be olfcctod in email lots. Hie arrivals from California hive causod this fall, but during tho last fow days tho nmrkot has been rather firmer, and buyers have operated more freely. Chilian flour Is quotod at £21 to £2110s., and Californian at £21 to £22. Wheat has also de- clined about Is. Od. per bushol. Adelaldo is quoted at 0s. Od. to 10s. ; Chillan, Ss. (Id. to 3s, DJ. Tho cargo of Californian wheat, ox Marian, was sold to- day, at auction, atSs. Sd. to 8s. Od. por bushel. Liquids.-Ale in bulk, duty paid, is firmer, the increaiod duty of from lu. to 3d. per gallon having caused holders to ask higher rates. As compared with last month, prices show an improvement of 6s. to 7s. Gd. per hogshead. First brands aro quotod at £7 to £7 5". ; second brands, £G 15s. Porter, in bulk, U about the samo prico as last month. Bottled alo anti noi tor aro also held for higher rates, the duty now being Od. per gallon. First brands range from 0s. to 10s. Brandy continues dull of sale. Martell's Cs. lod. to 7s. ; lionncssy's, Gs. 9d. to 7s. Hum is unaltered-30 o.p., 8s. Id. to Ss. 3d, Genova is firmer, and first brands, of low strengths and small qusn titles, rango fromlOs. to 11b. In wines there Is an improvement in the prices of first-class sherries and ports, owing to thoincreasod duty of from 2s. to 3s. Light and common wines do not, however, show any material alteration in prices. Teas are firm. There was som« speculation at the end of last month, on tho assumption that tho duty would bo doubled, and several cargoes were placed at full rates, the trade having operated freely. To-day th« cargo of new congou teas ex Asia was sold at the following prices :-Modluut teas, £7 6s. to £7 15s. ; rations, £0 to £0 Os. per chost. Tho prosont quota- tion!, for congous range from £810s. to £10 per chest. Sugars continuo firm, and tho Improvement noticed last month has bton fully maintained, and, ia some instances, a further advance has boon roalised. The Bugar company lias bought freely, and this has tondctl materially to strengthen prices. Tho quota- tions are as follows :-Mauritius rations, £29 to £31 ; dark counters, £83 to £36 ; light counters, £37 to £40 ; crystal-, £42 to £44 per ton. Coffee is without any alteration. Plantation, 12d. to 13d. per lb. In bond ; Manilla, Od. por lb. In bond. Candles have advanced fully 2d. per lb,, owing to tho increased value of tallow. Full weight* aro quoted lit 12d.to 12Jd. per lb. ; light weights, scarce, and nominally lOd. to 10Jd. per lb. Colonial Producs.-Wool.-Tho season has now fairly commenced, and large salos havo takon placo prhately and at auction during tho month. The quantity of greasy wool to hand this yoar Is larger than usual, and prices have ranged at auction at from 6d. to 10¿d. per lb. ; fleece, Is. to is. lOd. ; scoured, Is. 2d. to Is. lid. About 3,700 bales of wool have been offered at auction during the month, but not more than half this quantity has boon disposed of, the reserves fixed by tho owners being too high, and buyers not willing to opei ate oxcoptat prices about 2d. per lb. lower than tho rates obtained in England for laet season's clip. Shceptklns aro without any alteration. The prices realised at last sales by auction raugod from lid. to 7¿d. per lb. Tallow.-Tho nmrkot has boon vory firm, and prices have improved from £2 to £8 per ton. Tho I nows from Kngland by the mail h»B caused prlcos to ha\o an upward tendency. Tho quotations are: Mutton, £42 to £14; mixed, £3S to £40. Beor. £3S to £80 ; mixod, £38 to £37 15s. Hides havo bcon dull of salo. First class heavy weights, howerer, command full rato«. At auction last week, first-class hides ranged from 18s. Gd. to lGs. SO. ; medium, 10s. to 12s. OJ. ; light and inferior, 5b. to 10s. Bice is filmer and stocks very small. Tho duty of £2 per ton, which is now Imposed on. this articlo, has caused holden to raise the prico, and Patua is now quoted at £23 to £24 por ton. Snltis not quite so firm. Liverpool, dolivercdat, the ship's side, Is quoted at £3.5?. to £3 10s. Fino salt is £3 10s. to £3 15s. Kock salt has boen bought up, and is now quoted at £1 10s. to £5 103. por ton. ? c Di led fruits aro in request, as is usual at this soason of tho year, at Improved rates ; tho duty of 10s. lisa also strengthened prices. Raisin«, 7d. to Sd. per lb. Figs, none in tho market, and prico nominal. Currants, 6d. per lb.' Almonds, 7id. for colt sholls, and Jordan Is. 4d. to 1b. Gd. Dried apples Cid. to OJd. Provisions aio vory scarce. Hams, Is. Od. to le. 7d. ; bi-cou, Is. 3d. to l8. Cd. ; choc:e, 1«. 4d. to Is. 6d. per lb. Oilmen's stores cont'nuo In request, particularly oils and pickle?, which aro tsleablo at Improved ratos. Joins and bottled fruits are, howevir, not so firm, stocks boing heavy, û. Tobncco.-Wo have noth'ng vory now to report, slnco our last monthly not'eo of this mirket. Stocks of the manufactured articlo havo fortunately not buffered much horn accumulation, our tiado being almost exclusively confined to an export business. Wo can scarcely givo quotations in the present capri-« clous state of the tobacco msrket. Cigars.-Stocks of Mauillas aro not over fifty or sixty cases in bond, but those aro dlticultoisale, tho, trade in tho article novor having boon so du'l-r.n entire abeonco of speculative or wholesale purch-sors. No. 2's nro quoted at, tay, OZi. to 57s 61. Small parcels of good Havannahs havo reoontiy found a market here, but there is no great consumption, and tlioy aro only sold by two or three in the trade. WIND AND WEATHER REPORT. (by k-ictrio tklboratu.) December. 20, 9 a.m. VICTORIA. Queenscliff.-Wind E,, ll"ht; weather Aro. Baro- meter, 30-25 ; thermometer, f 3. 4 p.m. : Wind E.S. E., niudeiato ; weathor (lue, hay. Barometer, CO-22 ; thermometer, C5. Cape Schanck.-Wind E., light; weather clear, fine. Barometer, 20 03 ; thermometer, 61. 3 p.m. : Wind E.S.E., raoiomto; weather misty. Barometer, Î0-DO ; thermometer, 07. Capo Otway,-Wind N.E, light; weather fire, hosy, oveiejst. Barometer, 29 030 ; thormomotor, 01 -t j. 8 p.in , Wind F., moJerate ; weather fine, hazy. Buiomotor, 20 0C5; thcimomotcr, 01. MAILS OUTWARD. It Is onnouncod at tho General Post Office that mails will be made up tor the undermentioned voisels, closing as follows : * Western, str., for Warrnambool, Bolfast, and Port-' land, this day, at 11.16 a.m. Gulnare, for Victor Harbour, this day, at 3 p.m. * Penola, str., for Port MacDonnell, Robe, and Ade- laide, 28th December, at 8.16 a.m. * You Yangs, str., for Sydnoy, Newcastle, and queensland, 28th December, at 12.15 p.m. ' City of Melbourno, str., for Sydnoy, ¡te, 28th De- cember, at 2 p.m. * Gothenburg, str., for Hokltika and Nelson, 29th December, at 3 p.m. * Aldinga, str., for Adelaide, 20th December, at 1.15 p.m. * Alhambra, sir., for Bluff Harbour, Otago, and Canterbury, EOth December, at 1 p.m. LanarkBh''e, for london, 80th Decombor, at 5.30 p.m. , Champion of tho Seas, for London, 2nd January, at 8.80 p.m. Result, for London, 4th January, at 2 p.m. Note.-Lottors for vossols against tho names of which this mark (*) 1b placed will bo received, if boar lug the "Too-late" fco in addition to tho postage, for a quarter of an hour after tho appointed tlnio of closing. Roglstcrcd letters and newspapers must be posted one hour prior to tho time appointed for closing as above, and before four p.m. 