vocal and Geteral ..ears. CaiczET.-A match was played yester day between the Heathcote and Rushworth clubs, on the Rushworth ground. Tl e Heathcote eleven was composed of the following gentlemen, viz:-Messrs. Char. Robinson, G. Sutherland, A. Cameron, H. Cameron, W. Robinson, J. Kemp, T. Drewett, T. M'Dougall, J. Trevaskis, and J. Brotherton.' We have not heard the names of the Rushworth eleven, nor-the result of the match. MA.AGE3ENT OF. THE Con E NS.--The MaInagera of the United Town and,'Gold fields' Common held a meeting on Tuesday for the purpose of appointing a herdsman. The appointment ;was given. to. Williamn H. Winch. A Dves STORM.--On Saturday last the most disagreeable weather it is-possible to imagine was experiencedat Heathcote, The horrors of the drought appeared- as.if cul minating in the total destruction of'all vege table life. From an early hour in the morning'the wind-blew in strong- gusts of warm wind from N.N.W., which increased in violence as the sun passed the meridian, when .the heat became more oppressive and the squalls more violent. Immense clouds of dust,- resembling hot ashes, swept -down High-street, which rendered progress 'in travelling northvards at tiines impossible. The late high winds had it appears found out most of the weak roofsand buildings, as only in one instance have we heard of damage being done to any extent. In this case Mr. Jackson's sew photographic-rooms came to grief; and a few stray sheets of iron and zinc were here and-there seen-fly ing about. This day. finally., settled .the question when the green pea season should, terminate in this district ; the fruit-trees suffered considerably; both-with the force of the wind and the temperature. - -In the evei ing immense clouds of vapour- rolled up, accompanied by thunder and lighting, which atabo ht midnight were followed by aswel come shower of rain, but scarcely sufficient to convert whait little dust the wind left be hind into mud. Several bush-fires were seen raging.invarious directions during the. day and evening;: one of these fires,- fanned by the violent gusts of wind, came up Ger man Gully, and at night the range-along by ,Surface Hill was marked by, a line of fire, which could be seen blazing away froh the township. JuMPnNG TEE HTrr on Miss CLATr, REnD casnLE.-The Hit or Miss claim was jum ped directlfyrafterthe. late dispute was settled in the Court of Mines by Mr. Clarke, one-of-the disputants", and-Mr. Oobblediok; The Warden had no alternative but to de clare the claim forfeited, of course, allowing compensation. Assessors were chosen, and the plant, &c.;, was. valued at £601 5s The money not being ;forthcpoing, the original holders, the Hit or Miss Company, took possession, and have let this valuable mine on tribute. Some of our best mines are rendered almost unproductive by want of management, more than from any deficiency of gold. This claim has yielded on an average 7ozs. lldwts. 6grs. to 'the ton on 162 tons crushed. From twelve tons the company obtained the magnileont ieturn of 2550ozs. 18dwts. If this claim was in the hands of a really energetic, practical, and experienced manager, backed with a small capital to start with, it would soon prove itself a second Alabama. THE 3I'Ivoa ALLUVIAL GOLa MiNLNG COMPAN.Y.--The engine of this company is now on the road, and will shortly arrive. This looks like business, and courts success, which we are sure will follow. The engine will be erected below the Survey Office; the capital of the proposed company is £12,000 ; but we feel sure that with the expen!liture of half that 'sum, very large dividends will be declared by this company. 