MOUNT REMAttK-ARr.w. (From our own Corrpjmnndprt 1 TTia fimoral nf tha 1a The funeral of the late Mr. G. B. Smith, S.M., took place on Wednesday morning, November 8, the procession leaving Melrose at about 10 o'clock and arriving at the Cemetery iu the following order:—The corpse on a car—high teen brethren of the Loyal hew Melrose Oddfellows' Lodge as chief mourners, walking two and two, in the mourning sashes of the Order—Mr. C. H. Pearson, J. P., and Dr. Bewieke, surgeon to the lodge Eight gentlemen, tradesmen, two and two—The Bev. T. Nowetl Twopeny, M.A.—Mr. C. H. Smytlie, Clerk of the Local Court, followed by a number of gentlemen and others, amounting in all to about 45. The Bev. H. Howitt joined the mourners at the grave. The burial service was read in an impressive and solemn manner by the Bev. T. Nowell Twopeny. The Oddfellows' funeral address was read by Mr. Guilford Gray, the first part in the Loageroom and the second part over the grave, after the custom of the Order, of which the deceased was an honorary member. The sad circumstance of Mr. Smith's death cast a melancholy gloom. over the place. Many persons were doubtless prevented from attending the funeral by the necessarily short notice; and some few by the busy times at the stations. We have just experienced a great loss in the de parture of Mr. C. H. Pearson, J.P-, who is intend ing to leave the colony. During his short stay amongst us he has earned for himself the sincere regards of many and the respect of all with whom he came in contact by his kindness, affability, and courtesy. As a Magistrate he was just and im partial, and as a townsman showed that he had the welfare of the place at heart. For several Sundays, between the change of curates, he acted as lay reader, giving two services a day at the Court Bouse, which must have been a heavy tax on a man who had come out for a holiday to regain his health. He takes with hici the good wishes of all, and bad times been more prosperous the people of Melrose would probably have giien him a farewell dinner or some other public acknowledgment of esteem before his departure; but in the present state of affairs no .one has spirit to strut any such movement I have been informed that Mr. Tolmer, jun., has been appointed Crown Lands Banger of this district, in the room of Mr. McEllister. The summer Iras now fairly set in with intense heat, and bushfires are already prevalent Small fires have occurred on the Bartygunia and Wirrab bara Buns, and fur the last two or three days there has been every appearance of large conflagrations on Crystal Brook, Booyoolee, Bundaleer, and Ca nowiel - Last night there seemed to be signs of fire in the neighbourhood of Baroota. 