TORNADO AT BEECHWORTH. (From the Ovens Advertiser, October 28.) Last Thursday evening Beechworth and the surrounding neighborhood were visited by one of the most violent storms ever experienced in the Ovens district. During the day the heat was most oppres- sive, and the heavy copper- colored clouds which gathered in the sky gave hopes of a speedy downfall of the long-wished-for rain. The sun set amidst clouds of dark purple, the atmosphere appeared charged with electricity, and there was every ap- pearance of a heavy thunderstorm setting in. From half-past 6 until 7 o'clock the wind rose and blew in sudden gusts, at in- tervals. For about half an hour a com- parative calm ensued, the wind dying away with a strange mournful sound, until half-past 7 o'clock, when it suddenly rose, and blowing nearly due north, swept over the town with almost irresistible fury, carrying with it clouds of dust so dense that it was impossible to see lights across the street. Houses were unroofed and blown down, large sheets of zinc, huge beams of timber, and large stones were hurled by the tempest to an incredible dis- tance, and one sheet of galvanised iron striking against a post was doubled up like a sheet of paper. The citizens were in a quandary, the perplexing question being- whether they had better remain in-doors until their houses were blown down upon them, or venture in the street to brave the shower of debris that would there assail them? The whole front of the Common School, in Ford-street, was blown out, and fell upon tho footpath in a huge mass. Mr. Kerstein, butcher, of New Town, was standing for shelter between the school and the building known as Craig's store, which adjoins it, when this happened, and it is a matter of congratulation that he escaped unhurt. A window of the Church of Eng- land was blown in, and part of the ridging stripped off. The premises of Mr. McLean, in Ford-street, used as a coach factory, received severe damage, a portion of the roof being stripped and part of the front blown down. The Baptist Chapel, in Ford-street, was also nearly blown down; and although at present it is kept up by props, it is doubtful whether it can again be placed in a perpendicular position with- out being pulled down and rebuilt. The house of Mr. Robert Cunningham was entirely unroofed, and many other buildings either completely or partially so. The end of the forage store at the police station was blown down, and numerous windows in the town have been broken by stones blown against them. To enumerate all the damage which has accrued to buildings through this tremen- dous storm would be next to impossible, as there are few houses in the town but what bear some evidence of its violence. That " the battle is not always to the strong" has been exemplified in the wonderful fact that our Town Hall, although in a most shaky condition, and evidently on its last legs, has withstood the fury of the gale, while many an apparently stronger building has come to grief. During the half-hour that the hot wind continued to blow with such fearful violence it occasionally veered round to the westward, and at times appeared to blow from nearly all points of the compass. The moon shone brightly the whole time, and the south- western horizon was lighted up by sheet lightning. The accounts received from the bush speak of trees uprooted in all direc- tions, fences blown or dashed down, and bush-fires fanned into fury by the wind. The road to the Nine-Mile is rendered in many places impassable, through thc number of broken trees lying across it. Great damage has been done to the tele- graph wire throughout the entire district. Near the Rev. John K Macmillan's house, a large tree fell on the wires, and broke them. The same thing has happened near the Vine Hotel; also between Beechworth and the Black Springs, and at various other places along the line of telegraph. At Stanley, a stable of Mr. Dyring's in course of erection was partially blown down, and eighteen trees are lying across the main road between that town and Beechworth. At the Three-mile it is reported that a digger has sustained some injuries, though not of a serious nature, through his hut being blown down upon him. During the fury of the storm the Rev. Father Tierney was preaching in the Roman Catholic Chapel at Beechworth; thc walls were seen to shake, and a sudden panic seized upon the congregation, which was with difficulty quelled. Had a rush to the door taken place, the consequences might have been serious. We are sorry to have to record that at Chinaman's-flat, near Hurdle-flat, a large branch of a tree was blown down, and fell upon a hut in which were two Chinamen, crush- ing it in. One of them died before he could be conveyed to the District Hospital, and the other at present lies in a very precarious state in the same institution. An inquest was held on the body of the deceased yesterday, and a verdict in accord- ance with the facts returned. At about half-past eight o'clock the wind fell, and the night became beautifully calm; and, with the exception of an oc- casional gust of wind, continued so until morning. Every appearance of rain had vanished yesterday, and only a few drops fell during the night. The heavy blocks of clouds travelled in a south-easterly direction, and the sky became serene and clear. Every one is busy examining into the extent oi damage done, and looking after missing portions of their property, some of which were carried to a great distance. A Frenchman's Comparison of London and Paris-According to the Pall-Mall Gazette, a writer in the La Revue Contempo- raine shows that " Paris is like a pretty woman who captivates you ot first sight, but in whom you every day discover moral imperfections, all tho more distressing because ber countenance raised our expectations; whereas London is like a plain woman who rivets your affections by her charms of heart and mind." The extent of London is fifty square miles. Six-and-thirty different localities, now agglomerated into one gigantic whole, make up London, which stretches from Kensington to Greenwich, and from Hampstead to Wimbledon; which has ten parks, 200 squares, and 200,000 houses. Paris has only 30.000 houses. The extent of London compared with that of Paris is as 31 to 7. And yet in spite of its prodigious extent, and its population of nearly 3,000,000, London is more comfortable in every way than Paris. 