GEELONG POLICE COURT. Tuesday, March 7. (Before the Police Magistrate) MALICIOUSLY FIRING GRASS. Alfred Felstead, a very respectable-looking and well-dressed jonug man, who lives at Moonee Ponds, was charged by Mr. Robert Chirnside with wilfully and maliciously set ting fire in thegrass on the station of Mr. Thomas Chirnside of the Werrlbee, on Mon dyt February 27 caussing damage to the amount of £3,600. Mr. Harwood appeared for tbe prosecution, and Mr. Guy for tbe prisoner. Mr. Harwood called the following wit nesses Trooper Cowderoy deposed that he was at theWeirlbee on tbe 27th of February last. Saw the prisoner and a boy named Flowers there. Tbe boy waa driving a heavy cart, and tbe prisoner bad a spring-cart. The boy left a little after two o'clock, and - the prisoner started not lobg after him. After he had been gone sometime witness saw a fire break oat about a mile and a half away, on Mr. Chirn stde's land. In the direction be had gone. He rode after him to the fire, but conld see nothing of him. He traced the tracks of the wheels along tbe road, and saw where they had turned off on to the grass. He followed on, and shortly alter aaw another fire com mence. He oonld see nothing of the prisoner till he got to Donald Cameron's farm, where some men bad bim detained In charge. He then arrested him on the statement of one Frier M'Keliar. Robert Chirnside deposed thai on Monday, the 27th February, being apprehensive of danger from bush-fires, he rode ontabmt two o'clock in the afternoon in the direction of tbe Little User, to see if any fires existed in J that direction, and, finding none, he returned. Shortly afterwards be bbw three separate bush-fires suddenly start up, in tire very direction in which he had been, within half an hour. The first one was nearest to the head station, and as there were 8,000 sheep in a dangerous position near it, he rode out and got them placed in safety, and then rods off | to the next fire. He next rode on to the third fire, and got all the men he conld to asrist in staying its progress; but, from the terrific ] wind blowing, and the quantity of grass, no man conld with any safety approach near I the fire in most placer. A sudden change of | wind enabled them at last to conquer the fine, and he then aaw tbe [dace where a fonrth attempt had been made to fire tire station, but the firs had not spread very far. The person who had fired the run had evidently selected the beet plaoe to hum his brother out, as but for. the change of wind tbe fire must have swept all before it right down to the sealsacb. Did not see the prisoner at all on the dny of the fire. Relieved he was a man of some property, and his father-in-law, whose name was Wilson, lived near the burnt Sound. Could net conceive any inducement a prisoner conld have to destroy his bro ther's property. Never had any transactions with him. Had been told the prisoner some time ago expressed strong hostility to him, but be conld not imagine why. The amount nf less sustained by the fire was 10,000 acres of crass, veined at over £2,000; 2,000 sheep, valued at ever £1.000; and twenty head of cettl-, veined at £120. Peter M Kellar deposed.—On the day of the fire in question, and before there were more then two fires visible, I saw a spring-cut coming along the Government road, not far from the Werribee, and in the direction of the Little River. The cart stopped suddenly, the man in it jumped out, seemed to bend himself j down for a very short time, and then sud denly jumped into the cart again, and drove off This would be between two and three o'clcck in the afternoon. 1 thought his con coct strange, and watched the plaoe for a little time, when I notioed smoke rising rapidly, and the fire running along the plain. 1 saw that bv taking a abort cat across a paddock I conld overture tbe cart, and I did to. The prisoner was tbe young man driving it. He bad a bottle in one band, with a hole in the side of it. I said to him, " This is a nice work yen are employed at, setting fire to the grass." He arid, I know nothing about it" I said, " Yon most go down with me to Mrs. Grass's place, and explain your conduct" He consented to do so, and went When there, I accused him of firing the grass. He rt plied, "Either yon most be a fool, or yon most think me one, to suppose I would set fin to my father-in-law's property." It was not on his father-in-law's land I saw the fire rising. It waa on land rented by Donald Cameron bom Mr. Chlrnride. 1 believe a small phoe of his father-in law's land was afterwards burnt After getting into the cart the prisoner took a very circuitous ronte to his father-in-law's. From what I said to Trooper Cowderoy be arrested the prisoner. To Mr. Guy.—Was examined at the last j examination of the prisoner. Swore then i that I did not know who the man in the cart was. The prisoner was exerting himself to put the fin ont I did not give informa tion to the police nt the time, beoanse they were not then. What I meant by saying! did not'know the prisoner was that I did not know him at the time I saw him get oat of the cart. I waa very much surprised when I discovered that the prisoner was the man in the cart. John Rees deposed that he was driving a load of sand up the Government road where tbe fire broke oat on the day in question. His brother wis with him. Met the prisoner on the road about three o'clock in the after noon, In a spring-cart. Met no other person ; on theroad but Mr. R. Chirnside and one of his shepherds. We saws fire when we got [ about three mile* from where we had left the j Werribee. U waa about two miles bom OS. We suddenly saw a second fire within a mile of as, and then a third fire within about half a mile of us. Tbe first fire had evidently been firit lighted, then the second, and then the third, by tome one oomlng towmrds us. Jori as we rew the last fire the prisoner came in* 1 vthlcie up to os from Us dlreotlon. Witness said to him," That is a denoe of a fire." Pri soner asked Where ?" and he replied, "Why, you have just left it," Ha then said, "1 saw nothing of it. He had a bottle of grog with him, and asked witness to have a drink. The prisoner had a bottle of spirits with him. He then left to go towards the river. In about ten minutes afUr faeJmd .left us witnesses brother called out " Look, there's another fire right behind us." On looking roond, saw the fonrth fire. It wag ion Mr.tChinuide's land, and seamed to have jest been started. The prisoner would be jwt about the spot where it began Wa drove over it about a quarter of an hour be fore, ana there was not a sign of fire to bt "'^^rDonrid. a foreman on the Geeiong j and Melbourne Railway, deposed that about a quarter to tone o'clock on the afternoon of the day in question be saw a fire break ootnear Mr. Chlrnslde's station, and shortly afterwards he saw a vehicle prooeedlng along theroad towards the Werribee. The vahloto was about 200yards from the fiie. In a short time afterwards he saw aseoood fire break out in tbe direction the vehicle had gone, and then a third one. Tbe vehicle was going on theisms road that Raw subsequently came upon. David Broughton, a contractor, deposed to seeing the fires on the day in question, and to seeing a spring oart, drawn by n bay hone, ns within a few minutes after teeing the lire. There was a man in the cart, but he oonld not identify him. Witness saw no- ; body else near the fire bnt the man in the spring cart. Could have teen them if they were there Tracked the wheels of the cart, and found-that fiber pesmd within three fret of the edge of the reed where the fire origt TbotnM Flowers, » boy about ten yean of m deposed that on the day in oaeetlon the prisoner end -became from Jfiooaee Fonda, near Melbourne, to the Werribee, each driving a cart. ITjey stayed there to dinner. After that the prisoner told him to go on and be would overtake him. He gave me dine* tioni how to go. I waa going to the farm of the prisoner's father-in-law, for aome pigs. He overtook me at about a mile from the ! Went bee. As be came up I eaw a fire behind bfm in the .grass, He went en and named He i" me. He drove moth .quicker than I did; I had a heavier cart. After he went on I aaw smoke etedManee ahead; It -did not teem to be in the di motion he went. Donald Cameron deposed to aeelog the fires on the day In question, and detailed. eimUarlv to the other witnesses, how he saw them originate. In 1 .... the afternoon, after the fires were pat oar, he eaw Felstead; and Peter M'KelUr aaid to him, in prisoner's presence, that the latter fired the grass. The prisoner made no reply, bnt hang his head down. About four months ago, whilst in conversation with the prisoner, the latter add be did not like Mr. Chtrnslde at ail that he was n hound, and anything but n gentleman. Trooper £1'Williams, who, with Cowderoy, arrested the prisoner, said he found a large number of wax matches loose in his trousers pockets. This closed the esse for the prosecution, and the prisoner declining to eay anything, be was committed for trial at the next Circuit Court, on the 26th of April next. Hr. Goy applied to have the prisoner ad mitted to beiL Hr. Haiwood begged the Bench to bear in mind that after being arrested the prisoner told the constables fie meant to leave the country. The Bench told Mr. Guy to submit his bail for their consideration, and in the mean time the prisoner was locked up. The Bench enbsrquently agreed to accept two responsible sureties of £100 each, and the prisoner's re cognizance of ££00. 