KYNETON. The bush-fires that have been raging in this district during the last few days have gained in intensity day by day. Miles of bush country have had to yield to the devouring element, and in many cases farms and grass paddocks hare been one after the other de- stroyed. Between Carlsruhe and Kyneton, towards the Bald-hill, a large fire has been raging for more than a week, and on Monday and Sunday it increased in intensity, sweep ing away forms and homesteads in its relent- less path. On Monday, between ten and eleven o'clock, the fire swept across the pad- dock of Mr. Argyle, and attacked the fences of Mr. Halliday, whose farm is just verging on the township. Sweeping across the farm, the flames quickly caught the outhouses; the hay- stack, a stack of straw, stables and everything except the dwelling-house itself, were soon en- veloped in fire. The fire was seen from the township and a large number of townspeople went across to render what assistance was in their power, and they succeeded in saving the dwelling- house, which was literally the only thing upon the farm that was not de stroyed. A large stack of hay, supposed to weigh forty tons, a stack of straw, the stable. in which was the harness. outhouses, and barns were all destroyed. Four times the fire caught the dwelling-house. All the furniture, bedding, &c; had to be removed. The pro prety after the fire was somewhat subdued presented a most deplorable .aspect,, the ground ban and black, stumps of trees still burning, and the house—a mere wreck—the only object above the level of the soil. A crop of potatoes facing the road was partially but not altogether destroyed. Mr, Halllday, as Is well known, has been bedridden for some time past, and it was with difficulty he could be persuaded to submit to removal, so utterly uncconscious was he of his danger. None of the property was insured. Sweeping along towards the pound, the fire next attached the farm of Messrs. Mills and M'Donald. Here the fire taught about three o'clock, and swept everything before it with the force of a whirl- wind, bidding defiance to any steps to stay Its progress. The dwelling, outhouses, barns, &o;, two or three stacks of com. and the entire produce were completely burnt down in an incredibly short space of time. The next place that caught was that of Mr. Crawford, and the same fierce rapidity characterised the manner in which the fire destroyed.his farm. Two stacks of corn, outhouses, fencing, and in fact everything except the animals, were destroyed. The next place to succumb was that of Mr. Martin, popularly known as Rosemary-garden ; and without exception this was—before destroyed by the fire—one of the finest gardens in this district. What was once the garden is now one burnt black patch of barren soil, denuded of every vestige of cultivation. The build- ings, outhouses, piggeries, &c.;, are all de- stroyed, together with a quantity ofoats and other produce. The farm of Mr. G. Pell was the next to submit to the mastery of the devouring element, and the same relent- less fury whioh previously prevented any- thing bring saved also had effect here. Mr. Pell's dwellinghouse, his barn, outhouses, two waggons, 4,000 to 5,000 bushels of grain, and the entire crop of the season, were destroyed. 'Next was that of Mr. C. Pell, whose barn, stable, and an Immense quantity of oats, roughly computed at between 5,000 and 6,000 bushels, were destroyed. By immense exer- tions on the part of those about, the dwelling- house was saved. Mr. Darby's place was on fire almost simultaneously, and everything on the farm of this gentleman was completely destroyed, not a stick of vestige remaining. Mr. Yeaman's place was also on fire, but we are not in a position to state the amount of de- struction. The farms of Mr. Gallagher and Mr. Welsh caught, and their houses, stacks of hay and straw were alt destroyed. It is of course impossible as yet oven to estimate the amount of damage that has been done by this fire, but it will be immense, and will cause the complete ruin of many hardworking thriving families. The manner in which the fire first originated is not known. Many of the oldest residents in the district say that not even on the well-remembered "Black Thursday" was the heat so Intense as it was yesterday. The scene where the fire had been, as it swept in its onward course, was de- plorable to witness. Miles of land that a short time before had presented all the evi- dences of the highest cultivation, and on which were erected good and substantial dwellings, were no more than blackened and useless forest land, fences destroyed, and, in fact, every vestige of cultivation swept away. Whatever Black Thursday was, Monday, the 27fh of February, 1866, will long be remem- bered as an evil and terrible day in this dis- trict. Last night, as the sun went down, the picture presented was terribly grand—miles of country presenting a face of continued fire, with the flame creeping up and spitting forth from (he top of the forest trees, reminding one more of a raging volcano than of what is ordinarily known as a bush fire. We have since heard that, in addition to those mentioned above, Mr. Kearny's place took fire, as also that of Mr. O'Brien adjoin- ing, and nearly everything on the two places was destroyed. Mr. Kearny, who was con- fined to his bed, had to be carried out of his house. A large stack of corn and other pro- duce, besides fencing, were destroyed on Mr. Kearny's farm. It is also rumoured that Mr. Govette station has been devastated by the fire, and the home station, dwellings, &c.;, completely swept away. There is little doubt we shall hear of very much more destruction yet. A smart shower of rain has fallen, put- ting an end to further danger at present, but the fires are still burning in patches, especially amid the trees. 