Local & General Intelligence Death from Thirst. — A telegram from Adelaide reports a horrible occurrence on the Ana branch of the Murray. A man and his wife and five children started for Darling to find employment, and missed the road, and when found by a traveller, the five children were dead, and the man and woman apparently on the point of death, having been without water five days. Both have recovered. Reward for Bushrangers. — The Govern ment have offered a reward of £100 for the apprehension of Frederick Ward, otherwise known as Captain Thunderbolt, and £50 each for his accomplices. Bush Fires. — For the past four days large bush fires have raged in the neighbourhoods of Lacmalac, Gocup, and Tabletop. That at Tabletop was a very large one, and extended down to George Dunn's fence, but as watch was kept no injury to his property was sustained. We have heard that these fires have been lighted by the free selectors, for the purpose of driving off the sheep from the runs ; in fact Mr. Rash with his 12,000 left Gocup this week. If it be true that the bush was set on fire simply for selfish motives, we pronounce it a malicious act, for with the present dearth of herbage such incendiaries might, with as much justice, put a lighted match into a poor man's wheat stack. These fired having swept off every blade of grass, horses and cattle now stray for feed, and should they happen to trespass on some piece of unburnt pasture that happens to be private property, as a matter of course they are instantly impounded. Thus it will be seen that more evils than one attend the firing of the bush. An Eccentric Animal. — Sheep are generally looked upon as stupid, dull animals, upon whom any attempt at education is thrown away, and they are considered incapable of doing anything but grow wool and fatten themselves up for the butcher. There is, in the possession of Mr. Foley, who resides at the London-crossing known as Foley's bridge, a pet sheep eighteen months oil, who, in this iustance at least, proves that they are gifted with other powers, and are capable of receiving education to a hijjh degree. Thi3 sheep is obedient to every word of his master. He will lie down, get up, or smoke a cigar at the word of command, and ia every way shows himself an intelligent quadruped. During the process of civilisation he has, however, acquired some vices. He chews tobacco like a sailor, and drinks beer with avidity. When under the influence of liquor he becomes quite mad, and plays strange and frantic freaks. He is not particular in his food, but will chew bacon with as much gusto as tender grass. — Inglewood Advertiser. Revision of the Jury List. — The adjourned Court of Petty Sessions was held at Tumut yesterday, when the Jury List was revised by tbe Police Magistrate and L. Mandelson Esq., J.P. Those magistrates who were absent are probably not aware that for non-attendance they are liable to a fine £10. Another Fire. — On Monday last as our neighbour Doneiley tbe tinsmith was at his workshop preparing to start on a business tour, his dwelling house, which is situated on McFarlane's Creek, was burned to the ground, together with every particle of bedding, wearing apparel, furniture, and £4 15s. in money. How tbe fire originated is a mystery for we hear tbat before the family left, the few burning embers were totally extinguished This catastrophe happened at a most unfortu nate time, as it will delay this bard-working man in prosecuting a plan wherewith to make a few pounds. A subscription was set on foot immediately, and. every one who was asked tangibly sympathised with this poor family. 