¿PLOMERO Ußr. TUESDAY MORNING, NOV. 21,1865. IT, would bo idle to pretond indifference to the result of this day's election. If wo made any such protonco, wo should be placing ourselves outsido tho curront of gonoral public fcoliug, and belyoiug our ardent as- pirations. Thoro has boen no oloction hore for many a long day, that has boen takenup wjih BO much warmth as that which takos plaço,to-day for the district, or upou which it has boon felt that so much dopondod. Tho government look upon it, of course, as big with their own fate. But that is a jnifjtako.' Their fato is docided, whatever the result of this day's election, and those who>. vote for them, therefore, under gT1I('j)oliof that they shall assist in securing thom an extension of office, Will Tote in error. They muBt go out when p'árliáinont next meots, whether Mr. "WILSON iaireturued or not. That has boen decidod npon from ono end of the colony to the oth]er, and no further shuffling of the cards eau save thom. If there was nothing else tô"hang as a mill-stone round their necks, and weigh them down, the stato of their . finances would do it. By their gross mis- management of those, they have brought the colony to the brink of ruin, and all thoy havo to offer in the way of excuse ÍB, *"? Who would havo thought it ?" Such a government ought not to bo allowod to jremain in office oue hour, if it were possible. But tho legislature rendered that impossible jjfo; allowing thom to rattle through the business of lost session at a hand gallop, -that'is, in a little less than two montliB, taking into account the interruptions. We, have thus clearly enough indicated toe aide on which our leanings lie. We are, as we have been all through, for those [ who desire a change. But we do not desire a change for mere change's sake. We desire it, first, as a means of helping us out ¿f our existing financial difficulties, and, next, ' as a stepping stone to the adoption of a general railway policy. That is the ground [ of our preference of Mr. Frsn to Mr. WILSON on this occasion, and that we have many reasons to believe is the ground on which he will bo honored to-day with a .majority of votes. We may be misled in our expectations, as all aro liable to be misled in electioneering times, but should we be misled,-of which we have no fear, however,-that would not retard the cause of progress. It would strengthen it. It would make the people more resolute than ever on the railway question. It would lead to combinations, which it would not be in the power of any government to withstand. It would render the expulsion of the present government from office more certain, if that were pos- sible. The people have at length been roused to a just appreciation of the gross cheat that has been practised upon thom for the last three years or thereabouts. They seo now how grossly they were deceived by the men who boasted of having a policy in their pockets, whereby a new face was to be put upon' things, if the treasury benches were only handed over to them,-and what is more, they feel it. Everything has been on the run downwards for the last three years, I trade, finance, the value of property» with all else,-and what ia to stop1 it? There can be no stop , to it, with- out the ejection of the present men from office, and if voting for Fran in preference to WILSON would make " assurance doubly sure" in that respect, what independent or patriotic elector would vote otherwise? THE question of State forests is occupying a largo share of public attention in Victoria. This arises chiefly out of ¿he destruction of timber in that country for mining purposes. So vast is that destruction as almost to sur- pass' belief. In reference to it, we take the following from a report to the legislative assembly on the subject generally:-"A great number of persons employ themselves in cutting timber for the mines. They fell the best, and destroy more than they use, consequently, there is unnecessary waste. Persons resident on the goldfields destroy also an immense number of fine trees, by taking sheets of bark from them for roofing their huts. Instead of at once felling a tree, and removing from it several sheets of bark of the required size, they generally take one sheet of bark only from each tree, which is left standing with a portion of its trunk entirely denuded of bark; and it soon perishes, and ultimately becomes a prey to bush-fires. We havo ascertained that one rery great agent of destruction is fire. The ,vood-cutters leave tho tops of the troes on ,he ground ; and the branches and brush vood, when dried by the summer heat, be some the means of spreading the ravages of .Ho-buah-flreSj- wbiA rapidly destroy lio«.tl,_ »11 the surrounding green'timber." * *",t* This is much to be deplored, both on climatic and agricultural grounds, which aro in this case to a great extent identical. On the Australian mainland, the temperature is much higher than it is hero, and the des- truction of the timber there cannot fail to increase the tendency to ' drought. All know what that means, both as regards health, and as regards the natural products of the country. Tho chances of tho former are dminished, and the number of the latter is decreased. So forcibly is this brought out in the columus of one of our Melbourne con- I temporaries, that we make no apology for taking his exact words :-" Nature will not havo her harmonies violated with impunity, and after dearly-bought experience, it is at last recognised that forests are absolutely requisite to mitigate the extremes of climate ; that, more than anything else, they are the groat moisture gatherers ; that they feed the «louds audprotectand enlarge the springs and streams. Deplorable, indeed, have been the consequences in nearly every country where nature's economy has been doranged by their indiscriminate destruction. The blight- ing mistral pronounced by DussABD'tho child of man, of his devastations,' was never known in France until the woods of tho Covennos were burnt down in a mass, in tho reign of, the first ßoraan Emperor, and chroniclers mention that tho first visit of this wind on the fertile plains of Provence, where it has been periodical ever since,was regarded by the inhabitants as a scourgifroin Heaven. The orango, once a general productioriof that country, now ripens in only a few sheltered spots. Similarly, Alsace has been injured by the removal of the protecting bolts of woodland on the Vosges. Tho ?tripping of the Apponines has affected the adjacent districts ; for instance, tho Mugello country has lost the mulberry in consequence, Tho extraordinary mischief caused in the same way in Syria, Persia.and Mesopotamia, is well-known matter of history." So far as to tho threatened devastation, and its probable consequences. But what about the remedy ? How is this devastation to bo arrested? How aro these consequences to bo averted? State forests are to bo proclaimed in different parts of the country, particularly in tho mining districts. , With regard to indigenous timber the pro- fessional goutlomen, to whom the task of enquiriug iuto this subject was delogated, recoinmond "au extension of the large forest reserve already made in the yicinity of Ballarat, so as to protect the forests on and north of the Dividing Bange. " Thoy would also " cause to bo proclaimed near Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Ararat, Mary- borough, Inglowood, Beechworth, and other centres of mining industry similar large rosorvoa.!' For carrying out these recom- mendations, they would have the tracts of country indicatod vested in trustees, whose duty it would be to advise the Board of Land and Worksas to all necessary rules and regulations, and to correspond with foreign governments on the subject of an exchango of seeds aud plants. This seems to be all they éould do. But that will not be un attended with expense, and we calculate upon much opposition to this process of réserva- tion at no distant day, if the reserves aro | made at all large. ' Ia these colonie», títere is not much disposition to sacrifice any pre- sent benefit for future permanent advantage. On the subject of foreign trees, this is what the commissionera recommend: " In the -rich soil and moist climate of the olovated wooded tracts of country proposed to be reserved for State forests at Ballarook, i Macedon, Mount Disappointment, etc., the most useful deciduous trees, such as English oak, Turkey oak, elm, ash, walnut, hickory, locust, maple, chesnut, alder, etc., would thrive well; and also all the best timber produciug kinds of coniferous treos,including the" Himalayan cedar (Oedrus Deodara), the Lebanon cedar (Cedrus Libani), the Cedrus Atlántica, and all the best pines of Europe and America. At lower elevations in this colony, in argillaceous soils, derived from schistoze rocks, success has attended the planting of the beautiful and rapidly-growing pines and cypresses of California and Oregon, including Wellingtonia Gigantea, Pinus Insignia Pinus Lambertiana, Cup resaua Lambertiana, Gupressus Lawsoniaaa, etc.; and on sandy soils near the Vic- torian coast, Pinus Pinaster, Pinus Pinm, Pinus Halcpensis, Pinus Sylvestris, Pinus Sabiniana, Pinus Strobus, Pinus Canariensis, and many other kinds of pines have been found to grow satisfactorily. For the for- mation of plantations on basaltic plains at present dovoid of timber, the most ap-, propriate trees ' would be Conifera) of all kinds, the more valuable kinds oí Eucalyptus, such as Western Australian mahogany and blue gum, and the indigenous blackwood (Acacia Melanozylon). In such exposed posi- tions it would be necessary to afford shelter to young recently-planted forest trees, by extensivelypropagatingby seed the numerous varieties of acacias of shrubby growth, gorae, and generally all kinds of hardy quick growing shrubB." , ' We aro not yet driven to the necessity of making any such reserves' ourselves, but'it is well to bestow some attention on what is being done by others. Our forests of'in digenous timber are .to all appearance cxhaustless, but we should lose nothing by the introduction of a fow foreign trees. This would be attended with expense, and, so wasche introduction of salmon into our waters. But why so tenacious of a little expense, when the advantages to be reaped aro BO great? We do not recommend a wholesale importation of foreign trees, but something more might be done in that way than has yet been attempted. « 