TORNADO AT BEECHWORTH. (From the Ovens Advertiser, 28th October.) Last Thursday evening Beechworth and the surrounding neighbourhood were visited by one of the most violent storms ever experienc- ed in the Ovens district. During the day the heat was most oppressive, and the heavy copper-coloured clouds which gathered in the sky gave hopes of a speedy downfall of the long-wished-for rain. The sun set amidst clouds of dark purple, the atmosphere appeared charged with electricity, and there was every appearance of a heavy thunder- storm setting in. From half-past six until seven o'clock the wind rose and blew in sudden gusts, at intervals. For about half an hour a compara- tive calm ensued, the wind dying away with a strange mournful sound, until half- past seven o'clock, when it suddenly rose, and blowing nearly due north, swept over the town with almost irresistable ruty, carrying with it clouds of dust so dense that it was im- possible to see lights across the street. Houses were unroofed and blown down, large sheets of zinc, huge beams of timber, and large stones were hurled by the tempest to an in- credible distance, and one sheet of galvanised iron striking against a post was doubled up like a sheet of paper. The citizens were in a quandary the preplexing question being — whether they had better remain indoors until their houses were blown down upon them, or venture in the street to brave the shower of debris that would there assail them ? The whole front of the Common School, in Ford street, was blown out, and fell upon the foot path in a huge mass. Mr. Kerstein, butcher, of New Town, was standing for shelter be tween the school and the building known as Craig's store, which adjoins it, when this happened, and it is a matter of congratulation that he escaped unhurt. A window of the Church of England was blown in, a part of the ridging stripped off. The premises of Mr. M'Lean, in Ford street, used as a coach factory, received severe damage, a portion of the roof being stripped, and part of the front blown down. The Baptist Chapel, in Forde- street, was also nearlv blown down: and al though at present it is kept up by props, it is doubtful whether it can again be placed in a perpendicular position without being pulled down and rebuilt. The house of Mr. Robert Cunningham was entirely unroofed, and many other buildings either completely or partially so. The end of the forage store at the police station was blown down, and numerous windows in the town have been broken by stones blown against them. To enumerate all the damages which has accrued to buildings through this tremendous storm would be next to impossible, as there are few houses in the town but what bear some evidence of its violence. That "the battle is not always to the strong" has been exermplified in the wonderfuttl fact that our town hall, although in a shaky condition, and evidently on its last legs, has withstood the fury of the gale, while, many on apparently stronger building has come to grief. During the half-hour that the hot wind continued to blow with such fearful violence it occasionally veered round to the westward, and attimes appeared to blow from nearly all points of the compass. The moon shone brightly te whole time, and the south-western horizon was lighted up by sheet lightning. The accounts received from the bush speak of trees uprooted in all direc- tions, fences blown or dashed down, and bush- fires fanned into fury by the wind. The road to the Nine-Mile is rendered in many places impassable, through the number of broken trees lying across it. Great damage has been done to the telegraph wires through- out the entire district. Near the Rev. John K. Macmillan's house, a large tree fell on the wires and broke them. The same thing has happened near the Vine hotel ; also between Beechworth and the Black Springs, and of various other places along the line of tele- graph. At Stanley, a stable of Mr. Dyring's in course of erection was partially blown down, and eighteen trees are lying across the main road between that town and Beech- worth. At the Tree-Mile it is reported that a digger has sustained some injuries, though not of a serious nature, through his hut being blown down upon him. During the fury of the storm the Rev. Father Tierny was preach- ing in the Roman Catholic Chapel at Beech- worth ; the wall were seen to shake, and a sudden panic seized upon the congregation, which was with difficulty quelled. Had a rush to the door taken place, the consequences might have been serious. We are sorry to have to record that at Chi- naman's Flat, near Hurdle Flat, a large branch of a tree was blown down and fell upon a hut in which were two Chinamen, crushing it in. One of them died before he could be conveyed to the District Hospital, and the other at present lies in a very pre carious state in the same institution. An in- quest was held on the body of the deceased yesterday, and a verdict in accordance with the facts returned. At about half-past eight o'clock the wind fell, and the night became beautifully calm; and, with the exception of an occasional gust of wind, continued so until morning. Every appearance of rain had vanished yesterday, and only a few drops fell during the night. The heavy blocks of clouds travelled in a south easterly direction, and the sky became serene and clear. Every one is busy examin- ing into the extent of damage done, and looking after missing portions of the proper- ty, some of which were carried to agreat dis- tance. 