CHILTEBN. Nov. 22nd. News in this portion of the district is ratlier scarce and -business dull. The hot winds have now fairly set in and to-day (Wednesday) the heat is so intense that tho thermometer at 12 o'clock stood at 110 in the shade, and to add tothe unpleasantness of the atmosphere bush fires are raging in neariy all directions about Chiltern. On Monday last it was with the greatest difficulty that the'engine house, &c.;, of the United Mining Company, on the Skeleton Load, were saved from the . devouring element. All tho men undergi'ound had to come up, and it was only 1 at about ten, o'clock at night that the place was considered in safety. I consider the cause of bush fires are too lightly looked after in' this district. Should a grog shanty unfortunately be j destroyed by fire a most "searching inquiry is immediately instituted, but when a bush fire is observed thera appears to be no notice taken of the matter. In the first case only one person suffers while it the latter tho whole population of the district puffers. It is a well-known fact that the grass is the sole food for cattle in this, colony, and, how many acres of grass have been ajready destroyed by bushfires ? The consequence is -that cattle are in a state of starvation, and the population will soon have to, pay famine "prices for butter, milk, beef, and mutton.- Ithink the very highest penalty should be inflicted on parties causing bush fires, and that the authorities should take immediate action to. ascertain how and by whom such fires are lit. Free Supper.—On Monday nigLt last, Mr Joseph Moss, .of the Crow Hotel, Cliiltern, gave a free supper to a number , of his friends on the occasion , of his opening the above hotel. There were a good number present, and -Mr Moss..had everything in tip top style. The New Mayor. — The Chiltern Borough Council it appears ayerooming to their senses at last. . The election of mayor took place at the Council Cham-bers on Monday night last. The exmayor's modesty got the bettor of him on the; occasion, when he declined' to?, -again take office, expecting:-!" presume a I little coaxing. The coquettish : dodge," however, was cut short by Cr Nickless' .being proposed as 'Mayor, who stated' that he would accept office.if the' Council considered he would',in any way further the interests-of tho Borough, but on no other condition. ~.Cr; Nickless . was- thenduly elected' mayor-1—" The right man- inthe" right place." - 