THE PAIR OF KINGS! OB, THE CABBAGE-TREE'D KNAVE OF THE WOOLSHED!! A DRAMA IN ONE ACT. FOUNDED upon the touching story in the Pastoral Tinus, relative to TOLD blind man meeting his son, WHOM he had deserted when AN infant, and not beheld for thirty years, but whom he reeog- RISS at once. For the purpose of having IT produced upon the S E , the adapter has been compelled TO introduce some ideal cEsters and incidents, which will not, he trusts, detract from the merit of the whole. CHARACTERS (GOOD, BAD, AND INDIFFERENT). WILLIAM KING (one of Nature's gentlemen). CABBAGE-TREE JIM (a Very Heavy Villain indeed). AN OLD MAN (Blind, and a Beggar). . FIEBT SHEARER (Sympathetic and Complying). SECOND DITTO (Complying and Sympathetic). SCENE. Interior of a woolshed, situated upon the banhs of the mighty MurrwrMdgee. Several fragrant peppermints mid medmnal aums are qrowing around the stage in wild profusion. Through an opening in the shed at the back, distance is distinctly observable lending an enchantment to the scene, with interest at fifteen wr cent while a horseman is seen scouring the plains, with a bar of tile best yellow soap. A hangaroo is seated 'in a meditative attitude upon the extreme point of his taU, in a corner of the shed, and a delicate emu and graceful native bear are gaily jumping from bough to bough. The village mosquito s cheerful hum is heard without the aid of glasses throughout the piece. Sheep-shearers discovered at work as curtain rises, their hearts enlivened by a pleasing concert of buUock bells, ascending from an adjoining gully. CHORUS OF SHEEP-SHEARERS. The wool, the wool, the fluffy wool, Let us snip, snip, snip it, till our bales are tull. 1ST SHEEP-SHR. (with a tenor voice and moustache): Let us snip IT! 2ND DITTO (with a bass voice and a red nose): Let us snip IT! EVERYBODY : Let us snip, snip, snip it, till our bales ARE full ! WILLIAM: Ay, mates, let the sailor boast of his light ducks, and trim-built wherry, which is werry trim-built; let the bloated aristocrat loll in his luxurious gutter, and havesmoked pilchards three times a day; what does it signify—is not a man a man for a' that, and if it's bred in the bone won't it com out in the wool? That's what's the matter. (Deeply OMNES^ALI.'MATE, just so. (Omnes deeply affected likewise.) WILL. : But what does it signify? OMNES (abstractedly): Ay, what indeed! WILL • What though I never saw my father? What though he left me in an early period o£ my existence and long clothes, and has never made inquiries for me since—does that preven me being the best man here, the finest shearer amongst you ? An answer will oblige. ALL (with the exception of CABBAGE-TREE JIM) : It does not! M0TE —The author would here ask, how it is that on the Btage, when a crowd of people have audibly to express some sentiment, they always manage to hit upon the same form of words. He respectfully solicits an early and satisfactory solution to this problem.) SHEARER (tenor and moustache): You do your work quicker. DITTO (bass and red proboscis): And make the best tally of us all CABBAGE-TREE JIM (in an insulting tone): I talee he doesn T! (The others treat his wild and daring attempt with silent coniempt mvd the PERPETRATOR retires to the back of the stage, mortified, but not humbled—muttering)—Never mind, a time w WILL FFOJIII): Dastard! Would'st thou mock the tender orphan ? For some considerable time you have been envious of me Nay, seek not to deny it. (JIM very obligingly does not.) I have long stood it (he is six feet four in his socks), but can do so no longer; your last sneering insult has lighted a galleypot in my heart, and a bush-fire in my brain. (FIRST and BOND. SHRS. examine, and find what he states is correct.) Now takethereward of thy villany! (Drawsforth a buUock-whipfrom Ms belt, and is about to cock it, when the village mosquito, who has been for some time hovering about Mm, darts on to the most prominent feature of his face; he drops tlie whip to catch it, in which attempt, we may as weU state, he fails.) Oab J * Never 1 ' WILL.: Ha! Say'st thou so! Then here goes one of us for DAVY JONES'S locker. , ^ -»r They are about to rush upon each other, when the Old Blind Man OLD M.: Pity the sorrows of a poor old man. I am blind, kind gentlemen, and have had nothing but a glass o£ water to eat for the last six years. , JM (starting bach aghast): Ah! 'tis he ! Impossible I Confusion! Ha! ha! No matter. ,. , Retires to back, and tries to set his brain to work ; which, not bein* strong, refuses. , . WILL. : Stay here, old man, and I will hasten to the hut bard by (why never soft by?), and there will I procure for thee the salt meat of the bullock, and fire-water of the HENNESSEY Cheer up, SAM. for if a body meet a body, need a body cry? (Exit in tears and O. P., followed by FIRST and SECOND SHEARERS, who take their implements and peculiarities with them,) CAB. J. (Slaps the Old Man upon the bach.) OLD M.: Come in. CAB. J.: Old man, thou once'st hadst a son f . OLD H.: I hadst! Oh speak—tell me—where is my child?- mv darling boy, whom I love so deeply, and have not thought of or inquired about for thirty years ? Speak—arspeak—a—is he alive ? JIM : He is. Listen!—In early life thou wrongedst me; 1 swore to have revenge. I turned myself into a gipsy, for the pur. pose of stealing your boy. I brought him here, though he knows it not; and now—ha, ha!—I am revenged. _ OLD M.: Spare me! Spare me! Can you see my white hairs streaming in the breeze. , , . , . (Note—This is not the case, the elements being in a state of peaceful repose at the time; but the sentence seemed so poetical to the author that he could not resist insert- CAB. J. (dightly melting, but quickly becoming solid again): Byheavings. I will not! . , (ENTER Will, followed by No.'s I and 2, camjmg peculiarities and WILL.{°ThLe, old man, eat thy fill, and should'st thou ever see a helpless, unprotected female in distress, think sometimes of puir auld Scotland, and dinna forget BOB BOY. 1ST AND 2ND SHEARERS (losing their presence of mind for an instant, sing): "Bob Boy Macgregor, oh!" (WILL throws a stem look upon them, which they catch, and retire, OLD M^Ah^ thtf vlice! Can I be mistaken ? That majestic eyebrow, and well-cut waistcoat—it is !—it must be! CAB. e J. (aside, and greatly agitated): It mustn't. OLD M.: Oh tell me—in pity tell me—have you a railway tunnel upon the back of your neck? WILL, (looking): I have. OLD M.: Then you are my long-found son. WILL.: Tour son! Then you are ? OLD M.: Tour short-lost father. (They embrace.) JIM (who, during the preceding, has made up his mind to repent) t Elderly individual, you have conquered. Take him, and be haiW! Here is a will that I stole at the same time that 1 did him. Take it. It proves him the rightful DUKE or MJJRRUMBIDGBE. .... 1ST AND 2ND S. (who have by this time recovered their minds and spirits) WILL. fSi^content. And if our kyiud friends in front will but profit by the lesson the writer of this drama has tried to inculcate—namely, that rectitude in a woolshed is far nobler than hypocrisy in a parliament house—he is amply repaid; and can say with truth that, though ACHILLES may defy KYTE and the lightning, there maybe some good even in J-HE PAJR OF KINGS, OR THE CABBAGE- TREE'D KNAVE OF THE WOOLSHED. ill (Blue music, slow fire, a,nd curtain.) 