THE SOCIAL CONDITION OF « STATION HANDS." WE are (.00 much iu the habit of ne- glecting the wants and improvement of our bush population. Out of sight they are out of mind, too ; and while every caprice of towns-people is a matter of study and debate, we can scarcely be said to be even acquainted with the evils which affect so seriously the well-being and social condition of those who may bo called tho squatting working class. How great those evils are, wo are reminded by Mr. GIDEON L&.N&, in his recent address to the Deniliquin Mechanics' Institute, a society, the pro- gress of which we hail with satisfaction as thc ¡harbinger of a better era in th's bush. Every one who has travelled much in the bush must have observed the miserably unsocial relations which exist, in too many cases, between tho squatter and his men, the thoroughly demoralised condition of the class known as " station hands. " Living in blank solitude, or herded together in huts, without wives or families, spending there existence in dreary idleness, or engaged in hardening pursuits, and far from the influences of civilisation, religious services, or instruc- tion, these men, in any case, are too much in danger of degenerating into semi-barbarism. Their own improvidence frequently completes their debasement. Every few months of this half savage kind of life it is their regular custom ta leave service and hasten to the nearest bush public-house to Bpend every penny of their wages in driuk. At all times of the year, the traveller can observe about these bush shanties a number of wild, miserable looking men, either fiercely excited or helplessly prostrated by drink. Whoa their score is noblcrisod out, they are quickly warned off the place, perhaps cheated as well as brutalised, aud with empty pockets the dispirited outcasts tramp off to seek by a few months' more work tho meanB of their next cheerless debauch. But, unless iu shearing time, it being no easy matter to get new employment, the misery these men often suffer in seeking it is extreme, and, however owing to their own improvidence, cannot be con- templated without concern. Their diffi- culties are greatly increased by a still more debased class than themselves, the class of mere loafers, who live entirely by a system of forced benevolences levied on tho squatters. These men spend the whole year in lounging along from station to station, claiming at each the night's lodging and a daily supply of food, robbing wherever it is safe, and ofteu perpetrating the most atrocious outrages in revenge for denial of hospi- tality. Some of the most calamitous bush-fires owe their origin to these outlaws. Providing the wanderers of both classes with supplies has proved such a serious burden that many squat- ters refuse to receive any wayfarers at all, and thus tho station hand, returning from his carouse, though really wanting work, is often reduced to the brink of starvation before he finds it. Mr. Lang says that at one time he found tho ex- pense of supplyiug the tramps so great, being over £500 a-year, that he re- solved to turn them all off for the future. However, the very first men who came broke down his resolu- tion. Idle or not idle, criminal or meri- torious, starvation was marked in every line of their haggard faces. He took them in, gave them employment, and afterwards learnt that they really were station-men out of work, that they had travelled over five hundred miles seeking it, aud that before they came to him they had been living a week upon mavsU inailows. What makes the recklessness of bush-workmen tho more deplorable is, that they all have it in their power, by the exercise of ordinary prudence, to make themselves independent. Their wages aro good ; and, unlike employés in seftled districts, they can save nearly every penny if they choose. A shepherd can get £50 a year ; £40 of this he could easily put "by, aud thus, after a very few years' steady service, would have the means of starting himself in some rural industry. If marriage be- came more general among bushmen, they would have greater inducements to steady conduct, aud their everyday life would not be of that cheerless hopeless kind which drives them to seek short respites iu periodical seasons of intoxica- tion. The voices of children and the welcome of a wife would deprive tho loneliest out station of its dreariness. Nor would the exigeueies of station work be so iucompatiblc with married life as is sometimes pretended ; certainly not, at loast, for that considerable por- tion of the year during which the posi- tion of the huts can be fixed. No pru- dential motives need restrain marriage in the bush, for any employer would willingly provide for the increase of rations to secure the permanent service of trustworthy men. Mr. Lang's suggestion of cheap bush libraries, to supply light and useful reading, is well worthy of the squatters' at- tention. It is one of those very simple means which can be easily employed, and which may produce the best results. Tho shepherd, loitering about all dar after his flocks, is likely to be a much better man if he bas a newspaper orenter taining book by him, than if he ÍB left to work himself cranky on his own vacant thoughts. " For the sum of £7" says Mr. Lang, " the employer could purchase 100 volumes, and the library A could afterwards be kept up for a couple of pounds a-year. Many squatters have such libraries on their stations ; I have had one for twenty years, greatly to the benefit of the men, and, I believe, much to my own profit, for my experience has proved that reading men do not lose their sheep." We hope that the atten- tion of pastoral proprietors will not be directed in vain to this subject. A WÍBO self-interest should prompt them to im- prove, what the addresB before us calls m plain but just language, " the miser- able relations between themselves and their workmen." Even some increase of actual expenditure would be wisely made, if the steady service of careful and cared for men could be substituted for the haphazard job-work of the half savage nomads who prowl about the couutry. They must remember, too, that property bas its duties as well as its rights, and its duties are not all per- formed by the mere payment of wages to its workmen as to so many instru- ments of toil. A large number of squatters show that they appreciate these truths, and know how to combine interest with duty, and we trust that their example will not be lost upon their brethren. -Melbourne Argm. 