THE FARM. NOTES ON TEE MONTH. The want of rain ia a general oomplaint, Tis true win has fallen in sufficient quan tity in aome portions of the colony, while bush-firea are mnlring their appearance in othera. The crops of wheat and osta are anffering greatly in many localitiea; and potatoes-will be rat a wny indifferent crop in many places. The want of means for irrigating root and green crops and grasses is the cause of much distress both to fanners and squatters. The subject of irrigation is becoming thread-bare, some anil say; it is, nevertheless, a subject to which we must recur until the attention of the colonists is awakened to its vital importance to the existence of farming or squatting in Australia. In the neighbour ing colony we learn that," on the Melrose ran, about forty miles below Condobolin (between the Lachlan and the Began), the work of reoljuming the country is being carried an with great energy, and at an enormous expense. There are said to be more than 3G0 men constantly at work in •inking wells and the erection of dams. The extent of country to be supplied is very great, extending in one direction about ninety mile*. They have anooeeded in getting water in one of the wells re cently. This well make* 600 gallons of water an hour. From this, nine troughs are bong laid a distance of fire or six miles, so that the sheep can be supplied •long the whole distance. No rain has yet tallen to fill the dams, but when once filled the supply will be permanent, ex cept in times of long-continued drought." Whin or Fnrxe. (Ulex Europws).— Here is a plant which, when every other i thing fails through the long continuance j of drought, still keeps putting out fresh j shoots. It is adapted for the driest and poorest amis, and grows well in all sea- ■ sons, and affords an immense supply of the most nutritive food for stock of all kinds. It requires no cultivation after being once sown, as it is well able to take | ease of itself. Thistles, Cape, or other weeds are toon outgrown by the whin, and St if almost the only useful plant that can hold its own agsinat theae peats. In using it as fodder the young tops are mown off with a aythe, and afterwards bruised, and may be mixed with chaff, or used alone. If oolaniste would give this plant a trial, thay wonld soon beeome convinced of iU great value, particularly in such seasons as thspreaent. ' Mangolds sown towards the end of June are now three inches in diameter; ( those sown six weeks ago are springing I ' idifferent fairly, but will prove but an indif. crop if abundant (aina do not occur. As mangolds cannot be sown now, or for several weeks past, if you have thinnings to span from former sowings, and n shower of rain occur*, or the ground is It i* hot too late to aow mangolds if I ground if moist Potatoes.—The working of the soil should almost bo dispensed with in light •oils this season i much moving of the soil causes the moietate to be evaporated too quickly I ia stiff aoOi.a alight earthing will be ussssairy i if a run of water ooqld be passed .down the ton of no. Utoee first-rate crops could be obtained. ] Maim, Sorghum, and Mflleta.—-Theae can bo aown either broadcast orJadrillf i J whenpown in drills the hoe can bo used.. The growing of malse for green crops or for.conr by mean# of irrigatien ahoold be taken ia hand, a* (hem ia no raaSon why this mode of growlng tMlse should hot" succeed af well here a* in other countries. The raising of two green eropa of maise from tire aame pteee of - ground in one season la about as profit* 3Ue a mode of getting an abundant* of food dbr shxk M ean be named. A Wddy.wpnaqp of several acme of —*toenalnor seven bat in bright be e boon to/mMqr' a stock-owner theobmUgioitet1^*000^0' suai* crop might be estimated at -five tomrfxjl the SSsMS falls of raha—alin (he Mbhbourbood of Ballarat, TonoefieldTfurdttiie Weatem District Tbbaeeo,—TbenSaarksjutt made about grin will be ^pually apfdbabto to mow rather late fori i in tiro northern nnlonL .. earthing, pinching outlaten! atom* suckers, and .topping before the pirate come into flower, ere essential operations, also looting alter Caterpillars liofore the leaves are injured by them. Hay.—The bay harvest is now near; short crops are everywhere to be seen we regret to era.. If the farmer has some good ground, fit for late green crops, it would be wise to plough it up ready for sowing, should rain ooonr, as some substitute must be found fin deficient hay crops. Grasses for seed should be rat in the morning if possible, before the dew is off, end carried so coon as it is fit; some farmers thrash it in the field, in order to prevent the wpsto of seed through carting and stacking. Previously to using waterfor irrigating, it ahonld always be atudied to have it of the same temperature as the soil in which the plants to which it is intended to be applied are growing. A thermometer j would indicate the degrees of heat, and it would be even desirable that the Wlter j should bo of a higher temperaturethanj the rail, rather than the reverse. If the* water was exposed (in shallow pools) to ^ the air for a considerable length of tune, j eay not less than six or rune days, but three or four weeks would be much better, the beneficial effects of it upon I vegetation* vphld be greatly enhanced. The formation of ponds or cisterns to re.; eeive the water before it is applied for : irrigating is the beet means for the thorough " airing" of the water. Hard water becomes soft alter lying sufficient1 tbe^rtihring'efl^tsof water upon the soilpepends in a great measure upon the softaung action of the atmosphere upon it previonaly to its being applied. Cold water from a spring or well is detri mental to the growth of plants, until it is " aerated." The use of water from a well or spring has often caused pirate to be come diseased, or to die away alto gether if applied in too great a quantity at a time. Plough land for follow; sow pumpkins : for pigs, and the cattle melon; tie hops; horse-boe lucerne ; and clean quickthorn hedges from Weeds. Cabbages (for cattle) maybe raised in beds for planting out in the autumnal months; abundance of moisture will be requisite, and a rich soil; raise them thinly in the beds. 