PUNCH AT THE THEATRE. Mr. Punch's dramatic experiences during the past week have taught him that " Sural Felicity" at the Antipodes is not so completely the ignis fatuus that many — prejudiced in favour of the " green fields and pastures old" of the mother-country— would fain make it appear. During- his bucolic and pastoral experiences Mr. Punch has been a "marked man" from mosquitos, a half-drowned man from "floods, a three-parts- burnt man from bush-fires — has slept with a centipede," breakfasted with a tarantula, hob-a-nobbed with a snake, and feasted any amount of sandflies at Ms own expense ; and even his " elevated faith" in nature, unadorned by civilisation, was compelled under the pressure of circumstances to arrive at the conclusion that Shakspere's remark to the " air drawn dagger" was equally applicable to truly Rural Felicity cis Equator — " there's no such thing ! " While casting his eyes over the Daily Thunderer of Hunter-street, Mr. Punch was inexpressibly delighted to find that his aspirations after the real thing could be at last gratified — not in the far-off bush, but in the centre of civilized Sydney, and at the Prince of Wales Theatre. To put on his opera hat, rush to the box entrance, exclaim "Eureka!" and receive 15s. from an astonished money-taker, who thought that " dictionary word " meant balance of change for a pound, was the work of a moment. Mr. Punch, having haughtily requested " the minion of a Prince to take back the wealth he proffered," as he was on the free-list, stepped briskly up the stairs, and found that " Rural Felicity" and a three-act comic drama by Planche were iden tical — that Lady Don was adding another leaf to her laurels by her characteristic personation of a Scotch lassie, and her charming vocal isation in " Gin a body meet a body," Gassier's Valse, and the duet with Miss E. Howson, " We come to thee, Savoy." The piece is in itself smartly written, and affords full scope for the various parts. The evening's entertainment terminated with the burlesque of Kenilworth,'' which is, as far as Sydney is concerned, identified with her Ladyship and her late husband, whose Queen Elizabeth was in more senses than one a great performance. Lady Don resumed her old part of the Earl of Leicester, and sang, played, and looked it ad mirably. Frank Howson, as Vamey, in addition to his musical aid, gave proof that those burlesque attributes which made him so popular in former days, were still flourishing. His appearance on the stage recalled to Mr. Punch's mind old associations — palmy days of the drama, and all sorts of things, and then Mr. Punch murmured " Icha- bod," and re-turned his attention to the burlesque, where he saw a " poor stroller, rogue, and vagabond " named Rogers, altas Smith — a " blighted heing " named Mrs. Crosby, alias Tresslllian — an " unpro tected female " and "a gent," named respectively Emma and Clelia Howson, alias Amy Robsart and Sir Walter Raleigh, all of whom "diverted him exceedingly." Mr. Punch is happy to _ record that he enjoyed the entertainments from beginning to end in very ex tensive "and fashionable company, whose attendance, heing the nightly rule instead of, as heretofore, the very occasional exception, augurs well for the success of her Ladyship's limited engagement. 