I íj The following is a copy.of a letter received I per Ellora, from a large Staffordshire iron I master. Other letters on tho samo subject haye reached Sydney, but os their publication I would probably involve us in aotions for libel, I wo are unable to maleo them publio : I ?: TO THE EDITOR OP TBS EicnnB. i : Sir,-The articles which bato appeared in your paper ' during tho past few months on what you justly stylo I tho " Railway Frauds," havo all, in duo courso, heou ! forwarded to mo as a party interested in tho question, j and havo been by mo duly shown to sovoral ironmasters I in North and South Staffordshire I It is right, in order that tho iniquitous system j now in practice should bo thoroughly exploded, that you should - understand that it is almost tho universal practico at tho present timo for engineers acting oa tho part of companies in England, or as agents to foreign nnd colonial companies, to tneit«, when plant is required, tonders or offert from a fow favoured ironmasters, or A fow favoured locomotivo engine makors, for rails, chairs, water pipes, engines, See,, Sic, to tho delusion of the general trado, " and the lowest tender," ana. ¡tis woll known that it is useless for any porson to offer to supply any of thoso things who is not proparcd to pay over to tho .engineering agent five per cent, on tho amount of tho tondor, as a gratuity or bonus. The writer of this knows fora fact that this has been done throughout tho whole of tho contracts for tho New South Wales Govern- ment Railways, and also for tho Victorian Railways and not only havo so called eminent engineers, but moro than ono mombcr of Parliament and bank bene- fited by those nefarious transactions. Moro than this, in tho shipment of thoso materials to tho colonies, much moro than tho current rato of freight has in all caeos been paid. Sovoral ironmasters and our locomotivo ongino makers havo jointly addressed Eoveral engineers in whom thoy had confidonco to put a stop to this expected and customary levying of black mail from tenderers, "a system which tho late Mr. Robert Stophonson always opposed." And it was proposed to address tho Institution of Civil Engineers on tho mattor ; but tho answer was, that in tho case of tho Victorian railways it was n president of that institution who benefited most largely, and his son-in-law aftor him ; and that in tho Korr South Wales caso that it was a' vice-president and his brother-in-law who did ditto. It is, in short, under- stood that a few railway engineers, and ono or two waterworks onginoors havo, by a combination for their own ends for tho exclusion of all competitors, con'rived to obtain tho oxclusivo control of tho affairs of that institution, so that unloss by tho thorough oxposure of tho glaring frauds practised on tho Governments of Sydnoyand Holbourne, orothor glaring cases, so chango for tho botter can bo expected. Tho samo fraternity of engineers havo also obtained tho completo control and mastery of tho permanent officers of tho Board of Trado- Captain Galton, Mr. Booth, Acc., Sec., and hence Captain Mayne's strange conduct, not to men- tion that Mr. Hamilton was really afraid of tho magnitudo of the mattor, " though an houost man." The only way to get at tho bottom of tho matter is to send a joint commission from Sydney and Mclbourno, composed of not less than tlnoo persons,-whoso wholo interest is in tho colonies, and who havo to return and livo there-to England-to investigate tho matter; givo thom lottcrs to Milner Gibson, tho Prcsidont of tho Board of Trado, to tho Colonial SecretaryÍ icc, and to authoriso and instruct them to publish tho caso in tho form of a pamphlet, and distribute it throughout tho Ironmasters' Association, tho list of members of tho profession of civil engi- neers, " not morely tho council," tho London papers, nnd tho chiof provincial papers in Birmingham, Manches ter, Liverpool, Bristol, 6hcfllold, Leeds, Nowcastlo-on- j Tyno, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Dublin. Or let copies of your papor bo sent to tho journals in these towns; but tho best oura is to bring au action at law in London, andnot to allow it to bo compromised. Until you do this, j content yoursolves with advertising for tenders for your railway plant, water pipes, Ste., in Sydnoy, and toko tenders from your own morchauts, with whom wo can deal. A so- called eminent engineer, resident in London, as agont, Í3 of no uso to you. You will undor* stand, that under tho present nystcm, an engineer receives from an English company 5 per cont, on their outlay, and from tho person who furnishes ' tho pl mt 5 por cent,-10 percent on tho wholo ; and if he acts aa engineering agent for a foreign or colonial railway ho reçoives from 1 to 21 per cont from his ostcnsiblo employers, and 5 por cont from tho parson furnishing tho plant. This ought to bo put a stop to. I don't mean to say that all ongincors expect or accept theso bonuses-" tho lato Mr. Robert Stophonson was an honourable oxcoption' -but most of them do. Please insert thia letter, for tho mora d ayligh thrown on tho matter tho bottor. London, 18th Soptombor, 1805. ACCIDENT.-An accidoat happonod yostorday botweon twolvo and ono o'clock, by which tho greatest part of a eottago was knocked down, and two persons, as woll as somo valuable horses, narrowly escaped hoing killed or seriously injured. Mr. M'Connoll, tho carter, was con- voying a largo block of hardwood timber, forty feet long and about twolvo inches square, along Ohurch street to tho now Catholic Chapel in a dray drawn by throo horses, and on arriving at tho brow of tho hill, clono to Christchurch, ono of tho horses-a young spirited animal-bocamo rcstivo, and dashed down tho hill, dragging tho others with him ; aftor proceeding a' little distanco nt a sharp pace, tho impetus niven by tho weight of so largo and heavy a piece of timber, became irresistible, and tho horses and dray woro forced down tho hill nt a tremendous speed. On arriving near iho intersection of Wolf ana Church streets, tba horses rushed on tho footpath, nt tho back of tlireo woodon cottages standing there, and foll all of a heap ovor a bank about four feet high. Tho ond of tho timbor coming in contact at tho samo instant with tho back wall of tho cottage nearest tho road-occupied by Mr. Williams, tho cabinot maker-and knocked it down liko a bit of cardboard, besides destroying a groat part of tho sido wall and roof. Mr. Williams and a friend of his, who wera inside, rushed out in tho greatest alarm, narrowly escaping injury by tho falling of the bricks nnd timber of tho building. Mr. Harrison, tho pianoforto manu- facturer and cabinet-maker, in tho adjoining eottago, rendered valuable assistance in tho disaster, and by tho means ho adopted all three horses were rescued without receiving any injury. Tho back port of tho cottage presents, tho appearance of a completo roin, and nil tho furniture china, glass, and whatever olso waa con- tained in it wcro destroyed. . Considering tho great weight of tho timber, and tho impetus with whioh it was propollcd down tho hill, it is fortunato that no moro damngo was dono, and thnt human lifo, OB well as that of sómo of tho horses, was not sacrificed.-New- castle Chronicle THE OATEnrnxAn -This destructivo post is infest- ing our gordons to a great extent, and in many in- stances corn crops will have to bo ro-BOwn from its ravages. Onions faro no better, and ovou potaloos fall a pray to this insect.-Tumut Times, THE WEATHER.-During tho last few days tho heat in this and tho surrounding districts has been very great, eau Bed in a considerable degrco by tho provalcnco of bushfire*, Evory night thoy havo boon seen in various directions around Goulburn, but on tho Braid- wood sido thoy havo boen oven moro oxtensivc. Bo. tween Boro and Braidwood, on tho Larbert road, tho bush was on fire for between fifteen and twenty miles on Monday, during tho day and night On Eriday morning a largo portion of tho gruss in Mrs. Gibson's paddock, beyond Day's, was burnt, and it WOB only by tho_ greatest exertions that the fenccH wcro preserved. fl - uoulburn Argue, 