AGRICULTURE. Between tho drought and the bush-fires the farmers have had rather a hard time of it lately. On Black Monday-tho worst day . for heat and smoko wo have had sinco Black Thursday, in 1851-the destruction of property was very great, and no one who hal not seen a firo raging among tho stubbles and fencei on tilled lands, with a strong north wind blowing, can woll imagine what this is. It sweeps off everything before it, and fortunate Indeed is the farmer in its Hue who can sa va his house and stacks. Many loBt bath, as well ns some of the animals in the fields, and the number of sheep scorched and killed on the runs that day was by no means inconsiderable. Still the fires wero rather late to do as much damage as they would have dono earlier in the year, for the farmers had mostly time to secure their stack-* and homesteads, partially by ploughing and burning round them, after the harvest had ken got in Much of the now grain has been threshed out, and tho yield is generally allowed to have bsen b tter than was anticipated, though tho average will not be up to that of formor yosrs, excepting, of coursej the last. The price of whoat his been high since harvest, as tho South Australian farmers, having plenty of money aftir tho prices obtained by them lately, would not submit to any reduction. Tho quantity grown In this colony is far short ot our re- quirements for tho year, so that our neigh- bours, by withholding tho supplies, could easily prevent a full ; but importers huvo bjon thus enabled to got rid of all the bread stuffs they had on hand at satisfactory prices, and it has trauBplrod that they havo written for much moro. Cargoes aro also arriving from South America; so that tho maikets aro very unsettled, and theto is too much reiiRou to fear that the growers in tho neighbouring colony will get much less than thoy would havo done had they not udopted the mistaken idea of being able to rcgulato prices as they choce through tho year. They con hold for a while, bul not for long, and when tbey send their gralu to market In quantity this will come into competition with large importations from South America, and probably fiom Europe, whore prices aro so low just now. Thus the growers and im- porters will both bo losers, and tho colo- nies will havo to pay for what they do not want, as tho broadBtuffd grown hero this year must b3 quite onough for our own consumption. The National Show of Grain was held at Ballarat last weok ; and, although tho collection was on the wholo respectable, and the exhibits very creditable to the district, the show was scarcely a na- tional one in any sense of tho word. Tho prizes wore certainly large, amounting to upwards of £600 In all ; but, excapt in tho wheat clas=, thero was llttio competition. The entrloa in this amounted to thirty, but oven so, the number was not bo gteat as It should have been, for there wero tour prizes, of £10, £20, £80, and £40 respectively, to bo won. Each entry consisted of fifty bushels, so that the wheat alone formed a pretty good show of Hsolf; and tho quality may be guessed from tho weights of the selected samples, wbioh were ¡-First priza, C8Ib. ; mcond prize, 6731b ; third prlz", 081b.; and fourth prize, 67Jlb. to tho bushel. Tho last of these was ot the white Tuscan variety,, and was grown In tho Ballarat district, as. wero all the othor prlzo samples. Thoro woro two lots sent In from Tasmania, bat nono from South Australia, or porhaps the chiof prizes might have boen taken from us, as tho first prize wheat at tho lost Adelaide show was said to weigh 681b. 13ioz. to tho buBhel. Some of the Tartarian oats at Ballarat wero good, but thero woro few entrlos of short oats ; and tho barley waa not at all what wo should havo expectod at such a Bhow, espe- cially as a largo dlstillor in the distdot ha? given a challenge cup worth £60, which Is to become the property of the porson who shall exhibit the best hundred bushels of barley two years in succession. Tho grain this yow is generally good In quality, though showing; the effect of the drought, In being somewhat; smaller than usual, even tho best samples of wheat not being so plump aud full as wo have seen them before. Tho flour shown was particularly good, as it Is everywhere this season, owing to the whoat having been so thoroughly ripened in the Hold, without any of tho rust or mildew so prevalent lost year. In tho root classes at this show there wai little competition, though the few entries were good in quality ; but thete was plenty of dairy produce, of which there is no lack of exhibits now anywhero, though fresh butter bas become very scarce in the market ot late, owing to the scarcity of g ass. Most of tbe up-country Bhows have now been held ; and next week we are to have the Pott Phillip Society's annual grain sho v in Mel- bourne, at which the collection of produce of different sorts is expected to be quite up to the usual standard, notwithstanding the difficulties to be encountered this year. A few Bamples of grain, as well as oasts of roots and fruit, bave been sent in the Great Britain for exhibition at Dublin; but the giain was not all so good as itBhould have been, and a better collection, including some of the first prize wheat at the National Show, will be Bent in tbe Royal Slandard. The farmers are now busy ploughing again, and the rain which has already fallen has been of some little assistance to them, though they would like much more yet. There has been enough to give the country a tinge of green, but feed for stock is generally very scarce, and if there be not more shortly many of the early lambs will die. Consider- ing what a length of time elapsed without rain, the sheep and cattle brought to market are in wonderfully good condition; but if there is not a littlo fresh feed before the cold weather bets in, fat meat will be scarce through the winter. _ 