P.'ÍL:'!RX-fA''M'EN T/'l LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, June 14. The President took tho chair at twenty ? minutes past lout o'clock, and read tue usual j" foimof prayer. .,".;" r PETITIONS. , ' .Petitions protest the sewerage and wator .' «lances of the Public Works Law Oon^olfthv tKm and Amendment Bill were presented-by -, , Mr. Fawkner, from the residents of Emerald . Ml; hy Mr. Hun, from upwards of <90nf the lateonyeu of R'chmonii; bv Mr. 13. ' G.) ' Henty, irom the rendent) of Kew; bvMr.i Jenner, from upwards of l.SOOof theinhabl-! -,- tunis of Melbourne; by Mr. Coi/E, from the , Mayor and Corporation of the citv of "Mel bouine ; by Mr. Taylor, from the I&tv;ór and vf » Corporation of Hawthorn ; and by Mr. Fur, lows, from the Mayor and Corpoiat.ion of Prahran. TATErt. Mr. HERVEY presented a return from tho registrar-general's department, Bhowiug the civil establishment of the colony. r - ADSENOE Or MEMBERS. Mr. MILLER brought up a ropoi à L:om the Committee on tho Standing Orders. The Clekk read the report, which state! that in the opinion of tho committee it was not advisahlo tbat any iftfarailon should b3 , made in Standing Order No. l8, with regiid to the absence of members. MINLNQ LAW AMENDIIMT lill,!,.' This bill was received from the Loghlative Assembly. Mr. BERVEY moved that the bill ba r,-d a irst time, and that the second reading ba op , pointed for Tuesday. , Mr. FELLOWS suggested Tursday weak A similar measure was introduced in the 1 same way at the; end of the previous f. ision and wps lost in cor>sfnuence. Besides, the cresent bill was essentially a new one. Mr. HERVEY trusted that the House would not sanction a postponement. Legis- lation was about closing in tho other branch of the Legislature, and it was nio'it desirable . -that tho Council should actually communes cueine-s. If hon. roembeis did not do so, they would have to sit whilo the other House adjoin ned. Ho trusted that there was no de- sire to shelve the measure. IS was necessary, for the sake of the workinc miner as well ob the capitalist, that the bill should become law without delay. Though thore had been a delay in bringing the measure before the House, yet that was no fault of the Minister who had charge of it. Mr. FELLOWS.-Why not have intro- duced It in this IIouss? Mr. HERVEY said that this was impos- sible. It was necessary that any such measure should ha considered in detail by tho members of the other branch of tho Legis- lature. Unless the bill had been dea't with in this manner he would not have submitf "d it, for he did not profess to be familiar with the subject, and be did not suurire that any member of the Houpe wp?, (Mr. Fawkner. - "Hear, hear.") Well, he wrs sure that the bon, membjr knew nothing at all about it. The Houce aovjarcd to have some rnnon for postponing Government bosine.-i, but what ' that renton was he -was quite ignorant of, nor did he desiro to know! Mr. FAWKNER complaiaod that tho Minister of Public Works had ca3t a slur upon the House. Because han. members wiBhrd to consider the measure, thoy wera -charged witkdo6iring to shelve it. Ho throw the charge hack in the Minister's teeth. If the Minister was ignorant it was no reason that he wos. If tho Minister was in an ill ( " temper it was no reason that he should be. ' Ho could toll tho Minister more about any of , the different bil'3 introduced than he knew himself, though he wa« a paid member of the Government- was paid to.do the work ho un doitook. Tho hon. member held a high po- sition in the House, but he was Icaing it very fest. ("No, no.") Yea ho was. He could toll the hon. member that he (Mr. Fawkner) had done a good deal for the miners-had stood , up to fight for them when no one else would ; > , and in the present instance he was not at all inclined to let the bill pass until ho bad ' looked into it. Mr. FITZGERALD thought it ncr-25sary for the House to protect itself agaiust the . '* charge brought by the Miutatsr of Public Works, ßsoause hon. member were disposad to consider the measure fully and fairly, wera they to he charged with a d'eregaid of the great mining interest? M tho representative of a mining district, he protested against the ';, imputation. Mr. STRACHAN also complained of the re- marks mado by the hon. member, Mr. Hervey. If tho Government were deshous of bringing the cession to a olese, why had they not cant , np the Tariff Bill ? Tho obstruction restad with the Aoembly, not with the 'OonacP. Doubtless wheu tho Taiiff Bill came up they would bo asked to pass it lu a hurry ; but ho "would take core that the Bässion wes not cloced until (ho measure was fully and fairly 'discucsed. The motion for the fust reading having been carried, the second reading was ap- pointed for Thuuday, Juno 22. HAWKERS AND PBDIiAKS LAW AMENDltENr BIM. A message was rosived from the Legisla- tive Assembly trensmitliug this bill. Mt. JENNER roovrd that the bill b3 read n ür&t; timo, and that tho second reading bo appointed for Tuesday. Mr. FAWKNER.-Tuesday is too early. Mr. JENNER.-I don't know. I have not Been the bill yet. Mr. FAWKNER.-Hare is another of thom. He says he's not seen the bil). I will not allow it to pass without reading it through. I am a reasonable man, and I ask for reason- able timo. Mr. JENNER said thore was no doubt that it took the bon. member a groat deal of time to read through the bills brought boforo him. Thore was no íeason, however, that he should Hy into a passion on that account. ' Mr. FELLOWS remarked that the bill was introduced to repeal un act passed that ses- sion. Mr. HULL objected to the House bslug asked to pass bills without their being looked at. He was willing to sit day after day ; but he would not consent to the Council bolng made merely it house of rccotd. Mr. JENNER reminded hon. membors that they wero precluded from deallug with bills which were before the Lowfcr House. How, then, could ho luvo mastered this mea , sure? Surely, however, a bill which had satisfied the representatives of the poople was entitled to como coubideratlon '? If re- fusing to proceed with such a measure were not obstructiveness, he would like to know what was. # After an irregular discussion, The consideration of tho message from the Legislative Assembly was appointed for Wed- nesday next. «(INSTITUTION IiAW CONSOLIDATION BIMi. Mr. HERVEY, in moving tho second road» ing of thiB bill, remarked that the Constitu- tion was now scattered over nineteen Statutes, and that thero was, consequently, much diffi- culty in discovering what it really was. On that account, it was thought dosirable that i the wholo of these laws should be carefully r examined, with a view to thoir consolidation into ono act. In order that this should bj done with tbo greatest possible caro, tho bill, when prepared, was, on the suggestion of the Attorney-General referred to a select committeo of ibu Legislative Assembly by whom it was compared with the existing asts. The committee included several gentlomea, memfoursof tueold Legislative Council, which framed the original Constitution Act, and its . labours extended over a psiiod of fourteen or fifteen days. The report which waa brought np was in tbo hands of bon. membors, and he had little moro to say than was expressed in It. Tho bon. member having read tho re- port, stated that its recommendations had been adopted, and that a reference to the original acts would verify its words, that tho bill presented a faithful record of that part of theConetitutfon of Victoria to which it rotated. \- He could not understand tho opposition tho measure was threatened with. If it was founded on a feeling of veneration for the old act, he could but ropeat the ussurance of tho com- mittee, that that act was not in any way affected. " ' Mr. COLE seconded the motion. Mr. FELLOWS moved that tho bill bo road a second time that day six months. The title of the bill declared that it was "to con- solidate." As he understood the words, " to consolidate" would mean to embody in tho bill the whole of the provisions of tho statute law relating to the Constitution ; but a i reference to the first sohedule showed that the ' framers of the bill adopted a very dittsrenc . * interpretation. It was proposed there, with re ,gard to the very act under which the Legisla- ture existed, tp repeal "bo rauch as has I nof been -nlçeady repealed,1 exca'pfc-the pta | ambles ond «cotions 35, 47, 60, and G1, aha sr» ranch of cohcduie D as haï nut, been repealed already." Now if these eectlopWwerii to remain, how could the measure ha termed a consoli- dation bill? Certainly the <>xr)rossioa was not English; and what meaning it mtehfc have in any other language he did not pre- tend to say. He would troubla hon. mem- bers with other references to this curiosity of a bill. The preamble set out the IroDerial statute word for word ; though why this was done he could not say. In the course of doing so, section 3 w«*s given, and this section in- corporated certain provisions of the 14 Viet., c El), relating to the " giving and witholdlng of .Her Majesty's assent to bills, and to tho resnr ' vation of bills for the signification of Har Ma- jesty's pleasure thereon." A little further on, in clause G, the draftsman proceedel to say , what tho pro'v isions thus incorporatad wore ; but on comparing snb'clause E, which pur- ported to refer to tho l8 and 14 Viet., chap. 69, sec. 12, with its original, it would be found that the words " subject to thu provisions hereinafter contained " had been omitted. As to the importance of this, he might mention that the English law officers of the Crown on being appealed to, in 1852, regarding ts Customs bill, gave an opinion, which was preserved in the Parliamentary records, and which wes based on these very words, He admitted at once that where the draftsman was wrong in his assumptions the hill would be inoperative, but the fact that Such eirois bul bem committed was a strong argument why they should not tamper with tho Constitution Statute j in the abiurd way nrnrosed. The next point was u3 regards the Electoral Bill. It would ba remembered that, in reply to a question which ho put tD the Minister of Public Works, he was in- formed that the omiesion of the word "pro- vinco" in the clause suggested iu the Go- vernor's amendments regarding the disfcii bulion of membors was intentional, aud lie was referred to the Constitution Bill for an explanation.. Now, it would be seen that the 18th clause, regarding the constitution of the Council, and the, 2ßth clause, regarding the constitution of the ' Assembly, were identical in tsrms, and con- sequently, it the amendment was required to distributo members to the electoral districts, it was needed to distribute them to the pro- vinces also. The amendment should either apply to both cases, or should not bo propased at all, Clause 16 gave the Lrgislalma power to repeal, niter, or vary its acts. Here was a legal luminary, indeed. Did anyone doubt the fact that, if tho Legislature could do, it could undo? If there was one proposition clearer jn law than any other, it wns that all act3 were void which attempted to tie up succeeding Parliaments. Where, then, was the necessity of a saving clause? The same clause, however, went on to provide, that it should not bo lawful to present to the Governor, for Har Majesty's aeBent, any bill by which an alteration in the constitution of*th3 Council or tho Acsembly, or in the 5th schedule of the Constitution Act, would be made, unless the same should have received the concurrence of an absoluto ma- jority of the merni era of the Couucil and of rhe Asfembly. But what right had the Par- liament to impese tbis restriction on its suc ceesois ? Obviously, if it coald do so in the one instance, it could require the assent of six- teen mombers of the Council and thirty nine members of the Acsembly to tho reper! of any other measure. The thing was absurd. Any lo} man could cce bow utterly futile it would bo for the Legislature to say that suc- ceeding Fatliaments should not have the same powers as itself. Such a clause only tended tomislerd. Parllamenthadswallowed a great deal on tho faith of consolidation recently. Although not strictly in order, perhaps, he would mention one or two matters which had casually come under his notice with regard to bills already adopted. It would bo remembered 'that a bill, a tran- script of an English act, providing for the punishment of frauds by factors, agents, &c;, was prssed some time back. As the English act was a consolidation mensure, it supplied a complete code, ond when the colonial draftsmen carno to consolidara the criminal law, all that he had to do in re- ference to the one part of his suhjfcfc wa3 a copy the sections of this act. However, wnether accidentally or intentionally he could not say, the draftsman actually omittod cections 76 and 77 altogether; and these clauses, for the punishment of fraudulent fac- tors and auctioneow, were now to be found in the Trustees Act. This was what waa called consolidotlon. In the Real Property Law Consolidation Statute, clause 64 declared that the act was not to extend to widows mar.ied before 1837, while clause.63 de delared that in ono instance, at loast. it should so extend. lu the same statute, alco, and in the sections referring to tiio registra- tion of deeds, the words " already or herein- after to ha executed " had b~en omittod, and this was an error which might be productive of cetious consequences. These instances i would show hon, membors how very careful i they ought to ts bofore tampering with the Constitution on the faith of a consolidation bill. If the entire law were consolidât; I, the result would bo that the Governor's calary, and the judges'salaries also, would bo at tho disposal of any meie majoiity ia Parliament ; and if the originpl clauses relating to these matters were retained, why should not tho othoiB be maintainod also ? Mr. FAWKNER esconded the nmendmont, Tho bill proposed to loavo so many sections uniepealed that it could not bo considered as a consolidation measure. Were it adopted, they would still havo to go back to four othor sets to ascertain what the Constitution was. Ho believed that the Attornoy- General's ottemot at consolidation was well-infon tioncd, but the lion, gentleman had taken more on his shoulders than any ten men could do during a single session. One ob- jection he had to the bill wag, that it would establish the claims of officers under the old Government to pensions which he be- lieved they hud no right to. He noticed, also, that royoUies were mentioned in one clause and excluded in another. The bill appeared to mix matt2rs up ond moke thom woree than they were bofore. It would bo better to roject it, and co give the hon, gantleman who had chai go of it time to do justice to himself. Mr. CAMPBELL complained of an nnjnst reference Mr. fawkner had made to Mr. ïostei, whom he corsidered a most valuablo public servant, and one who had been made n scapegoat of. If the pension-list should be revised, Mr. Foster ought to have more justice done bim. Mr. FAWKNER ha I no doubt that the bon. member desired a revis'on of tho pension list. That was his chcracter. Mr, SLADEN remarked that if the House had not bren awaro of the looee consolida- tion legislation of the session, and if it had received an assurance from the committee of the Legislative Assembly that the measure wrs a verfect one, there oould have been no objection to adopting it. The committee, however, repotted that "they aro unable to certify that the bill referred to,them includes the whole of the existing law, 'or to affirm that doubts may not heroaftor arise as to many points of importance contained in tho hill. Now, ho beliovcd that an imperfect digest would bo a greater inconvenience than the necessity of having to refer to a number of statuts?. Ho held, tuerofore, that it would ha hotter to reject tho bill, aud to roly on the ipsissima verba of the Constitution Acts. . Mr. HULL expressed au opinion that the now tariff was in contravention of clause 82 of the bill before tho House, ruferring to tho ob- servance of Imperial commercial treaties, and that its collection was illegal according to section 83. Mr. HERVEY said ho had not beard a single orgumeut iimipporC of the amendment, which, nevertheless, ho had no doubt would ba cariied. no reminded bon. members that none of the consolidation bills hud received so much attention rs the present ono ; and ho asserted that, by rejecting it, hon. members were casting contempt upon tho labours of tho Attorney-Gonoral and of the select com- mittee: ("No, no.") If a commission of lawyers were appointed, with Mr, Sladen at their hoad, they could no moro certify to tho perfect correctness of any mepsurethoy might send up than the committee had done. The lawyers, however, one and all, scouted the \- idea of consolidation, Mr. FELLOWS.-Sucb. consolidation. Mr. HERVEY did not believe that any other gentleman than the Attorney-Genoral would have undortaken the work in the first instance, or would have performed it so creditably in the second. The one exception taken to the bill was, in his oyos, its greatest recommendation. It preserved, and it was right that it should do so, the safeguard that the constitution of theLegitlatureshould only be altered by an absolute majority of both Houses. Mr. FELLOW6.-But we cannot do it. Mr. HERVEY urged hon. members, if they were sincere in their desire to proceed with Initiation, either to amend ¿ho bill in detail, if they thought it necessary to do so, or to refer it to a select committee. TheUoUEo divided on the question "that I the «OrdsjpropoíBcrto'be omitted stand part of tho (mention," when there appeared Contents . * Non-contents .15 Majoiity far the amendment... -11 Tho following is tho divhion list: contents. Mr. Bear Mr. Morvay Mr. i«aner. \- Colo NON CONTENTS. Mr. Cani'ilroll Mr. Highett Mr. Murphy \- I>egrov<cs - Henty, S. G. - Sladen \- Fawkner - Hull - Strachan \- FoIltHys - Miller - Taylor \- FiUgerald - Mitchell - Wilkie. The bill was ordered to bo real a sosond timo that day sis months, rustic wemKs haw amendment and conso- lidation bim, Mr. HERVEY moved that this bill be read a second time. In doing so he contented himeelf with calling attention to the subjects referred to in the petitions before the Hou39. It had always been thought desirable that the Yon Yean works should ultlmatsly pass into the hands of come private company, in the same way as it was hoped that the railways would do. The douses petitioned «gainst provided for thk The corporation of Mel bjiirne, however, claimed to have the right of purchasing the works vested exclu- sively in it. This claim involved a legal ques- tion, and he was informed that legally tho position taken by the Cotporation was wholly untenable. It certairly did not se3m n»ht in any way to limit the power of the Legisla- ture to disposa of the works to the bast ad- vantage. Another question at issue wai the disposal of the Yan Yean revenue. Hitherto, oil the money derived from the works badi gone to a fund for fhe reticulation of the city and the buburbc. The bill proposed, however, thnt these moneys, instoad of forming a sepa- rate fund, should be paid info the consoli- dated revenue, to ha de.de with as Parliament might deem deahable. Mr. STRACHAN intimatsd that he would oppose any attempt in comnnthe to strike out the clauses objected to in the patltions pro'entad to the Honsa. The Corporation of Melbourne now claimed an exclusive right ti tbe Yan Yean loan, forgetful that when tho raising of the £8CD,000 was authorised a sum of £i.OU,000 was apportioned for the supply of Geelong with water. Gelling, therefore, had a right to be supplied flora that fund. Hal tho corporation, while applying for the con- trol of the Yon Yean, iecogu<:.d the rlghM of Geelong, the question would havo bean quits a difrereat one. Mi. FAWKNER, whilo he did not oppwo the escond rending of the bill, siid that he would not conrsnt to the revenuo from tho Yan Yean going into the concalidatsd re- venue on tbe one hand, nor to the citizens of Geelong being deprived of their rights on tho other. Mr. JENNER supported tho bill. Ha would like to sea the Citv Corporation put ru possession of the Yan Yean water supply, inasmuch as tho corporation had tho requi- site machinery for workin"» it, but ho could not coDrent to jeopardise the interests of Geelong. Tho town had been regularly dono out of its £2M,C0¡). Sucesiva Mmlstriei had promised to consider its claims, but they had always fcsen ejected from office just as they weio about doing so. Ho trusted that this catastrophe would not happen in tho pre- sent instance. The mayor and corporation of Geelong had obtained a proraiso from tha Minister of Mines, that the town should havo a preferential claim on the general fund it was about tn raise, but as it was not at all cei tain that that fund would bo established, be could not consent to the present oppor- tunity of securing justico to Geelong being neglected. The motion was then ngreed to, and tho bill was v.orsidered in committse. Clauses 21 and 62, nnd parts á and 5, ware postponed, nnd the remainder of the bill was agreed to, On the cbaiimen reporting progress, leave was obtained to sit again the following day COUSIT COURTS LAW AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of Mr. Hekveï, this bill was read a third timo and {lapsed. The remainder of the business w«3 post- poned, and tho House adjourned at twenty fivfl minutes to ssven o'clock. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednbsdaï, Jone 14. The Speaker te ok the chair at ha'fp'-it four o'clock. ' PAPERS. Mr. O'SHANASSY brought up a progress report from the National Defence Committee. Mr. GIRDLESTONE btoaght up a progress report from the solect committee appjinted to consider the capabilities of tho Cap3Paterson coalfield. Mr. SULLIVAN laid on the table a return, to au order of the Houm (dat:d June 9), of the total cost of the geological survey depart- ment. Mr. M'OULLOOH pressntod a return show- ing the civil establishment for 1864. PETITION. Mr. KERFERD pre-entsd a petition from the Wooragee Road Board, praying for the establishment of a local insolvency cjurt at Bcechwoith. THE WORKING OP THE NEW LAND ACT. Mr. SNODGRASS asked the Minister of Lands whether under the Land Act the selector, by himself or attorney, can take proceedings for the recovciy of damage sus- tained by reason of trespass? Whether the Government wlU refuse issuing a iease in caess wheje patisfactoiy proof is given of the parting with the interest of the selector, either in patt or whole ? In the event of no lease being issued, to whom dees the grazing occupation revort? Whether, after tho issue of ltases to selectors, any number of such selectors may appoint one agent for the managpmeut of such lots as a whole? Whe- ther the selector of au allotment can legally dispose of the grazing right or aglstment of such allotment V Mr. HIGINBOTHAM, in reply, said that, with reference to the second query put by the bon. member, he was authorised by his colleagues to say that it was the inten- tion of the Government, in cases where satis- factory proof was given that the interest of the selector, either partly or wholly, had been parted with, to refuso the lease. (Hear, hear.) The other questions of tho hon. member related to tbo rights of persons who were etideavoming to take up, or who might have obtained land, undei the amending act, and he did not think they were questions which ought properly to be pat or ansvtored 'n Parliament. Persons might consult their legal advisers as to tne lights they ponessed under the Land Act. All parsons could inform theinselvei as to their rights by examining the act itself, and ho must decline, on the part of the Govern- ment, to aus wer legal questions of this kind. Mr. SNODGRASS said it was a matter of reglet that tim Govorttment were not dis pc3cd to givo information on these points. An jmmenco amount of litigation jvould ba saved by tho hon. gentleman giving the information required. The SPEAKER.-The hon. membar is not is order. Mr. SNODGRASS merely wished to observe that it was a matter of regret that the .Government had declined to answer his question. The SPEAKER again intimated that the bon. member was not In order in making any remarks on the subject. ' The mattsr then droppod. NÖTIGES OP QUESTIONS. Mr. SANDS gave notice that he would ask the Minister of Railways and Roads, next day, whether it was his intention to recom- mend at un early paiiodofnext sesiion the borrowing of a sum of money; for forming and making all the main reids in the ooloay. (Oh, ob.) Mr. ZEAL gave notice that he would ask the Minister of Railways and Roads next day, whether the department intended to in- troduce oa the Victorian railways the plan adopted by the London and North-Western and other loading railway companies ia Eng- land, of dollveilng and taking up mails and parcels at intermediate stations without stopping the train?. Mr. ORR gave notice that, on tho fallowing day, he should ask the Ministar of Railways and Roads whon tenders for the erection of wharfs at Echuca would bo called for. « Mr. TUCKER gave notice that next day he would ask the Minister of Lands what was the reason that a return of the expenses of tbo geological department from its commence- ment to tho present time had co3t £3 for its compilation ? Mr. GIRDLESTONE gavo notice that on the following day he would call the attention of the hon. gentleman representing the Com- missioner of Public Works, to the absence of ventilation ia the chainbsr and other parts of the building. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. L. L, SMITH gavo notics that he would movo next day that tha rcpirt of the boarrl nppointed t» iuquir.) into tlio c«i of Mr. J. P. M'.'.iü, ba takou. iato>o<snKSdpr.ifcioa. Mr. LONGMORE gavo «ottos that he would move next, day for ftnpies of the cor- respondence upon which aftotmant t.vo, area of Koort-koort-nong, was withdrawn from sal« Mr. LONGMORE gave motico of his inten- tion of moving next day that instructions b3 given to tho Board of lund and Works to have the roads in each agricultural area opened immediately trpon proclamation of tbo same for sale aud lca30. Mr. DYTE gave notice that on the third reading of the Cemeteries Bill he would move the addition of the following words to the 13th section.-" Provided further, that no ceremony shall be performed in any portion of such cemetery set apart for any particular denomination, except according to the usuage of such denomination, and by a duly recog- nised minister of the same." Mr. VALE gave notice that, on the third reading of the same measure he would move that the following proviso be inserted in the 23rd clause : - " Provided always that no minister or other person shall perform any religious ceremony at any grave when re- questsd not to do so by the relations or executors of the deceased." the census or 1866. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved for leave to bring in a bill for authoiising the taking an ac- count of the population in 1866, It was the intention of tbe Government that tho census should bo taken in tho early part of 18SC, and simultaneous with the takln«; of the census by the Governments of New South Walu« aud South Australia. He might add that the bill which ho sought to introduce dlftVrcd in no material point from that under which the last census was taken. Mr. VERDON seconded the motion. Mr. LEVEY had no intention of opposing the measure, bat ho should like the Caret Seorotrry, before tho bill was read a sec-mrt time, to mako some inquiries from tho rjgis trar-gencral in order t j rscertain if thera was any necessity for incurring this largo ex- penso oftsuer than ono8 every ten years. When he took into consideration tho efficient mannor lu which tho registry of births and deaths wore made, and the careful returns which were kept by the Customs department of the at riva's and departures by sea, ho could not see what necessity thero was for incurring thin expensa evoiy fivo years. Tho cost would amount to between £20,000 and £25,000, and the j country should not be put to this expense without reason. Mr. M'OULLOCH said the bill was intro- duced at the stieg«3tion of the registrar-gene- ral hims^'f. He admitid that tho raturas kept by this officsr woro very correct and very vatuablo; but lokiug at tho constant changes which wore taking place in the popu- lation, and the now manufacture which were epringing up everywhere, involving a continual change of employment on the part of the people, it was desirable in every respsst that tho censes should be taken. Leave having bean given, tho bill was brought in and read a first timo. The csoond reading was made an order for the following day. WATER-SUPPLY TO THE COUNTRY DISTRICT*. The Houso ha. ing gono into committee, Mr. VERDON moved " That it is oxped'ont that a loan, not exe:'ding £000,000, b3 wised for the purpose | of supplying the country with watar, eud tint a bill bo brought in for this purpose." It was not his intention to enter inf-o any elaborato statement as to the plan pior D3ad to bo adontsd by the Government, inasmuch as his colleague, the Minisíor of Mines, would tdko upou nimeelf that duty. It wai only necersary that he should remind hon. mern beis, that al out a year and a half r?o, tho Government plan was announce! in a letter addressed by the Minister of Mines to a lato hon. memler of tho House, iu which an out- line of tho écheme proposed by his (Mr. Ver don's) colleague was laid down. According to that plan, his col'cnguo proposed that the Yan Yean Watsrworks should form the bisis Df the extended supply to tho country dis- tricts ; and it wps proposed that tho annual Income derived from those works should go towards a fund to be createl for the purpess. In order, however, that works of greator magnitude than could ba underhkoa for tho £CO,C0O or £30,030 which cimld b3 relied «pou every ye« might bl prendad with, ft was consider, 1 that the sum of £350,033 should he borrowed to supplement the amount derived from the Yan Yean, ¡jince thoo, hw colleague hr.J found it nececmry to propc.3 that a sum ba borrowed apouuting to á5C0,0C0; and it was desired (hat this sum dionld be voted at onca, in order that the vorks might bo prccscded with without de- fy. \ iMr. O'SHANASSY said that, bsfora tho alnlster of Mines made his fetit3inent, it venid perhaps not bo inconvenient to thi House if tho Treasurer would stita tho total amount of the loans propo3td for this year. j Mr. VERDON said that as hejintendei to itin'î all these loans into one bill the Hou^e vould have a further opportunity of discuss i ig the policy of them all. As hdn. niembora yere aware, the House had already authorized / loan of £2CO,C0O for railway purposes, and ; 500,000 was asked for for water supply, Dakin», with £103,030 on nccrhnt of tho ¡latences, a total of £853,000. le did not Inow ifitwonld be advisable tá borrow at ince the whole £300,003 which would b3 re i uired for the defences, but it wrbld, at any :ate, ho nccessaiy to provide £03,003 for ,uns; so that £850,000 would * least bo equired. I Mr. SULLIVAN said he should have liked o bring this matter bofore thelHouss at is early a period of the session Is its im lortance demanded, but the pressun of public business had prevented him iromuoing so. However, ho hopad the mattsr wai of euch importance that the committee wkild de roto to it their consideration au! atten- tion. He did not intend to tiki uo the time of the committee to auyj extent 'in proving the necessity of a water supply to the country districts. It was a matter which had been thought over fir many years ; public attontiou hud been largey called to if, and he was sure every meaibei parti- cularly those connected with tho country 1 districts, were aware of the nccessifcr of a water supply. The urgency of this" want would bscome apparent when he informed them that, although a great deal of ran had fallen lately, it had all passed off «rough natural channels into the sea, and tho dingers and difficulties arising from want oflwatsr were again beginning to stare the dining community in the face. His colleasin had Btated that it was intended fo raise riloney, and he would now explain how the Glvern mont proposed to expend it. Certain nr»3S of the country had boen marked out, vliich would be called water &upply; areas, ¿id it was proposed that the local bodies iu these areas might operable together, and inter into an arrangement with the stato, by which the Government would construct the w|rks, tbe local bodies giving a guarantee that the interest and the co3t of maintanluc3 would be paid yearly, any surplus abovelthe cost of maintenance to go towards the, re- payment of the advance. In this »ay, the Government proposed not only!to secure tho interest oa the money advanced, but.to furnish also tho mean3 of diminlshtig or wiping out tho loin. According to «is pinn, any locality wishing to have u certia , amount of money expended in water sappv, I would enter fnto a eteurity with the Govern- ment that they would luvy such a rata Is would not only give a sufficient sum tjpi' for the interest of the money and for tip maintenance of the works, hut would ali furnish a fund for the liquidation of the prin- cipal. In the bill, power was given to thl Govornor in Council to levy rate*, to appoinj communions, ro go upon private landinordej to construct works, and all other power! necessary for the successful working of tha act. There w«s a great advantage in dealing with the matter us a general loan. Thel Btato could obtain monoy at six por cant in- terest, and on much moio advantageous terms than the local bodioi; for, ia tha first placa, these bodies would have great difficulty in obtaining money, and in the next, it wes certain that, if they got it, they would \ have to pay a high rate of interest for it. Besides, entering into a vniitty of loans would produce confusion in tho market, and probably raise the value of money. He thought there ought to be little difficulty in the Btato obtaining a loan of this kind. When tho unlimited wealth of the colony and the character of its population were considered, he thought it might enter into the market on as good a footing as any other country in tha world. Population had increased in a very respectable ratio during the last five years, and the small amount of emigration which had taken place was a sufficient indication of the prosperity of tbo country. It was trao, a good many persons left the colony in the rushes to Snowy River, the Lachlan, and New Zeuluüu, (An boil, membsr-" Hany of thom cameback.'^ He was glad to soy that many of tbem had como back, and he vas confident that the majority of those who went to any rush would como back. The bist nroif tail could be had that many of them na I coma buck, was the fact that the increase iu the population during the la-,6 live yeus had been something like 100,000, and, looking forward to the future, he was inclinad to think, with Mr. Arohw, that in another t3n years the population would amount to 1,000 000 souls. Scotland, darin? the roiga of Charles IL, although having a population of onlv 600,000, was a powerful nation, nnl had ambassadors in every court ; and the Soots, at tbe battle of Bannockburn, many years be- fore, had proved that they wero no mean adver- saries. Although the ooloay was already in debt to the extent of £8.003,033, it had 203 miles of railway which ho defiad any country of the same ago to equal ; and hu thought there ought to bo no uneasiness about ob- taining any loan which might b3 reiiuicod He now proposed to go into tho method and charactor of this wator supply ; aud ha might at onco say that tho principle upon which it was based was storage. Tho rivers of this ^country, though uot to bo dupanded upoa themselves, furnished admirable drainage and gathering areas, and tho3e advan- tages it was proposed to ranko use of to the fullest extent. It was not intended to go into the beda of the rivew, but rather to make uso of ono side. Thero was much more danser in constructing a dam in the bed of a river than at tho sides, and although the Yan Yean was a remarkable instance of the Buccess of the former plan, it was not desirable to adopt the system. As hon. membsrs were aware, there w.is in the colony a groat dividing range ruunlug east and west, with lateral spurs in every direction, tho watars which aro30 on the south sids running into the sea, and those on the northern side flowing into tho Murray. It was contemplated to take advantage of this peculiarity in the formation of the country in carrying out tho proposed scheme. There was a sufficient rainfall in tho year to supply ali tho districts in the colonv with water, bat, as ho had already observed, it was all lost simply for want of storage. The plans which had been prepared for tho consideration of the committeo would not only bear out what he had said relative to the storage capacity of the country, but would show that great care had been exercised in selecting suit- able spots. Careful surveys had baeu taken, and, in fact, a complete reconnoissancs had been mado of the conntty. Ho would proceed to describa a few of the more important spots which had bsen selected. Ho would refer first to Geolonç, and ho gave that town priority, because it had special claimB upon the country for water supply. A survey of this district had been made, plan* had been prepared, and he was in a position to explain their nature to the House. It waa proponed to sp3nd £150,003 to provide a wat« supply for Geelong ; and he might state that the mayor and corporation of that town had waited upon him and expressed choir wllling ne:s to accept the proposed outlay, and to undertake the payment of interest on tho money, as contemplated by tho Government. He was himsolf aware that tha paople of this town would be able to pay the money ; aad in laying out tbesa Bums for water supply, it was not undesirable to select thoie districts ia which the inhabitants wera able to mest the taxation it involved. Ho tbousdifc Geo long had seen its worst times. (" Hear, h-iar," »nd laughter.) Another reason why Geelong was entitled to consideration was that the establishment of the Melbourne and Ballarat Railway, although conferring advantages on the country to the north-west, destroyed tho carrying trado of Geelong with Ballarat ; and he was informed that when the lino was oponed, dOO men had to seek employment elsewhere. However, he had great hopes of Geelong for the future, as it was admirably eituated for manufacturing pumoses, sines tho River Barwon lay at its disposal ; and thero were many valuable gold-fields in near proximity extending in in direction. By making provision for a supply of watar to this district, a great boon would aläo hi con- ferred upon tho western country in the direc- tion of "Colac. The present cost of'water to Geelong equalled the amount of interest that would nava to bo paid upon the loan ; and tho reduced rates of insuranca the people would bo called upon to pay if they had an abundant supply of water oucht also to bo taken into consideration. Thoy all knew that in Melbourne there. was a vast difference between the amount of insurance premiums paid now and at the period ants-' rior to the establishment of the Yan Yean ; nnd the saving secured In this respect would enable the.people of Geelong to pay mora readily the interest upon this loan. As to the mechanical method of carrying out the works, he proposed to furnish hon. members with paiticuIarB in another form. Ho would now direct attention to the various schemes which had been under consideration, and he would refer first to tho Coliban scheme, A3 it had been most prominently before .the couatry, ana as a committee of the House had sat upon it. A survey of the country between Malmesbury and Sandhurst baa been made, and plans bad bsen pre- pared by Mr. Brady (a gentlnraaa holding a high position in the Public Work3 depart- ment of Queensland), and Bttbinifcted to the board. Mr. Riley had also submitted ti schema to him, which ho in part approved. Another plan waa proposed by Mr. Wardle, an emi- nently practical man, but this gantleman, in the main, arrived at the same conclusions formed by Mr. Riley, as he was of oulniou that the country north of tho Dividing Ringo, including Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and the other intervouing places, should bo snip! ¡ed from the same source, tho Coliban, and tint tho undertaking would b* a profitable one. Tho Board approved of Mr. Brady's scheme, and It wos referred *a this House. After un- dergoing very careful considoration, and after a largo amount of practical experience had been brought to bear upon the sublect, tha committee determined to recommend Mc. Brady'r, écheme, with the addition of tho large dam suggested by Mr. Wardle. The opinion of tho board having been endorsed by the committee, he had decided, after ex- amining a vast amount of information col- lected upon the subjscr, to adopt thnir report. The report recornmendod the adoption of the Coliban scheme with one exception, n3 to the erection of the dam on the Loddon, on the score of expanse. Although he thought the proposal to erect a dam on the Loddon to supply tho country in that neighbourhood a very good one, ho considered it might very well remain in abeyance at present, as the necessary supply of water could be obtained apart from that dam, and tho wautî of this locality might bo supplied from another direction. The best evidence they could have ofrhe probabilities of this scheme proving profitable was that the persons who best un- derstood it were willing to take it In hand as a private speculation. He was at first very ranch inclined to allow the scheme to be carried out in this way, but on further reflection, he thought it would b* better that it should remain in the hands of tho Government. It would not bo well to hand over to a few individuals tho right to supply so great a want to so many, or to give them riparian rightp, whpn so great a por- tion of the COUUtrv win dpnAtirlnTit-. îinnn flin I I Coliban for the means to carry on agricul- tural operations and other industrias. He maintained that tho psoplo living along the Lower Loddon, instand of bola« worsa off, would bo batter off if the Coliban sehorrw were adopted. Theso people had mora water than they required in winter, aud not enough to meet their waut3 in summer ; but if thii écheme were adopted, tho supply ciutd bo equalised throughout the year, and a great benefit would thus b3 conferred. Auy one having thesa large reservoirs and aquB ductB at command, would, to a great ex- tent, have the management of the country in his hands, unless very stringent provisions wera mado tn guard against his exercising a monopoly. Por these rearons, he thouçhc it best that the state should undertake those works; but, when complete!, if tho loc-d bodies were ready to accept thom, ha would have no objection to their being handed ovar to them, tho state taking guarantees for piy ment of the interest. There was also another very strong reason why the carrying nut of the scheme should be lett to the Btate. It was of the highest importanco that the work-i should be madedurable, that the dams should he constructed of the bjst material, that the choicest workmanship should b3 used, and that there should be no stint in the original cost. The works ought to bs of a character that would last for age?,- and thero could not ba much chance of that being the case if their construction was entrusted j to people whose interest it waa to uso l\inferior material. It was only right that such calamities as those which recently occurred at Sheffield should ba guarded igainst. If the dam on the Coliban were to lo built of inferior materials, or if it were badly constructed, it was impossible to say what evil results might not follow. That substantial works could be satisfactorily car- ried out by the Government was shown by the fact that of the reservoirs constructed by i tho Government some five or six years ago only one had given way. These were the reasons which influenced him in declining to enter into any arrangement with Mr. Riley or Mr. Y/aidle ; and besides this, tho House had taken the matter out of his hands by referring it to a committee, which had recommended that the scheme should be carried,out by the Rtats. The works proposed ia the Coliban dis- trict would,involve an outlay of £320,009. There were 600,000 inhabitants in the dis- trict, and he need hardlv point out tho im- mense benefits which would be derived by the variouB country towns from tho water supply. Agricultural pursuits would be stimulated by the facilities afforded for irrigation; and with regard to mining, though in a fe* years the alluvial workings might be exhausted, the quartz reefs would remain, and the aqueduct it was proposed to conBtract would be of value to the country for evermore. As the state did not hesitate to spand £800,000 or £900,000 to supply Melbourne with water, there ought to be no objection to the proposed expenditure fr>r the benefit of country districts. The You Yean was not a creator of wealth, but the 6chome no munder consideration would ba, as it would give occupation to mea who would otherwise remain unotuployod. Tne schedule placed in the hands of bin. mem- bers showed the exact amount it was pro posed to spend in each district, and overy information would bB found in tha papars laid on the table of tho House in connexion with the subject. The total amount it was proposed to expend in carrying out the whole of the workB accordiug to the pla us sub- mitted to the Houso was something like £1,200X00. Tho Treasurer proposed to bor- row £600,000, aud for tho iest he vvould be depsndent upon the Yan Yean. In dealing with tho Yan Yean, he did not wish to treat unfairly with the people of Melbourne, and he pror-083d to put them on an equal footing with the people who were ruuplled with water in the country. If they paid the in- terest on the money and tho cojt of maiu tenanco of the works, he was willing they should be credited with it ; and it would be impossible to say tho people of Melbourne were treated with injustice when they wore allowed the same farms by which resi- dents in the country were bound. There were parts of the country for which he had not had lime to get an actual survey, but in all such cases where ha could form an approximata idea of the outlay that would be required, he proposed to set aside such a sum ¡-s seemed likely to bo sufficient. For in- stance, in tho case of the Ovons district, ns there nod not been time for a survey or pre- paration of plans, be had set aside a round sum of JSICO.CCO, and he propped to deal in like manner with all such cases. In the Maryborough dishict, in which it was pro- posed to expend £120,000, there was available a magnificent stream of water in tho Pyrenees, almost equal to the Yan YeaD, only the drain- age area was smaller, Travelling from the Loddon through the Avoca district, and on to boyond Ararat, thora were many eligible spots for storing water, and ho had given in- structions that reserves of these lands should be made forthe future. (An hon. member.-" Is Gipps Land included in the schema ?") It wai not at present proposed to expand any money in that district, as Gipps Land was a youug country, very well supplied with water, and its futuro was too indeterminate to justify a largo expenditure. It would only ha weary- ing lion, members to detail all the particulars of the scheme, which were fully set forth in the schedule of works, and he must refer bon. members to that schedule, from which it would ba seen that every place of importance waa embraced in the largo extent of country throuiih which tho water would be conveyed. In addition to tho items there set forth, he asked for some £20,000 or £30,000, to complote works which had already been commenced, and which ho did not think it necessary to put down in the schedule. Thera was a subject intimately connected with the water supply, co which he must now refer; ho alluded to the planting of timbar. It was a well-known fact that the | timber of this colony wa* Tapidly decaying, and, to remedy this evil he proposed to plant timber around the water reserves aud along the aqueducts. He had alteady commenced the planting of timber upon a small scale, but he proposed, if the House would vote tho monpy, to go on with it on a largo and syste- matic scale. If tre s were planted along tho lino of the aqueducts, both the tree3 and tho aqueducts would derive benefit, Tho trees would have the benefit of moisture for their roots, and the aqueducts would be bsaefitod because the foliage of the trees would, to some extent, prevent the evaporation of tho water. The men who would have to be em- ployed to take charge of tho aqocducts and reservoirs after they were constructed could also take care of tho timbar, and guard It against damage by firo or wild animals. " Tho drainago areas and the vicinity of the reser- voirs could also ba planted. Hu intended to obtain useful trees from other countries for the purpose of planting, end ho believed,that in about thirty years the timbar would yield a source of revenue to the statu, lu JEagland, timber was generally fit for use when in was sixty years of 030, but the growth of vegeta- I non was mucn moro rapid in this colony, and it might therefore ba calculated that timber would bo of marketable value about thirty years after it was planted. The value of tho timber on timbered lands ia Eagland was about £250 per acre for soft woods, and £400 for hard woods. He did not imagino that timber would ever bo of tho same value in this colony, but oven if it were a quarter of tho value tho coat of planting would prove a very good investment. Amongst the trees which he desired to see plauted, and which |he believed were well adaptad for Vic- toria, was the Californian pine, tho black locust, the Himalaya csdar, hickory, maple, and such timber as was voluable for ship building. Another great benefit which would beobtaiued by the extension of water supply to the country districts, would b3 tho prevention of bush-fires. He bdlieved that the valuo of the property which had been destroyed by bush fires during the last twelve or fourteen years, was more than the whole amount which would ob required to carry out the Echemo of water-supply which ho hod sub- mitted. He did not mean to say that the construction of aqueducts and reservoirs would altogether prevent bush-fire', but ho believed that they;would, if proper precau- tions were also adopted, be the means of doing so to a very great extent. The extent to which such fires would ba prevented would, ' indeed, ba sufficient to induce him to proceed .with his scheme of watst supply, even if there were no other considerations to recommend it. He would reaiind lion. mBmbars, that not only the would gold-fields be benefited by the extension of wator supply to them, but Melbourne and every part of the colony would participate in thu benalit which would be effected. It had sometimes been asked why the state should undertake the work of supplying the country with wator. It was no new thing tor the state to under- take such works. The providiog ot an adequate supply of water hud baan recognised as one of the first duties of the state by the ancient Rinnans, by the Mahomedaa con querorfl ot India, by the British Government in Indi», and, in fact, by various natious of the world from time immemorial. Tho Government, therefore, wero not without pre- cedent for the work which they were about to undertake. Ho had submitted the scheme to tho com m i Use to the best of hil ability, and ho would simply add that he anticipât« j it would be considered defective, and that many of its details would ba found fault with, but that he should ba vory glad to adopt a bettor plan if it were pointed out to him. From experience in many lauds, he believed that there was no climate in tho world bo salubiious as that of Victoria. The country also contained untold mining wealth, and the soil was of excellent quality, as every day was proving, and capablo of growing every- thing requited to supply the necaistries or luxuries of man. There was also sufficient rainfall every year to supply all the require- ments of the country, if tbe water wore properly stored; and nature had given ampio storage-pround. It only remained for the people to take advantage of it. He beltoved that if Buch a scheme as bo had submitted were carried into effect, the pros- perity of the country would be placed on a sound and permanent basis. (Heal, hear.) Mr. KERFERD remarked that it was doubtful whether the meriure which pro- posed to siva the Government power to soil the Yan Yean works wonld ba passed by the Legislative Council ; and he desired to know what steps tho Government would take for obtaining tho necessary funds to carry out the scheme which had been submitted by the Minister of Mines if that bill were rejected? The scheme contemplated an expanditaro of over £1,OCO,000, but the Government wero only asking for a loan of £500,000. Mr. SULLIVAN hoped that tho bill would ha paesed, but at all events the Government could not be deprived of the revenue derived from the Yan Yean works. Mr. KERFERD asked whether the Govern- ment would advance the local bodies the I amoontcstlmatcd for supplying the different districts wich water on security of the local rates. I Mr. SULLIVAN remarked that in the caso of Ballarat, annppllcatlon had beenmadofor £50,000, to extend the works for supplyins that locality with water, and the Government would be willing to advanca the amount to the Water Commission, on condition that tho work was executed under the supervision and to the satisfaction of an officer to ba appointed by the Government. Aa a general rule, how ever it woold be preferable that the GotoT. ment should do the work themselves mm Mr. O'SHANASSY would vote for the i*. lotion, on the«ndorstunding that ha wa?»r liberty to criticise the schema wh«n thTcu vernment submrtted their bill. It wa»w, bo expected that hon. members Zf. position to give their undivided approbaL8 to the scheme, simply aftoc hearing th° 2 ment made by tho Minister of Mines fe was in favour of the general nronnaiH». ? supplying the conntryVtricrf °ft * but be did not pie. go himself to suppôt »I the details of tha plan which had hiïl JÏ' mitted. The bill would have to provX »J machinery for the repayment of the lÄ districts from which the population rali? at any time partially or wholly ¿,2 Another matter forconaideration was. wS the proposition to «nable the q^yàrnort i Council to tax tha districts wh^^TanS plied with water would not t I^wlthT" powers givon to the. local beales und« £ Local Govornmont Act. m I Mr. GILLIES remaikod that two of tk" ! woiks contemplated by the MliikL ? Mines' schemes would absorb £470 (wi nearly the whola of the amount ¿Sri! Government proposed to borrow. Thom*. nuo derived from the Yan Yoau wouldZ enable tha Govemment to carry out K mainder of tho details of the scheme Mr. HIGINBOTHAM.-The Yan v», works may be sold. ttn "*> Mr. GILLIES thought there wa, »"a doubt whether the Governinsnti would h able to sell tho Yan Yean works: aÄl they did sell them, it might ««, " question whether part of the money LnU not b3 expended for the se wo rag, 0n?? bourne, lie, however, could no; s2 advantage the Govemment would derlÄ capUaliBing the revenue derived from Zul of the Yan Yean. Thty would still btfíi Bponsible for the payment of tha intwSuf tho rnouev borrowed for the coastru S 5 tho Yan Yean. It would bomuch b" \ the Government, iustsad of nat. »if a loan of £500,000 orfly, should^b ,r "Í lho whole amount necessary to construct hi works contemplated in the scheme which!al been submrtted by the Ministar of S/ lho Government expected that those work» would be reproductive, and why, then, shoal,! they object to ask the House to sane km tt borrowing of tho money? If only S fro were borrowed, he was convinced tkUh two schemes to which he had refcrral-u Geelong scheme and the Coliban scheme would have tho first consideration. S.. the surveys wore already completed and 1 proved by the Government, The Govern ment, therefore, could not off« auy reason why they should not be proceeded with. On tan I other hand, the suives for Bieohraft I Ararat, Maryborough, Avoca, and other I piuce«, coma nos Da completad lu le« thin six or twelve months. After tlio £500 (Mo was expanded, how could the Gov.^S? construct works which would cost Í7CD003 5 It »ns impossible that they could do it out of t tho Yan Yean revenue; and it would bu ne I cossary for them to come down for power h eiíe,0,LaAutt£er loan' rhB condition upon J whioh tho Government proposed to extmdi water-supply to the various districts waa »la i wrong in principle. The interest on thal capital expended and the cost of mainWn-1 ing the works would amount to a cbarafl of eight por cent., »ntl it was urcWkfl that the localities bsnefited should ravi tins amount. The expenditure for suwiswel Geelong with water wasebtiraatcd at £150(ml and a charge of eight percent, on that wc-ul« amount to £12,C0O per annum. It was not! to be expected that tho population of Olonefl could afford to pay that amount. Asimilar! remark applied to the other districts. If theil Government adopted the principle oflaskiotfl each district pay eight per cant. peraonuaH upon the amount expended in supplyiasifc! with water, the works would never lia con-! Bttucted. That principio had not feaS adopted in the construction of tho railway» 9 or in tho construction of the Yau Yean.'! works. ? Mr. GRBEVES thought the scheme w, in the moin, a good ona ; but he wai «im- pelled to differ with the Minister of Jims ou some points. Ha thought tho expanse ofrhj Echema was considerably under-estimfej, the cartage of pipes, for instance, bieg omitted. It was not stated, however, wheher the works wero to be constructsd with ppjj or open aqueducts ; but if pipe3 were iel, und had to be carried over rough counttj tho expense would be cnnsiderible. It m found necessary to conuhuctu trammyt) carry tho pipes to the Yan Yeou, «nalia mere conveyance of tho land which it \h necessary to purchase cost £1 par acie, U to the planting of trees roand tho ton voirs, or along the lino of the draias, miy eminent engineera in England were oppoierb the system ; and it was known that the impu ties which were found in the Yan Yean wat arose principally from decomposed vegetal matter. With reference to the coatat system, ho was of opinion that itwouMij beBt, provided the services ot an ableensioir, who would faithfully perform his fal>, could be eccured. Tho Shefnald aerrlr had been alluded to as au instance In whii the contract system had worked badly, It in that case it was well kuown that ta engineer had neglected his duties. M i irrigation, if a system like that adoptjd I Piedmont and Lombardy were carried oat, I believed that it would be a matter of seven millions of money. With reference to Ga long, he considered it had a prior claim, ii 06much as promises had been made by tit successivo Ministries, neither of wblcn hi been carried out. Ho doubted very muc whether the wat3r could be inado srailabl for bush-fires, as it would require a lar¡ efaff of assistants to seo that the system m carried out. On the whole, the scheme wai just and fair one, und although ha refer« to himself tho right of questioning Bomo tbo details, he snould support the presoi proposition, | Mr. G. V. SMITH remarked that irrlgatii would never be required hero on such a lil scale as was necessary in Piedmont and Loi bardy ; and as to the maintenance of ii r« if it werenroptrly constructed, one mau nug! to be sufficient to keep five miles of It In i pair. Tho scheme ought to give satlsfucti to the promoters of the Coliban water schei ond to the representatives of Geelouß; but fenred that, according to theipresent propos the advantages of water supply would i reach such places as Beechworth for sav years, at tho least. The amount of roon proposed to bo îaised wasquite inadéquat«! the purpose. At least £1,000,000 would ba ; quired to give every district in tho colony I advantages of water supply, and hu could i see why the amount should not bo askedf at ou ce. Mr. VERDON regretted that thera ehol be a misunderstanding as to the intentions the Government. It was not intended ti certain portions of the colony should bo s plied to the piejadicu of others. He ï already explained that it was proposed to I crease this £500,000 by the atnotini den' from tho sale or leane of the Yan Ye works. Hon. members seemed to think ti because petitions had been sent in »gas the bill it would ba lost, but he wasii propared to accept that proposition. N¡ that Melbourne had bson supplied, ho old ti seo why the country districts should b3 i prived of Blmilar advantages. ( An hon. mel Ler.-" Sewerage ") Well 6ew«jraK8 ml?bt a \try desirable thing, but ho u»T»"1 that tho country dibtricts wi.ro ontrilid to supplied with watei bafore Melbourne ! sewerage Even suppo log the Ya» « works wero not sold-ulthough ho palin they would ha-the proceeds of the works coi be devoted to the present Boheme It waa i likely that the £500000 would ha o\pen for two or three yearn, and by that tiaro proceeds from the Yan Yean wouii a amounted, nt the rata of £500COa>ew t sum of £1C0,000, which could be added to amount of the loan. Taking these tmoj. consideration, the committee wera not jos in assuming that there would not bo sumí funds to enable the Government to go on > these works completelv, and without pi When it was asked why appljcuion c not as well bo mado for a million or s ? lion und a quarter of money as for it w reply was, that they on iht to pausi.lii.io e necessarily adding to the d ibt of lbs ti» for however necessary it might be to i»j money lor tnese wonts, conou.»"« ."./. would bo reproductive, it hphoycfl «>e? act with caution, and no'Jto oo:roj' sums heedlessly. Thopr «ertwaBDOi» propitious time to go i ''.) rû°neym" lor large loans. If no taught for n_» that by the course proposed the pj)«» would deal unjustly with one distrtaW pared with the treatment received1 by W ho would say at onco that hon. nw would be justified in rejecting this se» But his bon. colleague had from "w i at great risk to his .own popularl r, fused to support a scnemo "M*^" apply to tho whole country. It »«A that the revenue derived from tto vm had been applied to pay off tbo'b'-1° J money had uniformly gone towart' w tension of tho works, trad thefne*^ had »reived nothing from M>tt^¡K the proposal the Govemmeûj, j--^ other branch of the ^^""n* ceptcd, they would havu what they wv« T-rf-fore - viz, something representing tho interest they paid on the rooney expended on the Yon Yean, »nd tho prouts derived thora iiorn From vfhat ho bad hoard outside the House it was likely that a sale of tho Yan Venn on terms satisfactory to tho Govern- ment' nould bo effected ; but whether leased r EOl'd, the vxpenditutt would b3 represented ilvan equivalent. Ho thought thero was every ¡?»«on to believe that they would ba able to rlrry out tho wholo of the worlis without nreiudlcoto any particular paît of tho coun }' , a)l(i hu maintained that tho Government had fulfillört all they had promised, to the House and the country. Mr. MOORli agreed with the bon. the Tren nnrer'that it whs highly desirable that tua loan should not exceed the amount actually rcauirtd for tbe construction of these works. ThiswiiBof all others the most inopportuno ¿fIiod (o/">poso a loan, and particularly as they H ^e misfortune to ha in close BicsimilJr'--,n colony which will reduced almost lo á-itate of chronic bankruptcy. Ho admitted that a woik of this nature waa one of the most legithnat-j objects for which "loancould ba raised; but he did not think tbe fcberae could hu carried out with such happy results as the bon. the Minister of Hines uppearcd to anticipate. A difficulty wflild ba experienced in getting regular pay mints from »be districts supplied with water, and it would be foruid that tho country towns would not always imposa suffi- ciently high rates to meet their liability. In addition to this, tho bon. moaibar had not taken into account the circumstanco that In ninny localities population had of late uiy materially decreased. Tho Housa, te thouitht, should hesitate before ignoring die interests of private individuals; and ha thought tiiose ¡íentloineii who h<wl taken so much trouble to prepare Ino schemes which had been under discussion had been very unfaitly dealt with, l'rivats enterprise, pro- perly fiips-rvised by the slate, wat sometimes tot adapted for worltB of this nature ; and he hoptd the Government would consider the proprii-ty of adopting come of the proposals which lind been made by those immediately connccUd with thii scheme?. The proposi- tion now subfitted by the Government was pledging the country to another large ex- penditure, ni-d cs the colony waa already rery deeply in debt, it appeared to bim that the 'Ireaturtu of future years would bo puzzled to adjust the finances of tho country aatibiactorily. Mr. lilCHARDSON regarded tha amount of money »'kid as very reasonable, considering tbe great object it was proposed to accom- plish hy Its expenditure. Geelong approved/ of tlo scheme, and tho inhabitants of that town did not expect to bo supplied with water for noth'iDg. Mr. HARKER would like to know if the Coummint propc~cd to increase the water aatts at. present paid by the citizens of 3Iel tDUinoí He understood that comothing like £60,000 from ihu Ynn Yean was relied upou ; bnt the sum iraeived la-t year wes only '£41,000. and how would the estimate ha iealiEed? Mr. VERDON thought the bon, membar had under esiimntjd the revenuo for 18[!1 by overlooking the fact that there was always a j certain amount of arrana due on oash year's ¡nies. Hi) inipzuxion wa-, that tho-sum of ¿50,000 mteht La ri- lied upon as tho amount , which would be rea!'zed. Mr. lIAltKElt remarked that the arrears l»<t year only amounted to about £2,703. He tit bound to oppose the resolution. Had tlie Government simply proposed to apply the amount derived Iroru the solo of the Yan Yean works ti supplying tho country district"! mih watai, he should not havo raised any. objection to the scheme ; but he thought that, itttead of adding to the liability of the co- lony, fconiethin i ought to b3 donato reduce the liability. Theio was no sinking fund tor paying off tho railway loan, and tha annual revenue of the colony was aiinimskinç rather than increasing. If the present scheme of ttater supply were adopted, the rlobt of the colony would amount to about £10,000,030, theintert-st on which, at six par cont., would be ¿000,000 pîr annum. Considering their future pioEpects, they wera not justified in adding to the prêtait liability of the colony. Another objection which ho had to the scheme was, that ho had no faith In Government under- taking works of this kind. Private enterprise ensured a far more economical expenditure in euch works than any Government supervision could do. Even the revenue derived from the Ynn Yoan, which waa tho most successful public work undertaken by tho Govern- ment, did not pay the six par cent, in- terest on tho capital inve3ied, for the net revenue last year was ouly £40,000, If the Yan Yian did not pay six per C9iit. interest, itwuuldbaimporfiiblo to get a return of eiçht per cent, upon capital invested in similar works in tho country districts. Moreover, it kLould uotbeforgottan that about £230,000 had alitaib been expendi-d in ondoavouring to supply tome of the gold-fields with water, and the works bad proved so unremunarative that tho Government of the day had been glad to traiibfc-r tho custody of them to the lc:a\ ladite. Another objection to the scheme was, that it did not propose to benefit the farming inteiesf. No plan of ¡irisation wes pioposcl to protect iho farmers against drought. Though the mining int:rnt was an imioiiant ono, the yield of gold wa3 steadily decreasing, while the farming in ttrttt must necerarily increase in impor- tance »i population increased. Hon. mem- bers ci-rtair-'y ought, to heaitate before sanc- tioning the loan e-iked for until some- proof wrs givm that tho works would ba repro- ductive, The resulta which had attended pmate ent rprisa in endeavouring ti sup- ply three of the prinoipol gold-fields with water afforded straus reason for ba lieving that the Government scheme would not be reproductive. The more the colony multiplied IIB leads, the more it decreased its borrón ing power. The New South Wales Government liad borrowed to such an extent in the houiu market that now they could not tou'ow at all. Ona of tho New Zealand Go- vernments was iii a similar portion, and Tasmania had also b;on in a similar position. II tbe Government sold the Yan Yean works to the Corporation of Melbourne and the suuonndiiiR municioiilltiea for £6Î3,OCO or iiaO.CCO, they wouid have sufficient fnnds for extoiidiug water supply to the country dis- tricts without any farther loan. Hon. mern brs ought, at all events, to wait to s:o the mult of tho operation of the new Land Act upon the natiunal revenue b;fore thoy added to a debt which already amounted to £17 par head for tha whole population-meu, women, and children-in the colony. Mr. OMI wished tha Minist-r of Mino3 to slate explicitly how the Government proposed to expend thoí5C0,0D0? He should oppise tbeaoticn unless lie ícsolved nnanurauce that no preference would ba given to any of the schemes embraced in the schedule, ne thought the Government ou;;ht to ask for power- to borrow sufficient to cony out all the works contemplated, as there was notning which tho country mora needed tkau a good supply of water. Though the hon. member for Collinswood had complained that the Yan Yean works Wero unproductive, it must not bo forgotten that at the time these works were constructed the wages of labourers ranged from lh, to 30s. per day. If the rataof labour had been then what they now were, the Yan Yean Mould hava paid tan or twelve par cant, interest on the outlay. Mr. FRANCIS said the cominitleo should hmit Itself to the consideration of tho Bimple Propoiition, whether a loan of £GO0,C03 should fcoraited. lie did notthink it would bapiooor to submit at this stage a Bchedula Bhowmg the details of the works, as by so doing the oiícufíion would bo raised at the wron? time, and after tha information given by his col- league, the committee ou«ht at once to give facilities for furnishing a water-supply to the coontty. Hu Bbould reprot E3 much as the non. member for Sandridge to seo an accu- mulation of loaDS which would prove aburden to the pi -jple, hut it was absolutely necessary inn lu vtlfuro of the country that the gold ;'fcidM tl.ould b2 bcttar supplied with watar. -ile lu i.-vctl that a good deal of the unprofit- able i. i ovil of miners from place to place youu f i the deficient water-supply, and mi't t< ?',) be no doubt that to tho same j-,'-'' - nu, ne attributed the decrease in . "' I'M', i,i gold. The revenuo derived i-'iL-i ib j.;., Yean wrs nearly £GJ,O00, i'K,-'(!c MN/jflO, as stated by the member ,l i. "v ,'io:-:, end if property con 1,1 '".i ,,v"rc;.;c in value ns It was now in "?. 'L,i,(te vas a legitimate expectation Ï8, '' i ; ....'no irom tho Yan Yean, before jue i .- ?vr.cîil 7car, without any increa?e rJr ' . ',' -? boulet be n»arer £70,000 than "" :. i . J ,lls h°D- rnembcr for Sandridge had (',",11 ' ,in llis ophion it would t; pre iiuDiu . lcivii the matter to orivate enter \- - e. I i p.i,r, cxperienco had" forced him ,-,'ie(,c-' ili,|JJl tüat tiley could reston that -'i-ecuiuu no longer. ? Piivata companies ».<./>-too aiuch influt-ncci by their own con j'uratiout ti nndi'it-.ka vatsr supply for tho J*WJ.I and, bccHle4 ia tb;s work there T«'t U- unity of design, .Ko one deprecatad . -u more than himiolf ; ,'mt, ho would ask, «ml , °r? h- idlu when sources of wealth rnr r11,°?tTTWcre ftl -alotely drying up under lo i,, ¡?iHS »omitid that the bill proposed in» "i !nt'od"ced would, uuthoriso the lovy inB ot ratju; but he maintained that it was only fair the ? stato Should havo a Kuarantea for the advances it misht make. It had bean argued that the Yan Yean ¡had been a disappointment, as far as profit was concerned ; but he maintained that in iusur once alone tho works had already paid for themselves, Ile would say nothing about the increase or" health and comfort which had resulted from their establishment, but would morely point out, that in addition to advantages of tills description, the gold-fields' would b«i placed in possession of requirements (or gold-mining. As to the .scheme being a profitable oue, ho wbb fatistied that the inte- rest on tho loan, derived from, the works would bo i qtiivalerlt to interest at the rate of fourteen, instead of four por cent. The hon. member for Collingwood had also referred to tho railways as baing a failure ; but if be would calculate the enormous saving in time they bud iffected, and the wonderful facilities theybad givf-n for communication, ha would admit that they had been of some advantiige. Tho lion, member bad also referred to the fuct that the districts which were already in possession of the accidental advantages con- ferred by tho lailways wera to nave the addi- tional advantage of warer supply;.but tho lion, member must rdmit that these distiicts contained the liehest leads of gold in tlie colony, and wero thorefivro entitled to moro consideration than many others. Thosa members who wanted the Yan Yean works to be handed over to the Melbourno Cor- poration must have torgotten that the Houso five years »eo passed ft resolution to tlio effect that the Yan Yean should b3 sold, or thut its annual income should bu capi- talized for the express purposo of supplying the gold-fields with water. Under nil these circumstance-1, he trusted the committee would adopt tho right course, and approve of the Fchcnie. Mr. M'lELLAN complained that the sclemo k&b; calculated to tjnefit only Mel- bourne, Goalong, and Ballarat. He bjlieved it would tako at least ten yeau to eairy out the proposals contained in the papers sub- mitted lor iiiE-pection. When tho propar time carno, ho should insibt that tho districts sup- plied with water should give securities in order that tho colony at lurga might not ha held responsible for tho expenditure. Mt. ZEAL admitted that Melbourao wai entitled to primary advantage in notional expenditure, but he thought it very un- fair of the- metropolitan members to oppcia the interests of the country districts when such large sums bed Laen lavished on public works and buildings iu Melbourne. If no private company was prepaid to take up the work, it was quita right that the Stita should cairy it od, nnd it wts his intention to support the Government echóme. Hu might mention thrvt Mr. Brady, in h's evi- dence bM'oibtheEtlcct eommUt:a, bed stated that he had Bren a race on tho Buck'imd en- tirely fitpaiident on an irregular supply of water willoh yielded ¿'CO a weak, omi it was well known that the mining int:rc3t suffer» d greatly fiom the absenco of a good supply of water in tho country districts. There wero also txt:-nsive plains betwrsu the Murray and the gold-workingB, now fit on'y for püstoral purpcn-33, which could ba turned into a gold-tielu if water could ba obtalued in laige quantities. Mr. KYTE tolieved in the utility of the Government cchemo, aud would give it his Biippoit. If thogold-fieldBhada properwate supply the yield in summer would represent ona mi'liou staling mora than it did at pro Eent. He wes himself a shareholder iu a company in which &10.C33 worth of stone lay useless for want of v.-atcr. Ho observed from tho Echcdule of works rhat out of tho twenty dhtricts it wps procured ti supply with water, thut the wat-jr would ha used fur the purges of irrigation in nine; that it would b3 used for milling purposes in slxtaen cai>:3; and that it was required for domestic puip03C3 in each ins'ance. Mr. VALE thought the country was to ba congi ululated upon the position it occupied, I as shown by the papL-r.i submitted in con- nexion with tho wat2i suppl.7. It appeared that they had not only a very large rainfall, but that the rain fell in a way favourable to the stowage of watar-that was, in large qutmtitif? at several different; psrieds of tho year. Ile counidtrci that tho farmers would be greatly b.-nefittid by the scheme, and he thought it would be raadnos to defer taking action in so impoi tant a matter because the colony was in debt. He supported the scheme us a great national necfsity, even though it should not provo reproductive ; but ho be- lieved that the lecal be lic3 were prepared to meet the liabil'Iy which would ba ímpoaed upon them, Mr. EINDON regarded the supply of wator to the country districts as u matter of abso- lute necesnity. It was us nects-ary for the farming iuhrct ns it wa'! for the mining in- terest. He would not alludo to italy or any other old country to show the great benefits deiivetl from the irrigation of the lund, but be would refer to a country which might b: said to bo only fift-.;n years old-namely, Algeria, which might ha charactarised as tho Australia of Erauce. Tho bon. member pro- ceeded to read an extract from n^ article by Mr. Caird, in the Journal of the agricultural Sockty, describing the great improvement in the value of the land in Algalia which had been effected by the adoption of a syatsm of ¡irigation ; and continued by expressing an opinion that the Govemmont ought to ask for a larger loan than ££33,033, and that the amount might be increaied without in- curring grer.ter liabilities than the Go- vernment had contemplated. Tho Trea hiirer bad asked for a loan of ¿£530,010 for railway yurposes ; but the amount had been reduced to £2riO,QGX Ho also proposed to nek for authoiity to borrow £300,033 for the notional defences, but ho (Mr. Burdon) believed that tho Houx3 would ba inclined to say that £IÜ0,0C3 should bu the sum. The reductions made on these two items amounted to ¿M0O.CC0, which, added to the sum which tho Government aikrd fqr, would make £TO,OCO, which would bo amply sufficient for all the purposes required; and it would ba just as easy to obtain a large loan in the Ensllsh market as asmeHone. If the Government ob- tained j: wer to sell the Yan Yean works, it might not he accessary to boirowatall;butlt would ba well not to depend upon tho Yan Yean, but tike power to borrow £833,000 or £900,000. He thought rho loan ought t j b3 increased to that amount. Ile would also suggest that au hydraulic engineer shou'd ha sent for from Inuia to supsrintend tho con- struction of tho works, or that the engincar who had prepared the plrws for the Coliban scheme should b3 sent to India to inspict tho hydraulic works in that country. An bon. member had objectad ti a loan for water supply because the colony had already entered into a heavy lotta for railways, which were not remunerative ; but the ex- tention of watc-r supply to the cornlry dis- tricts was one of the best things that could ba done to mako tho railways remunerative . Mr. CREWS was in favour of the country distiicts being supplied with watar, but he thought that the Yan Yean had beon un- necessarily introduced into the discunion. The Government proposed to appropriate ÍC0.C3O a year, deiived from the Yan Yean works, for extending wahr supply to tho coun- try districts ; but how could they do so when tho revenue derived from tho Yan Yean did notpay the interest on the capital investad? It appeared to him that tha Government had endeavoured to raise a feeling of antagonism between tho country and tho town members. Certainly, tho statement that £5O,OC0 per annum would bo availablo from the Yan Yean was calculated to mislead country members. Tho town members only asked for the Bame justice that they would give to the country. They were willing that a loan should b3 raised, that tho propa-ed works should-ba carried out on the same condition, that the Yan Yean had b::n, and that the works in due time, as they became profitable, should revert to tho local bodies. Mr. L. L. SMITH refeircd to bia previous proposal, that the Government Bhould guarautta a moderate interest to any Eng- lish company which would raica £20,000,030 for the purpose of irrigating the colony, and called the attention of tho Minister of Lands to tho great destruction of forflEl'i which wai taking place, and the eflV .t this destruction wus sure to have on the question of water supply. Mr. TUCKER stated that the speeches made that evening were just what he had ox« pected to hear, lie could havo repeated thom beforehand mbalim. Every one had treated tho question fiom a selfish point of view. Ho criticised the addresses of the membors for Sandridge and the Murray, aud defended the action' of the committeo appointed on his motion to inquire into the question of supply- ing the Castlemaine district. No other district had such claims as those, of Saudhurst and Castlemaine. An expenditure of a quarter of n million on a propar wat:r csheme would, ho was convinced, doublo tho population of those localities, and would cause the Go- vernment railway to pay six iustaad of tbrea and a half psr cent. As to leaving tho mattar to private enterprise, he would like to kuow what public workB had ever been carried out by this meant1. Wosnot the Geelong line a failure, and tho Mount Alexander lino also? Tho vroposed loan of £500,030 was ample in the first instance, for even if Government had 4 Extensive plans cut and dried, labour was not availal la to cany them out. Mr-CAMPBELL deemed it necessary that thore should bo some distiuc understanding as to how the money proposed to ba raised blipuld be spent. Ho would regret to see anjthing Urse log-rolling, but it was obvious enough that, so iar as the memb ir for Kyne- ton boroughs val concerned, u country wafer supply meant simply the Coliban scheme. It appeared t; him that the Coliban and tho Geoloug schemes would nbaorb the wholo of the available funds. He hoped, ho wever, that the Ministor of Mines would givo a distinct pledge that ull the money would not bo t-peiit in one distrlot. He oleo considered that the amount aiked for was quite inade- quate for the purpose. Tho Government should bave pioposod a loan of at least a million. Mr. WHEELER endorsed tbo opinion of the bon. membar who last sat down. Tho Government ought to have asked for a suffi- cient 8iirn to euiible every part of the colony to participate in tha ac.vant.ge3 of tbo scheme, and he was confident thero would be rio difficulty in raising the money in the Eng litdt marke-r. Ho wished to draw attention to the fact, that the scheme recommended by the select committee waa no longer Mr. Biady's scheme, ns several imnrtant altera- tions liad been made, lu tbo first place, tha reservoir at Malmsbury had bsen increased in size, and removed twenty chains from tho placo originally intended, and tho fail in the wator had been iuciea~ed from two feat to three feet eix inche's in the mile. In fact, the écheme could not be called Brady's t-cbotno nny longer, and ho culled it the committed«) ccheinc. Mr. LEVE Y thought the schome should ha called "TuckBr's Soborne," as tha hon. and gallBut member for Kyneton was frenernlly undeistcod to have be-on atthotnttom of it. (Laughter.) As to borrowing money, ho did not think the Government would find it veiy easy to obtain a loan of £503,000; and if the committee increnstd the sum to £1,000,033, the Government would ba justified in with- drawing the schomo, Mr. GILLIES, in order to test the feeling of the committee, would move that the amount bo increased to £1,003,000. Nothing liad so much astonished and disgusted him in the debate as the conduct of the Mel- bourne members, who appeared tT have not the slightest acgard tor any but their own dis- tricts He cautioned the country members that if they aj'owcd tho resolution te» pass as it now stood, their districts would not parti- cipate in the advnutage i of the scheme. They would ba placed in the same position as Geelong, which had not to th'iday rccaivel any of the £200,C30 mentioned in the aot. The best plan would be to pms a bill au- thorising a loan of £l,C30,O00, bnt of coursa, if the Upper House passed the bill authorising the dbpoe-al of tbo Yan Yean works, tho whole of the amount would not be required, Mr. VERDON said the bon. member had no right to infer that the Upper House would not pes the bill. If the Upper Houï? did throw out the bill the Government would amond tbeir proposition; but it would ha very immadeuttook for £l,0C3,C3O on tho supposition that tho measure now baforo tho other branch of the Legislature would be rejected. He hoi -d, after what he had said, the hon. membar would withdraw his mo- tion. Mr. L. L. SMITH said "that, considering tho importance of tho amendment, he would movo that progress ha reported. Mr. M'CULLOCH hopad the bon. member for Balarat West would withdraw h's motion, because if he did not the Govern- ment would abandon the se-home. It wn a monstrous absurdity to voto £1,030,033, whilo the Government already had the au- thority of the House to expand £703,000, for he considered thesaloofthcYan Yean works would produce that amount. If the amendment was cniried, the Government would ha in the position of baviag £1,700,000 in thoi* handi to spend. When the hon. member said that it viould not meko any differenca if a bill w«b brought in for £1,030,000. it Bhowed he know nothing about the English money market. The CHAIRMAN suggested that the ques- tion of reporilpg progress should be decided before the amendment was considérée!. After some lemarks from Mr. Cohf^j and Mr. Kme, The motion for reporting progress was negatived without a division, Mr. M'CULLOCH, rcferrin? to the remarks of tho hon. member for Ballarat West, said English capitalists wero a very senutive cla«i ot men. Every speech and every vo1": of the House wus watched by them with intercrt, and if a bill was pnEsed authorising the ex- penditure of £1,000,033, they would at one» come to the conclusion that it was intended to borrow this amount. On tho contrary, if they found that only £500.000 waa asked for, when the co=t of the contemplated works was £1,£CO,000, they would seo that the colony was economising its means, and would be moro dispose! to tain up tho loan. He did not know what objtct tho bon. morn ber had in view, unie s it wa«, that knowing the Government would not accent Ms prcpo Ritiou, hu prce>-ed it with the view of having the whole question shelved. Mr. GILLIES.-Perhaps that is tho deliro of the Government. Mr. M'CULLOCH said tho Government woio sincerely anxious teicairyout a scheme to supply the whole country with water, Perhaps the hon. tuomtu-r forBo'larat West would have taken a different view of the matter had ho been the repreientativo of a distiict in the -vicinity of the Loddon. In the course of two or three ycara, the Government ment hoped to sre watar supplied to every dis- trict in the country ; nud he would re- mind hon. membfcij that this £503,000 was not to be expended in ona yea*-, nor would the whole of that sum ba ex- pended on the Coliban or in GeoloDg. Tho Government he-Id that the municipalities of Melbourne and tho neighbourhood were en- titled to ba considered first in the negotiations foi- the sale of tho Yan Yean ; but at tho same time, if thçso municipalities wete not willing to give the fair valuo ot tho works, the Government would consider themselves at libeity to sell to othei parties. After some remarks from Mr. Couen, Mr.'EERFERD said it would bo more satis- factory if the Government would assure tho corurnitteo that in tho uvant of their having only half a million of ruonoy nt their disposal, they would either ask for a further loan, or see that this sum wus expended simultane- ously thioughout the colony, a pro rata divi- sion among the districts Suing made, as it wab feared that tbo works in two districts would absorb the greater poitlon of the money. | Mr. M'CULLOCn remarked that the Trea suier had already intimatad that a proposi- tion would ba submitted to the House in the event of leave to sell tho Yen Yean beiug re- fused. Mr. SULLIVAN reminded the Housa that he lind ni ways refused to sanction any scheme that did Dot proposo to deal equally with all portions of the country, and enid he bad no' wish to see this schema carried out unless the moneys were expended sirmiitaneuusly in the different districts. Ho had no intention of making nny preference; and wheu the Go- vernment stated they wtvre prepared to sub- mit a scheme in the event of the Yan Yean not being sold, what more could bo asked? Mr. G. V. SMITH hoped tha bon. membar for Ballarat West would withdraw his amend- ment, in view of the Treasurer's explana- tion. ( Tho amendment was then withdrawn, and the motion was agreed to. / ijirmsoHMEHT ron debt baw amendment/ LILL. 0 j On the order of tho day for the furthtf consideration of this mensuro in com- mittee, I Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said the hon. incu- ber for Creswick, who had introduced a 0(1 upon the same subject, had yielded in carton points in which his bill differed from tho Government measure. He (Mr. Higlnbothain) also garo way upon one point, and it vas thouglit that the bill, amended so as to ¿vo effect to this arrangement, must be acc«pt Bblo to the House. It was of importance that tho nieasuio should pass during mis session, if only to secure the release f:om prison of the man to whoco caca tho Ion, member for South Boulka bad directed atten- tion. Several bon. membsrs objectad to tbi bill being proceeded with in committoe at 6» lata au hour; und the ordor of the day was post- poned until next day. riSHEKins AND GAME STATUTE AMENIMENT HILL. Mr. GltEEVES moved the third reading of this measure. Tho House divided on the question, when there appeared- , Ayes. 31 Noes ... . .!.» Majority for tho motion ... IB The following is tlirj division list:-' AYES. Mr. IHjîlntolham Mr, Roblii3(«i Mr. Bindon \- Kurll \-- CampPcll \- C'a toy \- Cohen \- Cope \- Creswick \- Dalles \- J-rain.1« \- O rant \- Greeus , Mr. Brown \- Crows \-- Krhvnrds \- Gillios \- Girdlcitono Houston \- Howard \- Jones \- Kin* \- Alaron \- M'Culloch \- Jllchie \- Orr \- Richardson NOES. Mr. Harker \- Kerferd \- Lour \- Lo; I \- S inda \- Smith, O.V. \- hnol';ras3 \- Sullivan \- T'teker \- Vcr.lou \- Wnrdrop \- Wheeler \- Zeil Mr. Longmore \- M'Lollau \- Smith, L. L. \- Vale. The bill was then parsed. int. J. -wood nrsiLur. Mr. M'LELLÄN ino\ed " That thora be laid upon the tabla of the Houso copies of all papers Te!.Hing to the claim of Mr. J. Wood Beilby to hi tha first discoverer of gold in Victoria." The motion was egree 1 to. The remaining busineci was postponed, and the House adjourned at five minutas past 12 o'clock, uutll tho following (tiais) day, at four p in. 