J K M M A R G 4 G J F C M (From the Colonial Papert.) Tho Hunter River Sugar Company intend planting sixty acrcs of land on tho Hunter with sugar-canes. 100.000 canes are to be obtained from the estate- of tho Hon. L. Hope, of Cleveland, near Brisbane.—A movement is on foot in Brisbane to establish a Company to form a railway from that city to Sandgate. The Victorian Government intend to make largo reserves for state forests.—Amongst the passengers by the ship Kent, which sailed from Melbourne last week, was Mr. F. Corbett, the secretary to the Riverine Association, who proceeds to England for the purpose of taking steps to procure the separation ot Rivcrina from New South Wales. A deputation of tlireo members of the Council of tho Association will leavr for England in the course of a few weeks. —Several experiments have been made with Mr. P. Nisser's ncwly- discovered blasting compound at Richmond, Victoria. The experiments showed that with 25 per cent, less than the ordinary English blasting-powder, an equal , explosive effect was produced.—Robert Davenish Garland, an attorney's .clerk, is in custody in Melbourne for obtaining £400 by forged cheques from the Bank of Australasia and the Colonial Bank.—Dr. Laenger, of Searsdale, was deliberately shot in the public street by James Jones, a miner. The Coroner's jury returned a verdict of wilful murder.—A company lies been formed in Melbourne to explore tho coast fisheries, and it will be assisted with a vessel by the Government.—The body of a baker in Launccstoti, Tasmania, has been discovered iu the oven. The body was so charred and disfigured that it could only be identified by the remounts of tho clothes found upon it.—In New England cattle are dying in great numbers for want of feed. Such a scarcity of grass was never known beforo in the neighbourhood. Several carriers passed here during the vi eek without their teams, one man having two teams of bullocks, of twelve iu each team, left at the Traveller's Rest, about 100 miles from Tcnterficld, twelve of which, inoculated by Mr. Trevor Hill, were dead. • Four more were sickening, and the remaining eight, not inoculated, are so very poor that they are almost worthless. Another mnn lost seventeen bullocks out of twenty-four.—A very remarkable-looking bird was killed last week at Allansford, near Wsirnambool. It had the neck of a heron, short thick legs, web-footed like a duck, portions of its coat like a seal, and wings like a seagull, but of great length. We are informed that the Bird is a Plotus—a specics of darter, but is seldom seen on this coast. A very remarkable fish was also netted in the Hopkins. It was about thirty inches long, had a head like a calf, with a spike about two inches long running out from the snout, and terminating in a soft piece of flesh or lip hanging down. The fish in question is known as the Chimera Australia, is a deep-sea fish, but is unfit for food. We nevsr heard of a specimen being caught on this coast before.—The body of a Chinaman has been found at Trcamble Creek, seventeen miles from Tarabaroora. There was a large wound in the abdomen, and he is sup. 4 posed to have been murdered.—The South Australian Government propose voting £-150 towards the relief of tho widow s and orphans of the men drowned in the late boat-accident at Adclaido.—- A very large diamond snake, seven feet in length, was killed near Redbank a few days ago, and when opened a young kangaroo was found ; it was skinned, and the fat extracted weighed about 31bs.—The Bishop of Sydney is to visit Orange at the commencement of next month.— Notwithstanding the dryness of the season the lambing at Mr. Hawthorn's, Billibong, Lachlan, has averaged 85 per cent.—A Chinaman has been sentenced to death at Bathurst Assizes for murder.—A shock of an earthquake was experienced at Armidalc *on Monday last.—-Two Germans have been committed for trial at Brisbane for murdering a pedlar.—The Cooma telegraph station was opened by Mr. Cracknell on Saturday last, and the extensive district of Monaro was brought into clectric communication with the metropolis.—A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. S. A. Donnelly, the member for the Western Gold- Fields, was held at tho Wentworth on Monday last, to consider the advisability of presenting that gentleman with a suitable testimonial previous to liis departure for Sydney for the resumption of his Parliamentary duties.—An ornithological curiosity was Bhot in the Yass River on Mon- day last. It was an equatic bird larger than the mountain duck, with small wings, and beneath tho inferior mandible there depended a leathern kind of substance.—The drought is beginning to tell with serious effects upon both stock and crops in tho Queanbeyan district. Milch cows are dying in great -numbers, and sheep owners are bfraid that, in' order to save the ewes, it will bo necessary to destroy tho Iambs. Great fears are entertained that both the hay and wheat crops will fail.—The Governor of Queensland ana suite are now visiting Port Denison.—An aged woman was outside her house on Saturday last near Botany with her head uncovered. The day was intensely - hot, and she received a sun-stroko, from tw • effects of which she expired on the following day.—A woman named Matthews, living near Penrith, was in the act of removing a pot from the fire, in her yard, a few days ago, when her dress caught fire, and she was. so severely burnt that death put an end to her sufferings.—AD old man, a relative of Mr-Byass, of London, died recently at Warnambool. He was entitled to £11,000, all of which he bequeathed to t publican who had befriended him prior to nil • death.—Twelvemonths from this date the Chinese throughout Victoria are to be called upon ' to contribute to a general fund for conveying tho bodies of 600 of their defunct countrymen to the Flowery Land. It appears that the Chinese are railed upon every two years to contribute to» fund for this purpose.—Tho Victorian Council sent a message to the Assembly, asking • for thoir concurrence in the address to tue : Queen, praying for reference pf difficulties bf- • tween the Houses on the construction oHk«' Constitution Act to the Privy Council. Assembly declined the proposal, but were willing to appoint a committee to confer with tlie committee of the Council on the subject.—Tho late Clerk of Petty Sessions at Bathurst hai pleaded guilty to several charges of embezzlement, but has not yet been sentenced.—Scowiing hot winds have prevailed at Aralucn. vulley has been surrounded by bush-fires, » n <J the heat has been hardly benrablc. Horses and cattle are dying in the district in great numbers. —The aspect of all things in Wogonga. » gloomy in the extreme. Continued decimation, of cattle by disease, want of grass and water, and the long drought, conspire, with severe.- nightly froRts, to destroy the local means of SUBtenancc, and hence the misery to man and beast* Sevoral of the local " selectors" arc loaving the land in despair.—Mr. Bayjiss, I'ohco Magistrate at Wagga Wagga, has been compelled to retire temporarily from duty, owing w theierere and annoying wound inflicted upon liirn by the bushranger Morgan. A testimomal is being raised for him throughout the Wagga Wagga district. At a meeting held ^at Urana several gentlemen present subscribed £250 towards it; and it, therefore, promises to bo a Tery substantial proof of sympathetic admiration for this active magistrate.—Mr. Cunneen, the Postmaster-General, was re-elected on Monday last at Windsor as member of the Hawkesbuiy. He was unopposed. THE ALBURY POLICE MAGISTBATK.—"We are informed that certain parties in Albury have beea "touting" for signatures to a memorial, praviug the removal of' Captain Brownrigg. the Police 'Magistrate. The utmost secresy has been observed, and only those people have been invited -to sign who, •by some adverse decision of the local bench, or from some, other cause, consider they luive a grievance against the P. M. Rumour states still further that it was impossible to get a sufficient number of signatures, and that the project lias been abandoned. Be that as it may, the Albury public dotf't believe in "hole and- corner" proceedings, and there is some talk of a countrr-dcmonstration which is to assume the shape of a public testimonial to Cuptaiu Brownrigg, in which the entire public will be invited to take part. Such a testimonial would form the best answer Captain Brownrigg/ couM give to.the attacks of the splenetic individuals who so earnestly desire his removal. - A movement .of this kind should at least be a : public'one, instead of being pri- vately got-up '-from motives of pique.— THE ESCAPED PKISONBB CLABKB.—It will, be no surprise to our readers when we inform them that Clarke, the prisoner who escaped from Braidwood Gaol, on Monday last, is still at large. The police iu all directions are after him. One of the constables, Byrne, who started in pursuit of him in the first instance immediately he broke out of the gaol, has not yet returned. The only traces that appear to have been obtained of him have not been beyond some six or eight miles out of town, but the accounts as to whether or not he was accompanied by any other parties differ. It appears evident, however, that he has made for the mountain defiles between this and Monaro, every inch of which he is familiar with, and where it is generally considered he will be out of rcach of all the ]>olice the colony _ could muster, from the fact that every exertion to capture him when he was at large some time .since ~was fruitless, and that he was only confined within the prison walls by his own voluntary act of surrender. A reason has been given for Clarke having surrendered himself, in the fact that'tlie loug course of winter exposure to which he had been subjected while unlawfully at large, had been very prejudicial to his health, and was'bringing on a pulmonary complaint which rendered it' urgently necessary that he should undergo a course of medical treatment. AVe understand that the whole of the peculiar •circumstances of his escape will foriu the subject of an inquiry by the central authorities, and no doubt ihe public will join with us in the curiosity we feci: as to the result.— RESIGNATION OF THE MINISTER FOB LANDS. —Mr. itobertson has resigned his seat in parliament .and office of secretary for lands. The reason is the non- fulfilment of engagements by one of his partners, which necessitates Mr. Robertson's- retirement, in order that he may give entire and prompt attention to business matters.— FOBBES MINING EN POET.—During the past week' there hare bwii several washings from the claims on G russet's Lead, and the yield of gold was quite as much as the shareholders •anticipated. .. K<Js. 7-and-8 the dirt turned out sufficient to maintain the character of the claim for richness, Out of two hundred and fifty loads, two hundred and twenty ounces of -gold was- obtained. From 5 and 6 North, fifty-six loads gave 42 ounces, or about three quarters of an ounce to the load. Since then ninety loads have been washed from No. 2 north of the same lead, but at the time of going to press, the result was not known. No. 5 and t> will be christened to-day, and a general invitatiod has been given, 'flic Forbes correspondent'. 6f the S. M. Tie,-aid Rceiiis to take a comical'view of the siibji-ct of christening claims upon the Lachlan. There are certain interesting occasions in public and domestic life that •deserve to- be commemorated, and we see nothing improper in this. Gold has been struck on the Union withiu a short distance of Jurkpatriek's old claim, the prospect obtained was nearly, three quarters of an ounce to the tub. About ten claims have been taken up, ivid great hopes are entertained that the ground in this locality is yet payable.— EUBONGIIXY.—The principal item of news is the stoppage of the crushing machine through want of water—a supply not being even obtainable for money. This is a serious drawback to this unfortunate rush, as many of the claimholders are anxious to have a crushing, for several reasons—one being " to replenish the exchequer," which, with many, must be nt rather a low ebb just now. The only hope now is, that one of those sudden thunderstorms peculiar to this season may occur, and partially ill. some of the dams. The alluvial miners are worse off even than the reefers, as they, requiring more water .to extract the gold, have not the same facilities for " hanging on" until water does come. There is a very large amount of •dirt to be washed; and there is but a very small chance of this operation being performed until next winter. Several more holes have been bottomed on gold in Duffer Gully, which wears a Tery busy appearance.— 'Oundagai ? YASS PLAINS ELECTORATE.—We learn from Sydney, under date the 9th instant, that it is improbable the writ for the election of a member for Yass • Plains in the place of Mr. Justice Faucett will be issued until after the opening of the session. We have reason to believe that Mr. Faucett accepted his new appointment without having resigned his seat, and is not'in a position to do so now. The Constitution Act directs the writ to issue, and does not specify who ehall do it; the Electoral Act only provides for the issue of a fresh writ when the seat is vacant by death or resignation. The probability, therefore, is that no writ will be issued until after tlie seat has been declared vacant -by .resolution of the House. It is not expected that the Speaker will take any responsibility on himself, there being no precedent to guide him. We understand Mr. Laidlaw' <ras ;asked by our late representative to become lis' successor, but promptly telegraphed that he declined to become a candidate. In the absence of any more desirable candidate, Mr. Laidlaw's name was naturally spoken of, but those who know him are well aware that he has a strong disinclination to actively mix up in politics. His retiring habits forbid any supposition that he would again enter the arena of parliamentary conflict. . Mr. Harbottle's name has also been mentioned, and we understand ' that that gentleman is willing to place his sorviccs at the disposal of the constituency. r * , Dalle y has also been named as a desirable candidate. ^ Thore are few who would question Mr: Dallcy's abilities ; as a speaker he has the fluency of language which too often withdraws reason from judgment; as a lawyer he has shone in many of our courtp without scarcely a parallel; but as a politician there is nothing admirablo- to bosaiJ of- hi}n. Mr. George Bowen Simpson, the -barrister,, is said- to feel disposed to.place his services at the disposal of the electors.—Ya*-s Courier. [A meeting of the electors was to have been held on Thursday last at the Court-House, Yass, for the purpose of deliberating up the choice of a representative to fill the vacancy.] RESTORATION OF THE HUMAN HAIR.—We are informed that His Excellency Sir John Young, anxious to learn from Mr. Yule the truth of the statement that black oxide of copper has been instrumental in restoring his hairi wrote desiring him to come to Sydney. Yule has left Orange in compliance with His Excellency's wishes. As might be supposed, Yule is quite a " lion" in Sydney, and is making a handsome thing of it by exhibiting his raven locks to all admiring inquirers and explaining the modut. operandi. We have heard that a considerable sum was offered him by an cnter- )ri$ing speculator at the Wentworth,. to allow }liin to enter into the " Co." To be bald for half a life time and suddenly to find one's self in possession of raven-black locks is almost as good as " romancc;" but to be able to exhibit one's locks and win, not only golden opinions, but golden crowns, beats romance to pieces and out-Barauais even the celebrated Variium himself. Mr. T. G. Lane, the manager of the Carangara, where the black oxide has been procured, is in for a sprinkling of tho "golden shower." . Black oxide of copper is quoted in the Orange market at £5 a lb., and is, wc believe, "in demand." Mr. Josiah Parker, too. intends to have a finger in the pie. Black oxide of copper is to issue from the Orange Dispensary in the shape of pomade ! By this way, we have not heard the name of the unctuous material—but if the son of Esculapitis would not object to a friendly hint, we would suggest that it be called " Carangara Pomade !" What a capital chance it wouid be for our friend of Boree Nyrang, " the aforesaid James,'' to burst out into one of his playful effusions in honour of the discoverer! Fact is stranger than fiction. Mr. Lane receives applications from various localities in connection with this remarkable discovery.— SWEABING-IN OF MB. JUSTICE FAUCETT.— On Friday week last at a little before three p.m. tho Chief-Justice and Mr. Faucett tame upon the Bench. The Commission appointing Peter Faucett, Esq., to be a Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court, of New South Wales, was. produced by the Chief Justice, and handed in the oilicer of the Court for registration. Mr. Justice Faucett then took the oaths of office. Mr. Martin, Q.C.. congratulated the new Judgp upon his accession to the Bench, and bore testimony to the high esteem iu which his Honour had been hold bv his profession--)! brethren at tho Bar. Mr. Faucett returned his acknowledgments to Mr. Martin and the Bar for their kind congratulations. All who were in Court remained standing from the time t'neir Honours entered until after Mr. Faucett hud received the congratulations of the Bar.— Border Pout. >•• i- Braidwood Dispatch. - Guulburn -Herald. Lachlan Repor- ter. • « ? Herald. IV. Examiner. S, M. Herald. 