SATURDAY, MARCO. 25, 1865. " Wo aro to relinquish the controlling check of the Upper House ¡ wo aro to constitute one ovir-ruling, privileged, democratic body, and to trust it with an authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret end unseen. No, never will such a tyranny be Lorne 1"- Sir R. reel's Siiecch at the Glasgow Banquet, January 13, 1837. Wo did not intend again directly to refer to the Urquhart case, in which this journal has recently been con- cerned, but tho discussion in the As- sembly on Thursday evening not only re-opens it, but imposes upon us the obligation at least to advert to tho attitude assumed by Mr. Higinbotiiam, and to the remarks in which he thought proper to indulge in reference to the leal ned judge who presided at the trial. The conviction almost universally enter- tained is, that the powers entrusted to the Attorney-General are too great to be entrusted to any person whatever. Tho office has not always been, nor have we a guarantee that it will always be, filled with men of that incorruptibility, stain- less virtue, and singular discretion, which arc supposed to distinguisli the pre- sent occupant of the office. And even could wo receive such a guarantee, wo would decline to accept it as a, substitute for the greater securities accustomed to be taken by the state in order to insure the impartial adminis- tration of justice, which render the boast of personal honour and integrity, if not an impertinence, at least an act of supererogation. It must be felt by every one accustomed to the exercise of his judgment in the ,matter, to be an exceedingly inconvenient thing to have to rely upon the simple assurance of any man, however excellent, of his entire im- partiality. Wo have such" an assuiauce iii the present case, but we have no more, unless we allow Mr. Michie's certificate to his colleague to be taken as an additional voucher ! Even with this in addition, the uncomfortable suspicion will arise, that perhaps Mr. Higinbotiiam per- mitted tho social position of tho individual, and. his antecedents and connexions, to weigh with him in deter- mining whether the fines inflicted by the Cowanna Bench should bo enforced or not ! Would a mau altogether un- known have received a like favourable consideration ? Should, however, this question bo decided in Mr. Higin botham's favour, there remains the ugly fact, that he interfered with the due execution of the law. No amount of special pleading can explain this away no assurance of the viens sibi conscia reed can be accepted in extenuation of such a fault;-no amount of cheering from a subservient majority-no num- ber of votes from political partiziius, can exonerate from the blame attaching to such an act. ~J The reflections cast by Mr. Higin- < botham upon Mr. Justice Williams deserve all tho epithets which he himself employed in regard to the Judge's obser- vations, and others in addition. " In " decent" in a high degree were such re- marks emanating ,-from an Attorney General, whoso duty it is to uphold the law and those who dispense it. The petti8bness, unjustifiable resentment, and cowardliness, involved in these ani- madversions, aro conspicuous. No man with a particle of magnanimity would have permitted himself to de- fame a judge, who, by his position, is utterly unable to reply. The re- proach cast upon Mr. Justice Williams Las been entirely undeserved. What- ever infirmities he may at any time have exhibited, he has nover interfered in political matters. So far as wo aro aware, tliia is the first instance in which auch a bias has been imputed to him. And the occasion taken by Mr. Higin jioTHAM to include all the judges in the Hame indictment, is tho most gra- tuitous, wanton, and scandalous attack which has ever been mudo upon the Ju- dicial Bpncn. As an attack, too, upon the Bench proceeding from an Attorney General, it is altogether unprecedented. Notwithstanding all Mr. IIiginbotiiam's professions of legal impartiality and dis- passionateness, there is not an impartial person in the colony who will not con- nect this attack with Mr. IIiginbotiiam's notorious endeavour to degrade dud in- sult the judges, in respect to which ho has earned for himself tho indignation of tho community. That Mr. Michie should have followed suit in so vilo an attempt is what might have been antici- pated. That he should attempt to curb his licentious tongue when so fair an oppor- tunity was opened up to him, would never be expected by those who have watched his career. They have learned to expect a periodical emission of spleen as the only means by which, in such a case as his, nature can relieve itself. Wo know as well as Mr. Michie tho stuff of which judges are made. We know that they are mon of infirmity, like others, and that they are not always of necessity better lawyers than those whom they leave at the bar ; but this we also know, that the judges in England Lave, ever since the Revolution, taken and maintained a high position for learning, incorruptibility, and a patient attention to the merits of the cases upon which they aro called to adjudicate. It would be difficult, during this long period, to point out a notorious instance of political profligacy and subserviency. Judge Jeffewes closed tho execrable list. And the high character sustained by the English Bench our judges have endeavoured to emulate. Such, more- over, do we take to be tho influence of example, high fellowship, and the esprit du corps, so strong in every rank, aud especially in the judicial bench, that we should not despair of seeing Mr. Michie and Mr. Higinbotham improving in justice, in urbanity, and "in other social virtues, were they elevated to so high a position. At present, however, they appear to us to afford very unfavourable specimens of the stuff of which judges are made, and are exceedingly bad judges of what a judge ought to be. The charge advanced by Mr. Higin- botiiam against Mr. Justice Williams, of uttering extra-judicial observations, is most unjustifiable. The plea of the de^ fendants, that undue political influence had been used to screen the plaintiff Urquhart, really ran through the whole defence which they set tip, and could not be dissevered from it. It was per- fectly within the judge's province, and even a part of his duty, to remark upon the interference which had been exercised with the due course of law, and for remarking upon which, as well as upon the plaintiff's previous conduct, the defendants were subjected to an action for, libel. The subject lay before the judge, was woven into the issues of the trial, and could not, in a comprehen- sive view of the case, escape his notice. The public will agree with us that the independence of tho judicial bench, and the maintenance of respect for it, and its preservation from slander and insult, however high the offender may be in office, are matters of high im- portance. They will also agree that, while the conduct of a judge might possibly call for animadversion, hitherto we have had reason to be satis- fied with the official conduct of the pre- sent occupants of the office, and we are satisfied that they will resent as a wrong offered to themselves tho aspersions cast upon ono of the judges by Mr. Higin botham-aspersions which were affirmed and amplified by his colleague Mr. Michie, who displayed an unapproach- able aptitude in invective and in sheer wantonness of insult. On tho other hand, we cannot rest content with an arrangement under which a politico-legal officer-of what- ever eitiinence in his profession, and I however unimpeachablo iii moral cha- racter-is permitted to exercise the functions of a grand jury, of a court of review upon magisterial de- cisions, of public prosecutor, of a sheriff in the case of debts duo to the Crown, and, according to the pretensions of the prosent Attorney-General, of a superintendent of tho judges a3 well as of an adviser of the E vecutive and of the Governor. Tho combination of such various functions in one person is too much although he possessed the learning of a Coke and the incorruptibility of a Hale j and-will Mr. Higinbotham forgive us?-too much when vested even in himself ! "Wo have painful im- pressions, despito his impassioned self defence, derived from his conduct in the Urquhart case, from his ad vico to the Treasurer in regard to the Immigration Fund, and from his attempt to discredit the judges in the discharge of their high functions. Nor is our uneasiues3 les- sened by the interference of his col- league, tho Minister of Justice, in the Essendon case. To this, however, wo shall refer no further until it" be quite concluded. In tho absence of a quorum, there waa no Bitting of tho Legislativa Assembly yester- day. The Head-quarterB Band will perform this Afternoon, from four to lis o'clock, at the ïitzroy-gardens:-Grand Exhibition March, ^plier; quadrille, military, Kühner; Bolée- te Çroîn "William Tell," Rossini; overture to Goethe's "Faust," Siede ; waltz, " Dream of tho Ocean," Qung'l ; selection, Kreutzer; gp.!op, " The Hunter's Pleasure," Riede [? Siede] At the weekly meeting of the Committee of Management of the Benevolent Asylum, yes- terday, the superintendent reported the state of the houso to be as follows :-Men, 277 ; Women, 92 ; total, 309. There were 10 appllca tions for admission ; of these, 3 were ad- mitted, and 1 refused (not being fit cast)), and C refused for want of room. The committee beg to acknowledge a donation of baoks from His Excellency Sir Claries Darling, and of gropes from Lady Darling. Also a donation of eli thing from Mr. Sturr. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges the receipt of £20 from the United Trades' Half holiday Association, Prahran and St. Kilda, making the hon. treasurer to the association, Mr. Thomas Donaldson, a life governor of the above Institution ; also, 12s. 10s. from the Locomo- tive Engine-drivers' and Firemen's Society, per Messrs. Muttinson and Cole. We havo been asked by the trustoes to an- nounce the receipt of the following donations to tho building fund of St. Philip's, to enable them to open ¡ton the Thursday after Easter day :-Mr. A J. Agg, £1 U. ; Mr. R. Cintih, £2 ; Mr. Geo. Ford, £2 ; Mr. C. Dawkins, £1 ; Mr. W. Brealoy, £2 10s. ; Mr. Joseph Baker, £1 ; Mr. J. W. Considine, £1; Mr. B. Rodda, £1 Is.; Mr. Coomer, £1; Mrs. 0. Cook, £1 1?.; Mr. Dixon, £1 Is. ; H. N., £5 ; Mr. J. Cole, £4 10s.; Mr. and Mrs. Crisp, £1 ; Mr. Newell, £1; Mr. Macredie, £1 Is.; Mr. Cobb, £1 Is.; Mr. Geo, Young, £210s.; Mr. R. D.trling, £l~, Mr. E. Turner, £2 10s. ; and several Bums under £1, amounting to about £17 13s. 6d., received since tho 8th inst. The last parado for March of tho St. Kilda Corps takes place on Monday morning. After it, the members will be asked to nominate two of their numbtr for acting corporals. At the weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Fiiday, the superintendent made tho following return ¡-Number of inmates .'in tho homo, as reported last week, 177 ; admitted since, 8G ; persons who have received out- door relief, 301, or 81 families. Total re- lieved, 603. Discharged from the home during the week, 81. Total at present remaining, 181. Number Btonebreaking, 6 ; oakum-picking and hair-teazing, 8. The fol- lowing subscriptions have been received dining tho week;-Per Mr. Goff, colloctor, viz. - Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co,, £1; Mr. P. H. Tnylor, £1 Is. ; .Messrs. Pyne, Bt atb, and Co., £1 ; Mr. Andrew Bogle, £1 ; Messrs. Sloane and Co, £1 ; Mr. E, Cour- tenay, £1 ; Mr. A. Jack, £1 ; Mr^Snelling, 5s. ; and a Well-wisher, per The Argus omeo, 10s. A quantity of cast-off clothing has also beon received from tho Rev. Mr. Jarrett. In the Equity Court yesterday, Mr. Justice Molesworth discharged the rule nisi for the séquestration of the estato of John Morgan, of Benalla, contractor. A similar application was made and refused in re Thomas Robin- son, a commission agent. The reason urged was amusing. Judgment had been obtained against him for £231 Is. in a beer transaction, and he now, with the view to avoid the seques- tration, offered to prove at a new trial that the beer required doctoring to suit the mar- ket; but the market being without the doctoring stuff, whatever that might be, the unsophisticated fluid remained on his hands. In the Insolvent Court yesterday, there was an examination in the insolvent estate of Fife and Wright, late contractors on the Geelong Railway. The object of the opposi- tion seems to be to establish a partnership with a third person, who had made advances to the insolvents on apparently very easy terms. Yesterday was the fourth day of the Easter Term sittings in banco of the Supreme Court, and the last day on which new trial applica- tions could be made in the causos tried at the last nisi prias sittings. In the action of Urqu- hart v. Wilson and Others, a motion was mide foramle 711'«', calling on the defendants to show cause why judgment should not be entered for the plaintiff on two of the pleas of justifi- cation (the 3id and Gth), notwithstanding tho verdict for the defendants on thojo plow, or why there should not bo a now trial. Tho first branch of the iule was claimed on the ground that the pleas did not justify tho wholo of the libel which each purported to justify-they left unjustified the wilfulnesB of the wrong imputed to tho plaintiff by tr>o libels. The second branch of the rule assumed that the pleas fully justified the wholo of tho libel, iucludingtho wilfulness of the wrong imputed to the plaintiff, but claimed a now trial on the ground that tho finding of tho jury, that the plaintiff was guilty of wilfully Eculbing tho country, waa against the evi- dente. The Couit refused the seond brauch of tho application, but granted the first branch-a nile nisi to enter judgment for the plaintiff on tho third and sixth pleaB non obttantc veredicto. In the action of Shoo smith and another v. Phillips, a rule nisi for a new tiial was refusod to the plaintiffs, partly because tho verdict for them could not on a new triul amount to moro than £18, it being the rnlo of the Court, as in England, not to grant a new trial where the vetdict has been less, or must on a new trial be les?, than £20. In the action of M'Intyre ti. Webb, a rule nisi to enter a nonsuit was refused to tho defendant. In the action of M'£wan v. Mills, a rule ni« for u now trial was refused ; but a similar rule to enter a non- suit was granted. In the action of Thompson v. Beauchamp and Others, a rule nisi was granted on a point reserved at the trial, to onter tho verdict for the plaintiff. Three cases from Petty Sessions were disposed of. Perkins, ap- pellant, v. Byrne, respondent, was postponed until the 28th In Byrne, appellant, v Borough of tandridge, tho appeal was dismissed In Johnson, appellant v Ralph respondent the appeal was allowed, but without costs In the summoBB case of Wrixon v Deehan, tho Court held that a judge of the County Court had been in error in refusing to hear nn application to set aside judgment in his court after insolvency of tho defendant In tho habeas coi pus caie of tho Queen v Callaghan, counsel for tho ptisoner exposed a cave in which a " consolidation statute " has made by Emprise an important alteration in the law of imprisonment-adding hard labour wheie it web not givon before A reward of £50 is offered for the appre- hension and coviction of the person who set fire, on the morning of the 8th inst, to a stack of straw, on the farm of Shipley, near Warrnambool. Tickets of lca\e have been granted during tho week to James Duncan, alias John Wil- liams, alias Pul cell, who was convicted, in 1862, of complicity in tho robbery of gold from tho ship Nelson, and sentenced to fifteon years' impiiBonment and to John May, who waa convicted at Melbourne, in 1851, and received cumulative sentences amounting to twenty years' imprisonment, for receiving stolen gooda Duncan is to report himself at Melbourne, and May (who otrived in 1837, bond), at Kyneton Six prisoners, who had completed short terms of imprisonment for minor offences, were released during the week. A meeting was held last night, at Mao's I Ilotel, Smith-street, Collingwood, to discus the propriety of forming a local committee in connexion with tho Free-trade and Finan- cial Ktfoitn LfcBgue. The Hon. Geo. Harker occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance. Messrs. Robert Callaghan, Thoa. Walker, and Wm. Kidney, attended as dele- gates fiom the Melbourno League. The rules adopted by this body having been read, Mr. Groom moved that, in tho opinion of the meeting, it was desirable to form a branch committee in Collingwood of tho Free trade League of Victoria. The resolu- tion WBB seconded by Mr. S. Cohen, and carried tiem. con. ; and it was then re Eolved, on the motion of Mr. A. Grant, seconded by Mr. Porter, that the rules of the Victorian League should be the rules of the Collingwood Association. Mr. Robt. Cal- laghan, in speaking in support of the resolu- tion, remarked that even if the Upper House 4 rejected tho Appropriation Bill, tho question of protection would not be settled. He was confident that thero would be several yean' agitation in the country in reference to the subject, and it was necessary that associations of the kind should bo formed, in order to educato the public mind, and advance the principles of freo trade. Ho referred to the fact that at the last general elec- tion in New South Wales, only two members of tho protectionist Ministry had been re- turned, and expressed his conviction that in a few years no candidates who professed pro- tectionist views would be accepted by the electors. Most of lho persons prcBont then enrolled their names as members of the com- mittee, and several liberal contributions were made to the funds, Mr. Harker promising £20 per annum. Several other smaller sumB were promised, the subscriptions amounting altogether to about £50. Mr. Walker pro- posed that tho chairman of. the meeting be appointed president ; but Mr. Harker de- clined, on the ground, that, as a representative of the district, he could not accept such a post with propriety. Mr. J. W. Randall was then elected president ¡MeEsrs. Thomas Kidney and Tbimas Walker being afterwards appointed vice-presidents. It was next re-Folved, on the motion of Mr. S. Cohen, that the com- mittee should consist of eighteen members, with power to increase the number to twenty seven ; and the following names were then handed in and ncciptcd :-Messrs. Cohen, W. Kidney, Grant, Scotcbmere, Groom, Rushall, Delbridgc, M'Lean, Meyers, Callaghan, Cramp, Puckey, Brennan, Kidson, Porter, Clarke, Falconer, Wood, Brown hill, and Moody. Mr. J. Kelson was appointed to the office of Becre taty, and Mr. J. Rushall to that of treasurer. It was resolved that the first meeting of the committee should be held on Tuesday even- ing, but it wtiB not considered advisable to make any arrangements as to a public meet- ing until the secretary of the parent league had been communicated with. Beforo the meeting siparate-d, Mr. Callaghan intimated that the league bad not fixed tho amount of subscription which »Vould entitle persons to the privilege of membership; and a subscrip- tion of a shilling would bo received from a workman with as much pleasure as a larger donation from a more wealthy person. The thanks of tho meeting having been given to tho delegates from tho central league for their attendance, and tothochaliman for presiding, tbo proceedings terminated. The QazcUe of yesterday announces that tho act consolidating tho laws relating to banks and tho currency (osBentod to on the 20th April, 1804) has been left to its operation. It also announces that William Mackie Turnbull, E:q., M.D, -and James Bridgoham Motherwell, Esq.,' M.D., havo been appointed additional members of the Medical Board of Victoria. Wo havo received from Mr. J. G. Knight a catalogue of Victorian contributions to the Dublin Exhibition, part of which were for- warded by the Great Britain, and the re- mainder of which will be sent by the Royal Standard. In tho Distiict Court yesterday, a butcher named LTonry Tay was fined £5, and 12j. 6d, coBts, for sliughterlng on his promises. Gerald Eager, landlord of the Ship Inn, Russell-street, was complained agalnät by Detective Black for permitting card playing nt an unlawful gamo in his licensed house on Sunday. He was convicted, and sentenced to pay a fine of 20s., with 12s. Gd. co3ts; in default, seven days' imprisonment. Several shopkeepers were also summoned by the in- spector of weights and measures for having unstamped and light weights in thoir posses- sion. For having light weights, James Dunn was fined £5, and 12*. Od. costs. On similar complaints, William Prior, William Mason, John Mangan, and Benjamin M'Mahon wore fined 40s. each, with 12s. Gd. costs. For having unstamped weights or measures, Michael Henley and George Dalamoro wore fined Cs. each, with costs. Tho mon who waa found drowned in the river on Thursday morning, near tho Victoria ferry, has been identified as James O'Nuil, aged twenty-six years, fireman to the ship Eoyal Standard, now at tho Railway Pier, Sandridge. The deceased left the ship on leave on Wednesday, and was seen by one of his shipmates that night, at eleven o'clock, lying drunk on one of the seats at the Hob3on's Bay Railway Station. When asked to go down to his vessel ho refused, and was left at the station. About threo miorters of an hour after thot, a splash of a mon struggling in the water wa3 heard by the ferryman of tho Victoria-ferry, and the body of deceased was found at this placo by tho police an hour and a half afterwards. An inquest was held at tho morgue yesterday upon the body, by tho city coroner, when the jury found that deceased waB accidentally drowned whilst in a statu of intoxication. An inquest was hold yesterday afternoon, at the hospital, by Dr. Youl, upon the body of Patrick Flattery, who mot with an acci- dent by being thrown from a vehicle which waa boing driven into Melbourne from Pent- ridge, by the Rev. Mr. O'Hea, on the 1st inst. When passing the cemetery, a collision took place between the vehicle in which de- ceased waa riding and a spring cart driven by a boy. Deceased was thrown out, and the wheel possod over his leg, which waa frac- tured. He waa taken to the hospital, where his leg had to be amputated on the 16th. Ho gradually Bank, and died on tho 23rd inst. Tho jury found that he "died from injuries accidentally received." Tho proceedings at the City Court yesterday were considerably proti acted in cou6equcnco of tho numbor and character of the cases brought forward. Ssvtrnl men wero charged, under the Vagrant Act, with gambling prac- tices, and with being associates of thlevos aud gamblers. Threo of them wero convicted and sentenced to various terms of imprison- ment; the two wero discharged. A man, named John Morris, charged with feloniously receiving stolin goode, was committed for trial. The nrtilloryman, Thomas Vino, was brought up on the charge of shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm, at Toorak, on the 15th inst., and evidence having been taken to show that the prisoner had fired with bpll cartridge at Mr. E. B. Wight and a lad named Edward Brown, and had also threatened to shoot soveral others, ho was committed for trial. The statement of the staff aurgeon showed that prisoner was very drunk at the time of tho occurrence. The right of an agent to recover his com- mission on property entiusted to him for sale, but wl.ich may have been disposed of subse- quently by Bome other party, was practically tested at the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, whero Mr. Jenkin Coles suod Miss M. E. O'G orman for £18 11s. for work and labour dene. Coles, who had boen acting as agent for Miss O'Gorman's property, was specially authorised to effect the sale of her bouso, and received written instructions from her for that purpose. The plaintiff Boon found an apparently Intending purchaser in one Gunning, and negotiations wero en- tered into ; but, from Bome cause or other, the transaction was not completed. Shortly after this, plaintiff found that the house liad been sold by Hayes, a nephew of Miss! O'Gorman's, to Gunning, the same por son with whom he had been in treaty. Not feeling disposed to view this arrangement with the utmost complacency, the plaintiff brought his action. Tho Bench decided that the defendant, having given plaintiff special instructions in wiiting to sell the house, and not having revoked theBe instructions or intimated to him that she had appointed anothor agent, he was entitled to a verdict, especially as ho had first introduced the pur- chaser to defendant; they would, therefore, mako an order for £17 10s., with 10s. Gd. costs. At .tho -samo court, several house- holders, for Infringing tho borough bye-laws, by neglecting to check tho peripatetic pro- pensities of their goats and cows, were fined in email amounts, varying from Is. to 5s. The Hon. Alexantler Fraser, M.L.O., and Mr. Myles Patterson, J.P., were the magis- trates on the bt-nch. A drunkard was taken in charge a few nights ago by the Ballarat police, and when searched In the lock-up, a sum of £32 14s. was found in an old cotton handkerchief, tied round his li g under his trousers. A firBt dividend of 2s, C1, in tho pound, ab- sorbing a sum of £267 10s., has been paid by the Chewton committee to the sufferers in that district by the late bush-fires. This payment has been made unconditionally, but the second will be voted only to those settlers who have given pi oof by commencing to rebuild their homes that they intend to again cultivato their farms. The Ovens Constitution reports that building operations at Beechworth are progressing fest. Substantial stores are being erected in every street, and " there ore numerous indi- cations that the condition of the town was never more prosperous or mire healthy." There oro no houses.land only ono store, unlot, and the rents " are now fifty per cent, higher than they were two years ago-so high, indeed, as to be almost exorbitant." A contradiction is,given by the Kilmore Free Press to a report that a man, named " Black Jack," had died from the effects of a How on the head, received on Kilmore Race- course during the race meeting on tho pre- ceding Saturday. ' ' The police office at Belfast was visited on this day week (officially) by thieves, who stole a sum of £2G from the safe. The Border Watch soys :-" We learn that a number of half-bred wild dogs are commit- ting great havoc among the flocks on several of the border stations. On Wednesday two were seen on the Mingbool Run, and on Thursday morning twenty sheep woro fouud killed in one of the paddocks, besides many more which were torn. We believe they havo done considerable mischiof on the Kilbrldo Station, where two of them were killed. Mr. Flower, of Argyle, also a sufferer, has killed one or two. It Is proposed to take energetic measures at once, and to root them out of tho dittrict. Tlieso half-breds oro found to be far moro destructive and dan- gerous than tlie pure-bred diDgo." "A very painful accident," says tho Bal- larat Star, "occurred to a lad, some fifteon years of age, residing in tho neighbourhood of Little Bendigo, on Wodnesday last. Tho lad, whose nama is M'Farlane, was, it appears, on tho" top of a load of hay, and was using all his exertions to complete his work, as his sister was to be married on the next day, and he was anxious to get home. Owing to his excitement or hurry, he slipped from the top of the loud, struck his head with great force, and received a severe concussion of the brain. Dr. Nicholson was sent for, and found that the lad was in a precarious state, but on Thursday there wero favourable symptoms, and it is hoped that ho will recover." Tho adventures of a Queen's' counsel among the mountains are recorded as follows by the Wood's Point Times .?-" Tho lion. Richard Davies Ireland, Q.C., and Mr. Dennis .Lloyd Colgon, arrived yesterday at Power's Hotel, after encountering theporils and hard- ships of the journey from Molbourne in a pair horso American buggy, undor tho guid- ance of Mr. James Ireland, aan'of the learnod Queen's counsel. .The party ¿net with no few difficulties on tho way ; the i?» erín »hnrlng ¡n the discomforts of 'a bu3h drive over morass and moymtaln, with tho many incidents not dreamt of in tho phi- losophy of townspeople. The party were passed by Judge Cope, who left town Bome thirty- six hours after, near the Black Spur, and as considerable donbts wero enter- tained whether the buggy would be obi» to make the entire distance, a relay of horses, experienced in bush travelling, was Bent to its assistance. Mr. Ireland and Mr. Caigan arrived in town about eleven o'clock yester- day morning, and the buggy at a lator period of the day, not without ono npsot, just betoro ontering Wood's Point. Mrs. Colgan was in tho conveyance at the timo and was thrown out, but, fortunatoly, did not sustain any moro coriolis injnry than a final ehaking at the termination of a journey which few ladios would feel inclined to face." " Tho inhabitants of Wood'B Point," says the Times, " were put to no littlo inconvenl cuco on Saturday by tho non-arrival of the mail, by tho Yarra track, from Mclbourno. All manner of rumours prevailed as to the cause. It was known that snow was lyiug thick on the Tanges, and It wa3 feared that somo calamity had befallen the mail-man. On Sunday morning, however, tho missing bags made their appearance, after a series of disasters. In the first place, the coach was upset on tho other side of Healesville, oauslng a delay of four hour6. Tho mails, which weighed four cwt., were brought on In a dray to that township, and thon packed on horses, in the usual way. Soon after passing the Steavenson, the load worked round on the pack-horse, and another delay oecurrod. Some further detention took place at the Springs, from a similar cause ; and the mailman did not make his appearance until threo p.m. on Sunday-nearly twenty hours after being due. Tho postmaster, act- ing under express directions, could not deliver this mail on Sunday, and tho public wore con- sequently left two ontire days without their correspondence. This was moro annoying as the County Court was appointed to bo held on Tuesday, and instructions from Melbmrno houses could not be obtained out of tho part office. A great amount of uncertainty also existed as to whether any judge was on his way to open the Court, If so, which judge. Judge Copo waa looked for from Beechworth, and Judge Brewer from Sale. No official in- timation had been roceived, and many doubts were expressed as to whether any Court would bo held. Tho postmaster, Mr. Mon tefiore, us usual, did his bist to moet tho oc- casion. The poBt-office was opened after midnight on Sunday, and tho first hour of Monday was devoted to the public service by this thoroughly efficient officer." The Wood's Point Times makes a complaint of the dilatorlness of the Government in paying' the rewards accorded to the dis- coverers of new gold-fields. Our highland contemporary says : -" Whon we look at the vast loads of gold being carried away from these mountain diggings by overy oscort, it will be wondered at if wo point out that two Bums * of £200 each, voted now oighteen or twenty months ago to tho discoverors, cannot yet bo obtained by them. Mr. T. Gaffney, the discoverer of Gaffney'a Creek, will most likely grow grey before ho gets his £200; and of the party who discovered the Jordan - Quinn, Jones, Sandford, and Lyttle-tho two last, poor fellows, have gone to seek their rewards in another world, and when the first will get their share it may be in the power of Victorian Minis- terial clairvoyance to predict. For our part, we see no reason why the few pounds should not be at once paid to tho30 men, and we do not hesitate to say that were our representa- tive members to bring the matter before the Assembly, even without notice, explaining the circumstances, the allotted reward would be voted. In proportion to tho vast results following those discoveries these rewards aeem ridiculous, and might not bo inaptly brought under the notice of tho House for reconsideration." By the Northam, we havo our files from Sydney to tho 22nd instant. Wc observe that a bill to aakè a permaneut provision of £16,000 annually for the Royal Mint is now before the Porliament o( New South Wales. By the steamship Albion, which arrived in Hobson's Bay last night with the Nuw Zea- land mails, wo havo Otago dates to the 18th instant, and later files and news from other New Zealand ports. Tho rush to the now diggings at Okitiki continues. Tho latest intelligence from that gold-field is given as follows in the h'elson Colonist of the 11th inst. :-" Tho Wallaby arrivod from the Okitiki on Wednesday night, with 1,900 ounceB of gold for the Bank of Now South Wales, and fourteen passengers, diggers, who had about 100 ounces amongst them. ,There were 1,200 ounces waiting to bo shipped on board the Nelson. The news continues favourable when we look to tho quantity of gold, but lees so when wo hear that the people are crowding overland from Christchurch to the diggings, and hundreds are going in steamers and sailing craft. Captain Whit- well reportB that a considerable number of diggers, who had come overland improperly provided, besought him to give them a psssago in the steamer gratis. These, of course, aro exceptions. The. men continue to rush on, and it is impossible to control them. There are at present in town nbout á00 men anxious to Becure pas- sages to the Okitiki. The Storm Bird, which left Wellington direct for tho diggings, has returned to Nelson with all her passengers on board, being unable to enter tho river. The steamer Nelson, too, found ehe could not pass the bar, and had to go bark to the Grey River with her passengers. Here Bho touched on the bar, and though for some time, wo are told, broadside on to the sea, suc- ceeded in getting inside the bar and waa understood to bo lying aafely in the river. On the diggings there is a good supply of provisions of all kinds except flour, which is exceedingly Ecarce, and at famine pricos; but with tho continued influx of diggers by Eea and overland, there is some danger of a Rrcat Ecarcity of provisions in an inhospi- table country, nnd depending solely on tho two Nelson Bteainerr, which are the only ones tliot have yet crossed the bar, and have fully more than they can accomplish." An important cus¿ has recently been tried in the Supremo Court of Otago, in which the widow of Mr. James Thomas Frost sued the owner of the eteamer Pride of tho Yarra for damages occasioned by the drowning of her husband, in tho colllslon'betwcen that steamor and tho Favourite, in July, 18G3. The Otago Times fully reports the case. The j ury awarded damages of £680. Tho quantity of gold brought down from the Otago district gold-fields, by the escort, for the fortnight ending tho 10th Instant, was 12,G79i ounces. Tuapeka was still the most productive field. The trial of Captain Jarvey, for the murder of his wife by the use of strychnine, was pro- ceeding at Dunedin when the Albion sailed. It was not expected to be finished before the 20th inst. Another fire of some magnitude has oc- curred in Dunedin. The scene in thiBiubtanca was tho Octagon. The buildings destroyed were those of Mr. Gerrand, produce broker; Mr. Gollar, baker; Mr. Heury, ironmonger; Messrs. Robson and Dreaver, tailors; and some others. The whole of tho buildings on tho eastern Bide of the Octagon have been destroyed by this and n, previous Ure. Tho value of tho property burned was £15,000, and the insurances amount to £6,000. The Now Zealand Company lose about £1^00, but the other offices involved escapo lightly. Tho Australasian Company havo lost nothing. About a month ago thoy held a policy for £500 on Mr. Gerrand's stock, but that lapsed. Lately they woio interested in the dostroyod block to the oxtent of £2,000, but these policies had all lapsed. The New Zealand journals state that gold has beon discovered at Raglan.in the Northern Island. Sir Henry Young, Jato Governor of Tas- mania, has become sole proprietor of the run and station of Oamarama, in New Zealand. A murder has occurred in Southland, at the Mataura diggings. The murderer 13 Thomas Whitehead {alias Brumrny), and the unfortunate victim, Daniel Stowart. The men were mates, and wero ongaged sawing in the bush. Whitehead accused Stewart of having stolen money from him, a chargo which the latter denied, whereupon White- head struck bim from behind on the head with an axef. Stowarr, although desperately wounded, mBnnged to make his way out of the bush, and gavo information to Sergeant Bullen, who arrcEted Whitehead. Tho decla- ration of Stewait was takon shortly beforo tho poor fellow's death, and the prisoner has been lodged in Invercargill Gaol. A scratch match will bo played on tho bowling-green, at Chapel-street station, to- day, at half-past threo o'clock p.m. Tho members resident to the north of tho green will play against thoso on tho south sido Should members turn out at the appointed hour, thiB will be one of the most Interesting contests of the season. Tho duties of tho manuging committee of tho Upper Yarra Regatta, to take placo this afternoon, wero brought to a close on Thurs- day, when fix watermen entered for tho Scullers' Race, and eight for the purse of sovereigns for the Pair-oared Race. For the Four-oared Race eight entries wero received, including tho beat oarsmen of the river. Entries were also made for on Amateur Four oared and a Pair-oared Race. It was an- nounced that the drum and fife band (Immi- grants' Home) were retained, and tho appoint- ment of the judge (Mr. M'Cutcheon) and starter (Mr. James Mitchell) concluded tho business of tho evening. The head-quarters of the committee will be the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Punt-road, Richmond. To-duy is the last on which tho public of Molbourno will havo the opportunity of wit- nessing tho billiard-piny which baa made the name of Roberta famous, not only as the bcßt known living player, but as ohio, at all the games known to English tables, to glvo any opponent enormous odds. It is not now that we aro going to describo that matchless skill which has oxcited the wonder, ono may eay, of this generation of English- men ; it is enough that Australians have had the chanco of enjoying an exhibition which they will not soon forget. Ho sails in the mailboat to-morrow, and thus there can bo no doubt (hat tboso who havo not seon him play muBt avail themselveB of to-day's matches, or eleo misa a great treat. Yester- day was a busy day with him. In the after- noon ho played with Norcliffe, at tho now Union Club-house, in Collins-street, before a select comrany of visitors, including His Excellency the Governor and a number of our colonial magnate?. Norcliffo was his oppo- nent, and tho champion making one of his " rushes" wou a very fine game. At a second and short match, played with one hand, Nor cliffe succeeded in winning by means of a splendid break. In the evening ho played a Ecries of " fancy" matches with LUmb, but waa tired, and boneath his usual mark. To- day he will play Norclifle in the afternoon, and Lamb in the evening. Both matches will take place at the Albion Hotel. Tho amateur athletic sports, If auguries are to be relied upon, will be the feature of the Easter Monday holiday. The committee has put forward a programme, which should command success. Alroady we hear of enthusiastic amateurs training for the con- tests, and tho co oporation of tho public may, "wind and weather permitting," b3 relied upon. Regarding the all important subject of tho prizes, it has to bo stated that those offered are really worth the winning, and beaides this an arrangement has boon made to give orders on Messrs. Kilpatrick and Co. for the amount promised, so that winneiB will have tho option of selecting their own trophies. Entries to bo made personally, and to be strictly confined to amateurs, will bo received from this time by any member of tho committee, and also at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, at seven o'clock, on Thurs- day, tho 6th of April. The followiuR is the list of the events :-Maiden plate, of eighty yards; handicap flat race, 440 yards; drop kick at foot ball ; flat race, 100 yards ; flat race, 100 yards, for youths under eleven years of age; half-mile handicap flat race; flat race, 100 yards, for" youths under sixteen years of nge; one-mllo handicap flat race; Back race, eighty yards ; handicap hurdle race, 300 yards ; throwing the cricket ball ; handicap steeplechase, 440 yaids. The following rewards to constables havo been mado during tho week :-To Senior ConBtable John Nelson, at Loarmonth,£3, for activity in extinguishing recent buBh-fires to Constables Michael Ryan and Aloxandor Dempster, at Heywood, £1 each for praiso worthy ond successful exertions at a recent firo ; to Constable Charles Mackay, Woodend, £3, for prosecuting to conviction a keeper of a disorderly beerhouse, and another person for Bly-grog Belling; aud to first-class Detective John Williams, and second-class DetectivoOtto Berliner, £2 each for skill shown in the arrest and prosecution of Thomas Jackson, alias Splnky, for stealing from tho person. ïhe following notice of paintings by two Melbourno artists is translated from a journal publishedin Germany :-" The chief interest of this week's exhibition in the Munich ;Knnst Verein is concentrated upon three landscapes, for the contribution of which wo have proba- bly to thank Professor Neumayer. Two of these, Barrum Barrum Rivor (Cape Otway), and Mount Kosciusko, aro tho production of Eugene Guerard. Tho first-named picture represents a mountainous creek on the south coast of tho Australian continent, and is bo far the most characteristic and peculiar, pre- senting to our eyo a clear, agrcoablo, and lifo like picture of tho vegetation, particularly of the eucalyptus and of the fern trees, consi- dered either as single specimens or In groups. The second picture makos us acquainted with the highest mountain of New ¿tolland, ascended by Professor Neumayer in Novem- ber, 1854, and found to bo 7,200 feet high This view possesses, too, an individuality, ioasmuch as the colours aro intouser, and the contrast between tho wooded region and tho rocks is greater than oppoars in this part of tho world. The formation of those high mountains prcsonts a less abrupt outline than our Alps, though in other respects it ia not unlike them. In tho fore- ground of thia picturo ia introduced ProfiBBor Neumayer's travelling party, while in the firet-mentioned ono, on aboriginal is engaged in hunting wild ducks. Tho third picturo is the work of Nicolas Chevalier, uf Molbourne, and represents tho Dargo Valley, a part of tho country in the vicinity of that great watershed of tho Australian Continent, the Dividing Ranges. The view of the back ground mountains is similar to the second mentloned picture. Tho middle and tho foreground, however, aro distinguished by tho picturesque rock formation of part monu- mental appearance. In tho foreground there Is a group of aboriginals camping, Tho conception, disposition, and oxecution of theso Australian pictures display a finu feol ing and finish, and an uncommon technicality of colours." There was another halt last night in tho long íun of Irish' comedy at tho Haymarkot Theatre, caused by tho sudden illness of Mr, O'Noil, which gavo occasion for tho appearance of old familiar faces at this house-Mr. Jamos Simmonds, tho former manogor, and Mr. E Holloway. The opening piccj was that most whimBical of extrovogauces, Maddison Mor- ton's little comedy of "Woodcock's Little Gome," which, very s smartly played throughout, gavo Mr. Hoskins and Mrs. A. Phillips the widest scope for tho display of their genuino comedy in Mr. Woodcock and Mrs. Lieutonaat-Colouel Carver. Nomolodrama has maintained buoIi long popularity on tho stago ns that of " Robert Macaire," and the applause and laughter of laBt night showed it to be fresh oa over. Mr. Holloway gavo tho proper amount of cool audacity to tho homicidal hero, and the torror of his associate, Jacquos Strop, was comically conceived and cal ried out by Mr. Simmonds. That unfading nautical production of poor Douglas Jer toW, which has mado so many mana- gerial fortunes, " Black-oyotl Susan " (con- cluded the night's amusement. Mr. E. Holloway was the heartiest of Btago tar», and sang Bong and danced hornpipo with tho vivacity of tho gayest middy that over waa mast-headed. Mrs. E. Holloway was an in- teresting Dolly Mayflower, Tho houso was very well filled. The same porformanco will be repeated this evening.. 