LATEST TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS. Tbe action for llbd brought by Hi. George Uraohart, equatter, against Moan*. WUeon and HacUnnon, the proprietor* of The Arptti, terminated yesterday, after a three day*' trial. The jury, *ho were to deliberation for aboiit two hoots and three quartern, found • verdict for the pUeill oc the fiiet thrae connt*, nith 40a. damtgea, and a verdict for defendant on tbe three remaining countafnie libel oompUlntd of In the three drat ooanta,' ifwill be remembered, wen eztiacti boat a 1 pamphlet entitled Tie Bittern if « Bern Miftrtme, if en UnftrUmtU, which era* a reprint of aomeartido which had pteviuoaly Mpeand In the Bh*rimt BmM, and m printed at the defondanta'Job prinilng-ofBca. With reference to these oouoti the dcfreidanta did not plead any jtutification, tori ate ted that the lawphlet had betaipobUehed ylthont their knowledge, in theonUnaiy eray of trade, and In toe beUef that it hed wfiwwiL When their attention wee drawn to H thayoflemd to mi a poblie apology, and«lve np the name of the gentian an who gave than tha order to print the pamphlet. The alleged libel* eat forth in the other three count* ware contained In thne artidea poUUhed In Ae A ryw, comment! eg npon Mr. Urqnhart'e am viotioo by ;th«Oowanna wagMratea tokniw aoabby aheeplnhle ponrnlun,and tha autor qnari remleeion of the penaltln by the Government Totheeeooontatfaedelpodanti pleeded "Jaettteetlon,"an44he wdteftte vmdlctwm to eotaWiabOiridjnrpott that plea. After the ondlct *M |d«oh, iMitttb toenail naked the Jodge-Wr, Joctfoc WtlHaiaa-to otrtilyfor ocete, tori hie Honour nhndto do en . Fentridge apotfe oeine off on thf village .rearm en Thunta, art today MagaU that could to whbed the nttendanee of riettore waehugo. Tbe ehooking in XaicfcHn I, the fffltoirir OdsHatoh. tow ooriiawtoiid ot *fe oUo& it Iks ftflodolr bitch occo rred which may •pondtjlynifar the toriflah* Qadpamre of torwal' pad eooaequently Oetond Ohaeap geiinded the company, end, brlnfly reUttng the facta etotedriptttoprefabtaUo^Vprir^ would pot take ptaceiiDtil the oumtniUeehadbade full opportunity M aecertelolng what wee : tvelly maaut by tbe words " appear In nnl form." It should be etsted that sever*! volunteers— otie of whom tied the highest scorer—shot without their Bword end b.-lt, and were protested sgainst as not "tounl form." The commltkosuatalned the ohjeetion, but inch general sympathy was expressed for Mr. Kernan (the volunteer referred to) that the committee agatu opened the Question, and left itunsettled. Asdcclded at. first by the com mittee, the following Is the li't of winners Match 1.—200 yards-Bobhyo, Foster, Kelly i 400 yards-F. W. Duttglo, G. Busaglo, Foster; 600 yards-Flsusgan, Foster, Mol vanoy. Best total at the three ranges L Soniiwr Cop. to Foster; 2. The Colonel's Cop, Kelly; 8. Mr. Stale's Cop. Flanagan; 4. Coffey; 6. F. W. Bnsrglo; 0. Dobhyn: 7. Ttgbe. In the All-Oomers, at 200 yards, the prises were awarded to Gilmore, Hamilton, Bainefoid, aud A. K. Miller. In the Derby, at 800 yards; Flsnagso. Reiusford, Love, Hamilton, and West were the winners. A parade order race, a hurdle race, aud other athlitio sports ooncludtd the day's amuse ments. The brass baud of the corps was In attendance nearly all day. The ledies'oommlMee organised for the pur pose of promoting a farther search fortheex plorer Leicbfaardt are now proceeding with the good work. Their 6ret meeting was held at the Mechanise' Institute on Thursday, when various preliminaries were satisfactorily ar ranged. The delegates consist of Mr* Broxnby, Mia. Bunny, Mrs. Cutte, Mm Em hllng, Mm Hsrker, Mre. Hetberington, Mils Nordt, Mm Testai, Mre. Tieruey. and Mm W'ilkie.who were present at the meeting, and Mrs. Fraser and Mrs. Cole, who were no avoidably absent Two denominations have yet to elect their representatives. There may be difference of opinion as to the hopefulness of the schema hut there can be none that the ladles have but to enter heartily into the cause to ensure it the trial its promoters so earnestly (dead for. We understand that Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of Faster Week have been sekefed a* the days on wLicb the exhibition of colonial gems aud jeweller's work will take place. The Royal Society's hall will be the place of exhibition. A sub-committee has been appointed to make the necessary ar rangements. If the scheme proposed by the Bev. Dr. Blessdale is carried ont to its lnteg 1 rlty, as we have no doubt It will be, the exhibition will be a great attraction and sucoess. The ship Eli Whitney, the name of waieh has so often appeared of late in the reports of the Supreme Court, has been sold by auction for £700, for the purpose, we believe, of being broken np for firewood. It was lately stated that another attempt was likely to be made to reoover the cargo of the wrecked ship School berg. Two gentle men from Melbourne recently visited the wreck to a whakboat, and It is stated that their report will be unfavourable to the re newal of the effort. George M"dubbin has been committed by the magistrates of Kynetou for trial at the General Sessions, on a charge of highway robbery, committed on Mr. O. G. Armstrong, of Woodend. The annual dinner of the Gsdmg vine gro wtrs was held at the Prinoe of Wales Hotel, In Geeloog, on Wednesday evening i«t Mr eisTatuUr ATKenxle ooenpying the chair, and Mr. John Hsdrich the vioe-chalr. The attendance was not equal to expectation, there being only about forty gentlemen pre sent, bat among there were the principal Ylgnerons of the district. Some of the wine* supplied were of excellent quality. A severe aocident hat befallen a solicitor of Dayksford. Thelfsrowy reports the occur rence as followsMr. WCormick, on San day, while driving from Malmibary. along the level road, observed that the breeching of the harness galled his mare, and he accord I lngly removed ft. This did not much matter while the road continued level; but be neg lected to replace ft on approaching the hill near the German More, the coorequenoe being that the mare bolted with the buggy, which was presently smashed by collision with a fallen tree, Mr. Mfjormlck and a female com panion being jerked by the fores of the con ensdon to a considerable disUaoe. The young lady sustained tittle personal injury, bat Mr. MDortnick was wounded In a most ex traordinary manner. A piece of stick about the sire of a manb little finger had buried Haeif to the flesh of the chin - the two ends bring visible; two other pieces, each about three inches long, had got in between the bones of the left ores, nod another piece had pierced through the fierity part of the right hand; no hones were broken, anl it is strange flat Mr. MXVnrmlck. eacaped thus whole when he wes thrown with suoh ex tresne violence ae to cause the penetration of the pieces of wood so described." • It is reported that gold has been found In the Barrier Bangs*, north wretward of Me cindie. ' Public meetings on abont to be held in Kyaeton and Ohowton, to devise measures for the relief of the soffecere by the bosh-fires of Monday lmt. The Bydut BtrtU reports that the first casting had been accomplished at the Fltxroy Ironwork*. It wre a cylinder, weighing neatly two and a half tone, for one of the piers of Oundsgm! bridge. The following par ticulars are given by telegram of a reoeut encounter hstwren the paUoa and Btllb gang:—* A party of peMee from the Goulbotn at.tfaw, to ostomy with Mr. Huthvslte, J.P., who bed been foUowtogBso Hall's gang from plaoe to phms haom as thsfr haanU, floally, at about n^w o'eloek oh Thursday ossein*, reached Lodgeh Inn, Btortheseooad Brmlsl bane Platos-lbe landlord being at the tima in Goribnm, ofcrogad srtthfaetog » noeom tttottf tbshashroogecs. Thepqtsoni at the, ton, ohont twentyoto ln number, Including several wrilbnowsbosbtolegtafibi,wws de tained; fl^v^.gBtoeswfly, learned, ttm ytUlf ^ghwiemlwtol toroA » tftoe in the indglihnmhnnd fcrownro BunuV and BTUMrtikMtts Mn made accordingly. Twoooostal*«iMMlaftwlihtkebone^»iid Mr. Huth wslte and five of the pottos tar rounded tfasbenosnnd 1mm. the two build lnalietaggftoii«mtif>nrt.Tirep)ttmms» potto QmlSMto ilve P>u,lnf>dyM<i—*miofcFP*w«.oan ttowdy loehtd ta.obdthireobotswere Instantly find* him. Bto Troops* Wile* atood-nt lbt opening and fired; the Amino nnsWiis Ihnrotr r-f—— m— Op *• ptfoowilthUmnMb* M»a|W gy;. baahtanpenintHmtrisse making toetreseape 'ttet)i^uciM*di«bjwr too dabs hl|bn«r, 8S5^B*saw«aa thro darfc field jT-'m..„ .. as tong^T3^j,*«wld,!ro»i-thto5 wlt^tepeSro^isistfllha aearih. HslUtS.■ Panh^iiu'iBitArod Wihrok.Wia wrtrofifH* dda-todmlbhwi _ ^ .Tbt j(kdbM -to 'ooTcred, y«i# roJ«lnlng, two uddttf, a double-barrelled gun. And a poncbo. Bume, bis wife, aud two sons, were tiken Into custody, And will be prosecuted for har lionriug die offender*. Burns WM in bod, drunk, and resisted the polloe." We find the followiug in the BaUarai Star: —"It la stated that A member of the Legis- | lattve Assembly, who lstoly mArried Alsdy with a reported accumulation of no fewer : then 1,000 gulden cbarms, la about to be eued by a lady iu Melbourne for damagee for | breach of promise*" i Teenty-nlne of the Attomey-GeneiAl'i consolidation bills were read a third time in the Legislative Assembly yesterday. On the Bowling green at Chapel-street, this afternoon, a match will be played between the married and single members, commenc ing at half-past three o'clock p.m. The first conme for the club's champion gold medal must be played off to- day or Monday, as the drawing for the eeoond ooutec will take plaoe on Monday evening. Members of the clnb who have not been on the green since the Usts were posted are reoommended to examine the advertising columns of this journal of the 2nd Inst, where they will find the list as [ ballotted for. The Border Pott states that, through " the exertions of Mr. 0. V. Smith, one of our re presentatives, the Treasurer has promised to refund to the Chiltern Borough Council the amnunt of lloence fees received last year amounting to about £000." At a meeting held In Ghewton on Wednes day, a sum of £100 was subscribed In aid of the sufferers In Mount Alexander and Faraday districts from the bush- fires on Monday last A oommlttee, composed of the principal resi dents In the borough, was named, for the pox pose of collecting the subscriptions and ad ministering relief. A farmer named Peter Mackenzie, living j at the rentUnd-billa, was complained against j yesterday, at the District Court by Mr. James Riley, sheep inspector, for having, . " without authority iu WTitlug from a sheep inspector, removed from land at the Pent land-hills sheep which, on the 28th nit, were infected with scab, to the Melbourne Cattle yard e, along a public toad." The complaint was clealy proved, and Mr. Hackett, after re marking upon the serious damage that might be caused by such a breath of the act fined the defendant £20, with 28s. 6d. costs. Tho mas Hanson, a farmer at the PenUand-blilfl, was complained against for being the owner of 148 sheep infected with scab, which were at the Melbourne Cattle-yards on the 28th nit, and for which a licence had not been ob- I tslnrd under the second part of the Act of Council, 27 Victoria, No. 23L These sheep ' werethoee referred to in the- former com plaint, the former defendant being the peson : in whose charge they were brought down, and the present one the owner. Mr. Riley proved | that, on finding the sheep at the cattle yards, and discovering that they were scabby, he left them in the charge of a man J in the yards, where they were claimed the next day by Hanson. Defendant was fined 2s. per head, with 28s. fid. coeta. Fran some observations that were made, it seemed that the accommodation at the cattle-yards did not afford a separate plaoe for keeping j sheep in when, as in the present case, they were known to he scabby. The oonssqnence It, that infected sheep often occupy peas in these yards which, directly after their depar tore, may be tenanted fay dean sheep. An aaaaalt case, in which G. Austin, land lord of the Cross Keys Hotel, was sum moned for arsulting Mary Dodd, at the Globe Hotel, and which had been partly heaidonafurmer occasion, was concluded, and Ore defendant eras fined 40s, with 4fia. costs. The evidence In this case Included some very hard and contradictory sweating, and Mr. Hackett said It was dear to him that a good deal of what be would only regard as rank ' perjury had been committed. A number of other more or lees Important cases were also [ disposed of, among which may be mentioned that of George HambreUcb, who was fined 10s. for slaughtering on premises; John k 'Intoah. who, (or leaving building materials j in the street unprotected by a fraoe, was fined 10s.; and John Parry, who waa fined 20a fiat making a dangerous excavation. 8omeaeren ov eight people were also summoned for wast ing the Van Yean water, and vol fined lh, each, with costs. The agitation which usually mis In during ] the dry weather of the summer season In I favour of extensive supplies of water for the country districts has commenced at Castle- j ursine. A public meetiog ou the subject • held In the theatre then on Thursday crest ing, and resolutions In favour of theOoUban scheme were unanimously adopted. It Is to be regretted that the morality so forcibly Mi in summer It lost sight of as com as the autumn reins set In, If the views of |the people of the country districts or this subject were expremod leas intesmitlently, the Go vernment would perhaps treat the matter with more earnestness than they bare hitherto done. It Is so long Moos we hare had a rowing match exclusively for watermen that the racing to coma off this afternoon, for toe championship of the Upper Yarra, poateaiei more than ordinary Interest. The following, we are told, gave rise to the match. Soma I two weeks thus a garUcm as fan Wood's j Point, who now and again employed the ; watermen, volunteered to give a cup, of tho ! value of £10^ to the fastest rower on too Upper Yam. Thegtft **A as may ho ax-! peoted, eagerly aooepted, and elx—on- i doubtedly the host sU-watermen autsred,' and at anoo treat into training. Shorn to j whom were en hosted too reansgsmoptcftoo] affair met at toe &x; Hwrtj WaihfclM ;' ' SfahmoSkfa agogf- -j Atwca at tbenairownaat of to# river, f"' race should be spredinfatats -thr—boafa , each; and thgt lki winnem of the Inland aeoond fatal* . should fof afijul boat 'for Urn I prise. The competitor* tops during thai pastwwh hem prenttslng over thecomas— farm too OhuitoMsaMVUgotoapplat'iMpt; the Rkhmood pm>4;aad,from toe feel that ■tof^mca wMl tooMi^toaahampioo|hlp, «n stonnM>re<)tn(«^«lMUoMr.Oeohre»o> ;• JBtaftflpb,*^Ept i : Otoresraaw r-"Hah*danmsd tof Ptd^pdt?l tifltosittiBilWl:! in hfa abject tsisraad tsyjAifp ; ■ ... fm -m .......damss ,ptorn. Whenhs hecama tulfs nuusto proosed, -JfefM toss takaainto j ABtfafatowh toato 'W>. pitomtsdnfoerW -spect«fe:to>4to«.^ toaioefy jrwnlraUe.and tbr gyro and ogae sm.4hmUlSmti*t!> •.;•»•!•*«« •. /„• >1 ■ t in|f|iil rf^4ltMlwi|ftfWliali frt I Oriental OdW-mlnlagOonpany {BaUai was hsid last owning, ta to# Duke of Roth._ , Hotel, JBiMfatootrset) for .ths- pgrpoa* ref ] confivrlpg with Mr, U JKioncerawl KtV. Oldham oti tlie present position of the com pui'i affairs. Alout 160 shares were reprc seated at the meeting; and the ohalr woe taken by Sir. 3. Dane, ML.A. A pro tracted conversational discussion took place as to the advisability of winding up the undertaking, and forming a new company, and the proposition seemed to meet with general favour. It was suggested by the manager at Ballarat that, for the pur pose of thoroughly prospering and proving the ground, another company abonld be originated, and the claim, together with the whole of the mining machinery, purchased ; Mid that the capital should be £6,000, In one thousand £6 shares. It was eventually resolved, on the motion of Mr. M. Keogb, that the chairman and Mr. Kionearshould attend a special board meeting at Ballarat on Motr. day, to represent the Melbourne shareholders, and should be entrusted with fall power to putchase the claim and plant, with a view to the formation of a new company; the result of their mission to be made known at an other meeting, to he convened by public advertisement. The prooeedtngs then ter minated. 