THE FARH.t-NOTES ON THE MONTH. (.osn the Au stralasian.) THE want of rain is a general complaint. 'Tis .true rain has fallen in sufficient quan tity in some portions of the colony, whilo bush-fires are making their appearance in others. The crops of wheat and oats are suffering greatly in many localities; and potatoes will be but a very indifferent crop m many places. The want of means for irrigating root and green crops and grasses is the cause of much distress both to farmers and squatters. The sdbject of irrigation is becoming thread-bare, some will say; it is, nevertheless, a subject to which we must recur: .until the attention of the colonists is awakened to its vital importance to the ex istence of farming or squatting in Australia. In the noighbouring colony we learn that, on theMelrose run, about forty miles bolow Condobolin (botwoeen the Lachlan and the Bogan), the worlk of reclaiming the country is being carried on with great energy, and at an enormous expense. There are said to be more than 300 men constantly at work in sinking wells and the erection of dams. The extent of country to be supplied is very great, extending in one direction about ninety miles. They have succeeded in get ting water in one of the wells recently. This well makes 500 gallons of water an hour. From this, zino troughs are being laid a distance of five or six miles, so that tlhe sheep can be supplied along the wholo distance. No rain has yet fallen to fill the Sdams, but when once filled thle supply will be permanent, except in times of long-con tinued drought. Whin or Furze. (Ulex Europma).-fHoro is a plant which, when every otlher thing fails through the long continuance of drought, still keeps putting out fresh shoots. It is adapted for the driest and poorest soils, and grows well in all seasons, and affords an immense supply of the most nutritive food for stock of all kinds. It requires no cultivation after being once sown, as it is well able to takeo care of itself. Thistles, Cape, or other weeoods are soon outgrown by the whin, and it is almost the only useful plant that can hold its own against those pests. In using it as fodder the young tops are mown off with a scythe, and afterwards bruised, and may be mixed with chaff, or used alone. If colonists would give this plant a trial, they would soon become con uinced of its great value, particularly in such seasons as the present. M;augolds sown towards the end of June are now three inches in diameter; thoso sown six weeks ago are springing fairly, but will prove but an indifferent crop if abundant rains do not occur. As mangolds cannbt:be sown now, or for several weekols past, if you have thinnings to spare from former sowings, and a shower of rain occurs, or the ground is moist enough, they will transplant-readily. It is not too late to sow mangolds if the ground is moist. Potatoes.-The working of the soil should almost be dispensed with in light soils this season; much moving of the soil causes the moisture to be ovaporated too quickly; in stiff soils a slight earthing will be necessary; if a run of water could be passed down tihe rows of potatoes first-rate crops could be obtained. Maize, Sorghum, and Millets.-These can am~"obyman'eren~origadmo):'Wda OS;!S Lhi -· Mlfh in hand, as there is no reason why this mode of-growing maize should not succeed as well here as in other countries. The raising of two green crops of maize from the same Spiece of ground in one season is about as profitable a mode of getting an abundance of food for stock as can be named. A thickly sown crop of several acres of maize, when six or seven feet in height, would be a boon to many a stockowner during the coming season; the amount of food in such ac crop might be estimated at many tons in weight, probably twenty or twenty-five tons to the acre. These green crons could be got in where the localities have been visited with abundant falls of rain-as in the neighbour hood of Ballarat, Lancefield, and the western district. .. Tobacco.-Tho remarks just mado-about rain .will be equally applicable to putting out plants of tobacco, though it is now rather late for making plantations, unless in the northern districts. Hoeing, earthing, pinching out lateral stems and suckers, and topping before thie plants come into flower, are essential operations; also looking after caterpillars before the leaves are injured by them. Hay.-The hay harvest is now near; short crops are everywhere to be seen we regret to say. If the farmer has some good 'ground, fit for late green crops, it would be wise to plough it up ready for sowing, should ramin occur, as some substitute must be found' for deficient hay crops. Grasses for seed should be cut in the morning if pos sible, before the dow is off, and carried so soon as it is fit; some farmers thrash it in the field, in order to prevent the waste of seed through carting and staclinir. S.reviously to using water for irrigating, it should always be studied to have it of the same temperature as tile soil in which the plants to which it is intended to be applied are growing. A thermometer would indicate the degrees of heat, and it would be even desirable that the water should be of a higher temperature than the soil, rather than the reverse. If the water was exposed (in shallow pools) to the air for a consider able length of time, say not less than six or nine days, but three or four weeks would be much better, the beneficial effects of it upon vegetation would be greatly enhanced. The formation of ponds or cisterns to receive the water before it is applied for irrigating.is the best means for the thorough airing of the water. THard water becomes soft after lying sufficient length of time exposed to the atmosphere; the fertilizing effects of water upon the soil depends in a great measure upon the softening action of the atmosphere upon. it previously to its being applied. Cold water from a spring or well is detri mental to the growth of plants until it is nirated. The use of water from a well or spring has ofter caused plants to be come diseased, or to die away alto gether if applied in too great a quantity at a time. Plough land for fallow; sow pumpkins Ifor pigs, and the cattle melon; tie hops; horse-hoe lucerne; and clean quickthorn hedges from weeds. Cabbages (for cattle) may be raised in beds for planting out in the autumnal months; abundance of moisture will be requisite, and a ric soil; raise them 