DEATH OF MORGAN THE BUSHRANGER. From Tuesday's Age. Yesterday morning, the city, or, indeed we may safely say the colony, wherever the electric tele- graph has penetrated, was joyfully surprised by the news that the buslmnger Morgan, whose very name has for some 22 months past, been a terror to the rural districts of New South Wales, had at length been stopped in his career of crime and blood . The gratification necassarily arising from the fact that society had been rid of a monster for whom, in the perpetration of wholesale human butchery, the an- nals of the colonies afford no parallel since the days when ferocious runaways from Port Arthur spread slaughter and dismay through the island of Tas- mania, was in no small degree intensified when it became known that the individual by whose hand the triple-murderer, for such, as we shall point out presently he was, met his doom was a Victorian. By this circumstance, all future controversy as to the relative supremacy of the cause of justice, must be rendered superfluous. On the part of the popu- lation of this colony, indeed, no doubt was ever en- tertained that, if the miscreant who is now no more, or any of his congeners in guilt, should venture to invade our territory, such a course of action would be but the signal for his or their speedy capture or death. ' Come, one, come all ' of the bloodthirsty fraternity, it was regarded that once fairly within our boundaries, they could never quit the territory alive. If any persons were disposed to regardthis conviction as savouring of overweening confidence or boastfulness, the result we are now called upon to chronicle must utterly disprove such an idea Even had the dead ruffian escaped the bullet of John Qinnlan, his capture could have been delayed but a few minutes, and, as far as we know at present, might have been effected without, the taking of his life. There is, however, a strong likelihood that in the latter event, much valuable blood would have been spilt, as the scoundrel was thoroughly on his guard, with arms in his hand ; and it would be a source of legitimate regret that peaceful colonists and zealous constables should be sacrificed for the mere satisfaction of securing a subject for the gal- lows. We must also, in justice to our own people —although we regret being compelled to submit the bush residents of of New South Wales to so invi- duous a contrast— congratulate Victoria that the destruction of this fiend in human shape was not accomplished by a paid officer of the law, but by an humble bushman of the very same class as those who appear on the other side of the Murray to be almost, without exception, the accomplices of, or sympathisers with, Morgan and his brother assas- sins. It is a singular circumstance, and one which cannot fail to heighten the general gratification at his death, that one of this ferocious criminal's latest utterances (on Friday last) was a threat of cold-blooded murder, and that he did not succeed in carrying it out we may, from his antecedents, rest perfectly assured is due solely to the sud- den termination of his life. We shall now proceed to give such a rough sketch of the miscreant's ca- reer as we have been enabled, in the brief interval which has elapsed since the news of his death reached us, to prepare. As a mere bushranger, his history may be said to commence on the 17th of June, 1863, when he committed two robberies under arms at Walla Walla, in New South Wales. The very next day we find him committing a similar outrage at Cock- endiana ; and on the 29th of the following month, another at Wallandool, both in the same colony. On the 21st August ensuing, he robbed and wounded with firearms Mr Bayliss, a police magis- trate of the New South Wales territory. As this was the first instance in which he attempted to take life, we may give the facts somewhat in detail. On the day in question, Mr Bayliss was riding on offi- cial business towards the township of Urana, when he was stopped about midday by two armed men, and ordered to surrender his money or his life. Mr Bayliss, being well mounted, however, rode off, and got away for the time, the bushrangers firing two shots after him. Unfortunately, however, he stopped after riding a couple of miles, and his pur- suers coming up, again overtook him- and robbed him of a few pounds and his watch. These men were Morgan and a mate of his. Next night, Mr Bayliss having gone out in person with a party of police to look after the desperado who had robbed him, and being camped with his troopers in a hut at midnight, was suddenly fired upon by the scoun- drel, and severely wounded — his right thumb being shattered, and his breast penetrated by a ball. Five days later, we find that Morgan deliberbtely shot a shepherd, though not fatally, on the ground that he had given Mr Bayliss information of his (Mor- gan's) movements. From this period we hear nothing of his atroci- ties until the 3rd November, 1863, when he com- mitted a robbery under arms at Gibson's Station, near Albury. On the 22nd January, 1864, he robbed a mail at the Round Hills, another on the 6th April following, at Tumberumba ; a third on the 12th of the same month, at Jerilderee, and a fourth on the 2nd of June, at the Round Hills again. On the 19th of the last-mentioned month (a Sun- day), however, he reverted to his more sanguinary enterprises by wounding one individual mortally, and another lest seriously, at the Round Hill Sta- tion. It was, perhaps, in this instance that he dis- played the most wanton and cold-blooded ferocity exhibited by him in his many sanguinary outrages. Coming suddenly into the homestead, with a re- volver in each hand and four others in his belt, he compelled the inmates to supply him with food and spirits. Presently he ordered his horse to be brought, and, mounting it, turned deliberately round and fired indiscriminately amongst the per- sons whom he had assembled as his prisoners. He then rode off, and had gone about 15 yards, when Mr Watson said, ' These are the irons (stirrup) you stole from so-and- so.' The narrative of the events which immediately ensued, as given by a New South Wales journal of the day, is so graphic, and in the revolting character of the incidents it re- lates so unrivalled, that we make no apology for tranferring it entire to our columns. ' The ruffian coolly turned round in his saddle; took deliberate aim at Mr Watson's, head, and fired. Seeing the deadly aim, Mr Watson, involuntarily put up his hands through which, the ball passed, turning it probably aside, as it only touched his scalp. The wounded man ran behind the shed and hid himself; but Morgan returned to the door of the shed, fired right and left among the inmates, crying out, ' Now, you b-- b -, clear out of this.' The first shot went through young Heriot's leg, between the knee and ankle, shattering the bone in pieces, and then hit another man's leg behind, maiming him, but not breaking the skin, as its force had been spent. The men then all ran away in different directions, the poor wounded young man among them, dragging bis broken leg after him for about 30 yards, when he fell from pain and exhaustion. Morgan, after a fruitless chase after another man, returned to young Heriot.dismounted, and put the revolver to his head. 'Young Heriot said, 'Don't kill me, Morgan; you have broken my leg ' ; and Mr Watson, who had also, seen Morgan with the pistol to the boys head, came out of his hiding place, crying out, 'For God's sake, Morgan, don't kill any one.' The villain; who seemed to act with the inconsistency of drunkenness, or of a murderer gone mad, then cried out, 'Where are all the d __ wretches gone to?' and swore a fearful oath that he would blow the brains out of every man on the station if they did not come to Heriot's assistance. He himself knelt down, cut the boot off the wounded leg, and carried the unfortunate youth to the gate next the house. Two men then, frightened by his threats, came forward, and he swore he would shoot them dead if they did not carry him in, which they did, and laid him on a bed. At this time, also, two men (one a half caste aboriginal), who had not yet appeared upon the scene, but evidently 'Morgan's men, came up and remained on the ground, while young Heriot was carried to a bed, where Morgan cut off the other boot, and set a man to attend him. Seeing Morgan apparently relenting as if satiated with blood, Mr McLean asked him if he might go for a doctor. Morgan answered ' Yes,' and then for a short time regaled himself with his mates ; but apparently mistrusting Mr M'Lean, he followed him along the road, overtook him five or six miles from the station, and, without yea or nay, coming close behind him, fired. The hall entered the un- fortunate man s hack, above the hip, and came out close to the navel, and he, of course fell, mortally wounded.' A lapse of five short days brings us to the mur- der of Sercreant M'Ginnerty, of the police force. The scene of the murder was five miles from the township of Copabella, and the time half-past ten o'rlock in the morning. M'Ginnerty met his death gallantly riding up to the ruffian. With a sense of relief that the gory catalogue has drawn to a close, we have now record but two un- successful attempts upon human life. One of the intended victims was a sergeant of police, named Smyth. The scene was the Doodal Swamp, and the day a Sunday, the 3rd September, 1864. The sergeant, accompanied by three troopers, had, about nine o'clock on the evening of this day, encamped in a 'kind of skillion gunyah, open in front.' Without any note of warning, a volley of bullets entered or penetrated the tent on all sides. The troopers rushed out into the darkness, and com- menced firing in the direction in which it was sup posed their assailant was posted. After firing for a brief space, Sergant Smyth perceived that he was disabled by a bullet in the arm. It was supposed that in this outrage there were three men concerned. We shall now content ourselves with briefly enu- merating the later and minor offences of this blood thirsty villain. On the 30th October last, he committed a rob- bery under arms at, the Yombrie Station. On the 23rd November, he plundered a mail from Denili- quin ; and on the 11th of the following month one from Sydney. On the same day he robbed Man- ton's store at Bcechworth, and wounded a China man at Kyamba Gap. Two days afterwards he plundered two hawkers ; and on the 6th of last month he dangerously wounded a shepherd at Wal- landool. To sum up in a few words ; Morgan murdered three men ; dangerously wounded with intent to kill four others ; plundered three mails, and com- mitted ten other robberies under arms. A few days since he appears to have crossed into Victoria, and, after having stuck up the station of Mr Evans on the King River, set fire to the corn and hay stacks, and committed other depredations, to have proceeded to Peechelba Station, where he met his death. A new gas company is being formed in Mel- bourne, to be named The Union Gas Company. At the Emongelly diggings (N. S. W.) water is selling at 4s 6d the bucketfull. A correspondent in the S. A. Register of Sa- turday last, states that there are no unemployed in Adelaide who would refuse a job. Upon the farm of Mr Dainty, Castlemaine, re- cently destroyed by the bush-fire, a number of fruit trees which were severely scorched and rendered leafless, have since put forth blossoms. Upon some of the vines also, which did not escape severe in- jury, small bunches of grapes are being thrown out. NEW GOLDFIELD- The discovery of a new and apparently important goldfield is hinted rather mysteriously in the following paragraph from the Geelong Advertiser :— ' The cheering intelligence reached us from a most reliable source, that lands for the purpose of gold mining have been leased in large blocks, together equal to an area of 30,000 acres, for periods varying from 14 to 20 years, at an average rent of £5 per acre for the whole term —say a total of £170,000. These lands are within a circuit of 50 miles from Geelong ; and there is an expectation that a still larger area will be ulti- mately, and perhaps speedily, brought into use for similar purposes.' We LEARN (says the Argus) that the committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed to inquire into Mr Bury's claims in connection with the coal fields of Cape Paterson, and the circumstances of the field generally, adopted a resolution at their last meeting in favor of a survey being made by the Railway department of the country between Cape Paterson and Western Port Bay, and also a flying survey of the land between the Cape and Brighton, with a view to the possible construction of a railway or tramway. Some such step as this is necessary to the development of our only known coalfield. Destructive Fires.— On Friday evening last, the Victoria Hotel, Woodend, was totally destroyed by fire. The flames extended, to the. dwelling house of a man named Luney, which, with a large portion of the furniture, was also destroyed— On Saturday, about midnight, a destructive fire toolk place at Daylesford, in a street leading from a Jamiesons Hotel to the township. A hay and corn store, a large drug store, and three other houses were totally destroyed. GIPPS Land Trade.— The trade of Gipps Land seems to be rapidly increasing, the many and im portant discoveries of new goldflelds there having attracted both population and capital. In connec- tion with this subject the Times of Friday last re- marks: - ' Eight fine draught horses arrived per Keera from Melbourne, for carrying purposes. Several more are expected. Such is the quantity of goods arriving that there are not sufficient drays in the district to convey them to their destination as speedily as desired. It is becoming more appa- rent every day that the tram or rail is requisite for the trade of a district that is destined to be the most valuable gold-producing portion of Victoria. 