VICTORIA. "WE. havo files from Melbourne to February 28\. The Argus of that date states : The most oppressive weather experienced during the present summer prevailed yesterday. A fierce hot wind blew all the morning, the gusts being as unpleasant ás furnace blasts, and yet there was an almost entiro absence of sun- shine, and the therimometer in tho shade regis- tered no moro than 98 deg. At times it was positively painful to walk along tho streets of tho city, and it was impossible, from tho dust, to see a dozen yards in advance. Tho bush-fires which ragod during tho day not far from Mel- bourne probably contributed to tho ovorpower in g heat. Karly in the ovening tho reflection of a great conflagration was observed in the direction of Geelong ¡ and accounts received in tho course of the day show that thore was quito a lino of bush- fires between that town and Ballarat. Our telegrams stato that the weather in the interior was far moro sovoro than in Melbourne j that bush-fires were in unpleasant proximity to Bal- larat, Sandhurst, Daylesford, and othor towns; that forests were a-blazo, and that homesteads had boen destroyed. It is to bo fcarod that within tho noxt day or two wo shall have to publish a long list of losses. About fivo o'clock the wind changed-a breeze arose from tho southward ; and later in the evening rain com- menced falling, and continued for somo time. During the gale in tho afternoon, tho paddock known as a portion of tho Pheonix-park cstato, Brunswick, becamo ignited, from somo unex- plained causo. Owing to the fact of a largo body of mon who were at work in the neighbor- hood ropniring immediately to the scone, with bags, &c;, the r-'ro was confined to tho paddock. Wo aro informod, says the same journal, that it is proposed by tho friends of the hto Bight Bov. Dr. Geoghnn, Bishop of Adolaido and Goulburn, to commemorate his public services to Victoria, as its first Catholio missionary, by purchasing from England a memorial window of stoined glass, for tho great westorn window of St. Patrick's Cathedral. A magnificent design by Hardman, valued at £1000, the subject of which is the Ascension of our Lord, has been submittol for this purpose, and approved of by the bishop and arohitoct of tho Church. A likeness of the late bishop will bo introduced amongst the crowd of awe-stricken byestanders, with a suitable scroll, intended to bo an ever- lasting memorial of tho affectionate esteem of tho subscribers, and an ever- present appeal for tho prayers of the faithful in his behalf. Sub- scription lists will bo prepared in the course of a few days, and left ut tho principal banking establishments and publio places in Melbourne. Tho Argus montions, among tho amusing incidents arising out of tho rapid mode of dis- posing of unopposed insolvents and tho in- firmity of deafness, which occasionally enliven that Btaid matter-of-fact tribunal, the Insolvent Court, the following:-Yesterday, February 27, one of the impecunious, whose caso had at the samo moment been called and disposed of, on the pro forma system, answored tho call by solemnly ascending tho witness-box. Being one of the exiled of Israel, the insolvent put on his bat, doubtless presuming that ho was about to bo sworn, and took the Old Testament in his hand. The Commissioner: "You have ob- tained your certificate." The insolvent, imagin- ing that ho had been asked his name, declared his patronymic. " You havo obtained your certificate, lair," again said the Commissioner, with n smile. "I livo at-," answered the Hebrew. " I tell you, Sir, you havo obtained your certificate," said tho Commissioner, for the third and loudest time. Tho certificated in- solvent quickly uncovored, nnd mado his exit amidBt general' laughter at a sufficiently absurd exhibition of cross purposes in the witness- box. That Victoria, under free trodo, is fast becoming a manufacturing country, is proved, says the Argus, by tho fact, shown in the official returns, that in 1863 we exported sovonty-two articles of local manufacture, of tho aggregato value of a quarter of a million ster- ling. Becently a gentleman in Collingwood re- ceived an order for the construction of a blue- stone pier, to bo erected in tho province of Auckland. The stone (about 18,000 nubio feet) is to bo quarried, cut, dressed, and fitted here, prior to its shipment to its final destination. It, howover, by protective legislation wo increase tho cost of living, and, by consequence, the rate of woges paid in Victoria, wo may expect a dis- continuance of orders of this kind, as m that event they may be executed on more advan- tageous terms elsewhere; so that protection H .essentially a working man's question, and ho wiu bo the first to Buffer from its pernicious opera- tion ; while it is equally certain that capitalists will transfer their capital to other colonies, tlius drying up the sources of employment hero. Au important undertaking has been com- menced in the Biverino district, which is de- scribed by tho Deniliquin Chronicle as follows. -" Desailly's Canal, which is to bring water from the Lachlan into a dry creek, will open up thirty miles of country, and give water frontages «f no less than sixty miles. Tho canal van M eleven miles long, and eleven and a bait tea deep, and the contractor who has undertaken tho wo k is bound to coinp^to it, under heavy penalties, early in June, eighty navvies liara already been sent forward. The cutting is w follow the course of an existing billabong, ana consists in lowering the bed of it from seveuteei feet and a half above the bed of the river to m feet; consequently, when the Lachlan has moro than six feet of water in it, thoro will be a flood into the dam. It is not out of place to remark that the existing land law affords no protection for such works as tlioso though unquestionably the greatest of all improvements. If no restriction bo placed on free selection thero is nothing to prevent the sixty miles of frontage cronton by Mr. Desailly being seized by others ; in fact, tho only protec- tion tho projector has is tho supposed unfitness and the remoteness of the country. Surely the state should either undcrtako such work itself, or protect those who do. With reforence to the capital required for reclaiming somo of these blockt", it may be mentioned that timber neces- sary for these works, n3 well as for wool-shods and the like, has to bo carted sixty miles." Of some industrial resources of tho interior, the Riverine Herald speaks as follows :-" We are not aware whether any competent person Has ever turned his attention to the gums and resins to be found on tho Murray. Dr. Mueller, we know, has published some valu- able remarks on the subject, but although that gentleman has been an extensive tra- veller, it is quito possible some of these natu- ral productions may have escaped his obser- vations. We allude to the subject now be- cause a peculiar gum has lately been brought to our remembrance, which is to be found on the Lower Murray, below Swan-Hill. It exudes from a small tree called by some of the settlers the juniper, and by others the sandal-wood tree. The gum is almost black, burns like sealing wax, and emits a slightly fragrant scent when lighted. It is used a good deal by the blacks for fastening the heads on to their spears. The wood of the tree, when green, makes a capital substitute for torches, as it will burn in a flame until totally consumed. There are immense forests of it in the back country of the Lower Darling. At a short distance from Lake Tyrell, to the westward of Swan-hill, there exists a small lake, the bed of which is composed of a substance resembling red ochre. We have seen it used by some of the settlers for marking sheep. 'I he blacks get it to paint themselves with. It has been thought by some persons to be cinnabar, but this opinion we believe to be erroneous. It might, however, doubtless be turned to account, and can be ob- tained in large quantities." 