TOWN TALK. ch of our readers as are interested would ll to remember that the election of office- rs for the Gippsland Land Building and tment Society takes place at the Council mber on Monday at eight o'clock, p.m. [We] are sorry to learn that on the evening [of th]e 4th instant, about six o'clock, another [ser]ious attempt (the second this season) made by some person to burn all that grass in the large Airly paddock nearest and from what we learn of the sys tic manner in which it was gone about, ave no doubt as to what the scoundrel's tions were when he set fire to such a ock of grass. We are glad to hear that more than a hundred acres was burned, also that the rascal was seen and may yet entified and brought to justice. [Th]e Committee of the Gippsland Hospital yesterday for the purpose of considering plans sent in, in accordance with the ad- ement. The plans were seven in num and required long and careful considera- the internal arrangements of a building uch a purpose being obviously a matter greater importance than the architectural [appe]arance of the exterior. One design at ed general attention, and to it the first ium was awarded, subject to the condi- that the architect satisfy the committee ??? portion can be erected for the nt at their disposal. There can only be regret experienced on examining this de- viz., that means are not available for its ion at once. It is certainly a proof that ave amongst us, in its designer, an archi- of no mean ability, and we congratulate Anderson on his success in this, his first c display in Gippsland, of his professional irements. The second premium was ded to Mr. Poeppel, whose design was dered the best for a complete hospital on all scale, while Mr. Anderson's will, completed, be adapted rather to the than the present requirements of the ct. The committee have before them a ult task, to decide which of the two es they will pursue. We have no doubt will exercise a sound discretion in com to a decision, and we have great satisfac- ion knowing that in either case the in on will be well seconded by the archi whose plans they have selected for the iums. [Ou]r Bruthen correspondent under date December, informs us that the Messrs. ey arrived in that township on the 24th the first consignment of wool from Mr. Riddell's station, of Gillengall, who was first settler in that remote region, although then several other important stations been formed. Our correspondent also s that great credit is due to the Messrs. ey for the energy they have bestowed in ing up a new mountain track, which they as being superior to those to Omeo or [Mou]nt Pleasant. Much praise is also due to Messrs. Riddell who have themselves e the expense of clearing the track in tion. [M]r. Barry, the contractor now erecting the ish church at Salo has shown us. some ?ens of brick, moulded cape, etc., mann ired out of kaolin, a description of clay' y known as one of the two 'inigrdents ental porcelain. The clay was brought n Rosedale and burnt at Sale, but he as us i that there in also abundance of it in immediate vicinity of Sale. This appears a very fine description of kaolin, being rkably pure, clean, and forming a brick I ard as stone. In England it is usually ined from China and costs about £25 per Mr. Barry states that this clayas found ippalaud is capable of being applied to ?.t any purpose in ornamental building. believe he was the first to discover its able properties, and practically to show t it is capable of, and has thus initiated I t must some day become an important stry. Considerable quantities of .this lin brick are being used for ornamenting neow church, where samples of fancy idings, etc., may be seen by those into. t ed in this important matter.. ' . The present, is, without doubt, a most pros- perous season for North Gippsland. It is a ...tion if ever in this colony there has been ,,, generally abundant crops of wheat as are now being conveyed to the several stockyards in this district ; forty to fifty bushels to the acre being ...el of with every confidence. In some loca- ities, however, the oats are somewhat light, but ...t that is by no means a general complaint, in ...lenced by several samples sent to our office of the most luxuriant description. One parcel, grown by Mrs Buntine, at Flynn's Creek, near Traralgon, equals anything we have yet seen anywhere; and our attention has also been drawn to a very superior sample grown by Mr. ...ith at Clyde Bank, Altogether the farmers' prospects are golden. The weather for this ...me time has been so intensely hot that the probabilities are we will soon have heavy thunder showers, and perhaps the farmers will ...cuse us reminding them of the necessity of preparing their stacks for such an eventuality. Many will not have forgotten the damage done ... the February flood this season three years. On the evening of the 4th inst., a fire boe out in one of the Airlie paddocka, hich there is every reason to believe was ilhlly and maliciously caused; and in tils y's iaune will be found an advertisement ering a reward of £100 for such infornms: on as will lead to the conviction of the ender. This, however, is not the only fire hdh has takeno place lduring the season in is dlistrict. Clydobank, the adjoining run Airlio, has twice boon burnedl in parts, rough, as is supposed, the gross careless ns of sotnme person camping on or dropping liglhted matchl while riding over it. Tihe aokl of others has also been frequently seen ithe neighbourhood of the town, and, ithough they have hitherto been confined a comparatively limited area, there is no arautee that tlhey may not at any time trat forth, and inlvolve manny of our tackowners andi farmers in one common u. Oiing to the almost unprecedented ryness of the present seacson, grass food in h district is remarkably scarce; and whern azing operations are so extensively carried n, its preservation becomes a matter of imn perative necessity. Seeing, then, that the grass is at present so inflammnable, too much care cannot be exercised by those who have ??? travel through the bush. A ??? o, carelessly dropped, a spark ??? or ??? into thoughtlessly left unextinguished, may, in a few hours be the means of devastating a whole district, and inflicting upon many irreparable injury. There is no room to doubt that bush-fires do frequently occur in this manner; but there is also an equally as grave suspicion that they are fully as often the hand worth of an incendiary. It is a well known fact that there.are many idle scoundrels roam. ing through the country who from no other motive than mere senseless malice frequestly pespetuate such actions. But although this is known, they watch their time so well, and con. duct their operations so secretly, that it is almost impossible to catch them in the act, and unless this be done the chances of sheeting home a conviction become slender indeed. It is very easy for them to trump up a story of an acci* dent, and express their sorrow at its occurrence. and so escape the just vengeance of the law. Too many we are sorry to say, walk scatheless fromns our courts upon the faith of such excuses. We hold, however, that no such excuses, except in very rare instances, should be tolerated. If any one through carelessness injure his neigh. hour he should be made to pay the penalty, and more especially is this instance, where the m,ngistrates possess the power of inflicting a very heavy one. ' It is mistaken leniency in such oses to dismiss men with a caution, as it leads to the belief that the penal clauses are only a mere farce intended to terrify, not to be en. forced. A few severe examples would have a here that the Sale Sae gistrates will eet'ttb law in motion, and thus shew to a very large class in this district that they are to be protected in their rights. We would also recommend in creased watchfulness on the part of landowners, and in the eveht of any offenders being din. covered, that nothing should Ie allowed to stand in the way of their being brought .before the justiciary tribunals. The following accounts were on 31st Decem- ber, 1865, lying at the Receipt and Pay Office, Port Albert, for payment :-Allez & Clark, A. Arbuckle, J. Beatty, R. Bruce, P. Buckley, T. F, Bullock (2), J. Croft, H. Clark, T. Clark, W. Craig, J. M. Cummins, W. Davey, J. Day, J. G. Deakin, R. Dyer, J. J. English, J. Fitzgerald, D. Fyffe, A. Fraser (2), C. R. Geoghegan, J. Glass, T. Gleeson, J. A. Gregory, A. Hollings worth, R. Hamilton (2), G. D. Hedley, Hutchi son Brothers, D. J. Ingram, J. Keyte (3), A. Lee, V. Ludwix, P. Lyons, M. Mackintosh, T. H. Mark, T. Matthews, F. McNally, M. McNally, R. G. Morrison, E. Morrow, P. Mor ton, J. McGuire (4), J. McPhall, J. Moloney, M. Molphy, T. Odell, H. S. Palmer, W. Pierce, T. Price (6), P. Rielly, G. Rintoul, R. Royle, D. Sayer (2), C. Seehusen (2), F. Smith, H. Smith, J. Smallman, P. Tainsh & Co., B. Taylor, J. Thomas, A. Thornton, J. Thornton, F. Walsh, Who Vong, G. B. Young. List of Crown grants lying at the Receipt and Pay Office, Port Albert on 31st Dec., 1865 :-W. Allen, J. Brearton, 3; R. A. Burnett, 1; M. Brown; 1 ; H. Burrow, 1,; J. Ball, 2; J. Burton, 1; A. Buntine, 1; J. Bain, 1; R. Clement, 6 J. Carpenter, 3; P. Cahill, 3 E. Campbell, 2 ; E. Cahill, 1;, ,K. Campbell, 1 S. Cavanagh, 1; W. Calvert, 4 ; J. Calvert, 5; H. Coulson, 2 ; J. Collick, 1 ; J, Cromb, ; T. Coto, 1; Dre vermann and another, 1 F. W. Drevermann, 1; H. Davies, 1; A.. Davie, l; J. E., Dunphy, 2 ; E. Eagle, 1; G Fitzgerald, 1 ; G. W. Gib son, 1. C. H. Gerrand, 2; D. Gallacher. 1; D. Grant, 1; H. Hill, 8; G. F. Hardy, 1; J. Hickey, 1; J. Hart, 1.;' T. Huggett, 1; T. Hughes, I G. Holland, 1; J. Imrie, 1; J. Jones, 1; W. Jenner, 1 ; J. W. Jones, 7 ; J James, 10; J..Johnson; 3 S. Jackson, 1'; G. E. Kuch, 2; J. Lightfoot, 2; J. G. R. Light foot,' 2; R. Lake, 1; T. Logue; 1i ;M.: Loe man, 2'; T. Lang;S2 D` McCole, 1"; W. Mont gomery; 2;' G. Mather, 1; C. A. Mitchell, 1; J. Mackintosh, 3; J. McIntyre, 1 ;. J. Mat thews, 3; E. T. Newton the younger, 1: J. Pratt, 1; R. Phillippi. 1; .W. Pearson; 5; R. Parkinson, 1 ; W. Russell, 1 ; L. Reeve, 1 ; J. Rowley, ; J. Reeves, 2 G. Ross, 1 J. A. Rawling, 1; D. Reddan, 5 ; T. Smith, 8 ; E. Scotland, 7i J. Shaw, 1 T Shea, 1; F. Schroeder, 3; M., F, Thomson, 2 ; P. Toole, 2; J. Thoburn, 1; J. Wright, 1; D. Wilson, 1. J. O'Brien is gazetted as the successful tenderer for the supply of provisions to prisoners confined in the Sale gaol during the present year . The Argu of, Wednesday's Adolaido telo. gram reports :-Business is very quiet. Wheat is inquireod for at 8s 8d. Flour firm at front £21 to £22 5s.;' ' Tho Ade, says:-1" Active operations are now being commoeucod for the 'second hatch of elections,,the nominations for Which take place on the 6th inst. We. learn that Mfr. Levi will retiro from Maryborough,'and will contest East Melbourno, 'The 'Opposition candidates for the former place are Messrs J. D. Woot and an . D. 'Iroland, who will be oppoltsed biy lessra Bowman acid' Mason, Ministorialists. Mr. Mangregor is the only candidate in the fleld for Rodney,' antd Mr. Ramsay for Maldon. • For the Murray district thorn are threo--?essre Orr and Drysdale in the oppoiition, and Mr. R. 'Wood in the Ministerial intorosb. .For .tMandurang there are three candidatos-- fossrs Sullivan and Casey, Mitisterianl; 'and Mr. M'Intyro Oppo sition. Mr.' D.Blair will come forward for Crowlnndts 'and with him. Sir. Masoi of Willismctown or AMr. Love, of Geolong. "At. Ararat Mosers I'Lellan and Glrdlcstonl are' opposedl by Mr. Wilson, aitl there will pro. bably he anotlier Slinietorilu candidate also. The two old members, Mossrs Kerford and' i. V. Smith, are as yet unopposed for the Ovons; anti the only oplpoition to Mesars Grant ani Davies at the Avoca is that of SMr. Manuel, which is a mere farce. At Croswick, alsoan, the twi old members, Messrs Frazer and Wheeler, are unopposed." 