^CELEBRATED JUDGMENT, j Delivered by Mr. Chief Justice Periwinkle of Barataria — Be Chuckster, arraigned for larceny. 'In this case it will- be remembered that ope \- Amos Chuckster, in the Colony of Barataria, and in the city of Dowhoiaba, was charged with stealing a spade, the property of Josiah Smith, which was exposed for sale tinder a Verandah in a warehouse in that town. The \- case has certain important legal points con nected with it, and the elaborate decision snbioined will for tbe future, guide the law, courts; whilst, at the time it greatly simplified the intricate question at issue to the minds of the intelligent jury who watched the case. His Honor: Gentlemen of the jury, in this case the name of the prisoner is alledged to be Amos Chuckster, and he is accused of takiug unlawfully, on the first of April, 1898, in the town of Dowhomba, in the Colony of Barataria, a spade from the premises of one Josiah Smith, where it was exposed for sale. It is now my duty to draw your attention to certain points io the evidence, and to instruct you upon the law of the case. The learned coucsel for the prisoner has made an address, the eloquence of which has elicited my intense admiration, whilst the reply of the learned gentlemen who appeared on the other side is, I. think you will agree with me, traequallcd for its acuteness and ratiocination. At the same time it is now my duty to divest your mind of any possible false impressions which the speeches of those learned counsel may. have left on your minds — .assuming sUch expressions to be false— and ° also, to calmly view the evidence from a judicial point. It is also my duty to tell you the law upon the various points, whilst it is ydUr duty to consider the weight to be attached tofthe testimony of eachjwitness, and also the] eide upon which the weight of evidence' j preponderates. In the first place we learn from Smith that he bad a spade on the day named exposed for sale on his verandah. How the question for the jury to consider was 'Whatis a spade.' Tbey must not hastily assume according to popular notions, that a spade was a spade. The law in these cases — where a man's personal liberty, reputation, and future prospects in life were at stake— required actual proof of every allegation. Now, according to that eminent authority Bishop Berkely, for whose written opinions he had .always entertained the highest respect— a 'spade was not a~ spade, or no solid or liquid substance had any actual existence exterior to a man himself, but were merely emanations from the brain acting in conjunction with the . . . ' nerves ; ia fact, to use the terse words of an eminent poetical philosopher, ' Nought was everything and everything was nought.' On the other hand, the learned Samuel Johnson' for whom he had the greatest admiration, had delivered a different dictum, and illustrated it by pinching the leg of a man who was arguing ~ against the actual existence of objects or sensations; thereby causing the party thus pinched to rcry out, and thus creating the feeling of physical pain — whence tbe learned gentleman referred to deduced the fact that 31 pain did exist. It was for the jiiry to consider theise points of fact, but it was his duty to tell thern that in law the British Constitution did rec»ghize a spade. (Coles on Coke, cap 1). A spade was described as an instrument for digging or cutting the ground, consisting of a fcroad and nearly rectangular blade of iron with -^handle. Now,' it should be for the jury to decide whether the instrument, produced in evidence answered to this description. It would be remembered that the learned and jngenious counsellor the defence, had raised a preliminary objection to the words of tbe indictment, which did not state whether the spa^e was the agricultural instrument, or one out of a pack of cards but, in order to pro mote the ends of justice, he had allowed the indictment to be amended, application of the, xjCtraSsel for the prosecution. They next had to insider whether the spade did belong to Tobias iSmith. It' certainly was found In hisposses sjon.and was exposed for sale in his warehouse. Smith had also sworn that it was . bought aad mid for, and produced a written document known in coinmercial circles by the name of an \- invoice. Bnt how were the jury to know that 3oGumeutjw$s not spurious. They had not 7„{bwed the, ownership of the metal and wood, ^^'^sfiic^ai3ie..^de-i'was -composed. They might have been stolen, and sold to the manufac turer by iadirect means. The spade would dhen be property not legitimately acquired . jor^jaHy. Jt was for the jury to consider all \- these questions, at the same time it was his * duty to tell them that as there was no rebut ting evidence as to the ownership of the spade, they might fairly come to the conclusion that Smith was the owner. The next question to j S rfWhich he would refer was to the identity of 1 \- ?Smith. -39ow--.it was his duty to^ell the jury -. IbaFao evidence had been adduced to show or ' _$)rpi!0_that;he was not Smith; and these were Jail Walters; whichTit behoved the jury to take iinto their consideration. Because a man did ! * Jiappen personally to cultivate an acquaintance S iwith himself it did not of necessity follow that jhewas a bad character. An eminent Greek Jesuit had laid down the admirable maxim, *1. gaWia seaufcon Valpy, Greek Delectus, .page 3 asi-4, Middle Temple edition. Another ' eminent Latin authority, in the days of ancient Some, had laid It down as a sound legal and social maxim in tbe Celebrated words,' Nosce ite '—(Edinburgh Delectus, page 5.) Whilst another -celebrated authority, whose name was lost to posterity, but who was au evident inha bitant of the British Isles, had laid it down as -a strong point, referring to men individually — .that ' He should be a good boy and take care ,of -himself' — (Comic Songster., Law Courts Edition, page 21.) Thus it was very difficult, as could be seen from the authorities quoted, for a man to know himself ; and it would be for the juiy to decide — after mature considera tion — whether the man had identified himself, or whether the learned counsel, for the Crown, 3iad destroyed his identity, or whether the pri soner had recognised himself, and been enabled to cultivate his own personal acquaintance ? It was a very difficult thing for any juiy to de cide' as to whether a man knew himself. It was well known that at times a man placed himself in such a condition overnight that he could not identify himself in a looking-glassin the morning. — (Reports on Sprees ; Jones* Edi tion, Queen- street publication, page 25.) Also, he would refer to another reuorted case. : which bore out his remarks— (Crabbe v. Cold Boiled Ham, Williams and Wilson's Records, page 2.03.) It' was cleary asserted by these judg ments referred to that any man who set up a plea of self-identification must either swear to Iiis own personality, or else have that self identification proved bycircumstantial evidence. Now, in this case, the sole evidence as to iden tity was that of the prosecutor, to the effect that he believed his name was Smith. ~~ Hie had never produced his . parents, and he had also failed to produce -his nurse. Thus the ? fury were thrown on the testimony of the wit ness alone. a$ to whether the name of this party to the suit was Smith. Evidence had been given that a certain-Smith, named Tobias as a prefix for . a surname, was a . Smith, b;ut the question, which, in a judicial capacity, he had ; to put, was — Was he the Smith? The Smiths were roaming about the world, .and, owing to the difficulty of identification, were , inflicting 'itiudmerabie injuries upon society.; f 'There were virtuous Smiths and . Jviciojis Smiths ; there were Smiths vvrth aubiirii hair. Smiths with black -hair, Smith's with red hair, and Smiths wijih. brpwn_hair. .It would be for the jury to decide as to whether that was a vir tuous Smith or a vicious Smith, and according to their conclusion the question of identifica tion would be -disposed of. The next matter thee, after-the identification, was as to the be haviour of the prisoner under arrest, and the conclusions to be deduced under the circum stances as to prisoner's guilt. If a man sang the ' Ratcatcher's Daughter,' or ' Old John Brown,' when arrested on a criminal chaTge, it might be argued that he was insane. — (Caunan on Woogaroo. page 21 ; Challinor's Records, Murphy's Edition, page 6.) At the same time if he had the vocal musical faculties highly developed he might in, a state of great excite ment, be induced to burst forth into song. Thus the mere exhibition of vocal faculties should not be considered as absolute proof of monomania or insanity — (Cider Cellar Reports, cap. 2 ; Evans on Devilled Kidneys, page .5-7 ; Catherine Wright's Castlereagh-street Records, -jth case.) It would be for the jury to decide as to the state of the prisoner's mind at the time. In conclusion, it was his duty to tell the jury that they must arrive at their own verdict, aud as the world was alleged to be created 4004 years B.C. — although he could not vouch for the truth of the allegation — it was the duty of the jury to take the matter into consideration, and not to bring a verdict against the prisoner unless they thought the evidence justified it. — D. D. Gazette. Embrvo-Boshbakgers. — By a private letter from the Macquarie River we learn that a young man, about eighteen years of age, armed with an old gun, came some days since to a camp of four men (teamsters), and ordered them to 'bail up-' They did so immediately like bra va men, with the exception of one, tbe oldest of tbe party, j who refused; and running to the dray armed himself with a pair of hames. The bushranger attempted twice to fire, but the gun would not go off, so he himself sloped, leaving the three men panic-stricken, never attempting to capture him. The old man's little boy told the bushranger that he had better be off as his father ' meant it,' which remark no doubt accelerated his flight. I am sorry to say, remarks the writer, that the next case I have to notice had not so fortunate a termination. Four horsemen armed with pistols, rode up to Mr. Blacket's storekeeper, Wombandry, in the evening after dark, calling him out of his : house, as if requiring to make purchases in the store. They then made him prisoner, rifled the cashbox, and robbed the store. Doubtless, tbey would have met with resistance, but for the 'Tuse ' they used in getting Mr. Blackett away from the house where he kept his arms, tvbich fact was doubtless known to them. I have s\nce heard one of the bushrangers has been shot by the police.-— Western Examiner. Shocking Gon Accident akd Loss of Two Lives. — The Clarence and Michmozd Examiner of the 2nd instant, states:— On Tuesday last news reached Grafton from Ulmarra, to the effect that in firing the signal gun that morning, on board the 'Grafton,' steamer, which vessel was engaged as flagship for the Ulmah-a Regatta, the wad had struck some parties standing in the shed on the bank, blowing the head of a child named O'Brien completely away, and shattering the arm of one William Robinson, who was being con veyed in a boat for medical aid at Grafton, where he arrived about three o'clock the same Afternoon, and was immediately removed to the Grafton Hospital, and, in the absence of Dr. Smith, the services of Dr. Belinfante were sought, when that gentleman attended at once, and did everything that lay in his power to restore Robinson, but his case from the -first was almost hopeless, although he stood the amputation of his arm— the operation of which was . skilfully performed by Dr. Belinfante — with great fortitude. Robinson, who was sensible to the last, expired about an hour and a half after the operation. This sad affair threw a complete' gloom over the whole company present, the captain and officers of the vessel evidently feeling very acutely the pain occasioned to the relatives of the deceased i by. the accident. It is satisfactory to learn, however, that there was no drinking or spieeing of any kind whatever going on at the time of the accident, and that every precaution had been taken by the captain and officers or the steamer to avert such a calamity. . Monster Petition. — The most numerously signed, and the most ponderous petition ever laid on the table of the Legislative Council, was presented yesterday against the Five per cent . ad valorem duties Bill, by the Hon. A. Campbell. It bore 9000 signatures, was nine ioehes wide, and 230 feet long! As the hon. gentleman went to unroll it. in order to read the prayer of the petition, it presented a very formidable appearance, and required the atten tion of the officers of the House to steady it as it lay on the President's desk under examina tion. It was stated that all the signatures were affixed in four days, and by merchants, bankers, tradesmen, and other citizens — in fact, by the most influential in the community. — Empire. St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney. — This magnificent edifice is slowly progressing towards completion. Nothing is now required but the efforts of the architect and the artificers to fit the cathedral for public worship. There are plenty of funds, and it is to be hoped that there will be no delay in pushing on the work. So far as the interior work has progressed, it does infinite credit to all concerned. Every detail is being carried out in a most substan tial and costly manner; the windows that are already in their places are tbe most beautiful that have ever graced a church in the southern hemisphere, and when the whole are completed, St. Andrew's will present an appearance that will remind one of some of those glorious ecclesiastical structures at home. The Gothic woodwork that ornaments the ceiling is of the most elaborate carved oak; the ceiling itself is of a beautiful azure color, studded with ^ilt stars, and at intervals, ornamental vermillion rafters traverse the ceiling from north to south the whole length of the cathe dral. The carved panels of ihe altar screen are most beautifully executed; every one of them is a perfect work of high art in oak carv ing. This portion of the work will take up wards of twelve months to complete. Slowly as the work necessarily proceeds, it is gratify- , irig to know that, when finished, St. Andrew's Cathedral will be the most perfect Gothic ecclesiastical edifice south of the equator. — Empire. Loss of the Mission Bbig John Wesley. — The following particulars are taken from the vessel's log Friday, November 17th, bound from Haabai to Tongatabu. Cleared the group at 5 p m., at 6 abreast the island of Namuka, at 10 p.m. reduced all sail to double-reefed topsails, moderate breeze and fine, wind E N E, course S by E. . Saturday, November 18th, a.m., vessel going easy under tbe two double reefed topsails only ; at 2 a.m. saw the island of Eu3 bearing SS W ; wore ship round, head off shore, and lay-to waiting for daylight ; at 4 a.m. still laying-to, nothing unusual at this .time; at:4'20 suddenly found tlie vessel in a strong race of current ; 6aw a reef to leeward, and ship sweeping down upon it with great .force; filled on and made sail, but before we could get enough canvas on, the vessel struck .on the reef at 4-30 a.m. ? It proved to be the Tau Beef, about eighteen miles from Nukualofa, in Tongatabu. ,Lowerecl.the port quarter-boat, and . fceat away to, Nukualofa for .assistance,. This was' done with great , risk, as the vessel was striking heavily at tlie time. Watched the j opportunity, and got the starboard quarter-boat : over to the port side, and got her out to land the missionaries. Just at this time — 5 a.m. — three tremendous tidal waves carried the vessel clear over, the outer edge of the reef, and left her nearly dry ; it being near high water, it was with the greatest difficulty we saved the boat from being stove in or drawn under the ship with the rebound and drawback of tbe waves; at length succeeded in getting the missionaries and ship's papers in the boat, and landed them on the island of Tau, 1J mile dis tant. - At 6, 'got the large boat out and com menced saving provisions, stores, cargo, &c.; At 4 p.m., the Vice-Consul and two mission aries came from Nukualofa and reported a very severe shock of earthquake felt all over Tonga at high water, and a very high tide — higher than the oldest native could ever remember — doing great damage ; and at Eua washing the dead bodies out of the graveyards. This ac counts for the strong race of current and tidal waves. Also, ia shock of earthquake felt the night before. At 6 p.m., all hand3 went ashore and rigged tents, it being unsafe to remain on board ; ship lying on lier beam ends and water flowing in and out with the tide. J. Welch, Master.' The brig was subsequently stripped, nothing being left in her but the lower masts, and the hull was then sold for £48. The Alia California, of November 21, says, at a meeting of the British Benevolent Society, which was held there, addresses in honor of the late Lord Palmerston were made, and the fol lowing resolution was adopted : — ' Resolved, That in the sudden death of Lord Palmerston, late Premier of Great Britain, this Society re cognises an almost irreparable loss, which will be mourned by all persons of British birth and origin, and t»y the friends of liberal civilisation throughout the world ; and that the departed statesman was, in the best and truest sense, an exponent of individual greatness, of lofty patri otism, and of broad and generous humanity, whose influences will be beneficially felt while civilised society endures, and whose memory — pre-eminently dear to Britons — is under the common protection of mankind. Resignation of Mb. Plunkett. — Soon aftjer Mr. Plunkett's arrival from Melbourne, by the steamer on Sunday morning, he was informed that Mr. Burdekin had been gazetted as Colo nial Treasurer. Early yesterday morning he called at the Colonial Secretary's office, in re ference to theappointment(of which he appeared to have had no previous intimation), but Mr. Cowper had not returned from the country. Mi. Plunkett, however, left a letter for the Premier stating that he had heard with very great as tonishment of Mr. Burdekin's appointment as Colonial Treasurer, that he could not recognise in that gentleman a single qualification for the office, that he could not place any confidence in his ability or his experience, 'and that he must decline to acknowledge him-as a colleague ; he was therefore, although with much regret, compelled to resign his seat in the Ministry, and would only hold the office of Attorney General till his successor was appointed. He would, however, be happy to use his influence as a member of the Legislative Council, in assisting the passing of the financial measures of the Government. Mr. Plunkett afterwards waited upon the Governor, and tendered his resignation, which, however, his Excellency declined to accept.— S. M. Herald. Bush Fibes.— Those who know the value of grass in a season like the present, and those who are compelled to live in an atmosphere of 105° in the shade, cau appreciate the heavy loss and the intolerable nuisance arising from bush fires. Owing to the want of a legislative enacment, such as the one in force in Victoria and South Australia, imposing heavy penalties on persons setting fire to grass, there is no check of this kind of incendiarism in New South Wales. Generally about the month of January and February in each year, the country settlements are surrounded by con flagrations on every side. Thousands of acres of valuable pasturage, and miles of fencing are annually destroyed, whilst the inhabitants of a town like Albury often have to turn out two or three times a week to beat away the bush fires from the outside farms. Not merely property, but ' sometimes life itself is endangered by these visitations, for it is impossible people can lie down to rest in safety when the ranges all around them are illuminated by. au advancing line of fire extending for. miles ; leaving behind it thou sands of -blazing logs which light up the landscape so as to make it present the appearance of an immence city after nightfall. We are sorry to say most of these fires are the result of gross carelessness. We look upon the man who starts a bush fire as being equally criminal with the man who thrusts a firestick into the farmers haystack. The grass is the sole dependence of the grazier ; it is as valuable to him as the standing wheat crop is to the agriculturist. Moreover there is no saying where a bush-fire may stop. It may sweep over the country for scores of miles, and it changes its direction with the ever-varying changes iu the wind. Perhaps by great exertions a number of people may beat it out, but it usually bursts forth again two or three days afterwards to scatter fresh desolation around. Of course when the grass is dry as tinder, fires may be accidentally caused. The friction of dry branches agitated by the breeze, against one another, or tbe concentration of the sun's rays into a fo.cus through the bottom of a broken bottle— causes like these have been known to produce bush-fires. Yery often it is the match used to light a wayfarer's pipe, which has been thrown down alight — or it may be the smouldring gun-Wad of some cockney sportsman. Persons camping out and leaving the camp-fires unextinguished, are, however, the chief causes of bush-fires. An instance of this occurred on Mr. Dight's run only the other day. An individual (whose name is known) was travelling with cattle, and instead of camping beside one ot the lagoons which are numerous enough at BungoWanah, he lighted bis fire in the long grass and left the embers burniDg. The result wss tbe destruc tion of about 5000 acres of grasss in Dight's home paddock and thelossofalarge portion ofthefence, The - homestead was saved with difficulty, through the assistance of about a dozen men from Brewer's and other farms. Tbe fire started a second time and burnt the fence of Mr. Polton; threatening also a number of other selections. Mr. Dight is of course a heavy loser, and will have to send away a draft or two of cattle, from the scarcity of feed. Certainly he may havei his remedy by civil process if he chooses to go to law, and if the individual causing the loss happens to be in a condition to pay damages. But it is not very often that the originator of a bush fire is dis coverable, and we know one or two other people who have had large paddocks destroyed without being able to ascertain who the offender was. Of course so long as Australia possesses a dry climate, and so long as natural objects enact the part of Prometheus in bring ing down fire from heaven, nothing will put an entire stop to bush fires. But a stringent legislative enactment will do a great deal towards making people more careful; and in that case, instead of seeing fires almost daily, we should only experience them on a few occasions. We are glad to see that Mr. Mate, undeterred by tbe failure of his maiden attempt to pass such a bill, has now moved the Assembly into committee on an early day, to consider the propriety of introducing a bill to. prevent the careless use of fire. Three or four years ago the measure was not such an urgent necessity as it has since become from the increase of settlement, the opening up of diggings here and there, and the dispersal of population through the land. — Border Post. 