THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER * PUBMSHHD DAir.T. PBOOBBSSION, OUR KIOIITH, »KO Olltt It KAOII110 K*. SANDBURST, MONDAY, J.-iN. 8. 18fi6. THE MANDURANG ELECTION". The contest for Mandurang promises to be a very warm one. Messrs. Sullivan and Casey are putting their best leg forward, and Mr. M'lntvre so far from being a whit behind them is displaying all that irrepressible energy which constitutes him so valuable a public man. At the rate at which the meetings are being held there will bo scarcely a corner of the district which will not have the opportunity of hearing the opinions of the candidates. This is one of the I advantages of having & contest. When gen tlemen have things all their own way the electors are apt to be neglected, candidates become careless, hold as few meetings as possible, and say as little aa they con veniently can. Messrs. Sullivan and Casey have certainly caused no great sensation up to the present time. Their speeches contain the usual denunciations of the Council,, praise of the Ministry and appeals to the electors not to allow the Assembly to be deprived of their right of controlling taxation, nor themselves of the existing franchise. They would really be amusing, these frantic appeals to the eleotorB, these prodigious endeavors to work up a great excitement if it were not that the public are really disposed to accept much of the nonsense talked to them; disposed to believe the Ministry very heroic and pure, the late Assembly very patriotic, and everybody opposed to them as fearful scoundrels, the people's enemies, bent on everything likely to prove detrimental to the interests of the country and the cause of good government. The day is not far distant when the people will laugh at the recollection of how thoy were played upon, and how they were asked to believe to be traitors and renegades men who had served them so consistently, faithfully, and with such earnest ness as to leave their honesty and the soundness of their judgment beyond the possibility of doubt. We believe too that they will be more than half ashamed that in a period of passion they could bo easily abandon their old friends for the new lights, the veterans who had proved their worth, for young hands abounding in promises, but without a scar, a medal, pr a tattered color to Bhow when they had been in the wars. There is an old fable about the shepherd who was constantly crying wolf when there was no wolf. Now that is just what . the Ministry are doing ; they are crying wolf and the electors are running together to drive it off; but its all moonshine, there's no wolf. The Ministry .Have played ^a- good card. > They made' a blunder, as they now well know, and inter ie, admit, in taclcing the Tariff Bill to the Appropriation Bill, but the thing once done thoy couldn't get out of it, and the first blunder necessitated a number of othtr outrageous acts, all increasing tho confusion, and making the position of the Ministry one of great danger. There was but ono way of keoping things straight, and that wrb to commit the Assembly as deeply as j tho Ministry. That was no difficult matter ; popular assemblies love to be flattered, and the Ministry took the Assembly into their confi dence, convened meetings of lion, members, submitted. resolutions to them, asked their opinion, and soon had so committed the Hoiias that it was quite impossible for it to draw baok with any deconcy or consistency. By this, too, this advantage was gained, hon. members were made tho advocates of tho Ministry with thoir constituencies, they could not justify their own conduct without praising the Ministry whose proceedings they had approved. But this was not enough, it was possible that the con stituencies might have opinions of their own, differing from those of the Administration and their own representatives, so both set themselves to work to exalt their own merit, to assert that the public liberties were in danger, and that they were the veteran champions who had flown to arms to uphold them. In this guise both Ministers and representatives come before their constituents. Proclaiming their own and each others virtues; their atdent patriotism, and the sins of the Council, they have appealed to the electors to support them, not for their own sakes, oh, dear, no, but for their, the electors' own, to save themselves from all the dire calamities that must enBue if the Ministry be not kept in offioo and Minis terial members returned. And the gentle public has had its feelings quite over come by the pathotio appoal. Ministers and their supporters chuckle over the success of thoir trick, and riding triumphantly on the shoulders of the people have glorious times of it. Well, it's not the first time by many hun dreds that the people have been made use of by scheming politicians. It's not tho first time that the people, whilst patted on the back and assured they were the source of all power, the scourge of all tyrants, the defenders of liberty, have really been the tools of cleverer people themselves. It's a wondrous thing that the people take up this burden so lightly, and do not stop to ask themselves whether things really are as they are represented to be. Whether it may not be the old tale of the man who has committed tho theft crying out stop thief to divert attention from himself. Indeed, gentle public, it is all bunkum, the purest bunkum. The worthies who are busy working you up to an alarming pitch of excitement are doing so to Berve themselves. The franchise is not in danger, nor the Assembly's right of taxation, and if you would only shut the door upon your interested and excited friends for half-an-hour, get your head cool and take a steady look at matters for yourselves, you'd see how you are being played with and recognizing the sterling integrity of the old friends who would'nt con descend to be popular by misleading you, would kick your sham friends out of doors. Mandubanq Election.—Mr M'Intyre will address the electors of Mandurang at the White Horse Hotel, California Gully, this evening, at eight o'clock; and to- morrow evening at half past seven, at the Shamrock Hotel, Epsom ; and at half- past nine at the Sir Charles Hothain Hotel, White Hills. Messrs Sullivan and Casey will address the electors at the Shamrock Hotel, Epsom, this evening, at eight o'clock; and to morrow evening, at eight o'clock, at the California Gully Hotel; and at nine o'clock, at the Welcome Inn, Eaglehawk. Meetings This Dat.—A meeting of the shareholders in the Bendigo Great Extended Company will be held at Mr Stewart's office, Pall Mall, this afternoon, at four o'clock; and in the Whip' Reef Company, at Mr Craig's office, at three o'clock. Qdestjonablb Conveniences.—The conveni ences which are erected on the opposite side of Pall Mall, have during the late hot weather been intnlcrable nuisances. The places leak and emit a horrid stench. The sooner the authorities adopt some means of destroying this auxiliary to fever and cholera the better. The Ltcedm Theatre.—The attendance at this theatre 011 Saturday night was very moderate, nothing surprising when the great heat of the weather is considered. " Richard the Third" was performed, Mr Allen playing the tyrant's part, in which he was loudly applauded. Mr C. Warde, as Richmond, came in for a share of the honors. The burlesque of the "Maid and the Magpie" concluded the performances. To-night, Mr Allen will appear aa Sir Edward Mortimer, in the romantic drama of " The Iron Chest, or the Mysterious Murder." Lepbous Chinkse.—We have been informed that in several of the tents at the Ironbark and White Hills Encampments there are Chinese afflicted with leprosy. On Saturday last our in formant, accompanied by an ictelligent Chinaman, paid a visit to the Camps, and had pointed out to him three tents, on looking into which he saw loathsome oojecta who were — as he was told—suffering from leprosy. The tents in which they were lying are some dis tance apart from the others, and the unfortunate wretches are daily supplied with food by the other Chinese, who subscribe for that pur pose It appears that the police authorities are powerless in the matter, as they are on other goldfields where many similar C3Bes exist. Surely it is high time that the Government, to whom the subject of this serious evil has been reported fre quently of late, started to do something to pre vent the spread of such a dreadful disease. The Eaglehawk Stbam Puddling Compart.— The case of Casey and others v Wilkie and others has been before the public in the Court of Mines for some years, and to all appearances is likely to be bo for some years more. The latest Jdevelop ment of the case is, aa will be seen from an ad vertisement in another column, that execution will be issued against plaintiffs and defendants alike, whether creditors of the estate . or otherwise, whose caliu and contributions shall not have been paid into court hy Tuesday, 9th January. Vaoranct Act.—No fewer than five persons were brought before the Bench at the District Court on Saturday morning, on charges under the clauses of this act. One was discharged with a caution, as he was a stranger in the district, and his previous history unknown to the Bench, but the other four received sentences of imprison ment. Three of these were women of bad cha racter, well known in the neighborhood of Kan garoo Flat. The Fire at Huntlt.—A second inquest on this fire was held on Saturday at the Shamrock Hotel, Sandhurst. The witness Drew repre sented the circumstances as regarded the origin of the fire in a milder light than on the previous occasion, so that the jury at once acquitted Walker, who was present in custody, of the crime of arson, with which he was charged. A Wateh Dispute.—On Saturday evening several of the residents of Golden Point, amongst whom were several women, made a raid on a pudd ling-machine owned.by a party of Italians near the Golden Point, Golden .square. The anger of the residents was raised to a most ungovernable pitch,' owing to the Italians having jumped out the water ofaliolefor the useof their machine ; the bole being the only one on the fiat giving water for. domestic purposes. An attempt to demmish the mill, pumps, &c.;,was at one time most imminent and Had it not been for the timely arrival of the Golden square police d serious disturbance would have occurred. The police took down the names of the Italians for the purpose of summoning them, but on the latter promising not to remove any more water and removing their pumps quietueaa was re stored. Tub Accident to Thos. Clanc*.—On making inquiries at the Hospital last evening we were told that Thos. Clancy, who accidentally shot himself, it was feared fatally, about a fortnight ago, was considerably better, and hopes novf begin tQ bo entertained Um lie toy recovc?. , Benevolent Astldm.—The collector desires to acknowledge the receipt of £0 from the Order of Rechabltea, being a moiety of amount deducted from the caterer to the late pic-nic. Sandhurst oh Saturday Night.—The Moll on Saturday night was very dull, comparatively few persona promenaded about, and the shop keepers complained of the little business done. Probably the extreme heat of the weather and the scarcity of cash just after the holidays were the reasons for this dullness. Even in Charing Cross market there was a perceptible decrease ii the number of visitors and the amount of busi ness transacted. The Reward of Merit.—On New Year's Day, Mr Edward Grey, mining manager to Messrs Latham and Watson, on the Hustler's Reef, received a valuable gold watch from his employers, as a mark of their esteem. It bears the inscription " Presented to Mr Edward Grey, by hiB employers, Messrs Latham and Watson, in recognition of his valuable services as their mining manager. Hustler's Reef, Sandhurst, 1st January, 1866 " Mr Grey has been in the employ of Messrs Latham and Watn.m for seven years, and during the last four as mining manager. The admirable manner in which the works of the mine are conducted bears ample testimony to the ability of the manager. Of the gift the recipient is justly proud. Such acknowledgment promote in a great degree the happy relations which should exi»t between the employer and the em ployed. Post Office Savings Bank.—Return for the week ending Saturday, 6th January: — De positors, 14: amount, L16 6s. Repayments, 3 ; amount, LIS 5s. PunticANs' Licbnses.—A special licensing bench will be held at the Town Hall, on the 22nd inst, and at tile District Court ou the following day, for the purpose of g?autlhg licenses to pub licans' who have neglected to take them out on the 31st December last. Persons wishing to ob tain licenses, on either of the above dates, will have to deposit, in case of application at the Town Mall, the amount of the license at the Bank of Victoria j and for the District Court, to deposit with the Clerk of that Court the same amount at the time of lodging the application. The Weather —The thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs Joseph and Co'a, Pall Mall, on Saturday, as follows:—9 a.m., 88°; noon, 100°; 3 p.m., 101"; (3 p.m., 97°; maximum, 103°; and on Sunday as follows;—9 a.m., 75° ; noon, 87°; 3 p.m., 91°; 6 p.m., 87°; maximum, 95°. During Saturday the sky waB overcast, and towards the afternoon there were heavy dust storms. Masonic Directory for 1866.—We have to acknowledge the receipt of the Masonic Directory for 1866, printed and published by Pearson and Company, Melbourne. The directory contains a list of all the Masonic lodges in the colony, with their officer*, nights of meeting, and all the nccessary information connected therewith. This little book, which is well printed and neatly got up, oliould be in the possession of every brother of the myBtic craft. Extension of the Gab Company's Mains.— The company'o large mains are dow completed from the works to the Royal Hotel in High street, and the connections with the different premises on the route made. The work in con nection with extending the mains to Eaglehawk will be commenced as soon as the plant and material is to hand. Borough Police Court.—The only ease dis posed of by Dr. Pounds, who was on the Bench, on Saturday, in addition to one of drunkenness, in which the offender was fined 5s, was one of insanity, a Chinaman named Ah Hen, who was remanded to gaol for seven days. The Election for Mandurahg.—Dr. O'Don nell has forwardei us his electoral right to Bhow that he has a vote for the forthcoming election for Mandurang, and desires us to say that he is an elector. We can only repeat what we before said, that Dr. O'DonneU's name is not on the roll. A Vebt Large Bubh-fibe has been burning for the last day or two, in the neighborhood of Bag*hot, and has caused the farmers in this dis trict no small amount of anxiety and expense. During the whole of Saturday last, a dense cloud of heavy black smoke was slowly passing across the horizon, and after dark the glare of the flames gave ample evidence of the large extent of ground that was on fire. For many nights the farmers were compelled to be out combatting the approaching enemy, and at one time Mr Clay had upwards of forty men engaged in cutting off the advance of the flames. Messrs Manning, M'Phail, and several other residents have also been nimilarly employed. The whole of the Whipstick scrub is described as being burning at one time for a distance of about thirty miles. The farmers complain, and apparently not without great reason, of the careless habits of the wood splitters and other bushmen, who either leave fires which are not properly extinguished, or carelessly throw down burning matches after lighting their pipes. Another prolific source of bush-fires is the burning wadding discharged from the guns of the legion of sportsmen, frequenting the scrubby country from Reedy Creek to the plains. The utmost circumspection should be observed by those who are engaged in any bush occupation, as the recklessness of one individual may cause the absolute ruin of a score of persons. The act for the prevention of the careless use of fire seems already to have fallen into diouetude. Several smaller firea were observed burning around Bendigo, in the direction of Bullock Creek, RavenBwood, and the Whipstick. Thb Bendigo Hospital.—The report of this institution for the week ending 6th January is ob follows:—Patients in the Hospital on 30th De cember, 96; admitted since, 16—112. Recom meuded by subscribers, 11; accidents, 2; desti tute, 3—16. Of those discharged, there were cured and relieved, 12; died, 4; in Hospital on the 6th January,' 96 ; total, 112. One hundred and twenty persons have received medical and surgical aid and medicines as out-patients during the week. Out-patients are required to attend at the Hospital to receive ad vice and medicines on Tuesday and Friday in each week, at twelve o'clock. The Vagrant Dog Nuisance.—In consequence of the inorense of vagrant and unregistered dogs which have of late become such a nuisance in the streets, the Inspector of the Borough Council has received orders to take up all dogs not duly re gistered, wearing a collar with the owner's nnme thereon This regulation is, we believe, according to the Dog Act. Mind Yooh Pockets,—Some of the light fingered gentry have made Charing Cross Market their field of operations, and especially on Satur day nights. On last Saturday night a woman, named Skelton, whilst standing in the market felt something soft under her feet, end stooping down picked up her portemonnaie empty, but which a lew minutes before contained L2 5s, the whole of her husband's earnings for the week. On the previous Saturday a number of persons had their pockets picked at the same place. Bad Lighting.—For the last few nights the oil street lumps in Rowan-street and about that neighborhood have been either so badly lit or badly trimmed that they have been perfectly useless. 