? -*- ? FARM CALENDAR FOR JANUARY. Notwithstanding the partial damage to the whoat crop, occasioned by hot winds whilst the plant was in bloom, it is now certain that the deficiency will be far less than was at one time expected ; the failures in certain localities being nearly compen sated by crops of extra weight and quality in districts that usually suffer from overabundant moisture. rms is poor comfort for those whose crops have failed, but farming and seasons are pro verbially uncertain, and those who elect to be farmers are well aware of the conditions, and are generally prepared to put up with them. Altogether we do not apprehend a very serious deficiency in wheat, but of hay there must inevitably be a short supply, for only in rare instances and in oertain localities are the crops nearly up to the average. The harvest hitherto having progressed without hin drance from the weather, is in a very forward stage, so that farmers will soon be enabled to commence work for next season. The Stubbles. — The scarcity of .feed will pre vent many farmers from dealing with the stubbles as they would wish, and where the land is good and carries a strong undergrowth of hogweed, it would be rank folly to plough it up at so critical a season. But where everything green is burnt there can be no reason for abstaining from work, except ing perhaps the not uncommon one this season, of the bullocks being too poor to do the work. To the farmers of the highly-favored districts, these suggestions may read oddly, but throughout a large portion of the colony, we are persuaded that working bullocks are in just the condition we have hinted. In many cases, however, the land will need very little working to fit it for the reception of seed ; for rain not having fallen in sufficient abundance to run the soil together, it has really a better tilth than when the last orop was sown. But where feed is not an object, there can be no doubt about the course to be pursued. Scari fying or grubbing the stubbles, if weedy, is by far the best preliminary process, and when the seeds of the weeds have germinated, as they will do after rain, the plough should be set to work. Treated in this. manner the land is kept clean, but where seed bearing weeds are ploughed down it is permanently fouled, for at every subsequent ploughing a quantity of weed seeds are brought to the surface whore they germinate with the crop. Autumn Green-feed. — In the continued absence of rain there will, of course, be nothing of the kind, but in the hope of a chance a good breadth of land should be kept ready for sowing at any moment with ninety-day maize, rye, or white tur nips, according to the locality, the first being adapted for warm districts and the two last for cool oneB. In six weeks either of these will afford a considerable quantity of feed, and we know of no thing else that is readily obtainable in quantity that will do so. The value of lucerne for summer feed has been shown so unmistakeably this season that a great extension of the area under this crop is certain to follow. In allotting this land for next season's cropping, a fair proportion of low-lying deep soil should be set aside for luoerne ; and this land it may be advisable to plough at once, so that rains when they occur may penetrate the subsoil and thus facilitate the operations to which it should be subjected. Potatoes. — The early orops in dry localities are making a second growth, and where the yield would be less than half a ton to the acre, it will be wisest to allow them to do so and take the chance of a larger return. It would also be good polioy to make a further planting in suitable localities, for this may turn out a far better venture than the spring one. For manure, guano and bone dust are preferable to stable dung at this season. Mangels. — Should rain.ocour quiokly, a few more of these and of carrots also, may be sown in low moist situations, but as they will not be avail able as feed until July or August, the probability of their being wanted at that season will have to bo considered. Whore dairy cows are kept, there can be no question with regard to the polioy of having a supply of these, to last until the pastures are well forward. For pigs, also, in styes, mangels are in dispensable at all seasons. Dairy Stock.— The falling off in the milk sup plies, incidental to the decline in the condition of the stock, has of lato seriously affected the pro sperity of the dairy interest. To attempt to main tain the whole herd in milk would be bad polioy ; the worst milkers should be turned off to dry, and those that are retained for milking should have the best pasture and as much sucoulent feed as can be spared for them. The small potatoes, which are abundant, will be useful here; indeed, much may be done in hand-feeding a few cows that could not be praotised with a number; a small paddock of lucerne regularly cut, not depastured, will keep a large quantity of dairy stock in profitable condi tion. Tobacco. — It will bo useless to make further sowings of tobaooo after the middle of the month; hence, unless heavy rains ? occur we would not re commend that it be tried. The first crop, such as it is, is ohiefly fit for gathering, i Thosa who have githered the leaves singly should. . cut down the stalks as soon. as the cVop has heon'takeu, in order to obtain a aecond growth from tuq pluut, on whioh the /strongest shoot only should be left; all the reat should be rubb'ed off before they attain any size. ? ? ? t , .' ?? ' '. :t.i '. . ?: - ? Bush-fires. — Owing to the dryness of the season these are likely to be of frequent occurrence, and extra care will be demanded to prevent their spread. We may suggest that rieks should as far as pos sible be isolated, and not congregated together in a stack-yard, for when thus placed the whole are sure to be lost on the occurrence of a fire. One of the best plans we have seen is to burn the ground to the extent of an acre or so wherever, a rick is to be made; and when finished, to rake it quite bare. If the land be also ploughed in stretches additional security is obtained ; but ploughing around the fields generally should be resorted to with far greater frequency than at present. It is not enough to plough around the farm boundary, for this over leaped, as is often the case, the destruction of the whole ensues as a matter of course. Green crops, such as mangels and potatoes, form capital breaks in the event of bush-fires, and these should be generally placed around the grain crogs ; for they not only protect the grain crops, but the fences also. 