DESTRUCTION OF TIMBER. — Geelong Advertiser. IN October, 1865, the commissioners ap-<*> pointed to enquire into applications for land under the 42nd section of the " Amending Land Act 1865, felt themselves compelled to tra-el a little oat of the beaten track before them, and to send up a report on the destruction of forests in the neighborhood of the gold-fields. Messrs. Ligar, Hodg kinson, and Brough Smyth, while examin ing the applications which poured into the office of the Department of Crown Lands, felt themselves called upon to submit some recommendations to the Government, with regard to the necessity of reserving large blocks of the natural forests in the neigh borhood of the gold-fields, as timber re serves for the use of the mining popula tions; and, in explanation of the reason of their making this special report, they said:— We believe that much of the prosperity now so evident on the gold-fields of Victoria is due to the circumstance thai claimholders and lessees of Crown lands have the opportunity of pro curing timber from the indigenous forests at small cost. They require wood, both for underground operations and for engines ; and it has been ascertained that any considerable increase in the price of timber would cause works to be abandoned as unprofitable, which now yield to the miner considerable sums over and above the cost of working. A great number of persons employ themselves in cutting timber for the mines. They fell the best, and destroy more than they use, consequently there is unnecessary waste. Persons resident on the gold fields destroy also an immense number of fine trees, by taking sheets of bark from them for roofing their huts. Instead of at once felling a tree, and removing from it several sheets of bark of the required size, they generally take one sheet of bark only from each tree, which is left standing with a portion of its trunk entirely denuded of bark ; i and it soon perishes, and ultimately becomes a prey to bush fires. They recommended that special reserves should be at once proclaimed, to quote the report once more: — We would suggest that you should proclaim, as early as practicable, an extension of the large forest reserve already made in the vicinity of Ballarat, so as to protect the forests on and north of the Dividing Range, and cause to be proclaimed near Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Ararat, Maryborough, Inglewood, Beechworth, and other centres of mining industry, similar large reserves. We would recommend further that some suitable large area should be selected south-west of Rokewood, with a view to the establishment of a large wood of indigenous and I imported trees on the present treeless basaltic plains; portions of which, when properly worked, and especially when properly drained, would in our opinion be well suited lor arbori culture. It is well known that the climate of a country, as expressed by the mean temperature, the mean degree of humidity, and the mean pres sure of the air, is the result of forces which man cannot control or alter; but it is also known that important changes in the local cli- matic conditions may be effected by drainage, by storing water, by clearing away forests, and by planting. The climate of a country may be ma terially changed by the destruction of forests. This has been proved by the ex perience of Italy, France, and Spain in the middle ages; by that of Trinidad, Mar tinique, and San Domingo in the modern world, and by the ancient traditions of Syria and Palestine when compared with the present desolate condition of those par dens of biblical history. The mean tem perature, the mean degree of humidity, and the mean pressure of the air are the result of forces, which man cannot control except by planting, by storing water, and by I drainage. But, without going into the question of climatic changes and their causes, there is enough in the purely economic view of the case to call for serious consideration. As a mere mining I question, it is desirable that a sufficiency J of timber should be preserved for the use ■ of the " digger " in his arduous avocation, but it will soon be asked, " What are we to do for fuel ?" This enquiry is becoming a pressing one in France, and is occupying the attention of M. About and other writers, just as the coal question is in Eng land of Mr. J. S. Mill and Air. Jevons. In one of our files to hand by the last mail we find the following summing up of M. About's views:— There can at least be no doubt that on one aide of France the culture, whether grande or petite, has in one respect been most improvi dent. Parts of the south-east are almost de nuded of wood. We read of districts where dried cow-dung is almost the only available fuel. The evils of this recklessness are mani fold. Trees do not readily grow again in moun tain countries where the original forest has been killed off. Bains, no longer caught as in a sponge and distributed slowly and evenly, wash away quantities of earth from places where the soil is already far too shallow. Floods are frequent, and followed by droughts. Thoughtful men like Yalles are writing books on the subject, and the Revue det Deux Monde; glad to be in opposition on a scientific question, has taken the matter up; for the Government, which has been selling at a great rate, proposes to alienate a very large portion of the public forests within the next few years. The philoso phers are up in arms against tliis. It will seriously affect the water supply, make the climate more extreme, and force into tillage a quantity of land which never can be farmed at a profit "In a country like France the state ought to own the forests; for private indi viduals will never let the timber grow to a proper and really profitable sixe." "Well, then, you import your large timber," the free trader will reply. " Yes, but what am Ito burn ?" asks the poor peasant of Lozere ; "it will be a long time before the coal which you want to see more largely imported, gets across to me." The time will arrive, at no distant date, when the colony of Victoria will be even in a worse condition than parta of France, if something be not done to conserve the magnificent forests which fringe the plains and clothe the mountains of the higher ranges of the country, and which contribute so much to the present healthfulness of the climate, and promise so greatly for its future beauty and comfort. The importance of umbrageous forests in lofty ranges is great, says the report, "in the general economy of nature. In the height of sum mer when the sun and the winds have dried the soil of the lower lands, and withered the herbage on the plains, we have to travel fifty or sixty miles (from Melbourne) to the heavily wooded mountains to find perennial streams of water, vast trees, delicious shade, and, where the fern tree attains its greatest dimensions, complete protection from the sun's rays." This condition, in which evaporation is at the minimum and moisture is condensed by the foliage, it should be the duty of the State to pre serve for the sake of the general health. On the ground of public economy, it may be urged that our actual wealth and pros perity are just as dependant on the abund ance of the supply of fuel as are the manu facturing industries of England on that of coal. Of the existing abundance in the mountain fastnesses of the colony, no one who has had the opportunity of judging for himself can doubt for one instant. It is quite as evident, however, that no at tempt is made to conserve our magnificent forests for the use of posterity. On the contrary, they are being diminished, year by year, by bush-fires lighted for the pur pose, and which may be frequently seen on summer nights extending along the ranges of the Australian Alps for many miles in length and in breadth. It would be wise at once to " proclaim" portions of these forests as reserves for future use. Some such a course will have to be adopted to prevent the wholesale destruction of timber, which the traveller among the Australian mountains finds so frequent an occasion to j deplore. 