LOCAL NEWS. Ouïssions -Ad unexpeoted pressure of news and of advertisements, rendors us unable to give a large portion of the looal and oountry news prepared for the presB, We therefore famish a summary of the information, the ordinary reports of whioh have to stand over. West Maitland Voluntbku Bivles.-The following brigade order, dated October ,11, wat read to the abore oompany at their last parade, by Oaptain Wolfe. " 1'be Lieutenant Colonel oom nun d ng has been pleased to approve of the following promotions in the West Mait- land Volunteer KifU Oompiny ..-Corporal 0. II, Prentioe to be Oolor-Bergeint ; Sergeant. J, A. Shepherd to bt Quarter- master-aorgennt. By ootnmand, Thjuias Baynes, Captain, Brigade Adjutant " ÍJI8PUTED Claims to Leask» -A squatting dispute between Messrs J. and G. Lethbridge, of Currangandi ; and Franois T. Rusden, of Lindesay, in the Gwydir dis- trict, has bean referred by the Minister for Lands to arbitration.- Gazette, Nov 19. Aoobptbd Tbhmeb -The Under of Mr. A. Rodgers, for supplying a donkey engine for the Bteam-tu« "Oyolopn," has been aooepted by the Government. Gazette, Nov. 19. Balk op Stations.-Messrs. Richardson and Wrenoh sold by aiiolioti, on Tuaaday, the New Valley station, in the New Kngland dUlriot, with 4000 mixed sheep, al 10s. Cd. per head, 150 bead of eulie at 40a per head stores and sundry belongings by valuition ; terms, hall cash, half 12 months' bill. Mr If. W. Single, pureba, sor; amount about £2600.-S M Herald, Nov. 20. AO.OATIOI-Hiokkt ano QsKBn-A m-itoll between these men wai mida Uat night at Mr. Ûamb'B, and the necessary articles ratified, 'the matoh ia to take plaoe on the 4th Januarv, 1868-the B;0ke boing £100 aside. S. M. Herald, Nop 21. Prooiob mon ths Huntbr Rivsa Disthiot.-Som» idea of tbe large quantity ot wool and hay imported from tbe Hunter dlatrlot mar bj made from the fact that ih« steamers belonging to the A.S.N. Co brought do*n last week, ne lea« than 3897 balei.-S. iii Herald, Nov. 21 AU0NU8MT OP MNOlbtok -A proolamation under the Aot, 2 Vio, No. 2, appears in the Gazettt of Tuesday, setting'forth lb* widths of the carriage, way, and the footway, in certain streets of Singleton. . Gold Dott UgnoonoN Aor.-The following is an a'utraot of the bill, read in the Legislative Assembly, on We Jneaday.-Clause 1 provides that instead of the duties at present ohsrgeable on gold, tho following shall be levied until L)¿o 3) 1868.-At th» Customs, on every oanoB troy, exported Is.; at the Boyal Mint, Sydney, upon every ounoe troy of standard fineness thereto imported, 9d ; from Jan. 1, to Dec 31, 1869, tbe duties obargeable will be, at the Customs, 6d, and at the Mint 31\. per ouuoe troy.-OU use 2 exempts the payment of duty apon gold the produoe of other countries, imported io conformity with the rales and regulation! thereof.* Clause 8 recitas the title u the "Gold DutiesBeduotion Aot of IMS." Mbebiwa--A correspondent has forwarded na the oopy of depositions taken before the Merriwa bench, on the loth September, to show what he thinks wsb a de- cision given ojntrary to evidence. Tnis may or may not be the case. On tho bare depositions, a« tiken down,, it woald appear so, certainly ; but it is w»ll known that many minule oiroumstancea and expreisicns by the witnesses, never taken down in writing, tend to guide the decisions arrived at both by magistrates and juries. Lewis Grant was oharged by James Oife with break- ing his padlock gate open. A slaughtering yard belonging lo Grant was lot by him to Cafe ; p.fe doposed that the period named was for twelve months, but that no writing parsed ; Cafe bad per- mitted Charles Andrews to slanghter in tho yard; at the end of six months Grant let, or sublet, the yara to Andrews; 0«fa thereupon put a padlook ou the gate; on A subsequent diy, 6tb July, the padlook was broken ; tbe evidence did not show by whom, but Andrews killed io the yard that day, the padlock being sound when he entered and killed, but was broken when lift, as he liimiolf deposed. The bench oonvioted Grant of breaking it, and fined him 30s and 9s coBts, or in default one month's imprisonment. West Maitland Municipal Council.-A meeting of this body was held last night. The buainess was chiefly of a routine rut uro.- A resolution was oarled on the mo tijn of Alderman Gorriok, the object of wbioh wag to take step* to seoure to the Oounoil all fines for breaches of the Towns Folioe Aot. MrjBitAY Cod fob tub Runtrr.-A meeting of gen- tlemen interested iii the introduction of the Murray cod into the Hunter, met in Mr. J. A, Shepherd's long room, last evening. Mr. E. F. Capper, junior, explained that tho meeting had been called by bim, at' the irish of some gentlemen who thought the introduction of the Murray cod would be beneficial to the district. He had written to the Hon. T. A. Murray, nml O. Bennett, both of whom replied, the former detailing the mode in wbioh he had iu 1848 con- veyed a number of cod from the Murrumbidgee into Like George, nour Oolleotor, where ihey had sinoe multiplied, and one weighing 71lbs, bad been lately caujjkt; the latter giving valuable hints as to the treatment of the fish and other important details, It was suggested the fish to be introduced should be prooured from the Namoi, and that Mr. Murray's plan of transport should he adopted. It was arranged that Messrs. Capper and Osborne should i hare circulars printed and circulated, soliohing the co- opération of all in the distriot interested in the objeot of tbo meeting. Bush Fires,-Daring the whole of yesterday, huge volumes of smoke rising from the whole extent of the south-western horizon, betrayed the presence of bush fires of no ordinary magnitude. We had endeavoured to ascer- tain the localities which have suffered roost by the confla grations, and as far as we can learn the greatest body of fire has been raging in tha vicinity of Buttai, on either side of Mr. Price's station ; but a belt of burning bush appears, from the highest point of view we could attain, to extend to the eastward as far as Hexham, and to the westward, along the foot of the Sugarloaf range of mountains to Wollombi. This belt of fire has made incursions into Brook's Flat in one or two instances, as we are informed, and Mr. T. Thomas complains of the loss of some hundred rods of fencing, valued at £50, from his farm m that locality. There is a large fire also at Tumbleby. Behind the peaks known conjointly as the Sugarloaf Mountain, here and there columns of smoke dis close the existence of bushfires in that direction also, and very unmistakeable indications of a large conflagra- tion in the direction of the Wollombi are to be observed, though here the smoke appears confined to one spot, and does not veil the horizon to any great extent. We believe there are also fires rcgmg on the mounUins about Clarence 1 own, but ltdoesuot appear that there are any in the direction of Paterson. It does not seem that the fires we noticed some ten days ago at Buttai and Woodford have been entirely extinguished but probably have been fanned into renewed notivitj by the high winds of the list few daws New Public School-ApplioUion has been made for the establishment of a pnblio school at Bulladulah - Gazette Nov 19 Casbb at tbk Policb CoUKT -At the WeBt Mait- land police oourt, on thursday, the following oases were beard -Rowland George Yeomaus v William Burn him , the plaintiff sought to recover pos ession of a aertam tenement on the Rutherford Raoe Course. The defendant's attorney ohpoted to the informa- tion, and the objsottan bein,; sustained, the case was Éíllin'g s/ho»#%#ffro|Mty BfWrrTiefîfilfiaîarSnd'wâs oommitled for trial -John Oimeron, Martin O'Djo, Patnok Ryan, William M Grath, J .iraes Dunn, and John Widger were each fined 6s, nub. 2s 6d costa, for allowing anira »la to Btray -Patrick Myan, William Duke, Ratoliff Parnell, Denis Filapatuck, Walter Hume, Thomas Hayes and Charles Byan wero all fined for bathing io the river within prohibited hours-Kjan los an I tbe rest (who were boya) Sa. with 2s 6d coats in eaoh casa - Oornolius Shay, altas Weston, wasoharged with stealing timber, the property of George Lee, anl was fiued 10s and 10s damages -Anastasia Bradley appeared on re mmd to answer a oharge of stealing money from Denis Phelan, and was committed for trial.—Mary Bathgate a child under the age of sixteen was brought before the bench under the Industrial Schools Act, and was ordered to be sent to the Industrial School at Newcastle. Yesterday at the Past Maitland pohoe oourt, the oase of John Curran v William Elliott, for assiblt, was post pon d until Tueid y next -James Saorely was oonvicted of drunkenness, and was fined Sa and 23 bd oosts - James Toole, for a similar offence, added to disorderly oonduot was fined 10«, with 2s 6 i costs, General Items-Among the items of general news are are oompellod to hold over are the following.-Gold received by Es ort during Ootober, 1C 081 ox , of whioh the Northern fi<l is tent 1179 cb , the Southern, 3475, and 11,427 fora the Western-Ihe committee of tho I)ilurat hospital mat on Saturday last, when it was decided not to oloae the bospt al, but for the oom» millee to continue their labours until the end of the j ear. \- lho measles were very prevalent at Bathurst-Ihe averago dip of tho (looks at Yanko Creek, Riverina, is three pounds seven ounces for fall grown sheep and one and a quirter pounds for lambs, of washed wool - lhere was a fire, on 1 bur.Jay miming, m f»ew Pitt street hylney, near the Circular^ Quay A shod and some fencing wera deitro)ed -rio Government oredit bdance at the (Mental Bank, Loudon, on Sept 20 was £274,110 2s Sd , the debit balance at ihi Bank of New South Wales Sydney, on Oat 31, was £103 488 2s 6d - \- Five boats, anda number of Government boatmen were amj>loyud at the Ministerial pic-mo at Penrith -Ibe steamer Yarra Yarra brought up in the stream on Tues lay m¿ht, on arriving from Brisbane, in oonsequenoe nf a pissen gor having lost £220 on board.-Ihe Mel- bourne Herald lunts at the posubiht\ of the Hon. W L Gltdstone entoring the Vio toi i mi Legislativo Assembly MuswBLLunooK. -Our correspondent from Muswell brook sends us particulars of a very interesting lecture, leliviro I nt the oourt honse of that town by the Rev. Mr M'Oullooh, on the " New Hebridei " the lecture ajnlained a description of tbe manners aud oustoms of he natives their mode of warfare, language, &o; , photo grap« of soenery in these islands wero also exhibited. Newcastle -Our Newoastle correspondent writes that the repairs to the schooner Fox luve been oompleted, and alie will now resuma her trips in the o lasting trade Both tbe steam dredges have been employed on the sand bank near the Horae shoe, and have already increased the depth of water. Ihe corporation works in Sydney-Btreet, were again being prooeeded with lho fine ship lomado had neatly oompleted heroargo of coal fir Ruigoon; her register is 17¿0 tons, and she is the seaond largest vessel ever ia the harbour--Meetings of the Municipal Oounoil wore held on tuesday and Wed neiday evenings, and the prooee lings woro aimed on m themanuer willah has characterised the recent proceedings if this body A oommittee of the whole was appointed to investigate the ohargeB brought against the lown Clerk by the Major - \ Buaoeasful mealing of the Bind ot Hope was held on llmridiy evening -An aooidentoc ourred last week to two boys by the falling in of some earth; both boys roomed some severe outs Mudork -We find from the I fe »fern Post that the popul ition of tho lwo mile Flat gold Rakia it inoreasmg rapidly, and it bids fair to exael any diggings disaovered of late. Numbers of stores and publio-houses have been ereoled and are doing a goo t trade Greater part nf the gold is now got from the eastern end of the Held, the average yield being from li oes to 2 oes to the load. No v ry heavy iluda have baen made, and the average wages «rasabout £3 to£5 per week - Hobt. Lowe I sq , of Wilbertree, had purohased somo valuibla stoak at the sale of the Derrimut her I of cattle, at Melbourne; he had not slaughtered the Jessamine oow, as st*ted by the Herald, but the weight of the animal, a« inven m that paper, was lho live weight-Mr Tebbutt's motion, iu the Municipal Council, to invite the Prinoe to Mudgee was oarried, with an amendment, tho effect of whioh was that Mr. rebbutt should deliver the invilatiOB himielf Hirt« Matoiibb on Sr. Andrews' Dav -The Com- mittee appointed by the Weat Maitland Volunteer BifleB, to arrange these malones, met on lbursday evening, at Sergeant Shepherd's, Ensign Tcgg in the chair. Turee events were deoided upon, namely, two matohes for volunteers only, and one for all corners, The first ot the volunteer matohes was to be competed by ûVeshotaat the Siveral ranges of 200, SOO, and 6U0 yards, theseoond(ex oludiug all winners in the first), five shots at 200 «nd 400 yards, the all corners matoh, tho same number of shots at the same rangea We ere requested to remind all members who propose to snbaenbe, to send iu their names and amounts by Tuesday next, to Mr. J. Bussell, the secretary to the oommUtM. mopîiT I 1 J0T0 Mbi,'s SooiETV.-The naual weekly SS °f thl8.8<>oiety was held in the Bohoolroom, on Wednesday evening, the vice-president in the chair, inere was a full attendance of members. A oommittee A"«1' on the motion of Mr. Thurston, seeonde'd «Ltlr ? °i empowered to make enquiries as to the TT.TPÏVf oUnd for ereolin& tt buildinS for the ET Tf th,e BmMy- Thi" oommittee consists of rM£' J9n,?Iey* j80ob °erriok, 0. H. Prentice, J. «ourke, and the mover. The adjourned debate on the question «-"Hai St. Mary's Society answered the purposes of ,u founders?" was resumed by Mr. Stead- man, in the aflirmative, who was followed on the same side by Messrs Bussell, Marks, and 0. H. Prentioe ; Messrs. «ourke and Irving arguing for the opposite view xne op:ner having replied, the vote was taken, and found» o be in favour of tie ailirmatîve of the question. Head- ings and recitations were announced as the buBineas for the next night of meeting. , Maitland School ob'Abts.-The discussion class io connection with this institution met on Thursday Men,l.ng"!n.lhe M'' when the question »Ought tho martm Ministry to have resigned, or have dissolved the bowe, on their defeat on the Land Bill?» waa reopened, and discussed with much nnimvtion, till ten o'clock, when, being put lo the voto, it wob deoided in the amrmative. 1'bo Council announced the next subject for debate, "Ought the classics to form a chief part of education ?» to be opened by them in the negative. Iheie waB a fair attendance. ..Law'' vebsus .' OAsn.»-To-day a orioliet matoh I will tako place on Christian's Flat, between eleven .' 10 per oant." gentlemen from the various banks, and eleven youthful "limbs of the law.» The following are the names of the players-.-Bank Eleven: Messrs W. Boydell, H. Doyle,I1 J.Falls, W. 0 Oreen, W J. Garland,F. Long, C. M'Dougall, J. B. MoCoaker, H. L. Nathan, M. Soiling, 0\. Tucker.-Lawyers' lileven : W. Baker, W. Capper, Hy. Lludloy, 0. H. B. Eagles, R. Fitzgerald, A. Gould, W. Gorriok, J. Loader, H. Levien, M. Parnell, J. Russell. West Maitland Flood Belief Committee -A meet- ing of this oommittee waa held in the School of Arts on Thursday afternoon, at whioh it was resolved to apply to the Central Oommittee for a further grant of flou<-, whioh it is fully anticipated will be given without delay, as the committee will oommond the» application by a representation toi the distress prevailing among the farmers, owing to losses by the flood, aud failure of orops from the contiuued dry season. Nearly the whole of the po tatoe crop and the reoently sown lucerne has failed, and as the sucoesa of then waa depended upon in many instances, numerous farmers aie almost in a state of destitution. FßiaiiTFüL Accident.-A frightful acoident happened yesterday (Monday) morning, to Qeorge Spencer, of \- Cart's Greek, who waa assisting Mr. Bnltitude in thrash- ing some wheat. It appears he went to the machine for the purpose of romaving some loose wheat from the box, when his foot slipped, and his arm waa dragged into the machine, and before it could be stopped his arm was ornshed in a frightful wanner. He was conveyed to the Grafton Hospital aa soon as possible, and ia nndcr the ruro of Dr. Croft. We bave not heard whether amputa- tion will be neoessary.-We are sorry to have to record Ihe death of Mr. Spenoer ; the news came to onr office as we were going to press, (at ten o'clock) last evening. \- Clarence Examiner, Nov. 12. On Thursday two seamen named Collina and Bilton, who had been ashore daring the day, went on board the steamer Terara, at the New Market wharf, in the evening. Bilton went b;low, but Collins, who waa under the influence of drink, fell overboard from the bows of the vessel, and was drowned. Intercolonial Kifie Match.-Selection PbActioe. The praoliae commeuosd on Saturday last wsb oompleted yesterday afternoon. It was at 200 and 300 lards, ten shots at eaoh. Mr. Slade headed the list with 77, one point more than was ever scored in any previous praetiae lu these ranges. The weather was delightfully fine, willi a slight breeze in front.-S. M Herald, Nov. 19. DISTltlCT NEWS. [VBOa ODE VABIODS COBRRSPOHDFNT3. ] PATERSON. But little has transpired during the past week worthy of notioe. We had two hours of nioe tain last Saturday evening. Tho day bad been the moat oppressive we have had .'cr--- *.'"»-««"? . A nbanee took plaoo early io toe evening, and about seven o'uloalt It commenced rain- ing pretty heavily, and oonlinned until nine o'oloflk. when the rain ceased, and it again olearen up, scarunjr a vestigo of the rain waa any where visibleon Sunday morn- ing; so dry and parobed np ia everything around us. The weather baa since remained cool and pleasant. Fanot Hazaab at Gresford-During the past week a fanoy biziar was held at Gresford to raise fonda for oertaiu Churoh purposes, in oonneotion with the Oburoh of England at that place. The affair was a successful one, and a large sum, considering the dullness of the times and thescaroity of cash, was realised. 'Ihe amount taken, we aro informed, exoeeded some sixty pounds. Sons of Temperance -The formation of a division of the Sons of Temperance here is looked upon with con- siderable interest, and no doubt large numbers will join the institution. It has been auggeated that the division should he opened on St, Andre*'« Day, the 301b Nov. that being a general holiday would enable man} distant friends to oome up and take part in the opening oereinoni.il of tie division. Cricket.-On St. Andrew's day we are to have a visit from a team of cricketers from the Maitland Warwick Club, who are to aon'end for the honour of supremacy wi h eleven of our own looal playera. The Visit or Pr^ob ALranu;-The question ia fre- quently asked, ahall the Patononians havo the honour of a visit from bia Royal Highnrss when he visits the Hunter? Many oonaider it probable, if it is only to enjoy a little quiet after the inrmoil ol the numerous de- monstrations that, «ill assail him from every other quat ter. This should certainly be some inducement for the illustrious visitor to come to the Paterson, for he may be assured that he will be allowed to enjoy the pleasures of peaoe and quiet whilst here. Mutual Imitio vbmknt Sooibtt-Reading and reoita lions were the order of the evening at this institution last Tuesday evening, and a pleasant evening was spent. Business has not improved ia any way since my last. No oliange baa tak^n plaoe io the pricea of [.roduoe. Falorson, Nov.- 20, 1867. 