THE EARNEST- AND 1DUE LABOUR : MARKET. ; With the somewhat dismal prospect now before .the country of a deficient harvest, and .consequent hip-h. prices of food, it is to be hoped that the Parliament before rising' will give an expression of opinion as to the inadvisability of sending home orders for the despatch of any , additional emigrant ships to this colony for some time to come ! -until, indeed, we can see some reason able grounds for supposing1 that those thus brought out would be at once furnished with employment, instead of becoming a still further drag on the progress of the colony. We have no wish to take too despondent a view of the present aspect of affairs-the cloud now appearing above the horizon and gradually rising oyer head is very dark, very portentous, but we hope, we believe, that it has a silver lining; but it would be equally culpable to neglect to look our threatened position in the face as it would to sit down in .stolid despair and shut our eyes to anything like a perceptible ray of h'ppe. We must confront the danger, a?jd wrestle with it-must labour with diligence to take such measures as may avert the threatened calamity, and then in aw<*i& the result of that labour, buoyed up not by the idle hope that some may yet turn up, but by the reason able belief that as nothing can .be certainly known as to the real extent of the damage caused by the^diseases which have attacked our crops uhtil the harvest shall have been commenced, it may yet turn out that our fears have magnified the evil. At present there is every appearance of the . calamity being sufficiently great, but -still distance often exaggerates the proportions of the danger^ we have yet to,face, which when actually encountered sink into comparative insignificance- - Last year our farmers bad large crops and low prices-rand as agriculturists pro verbially exercise to the fullest extent that privilege of grumbling so highly prized by, Englishmen/many of-them protested that smaller crops,and higher prices would have proved far more remunerative 5 and, unfor tunately,' they are likely this year to test -the truth of that assertion. So far as we can learn, there are but few farmers in this district who have hot tolerably heavy crops on: some portions of their land, although on other parts there is either an entire absence ofgrain, or otherwise a shrivelled-up sample yielded in great abundance, but of such in ferior^ quality as to be hardly fit for any thing but cliicken-feed j indeed we saw a sample from the Gilbert the other day the straw of which was nearly ive feet high, the heads large and well filled, as regards quantity, but the grain was so light that it felt more like handling chaff than wheat, and we understand that it would require at least 150 bushels of it to i^ake one ton of flour. However, in this instance, as in others, there was a portion of the land, where the crops had escape 1 the disease, which would give a good average yield; and in a greater or lesser degree we believe this rule to hold good of the majority of farms (with the exception of those on some of the plains, where the disease appears to have entirely destroyed the crops.) This is the silver lining to the cloud-for whilst the rust itself threatens absolute ruin, these patches, these oases in tjie cheerless track of the rust give hope of a mitigation of the evil. A week or so ^ack it was confidently stated that this district would, taking the good with the bad, give an average yield of ten bushels per acre, and if this prognostication should be realized, there would not after ali be so much reason tQ complain jLast season the , average yield in the district was fourteen and a half bushels, much of which was sold at froin 2s. 6jd. to 3s. per bushel-even at the higher price this would only give a money yield of 48s. 6d. per acre; and this year we think we may safely aver that much wheat will not need to be sold under 5s. per bushel, which at ten bushels to the acre would give 50s., pr £js. (3d. per acre more than last year, besides the saving on cartage-though that probably may be balanced by the extra cost qf cleaning. As, however, the deterioration of the gram iiL the ear appears to take place just as it is ripening, it will not do to depend qi* the above-named average being actually obr tained in the district; but still there is sufficient encouragement to be derived from present appearances to justify the hope that though the coming season must be a trying one alike to the agricultural and commercial interests, it will not be ruinous, and that there is no occasion to give way to absolute despair. To revert, however, to our opening re marks on the subject of renewed immigra- i tion, it is certain that should the crops prove even more instead of less than anti cipated, there will be a lack of work for the many to whom a good harvest fur nishes employment throughout the year as Well as at harvest time. There will be t$ss wheat to clean and less to cart, less work for the miller and less produce to ship. If the deficient yield affected only harvest labourers, then it would be too late to raise our voice against any fresh orders for emigrants being sent home; but ag its results will be-felt throughout the coming year both in scarcity of employ ment and high price's' of provisions, we feelit to be oijr duty-alike to the labouring class already here and to. those who if thev came out would look in Tain for em ployment even equally remunerative as that they would leave behind them-to protest while yet in. time against , our I rulers, thoughtlessly or for lack of instruc tions to the contrary, adding to the num ber of those who ere the coming year has passed away will be sorely pinched. To avert as far as possible the results of this deficiency in our crops, we trust that the Government will, so soon as harvest operations are brought to a close, push forward with all diligence the various public works that have been sanctioned/ by theXflgislature; as by pursuing1 that course they will not only furnish employ ment to those who need it and put a large amount of money into circulation, but will also be enabled to carry out the various works with greater economy than I at any other period. THE sixth and last of the Spring series of Sixpenny Readings in connection with the Kapunda Institute, to ik place at Orase'-s, lioom, on Friday evening last. There was a very good attendance, and at 8 o'clock the chair was taken by Mr H. C.Palmer, (one of the Vice- Presidents} who called on the Mine Band to play some music: a call which was very agreeably responded to. Mr Stobie then read very effectively two papers from the works of Josh. Billings, which caused plenty of laughter. Miss Morris and Miss Greenwood next played a duet on the piano in a very, able manner, and were warmly applauded. Mr Bishop humourously rendered the comic recitation," Logic." The Welsh Glee Club sang "Brave Birds," and were enthusiastically re ceived ; whilst the Rev. Mr Smyth caused roars of laughter by Ilia readings- viz., Melting Momenta*" and " The Quaker and the Kobber." At this stage of the proceeding the Chairman expressed the gratification the Committee felt at the success which had attended the Sixpenny Readings, which now appeared to have become a portion of the social amusemeat in Kapunda. He hoped ere another twelve months the Institute would have a good room of its own in which they could meet. They had been promised a large sum of money, which amount would be supple mented by the Government, and he hoped all present would continue subscribing members to the Institute, which was supplemental to schools, and was available for the purpose of continuing the education of those-who had to leave school at an early age. He hoped that those present would not only themselves subscribe, but would also endeavour to induce their neighbours to do, the same. He then called on Mr .Quirke who sang a song in a most pleasing manner, and was deservedly encored. More music from the Mine Band brought the first part to a conclusion. At the opening of the second part Mr Inglis read a very hwnoursome, but rather lengthy extract from " Valentine Vox," which elicited roars of laughter. The Welsh Glee-Club then sang in Welsh "Here's a health to aU good lasses/' which being anchored another piece was rendered, which was also encoreid, and followed by a solo from the leader of the dub. Mr Elliott then read an address by Mr Charles Dickens on " Mechanics' Institutes." 'Master And Miss Morris, next took their seats at the piano, and acquitted themselves remarkably veil, their performance being en cored-on which a set of very nice Irish Quadrilles was played, by Misses Morris and Greenwood. Mr Jackson then read a piece en titled " Cassabianca." . The Welsh Glee Club ' again made their bow, and sang, a number of pieces in place of the one on the programme, £he audience appearing determined not to let . them sit down in a hurry. Their singing was really fine, and justified to a certain extent the calls of the audience, though it was top bad to throw so much work on their willing shoulders. Mr Lewis then moved a vote, of thanks to the performers, to the Committee of Management, to the audience, and to Mr Crase for the use of the room;-remarking that the readings had been a. triumphant success, as each time the room had been well filled, and the audience had retired well satisfied, but it was deemed advisable 16 discontinue thegatherings daring the hot weather. They specially wished to heartily thank Mr Crase for giving the use of the room; but ere long they hoped to have as good a room Of their own. Mr Garsed seconded the motion,, which was carried. The meeting then gave three cheers for the Chairman, after w-bich a verse of the > National Aethem brought the proceedings to. a close. A MEETING of the ratepayers of the Kapunda District Council was held at the Council Chamber on, Monday the 15th inat, at 10 o'olock. The chair was occupied by Mr Jeffs (Chairman of the Council). There was not a very large attendance. Mr Crase proposed, and Mr E. Mayne seconded, the adoption of a fourpenny rate, which was carried unanimously. This being the whole of the business the meeting then separated. " AT the meeting of the Town, Council on Monday last it was resolved tb raise the Salary Of the Town Clerk to £250, he also discharging the duties of Collector and Surveyor, or causing the same to be. discharged at his own expense. The resignation of the Inspector of Nuisances was received; and it was resolved, in order to secure an efficient discharger of the duties of that office, to raise the salary to £50 per year, and 50 p$r cent, of the net fines; and to invite applications from persons willing to undertake the duties of the office. Both these steps are movements in the right direction. The former salary attached to the office of Town Clerk &c.;, was ridiculously low, as the position is one of great responsibility; and as to the Sanatoiy Inspector-his pay has been merely nominal, and the wonder is that so much work has been done for so little money. On a proper discharge of the duties of this office depends in a great measure, the freedom from the town of fevers, &c.;, and we hope the future holder of the office may carry out his functions without fear or favour. Br a notice appearing in another column it will be seen that our Wesleyan friends will celebrate their anniversary at Kapunda, on Sauday next, when Mr Millard is to preach; acd on Christmas Day a tea and public meeting will be held. WE are glad to know that our Corpora tion intend taking up the question of the forma tion of a fire brigade, and we hope their efforts in that respect may be brought to a successful isgue. The fire engine was taken down to the dsjm and tried on Tuesday last, and we understand that with the exception of some sligit defect iu the suction pipe, it was found to, work tolerably satisfactorily. WE have had a very Sue sample of wheat brought in from Invermay, and we are happy to say $bat Mr Ford can congratulate himself oa the quantity as well as the quality of his crop. We also leara that some of the diseased crops are' turning out better than was expected. We heard of one farmer who had re solved not to reap one of his paddocks, and who cut some of the stra^v for thatching, when observing that here and there some fine heads of wheat were met with, he changed his mind, put in the machine, and obtained a yield of five bushels to the acre. We hope many of our farmers may in like manner find that even the worst portions of their fields are not go bad as had been anticipated. AT the meetiDg of the. Municipal Council on Monday last it was stated that three kegs of blasting powder had been sold on Satur day last at auction, which were then deposited in a shed in Mr Crase's stable yard. Surely tbis should not be tolerated; one person remarked that it could not do much damage, as it was all wet, but still we should not like such a risk on our premises. On Sunday last about noon, just as the various congregations were returning from Morning Service, an explosion took place in the small building adjoining the Commercial Inn. The front window was completely shattered, and the lollies were at a discount, being scattered all over the street. An inquest was held on Monday before W. Oldham, Esq., and a respectable Jury when the following facts were elicited: A man named Charles St.George, now doing some con tract work for the Corporation had given a parcel containing about two pound of blasting powder and some coils of fuse, to one of Mr O'Leary's servants to keep safe for him; he afterwards told her what it was, and cautioned her to keep it out of the reach of the children; she placed it on Saturday afternoon in an iron oven in the room in question, which was not used, and as she sup posed not likely to be. The next day (Sunday) a fire was lighted in and under the oven, by another servant, who knew nothing of it; but the one who had placed it there knew the fire was lit and had been in the room only a minute or two before the explosion, but forgot all about the powder. It appeared the door of the oven was driven open with great force, marking the mantelpiece. The concussion lifted the ceiling up, and it settled again in its place; a lamp which hung in the front shop was thrown down, the front window driven out, and also a window in an adjoining room, the intervening door being open. Some remains of the fuse were found in the oven. The fire was partly scattered on the floor, but by timely assistance all further damage was prevented. Thus, what might have been a very serious, and even fatal accident, was most providentially very limited. The Jury found a verdict according to the evidence, and the Cor roner, at their request, while exonerating all parties from any evil intention, censured both St. George and the servant woman for the great carelessness and imprudence exhibited in their conduct. On Tuesday last two important meetings of agriculturists were held at WiDastctn and Sheaoak Log, to take into consideration the de ficiency in the wheat crop, and the necessity of memoralizing Government to procure seed wheat. At each of the meetings, a Committee was ap? pointed to confer with the farmers of other dis tricts, and to take the necessary steps for com'; I municating with the Government. On Wednesday and Thursday the .weather was peculiarly South Australian, and ths accompardments equally so. The sign's rays were, most powerful, the wind like the blast from a, furnace, and the. dust both plentiful and hot, causing the country all round to present in the daytime the . appearance of being on fire-whilst,, at night it was evident the bush fires were neither small, few, nor far between, as whichever point of the horizon one scanned, the Iqrid glare of those, scourges was to be seen, that away to the north i east being evidently one of immense extent. The thermometer yesterday in the shade stood at [ 110°, but fortunately the wind changed about 10 o'clock last night, and this morning the weather . is beautifully cool, and refreshing-the thermo meter standing at ?9°. Besides the pleasantness, it is a very, fortunate change for some. of the farmers on the Light, as the bush fire wljich w^s stealing raudly over the range towards their crops, will now M driven hack overita former course,, and may coraequently be subdued with company tive ease. ^ i His Roi^l HIGHNESS the Duke of' Edinburgh, according to present arrrngements, - will leave Melbourne for Hobarfc Town on the 28th inst., arriving at that port oa &B; 31st. ? He . will reach Iiaunqeston on the 7th, returning to Hoharfe Town on the lOth, filing onihellth for . Sydney, where he will arriva on the 14th. THE Adelaide Races commenced yes terday. The Maidens wera won by Mr. Hnghes'a Biooyooloo, Mr. Gilbert's Skylark feeing second. Mr. Gerrad's Regalia came home first for tha D.erby, with Mr.Baker'B Corsair second. Mr. [ Trice's Fisherman was winner of the. Shorts, and : Mr. T. Ryan's Cupbearer was winner of the Trial Stakes. The Hade Race was won by Mr. Mahr's. I^ady of the Lake. Several fifes took place yesterday one on the premises of Messrs.. Canaxan. & Ryan, storekeepers, Rhynie, by w.hich, the stablea and a , haystack were destroyed; and a buph lire near ; Roseworthy raged furiously, the. men on. Messrs. [Fry's contract being .drafted off to azre^its pro 1 gress. A fire also occurred at Mr. Cooper's, Glenelg, by which one horse- was. hijrnt to death,. and another serio.usly injured.. THE House of Assembly sat seventy-six days in the late session. Mr. Co^in wap present. t on seventh-five days, and Mr..Rpunaevell,on aixty Qne. A MEETING of the Kapunda Ifose Club : was called forlast night, but as some- ofthe mem bers were down at the Adelaide-Rjaces,and others. I %t one or other of the varions bush'fires.by which : the town was unfortunately surrounded, it was r not deemed advisable with flip small attendance ' ^ transact any business of importance. * We have been desired to .caU attention to the fact that Rev. Cannon. Coombs, will preach ' at Christ Church on! Sunday npxjt, on behalf of the Melanesian Missions. A. TEA meeting- was held on. Monday last in connection with the Bible Class, of the Congregational Church, Kopup.da,.oi% thp. occa sion of completing the session; and, entering into recess during the: summer months.. The* church - i was. beautifully decorated for the festive-gather* ing, and more than eighty sat dpwit tpjpartake of ' the good things provided fpr them* The-tables ? were presided over by six members of the.class the Misses Wright, Will, Richafdfe, lie wis, Hoff man^ and Struthers. After the tea, a meeting l waa held, when many more friends- were present. 1 The pastor (the Rct\ Morgan Williams), at tha - con^n^encement gavean encouraging account..of the Class and of the tegular attendance- of the members. Excellent addresses were.them gwjea' by Messrs. William Lewis, J.P., Will,. Cameron, . Inglis, and Logan; which were intersperaedby pleasing recitations by- thp following memberaof the Clasp;-Messrs. H. Stock, C. Will, Conigra^e,. R. Yeale* J. H. Yeatey R. Thomas, C; Green, Sishop, Clement Will, B. Willett, R. Cameron, J and M. Williams. After the usual votes, tlianjts. ajl separated,. apparently greatly pleageiL with the. proceedings of the- evening. On Wednesday afternoon last the open ing match, of the Kapunda Cricket Club was played. The weather was very hot, but thg» cricketers, were not to be daunted,, and as if toi show that th^y were possessed of one of the chief requisites, for making good cricketers-viz., esy durance* played with as much spirit as if the weather had been beautiful and cool. Sides were chosen on. the. .ground by Messrs., Jficholls anfk Scandrett, and play was commenced' about & quarter to 3 o'clock. The ground, is. by no means first-rate, especially for long-stopping,, which will account for- th$~ large number of byes made.. During the play there was some- pretty hatting exhibited by several members, and some fine catches, n^ade. The^e. was not time tft play two innings each. Scancbettfs side ecored48initheir first inning, and 78. in, their second--Nicholls'a side making. 103, in their first, leaving them, only 23 to get in the second,, but they did not go in a. second time % tfrey mp.y, hpwever, be considered the victors, with a good margin to space. Sub*, joined is the score ir Soura&Rpfs.; SIDE. FlRST INNINGS. SECOND INNINGS, Hill b. Horner ... 7 c.. Bolte . "> .10 Gallaway c. Wearing .... 4 b.Mannington 8 Scandrett, not out ... ...20,not out 5 Harden, run out ... ... 1 c. Bolte ... IS Fotheringhamb. Maimington 0 Nicholls... § Ferbrache b. Horner 2 b. Nicholls... 5 Pearce b. Waters ... .... 1 c. Mannington 3 Oldham c. Pasooe ... ... 0 McGuiness b. Mannington 3 b. Waters ... 2 Byes ... ... ... 9 Byes. ... lip Wide ... .1 TOe ... 2 Total ... ... ...i48 Total ,.f IflCHOIia'S Sedb. iriBST IHHXIWS. Hornqr b. Harden 14 UictioUu'b. Hill ' ... ... ...- 19 Kelly b. Ball ... * ... ... 4 Manningtonb.Hill... .... ... 16 Wearing, retired ... .. ... . ... %£ Waters c. Hardenfy Harden ... 11 Newman b.-Harden... ... - ... 3 , Pascae (not out) ... ... ... 0 BoLteb.Hill... ....... ... ... Byes ... _j Wide % Total ... ... ... ... 103 Just hs we spere g-oins1 to press this morning Mr. James Megaw, of near Stockport, informed us £ha,t a most destructive bush firs raged yesterday,, sweeping all before it fi-om liis range down to within b«Vf a mile of Stoekp.ort, and that at least -from twenty to thirty fanners have been entirely burnt out-standing crops, haystacks, allhftving been consumed. The firs raged with such, fierceness that it' crossed over a ?width of forty yards of ploughed land-and at three places crossed the river, but was fortunately kept under. The eight in the evening is described as having- been awfully grand, presenting the appearance of a vast city in flames. Providen tially the wind changed at sundown, or there is no saying h6w far the fire might have extended. We have heard a number of names mentioned of, farmers who have been the sufferers, but as accounts differ somewhat at present, it is as. well not to publish names. 