THE WEATHER IN THE COUNTRY. BALLAARAT. The wenther on Saturday and Sunday was very hot, with " brlckfielder" winds from tho north, though not very boisterous ones. The thermometrical readings were high on both days, and bush-fires were raging in all nuarters of ths horizon. Vegetation is parched, and where irrigation is not practicable, gardens nre sadly feeling tho need of a rainfall. Tho vine blight Is prevalent here and there in the district, vines that showed well for a good full crop having lost, in many cbscs, nearly all their fruit, while adjacent trees seem unaffected. — Star. CRESWICK. Several destrnctlve fires have occurred in the Crcswick district lately. On Friday, oats and wheat, to tho extont of about ten acres, belong ing to Mr. M'Fadyen of Smeaton, wcro de stroyed, and it was only by great exertions on the part of tho men present that the fire was prevented from extending. About half nn acre of crop of Mr. Davis, on the adjoining farm, was also destroyed at the same time. On Saturday a grass paddock belonging to Mr. Buchanan, at Seven Hills, caught fire, and but for the indefa tigable cxcrtioUB of more than 100 persons — comprising ConBtahlo O'Shnnn-ssy, tlio neigh- bouTS, and labourers in the locality, some of whom had their faces scorched, and beards, whiskers, and eyebrows burnt — Mr. Buchanan's dwelling and crops would have been consumed ; the fire was at ono time within a few feet of the crop. A large fire also broke out ou the same day tn B'ullarook, which destroyed a portion of the tramway belonoinrr to Messrs. Anderson Brothers, and the dwellings of several families. The fire, still burning, could be distinctly seen on Saturday night from Smeaton Plains, nnd pre sented au impressive spectacle. Such was the intensity of the local beat, that the thermometer at Crcswick, on Saturday, Indicated In the shade lODdeg., nnd nt Cluucs 108dcg. ; in the sun at Clunes, on Saturday, 154deg., on Friday 157dcg., and on Thursday 158deg. — Star. SANDHURST. The hot weather of the last few days has bean almost unbearable, from noon till 6 ot night, the thermometer usually ranging over lOOdeg. in the shade; on Saturday it was as high as 108deg., nnd yesterday It reached 112deg. A hot wind blow steadily from the west and north-west, like the blast from a furnace. Tub DnoUGnT. — It Is quite possible that If the present hot weather continues, Sandhurst will again have to bring water for domestic pur poses from the Murray. The Bupply In the Big Hill reservoir is lessening rapidly, nnd the Water works Company have found It necessary to issue a notice, stating that water will be supplied to the town only between certain hours. — Adver tiser.. CASTLEMAINE. Tho terrible hot weather stiff continues, and this summer promises to rival the lost one for its continuous dryness, although it is hoped the dally increasing heat will eulmlnato In a copious thunderstorm. Oa Sunday tho high state of the atmosphere was sufficient to prestrnte the physically strong,, and Invalids were reduced to a pitiable condition. There Is still a large amount of s'ekness in the district, attributable Iu a very groat degree to the severity of the summer. On Sunday the country around Castlemaine was literally on fire. Dnrlng the whole of Saturday a large bush-fire was ragiag, apparently in the neighbourhood of Fryerstown, Ou Sunday dense volumes of smoke ascending from theTaradalo district, Indicated that a conflagration of pro bably a calamitous character had broken out there. It is reported that both the new and old cemeteries of Taradaie havo boon burned. The .fire on Sunday evening, fanned by an ea9t wind, was fast spreading. At Mr. Garot'b shop, en Saturday at 1 o'clock, the thermometer stood, in the sun, 143deg. ; in the shade, lOSdeg. At 4 o'clock, in the sun, 135deg. ; in the shade, 104deg. ; tho barometer, 2943. — M. a. Mail. ECHUCA. The thermometer In Echuca on Friday, ac cording to the Herald, registered 138deg. in the sun and 104deg. in the shade. INGLEWOOD. On Friday the town hod n very narrow escape from such another conflagration as that which in December, 1862, laid eo great a portion of it in ashes, and it was due alone to the energetic ex ertions of our fire brigade, and the wise prepara tions made by our ceuncil in the censtruclion of the waterworks — laying down pipes to the town, and providing engines, etc., to meet such cases — that iu this instance the fire was confined to the building in which It originated. The alarm was glveu by a little boy named H anion, who had gono to Mr. Bradburne's hoy and cornstoro, in Brooke street, for some bran, and noticed Bmoko arising from the bottom of some trusses >-f hay which were piled up all along tho sldo of the store to a height of about 8ft. Tho fire brigado were quickly in attendance, and extinguished the fire, which only destroyed a few trusses of Btraw. The origin of tho tiro Is not known, but wo msy mention that It broke out in that part of tlio bay close to the Iron side of the store, and at a time wtien tho thermometer stood at 142Jcg., and it may therefore naturally ho referred to sponta- neous combustion. — Advertver. DAYLESFORD. The country round Dsylestord was nhlazo with hush-fires oil Sunday. Ouo very largo tiro on the dividing range, nearly due south, in particu lar attracted notice. Thera was another large one in the direction of Glenlvon. The licat up to about 5 o'clock tn the afternoon was almost Intolerable, but In the evening there was n nice cool breeze. On Saturday the paddock of wheat, the property of Mr. M'Craekcn, at Mobieallie, was discovered to be on fire. Every exertion was made to stop tlio progress of the flames, hut before thnt was accomplished, forty acres of wheat, all cut and tied, were destroyed. — Mer cury. 