PARLIAMENTARY PAPER REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE OX \- WATERWORKS MANAGEMENT. 'i our Committee having carefully considered . the question referred to them, viz. — to en quire into the charges made by the late Manager of Waterworks against the late Engineer, Mr. 1 England, make the following report :— j First.— The great weight of evidence which they have taken has convinced your Committee that tho embankment of the reservoir has becii I much reduced in bulk by compression - and ! shrinkage, below the contents of the excavation from which the materials were taken, aud that ! the measurements of the embankment and of ] the spoil heaps do not give a. fair test of tl}e number of cubic yards taken from the excava tion. These conclusions aie strongly supported by the evidence of Mr. Ashwiu, one of the engineers, who made the measurement for a Commission appointed by His Excellency to report on this matter. Mr. Ashwin states that he observed a shrinkage in the inner lace of the embankment, and also saw that a .considerable mass of puddling was put into tie centre of tho embankment, but that he did not make any. allowance for these items, bat that according to his instructions he measured the^ubic contents of the embankment and spoil heaps. - - - . - Secondly.— Your Committee a& find «eyeral items— such as additional payments -foriiMJd conglomerate met with during tbe course oi the works, clay taken from spoil banks to repair leak at south-west corner of reservoir, itepping to pitching, and. sloughing at foot °( embank :meat- stepping increaBed«lopeintoold*a*ani;- 'M , ment, ami replacing .top soil taken »ff tarier rt oaa&jot; embankmant, paid for bf Mr. Hamilton, 1 and%mounting Altogether to 18,385 cubic ytifo, - and for which Mr. England should hare aiJiw . anoe made 'to him* ? ? ' ' ?'? ?-: 'r ? *? ' ? J HE TbipJly.— Tour;«a»mmittee have arrived- at the «nclusion that Mr. England was not'« BDonslble for the accuracy of plans and sections which -were . prepared before he took charge' of the works, especially as three-fourths' «fibe reservoir was completed before that time. Mr. England also, in his report to the -3ommjasdBer of Waterworks, stated that he would nofrabo 'responsible for the accuracy of the plan* lind sections, and Mr. Waterhouse, when . Chief Commissioner, stated in his report to the So- _ ?vernment that tho plans -had been departed frotn on several occasions, and your Committee C(Wiaid«rMlr.-Kngl«Hi-1li«M»fitfff| h'M-frHy'th«FTH;V ' out the whole time of his supervision of tbt*e works. . . a- -. v J. T. BAGOT. Chairman^ The sale at Norwood -Town Hail was well attended on Thursday, and realised -noirly £100. The sale will be continued on Saturday, after 7 o'clock, and the concert will again com mence at £ o'alock. On Thursday, about 4 p.m., a bush'fire broke oat somewhere at tho back of }G fa Osmond, and rapidly assumed -formidable dimensions, clouds of smoke hanging sbout during the rest of the day. At night the con flagration presented a brilliant spectacle, .tho flames showing on many elevations along' the range from Glen Osmont to the south of Mitoham, some, of the fires lying haok ion various points, or sweeping -along the mountain sides, and appearing even on the fflcoof -ti;e hills. We have not yet hoard whether any serious damage is done. . A few days ago we published an addreas whieh had been presented to Lieut. Dongtas, R.N.R., by the captains of vessels at Port Adelaide. The following reply by 'Mr. Doufrhu has now been kindly handed .to us:— 'MnSne Board Office, Port Adelaide, ULth December, 1867 To Captains McMeikan, A. McCoy, It ; 'Ward W. McLean, J. Gordon, J. N. Smart;' D* McCaUum, W. S. SeweH, W. Begg,' It *nlej R. Phillips, J. Legoe, F. Drew anl bTV. Ward. — Gentlemen— In acknowledging therre cuipt of the very kind and. flattering festJiabiiial you have seat me in recognition or. my servlocs on this coast as Hydrographic Surveyor to' this colony during the last 13 years, I must eipreis to you the very (treat satisfaction I feel fliiS'nur humble efforts have been of service to you in the navigation of the South Australian waters. Believe me, every hardship or danger T may have met with in the course of carrying outmy duties is fully compensated for by tho know ledge that I have saved you! anxiety or diffi culty in approaching those parts of 'our ' coast which had not been previously surveyed with minuteness. Owing to my other difties in connection with the Customs DepartmV-nt many parts of our extensive seaboard havo-aot been surveyed by me. I, however, anticipate that the talented and skilful officers employed ? under the auspices of the' Admiralty 'will shortly render our charts complete, and rous augment your confidence in approacBiuaL or navigating the coast line of this province:. WiBli ing ycu health, safety, and success in ^he prosecution of your labors in the noble profes sion you belong to, I remain, Gentlemen, j»ur obliged and humble servant, B. Docglas. Lieut. R.N.R., President Marine Board, South Australia.' ? _c The Highlands op Cktion.— Neura Ellia is between 7,000 and 8,000 feet high, and ;the climate is of course very different from *bat of the lower country. Coffee ceases to grow, '.and rhododendrons supplant it, as they are said never to grow together. Tho rhododendrons are quite like trees. Potatoes and cabbagrrare grown and sent down tho country aa et great luxury, and eaten, not only by the Europeans, but by natives. There is very little good grass, and the cattle and horses live a great deal on a kind of dwarf bamboo. The place is a sani tarium for soldiers. Many people engaged in occupations In Ceylon have very pretty villa* in Neura Ellia, and come up occasionally; 'tjity often keep their children there all the' year round. It certainly seems to agree with them, for both they themBelveB and their nursemaids are rosy cheeked. The climate is certainly de lightful after tropical heat, but it is not to bo compared to the freshness of the table land of Australia. The nights are always cool, and &£ti- is always pleasant ; there are sometimes -white froste, and a coffee planter describing to loe^-tlie. beauty of the climate, said that not only wero there white frosts on the ground, but ^1 so sometimes on the tiees. Those who Ifrs in northern latitudes would not describe this as very delightful, but by contrast no doubt it is charming. One of the passes from Neura Ellia to some of the coffee plantations cannot be used by the bandies, and everything is carried on pack bullocks. The drivers make as coaxh as possible the same noise as the Swiai do whet! calling the cows.' People amuse themselves with elk hunting ; there are plenty of elks',' ar.. I the sport is good. '' There are leopards, which are troublesome sometimes and take .tlie cattle. Upon the whole, the evil of wild beasts .and snakes in the tropics is very mucli.exaggerate-5- I myself have never met with .anything vvprso than a mosquito or a gallinipper— a giiUinipper is a large striped mosquito, the hyena of: the breed. Strangers, however, erpsct' to*; reo snakes always crossing their path, and to hear the tigers purring by the sides of the roadr.. The elephants in Ceylon sometimes do harm amongst the coffee plantations by treading them down. There are some called rogue elephants - they are supposed to have been turned out of the herd for misconduct. They always go alou», and Ecem to like to do as muoh mischief as pos sible ; sometimes they wantonly kill people. A. man is said once to hare told a story of his having shot two rogue elephants, right and'lef t, with a double- barrelled gun; au Irishman who heard him asked what sort of game bag* ia had to cany them home in. — Overland from South ampton to Queensland. Am Amkbioan Prairie. — 'Our couto for some distance lay over an elevated pls&eeu; around which, for an hour or two, dark thunder clouds colleoted. Out of one of these dropped a curtain of rain,' gray in the centre, but of nn intense indigo hue at tha edges. It slowly passed us on the north, split, from ono mioute to another, by . streaks of. vivid rose-colored lightning, followed by deafening detonating Deals : when, lust as we seemed to -inw- escaped, it suddenly wheeled and burst upon us. It was like a white squall on a ttopio bos. We had not lowered the canvas curtains of the coaoh before a dam gave way over our heatU, and a torrent of mingled wind, rain, hail, aud thunder overwhelmed us. The driver turned his mules as .far as possible away from the wind and stopped ; the coach rooked and re*led as if about to overturn ; the hail smote like volleys of musketry ; and in less than fifteen minutes the whole plain lay four inches under water. I hare never witnessed anything even approach ing the violence of this storm ; it was a marvel that the mules escaped with their lives. The bullets of hail were nearly as large as pigeon's eggs, and the lightning played around like a succession of Bengal fires. We laid the rifles in the bottom of the coaoh, and for half an hour sat in silence holding down the curtains, and expecting every moment to be overturned Then tbe tornado suddenly took breath, com menced again twice or thrice, and ceased as un expectedly as it oame. For a short time the road was a swift stream, and the tufts of buffalo grass rose out of an inundated plain ; but the water soon found its level, end o*jr journey was not delayed, as we had ca-rae tn fear. Presently Mr. Soott descried a. huge rattlesnake, and we stopped the 'coach' and jumped out The rattles were too wet to give any sound, and the snake endeavored to escape. A German frontier's man who was with usflrerl a revolver, which stunned rather than wounded the reptile. Then, poising a knife, he threw it with such a secure aim, that the snake's- head waa pinned to the ? earth. Cutting off tlie rattles, which I appropriated, we did him ti.. further injury.' — Colorado : a Summer Trip. L.TVINQ bt His wrrs.— According t-J h=* history, he had commenced life with £8,OQ0 a year and a commission in a crack cavalry rcgi ment. 'But,' as he used to say with- thi utmost gravity, ' I made the running too early in the race, and could not ? stay' with the other horses. In six years I had sold even- acre of land, every pound of Consols, and had rcn uu the wrong side of the post to the tunn oi' £12.000. I sold out, and the price of my trooi ► piid half uvy debts. I Trent through the CouA. for about £8,000, and then set to work we pri vate jgentleman. I lived a Httlo by bottiD^ * little by whiit, a little hy billiards, alittte hv.fc. few fivers and! tenners that I * borrowed* Irciu friends aud relations when I was very hatS up So long as I kept to what I understood, I got ou well enongh, but the devil tempted mo 1-. set up as a wine merchant, and in'- one year I lost— that is, 1 owed, for I'-\a.\ no losses in trade -£1,500, and 1 -tWWt through the Court* second time. How did' I loss the money? Ill tcH you. I used to jret uav £900 or £400 worth of wine, giving thr^mombv Inlla to the importer for what r&ugut.; TVLtja my cnstomerBpftld me I spent the money. eo-i did not meet my engagements. 'Tho. wholsjale wine merchants pot angry ; one of th?in air ^r ted mp; and I had to eo throutrh the Court r i™« sent back, and bad to remain sir months In tbis hole. I then set up as a coal merchant but wade a mess of that: for I found that T paid higher for th&ctwls; Ibought than I could j :--tail them for, even if. I had sold' them 'by ~thi eaok but of a haad-eart ' 80 1 had to go thronih tho Court as a coal merchant. Since th»n f^.ro boen a promoter of ooinpantes, and that wii tue jolliestgamebyfar. , Why; I had at oae tlin« * matter of nearly £4,000 to niy creait.;^^ of the city banks: .Bat the times all '%r«at bad ?f^lTas sued TTghtand left bytho^who' had taken shares in the coniserhs I had^prbmoted.' %£&r1;$F*$^ ^§'~ ? Huorio.»ei4 it ia known, rough»n» 'glass bv diMolviagiu .oi*m« ; J»ut, .^|f :**» pa^ai*. aolvedon wa4er,-%-;8la*» wUlirtiU^dbsolv-ed, but without producing roughness. Onthteoa trary, such a solution may be used to poUsh glaw and clear it from scratches and th. .fficte 