love Ffineea. No. IL Last week we ran over the characteristics of the principal plants usually employed In form* iDg live fences in the colonies, purposely omit ting the Osage orange, as believing it to be of sufficient importance to deserve an article to itself. It has been stated that the fenoee in America have cost as much as the amount of the national debt of England, and that in some parts of the country the fences oost doable the value of the land they enclosed. Both these . assertions are in all likelihood true, for Ameri can formers are " tail" at fenoee. They know the valne of them, and at times pat ap very j expensive boundaries. Perhaps in America the formers rather overdo it, tor when the j cattle and sheep are stall-fed or foddered for j many months in the year, there is not that great need for protection in the shape of! hedges or fences. The Amerioan former is so fond of fencing that upon some forms where the cattle are always soiled and never allowed to roam, he etfl^insists upon dividing his land into small paddocks and planting fences round them. We do not recommend euch extrava gance. Nor do we see the utility of such very small paddocks, especially grain paddocks. Grass may and ought to be divided, for a hundred acres of grass, divided into four pad docks of twenty-five acres each, will oarry nearly, if not quite, twice as many head of cattle aa it would with no subdivisions. The cattle require more shelter than the oorn in Victoria, under the present system of culture, when the grass lands are kept for grazing only, with no prospect of intrusion on the part of j the plough. We will, therefore, at once in troduce the plant which, according to report and past experience, has proved itself most effective as a farce plant, not only in America, bat also in a few individual cases in Victoria —the Osage orange. It appears this plant is indigenous to that part of America watered by the Osage I Biver, inhabited by the Osage Indians, and the small fruit bears eome little resemblance j to oar common orange. In a practical little j treatise issued by Messrs. Law, So inner, and j Co. last year, upon this plant, very plain guid ance is given to those who desire to ruse the j plant from seed, and the most efficacious plan j seems'to be as fallows:—" In August immerse the seed in tepid water for two days, after which mix the seed in about four times its bulk in sand, or wood ashes moistened, but ] not too wet. Spread this mixture on eome sacking three or four inches think, covered so as to exclude the light end protect it from extreme cold; turn it over at least once ia the twenty- four hours to prevent fermentation, and keep-the whole equally moist; prevent the mixture from becoming too dry, and only keep np a moderate moisture. If made too wet the seed will rot. She germ will easily be observed when it is pot forth, and the seed may stow be sown in a properly-prepared bed, or on (he line where the fouoe is to be. The young plants will appear in about three weeks after this, and then will require weeding. The seeds ought to be sown in drills, and e few long scarlet radish are recommended to be sown in the rows, -the radishes being quid growers wQl soon indicate the position of the rows, and permit the process of weeding to he carried oq much earlier and without danger to the young plants in the drills. The radishes may be need as soon as they have effected the purpose for which they were sown." She Osage orange nearly always sends down a large tap root, and in transplanting, especially upon heavy eCSs, it is found better to shorten this Up jrodt; the better way to do this is while taking up the: plants in the rows to pot the spade (which ' ought to be very sharp) down obliquely and sever the tap root about six inches beneath the surface; this will induce a more fibrous growth ef mots; but in light sandy and oar ordinary soils this root-pruning Is nrinsriessaiy. She line of ground to be 'ocoupiedfjiy m, Osage orange fame mmt be weillremohcd ahd carefully prepared, and if the bottom bp wet, drafting will be nsaessaey; adoubfo Bab of • .plants is bettor than btfrigb ! ienq* and JTtito rofta frpput'tlMtitqpsjori heads of thepknts fiuybs eat'tiMTa,^ «M;; 'advfcad^w&'% : inches of the erowh.; flbonld a dkmMc .Hair f ? iflirriti id D&i; fa ™Tiitftr fftfim i \- IP Iff! Opj.P "wsfreefrw^^dignpUth. i^asphnf the/year.- (Asotliqr point In tic favour is, that the leaves are unpalatable to the cattle in consequence of the presence of a strong aromatic juice. Unlike those hedge plants usually employed in this colony, and which spread their roots over a latgearea .of land on both sides, to the great detriment of the toil and inconvenience to the owner, the Osage sends its roots perpendicularly down, and draws its subsistence from a great depth. This peculiarity fully explains its ability to withstand the effects of our withering hot winds. Planting may be oomihenoed with onr first rains in April, and may be continued until September, but not later. Plants of a year old will tardy be over six inches high, bnt these plants, if allowed to grow unchecked, would make a shoot of five or six feet the second season. Hie efficiency of the fence depends almost entirely upon the maasgement this first year. At no stage is more o&re; required than at this. Any neglect or mismanagement at the start will be manifest throughout after years. The pamphlet we have referred to advises the pruning the seoond year, or one year from the transplanting, to be within three inches of the ground. The shoots grown after the first catting, made at period of transplanting, will now number three or four. A second catting may take place in the December following. Daring these processes the weeds diould be kept down. -If these prunings be carefully performed, and not top great anxiety displayed towards preserving long shoots each time, the fence ought, at the end of fourth year, to be a most formidable one, and will well repay all the trouble bestowed upon it. Although some American growers boast that they can make it impervious to even a rabbit or vat, it will be quite satisfactory to our farmers, we presume, if sbeep, pigs, and poultry can be kept in their proper places. Permanence in a fence is one of the most desirable points to obtain, and this quality the Osage orange possesses to an eminent degree. And it will also not only withstand onr hot winds, but a bush- fire is not so destructive to it as to the evergreen acacia or othera posses sing essential oils in their composition. A cor respondent writes in 1862 from Mooroobark, " that a bush-fire at Christmas spread and ignited the dry grass in his Osage orange fence and burned the leaves of several plants, which he expected to find destroyed, bat that they soon after pat forth fresh foliage, and woe growing as vigorously as evev not evincing any ill-effects from tiro accident. The value of the plant for fonoes is consider ably enhanced by this proof of its power to resist the effect of bush fires." We have seen no evidence of disease in the plant in Victoria, although in America, we understand, that an old fonoe is sometimes subject to a apeeies of blight ( but we won't anticipate ev3, it is time enongh to this visitation when it appears. As a proof of what may be done with n fenoe which from misfortune or early bad management has beoome open to trespass at bottom, a grower with a bill-hook out each plant half through at the ground, and in one eesson it became, as he termed it, "pig-tight, bull-strong, and horse-high j" the. plants, sprouted all round the crown and along the stem, thus making it perfectly dose and defiant to almost every living The cost per thousand of year-old plants will be this season about 20a, with a reduction, we presume, for a quantity. A nsfle will re quire, if only a single row be planted, .about eight thousand, in a double vow the plants may be a trifle farther apart, and we think that fourteen thousand wQl be ample- lib one podge twelve or fourteen pounds for the material of a mile of good, beautiful, 'durable fencing. For cheapness -and economy the advantages for, say twenty yeari, ste nt Imsp fonr to one in favour of the Osage orauge as a fence in comparison with poebond-rails. We notice that the plants of ah«c season's growth are already advertised. 