:;^;:.rv;::;^^ Tho late lamented 1866 has been succeeded by/a ? ; ; promising- , representative. After the fashion of youth— especially of colonial youth— the new heir of the ' centuries has begun by displaying a 'Some what frolicsome tendency ; and we ourselves have fallen in, with his humor, nothing loth', perfectly weu Knowing tnai tms is only me natural prelude to 1 a career of wisdom and work.-. ..It isS a .pleasant conceit that, at this festival season,' We,* also can ! turn oyer: ft new leaf,: starting afresh' intb; un explored i-egioiis of life-adventure, lightened 'bythb experience of the past; , As yet, however, , it ; must be acknowledged, the tendencies of 1867 .have . not. been favorable to sentiment. ? Individually and col lectively, we have been goilig ; in '?'? for. .what,;Mr Eiehard Swiveller would. call ' the gay-and'Hyely,'.' '? litft papainimical to tlie cultiyatioaof1 the :-' grave and shady.'; '.'Paradoxical j. as ' 'it may; seem,; one, 'notable feature . 6f New- Years day celebrations is Iheir lack of novelty ;— and indeed? any novelties ;'?;?? should be very attractive in order to supersede the .' entertainments with wliioh '?' custom ',h;as ^nis,de '' us so familiar. But, it- is safe to sitythtit many ,of this year's amusements, have been ,;--ojE a ??superior, character, and apparently enjoyed, by;; a, more .nu merous proportion of ithe community^ .'? The; Chain-: pio'n' Eace was admittedly the -most interesting event tfiat has taken jilace upon . Australian ground. The Foresters'. Fete, the~.Tiu.rn Verein, tho Coniyn na Feinno, and other; special, pastimes, seom to liavei left their votaries rib reasonable; desire';; ungratified ; arid we are still in th* midst of the excursion fever, miniature exploring fpa'vtiosproceeduig day: after day,' up the cpuritryji^'dowa.^f^;Bayj-,;raouna';.tl-e; ?c'oasii wherever .picmckeryrTcau. bo .combined with the picturesque. : And tho same ieative : spirit lias; prcvailocl all over the colony, the people of BaUaarat,' Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and [still more steadily going hives of humanitydesertiiig desk andcounting house, mine, mill' and' workshop, for1 tlie ahnual. interval of relief from labor and care. ;;- But, as in all 'other things human, the festivities^ i 'of the tinie have been attended by not a few incidents of a different charaetoi The /Australian, summer -has set in,, with perhaps more than its wonted-; in ;'? tensity; and the fierce Jsun has been: malting sad havoc in town and coun-try.; There hayebeeh'some very serious bush-fires, .here and there ;? and !if pro cautipnary measures o^o; riot adopted, there .'isinb \- knpwing Jipw. far this, particular ; peril ^yill;^tend; To. Uonch, and to. clear ; away supeiflupuscom buatiblos : around homestead and hayrick , is;fi maHj fest dutyj and ?'travellers ought to guard; against themselves igniting thft'grass perhaps liable, to ^he calamity in any case. Not belie ving in Eochefoucaurd's philosophy, that i ^thorp^is something gratifying iq the misfortunes even of our friends, we derive no consolation from the fabt that oar Adelaide , couginf appear to be at least as; miserably situated as our selves from bush conflagrations. There have ulso already been some very Eoiious. township fires, some clearly attributable to- incendiarism; but all greatoi than they would otherwise Jb , from the action of tlie hoi weather on the buildings: , At'Wiltiamstpwn.ana ? St. Kilda, the disasters appear tohave been aggravated by the carelessness of private individuals,' and the still more scandalous, neglect of the Waterworks* department. , An accident ': to the hose of the Iocs I brigade, ?which'' could and^ought to, haye.bebn- pre- vented, caused a damaging/delay at WilUamsto\vn; and thero cai^bo. no doubt' at, all that the absence pi a proper water supply led.to great destruction oi; pvbpertyat St. Kilda. Tlioio is ovidently something very wrong in' the management of the Yan Yean .? when the supply is either diminished or. cut pf- altogether at the . very: period when it. is most re quired. Many of the suburbs have to bo conjtenl ' with short allowance, to dia|ons6 not only with, tlu ' bath, but still more urgent requirements ; yet .this: is endurablo compared with the 'risk of ifiio night and day. Tho pnbUc have to: jitiy handsomely f^or the supposed accomodation; and jit is really disgi'aceful to take their money, lull; thoiri into false security, and leave ilieia'' to . be either; famished in .dirt and discomfort, or burned iii th'oivibeds. - If WJ ore to revive the primitive tank and^vater-cart as tho onlj remedy against thirst, and filth;, and flrb; tho hooivoi; weknowit the better. ?--, ;??,, . . ,; , ,? ;....:? ? The presence of the aboriginal iteam imparted an ngreeaWo peculiai'ity : to tho 'Christinas festivities, and it is not unlikely to/effect .results, still more gratifying.. Inverting, the old process, the native.!, considerably astonished , ify'-l by ' ihcir; .in telligence and adaptability; anil iiv luturo: wo are likely to regard tit ;j ra'co with somo respect as- well ? aV sympathy. \, It is a pity wo did not lake the right mode^ of VWeJopiitg- iueir good qualities, till thom Bejyes as well as their vice.'i and virtues had almost disappeared. Since they have- been found capable ot mastering the mysteries of crickit ahd-bowkY andaiumated by as keen an 'anit,ition to 'succeed |iind at least-as honorable a spiiit as if ihlsy belonged. to the $$.. O.C. itself)^ thbre can Lauo doubt that they could learn still better things. A corre ppbndent of Tlie Age seems to think that, -aithough theyimalce capital cricketers, ? they make bad Christians, and that missionary effort in this direc-: tion is only thrown away. '? We don't agree wit)i tun 'tis to, the* uselessness of missionary effort,, but we kitmit that there is some room for improvement in the . inode of making it. Could the missionaries not try ''mnscuhir Christianity,'.' in a. more rational style |han was qveiv contemplated by Kingsley or Cai-lisle. 'As- yet the: aborigines ore much more physical thanN moral and: intellectual beings, and. the predominance bf the; physical element should not be so much pverlooketl as-it has been by; the missionaries in. their efforts to; regenerate them . ? ; Perhaps without speoidllyintendingit, Wills has- more dii'eptly reached their moral: susceptibilities, by first regarding them' as mere bodies, witli only such a latent germ bf spirit as might be developed into a soul. A great point has been gained with inferior, races when you have succeeded in stimulating their ambition., ; The key which : will open a door of success to our missionary effort is to be found there. . We respectfully: submit therefore' that the missionary, might 'take a. lesson from the cricket', field, where Hayman and Wills have shown that they have not only ; taught the aborigines, self-respect, by developing their physical strength and sldll, but, by quickening their ambition in one' direction at least, have broken down thaj; stolid animal content which is. the most stubboiis. obstacle to the reform of savage life. ' Tlie inhabitants of : Lilydale have shown thnfc political vivacity is not- incompatible with primitive simplicity. Poetical .in name', and ; pictui'esfj[ue iii its sulToundings, this spmted township seems re solved upon acquiring, historical repute also. The banquet to Mv': Watkins, : ?M.P, for Evelyn, is an event of which ? Lilydale : politicians may well be proud— -just as Daniel Webster told the men of Ebchestei1 they Plight to be proud of their' famous waterfall. 'Men of Eochester,' was his perora tion — ' no people ever lost their Uberties who possessed a waterfall a hundred and fifty feet high ! ' ! In the same sense., we im*agine, the inde pendence of jLilydalo seems based/ upon the rock of Evelyn.' It, seems cimous that neither of ? the members ; for' South Bourke took part in the pro ceedings. -Probably they were not invited. The bnly legislators present wero Messrs M'Lollan and Bt G. ©avies-rthe dove of Ararat and the ascotic of Avoca. .'Mr ITumflray was also there, and no doubt 30 Ini'ge, an infusion o£ tho ? Wolah element induced a corresponding arrangement of the bill of fare. If it was judicioas to provide Welsh rabbits, however, it was scarcely good policy to confine the liexuors to aolonial wines, and wo should not be surprised if this accounted ;fqi\\- the absoiico of many kindi- od spirits. Mr Watkins is a staunch supporter of the Ministry, but from this it is evident that he can be magnanimous enough to accept a compliment from their enemies. One is puzzled as to which to ad mire most — the disinterested ahaiulon of Davics and \j['Lollan, tho modest dignity of tho lion, member for Evelyn, or the -sagacity of the people of Lily lalo in recognising and honoring intellectual attain ments and political fidelity. ? MedicaL.men arenet.altt'ays such angels of bene volence as we have boon acdustoniod to think. Two jentlemon, Drs. Whitcomb and Hadden, have. been sensured by cpronei's' juries for having negloctol to ittend'two little i children, who, as it is allegod'.died ri;consequenco. Tho first child died at EastColling yood, on.Christmas evo, of pleurisy and inflammation -f tho lungs. According to the mother's testimony, ihe had applied' to, IU1- Whitcoinb, who promised to :omc, but:did yot.' According to Dr. Had.don, who nado a post movtcm 'examination, tho child had at , east a chance of being saved, by prompt treatment. EToro it soems difficult to exonerate Dr. Whitcomb, vho ought not to have cohsontod to attend and then )rokori his word, merely because there was but a iloudy chauco of his fee. Wo wonder if Dr. Had Ic'n wasvoiy sorry for tho mishap of his learned jrbthpr. ?' It does not appear to have had very much jffect upon his own professional conduct towards iis poorer patients, at all' events. Not long after yards ho was applied to on behalf of a child in neasles, but he refused ; again applied to, iind told ihat the cliild was in danger of death, ho persisted in his roftisal, and then the poor little thing escaped io whore, if there be any doctors, they are not such as ?bfuso to 'fool 'a pulso beforo lingering a fee. Dr. ?Itidden's excuse is tliaf he could not attend ; but is the jury believed, that ho would not, tlicy.cen mred accordingly. ' Now, when poor people aro in ?xtremis ifcis in'uxcnsabie for medical men, without L'easonablo grounds, .to. neglect them, simply because they are poor; but at tho same time -wo must ro ineiuber that . thero is no profession tho members of which 'bestow more genorous caro upon the Uumblor classes withouttho prospect of reward; Neither of the gentlemen here 'refeiTfid to would deliberately let a child die—at least we presume so— if they actually knew that life or death depended upon their .exertions. It is always the dark and disparag ing story we hear ; seldom the kindly motive and action, which no nidney could adequately compen sate. But at all events it is evident that if Buch cases again arise they will load to a closer ; scrutiny, and a more practical issue than d verbal rebuke. : .It appears that Miv,M'Bain is about to visit 'Europe, and, as he may extend his-travels to the United States, he will probably be .absent: the best part of a year. This is a bereavement for which we profoundly sympathise ^with. the i. residents' in the Wimmera district,. upon whom the calamity will press heavily, since they,are:, so few in number. Mr M^Bain is a representative; whose parallel it would ke: difficult to discover. : JVe all recollect that famous speech of his, in which he explained to his constituents the two lands of progress to which nations may asp^e— one forwards and . the other baclcwards ; and the same lofty, range, of thought and lucidity of expression have . characterised his whole legislative career. '? We can imagine the en thusiasm with which lie will bo received in his native district ;. how the pride of. his adinirers will find vent in'; the local joui-nal, whose Melbourne coiTespondont kept it regularly posted up as to. Mr M'Boin's parliamentary efforts — bywhich, as the correspondent so truthfully indicated, Victoria was Safely brought through the constitutiouai crisis ! To find another equally gifted is out of, the ques tion ; but, as the coming, session is likely to be an important one, perhaps the Wimmerians will prefer having an inferior repijesentative to having none at all. As yet, Mr M'Baiii had noc said' wliether he intemis to resign in the interval— probably he de fers this out of consideration for the feelings of his constituents; Nevertheless, disagreeable as the duty is, he must brace himself up for the .effort... He is too statesmanlike to keep the seat locked up, and expose himself to the imputation of sacrificing his constituents to the exigencies of the League. .It is now said that the- Intercolonial Conference will take place on Monday next, but we doubt that satisfactory conclusions can be arrived at unless all the members ofthe Australian group are fairly re presented.- '. Messrs Martin and Eagar, the New Ssuth Welsh delegates, have already arrived, but the Chief Secretary of South Australia is not to start till the. 18th inst.'; and it is uncertain whether the insular colonies will be represented at all. ? It is hard to say how even the border dutie^ question can bo disposed of, in the absence of South' Australia. As tho New South Wales Legislature is in recess, pro bably Messrs Martin and Eagar can remain for a few weeks longer. In the meantime, between them and the Victorian G-ovemment, some arrangement could be made for improving the -navigation of tho Murray, which is in itself a point of immense im portance towards settling and developing the country on both banks of tho river. Unreasonable as are tho propositions made by the South Aus Lralian Government, with tho view of establish ing intercolonial free : trade, our Govern ment has received them courteously, and axprcsscd a desiro that they should be satisfactorily discussed. 'The. propositions sub mitted by you,' writes Mr M'Culloch, 'for on ad justment of the rovonuo laws of the several colonies, with tho view of removing somo of the . difficulties ihat now beset the large and increasing intercolonial ;raffic, are important and well vrorthy of the camost ;onsidoration of the rospectivo Australian' Govern nentsV I- have therefore much pleasure in stating ihat this Government is prepared to enter upon a jonferonce, with the view of discussing the questions ?efcrred'to by youi Icannot, hbwbver, refrain from jxprossing an opinion that thorp aro many difficul ,ios in the way of carrying out your sugges ;ions in their, entirety; still I trust that a full liscussion at the Conf erenco of all matters in jonnection . with these quotations may have the uToct of removing them.' . From this it will )o evident that our Government is animated by a lincero desire to secure justice to all parties. We ionfess we are not very sanguine as to tho spirit in vhich South Australia will act, when it comes to tho ioint'. She has antiquated liotions of privilege and }olicy, which conflict with the progressive impulses if tlie younger colonies ; and she is likely to mako a iard fight beforo yielding to reason. Tho more jomplctoly this Conference roproscnts Australasian )pinion, the moro likely will it be to result in a just uid permanent arrangement, Our Collins-strebt contemporary lias commenced iho ncw.ycav remarkably well. It was s«pposedthat, ivitlj, the chango of maniigen'ient, thcro^would bo an jnd of . tho systom wliich culminated in tho pub lication of the letter signed ' Vindox'— a slander 40 moan and malicious as to disgust nion bf all political oi-inions. But in the New Year day num ber the slander was adopted and revealed in tlie ? I same underhand, manner. Thus: — ' We have re- ? 1 ceived a second 'communication from oui'lcoiTespon- ? i dent ' Vindex.' We must declinetp prblisli the letter; ' 1 in full, but.in justice to 'Vindex' 'wemay statethatlie ' I firmly; adheres to the statements the truth of which ,; I #have been impugned by Mr Francis'.' Now, .the, .' 1 fact being that ' Vindex '?? ia brother to Mr Mac- ? ?' I kinnon, one of the 'Argus proprietors,' the jfreteiice . 1 of ' receiving communications,' and sb.fbrth,' only '. I addsto the shabbiness of the affaii% Next day there ' I appears a notice refusing to insert Mr PrancJs.'s:; I letter,; accompanying formal declarations1: swomu I before; a magistrate,' by Mr Wise, hairdresser,' Col lins-strebf; and his Assistants, emphatically denying ? the statemeiis '.of 'Vindex;' '.But still there' is ;a'{ lower deep. Ha Wngf refused the common justice' of : . publishing theso . affLtWdts, the Argus of .Thursday ' thus goes down upon ifa litres ;':—' ' Vindex' ' haa , ! again written ;to us, saying that, ii! ike face ,of the. ; sworn t'estimony of .Ma- Wise ami 'his : .assistants* it '- '.', would': be : wrong in him to insisi that5 lie 'might; not/ have been mistaken as to the language niade nsfe' of '* - by Mr Francis's son, since _it is' alleged . ihiit . ' fiaiig ;. you' was what was uttered^'aud not {ho'.strgngor ox- : pression mentioned in ' Vindex's' first letter, lOuv ? ' correspondent also states that his. belief iii what '?' he heard vMs strengthened1 by. :;an 'ekqlarnatioii ; which he quotes; respecting the conduct of the boys, ' made by a gentleman who 'was:present.'' ' From '. the, sv?ora statement of ; Mr. Wise,, refemn'- to ,: the chij.dron, we shall append- just one extract:-- ; ? '7. I recollect Mi* Mackinnon asldng me whose boys ??'' they were, 'and I answered they were /Mr Francis'^; ; ' upon which -Mr Mackimipii, looking at one, of tYie'nv'-: remarked that the boy was very 'like, the Tfismanian/; Devil ho saw tho other day, by-- '.which. I imclevstood ? ..-. Mr Maeldnnoh to refer to' 'the ? picture which- ?? appeared in Melbourne Punch; This roinnrlr ; af Mr ', Mackinnon 's was the only improper 'Ian- '. guage inade use of .ia. my hearing,'; Apropos of this, our unfacetious; contemporary, - for once in a . way, has an amusing illusfo'riuon. ' 'Vindex' is depicted as a stout personage in' Scottish costume, birching a couple of boys, wliile Mrs Sairey ' Gamp looks on in liorror, exclaiming : ' A Minister's son, and he sweariug !' . The u'nin- '. tentional appropriateness of this lies in the fact that ' Vindexj' the 'only person who; used impropur language' on the occasion, is himself the son of tlie ?? Eev. La'chlari -Bfackinnon; of Skye ! , A ministers' : son, and he usnig language really calculated to occasion juvenile depravity. This, ig, Satan .re proving sin with a vengeance. ,- ?; . ; Bather a novel case of affiliation came before the Prahran police court the bttier day. A woman named Shannon, summoned one Mr Oavson Ebbert- „? son, for having neglected to support her iUegitim'ite . child, of .which he was the father, liobei-tson conld '» not deny tho paternity ,: or no doubt Jic 'would, 'so he ' was ordevcJ to support his oilspring, and to give se curity foi1 bis doing so. If the woman's story be .-.. true — au^'. her statement has not bcon impugni'.di Eobertson deserves punishment of a far moro treiv- . chaut character. She states that he was received - by ner parents as an accepted suitor many years ago ; that he . induced her to remain out . one ni^ht, got some of his associates ?' to go tlirough tho fomi of a marriage/and that it : was only after living with him for some time she discovered that the so-called ceremony was a Sham. Surely, supposing these facts substantiablo.Eobcrtton, and the o^her scoundrels who actocl Avith him, odnLl' be' arraigned for a conspiracy to debauch. It is com- : mon enough- to say that victims 'of-' profligacy rav ? themselves to blamG-r-(»{0?'-; to blame, according to the logi'o of those who seem to .sland i;n a' kind of anticipatory Belf-defence)— but if Robertson's victhn were not virtuous, there would havo been no neces- -. sity for the mock marriage. . '?':.-. ? '? -.- ? +- — — — ? ?'???': Wo leani tlutt, since being served with the wit, , Mr Ai-nistiong has partially withdrawn the ? charges .:.' 'made by linn against Mr Sands, but tho withdrawal ' is not such as can be received as an apology. The Eangitoto, with the Panama, :mails, , has r, aiTived, arid ;onr merchants- have: teen placed i» possession of a week's later correspondonce.« iTdc grams to a;still later date have been received 'by- ' tho Indo'-European line, but tho fuller intelligence to bo found in iho private correspondence and ' '. tho homo journals will doubtless prove interesting-. . Thero was, ? however,, but little doing ia London at ? tho time the mail left; and; with tho tecoplion i of tho situation of the. Papacy, : which.' appears to be biij its last legs, and the ' unsatisfnc- , tory condUion ; of Spain, affairs.' .on the Continciit weto commanding lut little attention. Tlie Eef orin movement was still progressing, anil . Mr Bright had been entertained at, a banquet, In . Dublin. His. speech- on tho occasion we reprortneo. in another column, : *'?''.'. ,. ' ?: ? 