t .CO-OPERATION. - - -I In a late issue of tho Dalby Herald, I ob- serrod wi Hi grout delight that u leading article had bean devoted to the very interesting sub- jcct- of-(>i-oporaiun. The iiraguiiicenl roeullb of that system in tho old country might .surely arouse some in our midst' to tue correspond ingly great benefits to be derived from" it' amongst ourselves. In our boundless-acred country, what might it not effect? All tliat- is required is merely tlie plastic mind to initiate tho idea. Once set g ing, it would spread like n bush-fire — and "beauty from aihes.'.'. would surely accrue. Not hut we Australians have tbo system amongst- us; as a survey of the present, magnificence of Victoria—' aR brought about by " partnersiiips of industry"— bears ample testimony to, Many companies (of actual oo.operi.tjrs) liavo settled, and aro'yet ectlling, that rapidly-rising colony — and set tling it, too, It may be fearlessly asserted, on a molt 'substantial basis. _ Eighty, thousand diggers (numbers of whom came from those over-crowded towns and. cities Ju; lhc uld iand where' capital and labor are ever clashing) arc now',, under wise, and abont-tn-be-grcatly- liberaliscd land-laws, becoming the most sub- siontlel class uniler tbe sun— tbat of yeomen ! We are continpuliy dnnodiel> tne cry (rulaial' by tli'c.' really anti-progressive party) cnncern- ing rcapi!al " being,' brought " from " tbo old country. Here are the real capitalists I Pro vidence; cortainly, provided them with a bank ; but they were not too proud to dig for it. Each of those 'eighty thousand minors was a sort of Marcus Curtius— leaping into a gulf for tbe benefit of his adopted country ! Fiction, in that eolony of Victoria, is now rapidly becoming -fao). . Aladdins in uumber, who descended into tho bowels of tbe earth for a treasure, have now brought their Wonderful Lamps to the sarfaco, and by the aid of the finning nf tlin T.nmn. nrn beantifvimr the desert— if not with palaces, at least with" delightful institutions koown by that.hame so deur to Americans — homtitcadi / Prosaic ihen could hardly . have conceived of such a ..thing. If a dreamer— call him geologist initheiplace of necromancer— had whilom stood on Bendigo bfBallaratr'and declared to" a matter-of-fact man, " Under here lies a city," doubtless tho laiter would have turned his shillings in bis pocket, and Blessed the stats that he was not. such, a fool as to toilers sueh trash ! A usurer or brukor (merely with, tbe monetary sonl), in observing the same rapidly-risen -townships," would, from fiis_ instinct, poin t to the. maryel-. lous effects or capital and enterprise. Shrewd ness would be in error t Tlie glory of -those districts— of Melbourne itself — has really and truly been brought about by' the simple, though all-potent process of Co-oge ration ! . . It is not in a material, so much as a social point of view, that the principle of Co-opera ' tion' appeari'so delightful to'tfae writer. ,Re-. ciproca! interests evolve reciprocal human re gard..- Tbo existing relations of master and workman, it has been thought by. the greatest- and' most benevolent minds — from Robert Owen to noble Mills— to be of an entirely un healthy-description. One is but tbo frequently regarded . as a mero machine ; the other is looked npon by that machine as the unap proachable, inexorable Paymaster, ever con templating how to'irring a superfluity of wealth oat of the extreme penury of his workmen. Many: times, unhappily, this it hot too true. The vast difference between the mansion of the .largo luborrproprietor and the garret of the omployfi in hia factory, is unnatural — not to say inhuman. Children of the same Fattier ; born to euoh antipodal heritages, is something revoUid'g— and the world is beginning to believe that it is impiously wrong 1 Years ago — -a vory few years 'ago — none but a Chartist wonld hays said this : now, we find those mast prominent io Lords and Commons giving utterance to the same sentiment,— blending with the popular voioe for a great — a majestic revolutlon. ' The" Brigtjs' ColIiery, affair, "(to which tho article in the Dalby Herald parti- cularly. refers ; and which is even thought kindly of by ' the sseetic Saturday Jloeiew) has" opened" the eyes of thonssridi— even of " capitalists " — to tbe practicability of " Asso- oiellons of Industry," as well as ! to tho delightful results to bo attained , by tbe union of employers and employed— of metal- ciim-musele, .1 AYbat.. a., harvest. 6L hearts was reaped by that combination !' How' soon wea that " prince of devils," . old Brtggs, transformed into the beneficent old Briton ! And how. jolly iL was that- the. ex-bankrupt colliery should pay 17 por cent, the first year 1 : Lords and Commona — the highest; the noblest in the land - are now, aa stated above, associating themselves with this mighty move ment.' These" Associations of Industry '1 are associations of the intelligence of the world.: At Jhe8o(:ial_Scienca' _Ci-ngr'esa_heldj»L'ly..in . Manchester — npon the prime subject of Co operation being brought upon the board— we . find' Lord Shaftesbury "(tho long life-time T oo- operatdr, wo were abbut ' to uy with Heaven itself 1) lellihg the peoplo that, with freo , libraries anil co- operative societies, if' they did not raise tjiemseloes, they hould be criminal in the: sight 0f God. and man — foliowed by Lbrd: Brougham, who, withybe .flashing eye of hslfj a-ecntury or- more. ago, poiota exultantly to the " migbty-benefits" already visible from etKiperativs industries; mentioning the fact of 403 sbcietios, belonging exclusively to what are termed the working classes doing, in l8Ga,v a'busiuess of £3,873,847 — -followed by Mr.'. Hughes,- M.P., who spoke of the-'" store move ment" — the school of; all others— as being " stimulated by the wonderful suoeess of esso-v oiationa of- workmen in Paris:— foltnwed by VVultor Morrison, M.P., who -avowed that ha "felt a deepest interest iu tha community o/ interests between capital and labor:".— fol lowed . by ..Professor Fswcett— (who, in his beautiful presoience wltb'regard to the ultimate, grand results of this communism, may almost be compared to the great blind bard, who- closed his eyes on earth to gate on'beaven ") —who said that such partnerships as those' of. Messrs.; Brigga and thoir men were " a Bura remedy for disaffeotion and strikes,' snd ex- pressed his oonviction tbet V the future welfare of Englsild almost depeuded upon the oxten- sipn'bf this scheme to oil other branches of trade followed by Erneat Jones (proscribed no longer !) who, in allusion .to a peal which, hod just boon rung by the " Lanoashire Boll- ringers," said " it was a peal to colobrate the marriaga of onpital and labor and supported by a boat of .others, whose prosecco on the plalform-of-that Congress was boyond queatxon- a power of: itself. ' . To tbtw who oan take a 'retrospect of evon thirty years, note and. :fA«i;of; political partira appears realty marvellous !— Verily— I'The tliotiu'iU of intii arc vrltlen'd with llie proem of lite mni!' The writer well recollects' the time when a. Chartist was regarded With absolute liorror by' the very gentleineii wlio nuw blend heart and' 'soul with him! John Bright is really but a neW- time Clrartiet ;— und who would now think of imprisoning him ? Moreover, this very prin ciple of Co-operation is but the realisation of the dream of the " burning serais" amongst that repudiated body — to wit, the ..Thomas Coopers, the Henry Vincent s, the Ernest Joneses, the poor Feargus O'Connor's- of former times." : Iu conclusion, ono cardinal point most never be overlooked. Satire has long been directed agninst — even" Religion (where abiiel gatiun of personal appetite is concerned) has long looked cnoily on — that great principle which- is really the basis upon which resis tho now-magnificent superstructure of Co-opera tion; Adstinknce, iu its moi-t absolute, form,- as laid down by tbo " Alliance," has, been tbe indisputable secret of the sni-cess of the home GV- Opcralivc souietiea !" Tlieir places of- raeet- ing arc assuredly not the dens where, formerly, their absurd old trade societies were held/an tbe support of which dens, according to Lord Shaftesbury, costs the working mon of Great -Brhni»,.y,ti-tfr2fi millioDv«trling.| — nor .are. any of' tiio tyraunica! agents vended in thhie dens ever admitted into their soirees or'holi-' day feteii \ The people aro rising from -tire' degradation of self-imposed taxation 1 Milton's angolsays: — h . ! - - M VMint if cirth " . " . ,'4 . B bat ibe tkodo w of Afatvn, and nolltinff thrrwit) . ' Each to otter like, more than on cartAUtboatbtf- V Observing one of the Co-operative gather ings now, compared with the' old, selfish bacchanalian orgies, that beantifal thought of >"m 'heaven upon earth" is really realised by thonaanda of the wives, children, and sweet hearts of the " Kings to be." n . 8. G. MEE 