THE FARM-NOTES ON THIE MONTH. (From athe Australasian.) Ox the subject of the action of manures upon the soil, various and apparently con tradictory accounts reach us. It is evident that the discrepancy must arise solely from the difference in the character of the soils on which the experiments have beeoon tried. By comparing the results of the application of different manures upon the soil, the farmer may arrive at a tolerably correct opinion of their action in producing good crops. It must not be lost sight of, that the same sort of manure is not always adapted to different kinds of crops; and that whatever principles are taken fromnt the land by crops should be returned, in some form, to keep up the fertility of the soil. In leisure time, after the harvest, manure may be carted to the field and either placed in heaps ready for ploughing in, or it may be carted on to the headland if it is intended to use it later in the season. All carting of manure should, if possible, be done when the land is dry and hard; they prefer to take advantage of strong frosts in the old country, when the passage of a loaded dray makes no impres sion whatever upon the iron-bound earth. Dry, strawy manure, should be well rotted before beinig ploughed in; as it is nearly worthless to the soil, if it is not properly rotted, and indeed is more injurious than many people imagine, by keeping the soil too open. Now pastures, if stocked at all, should be stocked very lightly. Fooding off the young grasses may cause them to tiller; a largo flock of sheep turned into the pasture is better than a smell one, as the grasses can sooner have a chance to make a start again, when the stock are removed. Green Manuring.-For exhausted soils deficient in organic matters, it would be a good courase to take in hand and give themn one or two ploughings ; and when the soil is reduced sufliciently, to sow the seeds of any quick- growing plant for a crop to be ploughed down, thus contributing to restore to the worn-out soil some portion of its fertility. For this purpose, almhnost any kind of cultivated crop can be grown, as peas, buckwlheat, barley, rape, mustard, turnips, also lupins and sunflowers. Tobacco.-The present season has been favorable for the tobacco crop. If plants are put out now, select those which have four or five leaves, and are of a robust growth. Remove a foai of the small lower leaves from the plantations first put out, and give them a slight earthing. Pinch off side shoots and suckers ; take off the tops of the plants as the blossom-shoot becomnes devol oped; by the early removal of side shoots, suckers, and blossoms, the weight of leaf is greatly increased, and its ripening accelor atcd. Look after caterpillars. Late planted tobacco, or those from the second growth, should be stopped early to admit of the pro per riopening of the crop. K(eep the ground freeoo from weeds by the use of the horse and hand hoe. Potatoes. - In late districts potatoes planted in November and December may be horse-hood and then slightly earthed. Early pothtoes can be planted towards the end of the month. Mangolds.-Plant out mangolds in moist soils, taking care not to double up the roots in transplanting. Run the horse-hoe in the spaces between the rows of established crops, to loosen the soil and cut up wceds. Use of Salt in Growing Mangolds.-Dr. Voolcker's opinion of the value of salt is worth recording. He says he had come to the conuclusion that on light soils salt was oftein used with great benefit, while on heavy soils the advantage was not so apparent. Thie character of the soil had a great deal to do with the utility with which salt could be used. Amongst the properties of salt there was one which belonged to all very soluble saline matters, the property of retarding the growth of plants. Whoae applied in quan tities of above three cwt. per acre salt cor tainly retards the growth of plants, and for that reason it was of great utility on the lighter soils. It kept the plant for a longer time in good growing condition, and thei final result was that thore was a larger pro duce. That was decidedlly the case with regard to mangolds. In the eastern counties the moderate use of salt had very materially increased the root crop, and he believed it dlid so by retarding the growth of the phlant. In light soils, when dry weather sets in, roots were very apt to dwindlo away, or to yield only half' crops. By applying salt in moderato quantities, provided the land was otherwiseowell manured, they prolonged the lifo of the plant, the mangold crop did not then go off so rapidly, and a larger crop was obtained. On heavy land they ought to use manures like superphosphates, which tended to bring about early maturity. Rust.--Accounts from the country districts state that rust is prevalent in some localities. Attention must in future be more directed to the varieties of wheat which best with stand rust. It is to be hoped that the disease will not spread. A few weeks will now ripen most of the crops; some in the mosat forward districts are already harvested, the crops being reported as very fine. Tilligo.-There seems to be an advantage on clay and strong loamy soils in the deep and thorough tillage of the land when dry in tihe summer or autumn, which is so ro markably greater than the advantage of the same process at any other season as almost to require some special explanation. ?[heo greater effect of tilling soils when in a dry state is due to the increased aeration, and the subdivision of their component parts by the mechanical and atmosnherio influences. But whatever the explanation be, the fact on almost every kind of soil is unquestion able; and apy means of cheapening and roendoring meore effective a thorough summer tillage, and of increasing our power of carry ing it out, will be welcome to the fairmer. The Dairy.- Lucerno, mangolds, and groeen maize will be the main dependence of thie dairyman at this season. Prarie-grass is keeping up a tolerable show of growth; but it would be wise to keep stock upon green food, as lucerne, &c.;, for the most part during the present dry weather, and thus allow time for the grasses to recruit a little. Plough round stacks and homesteads as a precaution against bush-fires. Sow turnips, if the soil is sufficiently moist. Hoe and weeood carrots, chicory, parsnips, and sweet potatoes. The scarifying or ploughing of stubbles should have early attention. 