POLITICAL MEMS. The holidays and pllasiire-niard?T-. whicr the prrtsenee of the Duke of Kdin. hurgh.has Ired-.are.ow nearly ever, and the sounds of uplrrpachintr polititrcnrso in'':<. motion are, again heard in the airr, Art. extrnordinoary isiue of the Goritle of 'uesduy nighyt rcnti'-insa the- following pro. chnlni .int-' Whelireas the: ParliamIent ofYVitoria now stands proroiued to Tues- - day. the 1sft day De. ember instant, aid Ulh.reas it is ixl'edirnt, to desulva, the Legishltive Assembly o~'n. tl.herfore, ij' Sir John Henry Thomas MatlumidrSoitl to - - the Governer of il aria, in 'etrcire of thie power in me rested in this beLalf, do, by this iny prteliamation, disc larhe tih honrndle the nuenileri of the LErttlantte. Council and themenmbers ofthcLeaaislntive "ssemrn ly, from tlieir.teeotin and attend-= -: honre on the said hiursdna.the Sl yoat tiyof . D'cemhr' iinst.; and. I-do .dissolve the *L?gislaltirs:Arrsembly; ahiet is htereby dissolved adcordiiuly. Ail; insen uhi as it is desirnble that Parliament rh]iuld ihe asuimonicd iithlut delay, I do hereby drelard that I" blvellhis day' iven ordier that rits:lo ieissued in dlie form. and adreordinglto lanw. ibr t ; e letit, of mein hitli to he duly +reltrnid to ;erve in the Legishtoiv"r Assembny." The Ai'gusoatnder" sta.ds tlintitie a ict. fr the lithat natuli of the ehltionas will b itastied 'itnirdiately" ,leettoln, take ptlactn.e about .the 1ath Sf .lananv. T'lih hl l oif te rthn tiona will thus he got over vithti the next sii . oruvevieni eeks. . A requisitititis in eonure of, ignature t-ll II. Joltit lkitigin. t errtary to tli' Collntil of inrial 4ol. to at nlid Ior the re-,' prteeniation 'off Sollth`' Grant .iit the. Asartllilyv. ini the eenltnf a discat utr?in., -Mi r. E lkingltoi -hhs nigiifnt d his inta itiom" ofl'ontestiig the eltor- . -, ...,. SThle Bao' lara"f -Sta? snav that Mri Edanril T'iilldus,'it ('iplghnn,- itl in tlt )ihot l n I rl a haa beeni, ri ritned in -'; "ororurig -jgianuiures il "the Grenville distiit to a r'i?ilititi i vtitit g M r.-i. - Tholimas l(qsr'.ll, ,f W urrook, -to icolta; toriniiini a..'ii ididlatie iir tlit ri'l t?iu-.d aliton qi (i:eiville. The 7sCellitiolt.naasI prtitty numerit?ely sign.*d in Iu lu.r alitiees .or Ilkewood. Bjire.k .o' Da. Lirtonl, and Cairntghmll M..al r.. ?V udlsia sntatl tllat Mri .. • iuotell ashort tintsoi po had' a coilmunitt iulioti fronit ?trr ?B enry llity,: M .LAI.i A :! invitingi Mr. tussell to comlie lora id in his itelid, sian ititinlhig of course, ill the'-i nluno ilin, lthat in the etvet of' r."' lhiussell coming foriard lie (Mr Reufy) woultd tIot i taloe hln." ' "'t.ali onill f Tair" says the' Mlrg.? .'tn. Sir9 1 illiaunt SnalulelI.. that , the iuhlioe . should tie putt-,in pitseesiotq. l':hi?s reasons, na sita id by..himtol., itr;.: introducitnrg the original hill ttil..- g ,a tint to satil thic 'i'i i.t Ontl _t ill Deenaber-. 1856;, the -resent ' Chiet"f? 'J isJt ietit lhen-'Attornt.i i enei r fal, nied? - iiin itrmmittoiud'of.ille iJtoleHoius'lo;itt iit- "-r "in thui b, n li'tib i h.of ti n lt.t o.ttiitte ftt 9ia.s dstiruhtelto-iv rilit f to. paerot;u.ti Hl,?i f?-;" Achimai aaistailit' ('Got'rniiiti.i " Jlu - " is' telmurit in; ,"1ais rd ib hit a ;ld:. " Aiitdltig to tihe n xitstig .law: perspns " i'tho lhad itlibhl' against.' the Gov'ernnieni?tt'.1 hald very greitm difllulty ' it -obtaitiing,. redress;. but thts, obljcrt of tire hillt tsi to give to -urtli persous ,fatilitlies for suing the :Gdicrnmitnu. By' the'- preset posiat -; tion, tht.(Gboverttimnt were .allCd upon to letiedges iti'their own easele nhikh was, iery clt etioitollh'h, tind the only wny in, "wtthtr'liety 'oiuld avroid hbiug o wari by i -f rring the titutter in.dispute to aorb tra tion. But. thit eourte i as very obijeetion .i nie: also, an thIll- tniter was aeniernlly decridedvery favor. b:v oil the oue side, or \- the other-f-rom his exPer?l.nrmer? e a erally .ee . armetlrtr·lt Hi ut htti4-.. it wotiihl hlcbetter Ifor. thi('oierlment to li'pletined in an exactilny aiillar position to thrat fitlio' riilili;"'and tht all ehtiims agulinst ift mlui.uld lie itveCtigtlled bIy aI jiuryh anthe onid 'horv il'; c nnd.'damages awa'rtt?'d acorrdini.ly "... Faltili in Iobr itllgt:. td i'h.dil sunl titiuiOn oi' a coutrt til'jtotfr.'arlittrantdra, were thina'te two o?li.etl. -Ihich LMr;t Stacell hod t'it - view;is.not a aillable to anarunt theo eon.., ilusitio flint"tliiee was the reniottel inte-i timi-iti'i?tnig th'll ai utlhority of Parlia.. inent.and linyhig away tmonty.without itsl coditoint: At, a-sutsequentit astgi, it-.Ioe,. rill- in coaiitiltrica oun 'elttriay 18,1857 ' =-M'lFetlIdw aw-iaid,:".i.i awtewr ";to, ;th A billi 1l td"i llattlrnk ;`cold 'pretfer theft claimsi, ;-9llet;tsquatter 'hlnd' righti it Souild:n rtaedire tiiti of them; if h 'liid n3itotis aaud ii'oid re hmll?..$e tl"-dawii a if't)irog, :" 'slruation whlichlis,.now noughit'to 'ae -puit :upon theo di'ti "* , tlhe correc't-one f fo? art'ording to thle t( a, verh'nleilfst 'vidf it tmratter, a 'sqtintter utiglit itidute a Mainistry favournile to-his clads iant refer his claim to nritratioi-an'aisard:dqilally favoirablo to the asuitor nia ,n -'that in tlhearnseo I)fwye rr or: K.te niighulbe tiltainrcd-slcth n wlrdtl conlil bei made a 'ruldfrt onir't,thi' ipr6thon ntrr pa.ertitf'iiate utlinial, d. whereupon. arnor linl tp.. yr BH gili othain, the Governor..Ja.snuLed' t paiy, an,.tl thus .aqsOquat , ?t ilt nitt anh Sacntinluetjot, qhis .etai . with .utiParlia. mnant huIviiag the leit voice in thlie iatiter. This should certainly be 'onctlusive as to the intention of',,the ,Iraamer of 'thi tlaw :A service of aonam omnibuses is sbout to-be establislid' ill Lyons. .:On:Friday the 4th.itn'tnt M. Guiot iached his eighty-tfou;rthyear. ' Dig-'oryi"nys "hd a!ways respetsr old 'age, excepte..thelln ome one tricks him" with .u prai of tough oltichieitsa Sctmost destructive bushfire orn.ted i, i'ti lie nthtlllidturltood of -aepohu aimint oa Chriittman+Day. 'The pnstureof about to . twetuty milestoT 6fcuntrv wat"de ntroyed. and a lrige miminer ofh tees. The 'West ` -. oltlrliok Guatrdian` thus describes the di. siitrous effi?ct of,tle ronfagrationi-" It ij?erlmi the fire bais firt. obserred by osomne mien empiloyed by Mr'Hiuiiuh Meikle in thie erection ofp abridge atYaliuk'Vile, at whilti Lind thi flnines were rising from somote long tuasicky' grass twenty chins frm the champ. They did all they emnlld totqxtinguiht- the fire, but wittlout avail, a: didMr: Mi fia's. tools, tent, blankets, etc., wore consumid.. Thebridlge in coursa oforection had a narrow eeoae, belug savred by-the itrtlh carted from a rutting for the npprachles having been placed ot tIhd i;idb of the road towards whiih.the flames were rapidly aomiig on. Messrs. Brod n and urt. aithl their men, worked • ineessanltly.to.direr.t the fire fruo crora in strck.. whicht tiheS slceerded't in loiig. SThe fire then startied ntrais the Bengrel ' tap. nodmltry. devourinu glrasa aind'fnces at a fiarl'il rate. Tle selectorl under Sthe 42nd slction of the Ltlld 4ltetLwere i lie gret''sl't nlfsrreear-tll . the litst able i o breir the losies ihleurred. M r. Coflery 'oit 1ill Ihis erass and flineing, miles of h uhl hi n i loligiui to otheratl~torare irrra ved .usiinimir.litirtent. Severnlll of theni hlave betn ruiled. by th"tr oitilisiita?tiratltern months oftiiil.to aecoiur hit.d biring Sti land js0 a. profitahle; uicu nho. A bt dua bn ta 40 