GUNDAROO. (From our Correspondent) Dry weather still prevails, and the country is every where looking parched. Reaping is going on, and notwithstanding the long drought, the wheat is on the whole looking better than might have been ex pected. The crop will be at least an average one. Last Thursday wee one of those overwhelming days that we sometimes experience in warmer distrjkts, but may be almost said to have been unpreced ted here. The glass was 100 dege. In the shade, a?l the heat was of that sultry, unhealthy kind that, ad it long continued, would almost certainly have bought on many cases serious illness. It was rilieved towards evening by a storm of wind accompasled by thunder and a little, but only a little, rain.', 'Since then we have had warm, but not such utterly pros. trating weather. Saturday was appointed for a cricket match be tween the Gininderra and the Gundaroo cricket clubs and it accordingly took place at the first mentioned locality. A good eleven represented each club; and under the direction of Mr. W. Davis and Mr. Styles, as captains, played a good game victory being awarded to the Gundaroo men, with four wickets to spare.. The highest score off one bat was obtained by Mr. James lleathwho went out with 22 runs. ,Holland and an aboriginal, Johnny, each realised 18; IIaroourt, 17; Afileck, 15. " The bowl. log.of Booth and Palmer gave the batsmen full scope for all their skill and all their activity. Palmer and .John" Styles, *at present merely youths,, played very well, and will, with pran tice, no doubt attain a very high degree of ex cellence. A substantial luncheon was provided for the visitors, and good feeling throughout prevailed.. After cheers and counter.cheers for all and every body connected with the game, the ground was cleared about six p.m. A return match is to be played at Oundaroo on Friday (New Year's Day). Bush.fires, occasioned no doubt in most instances by the carelessness of travellers, have-been very common lately. Mr. Donnelly has lost a consider. able quantity of grass and some fencing by this means.- , - \- Yesterday a communication from the council of education came to hand containing the. welcome news that the tender for the new school.house has been accepted, Private subscription has realized £80, and the council; guarantee the remaining £213 10s. The number of children at present on the books is thirty.one, and this will no doubt be Increased after the begining of the year. .. You' have already ?gven a notice of the Lschool under the direction oe Mr. and Mrs. Boate, who deserve all the commendations passed upon them. : I am happy to find we had a very heavy dew this morning. Rteally anything in the shape of moisture` to the dry and thirsty earth is just now very wel, `-,To return to the cricket-match, we would remluA our Gundaroo men that if they wish to retain thbi| honours they must take a lesson from their o nents in the very important matter eof fielding, wle is their strong point. \- December 28. 