GENERAL EPITOME. The Rockhaxnpton Bulletin has good authority for stating that very rich quartz has been discovered at Rosewood. It is of considerable extent, and it is expected that Rosewood, before long, will add quartz reef- , ing to its other attractions * ' I The monster nugget, found at the Gym- j pie Creek.diggings, in Queensland, is likely to give the legal fraternity some employ ment. It was picked np, it is said, on an abandoned claim, the former owner of which has turned up and laid an injunction on the sale of the nugget, alleging that the claim was frig, and was not in reality abandoned. Twentyfive hundredweight of quartz, ob tained from Barker's reef, hlorinish, Queens land, gave the extraordinary yield of 40 oz of gold. The census of Queensland was taken on the 2nd insfc. We have not heard the total result, but the population, of Brisbane was about 14,557, being an increase of 2557 since January, 1S64. It must also be remembered that there has been extensive exodus to the Gympie Creek diggings. ' . _ "We learn that 0000 wedders are en route from Ban Ban station, in Queensland, to Victoria. "We fear the owner will find our market too well supplied. A shocking accident occurred on Satur day week, at the Green-hills. A ploughman named Thomas Ryan, while screwing a nut on to his plough, and stooping behind the horses for that purpose, was kicked on the head by one of the animals, and his skull was literally smashed. Ho died three or four days after receiving the injury. Some bushfires have recently been laying waste several farms in Tasmania. .Luckily, although there were many narrow escapes, no lives were lost. A Hr H. L D'Emdem, of Tasmania, is engaged upon the composition of an Irish sensation drama, and it is intended to get it produced, if possible, at one of the Mel bourne theatres. Sensation appear* to be the order of the day.' The Tinchlrm River is high; sandy blight Tery prevalent amongst the residents of the back blocks. Professor Hume has met with great suc cess at Inglewood. Operations are about to commence the Hawke's Bay boiling-down establish ment, under the supervision of 3Ir if. Atkins, lately of Geelong. Tenders are called for the purchase of legs of mutton. 