C<rra3p<Mb-ettce. To the Editor of the Perth Gazette Se W. A. Times. SIE,-In your issue of the 28th ult., " a cor- respondent" from Northam makes the follow- ing remarks upon a bushfire that lately occurred near my "Farm : - "I observe a correspondent from this district complains of the conduct of Assistant Warder Reid, stationed at the Clackline, for not send- ing out his men to put out a bushfire which, was surrounding Wilding's Farm, but it is only fair to that active and energetic officer to say that the same fire was raging round his own camp, requiring the exertions of the whole party to keep it under ; the circumstances were I believe fully reported to the Resident Magis- trate by Mr. Wilding, when Warder Reid was absolved from all blame." These remarks are a denial of the truth of a previous correspondent on the same subject ; I do not know from whence ' a correspondent' ob- tains his information, but I think it would have been wise of him to ascertain the correctness of his statements before sending them forth to the public. In asking you to publish, the facts as they occurred, I have no wish to injure Assistant Warder Reid, nor to cast any doubt upon the energy of that officer, my desire is to establish, the truth ' a correspondent' denies, and express a hope that for the future, when the property and perhaps the lives of settlers are in danger, Warders in charge of road parties should ren- der all assistance in their power. I now give the facts as they occurred: I visited the farm the day after the fire occurred, and found upon enquiry that the fire had broken out on or near the prisoners' camp ; this infor- mation I obtained from two farmers who passed the camp just before the fire broke out, and who saw it when about two miles on the road. The fire had crossed a wide road exactly oppo- site the camp, and thus reached my property. The Police and all who have seen the place are of opinion that the fire was thrown across the road at that point, thus making the accident look very suspicious. The fire had destroyed everything close up to my corn-field, in which was thirty acres of corn standing unreaped, and it was only by the energy of my four men, that the whole of my property was not destroyed. These men informed me that when the fire was approaching they appealed to Assistant Warder Reid for help (the camp is not 400 yards distant), but were refused, although to their knowledge all the prisoners were under cover but one man. I have no reason to doubt the truth of my men's statement, they are all men well known and had no interest in inventing a falsehood. During my stay at my farm I saw the fire ap- proaching Mr. W. Leeder's farm ; I went to the camp myself and asked the Warder to send his men with mine to render assistance ; he stated he had no occasion as Mr. Leeder had passed the day previous while the fire was raging, and said ho cared not if all was burned. The War- der then spoke to me about the fire of the pre- vious day. I, in return, asked him if he was not aware that in a case of fire it was his duty to take the men out to try and save property. He replied that it was optional to the officer in chance. I then told him I should report the circumstance. He snapped his finger and thumb at me, and said he cared not who I re- ported it to, as he took the blame upon himself and it was not the men's fault. Upon my return home I reported the case to Sub-Inspector Piesse, who I thought the proper person, having no Resident Magistrate; the day after on my way to the farm I met our Visiting Magistrate and stated the case to him, but he took no heed of it. It appears that" Warder Reid had at oace dispatched a man to Newcastle with his statement of the fire; I after that made another application to the Magistrate for a hearing, but he was so much annoyed at my reporting the complaint to Sub Inspector Piesse instead of himself that he treated my case with utter contempt. Mr. W. Leeder informed me a few days after that Warder Reid told him that he would not allow the men to assist, as the year before lie had assisted in stopping a fire on my place and I had not recompensed the men. I did all I could for them, which was to recommend their conduct to the Magistrate. Such is a true statement of the fire, and apologising for taking up so much of your valu- able paper, I am, Sir, Tour obedient servant, THOMAS WILDING. ' Northam, 11th March, 1868. '-« 