RQ , LATEST ; INTELLIGENCE.1 I ',J (BY BLEOTRIG TELEGRAPH.) f-cb gbkvillb A nd co., butjteb's agents. Sydney, December 81. Sorno very extensivo bushfires wero burning '/in the neighborhood of Goulburn yesterday, and "they extended right down as fares Woolongong, where the Roman Chapel had a very narrow escape of boiDg dostroyed. A stable adjoining ' - the chapel was consumed by the flames. A meeting of Protectionists was held last . night, - Mr William. Maoleay, member for the .Murrumbidgo, in the ohair. Amongst those who . addressed the meeting was Mr Nixon, formerly a member of the Victorian Assembly. . A disagreement has arisen between the General Citizens Rail Committee, and the Manager of the Corporation Rail, both of which are to be given in honour of tho visit H. R. H. Prince Alfred. The weather to-day has been exceedingly \- hot;:: ' '< Adelaide, December 81. 1 Tho Costa llion, from Poo Chow Poo, arrived ;; yesterday, with a full cargo of teas ; 44 days out. -She' has called hero for orders. :W. J. Peterwald, Esq., Inspector of Police, has been appointed Secretary to the Royal Com. mission, appointed to inquire into tho oauses of the disease in wheat. The South Australian Weekly Chroniolo is to \- he enlarged to -140 columns. ' No business has been done to-day worthy of notice. The wheat and flour market-is dull, and prices are nominal. Mr Pidemann has intimated his intention of standing for Onkaparinga at the ensuing eleetion, relying on the support of the German Townships and the Protectionist party in the district. The , sitting members aro freetraders. The weather to-day has been cloudy, and it is! still blowing hard. Mr Wills, the principal editor of the South Australian Register, has resigned his position on that paper. _ . > ; A deputation of farmers from the districts abutting on the Northern Railways, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works tci-day, re- ' questing that, in consideration of the failure of uie crops this sesson, the railway trains might.be allowed to bring up the materials for dressing their lands for next sowing free delivered at the stations, the commissioner promised to consider the request favorably. 