HOG BAY, KANGAROO ISLAND, Jan. 11. The barley and wheat crops in this part appear to have suffered in common with the other parts of the colony, but not to the same extent. The yield, however is much reduced. On December 30 a large bushfire broke out somewhere in the neighbourhood of the Redbanks, and after burning in the scrub for several days, constantly shifting its position from changes in the wind, and destroying about 90 tons of firewood —the result of the labours of a poor man—it threatened the homestead of Mr. Buick. For tunately a change in wind and weather has pre- vented it doing more damage. Rain, wind, and cold weather have been the order of the day here for more than a week. ––––––♦–––––– MILANG, January 15. The very unseasonable weather which has lately been experienced in this locality has operated pre- judicially on the harvest operations. In some in- stances, of which I have been informed, the wheat in the heap is beginning to grow. Reaping has been completely brought to a standstill, and where the sample is worth anything the high wind and rain have broken down the heads. The plough has been started on several farms. There is nothing moving in election matters here yet. We are about to lose our worthy member. Captain Rankine, M.P., for a season, as he pur poses leaving for Great Britain at an early date. He expects to be away for 12 months. His absence will be very much felt, by none more than the Milang and Strathalbyn Troop of Cavalry, of which he is captain, and by the members of which he is much valued and esteemed. I am certain that I speak the feelings of every man of them in ex- pressing an earnest hope that his absence will not necessitate the severing of his connection with the troop. I understand that the Engineer-in- Chief is shortly expected here for the purpose of inspecting the jetty and tramway, with a view to the exten- sion of the faculties for shipping. ––––––♦–––––– TUNGKILLO, January 15. During the past fortnight we have had some heavy showers, almost putting a stop to fanning operations. It is now, however, finer, and in some instances reaping-machines are at work, but the yield is frightfully bad. I have been informed by several that the average of their crops is not more than a bushel to the acre, and that of little or no use for milling purposes. It is hard where all kinds are so bad to say which is best—certainly crimson and purple straw are the worst, and I believe Tuscan generally is the best. Three or four farmers have some very good samples of Hallett's pedigree wheat. Although the straw was covered with rust, the ear is hardly affected, though the wheats on either side (crimson and purple straw) are in a very bad state. I send you samples taken from a paddock of new land fallowed, as also a second sample of the pedigree; but unfortunately the quantity sown was small, being principally as a trial. The tenant farmers in this neighbourhood intend holding a meeting shortly to try and get their rents remitted. The contract on the Mannum-road is progressing favourably, there being probably 100 men at work, and when completed the road will be a great benefit, seeing the large amount of traffic to and from Mannum and the mines. ––––––♦–––––– SHEAOAK, January 14. I found on a recent journey good samples of wheat and indifferent. In some neighbourhoods the yield, I am told, this year will be equal to last, and I can substantiate this statement, having eximined the crops. The presence of rust is general, although it has not shown itself so plainly in some cases as in others. In the neighbourhoods of Skillogolee Creek, Hoyle's Plains, Auburn, and other places, I found most of the crops fair. I understand that the Institute in this neigh bourhood is to be opened shortly, when it is to be hoped large numbers will join. ––––––♦–––––– STOCKPORT, January 15. The last week or so we have had very severe and most unseasonable weather—heavy and continuous rains, with a succession of boisterous winds, reaping and many other operations having been entirely suspended in consequence. It has more the appearance of winter than summer. There is a little wheat coming in, but very sparingly. Still, the mill is kept busy by day, from 6 to 6; although, should the weather permit, much more wheat would come in, and things generally would be somewhat brisker. There are several buildings, I hear, likely soon to be commenced here. The Railway Station and other improvements will have the effect, no doubt, of giving an impetus to trade, which is much wanting. The Rev. H. L. Tuck (Baptist) now preaches at Linwood and Stockport to good congregations every Sabbath day. The rev. gentleman will soon be located at near Stockport, and the Committee are, I believe, about to build a parsonage at once. Our Cricket Club comes out strong, and are trying the "willow" preparatory to the return match with the Riverton Club. I believe they expect success again, although this is rather early to begin to speculate. The Local Court petitioned for some months since, and which the deputation received the assurance of the Government should be established, seems to be forgotten, and people are almost in- clined to ask if Government promises are ever redeemed, as little attention appears to be paid to some of them. After the Appropriation Act and Estimates provided for another S.M., who was needed for the additional Courts, why not make the appointment at once, and accede to the pro- mised arrangements? ––––––♦–––––– YANKALILLA January 15. At the meeting of the District Council on Satur- day last, Mr. J. M. Howie, M.A., was chosen as master of the Wissanger School, vacant by the re- moval of Mr. James Poole from the neighbour- hood. Mr. Howie comes into the district with the prestige of superior ability, and it is hoped the school will nourish under his superintendence. I have made careful enquiries through the dis- trict respecting the crops, and have examined many specimens. In the eastern portion of the district a good deal would not pay to cut, and sheep and cattle have been turned in upon it. That which has been reaped has averaged from two to five bushels to the acre; but seldom the latter quantity. On the western side the yield is better; but even here there is much that is scarcely worth reaping, although 15 bushels to the acre have been reaped, and all quantities below that. Many of the farmers have been deceived in their calculations; one I know expected to thrash out 20 bushels to the acre was obliged to be con- tent with nine. Some of our most competent judges think the yield for the entire district will not average more than four to five bushels per acre. Much anxiety is felt and expressed about the operations of the Road Board. Some considerable sums of money have been voted for this portion of the district for roads and the Bungala Bridge, and it is hoped that no delay will take place in getting out the contracts while the weather is favourable and labour plentiful. Rainfall since the 8th instant, 0'350 inches. ––––––♦–––––– MACLAREN VALE, January 15. Since my last scarcely any work has been done by our farmers in this neighbourhood, wet, cold, squally weather having for some time prevailed, and harvest operations have necessarily been sus- pended. It is still cold, cloudy, and damp, so that machine-work is at a standstill, and the farmers are quite dispirited. Three families of respected settlers have within a few days been deeply afflicted, two of them— Mr. J. Semmens and Rev. I. Prior—losing each one their eldest son by violent death; one (James Semmens) falling from his horse at Robe Town, the other (John Prior) drowned near Port Wake- field; and to-day Mr. R. Logan has lost (of con- sumption) his only surviving son. These deaths have cast quite a gloom among us, all feeling deep commiseration for the parents and families of the ill-fated young men. Neither of them was married. Carters and labourers are looking very anxiously for some works to be set going by the Central Road Board. These will be a great assistance at the present time, provided they are not put into the hands of "bolters." ––––––♦–––––– STRATHALBYN, January 15, Mr D Gollan, of Burnside, has a Shropshire Down ewe which has had three lambs within the last seven months—a double birth in July and a single one on the 11th inst. The principal event of the week has been a change from midwinter weather to hot winds, whirlwinds, and an atmosphere thick with dust. Mr. Colman, sen., has recently returned from England. Mr. H. Bonnar (brother of Mr. J. J. Bonnar, solicitor), licensed teacher from New South Wales, has settled here, and has opened a school, which, with discreet management, will doubtless become a large one. A general meeting of the Agricultural Committee was held yesterday afternoon at the Robin Hood Hotel, when it was resolved that the coming Show be held at the yards and paddock of the above named inn, and that tenders be invited for the erection of an exhibition booth or marquee for the occasion, of 100 ft, x 24 x 30 ft. Another general meeting of the Society will shortly be held for the purpose of electing a working Committee, ar- ranging prize-list, time for the Exhibition, &c;, &c.; This being done, the Society will advertise par- ticulars in due course. The Amateur Christy Minstrels, from Adelaide, generously gave an entertainment this evening, at Mr. Colman's Store, on behalf of the sufferers from the fire which raged at Bull's Creek three or four weeks ago. From the well-known accomplished abilities of the Amateur Christy Minstrels I feel that no statement need emanate from me beyond the assurance that a crowded house was highly delighted. The object of the entertainment speaks for itself, and, of course, many thanks are due to those gentlemen who have so ably aided. Votes of thanks to all concerned (which were most politely acknowledged) closed the proceedings. Mutton is selling here at from 1½d. to 3d. per lb. The wool traffic spoken of in my last letter was to the annoyance of many continued on Sunday last, and it is hoped that this will be sufficient caution to prevent further repetition. ____________________________________________ 