THE Juqute & -$0imnerriat $tw& WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 1868. SUMMARY FOR THE MAIL. The news of the month is confined to the North- West Coast, from -which, we have the unpleasant intelligence of loss of life and property. Hitherto the native popu lations in the new settlements have lived on terms of peace and good- will with the settlers ; nothing beyond the most trivial offences have been heard of, and even these of rare occurrence. Petty thievings from the hut or the camp of the scattered Bettlers, received punishment or condona tion, without provoking temerity or fear in the officials, or in the settlers themselves. Numbers of the natives were so well disposed as to be among the first to bring an offender to punishment; and, altogether, it may be said that a feeling of confidence and security from serious pillages or raids of 'the aborigines possessed the whole white population. The intelligence now received gives, unfortunately, another aspect to the character of the natives. It will be seen in the communications of the Government Resident that authority has been opposed; that a native taken prisoner was rescued by a large number, and their captors speared. The imperative course of the Resident to apprehend the chief actors in the crime, and disperse the numbers of armed natives that had congre gated together, resulted in partial failure. The settlers readily co-operated in attack ing and dispersing them, after shots were fired and several natives killed, bnt the principal offenders were not secured, and those that were taken made their escape. It is yet to be hoped that they will be apprehended, and that this skirmish may have the desired effect; of bringing back the whole of the blacks to their former state of peace and quietness; but, apart from the loss of life, it is much to be regretted that the attention of the Grcvern ment officers and the settlers is thus drawn from affairs in the new settlement which, we may be assured, demand every attention, to a new and very painful feature in the settlement of the country. To these troubles of the natives we have to add the havoc of a storm, that has swept away a large quantity of wool ready for shipment, and driven three small vessels on shore, one of which is a total wreck, and three men belonging to it have perished. Other accidents of less conse quence are recorded. These vessels were engaged in the pearl-shell fishery, and, so far, were very successful ; but experience will show that as the yield can only be estimated against the chance of accident, the boats employed in the work must be carefully manned, well adapted and ' found' for coasting a shore where, at best, the powerful action of tidal waves and currents have to be stemmed with especial care. Looking over these mishaps, the new country progresses; pasturage appears beautiful ; and all description of stock were in excellent condition. In the Boebourne dis tricts there have been copious rain-falls, causing the Harding River to flow on several occasions. At the DeGrey there was less rain, but quite enough for pastoral pur poses. The increase of lambs this season is shown to be at a hundred per cent. Throughout the settled districts of the colony we have water and food for stock ; but the country is greatly parched from the continued absence of rain, dry winds, and many serious bush-fires. The destroy ing element has stalked along in several districts very destructively to the settler. No lives have been lost, but in one district a large amount of property has been destroyed, and the stations of several nnfortnnate settlers razed to the ground. In trade there is little doing, from a number of causes. Supplies are made bnt to meet actual demand, and that sparingly. Farmers are engaged in preparing for or getting their crops to market ; traders are looking up annual balances, and both in Town and Country there appears to be a mutual understanding that every one is pondering over his own affairs. Indeed, the only public movement to be noticed, as of any interest to extra-colonial readers, is one for the purpose of renewing efforts to penetrate the Eastern interior, and diverge towards the new country and Eucla Harbour, on the South- eastern coast. The settlers are anxious to co operate with the Government in exploring that new region, and to judge for them selves jas to the nature and capabilities of the country reported on favourably by explorers from South Australia. ' The Government have now under consideration a proposal of the York settlers to supply a number of horses and a quantity of flour, to be delivered on board, a vessel at King George's Sound, chartered by the Government for Eucla Harbour. In commerce we have yet to report the accumulation of Export articles, and a demand for carriage to T-nrHan and China ports. Exports have been confined during the month to two vessels — one for Ade laide, and one for Singapore. We have one in harbour loading sandalwood and flour for Shanghae ; but in the former article alone there is not less than eighteen hundred, perhaps two thousand tons, i awaiting shipment. Wheat stands at last month's quotations nominally., At present there are no transactions of importance ; and little prospects of early shipments being made. It is held firmly, in the belief that -prices will advance, and that flour will yet command a higher rate in our own and foreign markets. 