SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1868. Coming events cast their shadows be- fore. We are permitted to enjoy a partial revelation of the grand McCulloch mystery. We can now discern some- thing of the form and outline of that great plan which, although (as they admit) not strictly legal, the Ministry, now that they have obtained the anti- cipated support of the country, are pre- pared to submit to the GOVERNOR. The Audit Commissioners are the next vic- tims. They, too, unless they see the error of their ways, and certify that money is legally available, which they and all of the rest of the world know to be not legally available, must be brought under the heel of authority. It is intolerable, is we are told, that those gentlemen, the Audit Commis- sioners, should, by their forced inter- pretation of the Audit Act, circumscribe the privileges of the Assembly. If they will not reconsider their views, the As- sembly must deal with such misbehaviour. The tenure of the Audit Commissioners is during good behaviour, but they may be removed) either upon an address of both Houses during the same ses- sion, or upon an address of the As- sembly alone during two successive sessions. We have now learned the way of holding two sessions within a week. Nothing, therefore, is easier than to dismiss an inconvenient official, and to substitute some obliging adherent. The Audit Office is surely as good a re- ceptacle for old hats as the Assembly. The precedent, too, would be one of great value. If the Audit Commis- sioners may be removed for limiting, by their "forced interpretation" of their act, the privileges of the Assembly, why should a wider latitude be given to the judges? We shall next hear that there is positively nothing to guide the judges of the Supreme Court as to when money is legally available but their own forced construction of constitutional law. We shall be told that hitherto the gentle- men who have held the office of judge have been partisans of the Council, and that the Legislative Assembly will not submit to a usurpation of their own in- herent rights, and will assume practi- cally the position they claim, and en- force their own interpretation of their rights and powers. There is, indeed, a difference between the two offices, for the judges are removable only upon a vote of both Houses, while the Audit Com- missioners may be removed, as we have seen, upon a repeated vote of the Assembly alone. But can we doubt whether this obstacle would be permitted long to oppose the will of our masters? It would soon be discovered that the concurrence of the Council on matters which affected the privileges of the Assembly was a mere form, or that, at all events, according to a very favourite mode of reasoning among these new lights, the Constitution Act does not say that the judges shall not be dis- missed at the request of the Assembly alone. We have been reluctant to notice this project. We can hardly even yet think it possible that the Ministry could lend themselves to so wicked a scheme. We cannot believe that Mr. HIGINBOTHAM would present to any gentleman the alternative of certifying a falsehood or of losing his office. And yet the matter has a strangely suspicious air. We may be quite sure that the project is not in- digenous to Geelong. The tone of its announcement was unusually authorita- tive for a local paper, and the contrivance, and the line of argument used in its support, are not unlike those with which we are already familiar. Mr. HIGIN- BOTHAM is never so punctilious in his observance of legal forms as when he is about to commit some flagrant violation of the spirit of the law. It is needless, however, to say that, such a scheme, even if it should unhappily have been formed, must be absolutely futile. In the first place, it requires for its comple- tion the co-operation of the GOVERNOR. We will not do Sir HENRY MANNERS SUTTON the injustice of supposing that he would for a moment lend himself to so nefarious a project as the attempt to unlawfully use the public money by means of the ruin of innocent men. The advice of his responsible Ministers is no excuse for the commission of such an act. Even if the Audit Commissioners were to give a false certificate, the responsibility of the GOVERNOR, especially when that false- hood was within his knowledge, would not be diminished. The whole pro- ceeding would, indeed, amount to something like conspiracy, and those who engaged in such an undertaking might probably find that, whether in this country or in England, the law can find means to vindicate itself. We have no fear, therefore, that any attempt of the kind, even if it has been seriously contemplated, will ever be actually made. But the fact that such a proposition could be gravely put forward by a respectable journal shows the extent of the demoralisation which the tampering with the law by the Ex- ecutive has caused. We believe, in- deed, that a regular coup d'etat would be less mischievous than these petti- fogging tricks. If the Ministry want the money, let them boldly seize it, and distribute it as they and their followers think fit. If the law must be broken, let it be broken openly and avowedly. But the Government do infinite mischief beyond the imme- diate subject of dispute, when they juggle and twist the plain words of the law for their own designs. They en- courage a disregard and contempt for every part of the law. They accustom their followers to consider an evasion of the best settled principles of the Consti- tution as a proof of high political skill. These sentiments will continue long after the dispute from which they took their rise has disappeared. On the other hand, the exercise of open violence is limited to the particular act. The crack of Mr. F. L. SMYTH'S rifle, or the forcible taking of the public money from the banks, would be merely felony or treason, as the case might be. It would be a confessed breach, or at the most, if we had a real revolution, a sus- pension of the law, without detriment to our respect for it in more peaceful times. But the habitual and deliberate perversion of the Constitution is much more insidious, and much more dan- gerous in its operation. We are even now experiencing some of its evil effects. Happily, the latest threatened evasion is too gross to deceive even the most unwary. A .Governor who should remove sworn officers for the purpose of obtaining from their more pliant successors a cer- tificate that moneys voted by the Assembly, and not appropriated by an act of Parliament, were legally available, and who should, upon a certificate so obtained, sign a warrant for the pay- ment of public money for the purposes so voted, would not merely find some difficulty in offering a satisfactory ex- planation of his conduct to his official superiors, but might discover that he had approached dangerously near the confines of the criminal law. The Audit Commissioners may therefore rest secure that they will not be sub- jected to the treatment that some silly partisans have imagined for them. The woollen factory on the banks of the Barwon has turned out a piece of "mixed drab" cloth, and Geelong is rejoicing-over it as a pullet rejoices over its first egg. A wonderful discovery has been made, as we are told by one of the local papers, and a great triumph has been-achieved. Geelong's attempt to acclimatise the woollen manufacture in Victoria, our contemporary informs us, "has been crowned with success far "beyond the anticipations of the most "hopeful," and further, "success of "no mean order having been reached, "under all the difficulties of a first "attempt, is in itself so forcible and in- "structive, that it only requires time "and public attention permanently "directed to it for our woollen manu- "facture to count its factories by scores "and its employes by thousands." It is with the greatest reluctance that we advance anything calculated to damp, even in the slightest degree, the manufacturing enthusiasm of the simple Geelongese. Their glad pæan over the first end of cloth turned out by the Barwon-side factory, is so delightfully refreshing in its hopeful simplicity that it goes to our heart to reflect upon the business even the very faintest gleam of economical illumination. If it were possible, without detriment to public interests, to let them revel undisturbed in the fond delusion that they have achieved a commercial success, while yet only on the threshold of their woollen undertaking, we should gladly do so. But economical fallacies must not be permitted to remain unexposed, lest evil come of them, and as yet there is positively nothing to show whether Geelong's attempt to introduce woollen manufactures into the colony is suc- cessful or otherwise. The mistake under which the gushing "native industry" zealots of the Pivot are labouring is a very transparent one. They have found that cloth can be made in the colony, and they jump to the conclusion that it can be made profitably. We must protest against this assumption. No one ever ques- tioned the possibility of making cloth in Victoria. Why should they? Whatever can be manufactured in one part of the world can be manufactured in any other. Pine apples can be raised within the arctic circle, and snowballs manufac- tured on the line, if only it were worth the cost to produce either commodity under circumstances so disadvantageous. Capi- tal and skill can overcome every kind of natural obstacle, but it is an exceedingly unwise investment of either to engage it in a contest with nature. In making cloth in Victoria out of Victorian wool, there certainly are no natural obstacles to contend with. On the contrary, all the natural conditions of success, and some of the economical conditions, are abundantly present. We will not even say that the Barwon factory has not everything in its favour, and is exceed- ingly likely to turn out a financial as well as an industrial success. But that has not yet been proved, and, therefore, the local rejoicings over its "mixed "drab" first-fruits are, so far, premature. The newspaper from which we have already quoted, though "not aware "of the price at which cloth equal "to the samples exhibited" (of Geelong manufacture) "can be manufactured," is still of opinion that ''the com- "mencement has been made of an "industry which will undoubtedly "spread until it wins this important "market for itself." Now, this is simply nonsense. The new manufac- ture will not win, and will not deserve to win, a monopoly of the colonial mar- ket, unless, quality for quality, it is as cheap as imported cloth. While colonial cloth is a novelty it will no doubt command a ready sale, and even after it has ceased to be a novelty, many will prefer it on account of its homely origin, and others by reason of the intrinsic superiority which we believe it will always possess, by reason of the excellence of the mate- rial out of which it is manufactured; but it will never come into general use until it is sold as cheap as imported goods of like quality. To expect that it will enjoy a monopoly of the home market for no better reason than that it is home-made, is to expect an amount of patriotic self-sacrifice from the colo- nial public which we think will scarcely be exhibited. On the other hand, the Barwon-side cloth company will pro- bably altogether escape a danger which to the Geelong mind seems to threaten it. The English manufacturers are understood to be in great consternation about the Geelong factory, and are likely to swamp our markets with cloth in order to compass its ruin. We do not think there is much ground for this gloomy anticipation, or that Leeds and Bradford are so much disturbed by Gee- long's manufacturing enterprise as some persons suppose. But if the worst comes to the worst, and the market is swamped with Yorkshire broadcloths and Scotch tweeds, it is some consola- tion to reflect upon the advantages which will accrue to the consumers of those commodities. While correcting some of the erro- neous economic conclusions which have been drawn from the apparition, in Malop-street, of a piece of Victorian made cloth, we have not the slightest desire to disparage the enterprise which produced it, and much less the product itself. We have no doubt the Barwon mill cloth is excellent, wholly consisting, as it unquestionably does, of the very best materials; and we shall be pleased if by and by it figures conspicuously on the pavement of Collins-street. Even if it is not at first so highly finished, or so pleasing to the eye, as the products of English and Scotch looms, it will be an amiable patriotism that gives it a preference on the score of its origin, and we hope there will be such a brisk demand for the new colonial drab as will keep the spindles on the banks of the Barwon busily at work for many a day to come. As to the manufactory as an investment for colonial labour and capital, we shall acknowledge it a success when we find that it re- munerates the proprietors and the labourers at the rates current in other branches of colonial industry, but till then we must protest against its commercial success being taken for granted. There is no greater ti^'Sop^ than to suppose that the Victorian public are commercially in- active, and that their spirit of enterprise stands in need of artificial stimulus. We are, in fact, rather given to over- speculation than otherwise, and our tendency to embark capital in untried and uncertain enterprises should rather be checked than encouraged. We hope, therefore, that the public will wait for the production of favourable balance- sheets by the Barwon Cloth Company (and we sincerely hope there will be no need to wait long), before they proceed to erect the scores of manufactories which our prophetic Geelong contem- porary sees in the future. We understand that an application has been made to the hon. the Attorney- General, requesting that the sentence of death passed upon the convict Whelan may not be carried into execution until certain legal points raised at the trial by Mr. C. A. Smyth have been taken into consideration and decided. A memorial to the same effect will be also presented to His Excellency the Governor. At the first trial, Mr. C. A. Smyth raised a point in the prisoner's favour, which was afterwards held good, and it is considered singular that in such a case his Honour Mr. Justice Barry should have refused to reserve the objections raised by the same counsel. It must afford great gratification to Mr. Francis, and all good protectionists, to find that not only are fewer ships coming here than formerly, but also that those which do come bring less cargo than they are capable of carrying. The day before yesterday the famous Aberdeen clipper Moravian arrived with 300 tons less cargo than her proper and usual complement. Of course that which she does bring costs somebody more than it need. The expenses of a vessel but two- thirds full are just as great as if she were heavily laden. If the loss entailed by crossing the ocean with an insufficient freight falls upon the owners, they will very soon begin to look about for a more profitable employment for their ship; if it falls upon the importers, the consumers of the goods will have to pay, and in either case the consumers must ultimately pay; for fewer ships on the berth means higher freights, and higher freights necessitate increased prices of imported goods. These obvious truths we have no doubt will be disputed by the disciples of Mr. Francis, for, according to their theory, the best thing that could happen would be for ships to come to Victoria, not two-thirds full, but quite empty, since then our imports would be nil, and our exports would, on this hypothesis, keep up as at present. But, unfortunately, the hypothesis makes no allowance for human nature; it does not admit of the contingency that possibly might arise — viz., that exporters might soon tire of sending away goods for which they never get any return. But it requires time for protectionists to compre- hend this. Meanwhile it is well to note the fact, that one of the best and fastest vessels that come to Melbourne has arrived with 300 tons less than her usual cargo, and no passengers. It will be remembered that some time since Mr. Cardwell stated in the House of Com- mons that Sir Charles Darling was deprived of his office of Governor of Victoria, not for any breach of the law, but because he had written an intemperate letter reflecting upon the position and character of several persons occupying public positions in the colony. This statement occasioned some surprise, and, as a significant comment upon it, we may mention that, as soon as it became known that Sir John Young had tendered his resignation of the governorship of New South Wales, Sir Charles Darling applied for the vacant post, but met with a peremptory refusal at the hands of Lord Derby. The monthly part of Petermann'a Geo- graphische Mittheilungen, received here by the last mail, gives to European readers a complete and well-arranged account of the latest results of the exploration of central Aus- tralia. It includes a summary of McIntyre's journal during his travels in 1865 and 1866, and also an account of the explorations of Major Warburton north of Lake Eyre, and at the delta of Cooper's Creek; and of the dis- coveries made by the missionaries, Messrs. Walder, Kramer, and Meissel, at and around Cooper's Creek. The treatise is accompanied by a map of the country to the north of Lake Eyre, showing Warburton's track; a map of Cooper's Creek, with a sketch of a part of the creek, by one of the missionaries; and a map covering the ground of McIntyre's journey, the latter being very carefully drawn from the recorded distances and positions given in McIntyre's journal. The Gazette of last night contains a list of the various mail contracts accepted by the Government. The following memorandum, which will be gratifying to the police, is published in the Gazette of last night:— "I am directed by His Excellency the Governor to convoy to you, and to the officers and constables of the Victoria police force, the expression of the gratification it afforded him to witness the thorough discipline and efficiency of the force, and the excellent arrangements and good order which prevailed, during the visit of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edin- burgh. The Governor is aware that the duties which devolved on the police in con- sequence of the continued festivities through- out the colony on that occasion entailed an unusual amount of severe and arduous duty, and the Governor duly appreciates the zeal, energy, and discretion conspicuously shown by the police; and he feels gratification in conveying to the force the expression of the high sense entertained by His Royal Highness His Duke of Edinburgh of their unremitting and efficient discharge of their duties.'' The annual report of the superioress and community of the Convent of the Good Shepherd, which has just been published, convoys the gratifying intelligence that the various institutions under their care have during the past year been productive of a large amount of good. At the commence- ment of the year the number of inmates was 131, and at the end of last December they numbered 163. Fifty-three unfortunate out- casts have been reclaimed and restored to society, and there is now ample proof that they are leading virtuous and industrious inrancesMi^. Financial matters, unfortunately, do not present such a cheerful appearance. The receipts of the year amounted to £3,056 8s. 8d., and the expenditure to £4,621 11s. 6d., showing a deficiency of £1,565 2s. 10d., in addition to which there remains the balance of debt for the purchase of St. Helier's, making the liabilities, on the 31st December, 1867, £4,871 12s. 8d. Among the receipts we find an item of £697 18s. 2d., the proceeds of the occupation of the inmates in washing and sewing. A lecture was delivered last evening in the South Yarra Presbyterian Church, by the Rev. George Mackie, the subject being "Oliver Cromwell." The lecturer, after giving a minute account of Cromwell's birth, parentage, and early history, described his entrance into political life, and while on this topic he ex- pressed an opinion that politicians of the pre- sent day might find some useful hints in the life of Cromwell for the prevention of dead- locks. The difficulties arising from the con- duct of Charles I., both in politics and re- ligion, and the active part which Cromwell took in the stirring events that followed, were faithfully described. Reference was also made to the state of public feeling in Scotland at the time, and the disaffection which prevailed among the people in consequence of the per- secution to which they were subjected because they worshipped God as their consciences dictated. He spoke of the barbarities of which both Claverhouse and Montrose were guilty, and remarked that he seldom heard the recitation descriptive of the execution of the latter without feeling indignant and dis- gusted. It might be beautiful poetry, but after all it was miserable rubbish, for, not- withstanding the romance that had been written about him, Montrose was a man notorious for persecuting and shooting down his countrymen. The lecture was listened to with great attention by a highly-respectable audience. A meeting of the provisional committee of the proposed Civil Service Club was held yes- terday afternoon, at Menzies' Hotel; Mr. G. W. Rusden in the chair. It was determined that, under present circumstances, and until the number of replies from persons willing to join, reached the originally proposed num- ber of 250, no further action should be taken towards the formation of the club. It was reported that 173 favourable replies had already been received. In one of the nurseries at the Botanic- gardens is a very, large number of young trees of the Pinus Longifolia of the Himalaya mountains, being the first time that these have been reared here in large quantities. There are also a large number of the Pinus Sinensia, from China. Mention may also be made of the Acacia Julibrissin and the Acacia Arabica, strongly-growing bushes, with for- midable thorns, which, if properly trimmed, would make admirable hedge plants, quite impervious to cattle. The tall thick hedge of the New Zealand pittosporum, which grows so dense and regular, and forms a close wall of the thickest foliage of a bright green colour, causes one to wonder that this plant is not more often cultivated for hedges than it is. The acclimatisation of the Victoria Regia may now be regarded as complete, the plant first cultivated having produced seed from which a younger one has grown in the same tank, which now bears its first flower. The collection of plants in the botanical museum has just been enriched by a number of specimens from North Australia, forwarded by Mr. Dallachy. During the week, also, a donation has been received of a collection of seeds from New Zealand, sent by Mr. C. Traill. The Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon, from half-past three to half- past five o'clock, at the Fitzroy-gardens:— March, "The Duke of Edinburgh," Siede; quadrille, "Zurich," d'Albert; selection from "Un Ballo in Maschera," Verdi; overture, "Wil- liam Tell," Rossini; waltz, "Die Werber," Lanner; "Le Carneval de Venice," Siede; gallop, "Rosalien," Kuhner. In the County Court yesterday, in Hipper v. Eager, the plaintiff recovered £10 damages in a small action for assault and false impri- sonment. Defendant was a publican in Bourke-street, and plaintiff was described as a man living on his means. The evidence was conflicting in the extreme as to the origin of the affair. As to the giving in charge of plaintiff by the defendant there was no doubt; but as to the cause and motive which actuated defendant thereto there was a contradiction between the parties. De- fendant's case, which was supported by three witnesses along with himself, was, that plaintiff had gone into defendant's house, re- presenting himself as a Corporation officer charged with seeing that no licensed houses were open after hours according to their licence; that he had offered to "square" the matter (as to being open after hours) with defendant if the latter would pay £5; upon which defendant knocked down the plaintiff, and gave him into custody, under the Vagrant Act. The imputation, of course, plaintiff denied. The judge rather held to credence of defendant's case, but thought that defendant had acted rashly in taking the law into his own hands, and gave the verdict abovenamed for the plaintiff. In Sullivan v. Hadden, the plaintiff, a publican, sued defendant as treasurer of the recent Caledonian Sports. Plaintiff had purchased, at auction, of de- fendant's agent the right to occupy two re- freshment booths at the Sports, but was only able to obtain possession of one of them; he therefore claimed £47 damages for loss of profit, and his deposit of £2 10s. back. The judge gave a verdict for the deposit-money only — £2 10s. The cases tried before Mr. Justice Barry and juries of four yesterday were unimportant. Of the twenty-four on the cause list, one was struck out, in one the record was withdrawn, one was placed at the bottom of the list, and one was transferred to the jury of twelve list. Of the others, one, Smith v. Hunter, was un- defended. It was an action on a bond given as security for costs, and a verdict was given for plaintiff for £24 19s. 5d. The other, Rochfort v. Fenton, was an action by one squatter against a neighbour for an account for fencing between adjoining runs. The jury awarded the plaintiff £31 7s. 6d. At the Supreme Court Criminal Sittings, yesterday, W. G. B. Gurnett was found "Guilty" of forging a bill for £50. The pri- soner admitted that he had put the name of William Bates on the bill, but stated that he had no intention of putting it into circula- tion, and that he believed it was taken from his office by a commission agent named Francis. The prisoner was remanded for sentence. Three women of the town, named Macdonald, Gillan, and Conolly, were charged with assaulting and stealing money from the person of James Wilson, an innocent com- mercial traveller from Sydney, who was re- commended to one of the women by a cab- man, and proceeded to their establishment in Romeo-lane. There was no evidence in sup- port of the charge but that of the prosecutor, and the jury found the prisoners "Not Guilty." In the New Court-house yesterday, Mr. Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve were occupied with the case of McMillan and others v. Rutherford, an action to recover damages for encroachment on a run, which is likely to last over to-day. In the Insolvent Court yesterday, certifi- cates of discharge were granted to thirteen insolvents, to whom there was no opposition. The applications of three other insolvents were adjourned. In the matter of Charles Alexander, of Fitzroy and Collingwood, wholesale and retail butcher, counsel were heard for and against the insolvent's appli- cation for certificate, and the Commissioner reserved his decision until next Friday. Two desperate characters, named respect- tidely (respectively) Walter Ryland and William Slater, were committed for trial by the City Bench yester- day on a charge of assault and street robbery. A sailor named James Cowan had been drink- ing in a public-house in Stephen-street on Tuesday night, and before leaving he changed a £5-note. The prisoners were in the bar of the hotel at the time Cowan entered, and they saw him change the £5-note. Cowan then placed £3 18s. in the breast-pocket of his coat, put a sovereign and a half into his mouth, and left the bar. He proceeded down Little Bourke-street, but was soon overtaken by Ryland, who asked him for a match. While Cowan was searching his pocket for a lucifer Slater rushed up and caught him by the throat, while Ryland tore away the breast-pocket containing the money. Both prisoners then knocked Cowan down, and ran away up a right-of-way alongside the Horse and Jockey Hotel. During the scuffle the sovereign and half-sovereign fell from Cowan's mouth, but were subsequently re- covered by Detective Brown lying on the pavement where Cowan had been thrown, Pursuit quickly followed, and Brown suc- ceeded in arresting both the prisoners in Romeo-lane. Slater managed to escape, but was re-arrested by Detective Mainwaring in Latrobe-street on the following day. A curious case of mistaken identity — which might have been attended with serious con- sequences but for the timely interposition of authority — occurred in Bourke-street on Thurs- day evening. A half-witted German sailor, named Joseph Verbrugen, whose features were covered with recent bruises and scars, had been drinking with a woman of the town. During the debauch she watched her opportunity, robbed her entertainer, and dis- appeared. Some time afterwards Verbrugen became conscious of the theft, and being in- flamed by drink, and prompted by feelings of revenge, he rushed down Collins-street with a sailor's knife in his hand, and singling out a respectable, married woman who was proceeding homewards, he seized her by the throat, and pointing the knife at her breast, swore he would "stab her to the heart" if she did not return his money. Having dis- engaged herself from his grip, the woman shrieked "Murder!" Superintendent Lyttle- ton accidentally happened to be in the neigh- bourhood, and having heard the alarm, he proceeded to the place, seized the ruffian, and handed him over to a constable. When questioned by the Bench at the City Court yesterday, Verbrugen exercised the "No savee" plea, and wished it to be understood that he could not speak English. He was fined 20s., with the option of seven days' im- prisonment. A serious case of snake-bite was brought to town for treatment yesterday. The patient was a Chinese fisherman, who was bitten by a snake in the foot at Queenscliff, on Thurs- day afternoon, at four o'clock, and was brought to Melbourne at six o'clock yester- day, the poison then having been twenty-six hours absorbed in his system. He was taken to the residence of Mr. L. L. Smith, in a comatose state, and was at once placed under treatment. Brandy, ammonia, and other strong stimulants were adminis- tered to the patient, and relays of his fellow countrymen, were employed to keep him walking backwards and forwards. A powerful electro-magnetic battery was brought into requisition, and successive cur- rents of electricity were passed along the spine and through the brain. The applica- tion of the various remedies was persevered with for five or six hours, the patient walk- ing incessantly the whole of the time. At that period it was considered that symptoms of improvement were discernible, and hopes were entertained of a successful result. A man named James Macnamara, who had been lately indulging in a drinking bout, was admitted into the hospital yesterday, suffer- ing from severe lacerations of the jaw and mouth, caused by accidentally stumbling into a quarry at the rear of the British Queen Hotel, Nicholson-street. A young black snake, 2ft. 6in. in length, was found last evening by two gentlemen as it lay coiled up on the footpath in Lygon- street, close to the orderly-room. It was at once killed by a blow from a walking-cane. The reptile had probably made its way from Carlton-gardens to the place where it was killed. Instructions have been issued to the police to strictly enforce the bye-law relating to the walking pace to be observed by cab-drivers and equestrians at the various street crossings. Prosecutions will not be confined to drivers of licensed vehicles, but will also extend to those of private carriages. The cricket arrangements for this after- noon are numerous. A match will be played on the Richmond ground by the second eleven of the local club against the Pentridge Cricket Club. The Richmond team, will consist of King, J. A. Wilmoth, J. Wilmoth, R. Johnson, R. G. Johnson, Madden, Cotter, Dalrymple, Downer, Purser, and W. John- son, emergency Wilson; the Pentridge eleven being selected from the following:— Messrs. T. Champ, J. Constable, Duff, Gaynor, Green, W. Hunt, A. Hunt, A. T. Jones, Long- stop, J. H. Mulvany, Timmins, W. Turnham. The first and second elevens of the South Melbourne and South Yarra Clubs com- mence matches this afternoon; the first elevens at South Yarra, and the second elevens at South Melbourne. The following comprise the South Melbourne teams:— First Eleven — N. Osborne (captain), A'Beckett, Cullen, Dismarr, R. Foote, Gray, Heather, W. McClure, McGann, Nicholson, and Wheat- ley. Second Eleven — Runting (captain), Baker, J. Chessell, Danby, T. Foote, Fyfe, Hunter, A. McClure, W. Osborne, Robinson, and G. Williams. An eleven of the South Melbourne Club will also play at Wil- liamstown against the Williamstown Rail- way Cricket Club. The names of the South Yarra players are:— Messrs. Brigg, Chandler, J. T. Crook, H. Crook, Ogilvy, J. Stewart, Shaw, Turnbull, Thomson, Willoughby, and Walters. The second elevens of the same clubs will play at South Melbourne, the South Yarra men being — Allport, Blanchard, Brown, Byrk- mire, Connor, T. Coventry, D. Coventry, Gair, Moss, Shepherd, and Willis. The match between the Carlton and Prince of Wales Clubs, commenced at Carlton last Saturday, will be continued this afternoon, on the same ground, at two o'clock, the Carlton men resuming the batting. The Ascot Vale Cricket Club will play the second eleven of the East Melbourne Club at East Melbourne this day, at 2 o'clock. The fol- lowing is the team for Ascot Vale:— R. A. Nicholson (captain), R. McCracken, O. C. Williams, J. Madden, J. R. Gardner, W. Madden, C. McCracken, A. McCully, J. McCracken, F. Madden, and W. Williams. A number of races have been arranged to take place to-day on Brighton beach. The sports commence at two o'clock. A meeting of the ratepayers of the borough of Hotham was held last night, at the Town- hall, to take into consideration "the advisa- bility of borrowing money, for the purpose of making the streets within the borough.'' The mayor (Mr. Barwise) occupied the chair, and the attendance was large. The Mayor stated that the council had had under their consideration the question of borrowing a sum of money, for carrying out improve- ments in the borough. By the Municipal Act, the council had power to borrow on its independent authority; but before taking this step, they thought it right to consult the ratepayers. He might state that the sum raised in the borough for rates this year was estimated to be £3,000, and that of this sum about £1,500 would be avail- able for public works. The council had power to borrow to the extent of five times its annual rate. They, therefore, had borrowing powers to the extent of £15,000; but it was not proposed that the loan should exceed £8,000 or £10,000. A long discussion took place on the subject, and a great variety of opinions were expressed, both as to the advisability of the loan, and as to the increase of rate which it would involve. Some were of opinion that no ad- dition to the present rate of 1s. 3d. would be necessary, some thought that a special rate of from 3d. to 6d. would be requisite, and others believed that the special rate would amount at least to 9d. Councillor Flannagan proposed that a committee of ratepayers be appointed to meet with the council, for the purpose of drawing up a scheme and sub- mitting it to a future meeting of ratepayers. Mr. Fyfe seconded the motion. Mr. Leonard moved, and Mr. Armstrong seconded, an amendment, to the effect that the meeting be adjourned for twelve months, in order to enable the council to bring up a complete scheme. On a division, the chairman de- clared the motion carried by a small majority, and intimated that a poll of the inhabitants would be taken on the subject. We regret to observe, from the New Zea- land papers to hand by the Otago, that Dr. Evans is reported as being very ill. Mr. Fox, who lately returned from England, we also notice, had an extremely narrow escape from sudden death, Cobb's coach, in which he was travelling from Waganui, having been upset by an accident, and having been thrown down from a high embankment. There were a number of passengers, all of whom were more or less injured. The barque Novelty has arrived from London at Auckland with a shipment of insectivorous birds for the local Acclimatisa- tion Society. It appears that, notwithstand- ing the care bestowed upon them, both in the provision of a suitable house and food, toge- ther with uninterrupted attention during the voyage, a large portion have not outlived tho severe weather occasionally encountered. The society are, however, fortunate in receiving 161 birds of various kinds. The greatest mortality was amongst the robins, which died in numbers during the cold stormy weather. Out of ten hares put on board, one lived until nearly the termination of the journey, when the severe gale of the 2nd and 3rd inst. proved fatal to it. It was found dead during the continuance of the gale. The collection landed in safety comprise — nine pheasants, six goldfinches, fifty chaffinches, four woodlarks, three house-sparrows, thirty green linnets, five rock-starlings, a quantity of starlings, grey linnets, hedge-sparrows, thrushes, blackbirds, skylarks, yellowham- mers, partridges, &c.; A man named John George Thomas Burke was yesterday arrested in Geelong, on war- rant, charged with deserting his wife in Mel- bourne, in April, 1867. Burke's name, it is stated, has appeared some fourteen times in the annals of the police on this charge, in- compatibility of temper being the cause. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, John Halliday was charged, on remand, with obtaining money and goods from T. W. Allen, by means of a valueless cheque. Pro- secutor stated that on the 19th October the prisoner purchased from him a pair of boots. On the 30th November, prisoner obtained another pair of boots, tendering in payment of the two pairs a cheque for £4. Prosecutor gave prisoner £2 in change. The cheque, on being presented, was marked "no ac- count." The prisoner was then charged with obtaining money and goods, by means of a valueless cheque, from John Burns, of the Newmarket Hotel. About the latter end of November prisoner obtained drinks from prosecutor, giving a cheque for £2 in payment, and receiving as change £1 19s. The cheque was proved to be valueless. There was a third charge, of similarly im- posing upon Edward Kenny, a storekeeper, by purchasing half a chest of tea, paying £2 on account, and subsequently giving a worthless cheque for £3 15s., receiving £1 7s. in change. The prisoner was committed to take his trial at the next sittings of the Circuit Court. The young girl named Mary Ann Stevenson, who has been remanded from time to time on a charge of steal- ing a paletot, valued at 25s., from Eliza- beth Wainwright, who at the time of the theft were both in gaol, was again brought up yesterday. The prosecutrix stated that she missed the paletot from the cell on the evening of the 6th inst., and the prisoner was the only person who knew the cloak was there. Stevenson was subsequently arrested in Melbourne with the cloak upon her. In defence, it was stated that the prisoner received the property, just before being discharged, from a follow prisoner named Margaret Kenny, now at liberty. The case was remanded for her evidence. John Brown, charged with uttering a forged cheque to Patrick Griffin, of Melbourne, was, on the application of Detective Hartney, remanded thence. A workman in the mine of the North Grenville Company, Scarsdale, named Ed- ward Aisbett, was killed on Thursday morn- ing by a fall of earth in the drive. He left a wife and five children almost wholly un- provided for. A well-dressed man, named John Herman, was arrested at Learmonth the other day for begging, and when searched by the police he was found to have the sum of £3 13s. 1d, in his pocket. Bush fires, which, owing to the moisture and coolness of the season, have been very rare this summer, have during the fine warm weather of the last few days been turning up in several parts of the country. Around Daylesford, where scarcely any bush-fires had been observed before during the summer, the forest has within the last day or two been alight in various places. "As Easter is now drawing near," says the Ballarat Star, "volunteers are beginning to inquire if there is to be any Sunbury encamp- ment this year. The dead-lock is supposed by some to supply a negative reply to the query, and more hopeful politicians look for some sort of adjustment of difficulties as soon as Parliament meets. Another hypothesis is, that there will be no Sunbury encampment, but a review on the Queen's birthday instead. The following admirably characteristic piece of anti-climax is from the Geelong Advertiser:— "From time to time we have maintained, when disparaging remarks have been made by our metropolitan contem- poraries upon the progress of Geelong, that if its growth was slow, it was like the oak, the king of the forest, sure and steady, striking its roots deep, and quietly preparing an en- during holdfast, sufficient to maintain its long-lived superiority over its congeners, and insure its vitality in the many years of the future. So it is with Geelong-its advance is gradual and without display, silent, perhaps, and unobserved by those who look for rapid expansion, but not the less sure and perma- nent than the monarch, of the British forest, which steadily puts forth branch after branch, and preserves, its sap sound and vital at its heart's core. We are led to these remarks from noticing — and we hope in doing so we shall evoke no unworthy spirit of jealousy the new establishment of Mr. Henry Franks, in Malop-street, just opened to supply first- class work in lithography, copperplate and letterpress printing, embossing, and book- binding." Another fatal case of snake-bite has oc- curred in the Western district. The Belfast Gazette writes:— "We regret to have to an- nounce the death from snake-bite, on Satur- day last, of Mr. Henry Good, a well-known and respected resident of this district. Mr. Good was bitten in the wrist by a snake in the morning, whilst assisting in getting in a crop of peas. The wounded portion was cut out soon after, and the usual stimulants em- ployed; but he sank rapidly, and died the same evening. The deceased was a respect- able farmer in the prime of life, and leaves a widow and several children to deplore his un- timely end." A case of snake-bite cured is thus related by the Geelong Register:— "At Lethbridge, last Monday, as a man was moving a stone he felt something prick him, which at the time he thought was a nettle; however, on lifting the stone a snake was visible, and it was evident that the prickly sensation had been caused by a bite from the venomous reptile. The man used the penknife pretty freely, cutting away the flesh round the bite, apparently with success, as no after effects were felt." We understand that a memorial has been presented to the Executive Council, praying a remission of the sentence of death in the case of the condemned man Humphries, now lying in Castlemaine Gaol. A child was poisoned some time ago at Hamilton by picking up and eating some arsenic which it found, near the manure depot, where it had been carelessly thrown. The Spectator now writes:— "We have no desire to raise any unnecessary, alarm, but really feel bound again to draw most serious attention to the large quantities of arsenious acid that are still to be picked up, not only in the neighbourhood of the manure depot, but in other parts of the town also. Yesterday afternoon a young man connected with this, office brought us two large lumps of the dangerous poison, which he found at a spot on the other side of the creek, where several children were playing about at the time. These two 'specimens' together weigh exactly twenty-four ounces avoirdupois, and, as three grains are sufficient to kill an adult, there is therefore sufficient arsenic in this find alone to fill three thousand eight hundred, and forty coffins!" It is reported by the Wellington Inde- pendent "that an attempt was recently made by the Government to remove Sullivan, the Maungatapu murderer, from Nelson to some other settlement. He was brought down quietly in ordinary costume, to the Otago, on her last trip from Nelson to this port, by a constable in plain clothes, but as the affair became known, the captain refused to take him, and the prisoner had to be handcuffed and put on shore." The Mount Alexander Mail is informed that a writ has been served on Mr. Greenhill, butcher, of Mostyn-street, at the suit of Mr, J. B. Patterson, of Chewton, in an action for libel, damages laid at £1,000. The Gipps Land Times writes as follows of John Middleton, known as "Sailor Jack," a quartz-reef prospector, who was recently found dead in his hut in the ranges on the Devil's River:— "Few were aware of Jack's real name, but all know of his indefatigable exertions in the mountains in quest of reefs, and of the success which often attended his prospecting excursions. At Kilmore he dis- covered some reefs which at the present day remain valuable properties. At Wood's Point he was also fortunate, and claimed the honour of discovering the All Nations and other reefs, which were for a long time held in high repute. Many of the reefs in Gipps Land owe their origin to Jack, but few of them are in very high estimation at present, and many of the shareholders, especially in the Britannia and Eldorado, on the Crooked River, would be better satis- fied if he had not met with so enticing a show as that reef presented on the surface. Although often in a position to have re- alised an independent fortune, he never took advantage of the opportunity. He was good-natured and beneficent in the extreme, and, his old associates or others acquainted with him obtained shares in all his disco- veries until he had none left for himself. A bottle of grog or a few pounds was to him a sufficient equivalent for a share in a reef; in fact, in moments of excitement, he sometimes forgot how many shares he disposed of; and on the Crooked River he was said to have parted with twenty sixteenths in the Britannia alone. On occasions of particular good for- tune he always maintained the true charac- ter of the sailor by remaining in town until every shilling was spent, when he supplied himself with a bottle of rum, and repaired again to the ranges. Sometimes he would be lost sight of for a week or a fortnight, and the greatest wonder is that his bones have not been found bleached in some re- mote part of the colony years ago. The most remarkable feature in his prospecting career is that he was no miner; he never worked in a claim, never was the length of himself down a shaft, and yet there appeared to be a kind of affinity between himself and gold-bearing lodes." The Kilmore Free Press, writing of the recent election, states that "a few days prior to the election it was noticed that a few of the more 'conscientious' supporters of the Ministry would not support Mr. Dwyer, and most of those persons who were wavering had copies of the following distributed amongst them — the Ministerial organisation being doubtless under the impression that by ap- pealing to the religious prejudices of some it would have the desired effect:— 'Confiden- tial. — Protestant Electors of Kilmore. — Vote for Dwyer, who had the independence to expose the plots and intrigues of the Popish priests and political Jesuits. Melbourne, Feb. 18, 1868.' There was only one man out of the many entrusted with this precious document who broke the con- fidence imposed, and though the Minis- terial party gained their man a few votes by this mean transaction, as soon as it became known amongst the Constitu- tionalists it had the effect of making them more energetic, and the circular was reprinted and circulated in the following manner:— 'Copies of the following have just been cir- culated through the electors with a view doubtless of influencing a certain class in favour of Dwyer. The Ministerial (?) Asso- ciation are supposed to be at the head of the matter:— "Confidential. — Protestant Electors of Kilmore, — Vote for Dwyer, who had the independence to expose the plots and in- trigues of the Popish priests and political Jesuits. Melbourne, Feb. 18, 1868." This, we think, more than turned the tables upon the Ministerial candidate, many of whose supporters became hate at the subterfuge re- sorted to by his party, and they went and recorded their votes against him." "On the polling day for the Creswick dis- trict," reports a Daylesford paper, "there was a sort of free fight at Deep Creek be- tween the supporters of the Ministerial can- didates and those of Mr. Stanbridge. Among those who took part in the fray was one Thomas Forster, who, having indulged freely in beer, at the expense of Mr. Stanbridge, in- sulted some of that gentleman's friends. The free use of his tongue among an excited crowd having roused their ire, he was chased by some of them, and knocked down, as a hint to be more civil for the future. Senior-constable Rogers, in charge of the local station, was appealed to by a mate of Forster to arrest his assailants, but as Rogers did not see the assault, and knew that Forster was more drunk than hurt, the latter was left to his civil remedy. Aggrieved at the refusal of Rogers to interfere, Forster complained to the chief commissioner of police that Rogers had neglected his duty by not interposing when 'he (Forster) was hunted by a mob of in- furiated Irishmen, and the "wretches ", had followed him to his claim.' The matter was referred to Mr. Superintendent Winch, who laid a formal charge against Rogers before the local bench on Tuesday. After a patient investigation, during which it was proved by overwhelming evidence that Forster had only himself to blame for the thrashing he had re- ceived, and that Rogers had shown great dis- cretion in preventing a serious disturbance, the police magistrate dismissed the charge as 'vexatious and frivolous.' " "On Tuesday afternoon, at about six o'clock, some sensation was created in Beech- worth, by the report of a pistol in Camp- street. On proceeding immediately to the spot," says the Ovens Constitution, "our re- porter found Mr, H. C. Evans, the grocer, struggling with a man, and wresting the pistol from his hand. It appeared that a few minutes before, the man was detected steal- ing a bottle of ginger-beer, and rushed from the shop. On being followed, he turned round, discharged a loaded revolver at his pursuer, and then struck him violently in the face. A crowd was soon collected, and the fellow was carried off to the camp. He is a stranger in Beechworth, and from his general appearance seemed to us as if he were either a lunatic or an escaped gaol- bird.'' On Monday last, a man giving the name of Roberts, was arrested in Belfast, on suspicion of being one William Tyndall, charged with embezzling some £700, as manager of the Ballarat and Clunes Gold-mining Company. The prisoner, who declared his innocence, was admitted to bail on his own recognisance until further inquiries were made as to his identity. An old man named Alexander Ellis, while engaged hoisting quartz in a claim at Long Gully, Sandhurst, on Thursday, missed his footing, and fell down the shaft, a depth of about sixty feet. He was killed instan- taneously. The first of a series of quarterly fairs, for the sale of horses and cattle, was held at Leigh-road on Thursday. The performances at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre last night were for the benefit of Mr. E. Pole, who appeared as Claude Melnotte. The attendance was meagre. The drama of "Raffaelle the Reprobate" and the burlesque of "Ernani" are to be produced this even- ing. "The Woman in Mauve" and "The Pasha of Pimlico" were played to a moderately good house, at the Princess's Theatre, last even- ing. "The Wreck of the Rapid," a nautical drama, is announced for this evening. The managerial benefit at the Theatre Royal last night was, not very largely patronised, owing no doubt to the attractions of the farewell performances of the three preceding nights. This evening, Miss Marian Dunn, Mr. John Dunn, and Mr. L. McGowan make their first appearance. The pieces selected are "The Serf" and the burlesque of "The Lady of Lyons." The principal part in the extravaganza will be sustained by Miss Marian Dunn, who is spoken of in terms of unqualified praise by the press of New Zealand, where she recently completed a lengthened professional tour, in the course of which she played a large round of leading characters in comedy and burlesque. That very clever young acrobat, Mr, John Haslam, who gave a series of feats upon the flying trapeze on the occasion of his benefit on Thursday night, at the Varieties, repeated the same performance last night. Mr. Has- lam's entertainment is dangerous enough to satisfy the most ardent admirer of sensation feats, and has the additional merit of being remarkably graceful and artistically exe- cuted. His performance is one of the best things we have seen at the Varieties for some time past. A match at bowls will take place this day, at half-past three p.m., between the Prince Alfred and West Melbourne Bowling Clubs, on the ground of the latter, with sixteen players on each side. A meeting of the members of the West Melbourne Literary Institute was held last evening, for the purpose of adopting a code of amended rules. The business transacted was of a private nature. Credit should have been given, in the article published on Thursday, descriptive of Mr. Bennett's boiling-down establishment on the Saltwater River, to Messrs. McKay and Co., of 59 Queen-street, who were the de- signers and fitters of the works. The following reward has been paid from the Police Fund in the course of the week:— To Constable Thomas Delany, Melbourne, £3, in acknowledgement of his services in the arrest and prosecution of Joseph Brown, sentenced to three years for burglary. From the weekly abstract of births and deaths for Melbourne and the suburban boroughs, issued yesterday by the registrar general, it appears that there were 132 of the former and 92 of the latter. In Collingwood and North Melbourne respectively there were 27 births, and in the former 23 and in the latter 17 deaths. In South Melbourne there were 13 births and 24 deaths, fourteen of the latter being in public institutions. In commemoration of the opening of St. Jude's Church, Carlton, the first anniversary services will be held to-morrow. The morn- ing sermon will be preached by the Rev. John Barlow, of St. John's; and the evening sermon by the Rev. H. B. Macartney, jun. (son of the Dean of Melbourne). The erec- tion of a parsonage for the clergyman of this parish has for some time past been spoken of. The ladies of the congregation have pro- posed, and are now actively engaged in arranging for, a bazaar in aid of the fund for this object. The bazaar is fixed for the first week in May. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent made the following return:— Number of inmates in the home, as reported last week, 290; admitted since, 73; persons who have received out- door relief, 571, or 137 families; total relieved, 934; discharged from the home during the week, 70; total at present remaining, 293; number of women hair-teasing, 18; in the laundry, 4; men oakum-picking, 45; work- ing outside, 4. A few articles of clothing have been received from Mrs. Gafson; and per Mr. Goff, collector — £2 2s. from Rolfe and Co., and £3 3s, from Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. We find from the Police Gazette of yester- day that a warrant has been issued against a young woman named Amy Gray, who is charged with stealing a brooch and a lace pocket-handkerchief; that a young man named Gordon, "a fighting man, and a fre- quenter of taps," is wanted, for robbing his father in Williamstown of a gold watch; that a woman named Eliza Macdonald is ac- cused of stealing a variety of apparel from Catherine Fitzgerald, Little Lonsdale-street east; and that a reward of £10 is offered for the discovery of the person who poisoned a dog (valued at £100), in East Collingwood, on the night of the 23rd inst. 