THE SKETCHER. A TRIP ACROSS THE AUSTRALIAN ALPS. In the hot summer months, when everything is parched and dried up on the low lands, when bush fires rage, and hot winds reign triumphant, the Snowy Plains of the Australian Alps are in their beauty — the climate deliciously cool, the grass fresh, green, and luxuriant, and the air fragrant with the flowers which cover the ground as with a carpet. The alpine range, when viewed from a distance, seems to rise abruptly on one side to the height of from four to seven thousand feet above the level of the sea, and fall away at once on the other, but on reaching what seems to be the top of the mountain, it is found to be an elevated plateau, in some parts forty miles across, and known as the Snowy Plains. Though so beautiful in summer, in the winter they are covered deep with snow, which begins to melt in October, and is carried off by numerous rivulets, which form the heads of the various rivers, often causing floods and devastation on the low lands. This fine country would long since have been perma- nently taken up as squatting stations were it not for the snow. Years ago one homestead was built, but when winter came it nearly cost the people on the station their lives, as they became snowed up. There may have been other attempts to permanently settle there, but only the one has come to my knowledge. The ascent from Manaroo, New South Wales, is much more gradual (Manaroo itself being high) than it is on the Victorian side. Some few years ago I had occasion, in company with a friend, to cross the mountains in the month of February from Manaroo to Victoria, and I never enjoyed a trip more. We left Mr. M.'s station, near the foot of the mountains, on a hot, sultry morning ; the proprietor of the station and one of his stockmen accompanied us some miles on our journey. He was mus- tering cattle at the time, and his stock in the summer months fed on the high lands. He told us that he lost a number every year ; some joined the wild cattle which never left the mountains, and others perished in the snow. After travelling a few miles we entered on the plains, and most beautiful and refreshing they were after the heat and barrenness of the country we had passed through in Manaroo. Fine clumps of timber were scattered over the plains, and here and there a mob of cattle were grazing ; it had all the appearance of a fine well-ordered park. We travelled slowly on until the middle of the day, when we camped on the bank of a pebbly brook, with water as clear as crystal and cold as ice. I hobbled out the horses, while my friend pro- ceeded to make the fire and boil the billy for the everlasting tea. We had intended going on some miles further in the afternoon, but found ourselves so comfortable that we deter- mined to remain where we were, as we were not pressed for time, and our horses seemed to enjoy the splendid feed after the dry sapless apology for grass they had been eating for some time previous. We amused ourselves until evening in strolling about the neighbour- hood of our camp, and prospecting an im- mense mass of quartz which cropped out on the banks of the rivulet. As we had no appli- ances for breaking out the stone we could only examine the moss-covered surface, but could see nothing that looked like gold. Mr. M. had in the morning pointed out several places as we rode along where he said he had found gold, and from the quantity of quartz we saw I should not be astonished if large quantities of the precious metal were found in different parts of the Snowy Plains ; indeed, such is the case already, the digging township of Kiandra being on a portion of them. As night drew on it became quite cold, and we were glad to make up a good fire in front of the breakwind we had constructed. There is something very pleasant in a summer night's camp under a beautiful Aus- tralian sky, especially if you have an agreeable companion to chat about old times over a pipe and a pot of tea. The night I am now writing about was one of the finest I ever remember, old bushman as I am. There was no moon, and the stars shone out and twinkled splendidly in the cloud- lees deep blue vault of Heaven. Before we turned into our blankets I went after the horses, to see which way they were head- ing. After satisfying myself on this point we made up the fire for the night, and were soon sound asleep. I was awakened by my companion about sunrise next morning. He had been some little distance, but could see nothing of the horses. This was not very agree- able news, and we could not understand it, as they were generally in sight of our camp fire in the morning. However, we did not think they would be far, and so made the tea, had our breakfast, and rolled up our blankets ready for the pack-saddle, and then taking our bridles, proceeded to look for the missing steeds. We picked up the tracks where I left them feeding the previous night, and followed them up the creek for several hundred yards, when we came on a number of fresh tracks , and we then guessed that a mob of wild horses had come down to drink, and that ours had joined them. Our only hope was that, being hobbled, they would soon drop behind. We followed the tracks for about two miles, when we suddenly came on my saddle-horse standing in a little hollow. After a good deal of trouble we succeeded in catching him, for although usually very quiet he was now excited and out of temper, having lost his mates. As soon as he was caught I jumped on his back and cantered to our last night's camp for my saddle, leaving my com- panion on the tracks till I returned. I over- took him half a mile ahead of where I had left him, and in a few minutes after, on ascending a small rise in the plain, we caught sight of the mob about two hundred yards ahead. There were twelve in all, most of them mares and foals. We could at once distinguish ours, and saw from their walk that they had both broken their hobbles, which accounted for their leaving their mate behind. After a short consultation we determined that the best plan was to head the mob down to our camp and cut our's off as they galloped. I accordingly rode down to where they were feeding. Directly they saw me they galloped together, threw up their heads, and snorted, and in a moment, with their long tails stretched out, were scouring along in a headlong gallop. Luckily my horse was a very good one, fast and enduring, and this was not the first time I had ridden him after wild horses. After a hard gallop I headed them in the direction I wished, and in the next mile our horses dropped to the rear, on seeing which I put mine to the top of his speed, and succeeded in cutting them off from the mob, who were soon out of sight. They soon steadied when left alone ; indeed, they, as well as the horse I rode, and myself into the bargain, were pretty well blown. Shortly after I got to the camp my friend came up, and we saddled, lighted our pipes, and started ; but it was past ten before we were off. The ride this day was as enjoyable as that of yesterday, the same fine country, the only difference being that the plains were more undulating, like an American prairie, and there was but little timber, and that mostly dead and stunted in growth. For some miles there was not a living tree. This we afterwards heard had been caused by a tremendous bush fire, which had occurred some years before our visit. It is seldom the summer is hot enough, or the grass sufficiently dry to burn, so it is all the worse when it does take place. Year after year the grass grows and dies down, and is succeeded by a fresh crop, until a perfect mat is formed ; in many places it is like lying on a mattress. We saw another mob of wild horses feeding in the distance, and passed the skeletons of some cattle lying together. These were the remains of some unfortunate animals over taken by a heavy fall of snow. We had been told on the previous morning by Mr. M. that he had found as many as thirty lying together in the same manner. When the winter snows set in the station cattle make for their own runs, and the wild ones for the sheltered slopes of the mountains, where they live on what they can pick up and the thoughts of happier days, until returning spring enables them to return to their pastures. Many, however, both tame and wild, put off their departure until it is too late, get caught in a heavy snowstorm, and perish. They huddle up together, and as the storm increases they commence to ring, or walk in a small circle, as cattle in difficulties always do. By this means, trampling the snow under foot, they gradually but surely become surrounded by a wall of snow, from which there is no escape, and there they die of cold and starvation. When summer returns, their hides and bones alone remain. About four o'clock we crossed the backbone of the range from which the peaks rise which are seen from the country below. They are large masses, principally rock, with frozen snow clinging to the sides, where, sheltered from the sun's rays, and rising several hundred feet above the level of the plateau, we passed close under one of these mountain peaks, and as we approached were fairly deafened by the cawing of numberless crows which go there to build ; the birds were evidently put out by human brings intruding into their solitudes. There must have been thousands of them ; every stunted tree was covered with their nests, and the rocks also. We now crossed a very deep, and broad ravine, which in the winter must be full of snow, and camped for the night not far from our friends the crows. We took care to short-hobble our horses before turning them out, to prevent a repetition of their bad conduct. As evening came on , we collected a quantity of firewood ; the night was very cold — if not frost, something very like it, notwithstanding it being the middle of Febru- ary. In the night I awoke, and got up to re- plenish the fire, and as, my companion was, fast asleep, I lit my pipe, and lay down again to sleep or think. Suddenly a wild dog, some distance down the ravine, began his dismal howl, and I thought, as the sound rose and fell on the still night air, I had never heard anything so melancholy or depressing. Whether it was the deathlike stillness of every thing else around me seemed to increase the intensity of the doleful cry I know not, but it appeared to me like the wail of a departed spirit in agony. I have often been camped by myself in lonely places before and since, and heard the wild dog's howl in the still hours of the night, as then, but I shall never forget that wretched warrigal's howl on the top of the Snowy Mountains. Next morning our horses were close at hand, and we got away in good time. We had not travelled far before it suddenly clouded over, and a heavy driving storm of rain and sleet set in, which con- tinued long enough to make us cold, wet, and uncomfortable, and shutting out our landmarks, compelled us to steer by com- pass, but it soon cleared off, and the sun shone out again. About midday we made the falls of the mountains at the head of the Murray, and a magnificent sight presented itself to our view. All Victoria seemed laid at our feet — plains and forests, hills and valleys as far as the eye could reach, while far away, and blue with distance, a high range of hills shut out the view. Here and there large bush-fires were raging, the plains looked like white dots, and the whole country seemed parched by the summer sun, so different to where we stood, where all was fresh and green, the air bracing, and the climate delightful. After we had feasted our eyes some time on the scene we commenced our descent ; luckily, we got on a leading spur, which took us down without much trouble. As the sun was sinking, we made an old deserted hut, which the enter- prising squatter owning the station had put up at some time or other to feed a flock of sheep from, as we could see from the remains of the old brush yard ; but as the timber was very dense, and nothing but tall wild hops to be seen, the spec must have been a bad one ; however, it afforded us shelter for the night. We soon had a good fire blazing up the old chimney, and an armful or two of ferns made a very good impromtu mattress. Generally an empty hut in the bush is unsafe to enter, as they are full of fleas ; but this one had been so long without tenants that the troublesome little insects had died of despair. The next morning we followed an old dray track, which led us to the homestead, where we breakfasted. In a few days' easy travelling we reached our own station, and so our journey ended. But I have often thought since that a very agree- able time might be spent by two or three com- panions, who knew something of the bush and could spare the time, paying a visit to the region I have attempted to describe. An artist would be well repaid, for nothing can exceed the beauty of the scenery ; all that would be required would be a pack-horse to carry provisions and bedding, a light tent, and a gun,and ammunition. Some day I hope myself to repeat my trip across the Snowy Mountains. — A. L. 