SALE POLICE COURT. Fritlay, Vob, 28. (Befora W. H. Poster, Esq., P.M.I Tritrars v Bariett.—Claim for £1 14s 2jd. No appearance of defendant. Order for amount and vasts 2s 6d. A beer licenso wa» granted to Max. Bustorfl for a hoiut) ou the Crooked Hi Tar Jtond. • Mr Woods having applied for bail (or John Kinj» ut present 11 prisoner on lemand from the lust General Sessions Mr Foster intimnted that thi' b.iil bad been fixed by Mr Warden Ilowitt at ono surety in £50, and tho prisoner in tbo paiuu amount. Mr Woods (ken entered into bail for Kind's appearanoo ut tho next Circuit ^Jourt. Saturday, Fob, ^9. (Beforo W. H. Foster, Esq., P.M.) Andrew Amiersuu churned with larceny of a meerschaum pipa tbo pro perty of Daniel Egan. Coasinbla Eftan, stationed at Otneo, deposed that on the 2nd day of Deeomber last n» ha was in charge, of prisoner who had bei'n sentenced to three months hard labour, ho missed a meerschaum |>ip<?. Tim one produced it bis p:oporty. Its value is about ten shillings Prisoner mm; have taken it while KUuoss'ts back was I ttirnod. Constablo AlusuiidHr deposed, that prisoner arrived at UnirUMlalq on t'- Vl'.h D'-'imbpr lu-t, civ; (Va' m I the inventory form of property origi nally found on prisoners, and in reply to a question a3 to how ha became (lOfScBsed of it, prisoner said that it had been given to him by some ono on the rontl. TI10 prisoner having1 agreed (o have the matter dealt with at once, Mr Foster ordered that lie should be im prisoned and kept to hard labour for 14 days. Monday, 2nd March. (Bfifore \V. H. Foster, .Esq., P.M.') Cherry v Toole.—Claim for L3 3s 2d for poods sold and delivered. No ap pearance for defendant. Order for the amount anri 2» 6d costs. The nils nisi which had bpan pre vion sly obtained for the sequestration of the estate of Mr It. D. Ireland was on I'ueday tnade alifolute by his Iionjr Mr Justice Mol-wortb, there being no opposition offered. I ho public are cautioned against re ceiving spurious L5-notes, several of which have lately been detected. A sample df a forged oho may be seen at the shop of Messrs J. Murray and Co., watchmakers, Bourkc Street. After the declaration of the poll at Portland, on the 20th, ft number of Mi lliliters' supporters, much against tlini g-erirleman's wish, insisted on ' chairing'' him, utid at length, seeing the candidate Very averse to this, compromised the matter by dragging- him and the mayor of Portland around the town in triumph in a nondescript conveyance something between a buggy ana n phaeton. The procession was certainly not an imposing spectacle, although the small boys who mustered strong, cheered as though they had never seen a pair of mayors in a carriage before. An action for damages for defamation of character has, it is said, been brought hy Mr J. B. Patterson, one of tho de feated candidates for Castleutaine, against Mr Greenbill, ol that town. W« understand that the cause of action Aiisas out of a conversation which Mr . Groeiihill had during the election with some cattle salesmen at Sandhurst, relative to Mr Patterson's moral fitness to occupy a seat in Parliament. Da mages aro laid at L1000. Bush fires which owing to the mois ture and tho coolness of the season, have been very rare this summer, have during tho fine warm weather weather of the last few days been turn ling up in several parts of the country. Around Daylesford, where 6carcely any bushfires had been observed bafore during the summer, the forest has within the Inst day or two been alight n various places. Tho pilice have received information from a man named James Ennis that ho f«nnd tho skeleton of a full-grown human hand wrapped up in a pieee of worn paper, in a street ynrd, at tho corner of Lonsdale and Stephen streets. A correspondence which took place b.-twean the council of tho Board of .National Education and the Uoman Catholic clergy of New South Wales has bi-en published, which shows that t.!i<! olergy brought a series of charges against the inspectors of schools, and then declined to substantiate them when callrd upon to do so. Tim steamship Trio left Sale on the 2G'.h inst., at S3 a.m., and arrived at the Queen's Wharf at (i a.m. on Friday, having accomplished the trip from Melbourne to tlio vaiious ports in the Lakes and hack in tho space of a little more th..n six. and a half days. A Chi mse fisherman at St. Leonard's, Quonnsidiff, was bitten in the toe by a snaU'i about lit. Gin. long on Thursday evening, at about 5 o'olock, and was brought by steamer to Melbourne. On his arrival on Friday evening, ho waa takt-n to Mr L. L Smith, who at Onca adminijtei'tfd ammonia and other activo stimulants, and afterward? exposed the mar, to the action of a powerful electric battery, t: o had siiieo bet*n kept walking about, and at a late hour la-u night was progressing favourably, although not out of danger. When brought to Melbourne ho was in a co matose state. From Adelaide wn hear that splendid rains h .ve fallen in the Far North. The corn market in very firm. Best samples urn in demand at 8s per bushel, whilst inferior qualities are difficult to dispose of. Cuttle for fattening and fat calves are veiy scarco, and nro fetching ex treme rates. About 2000 ounces of gold were sent away from the Maryborough diggings, (Queensland), during the last fourteen ilays. The operation of digging had been interrupted by the flooding out of tho claims. A child was pb:soned some time ago at Hamilton by pickiDg up and eating Some ai sonic which it found near the manure depot, where it bad been care lessly thrown. The 'Spectator' now writes :—" Wo have no deiiro to raise an unnecessary alarm, but really feel bound again to draw most serious at tention to tho large quantities of arsenious acid that aro still to bs picked up, not only in tho neighbourhood of the manure depot, but in other parts of the town also. Friday afternoon a young man connected with this office brought us two largo lumps of danger ous poison, which he found at i spot on the otlwr 6ido uf the creek, where several children were playing about at th<s time. Those two ' specimens ' to gether weigh oxnetly twenty-four ounces avoirdupois, and as three grains is sufficient to kill an adult, there is sufficient arsenic in this find alone to fill three thousand eight hundred and forty coliins. I he ' iSew Zealand Gazette' publishes a return of the quantity aud value of gold exported from the various ports of New Zealand for tho year 18G7, which shows the following results:—Auck land, GG37 oz ; Haveloek and Picton, 501 oz; Nelion, 9123 oa; W.estpnrt, 80,453 oz ; Brighton, 44,427 oz; Grcyraoatli, 127,997 oz; Hokitika, 2-13,309 oz; Okarita, 9828 «z; Dmiedin, 14i),804 oa; Invercargill, 9151 oz; Bluff Harbor, 3 oz. Grand ! t'ltal, G80.753 oz, of the value of .... We, Herald, understand that'efforts hare been made by tha counsel nnd attorney for Wheelan, convicted of tl.e murder of the hawker, Bromley, at Iiokewood, to compel the Full dourt to bear the objection raisad at the trial arid which Mr Justice Barry rcservn. Air C. A. Smyth, 11 will be remem bered, argued that the decision of the Privy Council in the Queen v. Ber trand conclusively showed that the Crown had no power td order a new tfidl on criminal rinses. In thh Sydney Assembly on Tuesday Dr. Lang's motion that tho liori njomberc. Messrs Macpherson and Leo ba jiroseeutcd by the hon. the Attoruoy-General for their unseemly conduct in the House on the jireirions day, was carried by twonty-four to twenty-two against the Government. A notice df of motion has bern given that the resolution be rescinded. It is expected that the dobate oh this motion will bo a very warm one. During til# debate tho Governmorit tried on one or two occasions to proceed with the discussion on Supply, but failed each time. Tho trial of Bernard. Cuningham for the murder of a man at Keilor, which has to have taken place at tha Criminal Sessions yesterday, was postponed until Tuesday nex , in consequenco of the prisoner objecting to bo defended by Mr. M. G. Byrrie, who had been retained in his behalf. When the prisoner entered the dock, Mr Bryne explained thai Cunningham, hearing of the very able man ner in wnicu tfuscyi* Mr. C. A. Smyth, wished that gentleman to take up his case, and therefore, under the circumstances, he (Mr Bryne) would not for a consideration of £50,000 continue to hold hio brief. A young man named John Smith in tho employment of Mr. R. H. Woodward, of the Farnham survoy, while walking across a swampy piece of ground, was bitten (as ho stated) by a largo snako right through the leather of a blucher boot. Tho occurrence took place at half past seven o'clock on Tues day evening, and tho preciso locality of tho injury was just a little abovothe ancle joint. His master aftor first ordering a ligature to be placed round the sufferer's injured limb, drovo him in rapidly to Messrs Boyd and Mac kanzie's surgory, which was reached in an h"ur and a half from tho time of tho accidont. Dr. M'Konzie informs us that the patient, a line young follow of about S!2 yoars, was then in a state of stupor and partial!)' blind from tho efiects of tho absorption of the poison, tho marks of tho tangs of the reptilo wero dis tinctly risible where it had bitten, A pieco of flesh about an inch square was excised to Causo hemorrhage, and freely rubed with ammonia; which was also administered in ternally. At about midnight tho case looked bild and the poor follow became pulseless, but by porseverahed and unromiting attention during the remainder of tho nifht, Dr. M'Konzio was rewarded for his exertions by seeing his patient snatched as it wero from the jaws of death, and ablo to stand upright tho following morning. Warnambool Sentinel. Impounded at Bosedalo, 7th Feb. 18(38, by W. E. King, Esq.—Trespass Is each. Red bullock, cock horns, while on back and legs, ER off ribs, like pq nfi rump. Yellow cow, whi'e face, legs, and back, like j^F off ribs, brand vsry illegible. If not claimed and expenses paid, to ba sold on the 4th Match, 1868. Ciias. Du Ve, Poundkeeper. Impounded at Sale, 17th February, 1868, by .the herdsman of the Bun delnguah Farmers' Common.—Trespass 2d per head. lloan mare, like W over mA. off shonl der, triangle near shoulder, shod, star Bay horse, like JS over JS near shoul der, star, blaze, shod Brown horse, DC over half circle near shoulder, hind feet white, star CliKsnut mare, WC or G off shoulder Black maro ^R near shoulder, C or G nmir thigh, blind near eye If not claimed and expensos paid, will ba «old oti 18th March, 1868. H. SI. Pearson, Poundkeeper. Impounded at Sale, 20th February, 1868, by Mr Charles M'Liun C:eai»y mare, W over DIv near shoulder. Bay horsp, like C or G in cir«le off shoulder, shod. Grey horso, P3 over T conjoined near shoulder, shod, collar mark. Bay mare, likeco over O or O near shoulder, star. Bay filly foal, no brand, Star and snip, progeny. Dark grey maro, anchor brand near shoulder. If not claimed and expanses paid, will be sold iSth March, 1868. Impounded at Sale, 22nd February, 1868, by Mr Charles Mauning. of Busby Park. Trespass Is each. Rdan horse; JS near shoulder, blaze, whito legs Light bay mare, ED near shoulder, star and stripe Grey mare, PE near shoulder Dark grey foal, no brand, progeny Black cob maro, C or G near neck, JJ overIC noar shoulder, star and stripe Bay mare, JIC oS shoulder, JK ovor PM over 18 near shoulder, blind tiear eye Black ruaro, W near shoulder, star and snip, off hind feet white Brown horse foal, no brand, star, pro geny Bay mare, C and square noar shoulder, star Chesnut mare, £>—G near shoulder, 5 near cheek, hirid feet white Dark brown mare, C or G off neck, stripe, off fore foot white Chesuut filly foal, no brand, blaze, pro geny On the 24th, by Mr John Mitchell, Clydsbank. Trespass, Is each. Bay man?, C over Q near and off shoul der, off bind foot white Bay horse foal, no brand, star, near bind foot white Light roan or bay filly, Eor F over W near shoulder, star and snip, off hind foot white Iron-gray maro, like P over P* near shoulder, saddle marked Roan horse, I near ribs, C or G off shoulder, star and snip, off hind foot white Bay cob colt, like DC near shoulder, star on forehead I^ight bay filly, Cq near shoulder, star on forehead ■■ If not claimed and expenses paid, will ' be «old 25th L'arcb, 18(33. H. M. Peahson, Poundkeaper. 