COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents] ALDINGA, January 27. The first anniversary services in connection with the opening of St. Ann's Church, Aldinga, took place on Sunday and Monday last. The services of the Sabbath day, both morning and evening, were most reverently conducted by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the Rev. E. K Miller, incumbent, the latter taking the services for the day, whilst upon the Bishop devolved the more arduous yet appropriate duty of preaching the dedication sermons; these I need hardly say were de livered in His Lordship's usual solemn, earnest manner, and were listened to with becoming attention by crowded congregations at both times.- On the Monday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, the consecrating of the church took place; the church was well filled, and the dedica tion service was most impressively gone through; after which the clergy, followed by the congregation, proceeded to the cemetery, surrounding the church, which was also conse crated. At 5 o'clock a tea meeting took place in the district schoolroom, which was well at tended, the supplies being provided by several ladies, members of the congregation, assisted by other .friends. After tea a lecture by His Lordship the Bishop followed— subject, "Maho- met and Mahometanism." A masterly exposi tion of the subject was given, and all present seemed highly pleased with the entertainment afforded them. The proceedings were some what enlivened by the choir of St. Ann's. At the close of the lecture most cordial votes of thanks - to the Bishop for his instructive and entertaining lecture, to the Chair man {Rev. E. K. Miller}, to the choir, and lastly, to the ladies who had so generously provided creature comforts for the tea, were passed with acclamation. The National Anthem closed the proceedings. I understand the amount realised at the foregoing services has been (taking into consideration the poorness of the crop in this district) the handsome sum of £20.— I hear that as our new jetty is all but completed, the District Council has in vited the Ministry, members for the district, and other gentlemen to Join in the celebration of the opening thereof, at a public dinner ; this is to take place on the 7th proximo, I believe. The favorable change in the weather lias been themeansof our farmers being able to get the greater portion of their crops reaped, and they are now busy cleaning up, -and,,.! believe, in inost cases the yield is equal to their expecta tions.— On Saturday last, the ^thiostaat, a fire broke out on the farm of Mr. ^S. loyd, Bill River, and at first it was expected that the whole of bis crop, of aliout 200 acres unreaped~ would be destroyed, but through the exertions «E Ms neighbore and others the fire was put out 'with the loss of about 30 acres. . On Monday an laquest was held on the fire, before Mr. J. /W. \- Cleeson, J.P., and a Verdict was returned that It was wilfully set on fire by some person or persons unknown. . The bottom of a pickle bottle with the remains of^omeluciferniatches, were found near the place where the fire com menced- It would have been -a serious loss to Mr. Loyd, as this is his first crop on the land, -for which lie paid- a very high price, and especially as it is one of +he finest crops 'in. the neighborhood. — A grand cricket match is to come off at Clare, on the 12th of February next; between the Aaburn Eleven and the Clare . Eleven. I understand that both parties are pracosing at every opportunity, and a sharp contested game is expected, as both parties are /very sanguine of winning. :i ; . FINN CSS POINT, Jjuhjaby 21. On Sunday, the 19th inst, the Sev. Henry 'Bath preached two excellent sermons, and col lections were made on behalf of the foreign mission of the 'Wesley an Church. On Monday -eve a public meeting was held, when the collec tion cards were, handed in, and the amounts ? : read by the Bev. EL- Bath. The annual report wasTiext read, and an impressive address made, and -listened to with great attention. The amount raised in all, was £5 6s; 9d., a good bit over last year's collection. —The reaping is most over now, ani a good deal of cleaning, and the \- farmers«ay now that the yield is not so good as expected, andwhat is rattier -drakey they don't \- , , . ? know what . to do with. To sell it is hardly possible; what iacleantheymay-get a little for, bnt not much. The late rain has been the means' of starting the grass on the land where the fixes have been. ' r . JANUARY 28. Sunday, 26th, and Monday, 27th, have been great days amongst the Wesleyans at Giles's Corner— the opening of their beautiful chapel, which stands on a piece of ground given by Mr E. Furness, at the junction of five roads, one of which is the main Clare-road. The building is gothic, and the style well carried out. Rev. W. S. Worth, of Kooringa, preached three sermons to large congregations, about 30 in the afternoon were unable to get inside at all; the rev. gentle man had hardly room to stand, so fall was the . place. . A prayer, meeting - was held after ,the evening service. A collection was made at the closeof each service, in aid of the building fund. A tea meeting was hsld on Monday in the chapel, provided by the ladies of the congre gation. About 130 partook of the good things provided, after which a ^public meeting was held, when Mr, Bartleet, of gaiter's Springs, was called to the chair. After the Chairman's address Mr. E. Forness, the treasurer, was called iipon to read the financial 'statement. Expenditure up to present time is £382 Us. 7d.', towards, which cash- to the amount of £158' 10s. 7d. had been received by the treasurer. The debt now remaining was £223 fs.2d., which amount he hoped would be greatly reduced before they went home that mght. The Eev. Mr. Richards, of Angastoh, then addressed the meeting in a -very impressive' manner on the Christian Church and Christianity, and their effects on the world. Mr. Manuel next ad diessed the people on the results that would arise from faithful preaching of the Gospel ; after which the £ev. Henry Bath -for a length of time kept the. rapt attention of the meeting on the subjects of life and love. The Eev. W. 8. Worth next addressed the . meeting, and spoke very powerfully on the duties of Christians in forwarding the cause of Christ. A collection was then made, and several promises given towards the removal of the debt, after which, thanks were proposed to the ladies for the tea by Mr. Paine, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Richards; also to Mr. Giles for the stone, Mr. Furness for his zeal, and the Chairman tor presiding. The meeting .was closed by singing the doxology, and the bene diction pronounced by the JJev. H. Bath. £28 3a. was th* amount raised on Sunday and Monday by collections and promises and pro ceeds of tea. Thus ended one of the finest meetings held in this part of the colony. GUICHEN BAY, Jaitojuiy 27. The Executive Committee of the, South Eastern District Rifle Association met the other evening, and resolved that the Seventh Annual Meeting be shortly held. The programme of last year was adopted, bat alterations made In the rules, prohibiting windgages/bead sights, &c.;, where the Enfield rifle is used. Robert Tarlton, Esq., of Adelaide, promised tbe Asso ciation, a cup while on a visit last year, which no doubt that gentleman will forward in time to be competed 'for at the forthcoming matches. : It is hoped the cup and instructions will arrive, in time to enable the Committee to make the necessary arrangements and give it publicity. — Mrs. Thompson, relict of the late llr. Thomp son, of Penola, well known and respected in the South- Bast, has leased the commodious pre mises of H. Jones, Esq., situate on a pleasant spot in Kobe Town, with the intention of opening a board and lodging establishment, the want of which has been greatly felt, and it is to be hoped she will receive every encourage ment in her undertaking.— The boiling-down establishment is at present in full work. A great number of sheep have been submitied. to the power of steam, and thousands wait 'their turn. A great many of our settlers have visited the place and speak highly of theesta ment and the business-like manner in which it is conducted under the superintendence of Mr. Eer.— Ti.6 Schooner Sarah Pile, whieh arrived from Port MacDonnell on speculation, sailed on Saturday afternoon for Melbourne with 370 bales of wooL— The new jetty is approaching completion. The walls, of the— I suppose 1 'mustdesignateitbythenameofthereceiving»8hed —are up to the level, andportionof theroof on. We should like to ascertain how Ibnejburutable in theiniddleof the shedistdbe worked, when there is a load of timber 20 or 30 feet long on the truck. Perhaps the party who drew the^plan of the shed would inform . us. A memorial was presented to the House, praying for the sum of £500 for clearing the approach to the jettv. We have as yet received no communication if the amount was granted o not. The lifeboat lies exposed t« all weather on the beach. It was said a boat-shed was to be erected at the side of the jetty, 'but we believe the Govern ment will wait till the horse goes put before they ihut the stable-door. A-duSk in the sea would do the boat no harm. It is now many months since the crew had a pull at her oars. Tie long-looked-for Omagh arrived on Friday. KAMANTOO, January 25. Last week we had some excessively wet' weather, and of so long continuance as to make tbe water in the creeks run, and to cause great anxiety on account of the wheat being exposed to the wet. Being in the midst of -reaping of course it caused great delay of time, and some feared that the wet would destroy or damage the little corn that had been spared by the take all and red-rust. The last few days have been very hot, so that in most cases the farmers will have been enabled to finish reaping and to secure the corn without damage. Though the wheat crop's have generally been Bo poor, ; we have had. some fair crops of Cape barley in the neighborhood. Some of the best having yielded over 40 bushels to the acre, whieh is, I suppose, about ten bushels under the yield of the best last year. It seems a pity that & change of crops is not more ? resorted to, as the ground seems -capable of. growing one erop when the nutriment for another is ex hausted. — The - election of a Councillor for Kanmantoo Ward in place of Mr. Unger, dis qualified by absence, took place on Saturday last, and was conducted in a very respectable manner. The meeting was . unanimously in favor of Mr. Thomas Hair, who was accordingly elected without a poll being demanded. KSS3SJSTO3S; Jaitoaby 30. OirSaturday last . another large bush-fire was burning on Mr. Jos. Eeynes's ran. After it had burnt about 'nine miles of grass it was put Out by the farmers and their men, who all left their reaping to go to the fire.. Mr. James Keynes met with an accident when going to the fire on a dray. They were going rather fast when one of the wheels went into a hole -and threw Mr. KeyneB on the fiide of the cart, breaking two of his ribs. On Sunday morning an accident occured tiear Mr. H. Isatorff 's to a young woman named Miss jgd wards, who was going to the Duck Ponds on horseback. A woman coining along the -road saw a horse walking steadily along; she caught the horse, and a little further iBaw a female lying: on the road. Having got assistance, they carried her to Mrs. Partridge's, -where she still lies. X)r. Ayliffe (who was just returningfromMriI£ey.ftes's) was called in, under whose care she remains. On enquiry I find she is not yet out of danger.- Another sccident occurred on Sunday to Mr. W. Barnes, who was riding from his brother's place, when his horse fell with him, and broke bis arm, which-wasset by: Dr. yonnida, of Mount Pleasant. — Reaping is nearly finished, and it is thought the crops will torn out better than was expected, x _ MACGIiESFIELD, ^AMicrABY 27. An inq&eflt; was held on Monday, January 27, to enquire into the origin of a fi^ wliich hap pened on Saturday, the 25th, on a section occu pied ' by Mr: sJoelFry,- -»reeahilk. - R. Daven-' -ort, Esq., J.E., acted as Coroner. A Jury of IS^were duly sworn, and TMr. S. Robinson was chosen foreman. After the Jury had been to examine the scene of the fire, the following evi dence was elicited :— William Opiewas a farmer living on the adjoining section. Saw a fire on Saturday, at corner of Mr. Fry's section, about 1 o'clock. There was no person there when he arrived. His men were with him also, and got the fire under in about half-au-hour. Had not seen any fire there for some time before. Was there, again at 4 p.m., and four or five trees were, alight., . Supposed that some boys might have lighted the fire to catch oppossums. Two or three boys came, about five minutes- after', witness arrived.'; Saw one tree which had been burnt down only a short time before. Could not tell the origin of the fire. P. C. Ryan — Did not see the fire commence on the 25th. About a week before saw five fires on Mr. Joel Fry's section. Mr. Fry said he lighted the fires to burn charcoal Served him with summons oh account of these fires oh the 24th, bnt did not see any fire at that time. He said he put them out. On Sunday morning, the 26th, examined the log which he saw on the 18th, -and it appeared to have been covered for burning charcoal. Joel Fry— On the 18th insfc. lighted fires on his section for burnhig charcoaL 'It was very, wet at this time. It was. very warm on the . 19th, but . the - fires were aU but. Did not see the fire, on the 25th until about 4 p.m., being .away from home. Edward fry, aged seven years, saw the fire about noon. Was not near the. fire. Was .minding his father's sheep. Had not been near where (he fire was. Bid not light any trees to' catch oppossvuns since the .winter. This con cluded the evidence. After the Jury had con snlted for a short time, they returned the fol lowing verdict:— 'That there was no direct evidence to show how the fire originated; but they supposed it must hare been caused by fire having remained in the log set on fire by Mr. Fry.ontheisai.'' MENESTGIE, January 28. The harvest now is over in this part, the wheat in nearly all cases being attacked with rust. A sample ©f wheat was taken from here to Strathalbyn, and shown as a fair yield. It was a very splendid sample. It has, however, leaked out to be last year's produce, and not this. — A large quantity of wildfowl is being shot by the natives both here and at Pelican Point for the Adelaide market. During intense hot days the blackfellows, when capturing ducks, teal, &c;, find it requisite to draw out tbe -inside of the birds and immediately bespatter -the part, opened also the eyes, with tobacco juice, which they make, and use in a most primitive manner. On being asked why they act thus, the reply is, 'keep irm flies off — no flies touch sow.* — Persons who. may be travelling with stock should be very careful how they travel in passing over leased runs. A gentleman lately had to return ? with several thousand sheep in consequence of getting boxed up with -others while -crossing overland, where the party had not received notice-; 20,000 sheep passed here last week en route to the Moorundee district from Victoria through East Wellington. Strange, to say I hear that many of these sheep have found their, way into Mr. Hughes's flocks, nearWylie'sdn the west of the Murray, 'and from their appearance they evidently swam, over the river.— A large fire has been burning for two days, supposed to have originated through apereon using ignitable wadding, by which about 2,000 acres of grass in the Hundred of Bonney has been destroyed — a large .portion being the commonage, also land belonging to the Hon. John Baker. After great, exertions by all the inhabitants in the district it was extinguished, but not before a person who was indefatigable in his exertions, named David Olding, was much scorched. 3MINTARO, Jajtctaby 27. A fire broke oat on Saturday afternoon last on the property of Mr. Lloyd, at the 'Hill River, which destroyed about 30 acres of wheat. There were a great number of persons on the ground in the course of a short- time, and- by running in front of the fire and pulling up some of the standing crop it was extinguished. Both men and women worked until almost exhausted. Mr. Thomas's paddock had a narrow escape. Tae origin of the fire is not known. — The fanners have had a beautiful week for reaping, and they have pushed on well ahead ; many are now finished,- but some will mot be for two or three weeks yet ; and upon the whole they are satisfied with tbe results.— Tha collecting of the statistics commences to-day, and there can be no doubt it will, in proportion to quantity reaped, be the best return almost in the colony. There is a great quantity of wheat now in Mintafo purchased, and a greatboonit has been to the farmers of this locality. There are, how ever, Beveral things urgently wanted,' viz. — A Bank, as no business can be transacted nearer 'than Auburn; it is to be hoped that some Bank may establish a branch here, which will meet with encouragement. The next necessity is a Telegraph Station, as we cannot forward a tele gram unless by going six miles and six back, viz., to Watervale, and in consequence letters are sent instead, unless it is something exceed' ingly urgent— The Police Station isneafedm pletlon, and it is to be hoped Other Government buildings will soon follow. MdRPHETT VALE, Jamttaby 27. The tine weatuer we nave lately had has enabled the farmers in this district to finish reaping, and many of them have their wheat ready for market. I am happy to say most of them have a much larger yield than they ex pected.- The finest crops were along the sea coast, and I know several who have splendid sampleB, and average from 16 to 18 bushels per acre.— A great gloom has been cast over the neighborhood by' having three deaths almost within 24 hours. The remains of Mrs. Miller, sister to Mr. John Short, were carried to their last resting-place on Friday* followed by a large number of tile inhabitants. On Sunday the infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Myles was interred, and to- day the remains of Mrs. Clarke, mother of Mr. James Clarke. The funeral was about the largest that ever took place in this district. Mrs. Clarke was a very old colonist, and universally beloved by all who had the 'pleasure of her acquaintance. Her memory will live long in the hearts of all classes, bnt particularly the poor, in whose wel fare she took great interest, her hand being ever ready to minister to their wants. Her remains werefollowed to the grave by thirty-six vehicles, and from fifty to sixty gentlemen on horseback. The Rev. James Badger, of whose church the deceased was a member, conducted the funeral service.— The Local Court held its mttings on Wednesday last. The only case .of any im portance, was that of -a Mr. Smith, a hawker, being fined £20 and costs for not being able to produce his licence when demanded.— - We are all speculating on whom theapp&intments; will fall to fill the offices of Justices of the Peace in place of the late Mr. Trimmer and of Mr. Castles, who is now gazetted Stipendiary Magis trate of the. Province. It is hoped that' the Attorney- General wfll nominate men suitable for the office, and in no way connected with our Local Court, as in a small community it would foster feelings of unpleasantness, which it ~ would be well to. avoid.— The new Baptist Church is approaching completion, and, when finished, will be a great ornament to this place. Itisintended to open it for divine worship on Good Friday. — Occasional Correspondent. 