The Gippsland Times. " EXCELSIOR." SATURDAY , MARCH 21, 1868.. WE have frequently pointed out the great injury which has been done to the gold-fields of Gippsland through the wholesale monopoly of auriferous lands under the mining leasing repulations, and we have often blamed the Government for not insisting on the terms of the covenants being fulfilled, We have no objection to the leasing system itself, but on the contrary we consider every min ing company carrying on legitimate and bona fide operations is entitled to have a lease of the ground, which it occupies. and that the security thus offered is far superior to that conferred by virtue of a miners' right. What we object to is the manner in which the law is carried out. At a time when reefs were the grand at traction of the district, many square miles of country were pegged off. and applied for under lease. It was sufficient to know that there was a probability of a rich reef running through a certain piece of ground, and some one was forthcoming; i irlitls thu;prelinimary deposit of £15. Ini many cases also eompanie atwere formned, i when thi ground occupied had nothing r butt? .position to recommend it, not; even a good surface oshenw. Butithese were superfiial oompannies, organisned froe ! tihe ilnrpoo ;of tlad[lg ;int Icripi uot foroe roll j po prospecting the claims °t hIsli thebti old.I Iti uan?.'scentistll Snecessary to their-cxiEste!ii'Oa thlithey should pay the. hnlly.3early rent} and Shaving dbne so, tlis ground "remnaiiid a- their own. In soveral instanaces,of1l'Jti , kilnd good reefs larve been. disciiverpd, in ground thius occupied, not by the lIase.d; ibut by men who were not awnrgrtlna~.tdly were trespassing upon ally other Persona a prcperty: They alw the gr'?uitn? att - tonehedVino-men-were employed on it, and leaistipegs tre so falippnrt that thery are easily passed by unaobserved ; and so they suppoased that they were prospecting on virgin soil. But afl'ter they made n valualle discovery and the news got Siiftiliittsdthittsa-trall-rruahing yielded E t [vi .tti': "oo fbur ounces t hatheo , ' the ,lessees satepped folrward anid put ia veto oni titl Tfurther operations.of the accidental \- jirospector, by ,showing their perfect -tilt to the?bti il' d grn l'h eyamrnaaly, Salth'oulighi leg?illy?'ltokiadrh'iitnge of a poor n 'in:s laubqr and ignorance of the dis, trict,'miiidl seldom .brtvo leon honorable einiuegl' to oftler-liiimovei a:smnll.share n 'TfoY his liaiti:- 'lBy this means a damp ir was east on legitimate prospecting ii, dt-i -f'tii *res o-- - I" lboerded ,t whydt?o- 'so - - 'ali dwls .n?;n - ear b of the discovery of any new at reeTs.TF '?hy yoJde miner has a marked aversion 'i'd ?ecme the jtekal for Sphemeral companies, and when hlie finds th'at hh hims iso' desrtiiily.|lhnd fi.eis :not d: laboijygiit?l';:lltho good of others who refuse to .wirk; lid learve fdr some other e district'ihe-reltlio leasing system is not , so go?torally'artj liced. Thotidsinds of acres at have thus. bgu helpid in several gold-fields bo. to. tllo. ewxclusion , of the, legitimate prospectoorro neairly two years, whilst there has not beeji two mnonths' work done oa.the.groqnd within that time. It is a singuliar circumstance, but a veritable t fact,nbvertheless, that the mining depart )f ment tolerated so glaring an evasion of s" tie law. All the Governmen t seemd Sto 'car for was money, and so long as the sle alfyearly. rent was forthcoming, no to notice was taken of any other short. t comings. Andyet the terms anr.d conditions of gold mining leases are most binding. The lessees are supposed to work their ground after the aaule manner as other I gold mining contppnies in Victoria ; they are tq keep their shafts in good order and properly protected, and to keep a cer. taiin number of men coinstantly employed. It is as absolutely peceasary that these t conditipnq salopld be observed, and asfar as the actual deveeopment of'the district is concerned, more so, thnn that the half. t yearly rent soould be paid. But with a very few exceptions these obligations have been totally disrganrded. On the majority f blocks held under lease, no sh afts have been suntk, no men have been employed, and no actual work has been done. Timhe occupiers have taken particular, delightin maintajuipgthe dog in a the. umpanger sys'tem, and have been Sencouraged in this course by the iridif. J erence of the authorities. Ong of the fir st acits ef the (O.ipplaind Mining Ioird, was to point out to the Miniiteiof'Mines the injury which defaulting leseaes had done to the district, and the lishamelil manner in which the termsu of the gold mine leasing covenants were violgted. The reply i'as that the government weas most anxious that the ground should be worked, and that if the members of the Board would furnish a list ot' defaulters, the Minister of Mines would take inule. diate action for their ejectnment. The members of the Board at thiat time politely declined to undertake the duties of informers, and snggested that the mining registrars, snureyors, or other Governmentnllicrs who were not over. burdened with lbusiness, should be re. quired to discharge a duty which must be is importlnt to the Government as it woulti be advantageous to the gold fields. The question appears to have excited a good deal of attention in other parts of the colony,and, at lost, the Iborce of pulic opinion seems to have induced the Go. vernment to adlopt the course which was previously snggesaed fronm this district. In Tuesday's Gazette " the attention of " lessees is directed to the labor covenants " of their leases, twlioh'should be strictly " complied witlh ; and it in frrtlle notified " tlhat it shall be tle duty of thi'miiiing surveyor to make a report eve.ry monlth " division, and in any ease where it is ( " slhonn lthat the lands ar'e lying waste ( " and unplrofitable the leases will be " liable to absolute forfeiture. Wlero " cause of complaint exists inforniation " shouil lie given td thle ilonorable the " Minister of Mines, who masy cause to " be enforced tile powers eontained in the I " leases." " It is important that the 3 Government sbold make a wise choice of officers for this work, and that the public should have the utmost confidence that the mining surveyors will discharge their new duties strictly and impartially. It e is, however, no snmecure which has do- tl va olved upon them. Complaints have lately accumulated in every quarter. At Swift's Creek large areas have been held unworked for years; at the Crooked River, a continual cry has been kept up of flagrant breaches of leasing coveuants ; and in the neighboulrhood of Walhalla and Donnellv's creek, the monopolising system has been extensirely brought to bear, and generally conldemned. 'We trust however, by the new regulations. in a short time, to see the proper comple ment of hands employed on every Iblock Sheld under lease, or. that where Itie con- t ditions are not fulfilled the land will Ie thrown open for selection to the hlolders of i miners' rilhts as if surht land had not been previously occupied. This alteration will be prodeluctire of general coolnd, and rmany clnims will e t profitably worked which hIae been, for a long period. suffered to lie idle to the I detriment of the district. O The next general sessions is gazctted to be I holden at Sale on Monday 10th August. Is The Murray will be due at Clydelbank to-. d morrow. There were no cases set down for hearing at the Sale Police Court yesterday. The contract of Mr George Davis for the supply of forage for the Government service at Rosedale has been accepted. The return match between the Sale and Excelsior cricket clubs will be continued on the Sale ground this morning. We would remind those interested that a meeting of the committee of the Sale Turf Club will be held at the Club Hotel on Monday afternoon, at three o'clock, for the purpose of preparing the handicaps for the ensuing anual races. A tea meeting will be held at Denison, Kings Plains, on the 7th April to celebrate the opening of the Common School at that place. The friends of the children and others interested in the advancement of education in the district are invited to attend. The settling up of the Toongabbi races which took place the other day was very satisfactory. The receipts amounted to £81 11s. which was expended in prizes and in discharging certain necessary expenses with the exception of £4 1s. 6d. which remains in the hands of the stewards. The annual pic-nic of the Foster street school children, was held in the Government paddock on Thursday. Abundance of good things were provided, including tea, cakes, lollies, and ,other confectionery, with an ample supply of fruit. After the sub. stantial part of the entertainment had been disposed of, music was introduced, and dancing with. various innocent games was kept up until 6 o'clock, when the party separated highly pleased with the day's amusements. A most important sale of blood stock will take place at the yards of Messrs Pearson, English, and Peck on Monday the 6th April, when Mr William Pearson will dispose ift about a dozen thoroughbred colts and fillies The descriptions of the horses, with their full pedigree, will be found in another column. The weather yesterday was insufferably warm, and the wind which prevailed carrying along with it dense clouds of dust, rendered all out door occupations extremely disagree able. Several bushfires were raging in dif ferent directions during the day, one in particular was disernable on the Kilmnany Park run. Towards evening the clouds assumed an omninous appearance, giving every indication of rain. A young man named Kennedy, residing off the Port Albert Road, met with a rather singular and very serious accident yesterday morning. He was fastening th leg-rope on a cow preparatory to milking her, when the brute lashed out, kicking him in the face and fracturing, his lower jaw-bone. A frightful accident happened yesterday morning to Mr Robert Alexander, of Sale It appears that he was attending to a thrash ing machine at Clydebank, when his hand was caught in the cogwheel and his arm drawn into the machine and horribly muti- lated. Alexander was removed to the Hospital with all possible speed, when a consultation was held by Drs. Forbes, Mac donald, Hedley, and Arbuckle, and it was decided to amputate the arm near the shoulder at once. This operation was per formed by Dr. Forbes, but the patient, who was in a very weak condition, gradually sank, and he expired about five o'clock yes terday evening. An inquest will be held upon the body this morning. A handsome testimonial. consisting of a silver salver and two wine jugs, was pre sented a few days ago to Edgar Slade, Esq., late Superintendent of Police in this district, by his friends in Gippsland. The tes timonial was accompanied by an address conveying the kind wishes of the subscribers for Mr Slade and his wife, and trusting that, when the cups were afterwards filled with the generous wine of the Taout vineyard, he would think kindly of the friends he left in this district. Snakes at the present juncture are so very numerous that those having occasion to travel in the bush, or indeed, anywhere but 'the principal thoroughfares of the town, cannot be too wary. A short time since, Dr Macdonald was enjoying a day's shooting in the vicinity of the Glencoe Station, accom panied by Mr. Robert Fitchet, a stockman in the employ of Mr. John Campbell, when they succeeded in despatching three snakes within as many hours, Two of these rep tiles were truly monsters, measuring seven feet, and seven feet six inches respectively. At the expiration of one month. a lease of ground for mining purposes will be granted to M. O'Keefe for the No. 2 Soutth New Chum Goldmining Company, 13sa 2r 2p, at Dry fe Creek, for a period of 15 years. The following mining leases and water-. right licenses are declared void:-Glippnland Di trict, Jericho Division ; V, Storey; 15a 2r 26p; Carabaldi Reef. R. M'Ghee; 3a 3r 4p ;Thacksry : the Charleston Goldmining i Comppny; 7a Or 31p; Charleston Spur. B.B.S Creel ;watarrighlt license; J. Store; ia b 5r 28p; GOaribaldi Creek. Omeo Division.-B. l Johnsonandothers;I3a lr38p;CharlotteReef, a Swift's Crcek. J. Day and others ; 7a3r lup Green Ilille, Swift'a Creek. Stringer'a Creek Division--J. Coucher' and. anther ;a 2r Fe 38p; Longfellow's, Stringer's nrek. pli At the Stockyard Creek, on the Crooked river road for a long time stood two houses of refreshment which, during the exciting days of Grant, did a thriving business. As the reefing mania, however, subsided in that direction, trade fell off, and the roadside traffic was at last barely sufficient to sup- port one establishment. A spirit of rival then sprung up between the landlords of the, respective caravansaries. This rivalry followed by frequent petty acts of annoyance and injury to property ; such as throwing down slip-pannels, letting loose horses, and other delinquincies too numerous to mention One dark night, George Taylor, the name one of the parties, had his corn stacks burned to the ground ; and he not only swore an in- formation against Bustorfl', his opponent, but gave evidence in court that he saw Bustorff betieen two of the stacks striking a match and as soon as the flame was well kindled, that he saw him run away. Further evi- dence,, however, went to show that Taylor himself deliberately set fire to his own stacks with the intention of fixing the crime upon Bustorff. Taylor, in consequence, changed places with, Bustorff, and, having stood his trial, was sentenced to three years for wilful and corrupt perjury. Mrs Taylor and the rest of the family still keep the premises, open, and it is not to be supposed that the conviction of one of the principals has lessened the feud. On Tuesday night Mr Bustorff happened to be from home and Mrs. Burs- torff and the children retired early to bed About three o'clock the following morning she heard a loud report and on going outside found that a consilerable portion of the bark on the verandah had been burned and scattered about as if torn by some violent explosion. Her suspicions that an attempt had been made to blow up the house were confirmed by the quantities of half-burned paper which were strewed about the veran- dah. Of course, Mr. Bustorff, immediately on his return, concluded that the Taylor family had been experimenting after the Clerkenwell fashion, and he at once pro- ceeded to the nearest police station and swore an information that his suspicions were directed to that quarter. Let the per- petrators of the cowardly offence be who they may, there can be no doubt that an attempt was made to burn Bustoriff's pre- mises, when he was from home and his family in bed, and as the matter is now in the hands of the police it is to be hoped they will shortly succeed in bringing the real culprit to justice. I It is announced that an exhibition of anew a, mechanical power will shortly take place t In Ballarat, when engineering authorities will b. lie invited to w;tness its extraordinary ctps. In city, not only as a motor, but ala. in making it the sea give up its sunken treasures. The as matter is thus referred to by the Star: ;y --'The discoverer is now on a visit to as Dllarat to avail himself of the services ola will.known local mechanic. who is engagel ll in making. the various moelts requisite for n, securing the patent for Votoria, anl de. I, veloping its properties in connection with rf marine architecture. Acencies have already a: been arranged for England and America. It Ir is assumed that one result of this now die. or covery will be to raise part of the immersed portion of any vessel, any irequired height ost y of the water, at a momeit, by a stagle stroke tg of a hammer, thereby enabling deeply-ladei el vessels to go over the shallow bars of either e. rivers or harblours (tihe Gippeland Lakes for f. instance) with f.tcility. Our inforomant sl. in sumos that the days of ocean .steaming are ly numbered, and that car),t will in future o sutpply the place of coal, while the ncr g chemical agent will not cost m?otfiith the price of the latter. In all the previous g adaptations of chemistry to supply the place r of steam, the explosive force has always been its greatest drawback and danger. In this the latest development of chemistry the o explosive force is suppressed, and 'replaced d by an expansive force having the same effect as steam on the piston of an ordinary engine one of the latter having been slerted for the e proposed exhibition." I A corresrondent of the Argue throws ola d the following suggestion :-" Upon tbh n recovery of the Prince it is the intention of i. the people of New South Wales to givers a great and loyal demonstration to exprew . their joy on the occasion. I would suggse that the whole of the colonies should follow suit, and that high hbelidayshould be held is each province on a day to be namsd. wto all Australia should ring with joy to testify to the world their loyalty and great gratis e" tion at the final recovery of Prince Alfred from the dastardly outrage recently perpe" trated upon him." The Herald believes that his Excellency the Governor has not yet replied to Mr Fsl lowa' letter. The. probability is that Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutton will not consent to a dissolution until after he has seen whether any of the members who usually sit upon the cross benches are able to form sa Administration, and procure supplies with. out necessitating the adoption of this alter native. 