>._ tcosa. .lud Pihihtirt "ýij "p" A ?l.)lsrtei ConlTionrrs,. P?actuasE -Inou~iad vertiajnt. columnnauappears a notice inserted by 1'i SMltoh'ael BSeeil?y,a.free selector, who desires-tnus to. n'ot'fi his objection to the. ominntion of Mr Rut ledge, a gentleman lanrgely connected with pastoral pursuits, to act in the capacity of umpire in a mat ter of dispute between Mr Cunningham, of Lanyon, and Mr Sheedy, in reference to a certain conditional purchase taken up by the latter on the rue of the former gentleman. So far as we can gather the his tory and facts of the case Et andl thus: Sheedy was a short time ago living on a free selertion near Tagra noung Plain. Hlaving sold his conditicnal .purchase to'Mr Cunningham, who wanted it for a'.icheep 'sta tion..- Sheedy, having, an eye to bnusiness, in .this :transaction, goes straightway and takes up a fresh selection on a run of Mr Cunninghani's at the lurra iand kriown as the Mbnnaro station. On this selection 'were certain improvemezits, comprieing a huti said to .have been standing upwairds of twenty years; and: a bough slieep'yard. Ir' virtue of tiese Mr Cunning hbmn claims a'fight to purlihase as in such cases is provided for by the ict; and to ,Phow the validity of his cla'm estimates the value of his imlurovvments ati .sixty-two pounds, the extent ot thte conditional pur-' chai se leing sixty acres. Towrards' tihe total value there is set down'the sum of thirty pounds for the sheep' yard, it :being calculated to have taken six huIndred trees in its' construction at a cost of one .shilling each. The balance is the estimated value of the remainder of the improvements., To this valun ?oiu 'Sheedy objbcie, is heIng'e:icessive, and the case' is'refeired to the minister for. lands, who diiected the settlement of the dispute by arbitration.. For this purpose Mr Cunningham, selected as his arbil trator, .Mr Hutchison, a free selector near Tugranong; andd Mr Sheedy chose Mr Matdeslon, of the firm 'of Mandelson and Joseph, of Nans Valley, a squatlcr, as anibitrator on his behalf. '.The anbitrators being unable to' agree, it becaime necessary to choose an umpire, and here occurs a dead lock. ' Mr Cunning-, 'ham, while expressing his 'willingness to' abide by; the decision of Mr ilutledge, Mr 11yrie, ora 31r De Sails, as.umpire in the case, objects to sevcruil of the' leading townsmen, including Mr Byrne of .Voden, .whose names have been suggested by tile other side. Sheedy'is quite willing that Mr DI Salis should act in tilhe capacity'of umpire, but his arbitrator. objects to that gentlemhn; nnalboth stronglylotject to either Mr Rutledge or Mr, Ryri' sitting as umpilre in tihe case. Here t ateretbittar at pri'set'rests, andS,what the issue will:be tiue alouu-wil'tell. A Gon CoLoN?sT.--Il our isuti(:es.of births, mar ringes, and deaths, lat.3tweelk,was,tvie announcement of the birth of a diughi?er to Mr'Pllitomus Southiwell, of Parkwoo'l.-, it r Southweil's fursil.t.noit" tiumbhers eighteen childrcei living. besides!ii orm twb deceased. Seven of thenm are married, and itlrady iMrt South vell's grandchildren naumlerltwi l?.nty livinig,; besides one at least dead--through an. :ruidi*'nt by fire, as lately recorded in tfhee eilumn s. Mir Soutliwell .emigrated to Austrialiu from Kent or Sussex. abcut five-and-twenty years ago, ai;d engaged in tile ser vice of tile late Ilenry ,Pl kliuson, pf Giuiuderra creek, on the very estuite which lie now owns, and which owes its extensive improvements to the skill and perseverance which hlits chulructerised his life. As an instance of the reverses of fortune which are so frequently experie?ced in. this country-without reference to tile causes-we anny imention that while Parkinson, who was once well off, died in poverty in a gunyah adjoining Mir Southweli's estate, and de •rendcnt on his neighbours for the last oflecs of cha rity to the dying and the dead, he wiho was once his servant, rose by means of a lith of industry, sobriety, auld Integrity, to a position of wealth and honour, and has the lappiness of seeing'na ntmbrous of oil' spring treaditng so far in the stells of their father, and fst becoming industrious 'and excnplluiy heads of families themselves. SALLEOF 10'oWN PoPEIaTt.-TThe allotmenlt 'leXt to fByrnes' lHotel, submitted to auction by Mr. O'Neill, on Tuesday, was purchased by Mr Tlhmus Wilson, ,for the sum of £Lil9. MisoELLA5NEOUs -Lnmbing hls0 contunmestceld in this district,wih highly favourable prospects.-iBushfires are already occurring in several localities arounid us. -Som-e ;i1e .cod hare been lately caught irn the Murrumbidgee, by a sihepherd of Mr linal's; fish are also liiting in the Quecanbeyan below Canberra. The new line of road to Goulburn, recommended by Mr De Solis for the use of the Quenanboyan and.Mo naro districts, is being surveyed by tluhe. government Ssurveyors. The prienipal re'omineud'.tions of-: this' route arcethe avoidance of the Quean,eyan hill inid' the shartening of the distance by eleven miles-The' ,forleiture of forty acres of conditional plrichiaso.by' William Klly, junior, Qucanieyun,. is gaizetted:..-. Solne very warm weatiher has been experieuced here this seek,' wsih hot..drying, winds, unitavourable to vegetatlion.. Yesterdaiy au. luavurablu chaunge tookt Iplace, light showers flying about, with.indicatlioits of more raiii coming.-Some rich specimiens otf"'gold quartz from tihe Qucaubeyan river lihtve been shown in town, but the plice tt its discovery is at present 'ua secret.-The sinking on Limestone Plains, near 'the windmill, is. still beiicg proiecucted, and opera tions at the Duintroon'cr itsling machilie still suspen 'ded.---Th worlis iat thie 'Pritrose Valley silvermine are steadily progresslin: tile samples of ore now ihting raised speak well for the character of the un dertaking . OW'elus'BltmcN, Estely acttmig postml isterat 'Ono:''rreo :Hill, w?vas brtight lt: bhy senior sergeaultntVaters 'it tli e Bathurst police office, on the 5tlh insta'nt;: clhii"ied with steial nti it one pound- ote from a lhtter posted at the Onie TI'eie Hill post-oilihe. "Tlie prisoneri ieas :appi.re?hinded by': y r' \Vitter? stt thei Busimo li'sV •Hotel, Benttii'ick-stidot, by virtue of i' warriant tisued by t;ie tindich of: rnit'g:strates at luitlb,. i'rhiere r secvri'al.hciniges against the prisolzd, an:bd on thu itpplicition of othe sergeant hei was renmiided to Hairtldy to be deult witli. M lr Tiit won atthtRithdwick £1280. The groas "amotiht piaid in prizes amounts td £1023. ; The ship itillemanmhtls arrived fritm Gibralter Wvith with a detachinoni of the Ryval Artillery to relie've the Battery:stationed here. Amongst her cargo are 6(iO0 boxes of thlie new;Imperid bronze co:n. SIllollways Ointment is a sovereign remedyffor the removal of inlmples, boils, blotches. clhaps,' rashes, aid other bleinishes of the skin. Wairm Inimenta tions should precede its application. A persistendv in its use will overcome the most stubborn'symptin;s of scrofula. Its operation is both thorough andi' in variahle. ' ' ' '.' SDr Cairr, tlie.celebrated mesmerist, has been' i rested oad achiarge of.conmmitting ita lelonious assiult onra married'woman named Eliza Gray. The d?< tor, having made hier acquaintance, invited the pro-. secutrrx to.his private.rootis to " feel her bumps."' In her evidecice at the Central Police Courton Mioit day, sIe staitd:-lHei askled me to.come into the in ner ranrnarid Ihewetuld'rend'mv bUnips. He ivwent oute of the roomanand Ilsat therefor 'botut 20 minutes wlien I felt gildy antlrose to go away. I met jhiti at the door. I wenthback andt sat duwn, becdininug insensible. The fnext thing I rememnber was fir~iihg myself lying on thius sofaR D)r Carr wnss replacing his belt. I charged himn with having taken' advan .tnge of mne. le then said " h'man nature was wenk." I:told him, 1 was ashanmedl to he seen leav-; ing.the bumlding aft.r what had occurred." Witness' continued to detail evidence unfit for publication. She be'Iatie ill, had medical advice, ani. Dr Carr pronr.iskie'to reconipedce' her: lie gave her a cheque for 30s.., aid said she should never wuet while he' had a pound. On a subsequent occasion 'Dr Cn'arr canie to her house when her ihusband wais away, and wanted to.stay all night, but she. refusad to allow him to:do so. Th'e .case was adjourned till Wed nesdav·~. I.: , : ' 