THE HERMIT OF WVINGEOARRIBEE: Oil, NEW SOUTH WALES ; AS IT WAS, IS NOW, AND MAY BECOME IY GOOD 00 VEENMENT. No. 5. " T?E word, ' fire,' when used to denote the mastery of this fearful element over man's efforts to subdue it, has made the strongest hearts quake. Who, that has lived in the crowded city, and heard the clang of the liroebell, and thought of aged and helpless inhabitants as they were seen flying from the burning pile, or behold a shrieking mother in her last efforts to find and extricate a doomed one from the burn ing edifice, without feeling that fire-al though a good servant-is an inexorable master. 1Perhaps there is no circumstance in which man can be placed, where fire is beyond his control, that is more awful than on board of ship; but for sublimity and grandeur-if those terms can be used-I have fancied that no spec. tacle approaches in awful mnagnifi cenes a bush-fire in Australia. I have read of the devastation of fearful fires in the prairies of America; but thel fire to which I refer ihas never been equalled in the colony, and it is to be hoped never will be. But I am degressing, and must return to the alarm which George gave us. 'There could be no doubt as to the general panic which our guide had occasioned by the alarm; scarcely a word was said during the time of our preparations for starting and more than usual care was manifested with regard to the conveyance, which car ried our provisions. When we were ready for the start, and looking around to dis. cover the direction of the fire, I almost suspected the native to be in fault, and was about to communicate my feelings on this point, when a lurid appearance to the north.west induced me to ask George if that was the sign of fire which had so alarmed him. 'Yes,' he said, 'but look you over those trees to the west, in that direcotion it is nearer to us than you ima gine; but we will try to head it, although in doing o our journey will be longer than I intended, so this way if you please, and striking into the country in a south.eas. terly direction we moved along for some time. Our road lay along the spur of a thickly wooded mountaiu, and for at least a mile and a half every appearance of lire was concealed from our view; now and then the gentle breeoozo seemed to bring with it indications which I now know to be the dire harbingers of bush fires; but at the time I'speak of I could not account for the singular change in the atmosphere. But the keen sight and scent of George was not at fault, As I have said, the coun. try on our right was hid from our view'; whilst to the left, and in front, it seemed open, antd had a fine hill and dale appear ance with no sign of fire, except those I have just mentioned. At length wr were about to clear the skirts of the forest, and as we did so such a scone mot our view that I shall never forget. For miles before us lay a tract of country unsurpassed by any I had over soon, strongly reminding one of the highly cultivated woodlands of old England, but on a giant scale. In the dis tance, and amongst the wooded hills that hemmed in the natural downs,tlhe destroy. ing element had gained a fearful mastery, and seemed to travel with great rapidity, threatening to enoirolo us, at sight of which more than one asked our guide, what was to be done P ' We must change our direc. tion,' lie said, ' and if the wind keeps as it is all may go well yet. Now to the (Narro.balla) Twin Mountains, towering high amongst their follows, but far in the distance and lying south-eaost of where we wers then ; two or throoe miles in this di. rection brought us to a small but beautifill water course, which traversed a meadow of not more than from ten to lfteen asores, and hleroGeorgoproposed to camp until satillied the course the fire would take, but he said there was something to be done for our so. curity before we mado aeny arrangement for camping; and in order to carry out his intentions, one half of tlh party took charge of the liorses, &c.;, 'nd the others followed George in order to assist in what he pro posed doing. The fact is, in order to makeo our camp secure, he proposed burning some few aeres of the meadow, Green boughs were cuit and the meadow fired on both sides of the roeok, and with the utmost earo, and no small amount of exertion, we suieedted in burning the grass offl' five or six acres--the crock being nearly in the centre, and upon the nowly.burned ground, we took up our campuing plaeoo or the night. By the time e we had settled the horses for the night, and cooked and cuat our evening meal, we were ready enough to creep under our teluporary covering to snatch an hour or two's sleep, and as I was drawing the blanket over my head I thought of our guide, of our position, and wondered how it could be that the fire, ap parently nuw so little to be dreaded, could have caused so much alarm and anxiety in one who must hbave beenl fiuailiar with such sights. Although I felt tired, yet I found that sleep was out of the question. Two or three times I began to dose off, but ever and anon the spectre fire was lpresent in some form or other. At last I resolved to have a look in the direction of' the fire.lit mountains, and the first object that met my view was the native. There lihe stood motionless as a statue, but with a look of intensity indicative of severe mental anxiety. I was up and by his side before he seemed to notice mly presence, and when he had done so lie pointed in the direction of the fire and said, ' The wind is not only changing but is getting up--do you hear him now ;' and as lie spoke a low hollow sound reached my car, andl the breeze seemed to freshen. ' WYe will start again,' le said, 'but let there be no confuision ; you wake the people up, and by the time the horses and all are ready we will know the direction to be taken much better than we do at present.' Fatigued as our people were, it required but little effort to wake the tired sleepers, who, when they as certained our position, were but to asxious to fall in with George's suggestions for the safety of each and all of the party. We had secured our horses some distance beyond the burnt plot of ground, that they might have something to eat; the cart, provisions, bedding, &c.;, &c.;, weore close by the creek, and in about the centre of the ground we had fired. Our men had just reached the horses and got them secured when a fresh cause of alarm occurred. In firing the piece of ground upon which we camped, there were a few rotten logs lying just where we had beat the fire out-a pre. caution we had to observe in order to ,ro. vent its spreading more thian we thought necessary tor our night's security. It must have been that one of these had again taken fire, although till within a few seconds there seemed not the slightest indication of such being the case; but the risilg breeze had brought to life the smouldering fire which was now being funned into a blaze. A ms. meot or two more, and it was plain the fire would take is southerly direction. The wind was now evidently increasing; thl thill-tops were being covered with a lurid flame; the awful and ominous sound of the forest fire was now plainly poereeptble by every one of us; whilst, with the rapidity of light. ling, the high but withered grass, which was ignited near us, added greatly to our dangerous position. Short was the time which elapsed before every one was in his saddle, and as we wore about to start one man was missing, and that masn the driver of our provisionl cart. A rapid search fol. lowed this discovery, but neither horse nor man was to be found. Gathering clouds, with heavy gusts of wind, augured the allp. proaclh of a comning storm, added to which the now fearful sounds of the burning forest, with fusillade.like sound of the burn. ing grass and underwood of the newly.fired lowlands around us, was enough to strike terror into every breast. Delay, under such circumstances, was next to madness ; and to remain was death, whilst removal without either food or the chief necessaries that we had brought with us, was, to say the least, a painful trial ; but there was no help for it, so we took our guide's advice, and struck out in the direction in which our horses had been browsing during the time we wve in camp. Scarcely had irwe commenced our flight, before it became evident weo wore not the only living beings disturbed by this now fearful fire ; for by the light of the lurid flames now lighiting up the wildorness, I thought that lifo Iad been imparted to almost eoverything around. The lowing of the wild and affrighted cattle as they bounded past us, gave proof of the number whihe had found shelter beyond the ken of their owners, whilst from tile katnga roo to the smallest quadriped were seen frantic with fear, and in such numbers as to warrant the belief that an immense tract of country was under the control of this fear. ful fire. The whole scene had now become awfully sublimoe-a sea of fire, terrific be. yond description, seemed almost to encirele our party, who, in its light on that drenadful night, presonted such a pio turo to miy mind as will never be eflieood so long as memory lasts. One figure alone seemed unmoved by fear, and that twas George; in him 's had still hope that if there was a way of escapo le would find it out, for in'no other earthly way could do. livoranoe be expected. Ourjourneying had now become rapid, but it seemed a vain oeflbrt on our part to try to escape the surg ing billows of fire as they sped on withl a rapidity wlich seemed to defy escape-it Oaplearod as if the destroying angel was clearing creation of every living thing ; it was a fearful scone, and with our little party it might truly be said it was a race for lioe, Fire was now on every side of us, only one dark spot in front seemed yet clear, but even that might be barred against us, if we succeeded iin reaching it ; for it could not be less than five miles distant, and the speed at which we rode and the dense and sulflbocating air might soon lay prostrato both horse and rider but on rwe Flew amid the din of the flory tempest. As so nsearedl the opening yet unvisited by the destroyer, it seemed to bar otr on. tranee, for as we reacheld it, to our aiston ishment anld dlismay, it proved to be a belt of brushl laud ilmoset imeessiblo to man, and as a walled onclosure to horses. ' What's to be done,' was uttered by more tshan one voice. 'Unsaddle-lot go your horses aid follow me,' was the quick but enorgetio eomnmand of our guide. A moment or two more aid thle horses wmro loose, and we weoro in the jungle. A enUd doen glare of firo in front struekl firesh terror into some of our party, and as we lhad to crawl through the underwood as best we could, it was not long before vwe discovored a division of our men had takenlo place. At length we miade an opening, and foundl that only fbur of us wore together, Mr. B,, his noplow, Geo'rg, and myself To raise our voices by way of brinining our puty to. gather was ilpossiblo, as tlse rising flire around uis madle it dilllult to hoeir oelch other spaeok. Heore we wero, tired and ox Islusted, fire envololpedl, withl an opening in front, dark as the vallcy of dloethl. A fallen tree bohlind made a slight oponing in the thlicltet, thlrouglh whiv l a small mnob of frenzied oattle made their way, and it my eagerness to escape this fr'esh ldanger I in. utliously steppiled aside, misseld my footing td Ilfll-.whereo, I couldl not tell s the shocak wss miore tlhan my exhausted frlamo coutld bear, lourss elapsed before I re. gailned miy sensibility, auud wihen I had done so I shiidIlresd it mny narrow esoapo. The sltun was tsup-th fllre hiid sl)out its strength -tcorgeo wsit by my sitlo-bust whore were (__ _ , ie C'oatitt i. - - - 