ToE8DAT-DECvonnR 8.. before the polioe'magistrato and Moesrs. W. E. Dignam and J. J. Waddell. An auctioneer's district licoense was granted to F. Mo Carty of Marulan. James Mollenry was brought up charged with being of unsound mind. lMr. Bletts appeared for Mir. to Dermott in this Constable Hlawkina stated that on Sunday evening the defendant was given into his charge by Mr. Me Dermott as a person unfit to be at large; when I asked him his name he refused to give it; he Is known as Cranky Jimmie; he said he would tell his name in court, and Mr. heDermott should know it, and he would make him suffer for It. Mr. Me Dermott statedi I have known defendant for some time' he Is in the habit of saylng that he has millions of money coming from homel I believe he has often threatened a man named Lawler be has written to the Governor about money sent from England, anc he sail he had got an answer; he is in the habit of raving and talking to himself; one of my men heard him say he would knock people's brains out l he said he was going to bring an action against me for defamation of character; I believe be Is not a fit person to be at large; some of the men have complained to me about it being unsafe to work with him. . ? ,. , . John tuoller stated t I have known defendant for three years; he is a wild and eccentrio character I one day I saw him much excited and fencing at: a tree and sneering at It; I heard him say that If ever be got hold of Pat. Lawlor he would murder him; he is in the habit of taking a stick to bed with him; I beliere him to be of unsound mind; I t would not be safe to sletp In the same room; I have heard him use threats towards other people, but don't remember their names. Defendant was sent to the Jail hospital for fourtoen days. Pnaarrantas,--The levr. Adam Thomson will reach In the Scots Kirk on Sunday neat and the undsy following, in the absence of the Rev.' WV. lions, who has gone to Melbourne for the benefit of his health. On Sunday last prayers were offered in St. Saviour's Cathedral for the speedy recovery of this much.reopected gentleman. Rsolastox or rlas Jvar.ttsr,-Yesteda"., before the polioeemagistrate and Alesrs. J. W. Chisholm, lluthwaite,'D Lauret, Finlay, W. E. Dignam 'odmore, and J.J. Waddell, the annual revision oe the ury.list took place. There were no Important alterations made. .. laicaaAtcs' INstarTvr.-This evening a musloal and literary entertainment will be given in the hall of the Institute by lady and gentlemen amateurs, the proo?eds to be devoted to procuring books for the library, The programme, ,which will be found in another column,ia full and varied, comprising songs, glees recltations, and readings. From the known abilities of those who are to take part in the enter. tainment, we maro reasonably antinpate a very enjoyable evenings' entertainment. The chair will be taken by the oer, W. Sowerby. , lt, esr.asas.-SHeveral bush.fires were observable yesterday on the ranges surrounding the city, and groat clouds of smoke were to be soon In the diroc. tion of Tirranna. The strong winds that have been blowlng for the last three days have spread the des. troying element In various directions, and much grass and timber have been destroyed. A heavy fall of rain Is much wanted at the present time, both to estinguish the fires and to cause a fresh supply of graoss to spring up; but at present there is no pros. poet of such a boon being bostowed upon us. Catearv,-On Mlonday evening a meeting wee held at P'ayten's hotel for the purpose of establishing a cricket'olub In (loulburn. ' There was a very good attendance, and on the whole a most enthusiastio IemooliIe I and thro la a prospect of tioulburn possoess ieg a club that will be a credit to the ouathlct dis. ' r' ' tg:?~ triets. On the motion of Mr. W. Teeoe, seconded by Mlr. O. (illohple, EMr, I, It Belcher was called to the chair. Mr. A. lBetts,oneof the acting eacretalris,atated that at the last meeting a committee was appointed to (,req rates for the guidance of the members of the club. This committee had met and tried to procure a copy of the Alb:rt club rules, but did not succeed in letting them in time for that meeting. The chair. man intimated that he would give a silver medal to the highest scorer in fire matches durlong the year and a cricket.bhll to the best bowler. The chairl man then read a list of the names of those who had Joine4 the club, amounting to about forty, and we believe others hire slgnified their intention of unit lag themselves with the club. The ruler, as presented by the prorllional committee, were then gone through erriaeis, and passed with some slight amendments aend alterations. Some considerable dis. cnssion arose upon the rule setting forth the name of the club; but eventually it was decided to retain the name first proposed, namely, the Southern Cricket Club. A resolution was moved by MIr. Betts to the effect that the committee be granted power to pre. pare rules for the general management of the club which shall be binding upon all members. This motion was carried after some discussion. It was then decided that the annuel subscription should be i0s. 01., the payment of which would: onstitute membership. Mr. YV. Teece said he had a gentleman to propose as the president of their club who would be a credit to it-YWilliam Davis, Esq., of Ollinderra. Mr. Davis was one of the best supporters of the noble game of cricket in the southern district, and he (DIr. Teece) was sure that Mr, Daarl would be happy to aet as president. The proposition was seconded by Mr, . Gillespie, and carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr,. W. Trenery, seconded by Mr. Payten, lesars., 1V. Cunolli and R. II. Belcher were elected vice.presldents. )lr. A. Iletts was elected secretary, and Mr. L..Waugh treasurer, without opposition. The following are the committee, elected by ballot --Messrs. Allworth, 0\. (illespie, II. Payten, W,. Teeons. I. T. Iltley, W. Trenery, E. Twynam, L. A. Windeyer, aund 0. Walsh. Some onversation took place with reference to the titue of practice, during which a strong erprcssion of opinion was given with reference to the Saturdsy half.holiday movement. It was stated that in Sydney nearly the whole of the stores, both retail an wholesale; were closed on Saturday after. noons; and that if the same course was adopted in Goulburn, the storekeepers would not lose anything by it. It Is intended to play the return snatch be. tween the married and single on Saturday next, to commence at two o'clock, The secretary was in. structed to write to the Civil and Military Club and arrange a match to be played in Sydney on Doxing. day. The meeting then separated. VoLUvNrc Conrs.--A gentleman interested in the voluntoer movement, who has just returnel from Sydney, Informs us that he wailted on Colonel Richardson, and had some conversatlon with. that outloor abshout the drlll.instructor and other matters; and he Impressed upon Colonel Richardson that it was not'from a mercenary motive that the (oulburn volunteers .desired government aid. lie stated in support of his argument, that when the mounted. corps in Sydney, composed entirely of gentlemen, could not koop together in consequence of not being supported by government, it was altogether Im possible for a country corps to do so. At present there are no drill-instructors at liberty, as they are engaged at present in drilling the volunteers at Kiama and lBathurst but Colonel Richardson promised that one should be sent to Goulburn as soon as practicable, which we understand will be somewhere in the beginning of January. Ctavncn or ENoL.Arn.;-Tho Lord Bishop of Goul. burn, accompanied by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Adolaide, returned to town on Soturdar afternoon from Sydney. The Bishop of 'Adelaide preached morning and evening on Sunday In St. Saviour's Cathedral. Sruxono ACCIDENT.-A correspondent at Gun. clog writes-On Thursday last a young lady, a passenger by the down .mail,, while Indulg: ng in a yawn dislocated her jaw, and was, on her arrival in Gunning, in a state of considerable alarm lost she should be unable to close her mouth again. Dr. Ifornbrook having been sent for, however, speedily removed the cause of tronble by reduclng the dislocation . GovUnvar LITERAIR SoCsTrY.-The members of this society met on Monday eveninog last; the president (Mr.. WV. Gale) In' the chair., It was moved and carried unanimously that the thanks of this meeting be accorded to Mr. Wm. Trenery for the present from him of aix vols. of the Statlstical Regis. ter of New South Wales. In the unavoidable absence of Mr. Chambers, the debate-Is England Rlsloing as a Nation --was opened by Mr. Macnamaro. lie thought the question was one on which there could be but very little difference of opinion; yet it was a subject which would tend to Induce members to read historical works. A nation must be either progressive or retrogressive. The Reform Bill which admitted to the franchise great numbers who were hitherto debarred from exercising a voice in'the government, the speedy steps to. wards the disestablishment of the Irish church, and the advancement of the nation In educat(onal matters, all went to show that England had not yet reached the summit of her greatness. ' The question, which was spoken to by Messrs. Ryan, Carrol, hlunt, Nichols, Pursehouse, and. Brown, was put and carried unanimously in the affirmative. The businoe for next Monday evening is readings and recitations by Messrs. Carrol, Pursehouse, . Conner, Brown, oees . Cr.aTe, Gale (A. art. and (Gas :ol.. SaurtL, llnoarL.r,-The Meroo correspondent of the Western Poet writest--The mysterious disap. pearance of this gentleman, some twelve months since, from the neighbourhood of Pyramul, will doubtless still be l' the recollection of most of your readers. Time after time, until a very late period, all possible search had been made, both by the police and by private individuals, singly and collectivrly and the darkest surmises relative to his fate had gained possession of the publio mind.' Those have been at length happily removed by the die.. covery, on Tuesday, let December,, of his remains under the following circumstances. AA digger came in hot haste to lr. Stharpe's, at Lower Pyramul, and satd that he had found some human remains, which he believed to be those of the Rev, Samuel Ilromley. 'It appears that early that morning a shepherd of tMr, Chapman's was out searching for some missing ewes, when, In a small blind gully, leading to the Pyramul Creek, and opposite to Sailor's Point he observed, lying exposed, a human skull; he picked it up, and surmislng that~ there would, in all probability, be other, bones In the vicinity, commenced an active searohe and at about forty feet from the spot discovered the remaining portions of a human skeleton be then went to one Evens, a digger in Nuggety Gully, and informed him of the circumstances the latter, proceeded to Mr. Sharpe's, who immediately rode to largraves and Informed the police. oir. T.C I. Price, who happened to be staying at Mr, jharpe's went, an. companied by Mire. Sharps, to wherethe remains lay. It was a sad and sickening spectacle I a beep of clothes huddled together at the foot of a sapling with here and there a bone protruding, the remain. ing bones scattered in all directions, was all that re mained to tell a tale of physicali prostration and death. There were no marks of violence on the skull, which was a remarkably small one. It can hardly be forestalling the results of the inquest which will be held to-day) to state that it t was evi dent the unfortunate gentleman, in the course of his. ramble, hbad been suddenly overtaken by sickness (probably dysentery, to which he was greatly sub. el), hd sat down completely prostrated and had beeen unable to rise again.= In one of his pockets was a hymnbook;a in another two small keys and a penknife; and in a third a copy of. (apparently) verses, nseribed in the well.known,' broad, bold characters of the deceased; the only word clearly legible in the whole production was "Usureer., The distance thence to his realdence (the late Mr. Alisworth's) was about four miles. Mr, Price, of Pyrsmul, at once volunteered to bear the expenses attending the decent interment of the remains of the unfortunate gentleman. Tna NewserArsa TAx.-The followlng remarks,' as reported in the Empire, were made by tr,. Robert Stewart, Lt.IA., before the electors of eut Sydney on Thursday evening last i-lie would neat come to the newspaper ta. lIe was In the'Assembly when that tax was imposed. IIe looked upon this ta as a charge upon a man's means of obtaining knowledge. (Applause.) -They had to maintain a certain stalf Sofpost.oices and offilials throughout the country, and no extra labour was imposed upon them whether theo tax was paid or not. In this age ef pennc newspspers it was grievous and unjust. Twopenee would convey a letter to Fort Bourke, hundreds of miles away, and a penny was charged whether the newspaper was a'heavy or a light one. Some hoen members were actuate;ln imposing the newspaper tax because the papere opposed their political course of action, It was imposd by some with a view to cri ple the |5, a. l4 .oked upyen the newstaper cr+ , ".?+" ,I;t' + as i useul public instructor. We paid £100,000 for educating our youth. yet for a newspper postagey revenue of £6000 or £6000 a year we deprived hundreds of grown-up people of their newspaper. Exrept this country was in a state of invasion be would never vote for the newspaper tar. The news paprer tax must be repealedi but it will not be done b the present parliament. It most be done by the ,l?tors out of doors. As he had before said, it cost the country nothing extra to carry the news papers. Persone in country districts were much lojured by this tax. People would rather pay 2d. or even 44. for a letter, than that their newspapers should be taxed. Now that they had cheap news papers, the tax should by all means be abolished. Itwill not be repealed except by a similar cry to that which carried the lend bill Those who look upon the question as he had, in company with the distant hutkeeper and settler, would insist upon the repeal of this obnoxious newspaper tax at once. (A plause.) t Tl1seoo MaxvrAcras.-The Gandtgal Times says:'--We have been shown, and have tested, a sample of very well-fltvoured tobacco, manufactured by Mfr. J. tal Lean, farmer; of Big Den Creek, from lest grown by bimself. Mr. MIo Lean, who Is a man of experience, considers the soil In this locality especially suited for the culture of the tobaooo-plant, and hIas at present forty-two perches under crop. MIr. W. Bridle of Tumut also manufactures excellent tobacco, preferable In all respects, except perhaps In mere neatness of external appearance, to much that is brought into our market from other quarters. As population increases we have no doubt this Industry will be largely developed in our locality. Talt II Asrutaris ir Tis T oLa.ourn-.Orricz. SI a mistake through Ignorance or carelessness occurs In the preparation of a telegram on the part of the sender, one would have thought that the bright nla tellects that adorn the exalted rank of the civil ser vants o New South Wales would induce them to avoid burlesquing a message of serious importance when forwarded through the telegraph.wires yet it seems that either from sheer Ignorance or a wilful desire to amuse themselvero-and we believe It is the former, for we are Informed the same thing has twice occurred-such is not the case-at any rate in that excellently conducted establishment, the tele graph.station at lass. On Wednesday last a speci. men of this kind of orthographio bungling or mischievous jesting was brought under our notice. The message related to the tapidly approaching death of a lady, and stated, or rather our Solons in the telegraph-station in this town madeit state, that "she wa suffering great agusy." This is a disgrace. ful fact, and calls for Instant Inquiry and explanation. -Ye'es Courier. , , ; BSeLIuN Puerxtxets roa lftrs.-The following account of a very clever dodge, which unfortunately nliscarried, is given by the Hlarwood Island cor respondent of the Clarence' Examiner :-About ten days since Mr. A. Ioss, Palmer's Island, purchased a q,uantity of malie from one of the settiers on Palmer's Channel, and whilst the corn was being put' on board the vessel one of the bags burst and out jumped Jack in the box-two large pumpkins by the way. When questioned as to how the pumpkins came there, our comic neighbour replied that he had left some darkies to bag the corn and that he was from home and knew nothingof the'matter. It is hardly necessary to remark that no one puts any, faith In his statement. The corn-some forty or fifty bags-had nearly all been shipped, but it was brought out of the hold again, when lo I nine bushels of pumpkins came to see the light. For the pumpkins he was charged 30s, and for the detention' of the vessel 30s, more-costing him in all for his' dodge about £3. CAOrTae or A DfrsuRANoa.--The Denalla cor respondent of the Border Post gives an account of the capture of Dalgan, the bushranger, who com mitted several robberies In the Albury district, and threatened to stick-up Mr. Montgomery, the actor. Constables Day and Mlo Enerey went disguised as hard.up shearers to the Tatong station, on private business, and were looking round the place when Day observed that one of the men, who resembled the description given In the Police Gazette of Dulgan, had also lost one oint of his thumb, which defect he was endeavouring to hide. On being ar rested this proved to be the veritable bushranger, who quietly submitted to his fate. IIe 'aid he thought the constables were not, ordinary shearers, but he saw no means of escape. Duigan had been on the station eight or nine days, and probably In tended to conclude his visit by sticking it up, and stealing some , of, Mr. Simpson's. thoroughbred horses.-The Albury. Banner says t-Dulgan was brought before the Albury magistrates on Friday on a warrant from Denalla, and was remanded for a few days, by which time the person who was stuck-up at Urans Is expected to be forthcoming. We under stand that the Melbourne commercial traveller who was robbed by Duigan near MIowlong will not be able to attend the court here until the first week in January', so that the prisoner will have time for moralising before his trial antake place. `Although Mr. Atkins, who was stuck-up In Victoria, failed to Identify the prisoner, there Is little doubt here but that the right man has been caught., When called upon to plead he had nothing to say In reply to the charge when It was read over to him In the police court. le is minus a thumb, which he says he lost by a sabre-cut In the Indian mutiny, when he was serving as a trumpeter In an Infantry regiment and he h also a bullet-hole through the ear, which he also ascribes to the Sepoys... By his own account hells twenty-four years old, so that he must have been little more than a child at the time of the Indian mutiny. Ie hails from county Dublin, and is absurdly short in stature for the bushranging line of business. If this little trumpeter of five feet three lnches had overcome the great Montgomery, there would have been a fine tableau. The prisoner was removed from the dock by. three policemen, of the aggregate height of eighteen feet or so. Bran Fanza.-In out last Iene we briefly alluded to the appearance of large bush fires in the direction of Gundaroo. We have since aecortained that these Biros have been very extensive-ravaginagthe country for some miles, and destroying vast quantities of pasturage. We have even heard of settlers' homeo steads falling a prey to the flames, but receive the report with caution . in the absence of better authority. But it is a fact that the wheat crop of Mr. F. Donn, a settler reslding at Qundaroo, was seriously shrivelled and.damaged through the ex cessive heat of the frea immediately surroundlg his farm. And In other instances damage and loss were only averted by active resistance to the encroach. ments of the flames. Many of those fires doubtless occur through reprehensible carelessness and we should be glad to see the law enforced in every case of the kind that could be 'detected.-Qneanbeyan Age. 8saoIsa AcctDnoxr AT OcUxuaoo .-On Thursday Margaret Booth, a girl of thirteen, daughter of Mr. Thomas Ioothb; received such inljories from a horse as to leave her life despaired of. She was on horse. back engsged In drivingome stock out of hebar father's yard, when the animal shied and threw her. IHer foot got fast in the stirrup, and while thus dragged about the yard by the frightened beast ahe received such kicks and other Injuries that little hopes are entertained cf tho poor girl's recovery. Oorreupondent of Quoanbeyin Age. :CowN .WTNesESS, ExrunrES.-In'teb trialof Mary, Melaughlin, last. week, ar wltaes? from Araluen (Wiliam Urown) irho had been summnond by the crown, made application for hlIs expenses in attendlig the police court examlnatlon and also the Slesesion. The appliucant, a 'poor man, said he had been put to an expense of sight pounds, besides loss of time, and had been told that ho should be allowed nothing for the first Journey. The judge advised the witness to make lael application for his expenses, and condemned the practice of com polling witnesuaes to bear their own expenses au being outragesou 'ie had.known'caeo where persons had been taken seventy 6r a hundred mlles away without remuneration. Lately a poor widow wes compelled to travel from Penrith to HIartley, and wae away from her home a week on the Journey, and never got a farthieg lowards the cost'of her ourney. The crown-prosecutor agreed with his onore remarks, as also did,Mr. .0. I. Walsh. The matter then dropped.-Queanbeyan Ag'e. .T TaS ?crosDo FATr or LansOc ADnr.--The fol lowing, fromthe South Ausitralian Advertiser of Nsovemter oth, gries prticulars of the statement made to MeOur. Alongr by a native nla the course of an exploration one hundred and twenty miles to the eastward of the ettled part of Western Austra Ila:--"The most Interesting matter in connection with this trip was an'account of therourder by the natives of some white men about twenty years ago. Lookilng at all the circumstances, it seeml not Im possible that these whites were no other than Leich haIIt and his party. The time agrees with that of poor Lelebhhardt's expedition; the circumstances of the murder appear probable; and the place is Just on the route the long-lost explorer wae Intending to take. - We give, however, Mr. Monger'e account of hi coonveration with the nativ on.the maltter: Iutlnig the eyoaulog the native, Jimmy, told me the ...,.. .. ........... particulars about the white men killed by the'natives about' twenty years ago. Jimmy said it occurred when be was a little boy `and I should take him to be now from thirty to ti(rt.firs years old. lie said be knew well one of the principal men concerned, a native named Bowering, who died only a few months slace. It took place at a spot he had seen, at a spring near the bank of a very large lake; so large, he said, that it looked like the sea as teen from ltottnees, eleven days' journey from Ninghan, in a fine country; the white men were rushed upon while making a damper, and clubbed and speared; he had often seen one of the axes that formed a portion of tbe:plonder." DisoanAcrvL Arrara.-One of those disgraceful scenes, reflecting severely upon our morality, took place at Young on Sunday last. It appears that some time since a certain fair one ' Wholoved her husbaud deadrl but another man twtee as well,, exempllfied her preference by bolting with the latter: The bereaved, or fortunate, husband whichever you like, and the man of the lady's choice, met since In the town, when a fight ensued, which was, however, soon stepped owing to a report that the guardians of the public peace were making for the scene of strife. On lart Saturday the belligerents again met, when a thorough stand.up fight was arranged to take place on the following morning at Moppty lange.v At the appointed time and place the combatants met, in the presence of about forty qnlookers, and pummelled one another to the best of their ability for about an hour, the leal osasessor of the fair onp coming off second beos anibetng perforce compelled to yield up his heart's treasure to the embraces of his antagonist, as being the most favoured both by Mars and Cupid.' Thank goodness these instances of the fragility of the marriage tie in Australia are become log more and more rare, socety: appearing deter. mined to set its veto upon them, and to show that, although in the earlier days of the colonies this easy ay of transferring conjugal rights was looked upon with very little reprobation, yet still the time it fast approaching when those who in the light of heaven live in direct violation of God's command; shall suffer the odium so Justly earned, and In all respect. able portions of the community shall be made to feel that they have thoroughly lost cute.-Correspondent of Barrowa Express. . DI)sINTEREmTED AvDYIC TO TInS SQUTrERBc.-The Border Post, referring to the fact that the unfavour. able news recoived by the last mail concerning the depreciation in price of Anustralian wool has had a very depresaing effect upon the quadrupedal interet ; that those squatters who have plenty of grass and water, and plenty of capital, console themselves with the intelligence that well.washed wools 'maintain their price; while those who, from the force of cr. cumAtances, are compelled to shear in the grease (and their name Is legion) are looking very blue upon it observes i-It appears to us that the truest,best, and most profitable resource of the burnt-out and compes titlon-devoured squatter, is to turn planter in those "beautiful Isles of the sea," the Fijis, where land Is to be bought at two or three shillings per acre, where labour costs from one to two shillings per week (no rations required), and where a fertile soil and a climate of perpetual spring assure the settler that his efforts are expended to the very best advan. tags. Cotton, sugar, and coffee ,are amongst the spontaneous productions of Fiji,.and if we talked for a week concerning all:the'other staples of comi. merce having their home in the group, it would only. be painting the lily or adding perfume to the violet. B]y a curious' coincidence, animal food is so scarce that sheep are worth 20s. for their meat alone, and cattle fetch £15 per head. The very first order obh. tained by the Melburne Meat Preserving Company wu a large one from Fiji. ,Why, then, fight the fates in an Australian Sahara, where drought and rust doth corrupt, and.duffers break through and steal, when there' Is an opportunity of laying up treasures in the two hundred and fifty island Edens of Polynesia, only one week's sail froea.us Let us go out of this Egyptian house of bondage and make tracks for the happy land, of Canaan, flowing with milk and honey.' ,. ;.: c?? ' ' A Mtessro Miox.-Conalderable uneasiness Is felt for the safety of a carrier named Cox, a resident of Gundagal,.who was entrusted.: with loading for several persons In Wagga Wagga, from,Sydney to Goulburn. LHe received property at the latter place from Messrs. Davies, Alexander, and Co., for de livery to .F A. Tompson and Co., of this town, but up to the present momentnothing has been heard of him beyond Cooroy's Gap, that place of blood and horror...The most close Inquiry has failed to yield any trane of Coe beyond .this modern lGo* goths;-WVagga Wagga Advertiser.,' " .i I ??".. NWv 'ZeA D.en.- Napier, 20th November, via Melbourne, 4th December.-An,engagement took place on the 23rd instant, at Poverty Bay, between the colonial forces, assisted by the friendly natives, and the hostile Maorles. More than twenty of the enemy were killed. The loss on our side consisted of four killed and twelve wounded. . Neither party are' yet in a position to bury. their dead.. The ittuation of our forces is considered to be admirable, being most excellent for artillery, practice. The Manof-WVareman Rocket Brigade are throwing shells. 'They have two light guns. Grape Is much wanted. Koetl, the chief, is said to, have,been killed.-Telegram to Empire. _ ,.. ,, Lesue N'ATUr m.-A curious freak of nature may be seen at Mr. John Mo Gnigan's, Norongo, inthib district.' The curIosity is a calf, in all other respects like an ordinary animal of the kind, but terminating in sinhgle hind leg. The' animal is In perfect health, and moves about without the slightest uocon* .venience.-tloeanbeyan Age. ', a ,' M Ir r, MazBio'unxa.-Saturday.-A successful forgery; to the amount of £1600, has been! committed on the National Dank. '.There is no clue to the forger.-At a' meeting held to.day, Mr. Manuel, engineer, re ported that he visited property on Queanbeyan river which contained well-defined lodes of silver, and a resolution was passed to launch the company forth. with.-It il supposed that Bruce, the absoonding customs clerk, went ashore from the Tararua, off Brighton.-William Webster of the ship Avondale died from small-po.-Captatl Stack hba obtained the permission of the government to recruit for New Zealand.-Judge Moleeworth has dismissed the rule for an injunction to prevent the sale of ,theWelling. ton Parade.-Goodliffe has been sentenced to,two years and three months', imprisonment-.-Monday, . p.m.-Mr. Stack, who is recruiting for New Zealand' has received numerous applications. :le will com plete a list of two hundred this , week.-George Fearn, a smelter in the Bank of Victoria, has been arrested on suspieion of.being the person who comr mitted the £1600 forgery on the National Bank. He has been broughtbefore the bench and remanded. -The Herald has been purchased by the trustees of the children of the late Ebeneeer Syme.-Telegrams to B. M . H erald. ·' ' " ' -As a' proof of the auriferous . treuure. of, our locality, we may mention that we saw this week, at the Bank of New South Wales, Gundagai, a beauti- ful cake of retorted gold of excellent quality, weigh, Ing 387 ozs., which was the product of 68 tons 17 cwt. of quarts from the claim of Thomas Field and Sons, Prophet's reef Kimo, crushed at Woolnough's machlne.--Gundagal Times. On the Uppe Doga mild hohrse8 are reported e: now coming fn from the back country an settlers are laid to be talking about watching the waterholes and shooting them. ;A man named Johi Ryan lately drank at Lourke town a obuple of quarte of cold water at a draught, and lay down.' Bome men in the place thought the man wa aleeplog, but disoovered their mistake when endeavouring to awake him togo to bed-he was Ide oeon it 'Arv Aowoon 27th Nevember,' from Green Hills, by J. B. Sharpe, Ei.sum due at date of notlce,'ld. 1 d. l-Black entire,DX near shoulder.' To be sold 24th December. . IrronDED rT fiooe, on 30th NO~emnler.. fron Long Swamp, by Thomas Shanaban, Esq.i sum due at date of notlee, set after each animal t-Bay ,borse, stir and snip, white sports under saddle, white.spots ou neck both lsidee, short tatll, abed at round,broken in; acollar.mrked, branded like E and M over - conjoined near shoulder--10s.' d., out'of growlug cropi black mare, star in forehead, off hind foot white,' whlte spots on back, harnesa mark on both thighe, broken in, collar-marked, branded .blotch like I over 2 aidowayes or K over 2 sideways near shoulder-- Os. O4., out of growing crop.-Ao, on 30th?lovember, from Waterloo ectate, by John Cropper,' Eeq.t--fay hone, atar. in forehead, near hind foot white, broken In, branded B with Jf over and -~ over D under near ahoulder - over D in cheek near lside-8s.; Iron.grey hore, black points, broken Ion, branded like JA over F (wrlling capital) off houlder--8s..To be sold 24th Deember. Iro?vxorzn Ar DBaaowk, on 28th Norvember, from Brooghtonsworth by W. J. . Wotton Req.; euni due at date of notice mset after each animals Bay filly, DIIt over 2 near hboulder-os. - d.; bay pony mare, J ovear AW near shoulder, like WD off ehouldet--. 3d, I roan mae, PQ over N near shouldrr-0os.4 l.; brown mare, 10 over,2 near houllo=-O- 3d.;' cheanut ehore, like r??or nI ,,tL.' .."' ? ; ;~.'1 + : J ' 1 over 411 over !?: near shoulder, near hind foot white, star-9s. 8d. bay entire, liD off shoulder, T near shoulder-£?; bey mare, like KXP near shout. der-9s. 3d.; grey mare, like WK over JW over W near shoulder W near thigh, WKi off thigh Ps. 1. ; black horse, TJG or O near shoulder , off ribs-9-. SJ.; bey flly, 3 over IK off houlder 9s. SS.; grey mare, PN near shoulder and rmp, Jl conoine off shoulder-9s. ?.- Also, on the same date, from Burrows River, by J. P. ltyn t Chesnut horse, like . or IW over TR over - off shoulder, winesglas near cheek, O or G over wine. gleae near shoulder, writing capital W and 0 near thigh-lls. 6J.--Also, on let December from ouuogu?gree, by: 8. Woodcocks- Bay mare, 8 over K sideways near shoulder, K near thlgb, cL off shoulder, hobble cha~l on, star--s. 6dL.- Also, on same date, from oaIrrows River, by, .· P. Ryan - Brown horse, like WO (very faint) high up on the near shoulder, hind feet white, star--9. ad. To be sold 2th Deoember..: , .s *? .. ( : I?. rouxDED ATGU.AISBEX GULLE., on 28th to vember from Dysll, by A Gray Esq.; sum'due at date of. notice 7. --Black horse, star and: snip, JFG near shoulder, sbod al round, aged, 14l hands high. .To be sold 17th Deoember. , t . ;' SIsroCXDED AT SoCTu GUNDAOa, on0,27th QNo) vember, from Dig Den Creek, by Stephen Alphick; sum duoe at date of noticle, 12. Ld.r--Grey horse, bang tail, saddle and collar marked, VWT near shoul-. der like 3 off shoulder, GD off neck. To'be sold lltDeoember*:i, ia iinan: i 1rrr 