COLONIAL TEL KG RAMS' . (From the Melbourne Papers.) SYDNEY, Monday. The heat here is intense. There are bushfires all round the city. Nimblefoot is scratched for the Sydney Cap. Trade is dull. Maize is advancing. Mar* tell's dark brandy is quoted at J a, fid., an4 Marrian's ale at £8 10s. Arrived—City of Melbourne^ from Melbourne. Sailed—Caldbeck, for London. BRISBANE, Monday. The Governor leaves this ou Saturday next for New Zealand. The Royal assent has been given to thg Consolidation Bills. Mary Aim Pritchard has been committed, for trial, on a charge of arson. SYDNEY, Tuesday. Disastrous bush-fires continne to be rereported. The Sailors' Home Committee have decided to hold % ball in aid of the funds of the institution during the Prince's visit. A monster meeting was held by the protectionists last night, to condemn the policy of the Government. It was resolved to exert the inllueuce of the party at the next elections. The Royal Artillery stationed here are ordered to Gibraltar. The intense heat continues. The Government offer a reward of £100 for the discoveiy ot the person implicated in the Moama murder. The James Lester has cleared for Loudon, with 3,101 bales of wool and 320 casks tallow. Arrived.—Airedale^ from Hukitika, with S,896oz. of gold; and Western Star, from Foo-chow-foo. Sailed.—Rangitira, for Melbourne. ADELAIDE, Tuesday. The boisterous state of the weather interfered with the holiday yesterday, and the day passed off quietly. No business will be done until next week. The cargo of the Uajaden, from Mauritius, is to be sold here Arrived.—Ariadne, from the Baltic, with timber, for orders ; and the Costa Rica, from Foo-chow-foo, with tea. The Coorong is anxiously looked for. The latest triumph of fee-trade principles ha taken place at Rome. The Pope, possibly out of gratitude to the Emperor of the French, has become a commercial reformer, and has concluded a treaty with France of the same kind as that which the latter country has now entered into with nearly every European state. His Holiness has also acceded to tha monetary convention—which secures a uniformity of coins—between France, Italy, Switzerland, and Belgium.— Argus. 