TUESDAY - DECEMBER 15. Before the police-magistrate. William Smith, brought up for drunkenness, was discharged with a caution. Elizabeth Wilson was charged with using obscene language in Auburn-street, and in default of paying a fine of £5 was sent to jail for three months. TO TOWN AND COUNTRY TRAVELLERS. - We are requested to state that the city surveyor has obtained the necessary authority for placing such logs or other obstructions in the roadway now forming in Auburn street as may be deemed desirable to divert the traffic to different parts of the road for the purpose of consolidation. Travellers after nightfall, will therefore require to use caution in pausing down this street. RIFLE-SHOOTING. - The usual monthly shooting for floating prizes was held on Saturday last. The prizes are £5, £3, and £2 respectively, and the con ditions that the shooting be monthly from August last to May next, each competitor to shoot at least six times; seven shots each at 200, 300, 500, and 600 yards. Only three members competed. The day was extremely unfavorable for good shooting, the wind being excessively strong amounting almost to a hurricane, and being gusty and accompanied with blinding dust. The scores, which owing t this were much lower than on previous occasions will be found below. Chisholm and Welby use Kerr rifles, and Clarke a Whitworth. 200 yds 300yds. 500yds. 600yds. Total J. W. Chisholm .. 22 19 15 9 63 G. Welby....21 18 13 8 60 H. S. Clarke....19 13 3 0 35 ACCIDENTS. - On Saturday evening last some lads or young men were larking in front of the Market House Tavern, when one of them In stepping back threw down Mrs. Beattie, who happened to be pass ing by, breaking her leg close to the ankle-joint: She was taken into the Market House Tavern and attended to by Dr. Hayley. No doubt the young men who caused the accident must much regret it; and it ought to be a caution to them and others to behave with a little more steadiness in the streets than is the fashion with some.-Yesterday Mr. John Cann's horse fell with him and rolled over him, causing an injury to one of the shoulders, a cut over the eyebrow, and very possibly some Internal injury. He was at first insensible, but soon rallied, and is now, under Dr. Hayley's care, progressing favorably, MR. THATCHER'S ENTERTAINMENT. - On Monday and Tuesday evenings Mr. Thatcher gave entertain. ments in the halt of the mechanics' institute exem plifylng life on the gold-fields. There was a fair attendance. Views of scenes illustrating occur rences in the life of the digger were exhibited, and descriptive remarks were given of an amusing char acter. There was also what is termed a local song in which Goulburn matters were alluded to Mr. King acts as accompanyist on the piano; and the performances of Mr. Thatcher on the flute are really excellent, while his comic songs provoke much mirth. The entertainment will be repeated this evening. THE WEATHER IN GOULBURN. - During the last week the weather has been very hot and dry. On Saturday last and again yesterday there were clouds of dust blowing for hours. The country is now really suffering much for want of rain, and there are bush-fires in some parts of the district, one very large one in the Cookbundoon ranges being visible from the city. Yesterday, there were one or two light showers in the afternoon. THE KIAMA MYSTERY. - Anent? the above, Punch has favored the public with the following new read ing of a well-known line in Hamlet-" It's a non est ghost, that let me tell you." CRICKET. - The return match between the married and single came off on Saturday last, in Payten's racecourse paddock, which resulted in another win for the Benedicts. Play was commenced at half- past two. The married side, having won the toss for choice of innings, sent their opponents to the wickets, who, after a very short stay, retired for the very low score of twenty runs being placed to their credit-eight out of the eleven most remarkably sticking up the insignificant 0 to their names. On the married side appearing at the wickets a con tinuation of a" row in the timbers"' seemed to stick to them also, with the exception of Russell, who played an excellent Innings for twenty-four runs. In the second innings the single men seemed to dash out manfully, and but for some unfortunately care less running out of some of the best batsmen their score would have made it probably something still for their opponents to go in against. However, the result shows, that the married team proved them selves quite up to any emergency, and they pulled off the game with three wickets to spare. Following is the score:- SINGLE FIRST INNINGS....SECOND INNINGS. W. Chisholm, b. Belcher....2...c. Russell...3 Williams, b. Gillespie....0...run out...14 Walsh, b. Belcher....0....b. Belcher....1 Gillespie, b. Gillespie....0....b. Gillespie....3 Waugh, b. Belcher....9....run out....7 Kelly, b. Gillespie....0....b. Belcher....0 Maber, b. Belcher....0....run out....0 Teece, b. Payten....0....b. Belcher....0 Dalglish, not out....0....b. Gilllespie....17 Allman, b. Gillespie....1. st. Payten....5 20 62 First Innings 30 Total 82 MARRIED FIRST INNINGS....SECOND INNINGS. Sutton, st. Waugh...2 H. Blackshaw, st. Waugh...4 Russell, not out....24...c. Chisholm....4 Gillespie, c. Allman....0....not out....9 Twynam, run out....0 Betts, b. Chisholm....0....hit on wicket...1 Belcher, run out....0....c. Walsh....14 Scarr, hit on wicket...0....b. Walsh....6 Payten, c. Waugh....7...b. Walsh...7 Byes, 3; leg bye, 1....4....Bye....1 41 42 First innings 41 Total...83 GOULBURN LITERARY SOCIETY. - At the weekly meeting of this society held on Monday evening last there was a good attendance of members. The president occupied the chair. The business for the evening being readings and recitations, the following were given- By Mr. Teece, an extract from Sir James Mackintosh's History of the Revolution; by Mr. Pursehouse, the Song of the Street; and by Mr. B. Brown, Wreck of the London. The high character of the selections, and the manner In which they were rendered, elicited the approbation of the members. The business for next Monday evening tea debate on a motion of want of confidence in the society's ministry; and if time permits, the question-Would a Dissolution of the Parliament of New South Wales be beneficial? will be brought forward.-Communicated. AN IMMENSE KANGAROO. - Master Isaac Davis of Boro shot a large kangaroo on Monday last, which was forwarded to Mr. Mandelson of this city. On being weighed it turned the scales at the great weight of 214 lbs., and measured from tip to tip 12 ft. 4 in.. The tall when cut off weighed 19½ lbs. This, we believe, is acknowledged to be one of the largest kangaroos ever captured about this district. They are more numerous this season than known for many years.-Communicated. WOLLONGONG.-Monday.-The schooner Nowra was wrecked on Wollongong Breakwater on Satur day afternoon. No lives lost.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. BOMBALA.- Monday. - Eighteen tons of stone, from the Come Love Reef, at Upper Bendock, turned out fifty ounces of gold; the stone was not picked. Telegram to S. M. Herald. ROCKHAMPTON. - Monday. - The schooner Jane Lockhart, the property of Haynes and Hatfield of Broad Sound, was wrecked on Thursday night on Bunker's Group, outside Cape Capricorn, while bound from Sydney for Broad Sound. The master and crew arrived safely at Keppel Bay this morning. -Telegram to S. M. Herald. MELBOURNE. - Monday, 6 p.m. - The Attorney General, Mr. McKay of the Bendigo Advertiser and Mr. George of the Argus, have been appointed a board to inquire into and report upon the working of the government printing- office.-Samples of sugar from Raff's of Queensland, are much admired. There was a fire at Carlton on Saturday night; eleven houses were consumed; the loss is estimated at £4000.-At Carngham, a stockrider was bitten by a carpet snake, when Halford's injection system was successfully applied.-The late G. V. Brooke's bust was unveiled at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, before a good audience, on Saturday evening. Telegram to S. M. Herald. NEW ZEALAND.-Via Melbourne.-The Rangi toto's date is to December 5.-Titokowaru's force, numbering eight hundred men, is at Papatupa; a reward of £1000 has been offered for his capture and £5 for every prisoner; a guerilla company has been formed for the purpose.-The Hauhaus' posi tion was attacked on the 2nd December; they were routed, and lost thirty men and six hundred rounds of ammunition. Two bloodthirsty chiefs, named Rama and Henare, are among the killed our casualties were only three wounded. Colonel Whitmore has been sent to Papatuka; the local journals express their dislike of him.-H.M.S. Blanche has sailed for Poverty Bay.-A Wellington telegram dated 26th November, states that sixty rebels were driven into a gully on the Upper Wai roa, surrounded, and killed.-Mr. Chevalier intends sketching In the disturbed districts.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. WHO IS WILLIE CAMPBELL?-This question have ing been asked with reference to Mr. Campbell, now a candidate for the representation of West Sydney, Punch replies to it in the following strain, which, besides affording the Information supposed to be desired, is in Itself one of the best written articles that have for a long time appeared in what is decidedly the best written publication we have amongst us, and moreover pays a, well-deserved tribute to the memory of one who was all that Punch declares:-" Who is Willie Campbell? " Mr. Punch heard this question asked with that insolent assumption of certainty that It was unanswerable except in such a way as to reveal the insignificance of the gentleman who bears the name. Mr. Punch can and will answer the inquiry. Willie Campbell is a young educated native of the colony (of the very city which he aspires to represent)-honest, straight forward, truthful, and Independent. He is the pos sessor of a splendid fortune (and Mr. Punch only mentions the circumstance to point out that the young fellow's hand will not require to be dipped into the public purse), and he is the possessor of a name infinitely more precious to this country than all the fortunes in it. It is because of this name that Mr. Punch is moved to answer the inquirer whose interrogatory heads this article. Mr. Punch cares very little about the result of this or that party con test; but it is his great duty and pleasure to guard the memories of dead public servants-to tend the flowers planted by the people upon the graves of their devoted servants-to uphold the cause of the children and the children's children of those who have done good service to the state. Mr. Punch, then, in the discharge of this sacred duty, begs to say that Willie Campbell is the son of Robert Campbell, one of the purest, noblest, and most unselfish crea tures in this or any other country-a man whose life was a blessing, whose example of public virtue made politics while he took part in them the occupation of Christian gentlemen, and whose death was felt to be a calamity. Such was the father. For his dear sake -for the goodness, the courage of him-because he was so true and perfect a gentleman, Mr. Punch hopes that the electors of West Sydney (who owe their electorate to the struggles and the honesty of the father), wilt honour the son; and that this Mr. Punch may be enabled to answer briefly the ques tion, "who is Willie Campbell?" by the words "member for West Sydney." FEARFUL CATASTROPHE. - A very sad affair is reported by the Mount Alexander Mail -A farmer and his wife, being in the neighbourhood of Mont- morency, had gone out to walk in a distant field, on Friday last, leaving some dinner on the hearth, and a baby in a cradle near the fireplace, both in charge of their little daughter of seven years of age. By some mischance the latter became enveloped in flames, and when the unhappy farmer and his wife returned they found their baby burned to a cinder, They then turned their attention to find the little girl, whom they blamed for the misfortune. Poor Marie, however, had disappeared, and for some time was nowhere to be found. At length, in a pond in the middle of the orchard they found the body of their elder child. When she saw her little brother burnt, the broken-hearted child must have ran out and drowned herself. THE MANUFACTURE OF GAS. - We are now in a position to state, says the Daylesford Mercury, that Mr. Curtis has so far perfected his experiments in gas-making, that the Daylesford company will in a short time be enabled to reduce the price of the article from 30s. to 20s. per 1000 feet. He wholly dispenses with coal, gum-wood alone giving gas that, though deficient in carbon, is suitable for heating and cooking. For illuminating purposes, benzole is employed as a carburetter, and the light thus en riched is pure, brilliant, and free from any unpleas ant odour. RENTING A PIANO. - Not a little excitement was created at the Cooma police-court on Monday last in the case of Natthey v. Solomon. It appeared that in October, 1867, Mr. Solomon required the services of the plaintiff to tune and repair a piano, and, if any faith can be placed in the statement of the plaintiff, the terms were that in return for his services Natthey was to exercise sole ownership of the instrument for twelve months from October, 1867. The captain performed his work, receiving in return £4 in cash and board and lodging for six weeks whilst be was fulfilling his contract. The owner of the instrument as a natural consequence, took possession of the piano as soon as the captain had finished his job, and nothing was said of pay ment, beyond the captain receiving £1 in cash, till the case was brought before the court on Monday last. The captain then claimed £9, 12s.-and ad mitted be had received £4 on account thereof for hiring a piano to its lawful owner! At the onset of the case Mr. Lipscomb, on behalf of the defendant, asked the plaintiff if he had ever rented a piano to Mr. Solomon, and then followed a scene which for volubility and gesture on the captain's part could not be surpassed. Mr. Natthey, knowing that a straightforward answer to this question would decide the case either in favour of the defendant, or cause him (Natthey) some trouble to prove en answer in the affirmative, declined answering the question, pleading his ignorance of the English language, and terming Mr. Lipscomb's query - a captious question. The bench finding the plaintiff reticent in answering with a plain yes or no, but fluent enough in explaining other matters, Mr. Montague took the captain in hand ; but it was of no avail as the plaintiff said he could not answer such a captious question, but wished to make a state ment of the case. Finding the bench inexorable, the plaintiff, with all the nonchalance imaginable left the witness-box and walked towards the door of the court. A word, however from the police-magistrate quickly brought him back, when the captain politely informed the bench that, as he was not allowed to make a statement, he "gave the case up." Again did the captain go towards the door, and again was he brought back, this time more quickly and with a more rueful countenance than on the previous occasion. He was then Informed that the case was dismissed, and the bench had adjudged him to pay ten shillings as expenses to one witness. The captain paid the money; but the witness was too compassionate to take it, and returned it to the plaintiff.-- Manaro Mercury. THE DROUGHT.-It does not appear that there have been no exceptions to the dry weather so much complained of of late. A sheep-farmer from the Merool Creek assured us last Wednesday that there had recently been there one of the heaviest storms with the most extraordinary fall of rain that he had ever witnessed in the colony. He spoke of the force of the water, after it had gathered in the channels, as being sufficient to carry away the Hume Bridge at Yass if it had been there to impede its course. The dams about the Merool are likely then to be well supplied for the remainder of the summer; but there are some stations forty miles westward from that of our informant's where the watercourses are over the most porous soil Imaginable, and no sooner is there a rainfall than the friable earth absorbs all the moisture, suffering it from the absence of firm subsoil to disappear altogether. There has been rain about the billabongs; and al though some blocks of back country are indifferently off for water, such has not been invariably the case. The rain has evidently been very capricious our district not having certainly had fair share of what has fallen. The uplands must have also suffered, otherwise our chief streams would not show such a declension. The Yass River, except in wrathful times of weather, is little better than a chain of ponds, gathering from minor rivulets. Not so the Murrum- bidgee, which is fed by springs and snow-water. Both rivers at present show signs of distress. Our more immediate neighbour ceased to be a stream earlier than we thought, for one of our farmers who lives between here and Gundaroo has informed us that it is a fortnight since there was the least trick ling in the channel near his place. Certainly, it was last Sunday when a similar occurrence took place close to Yass. The Murrumbidgee is now very low; but we hear that it still runs, even high up the channel. How long such will be the case it is hard to say. There having been less snow on the Monaro Range during the past winter, accounts in a great measure for the low level of the river this summer. The semi-stagnant state of the water in the Yass River, coupled with the channel forming a sewage for carrying off the filth of the town, and that in the absence of any other drain can be no small abomination must render it absolutely un wholesome for drinking purposes although very many of our fellow-townsfolk are in the daily habit of so using it. A microscopic examination would cause such disgust that some energetic steps would be taken to procure a supply of pure water, especially now that the inhabitants of the town have been awakened from their usual lethargy by an appeal for the preservation of property against fire. Returning, however, to the chief subject matter of our remarks, there does not appear to be any symptoms of a change of weather. Had there been pluvial clouds at the time of the bush-fires, it is probable that the rarefaction of the atmosphere would have brought about a downfall so much wanted and so anxiously looked for.-Yass Courier. ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE. - We learn from reliable authority that Mr. McNamara Russell, a road-con tractor, has recently made an attempt on his life and is now on his way to Wagga Wagga in custody. We have no further particulars, except that the rash act is believed to have been committed near Tar- cutta.-Wagga Wagga Advertiser. THE NEWSPAPER TAX. - We are glad to observe that there is at least one item in the programme of the new ministry of which we can heartily approve, viz., the repeal of the newspaper tax.. This was one of the bright ideas of that prince of financial hum bugs, the late treasurer. It has contributed very little to the revenue, and has crippled, to a consider able extent the press of the colony. If Mr. Eagar had done nothing worse than impose this tax, he would still have well merited the fame he enjoys, of being absolutely the very worst finance minister the colony ever saw; and if Mr. Samuel does nothing more than remove it, he will entitle himself to be considered one of the best.-Wagga Wagga Adver tiser. CHURCH OF ENGLAND DENOMINATIONAL SCHOOL. -This establishment, which for the last few weeks has been closed-through what cause we are not able exactly to say-was re-opened on Monday last. The late teacher, Mr, G. Lane, removed from town last Monday for Sydney in hope of finding a more successful engagement elsewhere. Mr. Mr. Lane's suc cessor is a Mr. Field; a certified teacher under the council of education. We understand he was formerly engaged in teaching at Burrowa, and has latterly been awaiting an opening in a denomi national school. The number with which the school re-opened on Monday was far below the minimum number required under the act; but the numbers in attendance since have increased, and the Church of England minister-the Rev. Mr. Soares-who is strenuously exerting himself to resuscitate the school, entertains a good hope of raising it, under the present teacher, to a state of thorough efficiency. -Queanbeyan Age. THE QUEEN V. RYAN.-This case, referred to the Supreme Court from the late quarter-sessions at Queanbeyan, was heard by the full court on Tuesday last. The defendant had been convicted of feloniously selling a cow out of the Gundaroo pound. It was impounded, and he sold it to a per son who paid the poundage and got the animal. The question now raised was whether the defendant had so taken the cow out of the pound. Mr. Davis, for the defendant, contended that he had not; the Attorney General on behalf of the crown, arguing that he had. The court, by a majority (Mr. Justice Hargrave dissenting), held that defendant had taken the cow, and sustained the conviction.-Queanbeyan Age. THE MISSING MRS. MATHEWS. - What has be come of Mrs. Mathews? is a question very gene rally asked, and one which, it would seem, no person can answer satisfactorily. It is now upwards of two months since attention was first called to her disappearance; and what has been done in that time to ascertain whether she is living or dead?-whether she has been murdered by the hands of a stranger, or starved to death in the bush through some un accountable act of her own? We know that the friends of the missing woman and the local police exerted themselves thoroughly after her disappear ance had been made known; but one week's vain search seems to have satisfied everyone concerned. Why have not those who guide the movements of the police offered some reward for her discovery? If one of those dangerous impostors who fan the flames of party feeling in this colony were merely to hint to a colonial.secretary that a shot had been fired near enough to them at night to disclose the " flash in the pan; " or if fire is supposed to have been wilfully set to the hen-roosts of some one powerful in certain constituencies- large rewards are offered forthwith, and every dead wall in the colony holds out a temptation for an informer. But here, a woman has been looked upon as dead for months; her little children are left to the protection of others; it is unknown whether she has fallen by the hands of assassin or how else; but there is no reward offered - no effort made to solve the mystery! Why should there? She was only a poor woman, who could not invent a sensational tale for the purposes of a minister, nor even influence an election by her vote.-Burrowa Ex press. A SNAKE, A KITTEN, AND A BUCKET OF WATER.-On Monday morning Miss M. Ryan, niece of Mr. M. O'Neill, of the Post- office Bazaar Stores, had occasion to draw a bucket of water from the tank in the rear of the business premises. The bucket was dropped and hauled up again in the usual manner; but lo! when at the top, in addition to its liquid contents there was a speckled kitten locked in the fond embrace of a whip- snake. His snakeship had encircled poor puss round the neck in the first place, and as if to make the embrace the more lasting, threw four or five coils of his length tightly round her body, the bare tip of his tail pro truding when brought to terra firma. Most prob ably, in a playful mood, the kitten jumped on its deadly opponent, and in the struggle for supremacy both fell into the well. However that may be, puss was dead when brought to the surface, and Miss R. having determined that she should be revenged, called stoutly to several tradesmen who were work ing in an adjoining shed, one of whom speedily rewarded her courage by slaying the slimy des- troyer. The well has since been pumped dry, the people residing in its neighbourhood having a very decided objection to imbibe of the water in which the feline cat-astrophe occurred. -Burrowa Ex press. THE HARVEST. - The reapers are now busy at their work In this district; but many of the farmers have cause to regret that their crops are not com mensurate with the cost of ploughing, sowing, har rowing, and reaping. There are, of course, ex ceptional cases., In our immediate neighbourhood Mr. Owen Hilly and Mr. Wilbraham Edwards have fine crops of wheat. Messrs. Ramsay and Johnston have a remarkably fine crop for the season on some now red land at Murrumbateman. The ears are long and well filled; indeed such a crop as could be expected only in most favourable seasons. The ground has been carefully attended to. Attention to the land is one of the secrets of success in farm ing. Mr. Wm. Carter of Murrumbateman has a fine crop of wheat, which he commenced reaping on Monday. About Wargiela there is a deficiency this year, although that part of the district has had more rain than other portions. At Jerrawa fair crops are expected, and the grain is looked for, to be of un usually good quality. The most remarkable fact connected with grain-growing is that on the Mur- rumbidgee flats the maize looks sickly, and, there is little hope that there will be anything like a crop. The hay harvest Is nearly gathered. With the exception of a few paddocks it is lighter than that of last year, This is to be attributed to the absence of moisture at the spring time, We desire again to draw the attention of farmers to the advisability of ploughing almost immediately after the crop is taken off the ground. They must reap so as to leave little stubble on the land, and plough in what remains. Early sowing is advisable as the seasons for past years have usually, been advantageous to that pro cess. Late sowing risks a spring rain, while there is an almost certainty that in June or July there will be a downfall.-Yass Courier. DIPHTHERIA. - We regret to learn that this malady is not on the decrease, but if anything there are more cases than ever. A son of Mr. Gallagher's, of Jones's Creek, has a very severe attack of it, and late on Wednesday Dr. Blake was sent for from town. Ulcerated throats are also common, and in many cases the parties afflicted mistake this for diphtheria. There is scarcely a person whom one meets in the street but has the throat encircled by flannel, and have unmistakable Indications that the glands or tonsils are inflamed. The complaints should not be trifled with but a doctor should be consulted when the first indications appear.-Yass Courier. BUSH FIRES-Although there is a stringent act In force, and so many have suffered from bush confla grations, still there are people as careless as ever, having no dread of the penalty nor any regard for the property of others. Around Yass bush fires have been raging during the past several days, and we are afraid they will cause a great deal of distress, as the grass had become very scarce. The bush paddock of Mr. F. Larkins at Bango was on fire on Wednesday; but through great exertions the flames were extin guished before reaching the cultivation paddock. A small paddock on the same creek, belonging to Mr. Owen Hilly, also ignited on the same afternoon; but fortunately the greater portion of the grass was saved. It Is said that these fires originated through the carelessness of some one who had a fire at a large log on the Yellow Creek and failed to put it out when resuming his journey. The fires have ex tended to some parts of the northern plain, and also beyond the dividing-fence of the Douro, estate at Bango Creek. We hear that the fires have reached to Manton's Creek, destroying the cockatoo-fences of Privett and Mrs. Cameron, a widow. It is said that some of the wheat in both paddocks has been burnt off.-Yass Courier. FREE SELECTION. - The following parliamentary paper has been laid on the table of the Assembly:- A schedule showing the total number of conditional purchases made in New South Wales, from 1st January 1862, to 30th June, 1868. The total num ber of selections during the period referred to was 21,435, embracing an area of 1,634,834, acres 1 rood, 4 perches, of which 2420 selections, compris ing a total area, of 176,631 acres 3 roods 4 perches were forfeitures; the number of cancellations was 1998, of a united area of 174,317 acres 3 roods. The transfers numbered 2070, with an area of 166,149 acres 2 roods 13 perches. The yearly in terest due from 7776, persons was £20,748 11s. 6d. The total balances paid up for 1247 selections was £76,541 16s. The balances to be paid on 15,770 selections amounted to £894,319 7s. 10d.- Yass Courier. POLITICAL.-.We believe we are perfectly correct in stating that when the present parliament is dis solved, or expires by effluxion of time, Mr. Joseph Leary, the solicitor, will offer himself as a candidate for Yass Plains. Mr. Leary formerly represented Narellan, but was defeated at the last election by Mr. John Hurley of. Campbelltown. It is under stood that Dr. Blake will be a candidate.-Yass Courier. CUMBERLAND DISEASE. - We learn that this fatal disease has broken out amongst a mob of sheep belonging to Messrs. Rasch and Coffin, of Junee, whilst travelling from that station to Brindabella, near Mullion, recently purchased by the firm from Mr. Webb. It is stated that some five hundred fell victims to the malady between Demondrille and Bowning. We are informed that the only cure is to change the sheep to a stringy-bark run, such as that of Brindebella. The mob consist of very fine sheep and extremely fat. A meeting of sheep directors for this sheep districts to be held on Wednesday next for the purpose of bringing the subject of the appearance of the Cumberland disease here officially before them.-Yass Courier. MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. - A shoemaker in the employ of Mr. Howard of this town, named Cumberland, has been missing since Tuesday morn ing. During the previous week he had been drink in rather freely, and it is said was suffering from delirium tremens. He had been heard to threaten that he would drown himself, and although diligent search had been made for him nothing has been positively heard of his whereabouts. On Thursday some information was received in town that a person in some respects answering the description of Cumberland had been seen on the road to Burrowa. - Yass Courier. IMPOUNDED AT BUNGENDORE, on 5th December, from Oldleigh, by M. Beresford; sum due at date of notice, set after each animal :-Dark brown mare, broken, pulled tail, shod all round, saddle-marked, scar near shoulder, whip-marked. off shoulder, like JJ or JF off shoulder, aged, 15 hands high-6s. Also same. day, from Brown's' Flats by John Golaher:-Black mare, white face and legs, CS or GB near shoulder, 4 years old; 15 hands high 10s. 9d. To be sold 31st December. IMPOUNDED AT BURRANGONG, on 5th December, from McHenry's Creek, by Mr. Edward Taylor; sum due at date of notice, set after each animal:- Bay mare, HC over HC near shoulder, FM near saddle, 53 off saddle, aged 16 hands high-7s. 3d; black entire, EW near and off shoulder, 4 years old 15 hands high-6d. 2½ d.; chesnut horse, roach back WH near-shoulder star, collar marked, aged, 16 hands high-6s. 2½d.; brown mare, KS or 2 near shoulder, hind feet white, aged, 15 hands high -6s, 2½d.; chesnut filly, C-D conjoined off shoulder 3 years old, 14 hands high-6s. 2½d.; bay horse, IM over 2 or L near shoulder, Y off shoulder, aged, 15 hands high-6s. 2½d, To be sold 31st December. IMPOUNDED AT GUNDAROO, on 3rd December, from Esthermead, by C. A, Massy, Esq.; sum due at date of notice 8s. --Chesnut horse, PF near shoulder, small stripe down face.-Also, on 7th December, from Mount Pleasant, by Mr. J. Leahy; sum due at date of notice 16s. - Dark chesnut mare, RF with \- over and SS under near shoulder, CC off shoulder star, off hind and near fore foot white. To be sold 31st December. IMPOUNDED AT ADELONG, on the 4th December, from Billabalah, by Thomas Elliott, Esq.; sum due at date of notice, 16s,. each-Bay mare. AD con joined near shoulder, pulled tail ; brown filly, like S reversed over S sideways or 2 over 2 sideways near shoulder, off hip down black horse, M over TC near shoulder, star. To be sold 31st December. IMPOUNDED AT BURROWA, on 4th December, from Broughtonsworth, by W. J. P. Wotton, Esq.; sum due at date of notice, 10s. 3d. each-Bay horse, MF over M over heart brand upside down near shoulder, MF upside down over M over heart brand upside down off rump, M over heart brand upside down near hip, MF off ribs, M over heart brand up. side down off shoulder, short tail; iron-grey filly, MF near and off shoulder, MF near and off rump chesnut mare, Ry over LT near shoulder, B off shoulder; black horse, x in circle near shoulder, H in horse-shoe off shoulder. To be sold 31 Dec cember. 