(From the Courier.) . GLADSTONE - Thursday. - News has been brought to town that the blacks are very troublesome at Dungaree station (Bell's). One of the savages attempted to commit rape on a Mrs. Hutchins, a shepherd's wife, at the Three-mile Hut— The poor woman resisted him successfully, but got mucb cut and bruised about the face. When she escaped from her assailant she ran to seek her husband, and lost herself in the bush for two days. Eventually she found her way to Mr. Jerrard's.— A few of the native police are much wanted.— The weather is hot and dry. BOWEN— Thursday.— The Boomerang has taken about 1800 ounces of gold this last trip. — Mr. Fitz- gerald addressed the electors yesterday afternoon. A vote of confidence in him was passed unanimously. He started for Townsville when the meeting was over. The blacks are killing numbers of cattle every week, and no native police have been seen here for months. — The weather is intensely hot and cloudy, but no rain has fallen. SYDNEY— Thursday. —The debate in the Assembly on the want of confidence is still unfinished. — From the returns received from portions of the polling places in the Central Cumberland electorate, Mr. Jones has a small majority.— A gang of five burglars attempted to rob the Commercial Bank at Newtown yesterday morning. The police were in time to pre- vent the robbery, and seized one of the gang, but his accomplices rescued him, and all escaped.— The weather is intensely hot. — The Sobraon passed Cape Otway yesterday. MELBOURNE— Thursday. — The Parliament has been prorogued to the end of January. —The Private Secretary to the Governor has been suspended, in consequence of its having been ascertained that he had received private pay from His Excellency. ADELAIDE— Thursday.— A bushranger has robbed the Menindie mail, near Mount Gibbs. — Duffield's new flour mill has been burned. The loss is esti- mated at £11,000. It was insured. THE nomination for the vacancy in the represen- tation of East Moreton took place on Wednesday last. Mr. Isodore Blake was nominated by Dr. O'Doherty, and seconded by Mr. Belbridge. Mr. Henry Jordan was nominated by Mr. J. Cameron, and seconded by Mr. W. Hemmant. The show of hands was in favor of Mr. Jordan, and Mr. Blake demanded a poll which will take place on Wednesday, the 23rd instant. WE are sorry to learn that the late bush-fires com- mitted sad havoc among the Highfield farms, and fences along the range. One of our correspondents assures us that upwards of thirty miles of fencing have been destroyed in that district. WE are gratified to learn that the Toowoomba wheat carried off the prize, which was open to all Queensland, at the Ipswich Agricultural Show. The specimen was grown by Mr. George Hooper, of the Sovereign Hotel, from Mr. Pentecost's seed wheat, which obtained the silver cup at the last agricultural show at Toowoomba. The wheat was the red variety, and weighed sixty-six pounds to the bushel, with an average of forty bushels to the acre. We understand that although there were no exhibits that could approach to Mr. Hooper's at Ipswich, that there will be some five or six shown at our next exhibition that will exceed it in weight, if not in average produce. THE Christmas Examination of the boys at the Private school conducted by the Rev. Thomas V. Alkin was concluded on the afternoon of Thursday last. The following is a list of prizeholders:— Scriptural History (the book of Judges, the first book of Samuel, and the Gospel according to St. Matthew)-W. B. Alford : presented by the Rev. F. C. Jagg. English Language, Grammar, and Analysis— H. T. Smith : presented by the Rev. F. C. Jagg. Arithmetic, Commercial and Theoretical — H. T. Smith and L. Towner. Latin Translation and Composition— W. B. Alford and E. Marlay. Writing— W. B. Alford and W. Palmer. Least times "filed" (equivalent to good conduct)— W. B. Alford and F. Palmer. Geometry (part of Euclid V)— No prize : H. T. Smith and C. White honor- ably mentioned. REPORT OF PATIENTS IN TOOWOOMBA HOSPITAL for the week ending December 18th, 1868 :— M. F. In Hospital lart report ... 21 3 Since admitted ............. 3 0 Discharged ............ 3 0 Remaining in hospital .......... 21 3 Receiving out-door medical relief, 6 adults. Dr. Callan will be the visiting surgeon for the next week. The Hospital Committee have to thank Mrs. W. H. Groom for a bundle of old linen. ON Thursday afternoon a stranger came in from the bush to the Sovereign Hotel, and wished to dispose of a spare horse on very satisfactory terms, that is, he was prepared to sell a horse worth ten or fifteen pounds for four or five, he was not par- tioular; a purchaser was soon found at the price; but in drawing up the receipt it was found that one of the brands corresponded with that of Mr. Hous- ton, of Drayton. On enquiry, it was found that the horse belonged to that gentleman, and on his arrival in Toowoomba it was very quietly handed over to him, and the four pounds returned to the intending purchaser. We think the fellow may eonsider himself lucky that he did not form the acquaintance of the police. ALTHOUGH we have some five or six Justices of the Peace in the immediate neighbourhood, it is very seldom thut the bench is occupied by any other than the Police Magistrate. This neglect of duty not only deprives the P.M. of assistance in cases of difficulty, but almost amounts to an act of discourtesy to that gentleman. ON Wednesday afternoon the dry weather which has prevailed for the last two months was broken np by one of the heaviest thunderstorms we have expe- rienced during the year. The storm commenced about half past four o'clock, and was accompanied by a very strong wind, which did cpnsiderable injury amongst the fruit gardens. The rain was very heavy during the whole of the night, and continued until nearly mid-day on Thursday, so that we think our farms and gardens must have received a very whole- some refresher. 