vicrrouiA. The Warmambool Examiner mentions that Mother examination took place nn Thnrsday tnorniug, at Belfiist, before the police magis- | trtte, iu the case of Mrs. Lloyd, charged with ! the murder of her husband, It appears that a furmil oommitta] fay the Bench was required l-y the Government. The trial will take place M the Circuit Conrt at Belfast, in July. I ? -OWB of the m-Wt dial.rojutinir KrviHfntR flint, liua iteenrred in this port for several years past took BJMe on Saturday last, and resulted in the loss WjiygJivea. Between 6 and 7 o'clock in the £_ liwnffiig, a party ounsistiug of Mr. E. N. Con ^b WU, a fUewius*, liw two sous, aged six and fHHBfcat jna,' « to*n named Robert Lancaster amT: ihs *a« in Oonradi'fl employ), and Mr. C. E. mfa JWr, ? Chunk «f Englaiid schoolnuster, left ^mmiitl&awnin; a large decked boat, theClutha, H*m MMtMHW two or three miles down the Bay 'jlJKIjfc^te »itHi Mgw -dl day from the north; MaaMaaaWtBllSy^i^li^»ott. Obeerviog ^^|^^^KP*9*tf'M, but eoutf uee uath mg oilier. Of cbitrse the griateift iaifmy was felt at Williamstown on gsfiirday night wheu it was known (ftat the party had not returned. The police were out during the mght and on Sunday morniugannuiber ofboats left Williams towu in search of the missing craft. Abuub tUiee o'clock in the afternoon a boat belonging to the pilot service came upon the end of a gall which was projecting a. toot or so out of the water, uear the spot where. Elliott last saw the Clutha.. Assistance was ubuined from the other boats, and the gaff was raised sufficiently high to see the mainsail underneath. As it would be useless t.i attempt raising the wreck without the neces sary appliances, buoys were set near the spot, and the boats returned to Williamstown with the intention of resuming work to-day, should tiie weatuer prove tavourame. me uiuuia was a good strong buat of ten tons burthen, carrying three tons of iron ballast, and both ilr. Conradi and his men were expert boatmen. It is sup jHised that she was suddenly struck with a squall and tilled before she had time to right, the great weight in her bottom drawing her down. Messrs. Oouradi and Percy were both highly respected jmd well-known at Williaiustow n, where they had lived many years. — Melbourne Age. A vlry cowardly attempt at murder was made on Friday f.nt at Wangaratta, when a ruf fian, known as ' (Jerman Charley,' stabbed a oinr;ule named William D'Douald, as he lay d-wn to ?!cep. The two men had beeu driuk iug togellur Ju;iii5 the day, and, as usual, quarrelled towards evening. Soon after their dispute, M'DoikiIJ threw himself down upon his face to sleep, and then Charley stabbed him in the small of the back with a largo pocket kuile. A iiiiiu named f jandlor arrested Charley, ?iiid tied liim up while he went to inform the police, but the crimiiKil slipped his bonds, and escaped to the bu.ih before his cantor relumed. -Aiy»*. K svccESFVf, attempt to swindle tho Com iniTcinl Bank of Australia was made on the tsth instant. On tliat ibiy (the Argus states; a man having the appearance of a merchiuit's clerk went into i be hc;id office, ami presented for iiaymeut a cheque for jt'5(). It purported to be .-igned by James Patter, seemed iicrfectly ponuiiu', and was accordingly honored. After the lapse .if «ionie ten days, however, the dis covery was made that the document was a fingery. Shcu-kin-; Death in tiih BfSH.— The fol lowing sad narrative is given in the J'atfural Time-' of .Saturday :— Oil (Sunday, the 31st Janu ary, Messrs. Peppin's (of Wanganella) overseer left the Gall Gall Range Station for Manfred iforty mile-) to procure meat, ifec. ; when in the Mallec, about nine miles from the station, he met a man sitting down. He got up and asked the overseer how far it was to Mr. Peppin's stating and the answer was 'nine miles.' The overseer thus writes: — ''The wanderer then asked ii I had any water, and 1 gave him what 1 ha«l. He said he would reach all right. On urrivjng at Manfred I learned tluit he would not Mke anything to eat or drink with him when leaving tlwrc. I left as soon as I could get some niL-at on Monday evening, and took water and food with me, iu case the man was btill on the mad. Another man had also started. I came up with lum about 3 in the morning ; he was lying not far from where I first passed him. He said that afttr I left him he started to go on, but found he could uot walk, and thought some illness had come over him. As he could not go on I gave him what I had to eat and drink ; but ho ci'i'.'.i ;iut get on my horse; so I returned home and took out the cart and brought him in. We yave him broth and gruel, and lie at firi-t seemed better, but then gradually worse, but he did not thiiili ;hesaid;be would die. Ou Wed nesday I told him I thought he would die, as lie appeared to be getting much weaker. On 'Xliuiaduy 1 had to feed him with a spoon, and when away my wife attended to him ; but with all our care he died on Friday morning about half-past 2. I reported to the Pooncaira police, and have buried him. I find that he was a native of Liverpool (near London), and that he wsk baptised uu June 30th, 1809, at Christ Cl.urcli, Liverpool. His name was Richard Lyne. I have written to his friends at home, and I will send them some papers and a watch, -fcc, left, which he wished me to do. The man had been lying about the road, it seems, nine iLys, and only for the showers he must have I wished sooner. He should have been able tu travel forty miles with tlie showers he had with out any difficulty.' A Sad Case. — A distressing circumstance (says the Age) occurred on Sunday week, near St. Leonards. Mrs. Lloyd, wife of the Post master of that district, went with her four chiIdren to visit a friend about two miles distant. While there the children were allowed to go out to amuse themselves. After a while three of them only returned. They stated that their brother James Robert had wandered away and they could not tind him. Mr. Lloyd in the tveniiig, as.si.sU-d by several neighbours, insti- j luu-il a search. To a late hour in the night the search was kept up, but without finding (he lost child. Towards morning Mr. Lloyd, accom panied by Mr. Thwaites, discovered the track of losit boy. The track led to a shallow waterhole about twelve feet square, in which the dead body of the child was found. Although only a litlle over two years old, he had wandered about five miles, sonte parts of the distance being through long grass and ferns. Oni': of the most destructive bush-fires that have occurred for some time took place on Saturday and Sunday at BullarooL The Jiallamt titar reports the particulars of the principal losses as collected by a visit to the place. Thus it appears that ' the farm of Mr. Kinivau had been partly crossed by fire, which he suspected had originated in the paddock of a neighbour who had been burning stubble, and that he had met with a severe loss, stated bv himself to be over £250. The fire proceeded alonjc a lot of fencing, clearing it away, and entered the enclosure iu which he had a small stack of hay. This caught and was totally con sumed, the flames also catching and burning down a stable and a barn, with a lot of farm implements of considerable value. Proceeding from Mount Warrenheip into the forest, in the direction of Cochrane's mill, at a place which I is pretty well known as ' Everard's,' we came upon a scene of destruction which would hardly be credited except by those who saw it. The whole farm of Mr. John CarrolL with the ex ception of a corner on which he, happily, has his dwelling-house, wa& black from the ground, j which was as bare as a well-6wept roadway, to a height of forty or fifty feet up the trunks of iuc bices wiucu grew very micniY 111 mat locality. Mr. Carroll could not give theamountof his loss, but besides his storehouse and fencing he badfeK) bushels of wheat, 400 bushels of oats, and eleven or twelve tons of hay in his hayrick. Further into the forest, near Mr. Clark's mill, a considerable number of people were burnt out. with the exception of what they stood up in. In the township of Dean, situated between the Moorabool and Musk Creek, which joins the Devil's Creek, Mrs. Reedy bad crops to a considerable value burnt, together with a barn. Mr. Dorsey, living near to her, lost £200 worth of property. Mr. Shehan, also in the neighbourhood, lost between £150 and £180 Worth. We came across * Portuguese living there who bad oats that were in stack destroyed to the Value of over £100. Mr. Pain lost con siderably, and so did Mr. Blnnt, in fencing ; and Mr. Butterworth, who was burnt out com pletely, stated himaelf to be a loser to the amount of about £300. Mr. Gloucester, living on the DevilVCreek, lost everything he pos sessed,' 