NEWS AND NOTES, The weather, which liud been warm oven to sultri ness during most part of tlie week, changed on Thurs day evening, when the wind veered round to the southward, and the temperature was lowered several degrees. The sky was overcast for most part of the day, and a few drops of rain fell at intervals. A very severe thunderstorm, accompanied by a heavy fall of rain, took place at Clunes just before noon, and the weather, which previously had been exceedingly sultry and oppressive, became cool and agreeable. A good deal of excitement has been caused at Clunes and the surrounding locality by the revelations that nave ueeu maae relative to Mr Miller's conduct at the Land Office, and, should the report of the Lands Enquiry Committee be what is expected, there is very little doubt but that gentleman will be asked by his constituents to retire into private life, and not in future weary himself by making " proper representa tions." A reconciliation has been effected between Council lor Thompson, of Ballarat East, and Mr E. Charles worth, and from what we hear it is probable that matters will be settled to the satisfaction of all parties. There, was, doubtless, a great deal of haste iu what w?.s done from beginning to end of the proceedings on Monday evening, and it is best that they should be allowed to be forgotten. It has been admitted by all, we believe, with a good deal of truth, that a better town-clerk than Mr Charlesworth could not be found. It is probable that a special meeting will be called to bring about a settlement. Councillor Thompson, we believe, is very zealous in his exertions for Mr Charles worth's reinstatement. We wonder if the present Attorney-General is more neat in his habits than the honorable gentleman who preceded him, for if he is, we should like to bring under his notice the extremely dilapidated appearance of the Police-courts, both at Ballarat East and West. The matting has been torn into so many holes that there is more floor to be seen than matting; and as for the seats provided, the stuffing has become so de- fective lately that cautious lawyers have to make a careful inspection before sitting down, in order to en- sure themselves against sitting in extremely dirty horsehair. Something should be done to make the courts look respectable. William Harris, some time of the firm of Windover and Harris, who became insolvent some days ago, was arrested on Wednesday last on the charge of conceal- ing some jewellery with intent to defraud his credi- tors. He was, however, on the same day bailed out, and when called upon on Thursday at the District Court did not appear. A warrant has been issued for his apprehension. The lion, member for Collingwood—Mr Everard— ou Wednesday night presented a monster petition, signed by upwards of 8000 working-men, praying that the Legislature would take measures to constitute eight hours a legal day's work in Victoria, and to pro vide that the eight-hour system should be carried out on all the public works of the colony. The petition was read, and ordered to lie on the table. The Legislative Council, in n sitting of five hours' duration, on Wednesday, dealt with nineteen clauses of the Land Bill. A good deal of discussion was pro duced by a proposal which was made by Mr Anderson that one of the conditions to be imposed upon the licensee should be that he plant forest trees upon that portion of his land fronting the public road. This was ultimately agreed to. The proviso requiring an applicant for a license to make a declaration on oath that he had not violated any of the provisions of the act, was struck, out. At ten o'clock progress was re ported, and leave given to sit again on Wednesday, to which day the House adjourned. The tenth annual show of the Glendaruel, Beck worth, and Clunes Agricultural Association, held on 4th November, was a great success, being in every respect the finest which, has taken place at Clunes. The receipts at the gates amounted to £62. Suitors and legal practitioners are reminded that to-day is the last day under the new County Court rules for issuing summonses for the 24tli instant. Summonses to obtain judgment by default can, how ever, be issued at any time. The little book published by the Government contains full explanation of necessary proceedings, and should have its place in the counting-house of every man of business. The Ballarat East Public Library has received an addition of nearly one hundred volumes—a miscella neous collection of works in the Swedish tongue— presented by Mr Tuxen and others. This is to form the nucleus of a collection for the use of the Scandi navian residents of Ballarat. The death of Michael Lynch, through an accident at the Park Gold Mining Company's claim, was the subject of an inquest held by the district coroner yesterday. The jury found that the deceased died from injuries received through his head being caught between the cage and cap-piece of the chamber. They had 110 evidence before them to show, however, who or what made the engine-driver cause the cage to ascend at the time the accident took place. A report of the inquest will be found in another column. It is to the credit of Mr M'Kean's endeavors to substitute local and responsible action for the irre sponsible expression of will by the Minister of Lands, in respect to the applications made under the 42nd clause of the Land Bill, that the first attempt to put the new plan into operation has proved successful. The first " local board" sat at Maldon on Wednesday, and the following telegram has been received from Mr C. Hodgkinson, Assistant-Commissioner of Lands and Survey:—" I am much pleased in informing you (Mr M'Kean) that at the first meeting of a local board, as constituted by you, the numerous cases to be dealt with were satisfactorily disposed of." " Local boards" will sit at Maryborough to-day, and Talbot to-morrow. We understand that Mr Ferguson has received the official notification of his appointment as curator of the Botanical Gardens and Inspector of State Forests, and has already entered upon the duties of his posi tion. Dr Von Mueller still retains his office of Govern ment botanist, and has control of the "class" reserves and botanical collections. The entries for the Stneaton Agricultural Show are even now most numerous, and, judging by all appear ances, the display next Thursday and Friday will be superior to anything heretofore seen in the Creswick district. During the debate on Mr Higinbotham's resolutions in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, Mr Fran cis, in reference to some remarks by Mr Langton, denied that any member of the M'Culloch Adminis tration had anything to do with the celebrated des patch of Sir Charles Darling which reflected on the private character of a number of the Executive Coun cillors. None of them knew anything about it until after it was received in England. The debate on Mr Higinbotham's resolutions was resumed on Wednesday night, in the Legislative Assembly, by Mr Duffy, who, in a well-argued speech, refuted the propositions put forward by the lion, member for Brighton. The debate, however, was an extremely tame one, and, after Messrs Casey, Langton —who moved the amendments of which he gave notice on the previous evening—Berry, G. Y. Smith, Francis, M'Lellan, and M'Bain, had addressed the House, the debate, on the motion of Dr Macartney, was postponed until Wednesday next. The Argus says:—" A large portion of the time of the Legislative Assembly was literally wasted on Wednesday over one of the greatest legislative shams that ever disgraced' a deliberative assembly. The Eight Hours Labor Bill was read a second time, and after some discussion was, with amendments, passed through committee. It really means nothing, and supposing it become law, leaves everything just as it was before. It merely provides that eight hours shall be a legal day's work in any action at law, pro viding there be no agreement to the contrary; so that the whole thing will, as it is at present, be' still a matter of arrangement between the employer and employed. Mr Aspinall, in strong terms, denounced the attempt to hoodwink the working men, and accused the House of treating them as children and as fools." The Telegraph. Enquiry Commission resumed its sittings ou Wednesday, but without bringing their labors-ito a conclusion. Says the-dr/c:—"Numerous witnesses were examined, most of them being officials in the department, the only two witnesses not belong ing to the office being Mr Iviug, in the employ of Mr G. Nicholson, Swanston street, and Mr Newstettlc, in the employ of Messrs Greville and Co. After a length ened and searching enquiry, during which the board was unable to tracc the alleged oll'enee to any parti cular person, the members were compelled to adjourn the enquiry for a short period, in consequence o£ one of the members (Mr Ellery) having to leave Melbourne for Twofold Bay ou Thursday morning, and not being able to return for at least ten days, it was considered this would be a good opportunity for making further enquiries. The enquiry accordingly stands adjourned for at least ten days, until Mr Ellery's return. It is generally understood, however, that the report of the commission will necessitate some sweeping reforms in the Telegraph department." Mr T. Mathews, of Ballarat, left that tmVn on Tues" day last, at 5 a.m., on a bioycle, and arrived in Gee" long—a distance of 5G miles—at 5 p.m. the same day, including a stoppage of three hours on the road. The feat is the more noticeable as, in consequence of the late heavy rains, the road was almost impassable in places. The party borlug for coal at Capo Grant, in the Western District, have now reached a depth of 38 feefc. They have passed through the red substance similar in appearance to raddle, which forms such a prominent feature all round the bay. They then passed through a bed of clay of a quality superior to any hitherto seen in the district. Underlying this, and at the depth they have now reached, they have come \ipoti a bed of bastard limestone. Commenting ou the late " arbitrary method of con ducting business in the Lands Department," the Gipps Land Times gives the particulars of a case where a selector " in all probability, would have fallen a vic tim to the ' proper representation' dodge of some laud-office informer, had not the silCtSessidii to office of the indomitable Mr M'Kean Bpoilt the nefarious trade of the parliamentary land agent, and put an effectual stopper on the secret influence of the back staircase. A ' fair field and no favor' system of administering the land laws is wanted here, we believe, more than in any other district in the Colony, to dispel the dis heartening feeling of doubt and uncertainty to which the agricultural tenants of the Crown have so long been subjected, and under which their efforts have been crippled and their energies dumped, until suc cessful land occupation has come to be looked upon as a precarious speculation, spite of the richness of the soil, and the many advantages of climate;" Mr W. G. Weavers "a true disciple of old Izaack Walton, and born on the banks of the Wye," has "no hesitation in saying that the salmon smolts now on exhibition at the Hobart Town Museum are the true salmon smolt, about fifteen or sixteen months old, and have migrated to the saltwater this spring." In a letter to the editor of the Mercury he suggests that one of the smolts be sent to England by the next mail, as a means of affording an opportunity of finally settling the question whether the recent captures are evidence of the acclimatisation and estab lishment of the salmon in Tasmania. In England, Mr Weaver suggests, that the opinion of eminent men like Mr Frank Buckland can be taken, and the point settled conclusively. The Mercury adopts the suggestion, and warmly urges that one smolt bo hermetically sealed and sclit to Mr Buckland, " with Tasmania's compliments and thanks," whilst " the other smolt we will keep amongst us, the lasting memorial of the early stages of our grand enterprise, to put to shame the doubters of to-day, when this noble fish glistens in its silvery lustre in the hands of the sportsman, and constitutes one of the ordinary delicacies of our table." In a subsequent issue of the Mcrairy, " An Old Trout Fisher " urges that for the satisfaction of the most sceptical, " one of the smolts be sent home for the inspection of Mr F. Buckland, particularly as there is some difficulty in distinguish ing between a smolt of ten (10) inches long and a white (salmon) trou1; of the same size. Each species of the trout has teeth on each jaw as well as on its tongue, consequently the salmon is not the only one of the genus that possess them, vide the different species at the Salmon Ponds. I can speak from some experi ence, being an old practical fiyfisher, having for a period over twelve years fished the rivers Shannon, Suir, Lee, Blackwater, and King's River in Ireland, as well as several streams in Scotland and Wales." We (Age) are happy to state that the case of typhus fever, which was alleged to have been discovered in the Melbourne Hospital, proves to be of a very mild character. Dr M'Crea, who examined the patient on Wednesday morning, did not consider there was any necessity for isolating the case, and the womau accord ingly remains in the hospital, and ia progressing very favorably towards recovery. A second case of typhus fever, or what is believed to be such, has presented j itself in Qeelong. The patient is a male passenger by the Great Britain, and was taken to the Geelong Hospital on Wednesday afternoon. Dr Keid examined him, and found the maculca and other symptoms of typhus fever, and expressed himself as almost certain that the disease was really that malady. The patient was subsequently removed to a detached cottage under the supervision of the police, and he is to be kept strictly isolated. We may add, that Dr Walshe, the local health officer, after examining the patient, agreed with Dr Reid's opinion. With reference to the lunatic Angel EdwardB, ordered by the Piggoreet bench, on Wednesday, to be forwarded to the Melbourne Lunatic Asylum, a Pit field correspondent sends us the following particulars: —Police constable Allen, of Pitfield, on Wednesday, discovered, near the township, lying with his face to the burning suu, a poor fellow who gave his name as Angel Edwards. He said he was thirty-five years of age, and had been travelling, about the colony from station to station for many years. From the state ments ho made to the constable, it appeared that he was laboring under the delusion that a lady-had bequeathed him some property of which he was in search. Seeing a stone lying in his path he insisted on placing it erect as a monument of his visit to Pitfield. Hearing the cry of a bird, he said it was the one which had guided him. from Albury. He was examined by Drs Foster and Hoskins, at Piggoreet, and ordered to be forwarded' to' the Yarra Bend on their certificate that he was insane. The new "Freehold Bank," or land and agency office of Messrs J. Oddie and Co., at the corner of Dana and Armstrong streets, is now all but com- pleted, and a few days more will see the edifice ready for occupation. This structure, which is plain and massive, is an elegant design in Grecian Ionic, by Mr Terry, the architect of nearly all the banks in Ballarat, and this new addition will fitly rank with the other handsome banks of the town. It has a frontage of 43 feet to Dana street, by 94 feet to Armstrong street, with an elevation of 40 feet; the materials being brick, cemented, on a bluestone base. The public office occu- pies the ground-floor corner, and.measures 38 feet by 24½ feet, with a height of 16 feet. It has a strong room attached, and is elegantly fitted up with the usual bank fittings, and the floor is laid in white and black marble. Most of the ground-floor passages are similarly laid, including the floor of a pretty conser vatory, which measures 41 feet by 15, with a height of 15 feet. In the centre of the conservatory is an oval basin pierced for a fountain. It is intended that the basin shall be filled with earth, and planted with fems and other plants. Access is had from the public office to all other parts of the building, and the private entrance is from Armstrong street, there being fifteen rooms altogether, exclusive of the public office and kitchen offices. The strong-room measures 8 feet 8 inches, by 7 feet, is arched and fire proof. The kitchen, which is 16 feet by 14 feet, is not less than 20 feet high. It has the usual stove ap- paratus, and hot and cold water-pipes supply water to the bath-room and laundry. A breakfast-room looks into the conservatory, and both will be luxurious re treats in hot weather. The dining-room measures 171 feet by 144 feet. The private-entrance hall measures 2-3 feet by 8.} feet. A wide and handsome staircase communicates with the upper floor, which contains a commodious suite of domestic apartments, all very handsomely finished. The staircase lands in a corridor measuring IS feet by 7 feet, and approached by an enriched archway. The drawing-room, over the public office, commands extensive and animated views, prin cipally of urban life, and the fittings are in keeping with the general character of the building. This room measures 25 feet by 23 feet, and is fitted with a handsome massive marble chimney-piece and elegant grate. The principal bed-room adjoins, and measures 25 feet by 15.} feet. The bath-room is one of the best we have lately seen. It is nearly square, measuring 15.} feet by 14.j feet, and contains the usual con veniences for hot and cold baths, a folding panel to close when the shower is used, so as to keep the floor dry, and a fireplace adds to the luxury of this room, so convenient, and indeed necessary, to the higher sanitary wants of the climate. The first-floor rooms are 15 feet high, and all the principal rooms on both floors have enriched cornices and handsome centre chandelier pieces, the cornice mouldings running with ventilat ing lines, which communicate with gratings and air passages that afford ample ventilation to all the apart ments. A wrought-iron balcony is attached to each second-floor window. The private entrance door is lined with iron, and the entrance to the public office has sliding doors, heavily coated with iron, lobby fit tings screening the inner office from the dust and wind. The cost of the works is given at £5000. Messrs Irving, Glover, and Co. were the chief contractors, and had the carpentry and most of the joinery in their hands, the public office fittings being supplied by Messrs Murray and Hill, of Melbourne. Mr Johnson had the brick and stone work and. paving, Mr Parnell the plastering, Mr Robson the painting and glazing, Messrs Powrie ancl Ramsay the plumbing and slating, and Mr Retallack, of Lyons street, the iron girders and balcony palisades. Mr Pickering, is the clerk of works. The South Melbourne Cricket Club's challenge has been accepted by the Ballarat Club, and a match has been arranged to come off on the Eastern Oval on the Prince o£ Wales' Birthday, wickets to be pitched as soon after ten o'clock as possible. The Ballarat eleven are Messrs Sweeney (captain), Morres, W. H. Figgis, Cazaly, Hirst, Gay, Scates, Cox, O'Neill, and Huddle stone. The names of the Melbourne players have not yet transpired. It is likely to be a good match, for the seaside players comprise some crack men. The Ballarat Cricket Club's day's sports on Wed nesday nest will be under the patronage of Colonel Anderson and the volunteer stall'. All the events have been re-opened for fresh entries, aud will be kept open till Saturday night. A new event has also been added to the programme. This is a volunteer's han dicap race, 150 yards, post entry, so that any volun teers present at the review on the 0th will be in time for entry. Says the Daylesford paper:—" It is time the coun cil applied for a timber reserve for the use of the town. We are informed that so lat-ge is the area taken up under the -12nd clause that ere long the wood-carters will havo to go from three to four miles for fuel, and it will be enhanced at least sixpence per ton to the consumer; in fact, the price will increase every year with the distance that has to be traversed by the dealers in firewood. Considering the severity of the climate hero in winter, it is of the first importance to the householder that he should be enabled to pur chase fuel at a reasonable rate. Holders of land under the -12nd clause compel the wood-carter either to pay so much per load for all the timber he removes from their allotments or to grub up the stumps. The latter operation, of course, makes it necessary to charge a proportionate sum for the fuel." Although the country has but recently been visited with heavy rains (says the M. A. Mail of Thursday), the effect of a few days of dry weather is made visible in the heavily-timbered country by the bush-fires which have broken out. At Mount Macedon and several other prominent hills the timber was yester day burning fiercely. Tuesday next, the Prince of Wales' birthdaj', lias been proclaimed a holiday by the mayors o£ Ballarat and Ballarat East. The review on that day promises to be a very imposing afi'air, although neither the Go vernor nor General Chute will be present, as expected. The former has to attend the dinner given by the new mayor of .Melbourne on that day, and the latter, it appears, has a prior engagement; which will pre clude his attendance at tile review, The following programme will be performed this evening in the Music Garden, Sturt street, by the band of the 1st B.Y.R.:—No. 1. March, "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall;" 2. "Waltz, "The Guards" (D. Godfrey); 3. Quick-step, "Truth aiul Beauty" (G. Jones)s 4. "The Cliougll and Crow" (Bishop); 5. Quadrilles, " The Knight of St. Patrick" (D. Godfrey); C. Anthem, " I was glad" (from 122nd psalm— Chapel); 7. Galop, "The Mabel" (D. Godfrey). A meeting of master bakers was held at the Union hotel last night, when it was unanimously agreed that Tuesday next should be kept as a holiday, and that a double supply of bread should be delivered on Mon day to the customers.. The public are requested by the master bakers to give iii orders for extra bread no later than Saturday afternoon. The exceedingly partial nature of the last rains has become one of the most singular features in connection with them. Thursday's Pleasant Creek Ncivs says :— "North from Pleasaut Creek to Asbfeiis, or for a dis tance of about thirty rdites, the rains fell very gene rally, and the crops for that extent as well as on the Richardson River, look splendid, they being just saved from destruction, and so opportunely that the growth does not appear to have been checked in any way. From Ashens, however^ still northward, to and around Horsham, the appcAranCe of the country and the crops can only be described as miserable. Of grass there is none, while the major number of paddocks will not be worth harvesting. Again; yet further north, the rain fell plenteously, and good feed as Well as a good wool-harvest) is expected by the squatters. It is almost impossible to say what farmers or squatters will do within that large area where the drought has continued; one tiling is certain, the sheep canuot be fed upon it, and either travelling or a wholesale slaughter must be immediately resorted to." The Bible Christian bazaar was continued last evening at the Alfred Hall, and was attended by a large number of persons; a considerable amount of business being transacted, if we might judge from the bustling appearance about the stalls and lottery boxes. The amount taken on the opening was £83, and last evening about £200. The Fine Arts Concerts have been rather thinly attended during the week, but last evening there was a marked increase in the audience, and the programme was gone through with much more life and energy in consequence. The programme of last evening, in ad dition to other favorite pieces, included "Beautiful Birds," " Beware," and " Father, come home," the last of which was loudly applauded. A most attrac tive programme is announced for the concert,this evening, when the Carandini Company will make their last appearance but one. On this occasion they will be assisted by Messrs Peter Cazaly and S. Lamble; and the lovers of good music will be afforded a great treat in Locke's celebrated music to Macbeth, and selections from the Bohemian Girl, in addition to the usual well selected programme. The Theatre Royal was well attended last night, when "Weston and Hussey's Company went through their laughable entertainment, with as much spirit as ever. Mr Kelly waa absent from some unexplained cause. 