A VISIT TO GLEN PARA SAW-MILLS. Among the many new soun-cs uf tinfiuyuient " to which the extension of our railway lines haB l given rise, must be numbered timber cutting. Forest after forest has been laid under contribution to furnish sleepers for the permanent way; hundreds of centenarian gums have ceased to lift their leafy forms skywards, and hundreds of others have been disfigured by the fatal ring-mark which bespeaks them candidates for a speedy destruction. The pride of the woods are being laid low, and their branches, which now bestrew the ground in all directions, will form splendid fodder for future bush-fires. With their removal one step towards clearing the land for more profitable occupation will have been made, but the ungrubbed stumps still remain a serious impediment to the operations of agriculture. In the meanwhile, in the various processes of felling, cutting, and carrying the sleepers, work is provided for scores of labourers, who might otherwise have found it a difficult task at this season of the year, and especially in the slack season which has just closed, to procure engagement. Of aU the contracts as yet taken for the supply of timber for the new railway lines the most extensive is that of Messrs. J. & B. Rounsevell, for the Northern Extension to the Burra. This has to do with nearly fifty miles of line, and includes no less than 115,009 sleepers, all of which require to be of sound and solid red gum, nine feet in length by nine inches wide by four and a half deep. The number allowed for each mile is 2,116, so that fifty miles will absorb the greater part of the supply, the balance being available for sidings and stations. Some idea may be gained of the depopulation which the woods must undergo to furnish the enormous quantity comprehended in the agreement, when it is borne in mind that but few trees yield more than one length of nine feet, and that from ten to twenty sleepers is the ordinary produce of one' log. Before the contract can bie satisfied from 7,000 to 8,d00 patriarchal gums must succumb to the relentless Eaw of the woodman. The forests which are to be thus devastated lie to the eastward of Williamstowa, onwards through the Glen Para estate, not far from Mount I Crawford. For many weeks the thinning process has been in progress, and as yet only 20,000 out of the total of 115.000 have been conveyed by way of I Gawler to Roseworthy, en route to Forresters, where the first of them are to be laid down. The felling of the trees and the cutting of them into lengths is all done by piece-work. The nine-feet logs weighing, in some instances, three or four tons, are then swung under huge-wheeled uncouth timber carriages, asd brought to the saw mills or saw - pits ready to undergo the final manipulation. No less than 120 oxen are employed by the Messrs. Rounsevell in this service, and so exhausting is the work that it is found impossible to keep a t£am in constant employment for more than three weeks without reducing their condition to such a low point that it becomes the best economy to sell them and procure others in their stead. There are about 120 horses engaged, chiefly in conveying the sawn wood to Gawler, and the stafl'of men all told is very - little, if any, less than 300. Of these some 40 pair are pit-sawyers, 80 or thereabouts have to do with the three mills, and the rest are occupied in felling the trees, preparing the logs, carting them in. and carrying away the sleepers. The contract, which at the first was taken for £24,000, has been in hand for some weeks, but it has only been within the last few days that arrangements have been completed for turning out the blocks with something like the rapidity requisite for so gigantic an undertaking. It was utterly out of the question to rely upon pitmen to supply the demand, and consequently at convenient situations steam-mills have been erected with a capacity to finish off 300 or 400 a day, independent of the daily average of the hand sawyers. The Messrs. Rounsevell having got their works into proper going order correctly judged that it would be a treat to their friends to spend a leisure day in visiting them, and in inspecting at the same time the well-known Glen Para estate, which not long since was purchased by Mr. Wm. Rounsevell from Mr. David Randall for the handsome sum of £15,000. For this inspection they fixed upon Saturday, April 24. Unfortunately, at daybreak threatening clouds obscured the western horizon; and the 7 o'clock Northern train set out for Gawler with only about half the invited guests on board. These, however, included the Hon. J. Colton (Commissioner of Public Works), the Hon. T. English, Hon. T. Reynolda. Mr. W. Everard, M. P., Messrs. H. C. Mais (l£ngineer-in-Chief and General Manager of Railways), R. Patterson (Assistant Engineer). H. E. Downer, S.M.. J. Souttar, H. Turton, C. Fars» J. Pulsford, W. H. Elimcke, J. M. Sinclair, F. Reynolds, and others. At Gawler they were joined by the Hon. T. Hogarth, Messrs. J. Martin, J. Mitchell, and two or threS others. Outside, the station were omnibuses for tor 1 ' the ' accommodation • of the party, ^ - - each c o one u being drawn by four splendid horses. No time was nlost t i in taking passage in the conveyances, and the start was made just as the clouds were being swept awav i towards the east, and the sun was beginning to smne with all his autumnal cheerfulness. The road lay along the Lynloch Valley main line until reaching .. . ~ _ Sandy -—--- , Creek, - , — when : it - followed the Mount Crawford branch, passing within a couple of miles of the ¥atta Gold Diggings, the tents at which were distinctly visible, and then led through the small but prettily situated township of Wilhamstown. A mile beyond this and the course to Glen Para branched off from that to Mount Crawford, raid led almost due east through welltimbered country, showing ever and anon sisms of cultivation. About thirteen miles from Gawler and three from Williamstown we reached saw-mill number 1. constructed on the hank of the Victoria Creek, close by the wayside. This was the first stopping-place, and the programme had assigned a couple of hours to the complete examination of the works. Thus far the drive had been a thoroughly enjoyable one, and the road although soft towards tlio finish had been neither heavy nor disagreeable. The mill, which stands upon the property of Mr. Warren, known as Springfield, is a very simple ereotion, consisting of two large frames of four saws aniece, workinz vertically from a common shaft with a double crank. There is, therefore, no means of disconnecting them, or working only one crank at a time. The length of the saws is 7 feet 6, and the frames in this and the other mills vary in width from feet 6 to 5 feet 4. one of them hein» capable of taking in a log as mutil as 5 feet 8 inches w ide. The w^ole sear is set in motion by a 20 h.:rse engine, being none else than that he.cngiug to the Hon John Baker's celebrated steam-plough. Its maker was Kitson of Leeds, and it has been found a thoroughly serviceable article. 1 he water is supplied to a tank contiguous to the boiler by a three-quarterinch mam communicating with a spring about 150 yards from the mill. As the source is higher than the receiver there is not the least difficulty in keeping the stream constantly flowing. A second source of supply is the Victoria Creek, only a few yards oft; connected with which there is now a pumping apparatus and service of pipes, .available for use if required. The shaft, attached to stout beams elevated upon heavy piles of timber, is driven by the engine, which also works a three-foot circular saw. connected with the shaft by a distinct set of bands. In the frames the saws are kept apart from each other by gauges, and are fed by ratchet-wheels, which draw forward a movable frame, upon whiph the log to be cut rests. Fourteen oj these iogs, representing from 120 to 140 sleepers, may be cut in the mill daily. As soon as the frames have done theit work in slicing the blocks of timber into nine-inch planks, the planks ate cut up iuto sleepers by the circular saw. The saw-table is furnished with a guide to regulate the width of the sleeper, and with rollers and other requisites to enable the plank to he easily moved forward so as to feed the saw. The time occupied in thus cutting through one length varies from 30 to 49 seoonds The vertical frames have a stroke of about 20 inches, aud it is usual to cut a large and a small log at the same time, so as not to cause the great strain upon thg engine which the cutting of two large logs simultaneously would involve. The ironwork of the machinery was manufactured by Messrs. Ellis and Chittleborough, and has been found so far to work with the utmost regularity. The early hour at which the start from Adelaide had been made qualified the visitors to do amole justice to a light luncheon thoughtfully provided by Messrs. Rounsevell at this halting-place; nor was it the le s anpreciated because it had* to be partaken of alfresco during a slight fall of rain. At about half-past 12, whilst the old traction engine was valiantly puffing awav at full power, driving eight vertical and one circular saw at the same time, the party resumed their seats in the omnibiissep, and set off for the second mill, about five miles distant. The road was much rougher than that which had been previously traversed, bemg diversified by a few awkwardlidelingsTnd by several ugly gullies . After pro- : ml^ D r „ f 1" r > I ? ,les « th turned / — ^ OV6 few minutes were ^ r which a fine log of c , en?re ? as Jyng- T he surface exposed to view bore the appearance of unpolished mahogany, and seemed altogether too good for the service to which it was devoted. ! Indeed, the quality of the timber out of which the ! sleepers are cut excited general admiration. Half i 2, Constructed ^ S Ve^/e Sc1?e as No. 1. Like it, it his not yet h' en covered in, but it will be necessary before the wet seAson lias advanced much further to & N j < * « nominally, but capable of worWns unto at leltt 10 horse more. The flywheel L16 feet in diameter nd the drum with which the bands are connected p at least seven feet. The boiler is 25 feet long by j ai »ioe. sud communicates with an iron chimney 15<i | feet high. The water used has to be carted I a distant of a quarter uuarter of a mile; mile: of fuel there is an abundant quantity, even the sawdust lieing utilized to feed the fire. The sleepers here were being loaded into a wa$on as they were cut. and the workmen were going through their several duties with the greatest promptitude. The engine and machinery too were working with peculiar smoothness. Near by was situated a neat litt le cubin of wattle and dab, which, ere the visitors left, yielded up its store of creature comforts; and not far off were the stockyards, of dimensions sufficient to accommodate more than 100 horses, besides an indefinite number of bullocks. The Messrs. Rounsevell devoted themselves unreservedly to the task of explainmg everything that needed explanation, and, so far as the Glen Para estate was concerned, were well assisted by Messrs. D. and W. Randall, who here joined the party. Mr. J. Murray having accompanied it from the No. 1 Mill. ^ A mile beyond No. 2 mil 1 , but in the same section, is No. 3. This is by far the most complete of the lot, having been in working order for several weeks. It is under the superintendence of Mr* Nutt, contractor for supplying the sleepers for the Strathalbyn and Middleton Line, whose tender for the Northern Extension was only £1.000 above the successful offer. He has taken the entire management of this mill, finding his own men, and engaging to supply a certain quantity of sleepers. The immense number of spoil heaps of sawn timber surrounding the compact, well-covered erection in which his operations are conducted, shows what good use has been made of the seven or eight weeks which have elapsed since the machinery was first put up. The engine here is of much the same power and form as that at No. 2. Attached to it is a pumping- apparatus, but this is not yet available, the water having to be brought a distance of a mile or two. Here there are two huge frames in constant use, fitted with ratchets, and in thorough working form. The circular-saw table is very substantial, and provision is made for hoisting the planks on to it, and running them forward on a small trussel with wheels fitting into a tramway, so as to meet the teeth of the saw. The men here seemed all experienced hands, and went through their allotted work in capital style. This mill is j situated in the very heart of the estate, and commands a reach of forest extending a m i' e and a half on one side, and two and a half on the other. The' timber „ cut up when green, and even in this state is trial enough for the saws, which would last no time if bound to operate upon dry logs. It may be mentioned that the 120 horses and 17 waggons which form part of the contractors' plant are able to cart off 1,000 sleepers daily—a considerable greater number than the necessities of the case demand. The party having closed their inspections, preceded by Mr. Randall set out for Glen Para House. The approach is first of all through a long avenue of gum-trees, and then over a winding carriagedrive, skirted by rows of vines and familiar English trees, which have thriven well in the cool climate of these elevated regions. The view from the house itself—a large one-storey building of stone, with a wing to the eastward, forming a magnificent drawing-room, provided with a handsome bow-window facing south—is a most pleasing one. The slope of the hill in front of the residence is occupied by flowering shrubs and ornamental and fruit-trees, whilst beyond is a well-wooded and well-grassed expanse of land not yet brought under cultivation. East, west, and north are vineyards, covering hill and vale to the extent of about 50 acres. In a delightsome spot like this absence from society might easily cease to prove a source of regret, and seclusion have with it an unspeakable charm; there, far away from the centre of civilization, deeply enclosed in the "darkling woods," a spot lovejy by nature has through the industry of man, guided by good taste and excellent judgment, been made yet more lovely, and will with the progress of years become lovelier still. After the visitors had enjoyed the prospect to their hearts' content, had admired the elegant manner in which the verandah had been adorned with vine branches of clusters of grapes, and had" spent a few minutes in the drawing-room in the company of the ladies, luncheon was announced. This had been laid out by Mr. Hines. jun., in his very best style, and included substantiate and delicacies enough to gratify the most advanced epicure. Wines, foreign and colonial, were supplied without stmt, the latter including some of Mr. Randall's choicest kinds, both of white and red. Mr. J. Rounsevell occupied the chair, and Mr. B. Rounsevell the vice-chair; and the company that sat down to table was a merry one. The first toast proposed was "The Queen, which was drunk with cheers, the ladies giving the National Anthem. The Hon. J. COLTON gave " The Health of Mr. John RounsevelL" It was an exceedingly happy thought on his part to suggest a trip as this, for it „„„„,,„„: had afforded f „ a number „„ . „ . of ,. Adelaide — r —— gentlemen an -- and $ ^ « „„IP„ of the —, ^Messrs. Bounse- •V"-"-- r ^L v 1 ® J^08^1'^- . and alsn with T he y fr.hp were aumnhinna pleased an+nvta;,,- with the H 60 ,T Ith the sumptuous entertain- ^t/™ vl o ded ,f 0r f th ? m - < Che , era -> They had also f f ss of co J onlal wine-(Hear, hear)-manufactured by a wntleman whohad long wi, th 4 e ,,f 0 ? riet0r v ,f «len Panu They had in ^"^^vf^lV 1 Ornate admirably adapted for thegrowthof the vine, and lie hoped the industry of winemaking would be largely developed, and that an article of as good a quality as they had drunk that day would be produced generally amongst them to supply the large demand which would then arise for it. (Hear, hear.) Drunk with cheers. Mr. J. ROUNSEVELL, in response, said this acknowledgment on the part of the company was quite unexpected. He had asked his friends, and especially those connected with the building trade, to come out to this part of the country in order that they might see the kind of timber it was capable of produoing, and the nature of the country generally. He was sorry that nearly half of those he had expected had kept away, no doubt through the inclemency of the weather. (Hear, hear.) . Mr. D. RANDALL briefly alluded to the great interest he felt in the manufacture of colonial wine, and the efforts he had made to produce a good article. He mentioned with regard to a red wine which had been handed round—and had been generally admired as being a full bodied wine with a decided port flavour, and a very agreeable arema —that it wis seven years old; that it had been made entirely from the carbinet grape, and had heen highly commended by Dr. Bleasdale as being as good as any he had tasted in the colony. The white wine on the table was made from the ilesling and Joannisberpr grapes, and had a Rhenish hock fnvour; wliilst a second red wine, of which he had 8.000 gallons in stock, was a shiraz and carbinet mixed. He intended still to carry on the wine business, but had not thought it worth his while to keep up two establishments. He had planted the vineyard at Glen Para himself from lands reclaimed from the wilderness, and he now left the estate with very good wishes for his successor. He shoidd be most happy to give him such advice as experience had taught him would be of value to him in managing the property. Mr. Randall concluded by urging the leading, men of the colony to do their best to carry to a successful issue the agitation in favour of such a commercial union among the colonies as would enable the free interchange of colonial products. (Applause.) The Hon. THOS. REYNOLDS, in a neat speech, proposed "Success to Native Industry without Protection." He remarked that having been brought into contact with gentlemen connected with the Government in Yiotoria and Tasmania, he found there was a feeling prevalent there that it was not worth while taking up the question Of admitting produce free apart from the general subject of intercolonial free trade. The toast was duly honoured. Mr D. RANDALL, whose name had been associated with the sentiment, responded, and with regard to the reports which had appeared in the papers respecting wine casks of 2,500 gallons capacity, remarked that he had built one at the Rhine of gum, containing 6,000 gallons, and hail constructed others with a capacity of 4,0J0 gallons. The Hon. T. ENGLISH suitably proposed " The Health of Mr. B. Rounsevell. alluding to him as- a worthy helpmate to his brother. (Cheers.) Mr. B. ROUNSEVELL responded. Rfr.J ROUNSEVELL gave "The Lanies,"' coupling with the toast the name of Mrs D. Randall. Drunk with enthusiastic cheers, and "Here's a health. &c.; Mr. D. RANDALL and Air. PATTERSON responded. The compauy then dispersed, an l spent half an hour in inspecting Mr. Randall's wine-cellars and vineyard. The proprietor estimates that at the close of the vintage lie will have in stock no less than 50.000 gallons of wine. He has also turned his attention to jam-making and fruit- drying, and has succeeded well in these operations. After a hurried ramble through the grounds leave-takings were regretfully exohanged. and at half-past 5, the time previously arranged, a start was made for Gwler w h i ^ gTc^k no worse mishap than a shower oflain ffik been encountered. At 9 o'clock a special trSn left the Gawler Station, and at a quarter to 10 the occupants alighted at the Adelaide Station. The whole of the amusements were well carried out and a very pleasant day was spent. ^ CHRYSANTHEMUMS.—Among the special attrac. ^ ^ ^ll™ ^TSf* are th e chrysanthemums, which are in full bloom, ^neof the greenhouses is positively radiant with the blossoms of this brilliantly-coloured flower and L ^ r J S ^ agreeable variety to the green foliage near to which they are set. The collection in the Gardens ^m. rises all the leading varieties, and will well renava visit from admirers of flowers. 