THE COUNTRY. Tb'k Danpenono Ranges have beep on fire for several days. Late Advices from the DarRng state that a slight rise in tho rivor hud taken place nt Bonrkc, but it was not expected to last long. The Billarat horse and cattle fair will be held to-dny at the new yards, near the hay markpt of the Western Borongh. A Man named James Madigan was sentenced to six months' imprisonment on Wednesday last, by the Romsey bench, for having set fire to teveral paddocks in the neighborhood. Last week a lar»e herd of kangaroos were seen near Brocklesby station, near Corowa. Want of water had evidently driven thom there. Horsea and cattle are being shot iu large nnm bers a few miles from Corowa, to give more fepd to the rest. Telegraph communication between Cape Otway and Geelong was stopped on Thursday morning ; the cause, it was thought, being that some of tho posts must have been burnt by the bnsh fires raging in tho district traversed by tho line. At Sandhurst, as well r.s at Casllemaine, there is evory prospect of a maguitieent vintage thin season, the grapes showing exceedingly well, though tho dry weather is telling in pome localities against the table varieties. Indeed, all fruit seems to havo done well. The Bush Fiiies in tho Wormbete forest have been smouldering ever since they raged so fiercely a week since, and about Wednosday they broke out again with renewed energy. The timber between Duneed and the Conuo warre lakes is also ou fire, and it is feared that considerable damago will bo done. We have reason, says a local paper, to bo lievo we are correct in stating that, with refer ence to the proposoi removal of the district surveyor at Dunolly, the receiver and paymaster at Talbot, and the abolition of the telegraph station at Carisbrook, tho Government have deeided not to carry these chanses into effect. On the 3rd inst., a man named John Foster, R laborer of Mr Board's, farmer, at Oadit, was partaking of bis breakfast, and appeared to be in his nnual health, when he suddenly left the table, and in three minntes ho was dead. The post mortem examination showed that he had been choked by a piece of meat sticking in his throat. On Wednesday morning last a little girl, six years old, was drowned at the crossing at the Fitzroy river on tho Belfast and Portland road. The child was daughter of Mr S. Brown- law, and was playing with another child in the ferryboat, when she fell over and was drowned before assistance arrived. Ttie Bonouoii Council op Belfast is abont to have brought under its consideration a sohemo of water supply for the town, the main featnro of which ia tho erection of a stono weir across the Moyne near the Belfast East bridge. There is said to be little engineering difficulty in the way. A Movhment has been mooted in Geelong for the establishment of a company to mann fnctnre glue, a person okilled in the process of making this article having stated his ability to supply it by a company at a prioe considerably less than it can bo manufactured for in Eng land. A Flock of travelling sheep from tho Riverine district has beon stoppod on the border of South Australia, by order of tbo chief scab inspector, and sold at la 3d to Is Gd per head. It is stated 3000 sheep ore now on their way from the same district, and orders havo been given to stop them also, if they attempt to cross into that co lony. Water appears to be exceedingly scarce even in tho town of Geelong, and many families are said to be put to great inconvenience in conse quence, while some others who are fortunate enough tohavecapacionRtanlis on the premises are making capital ont of tbem. One woman, tho owner of two tanks, is selling water nt threehalfpence a bucket. A local paper cries sluimo on her ; why, wo don't know. The Grasshoppers aro swarming in mil lions iu the Moorabool Valley, as elsewhere, across. At some of the vineyards the vines have been almost entirely stripped of leaves, and the young fruit even has been attacked. Apple and pear trees are also suffering as well as other frnit trees. An inquest which it was found ncceBsary to adjonrn until th's afternoon has been com menced fit Kvneton on the body of the infant found on the Gth inst., under the Piperstreet bridge. Although evory possible inquiry has been made tho mother of the obild has not been found. It appears that no marks of vio lence were found on the body. X.tt£i -UeilUBb UllUUIb UUUTb UULHIIUHr lUr next month,' say3 a local paper, ' promises to be a dark one. Belfast, wo regret to say, siipplieB a case of mnrder, one of bigamy, and one of perjury, while Hamilton also sends a case of murder, onn of manslaughter, and one of horse-stealing. The usnal amount of small cases of forpory will probably come from the pastoral districts, and the more dptestablo crimes which thoy havfl invnrinbly fnrnishod for the adjudication of the Circuit Court promise to be ropeated on this oncasion.' Some alarm was. caused on Wednesday, says a Ballarnt paper, by a carriage laden with wood from Lai Lai, in a firewood train, coming down tho line to tho Western station on fire. Tho fire, which seems to have been canned by a spark from the engine falling ou the dry wood, waR first discovered some diRtnnoe np the line, and the train proceedod into the Western sta tion, whore water was turned on, and the burn ing wood unloaded. Not much damage was done, the waggon being only slightly burned on one Bide. It ia stated that nearly 1900 signatures were attached to thn memorial . from Spring Creek on water supply, sent for presentation to the Minister of Mined, . The rush still oontinues unabated; Cobb nnd Co.'s coaobes are daily heavily ladon. Th« rival company — O'Connor's — are also loaded to excess. We heard that a party, who applied at Cobb's office, was told that hfl could not got a passnse before that day week. They arrived in Sandhurst after a delay of a few days on the road. At tho Leigh Road Petty ScBBions on Thnrgday a man was made to pay rather dearly for some of the sweets of this life which ho had taken a fancy to. He had. with cuUHluuruuie iiuuiuera, uulcidu ufJuu finvubu land and cut down a tree where a swarm of wild bees had taken up their quarters. The lessee of the lnnd expostulated with him, but he persisted in carrying off the sweet secre tion of the bees. He coolly admitted the offence, and was oriernd to pay damages and costs amounting to £2 7s Gd. On Friday evening a man Darned John Tyler was on bis way toTarnngulla from Castlemaine. with a load of machinery. The driver of the dray wbb John Ryan. The man above referred I*U UCUUIllJiUUlCIl Jlllil, (UJtl wuou Uli bHU J UUUblUIi of tho Maldon road, near Mackenzie's store, he got off the dray, and said he wonld return again in a few minntes. Ryan saw him going into the bnsh, and waited for his retnrn, but from that hour to this he has not been heard of. The day wiw hot, and Tyler had complained of ? being unwell. The police have endeavored to trace him, but a3 yet without any satisfactory result. JHB WARRNAMBOOIi SHIRE COUNCIL Have struck a rate of one and sixpence in the pound on all rateable property in the shire. Tho income from rates is expected to exceed £5000, which, with the toll fund for the current year, will Bufficn for tho maintenance of roads and payment of office expenses. The liabilities of the conncil amount to £14.312, and their assets £G531, leaving their actual debt £7781. Should (heir estimate be approximately correct, they will be able to apply nearly the whole of this year's subsidy townrds the rednction of this debt. This would leave their debt about £3000 at the expiration of 1869. A Gentleman writing from Yapeen to o country paper says : — ' Dariner the day thinRu are very quiet, but night is filled with hideous noises. The great Chineso camp is alive from dark to daylight, and the Chinese are walking the district nil honrs of the night, Tho ovenera tho numerous fruit garden?, who are com pelled to keep watch, are generally armed, and to show that they are at their posts they by the barkiagand bowling of numerous dogs, and the firing of Chinese crackers. These nniopo -\re kepi, up for tho greater portion of the night.' A (Jop.REsroNDENr of a Gipps Luid paper, writing from Bairnsdule, Bays in reference to a new gold-field : — James M'Diarmid, who has had considerable Californian and Au8tralasinn experience, discovered gold in tho alluvial wasbdirt from the surface downwards for tome considerable distince, on the Mitchell river, opposite M'ln tosh's form, at Lindenow Flat, abont six milen south-west of Boggy Creek gold field, and which induced him to register a prospecting alluvial rivrr claim with the Mining Registrar at Biirusdalo on tho Stli inet. A grfut miuy «f tUo people t-f thut town and nPi'gljfcorhoad arenoiv ontpxospectiug in tho locality. The Long Drought st Albury was partially mitigated ou Siturdiv evening by a few slight thundor showers, and onrly on Sunday morn inpr it was raining steadily, but not heavily, for four or five hours. Such, however, was tho dryness of tho surface, that the rain effect »\ littlo more than tho laying of the dust, uud proved ouly a (emponiry refresher to the parched up vegetation. Several stations never hitherto known to be waterless, havo beou nuiuiuuutu \?J vuuu vnubio uuui uiw iaun wi water, and surveying parties out in the bush have been compelled to give over thoir work and to return to Albury, becHuso thoy ran the risk of perishing from thirst. Professor PAnKtn, tho swordsman, was charged at tho Waugaratta Police Com t, on Mon day last, with haviui' used disgusting language on the stage of the Royal Victoria Hotel, on the preceding Friday evening. It appeared that when tho audience expected the defendant to do onme dexterous feata of arm', he came on the stage drunk, with a cigar in his hand, and Baid he must be excused from performing, as tho stago was too small for the introduction of his sword feats. Strong disapproval was ex pressed At this announcement. He afterwards behaved in au extraordinary manner, andmnde use of the language complained of in connection with Mr Wiuterboltotn's name. Ho was fiued £3 3s, with the alternative of seven days' im prisonment. A Settler on the Wimmera, named Currie, was lately catching a hen, when tho rooster flew at him and spurred tho back of his hand. It soon swelled up and at last became so bad that Mr Currio had to come to Landsborougb to procure advice, and for many dayH his bund nnd arm were rendered useless. 'Oa Friday moraine Mr Morjjan was killing a fowl, when he received a slight wound on the back of his hand. Having seen Mr Cnrrie's wound he was cautious, aud soon washed the injured hand ; in a few hours it began to swell up, and having to apply poultices to his hand and wrist, it prevonted him continuing work. Through bathing in cold water and frequent poulticing, the hand is now gradually getting well. Mn William Cail, for many years landlord of the Plough Inn, near Killarney, in the Portland district, on Tnesday came to iv melan choly end. He had taken his passage from Melbourne to Belfast on board the steamer Western, and when she was off Moonlight Head, he jumped over the bulwarks, being only noticed when it was too late to prevent the fatal consequence that ensued. The cap tain at onco ordered tho engiuea to be reversed, the vessel Btopped, and boots lowered to rescue him if possible, bat no trace of tbo body could be seen. The deceased was recently married, bnt for the last two months had been absent from Ins wire, ana is snppesed to have been loading an intemperate lifo. Ho was at one time in comfortable circumstances, but his reckless and intemperate career reducod him almost to poverty, as it has ultimately caused his premature end. At the Colao Potty Sessions, hold on Wed nesday last, beforo Mr C. Beal and Dr. Rie, there was a case hoard wherein one Duvid M'Cnllani, a stranger to the district, was charged, by senior sergoant Chiklo with being ' drunk and incapable.' The offioer preferring the charge stated to tho bench that the mnn had already been locked up two days, and that it was hi» firet offonco as far as he know. Tho bench inflicted a fine of 10s, or one week's imprisonment. Immediately following, a man named Jehn Fulton was charged with being insane, and that he resisted so much that the oonstablo lind to tin his hands and feet. Ths officer bringing the charge believed it was through drink. Tho man himself in defence acknowledged to have been drinkini? heivilv. yet the magistrates dismissed the case with a caution. Qnery : How are two decisions to be reconciled ? Tub fires that have been raging for some days paBt in the Cxpe Otway ranges were said, on Thursday, to be still burning. A Whiohel sea correspondent of a Gi-elong paper writes : — ' Tho wind is Btill S:W., and blowing very^ strong, bo that there ia no probability oM1ie fire being exhausted. The volumes of smoke that are now rising are intense, and lead to thn supposition that the raging element has got hold in a densely- wooded portion of tho forest. The fire bus extended some mi I oh in length, nnd its widtb. also must be considerable, for largo bodieB of flame are visible at night time from Winohel. sea. It is now raging in four places, one verv large about nine miles awriy, another abont 14, another perhaps 17, and another farther to the right about 22 or 23, W« oannot feel surprised at the extent of these conflagrations, for the weather has of late been so hot aud dry that the wholo country is parched up, and Mount; Gellibrand at this moment looks like a body of metal at red heat. It ia hard to tell what the owners of cattle will do if we do not havo rain shortly, for the gra«n ia not mernly short but crisp, and breaks off like a piece of inaccnr.ini.' Like their neighbors, the inhabit ints of tho Leigh-road township and the adjoining dis trict are sadly inconvenienced for the want of an adequate supply of water. This in one of the most progressive townships near Geelong, but the inhabitants are now compelled to pro cure water from the river Moorabool, below tho Clyde Hotel, or at n distance of two and a half miles. They have determined, however, to remedy the evil, if possible, and a pnblic meet ing win ne convened ror tne purpose on oatnr dav evening, when it is proposed to adopt reso lutions requesting the Government to grant them a portion of tho table land at tho rear of the shiro hall for the purposes of a watershed, and for a grant-in-aid for bnilding tbe necessary aamB, &o.; The cost, it is estimated, will be about £100, Bnd the area on which tho water will be reserved will be rather over 100 acres in extent. Tho area is said to be admirably adapted for tbo retention of water, an ampin supply of which cun in wet soasonR bo procured from tho properties of MesBrs Milward ami Keenan. The members of the county bavn already been communicated with, and it ia hoped thoy will use their influence to secure the co-operation of the Government. It will doubtless afford great pleasure io our readers, says a Geolong paper, to learn that the operation on tho little child Hopper, who was recently conveyed by ite mother such an immrnRe distance in order that it might be treated by Dr. Reid, has b«en success fully performed. On Wednesday at one o'olock, tho child having, in the opinion of the surgeon and honorary surgeons of tha hoa pital recovered sufficient strength, was operated upon by Dr. Reid in the presence of Bra. Mackin and Shaw and some other gentlo men. One large oalcnlua was successfully re moved, and then, after sounding, it wos dis covered there won another and a Jnrgor stone fiirthor back. This necessitated the incision being enlarged, and a considerable amount of o If ill mid nti Antinrt tcoq va/tnivafl ? nn a -?!!« and all was over. Eventually, this also was removed, and the patient ia now doing well. The stones were as large us pigeon's egg*, and the medical gentlemen present expressed their astonishment in no mflasnrfld terms nfc thnnizA nf MiAm wM#»li mtu indeed extraordinnry for a child ol between two and three years of age. Wo btpn in a fow days to bo able to roport that tho littlo fellow has completnly recovered, and that lie hns been taken homn rby his conracronnn mother. 