' EXCELSIOR.' SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1869. ALL the credit justly due to the adminis- tration of Mr M'CULLOCH for having effectually grappled with the difficulty and embarrassment occasioned to the country by our overgrown Civil Service establishment, was heartily accorded by the newspaper press of the colony, and not less by the general public. It was argued, and justly so, that in proportion to our population and resources, and still more to our public requirements, we were absurdly over-governed, and that the excessive number of Civil Service employees were, in some of the depart- ments at least, a positive hindrance to the prompt and efficient discharge of the public business of the country. The task of reduction and retrenchment must, of necessity, and even under the most favorable aspect of the case, be always a difficult and unpleasant duty to perform; but, if it be entered upon in a determined spirit of uncompromising impartiality, and.with judgment, temper, and discrimi- nation, notwithstanding the unavoidable existence of eases of individual hardship and apparent injustice, the commendation and approval oi the public at large will never be withheld, but after atime heartily and cheerfully accorded even by the great majority of the Civil Servants themselves. It was perfectly well known that had the SLADEN administration re- mained in office, they would inevitably have been compelled to grapple with this Civil Service difficulty; as the expendi- ture required to keep up our enormous establishments, had hecome an intolerable burden to the country. But, we venture to say, that his Cabinet would have dealt with the business of retrenchment on a more general.and comprehensive system, and with an amount of order, method and arrangement, which would have been so clear and.palpable upon the face of it, as to have provided effectually against even the appearance of partiality or ministerial favoritism. Now it is scarcely likely, and so it would be absurd to sup- pose, that Mr M'CULLOCH has any de- rliberate intention of carrying out his scheme of retrenchment in a spirit of in- tolerance and injustice. But, it is diffi- cult, if not impossible, to resist the im- pression, that he has given unbridled latitude to his colleagues in the exercise of the power they enjoy as the ministe- rial heads of their respective depart- ments, to do just what they please with the Civil Servants of the colony. The duty of the Government is clear and un- mistakeable. They are required to re- duce the civil establishments of the country without impairing the efficiency of the public service : to abolish useless offices and emoluments, with the least possible hardship and injustice to those who, from force of circumstances, become the necessary victims of retrenchment. If this be done impartially, both objects are at once attained- and the country becomes a positive gainer in more effi- cient service and at a less cost. But if the scheme be entered upon without a scrupulous regard to these require- ments, the plea of retrenchment is, so to speak, out of court, and an alleged saving becomes reckless extrava- gance. It was to regulate the manage- ment, and to control the expenditure of the Government service, and to keep it within estimatable bounds, that our Civil Service Act was passed, an act, which it was believed and intended, should mutu- ally regard and protect the privileges, alike of the Government and of their servants. But we look in vain for any provisions in that enactment, to justify Mr. M'CULLOCH and his colleagues in the unnecessary cruelty and terrorism which they are now perpetrating. There cannot be a doubt that many instances could be adduced from the long list of meritorious officers who have suffered by the late reductions- in support of this view of the case. But two notable instances have occurred lately in the case of Mr. Warden Sherard, at Ballaarat, and in that of Mr. WARDEN HOWITT, at Bairnsdale. The former has been ably argued in the columns of the Argus. We have to do with the latter. Our Bairnsdale corres- pondent tells of the consternation and excitement occasioned in his neighbor- hood, on the receipt of the very unex- pected intelligence of the removal from the public service of Mr. A. W. HOWITT, Police Magistrate and gold-fields warden for the Mitchell River divisjpn of the Gippsland Miniingdistrict,' enbracing a'hi ditlicult and inaccessible country, extend- ing over the mountainous regions of the lt Sscowr IRIVia, BsrnDocK,.- 000xD di Rvnza andOiaso. 1It: appears that so' T unmeasured was the anger and exite- ment of the Bairnsdale residents, that a large public gathering--alnosttakipg the form of an indigntlioDn imeeting-Waa immediately organized, some of the most influential residents with our "Loyal ! Liberal" friends to the fore, taking an active and prominent part in the proceed- el ings. A series of strongly worded reso-i 3 ltions,, culminating in a memorial 3 addressed to the MIxIsrsT?or F USTICE 8 T -,wb ,had almost said of IJ'vcsrZIC- have in the interim acted as a safety- valve to the overwrought feelings of the worthy denizens of Bairnsdale. As to SMr Howirr's sclaims to consideration and courteous :treatment, at thehiands not of a this or of any Government only, but of ' the country at large, as the discoverer of h an extensive arid valdablt tract of 2 D gold country, and as a successful explorer 3 and efficient public officer, his own people. i1 2 have sufficiently concerned themselves, o and have well and, we. should think, 5 effectually urged them upor the attention 3 of the Government. Our present business a 9 is with the harm done to the State by this 1 unhandsome treatment of a meritbrious public officer rather than with its effects to t. he individual. We have endeavoured to a shew that Mr I'CriLLoci has no legal e rightunder the Act quoted, to carry into effect hit scheme of retrenchment in the t way irs which he is now doing it. We I believe this view to be unassailable; but a e if it be Siot so, we have only to remark that I eases often occur 'in which a bare legal I right, if acted upon, becomes a grievous a moral wrong. The present would be an illustration of that truism as perfect and t complete as could well be iuiagined. There a might be some excuse in mitigation of \- this particular act of what we venture to y call criminal folly upon the part of the 1 0 Government, if the office of warden and police magistrate at Bairnsdale were no 3 longer required, but it appears that a n successor to aMr Howirrhas been already `y appointed, and, it is said,is now actually . on Iis way to the Mitchell to enter upon his duties. Then why is Mr Howirr re moved ? The Minister of Justice may have reasons of his own for this arbitrary a and stupid blunder, which may be per. ' fectly satisfactory to himself and his 1 colleagues, but the public have a right to be told what those reasons are, upon the simple and logical view that Government servants are public property, provided by the country through its legis. lature to conduct the business of the country, not for the benefit of the Ministry of the day, but for the efficient service of the col ny at large. Hence the civil servants should not be remor g. able at the mere caprice of a minister g who might possibly be ncling through ignorance or prejudice, having very much e the a:pearg?ce of corruption and tyranny. o It is to be hoped that if the.Government hare really exceeded the powers entrusted to their exercise under the Civil Service SAcr, tIhe matter will be thoroughly dealt n with ,shen parliament meets in February, d fir this flagrant disregard of a plain e enactment of our legislaturo cannot be at submnitted to without endangering much that we hold to be essential to good . government, and the imaintenance unim to paired, of ourfree institutions. A century e argo, ti? abuse of public patronageo, and certain niotorious political sins committed t, by men in high places, called the forthb st from the caustic pen of Jesacs-the Sfollowing indignant remonstrance; which Sappeared in tile columns of the Public 'd ddertiser :-- " Vo should never suffer " any invasion of our political constitution, S"however minute thie instance may " appe.rr, to he passed over without a " deterrmined, persevering resistance. One "n precerldenrt creates another they soon ill "nccumsulate and constitute law. What ly "yesterday ars fact, to-day is doc. " trine. Eramuples are supposed to ts " justify the roost dangerous men u " sures, and where tlhey do not suit ex " actly, the defect is supplied by analogy." If, however, theI action of the Mlinister of Justice in the case of Mr llowr-rT can be i legallyj justified, we still maintain that that aetion.is arbitrary, discourteous, and le tyrannical--hesidea being a stupid poli r tcal blunder-such as we are scarcely it prepared to believe Mr MI'CuLLocm will Ssanction. The remoral from the service Sof thre Government in this extensive and id inaccessible district, of such an effialent and pains-taking oficer as thIe gentleman it, who has hitherto fulSlled the duties of at Police Magistrate and Warden at Bairns- dale, can only be looked upon in the ly light of a public calamity-at least to p that portion of our population whose Sinterests and whose political and social is well-being were in a great measure Scommitted to his care. In a democratic community, that is a community whbose form of govern Sment professes to be thIe government of tithe whole people by the people, it is expected as a matter of course, and if need be insisted upon as a matter of right, that we shall have thie ser Svinesc of the most able and eflicient Sofficers that the state can provide, and it Sis not too much to say that the mirtiister Swho overlooks, or who do-s not regard this principle with scrupulous fidelity, fails in his sw oru duty to the constitution of and to the country. This bioug so, the lit .'.`lIsaEa or Jter:ýs will be ?solly uns- in ble to resist the necessity pressing upon da him to give some good and valid rasou for the sudden removal of one of the best and ye rmost meritorious public oficers erployed f in the civil service of the colony. It is wc likely, as it is much to be hoped, that the th scheme of retrenchment recently estab- ,y lished in this colony, till engage the hLa serious attention of parliam'ent at an early date; as the entruting to an indivilual-Cabinet Minister though he CC be-the exercise of an arbitrary lower, to ,c the possible ruin of a good and valuable fo officer, upon the mere presumption that tb that power will not be abused--will proveo b an intolerable injustice ; nd constitution ally s.eaking, as impossible in theory as al it wil be miischerious in practice. LI ol The Thnomas Norton Ift the Lake's t1 entrance on Thursday morning. The Avon was then lying inside, laden with 150 bales waol, put on board by the Thomas Norton. t She wonld leave the entrance at mid-day. o The sand-bar in Reeves River, remains t unchangeable. The Thomas Norton started o from Latrobe Bridge yesterday morning with a large party, numbering 28 ; who purpose spending a few weeks at the entrance to the Lakes. An election for one member to serve in the Borough Council for the east ward, will be held on Monday, February Sth. Candidates must be duly nominated before Saturday, the 30th inst. It will be seen by a report in another column that it has been resolved to wind up the North Gippsland Building Society, which has enjoyed an existence of three years. The yearly meeting of subscribers to the Mechanics' Institute was held on Wednes- day evening, when the annual report and Treasurer's statement were received and adopted, and office-bearers were elected for the current year. A report of the proceed- ings will be found. elsewhere. A meeting of the congregation of St. Mark's Church, Rosedale, will be held on 1 Thursday evening next for the purpose of c electing lay representatives for the district 1 in the general church assembly which will I e sit in.February next. . : By advertisement elsewhere, it wilL be perceived that Mr. Bryant's Grammar , e School;,-will re open on Monday next. We have been requested to state that an important, sale-being the first of a monthly f series-of miscellaneous property, will be Sbheld at Cowwar. on' Wednesday next, the f 27th inst: The inhabitants of that rapidly rising little town Cowwar, more familiarly known as the Forty-Second township, have not neglected, church matters among their other applications to Government. A piece of land containing an area of one acre has been reserved as a site for a Roman Catholic Church in the neighborhood. The report which had gained currency that o the Hibernia and Kent Company's Machine, io Crooked River, had been destroyed by the e bushfires has proved unfounded. It has it since transpired that the flames passed the at plant on either side in dangerous proximity, it but providentially did not inflict say injury to the-machinery. d A young lad in the employ of Mfr Forbes, e of the Stratford steam saw.mills, whilst f engaged oiling the bearings of the circu!ar o saw, a few days ago, carelessly allowed his d hand to come into contact with the teeth owhen the blade was revolving; the conse a quence was that one of his fingers was cut y completely off. y The agitation for the appropriation of a sum of money towards the clearing of the Latrobe Bar has been resuscitated. The ry Mining Board, at its last sitting, agreed to r- make application to the Government to as devote a grant 'to that purpose, and the to Chairman of the Board, W. S. Mather, Esq., t who proceeded to Melbourne on Wednes-lay, intends to wait upon the Heon. the Chief s. Secretary, and personally urge the expe. is diency of the undertaking. At the ordinary le meeting of the Sale Borough Council on nt Thursday evening, it was likewise agreed, on the resolution of Mr. DNacarthur, that a or memorial should be presented to the Hon, Mh Mr 1t'Culloch, praying that a sum of L2000 ch may be appropriated towards the removal of y. the Latrdbe bar and the clearing of the nt Latrobe and Thomson Rivers. ro Some few days ago it will be remembered ilt several person were sumnmoned at th, y, instance of the managers of the Sale in Borough Common for allowing their pigs to Sroam at large on the common, contrary to Sthe rules and regulations. In the majority Sof cases a nominal fine of Is., with 5s, costs, ry was imposed upon the delinquents. The id charge against John Talbot was however ed adjourned, as the accused purposed defending \- the action. The oase came on for bearing on Thursday, when Mr. Bushe, who had been ic retained for the defence, contenlded that the or managers had no power dc jure to make a n, rule excluding swine, and tiat hence the sy proceedings were ultra. dries. Mr. Patten, a for the managers, contended to the contrary. n Tihe Bench h.ld with the managrers, and infilicted a fini of Is., with 2is. costs. c- The annual general meeting of subscribers to to the Gipphland Hospital was hlid at the \- Council Chambers on Wednesday evenin ; the 2,th intaint ;'W. II. Foster, El',, P'.M., President of the Institute, in the chair. A be comnmunication was received from Messrs at English and Geoghegan, anrlditors, suggesting ril that, according to the Hospital Statute, the li- auditors should be apiointcd at the arnnul Sgeneral meeting of suscribiers, and as they had not been appointed at such Imeeting the ad accounts had not been audited. It was then ot resolved, on the motion of IMr Ihueh, sc an conded by Mr Stavelcy, " Ti:?' the recep of tion of the retort be poatponed until the is accounts had been audin;ed. The mee.ting ie then proceeded to the election of oflicers for so the current year, Messrs Piatt anrc Butler al being appointed scrutiuecra. The folloring re officers were then elected in the ruinner prescribed by the Act :-Presidest, W. II. is Foster, P.M.; Vice-presidents, W. Patten n and W. T. Dawson ; hen. n;edical oflicers, t Drs. Arbuckle, IHedley, and Forbes; com if matteo of management, H. Butler, A. L. er Pearson, W. T. Sprod, C. It. Sibb.ld, II. r- Bushe, J. Trood, L. Bolden, II. B. Chomley, nt aud W. Montgomery. On the motion of iMr it N. Guthridge, .seconded by Mr Treeood, the Smeeting adjourned to that day fortnight at at the'same place and hour. We have received a letter from Mrs. Gee, cca of the Crooked River read, stating that the _.de little girl, Kate }lobinsvn, abh was drowned rat, in a waterhole in the ,neighborhood a few stil days ago, had been adopted by her some tct. .d[ years since. It appears fiom the stat- w:. meets c-f the writer that sL a-nd the deceaocal the went out in quest of sme goats, and that ono the deceased who 1a;edI bethind, was chased "1 1 ley an unfuriated manle go?at, when she must , u havs run iutu the waterholo in her eudecaors ele to eluel her pursuer. Shortly after ti.:; rat occurrence Mrs. (tre, feeling surprised at'tl,, Flu non.appearance of Kate, pric.eltel tu . arch S ewa for her, au.l on reaching the waterhole, fouL. the goat etandliug at the edge, and niticel1 e bubbles on the surface of the water. 11er in suspicions being thus aroused, she gave the ecc alarm, and with the assistance of Mr. Sn MlKenzie, of the Crooked lliver, and several se other persons, she recverel the body frlni su the hole after a considlerable lapse of time. The new regulation illn the publishing of the Gorleretnret (,rattls once inlstead of th twice a week will make a considerable differ- at once in the charees on impoundcd sttck in Sc the Gippsland dittiet, and no doubt in many tl other places likewises , as before they call be leoally soil they will in some cases l.ave to remain fully five weeks in the poulndkeepers charge. Considering the present price of Ihorses of the everage kind impounded theet will not remain a very large surplus when ej their agistmeut is paid for. The Mayor and Mr Ross, J. P., occupied the bench at the Sale Police Court on \Wed nesday. In the following cases verdicts were given by default for the amounts claimed, with 47s coats, none of the de- r fendants putting in an aappearance. Eldwad Jenkins, oflicial agent, in re the Britannia and Eldorado Gold Mining Company v. Jeremiah Ford, £1413 lie calls; Edward Jenkins, official agent, in re Britannia and C Eldorado Gold Mining Company v. C. d M'Carthy, £106 calls; Edward Jenkins, f official agent, in re the Brittannia and Eldo-u rado Gold Mining Company v. Timothy Cronin, Ll60 Is calls; Edward Jenkins, official agent in re the Britta-nia and Eldo rado Gold Mining Company v. James Reeves, 112 Is c:lli. In another column will le found the weights for the handicap events to be run during the autumn meeting of the Bairns- dale Turf Club in the latter end of February. In the Bairnsdale Handicap the old celebrity Sparrowhawk has been Iurthened with the i top impost of 10st 5lb. Dusk, another Kilirany nag-the little chesnut which carried ,ff the Maiden Plate in uh tillne style on the Greenwattie course on New Years Day has passed muster with fist 121,, whilst Mr J. C. J. Johnson's hantsonme r mare, Sylph, which made her debut last year has been awarded the lightest weight, Sfist i1b; there are eight competitors training c for this event. The Hlurdle race, or rather steeplechase on a small scale, for the huilles t are faur feet high, have brought out only a trio of steeds, Alick an-l Count from e Kilmany Park, and a local horee of suame e renown named Kent. Of course old Alick o has been favoured with the heavist weight -11 atone, while Count is to carry 10st 31bs y and l, ent goeoin with L9t. The eutries tor the Ladies, Purse nu:mber seven, viz : -Sparrow hawk, Viscount, Countess. Dan O'Connell, Cossack, Miss Pert, and Dusk. The weights range from 9st 10lb to 6st 9lb. The good folks of Bairnsdale appear to be most enthu- siastic as to the races, and the meet bids fair to be a very successful one. The Road Board movement is still pro- gressing in Rosedale and the surrounding district. Although every day during the a past week has fresh strength been added to to the interest involved. The question as to in. to creasing the proposed boundaries is not likely to to meet with any objections, the generally to expressed wish being to acquiesce with the desires of those who are desirous in any way 1' to aid the establishment of a.Road District, ' not one that would be only of sufficient area, that its whole revenue would be em a ployed in payment of salaries, but a dis Iy trict the revenue from which would be the in means of benefitting a large section of the community, whome progress and welfare de pend in future upon the opening up and maintenance of good roads available for the of increasing traffic of this portion of the colony. 15 At the ordinary meeting of the Sale Borough on Thursday evening an unusnal d incident took place. After a considerable 00 amount of business had been transacted, the le MIlayor announced that in making the dispo to sition of Counrcillors for the several wards. to he discovered that Mr. Ititchio could no y longer be a councillor. Mr Ititchie imme. e, diately replied that in conlsequence of this 1 ruling he presumled lil hiad no right to re r tain his seat, and was about to make somie ro. I marks on the exce,,tio:al lositioll in which en Lehad .een placedl, slhen the Mayor not wn ithstalnding that ha had allowted Mr 0 Ritihie to Iparticilate ill the proelilgs as S- councillor op to that period, emlphatically ie itAerrupted hi andl declarol that hlie could o, uot allow him to speak at the t:ale. Mr. h. itchie did not attempt to retalliate for thilis d arbitrary conduct on the part ,of the Mayor, hut in obedience to his.lilIt illStaritly retirel fi to the table. Accorliug to the statetiiutimi 15 of thile Mlayeor he lasel his decisino upa: ig the fIllowing grounds. By tlhe :otl clatae of the Munlici;al Corloratiorn Act-n- hihl A Irovidces fur the allotmlent f exist r itg cotunoillc,,s to the several wardl- ig l:ah ctntlcillr it a llmetlber If that wardl in Swiich hlie Ihalpeis to be ratel to the .larde!t rl Itmount in the first instance, nid ns there Sn.ust not it, teare or les than three for each s sard, shouldl alny 1one war] have an excess, t those who would be the first to retire in thie Sordinary ,'ay will hIe the ruemllers to retire Sfrom Lsuch ward; such memnbers if they ih happen to be rated in any other ward will be ig allotted to such, pIrovided there is not an Sr excess of three in silch.ward ; but slluli er they not he rated in any other wardl they cease to be councillorse MIesora Pltt, In?. er Macarthur, Troad anl Ritchio, aro all rated. . highest inll South Wardl ; this leaves two n members in excess, and Mlessra 'I'ro-l iInd e, Ritchie, beinlg olldest in office withlut re. a- election, hare to retire froni Siouth War.. h. r English alone is rated highest for East . Ward, conseqrluently lhe is one of thle tuclu , bers for that ward, and as Mr Trool is also Ir rated in the East Ward, he is another o member allotted to this same ward, Mr it Ritchie being rated only in South Ward Scannot o' allotted to any other; ergo, he cea?es to be a renober of the Cu. _e'cri 'l'tacy, Carter and Jamieson, all three rated hi hest in North Ward, are mtnlers still to repreaent it, there being just tLe I:umbcr r~-uirrc An rxtraordinary electio i: llc i.e ?l u.;tin twenty-five d.ys t, .ilt the -.t_.,ncy ic: East Ward caused Iy ti,i nmn tli;ibility of Mr Ititchie to roepresent i: "1Ie a.i?cur, :..wevcr, gav\e Mir ltitahie t., undlcntr-l that he was still t-ligibb for ro. electin, siate 1Mr Fellhva had duci.Ld that ratea.le i qt'aliicatiulis within the Irn,u h qu:alitie a lper eTn fr a caidtilat", f.r any Va.rious equilries have lcetn miade a to tlh ireult of the public mneeting rtceetly L,?i in Sale, f,n the .purpose of alnioting :te,.s t Escure the Appli1intlnit ,uf t luirtýo of t?, Sale Cernctary. The following l.'tter w::! serve to enlighten thoste interested iu tht subject :- ")lcparitentu of IPuli Wo rk. Mela?iurl-ne 20th January, 1689." " SIi -I have the honor to ackno?lels the receipt of your letter dated IGth i?.taurt and in reply, to infrm n you tha:t tb. scheldules requisite for the aptpintmeunt o the gentlemuen reiormmen-ded as tusteA of the Clrnetary, Sale, are now beo,re ir1, 1Exrcdisuey the Governor in Council." " I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most uhobedient orye i t, A. GALT, for lIsplctor. Gneral." Unusual pressure uponi our space Iners.: Sasitates the holding over' of much l.:, matter. 