THE BUSH FIRES. It was apprehended that, in addition to other disastrous results from the intense heat, we should hear of extensive bush-fires ; and we regret to say that such apprehensions have been sadly realised. The Geelong and Ballarat dis tricts have suffered severely. Mr J. H. Con- nor's station, Stonyferd, has been destroyed. At Pomborneit, Parrumbeit and Carpendeit the following selections have been completely burned, and all wooden improvements there on, viz.: J. H. Coanpr'a and his purchased land and wooden improvements ;' Mr George Connor's, Mr Butterworth's, Mr Whitchell's, Mr Noonan's, Mr Woodward's, ' Mr War- ner's, .Mr Richard's', Mr Silk's; Mr McLel land's, part of Mr Manifold's run, part of, Mr McVean's run, part of Mr McArthur's, Mr A. Black's, and others. The fire at Pomborneit is said to have been com- menced from a fire left by some one travelling on the edge of tbe road near to the Pomborneit post-office. Bullarook, and indeed a vast extent of country north-west of Ballarat, appears to have felt the calamity in full force. For miles the country presents a charred and blackened appearance, and many families are left homeless and destitute, who a few days ago were in comfortable, if not in well-to-do circumstances. In the Bungaree district there were three fires, which as they swept along caused ruin to many. That of greatest magnitude was one which appears to have terminated about half a mile beyend Clark's border saw mills, and was formed ap- parently by the junction of two fires, one com- mencing at Dean, and the other between the Musk Creek and the Moorabool. Its force was the greatest about the Devil's' Creek, where homestead after homestead, and stacks without number, besides miles of fencing, were literally licked up by the consuming element. The whole country seemed to be in flames ; such a scene as those who have lived fourteen years in the forest have never experienced. Every tree was lighted, most of them from top to bottom, and the strong wind that was blowing kept clouds of sparks, intermingled with large pieces of fiery wood and branches, falling continually from a great height to the ground, setting fire to all that had not come beneath the influence of the flames on their first passage across the forest. Everywhere that a log fence of the monster dimensions natural to this part of the country was situated flames were playing, and in most cases giant logs were reduced to a con- dition of warmth which rendered them ugly customers to be within at least a dozen yards of. Fences, where not pulled down or made away with otherwise, acted as conductors to the flames, which ran along them at a terrific speed. Here and there at intervals trees as large even as are to be seen in that home for forest giants, having been fired near the trunk and burnt through, came down with their burning masses of upper branches, crashing so as to be heard easily at the distance of a mile. Of underwood and smaller vegetation the forest, as far as the eye with the light of the flames could penetrate, was perfectly clear. We believe that many poor men have been losers of all they had in tho world through these late fires, and their case seems considerably, worse than many in which the public have come forward to the rescue with donations at money. ' 