GENERAL NEWS. The Late Storm at Dubbo.-On Wed- nesday afternoon, about half-past two, the weather (whioh during the day had been very close) suddenly changed ; and a heavy wind commenced to blow. It continued for about ten minutes, when it was succeeded by a shower of hailstone?, which fell fast and furious for some time. Most of the stones were as large as marbles ; and the novelty was such- for a hailstorm is a rarity in these parts-that some amused themselves pick- ing them up and consuming them, thus enjoying, what is very unfrequent here in summer, a feed of ice. No sooner had the hailstorm subsided than heavy rain set in. The water came down in torrents ; and one could hardly see across the street, the rain clouds blew so thickly. For twenty minutes the water poured with surprising volume; indeed it seemed as if all Heaven's floodgates were thrown open, and we were going to be again visited by a flood. At about three o'clock, the storm subsided ; but so violently and heavily had the rain fallen during the short time it lasted, that the streets were covered with water. Church-street, from opposite the Dispatch offico to the junction with Brisbane-street was a regular pond, and the street for several hundred yards was perfectly impassable. The flats at the back of the town towards the racecourse were also under water. Some damage was done during the sto:m: the Catholic Church, in Macquarie-street, was blown right down. The building; which was a wooden structure, had been erected about sixteen years ; the altar fur- niture and vestment case that were in it were ' fortunately uninjured. The destruction of the churqh will put our Catholic fellow-townspeople to much inconvenience ; for although the struc- ture was, in a peouniary sense, worth very little, still it would have answered all its purposes until a new church was erected. A portion of the flagstaff at Mr. R. J. Campbell's cottage was oarried away, and sheets of bark, &c;, were blown off many houses. The hailstorm has, we fear, played havoc with the fruit crop. The rain was very partial, for although it fell with such surprising heaviness in town, yet we are creditably informed that below Mr. James SamuVs',' jun., scarcely enough fell to make itself felt. On the road between Wellington and Dubbo there was also very little, and it ap- pears from all we hear that the storm was con- fined within a radius of four miles, taking as its two extremities old Dubbo station and the town. The water, as we write, is lying still on the streets, but if the weather continue as it íb now for a day or two it will soon be dried np. Dubbo Dispatch, January 8. The Wagga Wagga Advertiser says that the bridge there has been paying the company that 1 built it 17£ per cent, and that the Colls are to be reduced. The feTlneed^olls are 2s. 6d. for a one- horse buggy, and 3s. for a buggy with two horses. The reserve fund amounts to three fourths of the original capital. The Weather in the West and South. -We learn from the Bathurst Free Press that the weather there shows not the slightest signs of amendment, indeed the heat increases. Some thunder has been heard, but still the rain comes not.-The Wellington correspondent of the same paper says they have no wheat, no corn, no grass, no vegetables, no fruit, and no money owing to the drought. The roads are out up into dust oanals, and every passing team or flock raises a dust that-may be seen for many miles. -Another correspondent writing from Nowra draws an equally gloomy pioture ; the wells are drying up fast, there is no feed for cattle for miles ; the young ciops of maize are literally dying for want of rain, and the drought is causing severe suffering throughout the whole district. Death from Swallowing a Bean.-An inquiry was held on Tuesday, at Longbottom, respecting the death of a ohild named Benjamin' Mann. The mother stated that on Monday morning her brother, aged ten years, came to her and said that Benjamin was choking; she ran to the adjoining room, where she found deceased lying on the floor ; he was black in the face ; she put her finger in His mouth, but could feel nothing; she then took the ohild to Dr. O'Brien at Burwood; who tried to'extract the bean, but without success. Dr. Haylock, of Ashfield, also tried to remove the bean, but failed, and after some time the child was found to be dead.-A verdict was returned to the effect that the deceased' died from suffocation in attempting to swallow Borne beans.-Abridged from the S. M, Herald, Jan, 6 "The driver of .the mail between Albury and Deniliquin, recently, whilst passing through Henessy's Forest on a bright moonlight night, mistook a fallen tree for a shadow, and drove at it. He was thrown to the ground, and seriously shaken by the collision. Farewell to the Rev. Thomas Smith. The Sydney papers report the detailb of a meeting of the parishioners of St. Barnabas Church, Sydney, on Wednesday, 6th, to bid farewell to their pastor, the Rev. Thomas Smith, who is compelled by ill-health to visit England, and who took hi§ departure in the Nourmahal. After a social tea meeting, a publio meeting was organised, and both were numerously attended. The Lord Bishop of Sydney presided, and after a few appropriate remarks, read an address re- questing Mr Smith's acceptance of an accom- panying purse, and expressing the warm attach- ment entertained towards him by the subscribers, and their deep regret at the necessity which compelled his temporary absence from them. A cheque for £500 was handed to Mr. Smith, together with the address, and it was stated" that £546 11s. had been col- lected altogether, but that it had not been pos- sible to make up the subscription lists in time for the meeting. Upon the conclusion of the Bishop's address the superintendent of the Sunday school stepped forward, and having first read an address signed by the teacher and chil- dren of St. Barnabas's Sunday School, presented Mr. Smith with an elegant inkstand formed of an emu egg mounted with silver, and to Mrs. Smith an opera-glass of great beauty The Rev. Mr. Smith made suitable acknowledgments, and when the meeting had been addressed by several other gentlemen, the benediction was pronounced, and the assembly dispersed. The Rev. Thomas Smith.-The Rev. Thoa. Smith, the respected pastor of St. Barnabas's, with Mrs. Smith and family, left for England, in the Nourmahal, this forenoon at eleven o'clock. The ship was accompanied to the Heads by two steamers, containing (including the teachers and children of St. Barnabas's day and Sunday schools) no less than two thousand persons, who adopted this mode of bidding him an affectionate "God speed," and a happy return to his sphere of eminent usefulness.-Evening News, Jan. 12. Hebrew Philanthropic Society.-The annual meeting of this institution was held on Sunday morning, at the York- street Synagogue Chambers. The attendance waa very large, and the election of officers appeared to excite con- siderable interest. Montague Levey, Esq, oc- cupied the chair. The thirty-sixth annual report of the society was read by the hon. sec , Mr. B. De Lissa. This document alluded to the very unsatisfactory state of the finances, owing to the falling off in the amount of sub- scriptions received during the year, and regretted that so many of their co-religionists in Sydney in easy circumstances withheld their assistance. Twelve pensioners were now on the books of the society, some of whom were entirely helpless. Thirty-nine persons bad reoeived relief during the year, and five loans of £5 each had been granted upon the usual conditions. The board had succeeded in obtaining possession of one of two houses in Elizabeth-street bequeathed to the institution nearly twenty years ago, and steps had been commenced to obtain possession of the other house. The funds of the society having be- come nearly exhausted towards the close of the year, a special appeal was made to the Jewish community, which resulted in the collection of over £123, for which the board of management returned their sincere thanks.-The report hav- ing been adopted, the election of officers for the current year took place, after which the cus- tomary vote of thanks concluded the meeting - Abridged from ¿S. M. Herald, January 11. Attempt at Murder in Rochester, Victoria.-On last Thursday, 31st ultimo, says the Riverine Herald, the quiet little township of Rochester was the scene of what appears to have been a most deliberate and most determined attempt at wilful murder-an attemptwhich may yet turn out to have been too effectual. The circumstances may briefly be detailed as fol- lows : Alfred Moore, a middle-aged man of rather slight build, was a man who, in conjunction with a mate named Johnson, had been engaged in bricklaying,fencing, and on other work, on Messrs. Chappell and Bell's station at Restdown, some three or four miles from Rochester. They had earned a considerable sum of money, and on the 11th instant Moore reoeived two cheques-for £20 and £7 respectively-from Mr. CameroD, superintendent of the above-named station. He then left for Sandhurst, where he is supposed to have remained for some time, and on his return he stayed some days at Mr. Seward's Hotel, Rochester. On Thursday he was in the bar, and during the temporary absence of Mr. Seward, he took from behind the counter a loaded gun, which Mr. Seward had been in the habit of keeping there for the protection of the house He left the bar and walked towards the stables, where he met the barman, John Glover (familiarly known as "Yorkey"), and when he had got within a dozen paces of him levelled the gun at his body. Glover roared out, asking Moore not to shoot him, and then endeavoured to get behind the stable-door, but before he could succeed in doing so Moore pulled the trigger, and Glover received the charge in his breast. The gun had been loaded with very large shot-No. 4-and a considerable portion of it penetrated the lungs, while some more stuck in the legs of a man who stood a little distance away. A few grains also struck a horse in the stable. Dr. Crossen, coroner of the Echuca district, was speedily in attendance, together with Mr. Maunsell, P.M. (New South Wales ) After having examined the wounded man, Dr. Crosserj thought him so dangerously hurt as to render it desirable that his deposition should at once be taken. Ia his deposition Glover positively asserted that he had no quarrel or altercation whatever with Moore, who had been promptly seized upon by some persons who were attracted by the shot Moore was given up to the police, and brought before Dr. Crossen, at the Echuca Police Court, on Saturday, when he was remanded to the following Tuesday. On his being again brought before the Bench he .was remanded for one week, after sergeant Cleary had exhibited a telegram to the effect that Glover (who had been conveyed to the Sandhurst Hospital) was " progressing favour- ably, but not out of danger." It ic difficult to imagine what could have prompted Mooro to commit so desperate an act, for " Yorkey" is said to be an excellent fellow, and to be greatly liked by all who know him. It is also believed that Moore, who was a very heavy drinker at times, had spent the greater portion of his money in Sandhurst. Little more can be known of the affair until the case will come on for hearing next Tuesday. We are informed that though men wounded like Yorkey might be con- sidered to " progress favourably," they might at any moment be most seriously affected by a bad change in the weather ; and hence we say the poor fellow's position is a critical one at the very least. | Stone-breaking Machinery-On Wed- nesday, 6 th, a number of the Aldermen of Sydney were present at a trial of a stone breaking machine, the invention of M. Louis Buette. The maohine is desoribed in the Evening News as a ponderous affair, weighing about five tons; it is propelled by an engine of ten to twelve horse-power, and is said to be equal i to the crushing of from fifty to seventy tons of metal per day. The modus operandi is peculiarly simple. Blocks of blue metal, about a foot square and several inches thick, are in- troduced into a hopper, when they are operated upon by two jaws, worked by an eccentric, whioh by a series of blows, virtually knocks the mass to atoms, and, it is stated, can reduce them into quarter of an inch and four-inch fragments. The trials of the day were not, however, very satis- factory. The broken stone was delivered in such a flaky state as to render it unfit for use in publio thoroughfares, though the machine may be admirably adapted for the crushing of metal for ballasting railways, or for the crushing of orea on the oopper mines of the interior. The edges of the broken stone were too sharp, whereas the sine qua non of ordinary metal for road making is the turning out of the stone with a rhomboidal fraotuie. Another objection seemed to present itself in the immense quantity of dust that was produced ; but it is not impro- bable that such dust might be utilised for the formation of footpaths, or oonverted, in combi- nation with other substanoes, into an artificial stone that might be applied to a variety of pur- poses. Experiments in breaking ironstone were also made, and apparently with a more satisfac- tory result than the blue stone; but yet the machine did not command the approval of the members of the Corporation. Dr. Wren, of Deniliquin, recently fractured his ann, through a buggy accident. On Monday, the 4th instant, a lady named Wyatt got into an omnibus at Woollahra, which started off as 6he was about to fasten the door, and she was thrown out with such violence that her arm was broken, and Bbe was otherwise severely bruised. The Wagga Wagga Advertiser says that Lake j Albert, upon which the people of the town are j dependant for water for domestic purposes, &c.;, is fast becoming dry. It is proposed by Mrs. Newell, owner of the Diamond Mountain farm, near Mudgee, where oinnebar was recently discovered, to work the cinnebar mine in conjunction with a company, to be formed for that purpose. A quantity of alnmen, useful in tanyards, has been found in the neighbourhood of Lawson's Creek, Mudgee district. English papers report that it is proposed to work up large quantities of Tallermann's pre- served meat in the manufacture of sausages and pies for sale in poor neighbourhoods The Banner of Belfast reports a tidal wave at the port of Belfast, Victoria, which occurred on Christmas Eve. This phenomenon does not appear to have been noticed elsewhere along the coast. The Rev. G. E. Turner, of Ryde, is said by the S. M. Herald of Saturday to be still in a very precarious state from the injuries he reoeived a few days previously. At Mudgee the usual New Year's Eve festivi- ties, band playings, gun firing, &o;, took place. But no sports were provided for New Year's Day, except at Green Swamp, where races took place. The Maiden Plate of £\0 was won by Mr. Smith's Ben Bolt; a best saddle, for hacks, was won by Mr. J. Healy's Wallaby ; a New Year's Gift of £5 was won by Mr Smith's Ben Hall ; and a stock saddle by Mr. Rouse'b Buce- phalus. Some footraces then carne off, handi- capped, John M'Cullum winning the first, of 150 yards; and R. Brooks the second, of 100 yards. At Hargraves, Meroo diggings, the excessively dry weather has not only parched up the coun- try, and reduced the cattle and horses to a starving condition, but has very much hindered the working of the claims, from want of water. Gold has been recently discovered, in quartz, near the surface, on one of the ridges in the township, and it was hoped the Binking would prove that the reef is generally auriferous. The wheat crop is light in that neighbourhood, but the grain good. Burglary.-It is reported in the S.M.Herald of Friday that the premises occupied by Mr. Hillier, in George-street South, were broken into about four o'clock on Thursday morning, by a man who evidently intended to commit a bur- glary. The noise he made awoke Mrs Hillier, who aroused her husband, but the robber made off when he heard Mr Hillier coming. Mr. Hillier, however, followed him, and after a severe struggle, with the assistance of a neighbour, suc- ceeded in capturing the marauder. Having rushed out barefoot, Mr. Hillier was much out about the feet with stones and broken glass. Native Coolness -On Saturday last, whilst Masters Walton and Hooper, the former a son of the well known commission agent of Collins street, were engaged in parrot shooting on Knocklofty, young Hooper, whilst advancing with his gun pointed towards a bird, happened to tread on the tail of a black snake The reptile made its way np the leg of the lad's trousers, and the boy being panic stricken, stood still and speechless. His companion with ex- traordinary coolness cautioned him to keep still, and stooping oanght bold of the Bnake's tail, and with a vigorous swing killed it against an adjacent gum tree -^Hobart Town Mercury, Jan 4. Talking of bush-fires, the Pastoral Times says that in a great part of Riveriua the squatter who could have a bush-fire on his run is looked upon with something like envy. There is nothing to burn except on some of the river bends. The Melbourne correspondent of the Pastoral Times says :-" Letters received by the mail announce, among other things, that our ex-Go- vernor, Sir Charles Darling, has received his pension of £1000 a year, dating from October, 1866." A man, name unknown, went into a shop in Bourke-street, Melbourne, on the 30th ultimo, and asked to be shown a knife, as though he in- tended to purchase it. Directly his request was complied with, he opened the blade and stabbed himself in the neok. He was taken to the hos- pital, where he has since died. The Prospects of Tasmania -We have it upon the authority of the Hon. Colonial Trea- surer, that the land revenue from every source has been, and is, fast failing, and that the anti- cipations of the Government respecting their re- i ceipts for the present year are very unlikely to be realised. The disbursements of the year, in- cluding interest upon recent loans, will be : i heavy, and already fresh taxation is considered j to be absolutely necessary. This is certainly a brilliant prospect, with the land revenue dwind- ling down almost to nothing, and every interest in the country depressed to the lowest ebb We also learn from the same source that the Laun- ceston and Western Railway will cost to com- plete it £100,000 more than the original esti- mate of £400,000. Verily the prospects of Tasmania are brightening -Hobart Town Mer- cury, Jan. 5. A Run with a Dust Storm -As the af- ternoon train from Echuca recently waa proceed- ing from Rochester to Runnymede, end going at the time probably at the rate of thirty miles an hour, it was overtaken and passed by an enor- mous mass of dust, which must have been whirled along at a rate exceeding forty miles an hour. When first seen approaching in a westerly direc- tion,'it looked like a dark cloud extending from the earth to the zenith. It was described by a passenger as resembling " a black mountain of incalculable size, and apparently as solid as granite." The train was left in such a state of darkness for fully a quarter of an hour after it had passed, that it was found impossible even to make a memorandum. At Runnymede roofs and verandahs were stripped during the passage of the dust storm, and the windows were blown out of one shop. The Southern Argus of Friday last reports that on Monday morning a man named Henry Evans, of Little Plain, near Burrowa, cut his throat and lived only a short time after it. His head was only hanging to his neck by a piece of flesh, and in that position he walked 70 yards It is believed he was suffering from the effeots of drink. A man named Jimes Flanagan, residing at Kingsdale, near Goulburn, died suddenly on Wednesday 6th, from disease of the heart. The Braidwood Dispatch reportB that on Mon- day, the 28 th ultimo, two buildings on the land of Mr. F. Ma|qn*Jlngera district, were burnt to the ground? It is supposed that they were set on fire by an incendiary. A Mr. John Loveday reoently lost ¿647, a roll of notes, in the yard at the Post Office Hotel at Toowoomba, and afterwards found the money lying near the stable-door, where it had remained untouched for three hours. A man named James Purcell, in the employ of Messrs. Daniell, King, & Co., had his thigh broken on Thursday by a bale of wool, which, while it was being hoisted up into the store, loosened from the slings and fell on him. It is probable that amputation of the injured limb will be necessary. It is stated in the Braidwood Dispatch that one of the Chinese residents of Jembaicumbene, a storekeeper, has just returned from Melbourne with a Chinese lady whom his parents selected for him'in his native land, and sent out to become his wife. Some correspondents of the <S?. M. Herald recommend the following remedies for. bites of scorpions and oentipedes :-Hartshorn, or spirits of turpentine, to"be well rubbed into the bite ; or ipeoaouanha, applied in the form of a paste. Immigration into Tasmania.-It is stated in the Hobart Town papers that Mr. Buck has been appointed emigration agent for Germany, and that he will at once proceed to that country in order to induce suitable immigrants to proceed to Tasmania and settle there under the Immi- gration Aot of 1867. The immigrants will have to pay their own passage money, but will receive grants of land on arrival, in proportion to their outlay on themselves aud families. It is said to be the intention of the Government to appoint a similar agent for England. It is said that large numbers of sheep, branded T, in ones and twos, are wandering about the Tipper Bogan. They are stragglers from flookB travelling in search of grass without men enough to take care of them. The sheepyards and hut on Mr. Gilmore's Quandong station were burnt down the other day. The cause is unknown. The Wagga Wagga papers report the Mur- rumbidgee as now so very low that little boys may be daily seen fording it opposite to the in- tended wharf. On the 6th instant a pitiable case of ohild desertion came before the Wagga Wagga bench. A woman named Anna Confrey had married a second time, and had departed with her new hus- band, leaving four wretched, ragged, little chil- dren entirely destitute, who would have perished but for the kindness of a neighbour.-A war- rant has been issued for the apprehension of the I inhuman mother. ¡ Death from Drowning -The cityooroner I held an inquest on Tuesday, 5th, respecting the death of a woman named Christina Smith, who was discovered floating in the harbour, near Dawes' Point, on Monday afternoon. She way then not quite dead, bat although medical aid was at once called in, she died in about a quar- ter of an hour after being taken ont of the water. The husband of deceased stated that she had . been drinking of late, and had on a previous occasion threatened to commit suicide. It also appeared that on Monday she had again been drinking, but was not drunk. She waa seen sitting npon the wharf in the afternoon, bat she could not have fallen into the water from that place, as the tide would have carried her in the opposite direction to that in which she was found. An open verdict of found drowned was returned. -Abridged from S. M. Herald, Jan. 6. 