MELBOURNE. Thursday. Cabinent disagreements are likely to lead to the retirement of Messrs. Vale and Jonea. Warden Sherrard, of Ballarat, has been dis missed after sixteen years' service, on the ground of retrenchment. ' The unusually large number of arrivals caused the bnv to assume nuite a buav amoearance. In the sporting circles, Glencoe is fancied for the Launceston Clip. For the Sydney Cup, Barb is at 6 to 1 ; Glencoe, Fireworks, Sir John and Bulgimbar, 10 to 1 each. The Barb and Earl left in the City of Adelaide, yesterday. Twenty- one Wesleyan clergymen left by the City of Adelaide to attend the Conference. The National Bank held a meeting, and passed a resolution similar to the one adopted by the Bank of Victoria, with reference to loans on land and stock. The Land Commission have decided thai the counter charges against Duffy and Blair were not proven. Tasmauran advices report large bush-fires. Friday. The Governor is on a shooting excursion ; and Mr. M'Culloch, with soveral of his colleagues, have taken a week's holiday. The Counoil of the University have agreed to issue certificates stating the number of subjects students, paw- in when foiling to matriculate. . ; The rainfall for the last year is seven inches below the usual average. Mr. Scott late of Scott's Hotel, died this morning. My Dream has been scratched for tho Goelong Handicap. . Judge Barry was thrown from his horae, but received only slight injuries. The grasshoppers are distroying tho feed in the Western district. Several farms at Blackwood have suffered severely from fire, Mr. Du Cane, tho new Governor of Tasmania, landed at Launceston, where several addresses were presented to him. The Southern Cross, from Launceston, brought over 250 trout fry. The Philippine brought Mauritius dates to the 10th Dec. , which lias hardened the sugar market. Saturday evening. John Tickle, who arrived here per VVonga Wonga, in charge of a Sydney detective, has been remanded until Friday, on tho charge of forging a cheque for £1500 on tho National Bank. Two passengers, per Essex, from London, named Hunter and Hnlestock, were missed dur ing the voyage, and are supposed to have fallen overboard. The revenue returns exhibit an increase of £129,000 during the quarter ending 31st ultimo. More than half of the increase consists of pro ceeds of land 3old. The revenue for tho year shows a falling off of £7000. Tho great four-mile trotting match at Balla rat, between Jemmy and Kate, was won by the former in 11 minutes 32 seconds. Norton's tube wolls have been successfully tested in the Western district. The funeral of the late Mr. Scott took place to-day, and was largely attended. 