THE MERCURY. HOKDAY MOR.VIXG, MARCS 28, 1870. The dispute as to tho Clarence Municipal ac- counts has assumed a now pitase. Tho singular coincidence of the Council Clehk having, sub- sequent to the public meeting at winch the Council were called on to authorise an audit of the accounts, obtained leavo of absence ; and having during that absence obtained a lucrative situation necessitating his immediate resignation of his position as Council Clerk, is certainly somewhat suggestive ; and the fact that his going to Sydney on business of importance was but a step to his going somewhere else, and that instead of his return to the scene of his labours prior to the then next subsequent meeting of Council as promised, he sent a letter resigning his post, and intimating that he would no more bo seen in his accustomed haunts, afford his enemies an opportunity of judging harshly of his conduct ; and even his friends must admit that Mr. Thomas'unexpected new opening, following so soon after an inquiry into the whole muni- cipal accounts becamo inevitable, was a concidence so strange that it might well excito suspicion. On the first opportunity after the public meeting of ratepayers, at which Mr. Thomas, it must bo admitted, showed an undaunted front, he asked and obtained ten days' leavo of absence, on business of importance, requiring his absence from the Colony for that period. His application did not stato where ho was going, but we believo there was no secret that he intended proceeding to Sydney, and did go there. On the 22nd instant, the day on which Mr. Thomas would have had to leavo Sydney by the steamer, so as to bo present at next meeting of Council as promised, he wrote a letter to the Warden and Councillors intimating that since his arrival in Sydney an eligiblo opening had presented itself, which he antici- pated would better the circumstances of him- self and family ; and he therefore tendered his resignation, begging to be acquitted of any charge of apparent discourtesy in this abrupt so veraneo of his connection with the Council. Tho lottor concluded with the ordinary expressions of thanks und goodwill which always form a prominent feature in such documents. But though ho was not called on to do so, still it is somewhat remarkable that he does not enlighten those to whose friendship and gentlemanly bear ingho was, according to his own showing, so much indebted, ¡is to the nature of the eligiblo open- ing, or the ¡Jaco to which ho liad been called. The Council had perhaps no right to expect that Mr. Thomas should so far unbosom himself to thom, but in tho peculiar circumstances under which Mr. Thomas had tlirown up his appoint- ment, and considering the legacy he had left behind him in disputed accounts, whether justly or unjustly, it would have been but right tha ho should have told them where, should any inquiries be necessary, any communications could reach him. This would have been but an ace of justice to tho Council and to Mr. Thomas himself, for it would havo relieved him of much of tho suspicion which his reticence has caused, and from which any private communication, if any friend has been favoured with such, will hardly relieve him. In the cir- cumstances in which thoy wero placed, the Clarence Council exercised a wiso discretion in assenting to the audit asked. In fact, they would havo been to blame under any circum- stances had thoy stood in the way of a search- ing inquiry. No degree of conscious rectitudo on their part would have warranted their refusal to adopt whatever stops wore necessary to set at rest thefeeling that there was something wrong in the accounts ; a feeling that liad gained such strength that nothing but' the report of disinterested persons could allay it. Neither those who got up the public meeting and took an active part thero, ner the auditors named, can object to having Messrs. David Lewis and Thomas Parkbk associated with the auditors. Mr. Lewis is largely interested in the Municipality; and as such, and as Chairman of the Select Committee of tho Assembly, is pretty well posted up in the Municipality accounts; and Mr. Parker is an accountant of oxporienco, and hitherto unconnected with tho dispute. Any report coming from Messrs. Browne and Wehster, and the twogontlomen wehavenamod, will carry more weight with it, than would a report, however ablo and explicit, by the two auditors named at the meeting, seeing, as wo formerly said, they had to a certain dogreo, com- mitted themselves by their previous report. The whole circumstances of this case consti- tute un episodo in tho history of local govern- ment that Las rarely had a parallel ; and whatever may be the result, ought to forcibly impress on the Legislature the necessity of placing somo more stringont control on tho management of the funds of public bodies. Wo havu already suggested that all Councils, or othor public local bodies, ought to bo compelled to keep their accounts on a uniform system, and submit them annually to the Colonial or other competent auditor, each paying the expenses of its own audit ; and we have roason to believe that such a proposal finds favour among those bodies. The Clarence caso shows either that no ordinary control nndaudit aresuflicient to protect public bodies against fraud, or that no accuracy and honesty aro sufficient to protect office- bearers from suspicion. In either case, thoro foro, it is necessary that some independent body should step in. Thus and thus only will public funds be saved from spoliation, and public ser- vants from unjust aspersions. In the Clarenco case, the Council Clork had, uptothopublio moot- ing, conducted himself as one conscious of boing right, and courting the fullest inquiry. Since that meoting, his every net haB exposed him to the suspicion of guilt. Yet it would hardly bo fair on these suspicious to condemn him. It is very nrobablo. that distrusted with the rofusnl of tho public mooting to liston to his explanation, he resolved on leaving Bollerive, if he could got othor employment ; and obtaining that, left, without caving to tell where ho was going, fully conscious that his accounts woro perfectly right, and would be found " so without reference to him. Such solf-comimining was not wiso, but it was natural, and just what many would adopt, smarting under what thoy considered tho injustice of having been refused a hearing when their character was assailed. Wo can hardly, not- withstanding tho suspicions which Mr. Thomas' subsequent conduct has brought down upon him, bring oursolves to believe that his wliolo previous official life was a lio. If so, he possessed talents that have been thrown away on suoh a petty swindle, and in so insignificant a place as Clarence. His skill in the manipulation of figures, his ability to baffle several inquiries into tho state of his accounts ; and his daring hardi- hood in confronting, with all the boldness of innocence, accusations which he knew were but too true, and which any day might be brought home to him, fitted him for a higher grade in villany than the Municipality pf- Clarence, or even tho Colony of* Tasmania could afford. " If I he has defrauded the Council of the sums which havo so troubled Mr. Strachan ; and has, year after year, maintained the confidence of the Council in the face of all charges brought against him, the srnallness of the sum in ques- tion ought not to deprive him of his right to be classified among the most expert and famous criminals. With the books at all times at the command of the Council, and frequently forming the subject of their deliberations, with the view of testing his faithfulness, Mr. Thomas main- tained an nnblanched chock. When the dis- satisfied Mr. Strachan refused to think as his colleagues did, and the aid of a parliamentary inquiry over three years was evoked, Mr. I Thomas was no ways abashed. He attended the Committee ; gave evidence ; laid before them, and left with them the books which, if he were wrong, contained the evidence of his guilt ; and patiently waited their verdict, which was that there had been errors of judgment but no fraud. It is but justice to the Committee to Bay, that their inquiries were limited to three years, and beyond this they could not go. If, therefore, there was any falsification of accounts, tho Council Clerk's escape was a narrow one. His prosecutors, still unbafHed, ap- pealed to a public meeting. He met them there, and professed himself prepared to at once show the error into which his opponents had fallen ; but having been refused a hearing, retired from the meeting in disgust, and, as it subsequently proved,fromthecontestandtheColony. If all this time he was conscious of guilt, the state of his mind must have been almost maddening, and his moral courage in remaining so long to face detection, must have been of an order that, properly directed, would have achieved renown. While therefore his recent conduct is calculated to excite suspicion, his previous career was so unlike that of a criminal, that we should be sorry to believe those Councillors wrong who on on Saturday expressed so much confidence in tho substantial accuracy of the Clarence Municipal accounts. It is not well always that our comments on the phases of the Colonial question at home, should be written with an exclusivo or a paramount view to homo reading. After our Summaries for Europehavobeen despatched, and we are thus left for an interval of another month to work out the problem and process of our own lifo, we havo the opportunity of considering from a purely local point of view, the circumstances that contribute to the chronic uneasiness of political relations between the old land and its children. It will scarcely have passed observation that in the English journals generally, and even in those that profess to bo concerned primarily with colonial interests, there is a certain arrogance of tone adopted-and a certain disposition to speak of the Colonies as being nlways in the wrong-of which it is somwhat hurd to find a sufficient ex- planation. English writers and orators seem alike to claim a monopoly of the right of discussing the' general politicsoftheColonial question, and exalt themselves into the position of men who, taking an "Imperial view," can command tho whole features of the situation-just as a man with a clear oye on a fine morning can scan from one of tho altitudes of the Alps, tho fair face of alargo part of Europe mapped out before him. We are not indeed without some right to assume that an attention should be paid to Colonial adair» at home, that would inspiro the home treatment of us, if not with generosity, at least with justice. And the solution of the question is one of our most difficult tasks-wherein havo wo so offended that tho cudgels should have been so taken up against us 1 There would bo a simple explanation of the whole thing, if it woro true that we had ceased to have any great loading ground of com- plaint ; any substantial grievance to lift the loud voice of remonstrance against ; and if our rebellion against Imperial rule had taken the form of a series of desultory and minor com- plaints, necessasily from their nature, often of a character moro irritating than otherwise. From the general tone assumed-and the evidences of tho fact crowd upon us-tho groat intelligent public mind of England must be altogether mis- led as to the truo merits and magnitude of what measures there are still under suspense and discussion. That correspondence between the several Colonial Governments on the ono hand, and the Colonial Office on tho other, must as a rule deal largely with the moro details of ad- ministration, is unavoidable, and that the papers laid on the table of Parliament, reproducing this correspondence, should convoy tho impression that tho Colonial Office is encumbered with a host of troublesome questions, is a necessary result. But it would be wrong-and wo fear this is the mistakoofton committed-to assumothatanyre.il index is afforded by theso minor phasos as wo may call thom of the Colonial question, to whal aro tho substantial causes at issue between us. It is of importance for us to consider in what way, therefore, wo may promote the existence of such an understanding as will present our case to tho home mind, as something other than one of potty griovance-as one rather in which substantial issues are involved, in which com- plaint is based upon wrongs that aro tangible enough to be felt and weighty enough to bo bent under. And we cannot take a' bettor opportu- nity of considering this question, than at a time when there is a lull in our immediate corres- pondence with home. One mail has gone, and has left us the timo for leisurely thought. Another will bo going quite sufficiently early, to enable us to determine tho tone of our futuro communications, boforo much moro embarrass- ing action is taken. There is amidst all the existing arrangements-and the wholo mnrlunflnr in of ¡i voritv rnmnloic OUOU"Il-a lamentable want of the propor moans of securing the real ear of the great bulk of tho English people for the consideration of those matters which are not of small or detailed importance, but of paramount influence. And the Colonists themselves have been unfortunate in the steps they havo taken. The London Conference can- not bo Baid to bo a success. The idea was a somewhat grand and imposing one. It aimed at presenting the Colonies beforo the the world as a unit;-as a peoplo, consisting it is true of many parts, but with somo bonds be- tween them, that gavo them o sort of national status-with intorests, and plans, and politics at- one. But no such idea was realised in the re- sult. The one thing that tho Conference illustrated moro than anything else, was tho existenco of differences, and tho allowance of mutual jealousies to take tho force and weight out of the voiy resolutions that were in the end adopted and-wo fear wo must add the soltishness of each member of the group. In an Assombly of Colonial representatives anal- ogous in any sense to a Parliamentary Assombly, the array of party against party is a natural and legitimate development-a wholesome develop- ment. In any constituent Assombly however, held for the purpose of agreeing to the basis of a confession of faith as a fulcrum of political action, intornal dissensions are u fact at once, and an evidence, of weakness. It is by affording bucIi evidences that wo givo world currency to the belief that we really havo no common interests. It may be questioned whether tho great practical lesson taught us is not tho policy of letting eaoh Colony act for itself, taking charge of its own interests and representing them on its own behalf. What identity of causo such a course became instrumental in exhibiting, would un- doubtedly show'forth more conspicuously and in bolder relief-whilst the individual interests of Colpnies^would be weakened by no compromises 'ëffectca'Îor the purpose of attaining a lovel uni- formity of platform. After all, our Parliaments are the proper, places in which these matters should be primarily dealt with, and the voices with which they speak are invested with a special and recognised authority and effective- ness The tune may come when the federation of the Colonies, will create a machinery adequate to the practical treatment of all topics that are of common concern, and from a general Aus- tralasian point of view, deal further than this with matters of separate concern. But the parties to such a machinery 'will have proceeded to their work under heavy responsibilities as public trust-holders, the trust being conferred on them by warrant, and will hold a very different position, in fact and in estimation, from amateur conferences engaged in the simple, and not always very useful, task of ventilating ideas. One thing is clear, that all amateur and diltetante attempts at promoting theadjnstment of Colonial questions, have ceased to eommandrespectathome -very greatly from the miscellaneous charac- ter of the topics with which they deal-and that tho Colonial position has suffered in consequence especially in connection with matters of dispute. Wo must, for the future,' give prominence to what deserves to be prominent ; cease to press matters of minor importance into the fore- ground ; let our cause stand opart in its grand features ; and by adopting tliis course we may hope to stand better in the estimation of those in whose hands undoubtedly many matters lie that concern our peace. That the question of our relations with homo has assumed a very critical phase, and that it requires a very judi- cious conduct on our part to ask for justice without worrying for small concessions, we may take as our present stand-point, and the situa- tion is one in which much may bo won by being wisely sought, much may bo lost by pressing grievances unwisely. The Right Rev. the Metropolitan-.- The Right Rev. Dr. Barker, Bishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan of the Australias, preached twice in Hobart Town yesterday to crowded congrega- tions. In the morning His Lordship preached at St. John the Baptist's, Goulburn-street, from St. Matthew xii G, " But I say unto you that in this place is one greater than the Temple." In the evening Dr. Barker preached at St. David's from James iv 8, "Draw nigh to God, and ho will draw nigh to you." Both discourses were extempore, and were remarkable for clear and terse diction and lucidity of thought. Tho col- lection at St. John's amounted to nearly £15, and is to be devoted to the New Cathedral Fund ; that at St. David's amounted to ¿K1113s. Gd., and with the exception of tho part necessary to liquidate ordinary, church expenses will be devoted to the same object. His Lordship, will, we understand, leave Hobart Town on Tues- day. Clarence Municipal Accounts.-The ques- tion of the investigation of these accounts has assumed another phase. On Saturday, the Municipal Council resolved, in accordance with the resolutions of the public meeting of rate- payers, held on i¿he 12th inst., to allow the municipal accounts from tho beginning to be examined by Messrs. A. G. Webster, and Justin McC. Browne, the gentlemen named by the ratepayers, on condition that Mr. D. Lewis, and Mr. Thos. Parker, the City Accountant, should be associated with them. The matter being in its incipient state, was fairly and temporately discussed, tho general sentiment being, that it was desirable in order to allay public feeling, to have the investigation, and that pending the result, everything in the shape of suspicion or Tho action taken by Mr. W. J. Thomas, dissatisfaction, should be kept in abeyance. Council Clerk, and Superintendent of Police, in first of all going to Sydney, on leavo of absence, and then sending his resignation at the particular juncture, winn the acounts were in dispute, very likely precipitated the decision of the Warden and Councillors, to allow the accounts to be thoroughly investigated, and that by four of the most competent accountants in Hobart Town. Mr. Thomas's resignation was not accepted, pending the inquiry. The Clarence mutters were subjects of universal discussion on Saturday, m town, and at Kangaroo Point. The meeting was attonded by the whole of the Councillors, and there wero a number of ratepayers and citizens prosent, including Messrs. Turner, Wiso, Pedder, McArdell, Bignell, and Mr. Pratt, M.H.A., and others from Hobart Town. It is expected that the Warden of Clarence will conveno a special meeting of the Council in about a fortnight, to receive the report of the auditors. Assessment Appeals.-A special Court of General Sessions will be held at the Court House, Pontville, in the municipality of Brighton, on Thursday next, at 11 o'clock a.m., for tho hear- ing of appeals against the additions, alterations, &c;, that have been made in the Assessment Roll for 1870. A Court for appeals against assessments will bo held at tho Police Court, Kempton, on Saturday, tho 9th of April, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon. In both cases appeals must bo lodged with tho respective town clerks at least four clear days before the holding of tho Courts. The Police Court.-At tho Police Court on Saturday last, before Messrs. MoNaughtan and Crisp, J's. P. there wero only two unimportant cases to be disposed of. Hugh Lynam, for begging from the public, received a sentence of six months' imprisonment. A caso of an absentee apprentice, Salter v Teny, was struck out, there being no appearance of either party. Cricket Association.-The "Colts" match, to be resumed on Saturday next, commenced on Saturday last on the Association Ground ; the juniors, or " Colts," scored 121 in the first innings, the opposing team making 72 with the loss of five wickets. The Break o' Day ti. High School match, which began on 12th inst., it is proposed to continue on 9th proximo. For 10th proximo no match has yet been suggested, but for 23rd and 30th proximo the olosing match of the season is contemplated between players con- nected with the legal profession and a combined eleven from the Wellington and Break O'Day Clubs. Though cricket virtually coasos about this time of the year, it is very desirable that the present arrangements bo carried out ener- getically, in order that interest may be sustained until tho last of April, as well as tho last day of the cricketing season in Hobart Town. Press Cricket Match.-A match was played on Saturday last between two elevens solected from tho employees in' tho Mercury office, the respectivo captains being Mr. Taylor and Mr. Noall, overseers. The team under Mr. Ta3'lor gained an easy victory, having toppod their opponents by 3 nins and 5 wickots to spare. The score will alinear to-morrow. Sunday School Anniversary.-The tea and publio inoeting in connection with tho anniver- sary of tho schools in union with Brisbano-streot Chapol will take place at tho school-room this evening, Mr. Hopkins, J.P., to prosido. Industrial Bazaar. - Tho Committeo of Working Mon's Club Industrial Bazaar, which will bo opened on Wednesday, appeal to the owners of articles of interost, especially of thoso bearing on tho early history of tho colony, and request that thoy may bo forwarded for exhibi- tion, tho committeo promising to tako caro of the articlos entrusted to thom, and to roturn thom to tho owners. Such an exhibition will add much to the interest of the bazaar, and ownors of articles of interest may benefit the committeo, and gratify visitors without any cost to them- selves. Dramatio and Musical Entertainment. Miss Kate Wardo's readings from "EnstLynno" interspersed with music, and the performances of the amateur bellringers, assisted by Mr. W. H Spiller, will como off at tho Mechanics' Institute this evening when Miss Kate Warde will tako her furewell. Green Ponds Races.-The racos at Green Ponds will como off on Thursday next, to com- mence punctually at half past twelve, and will include the Maiden Plato, Greon Ponds Cup (a | handicap), Handicap Hurdle Raoo, Selling Stakes, Selling Hack Race, and Consolation Handicap. As usual, we presume, the necessary complement of vehicles will be put on tho road, for the accommodation of the sporting world. Deaih in the Hospital -The man who was picked up in the street and brought to tho Hospital on Wednesday last in an insonsiblo state, died yesterday morning without having recovered consciousness. All efforts that have as yet beon taken to discover tho name of the deceased have proved fruitless : but it is likely that at the inquest, which will probably tako place to-day, somo light may be thrown on the i matter of lu» identity. _ J Surges!^ Bay, Huon.-In addition to a post office recently established at this place-a boon of the utmost importance to tho settlers of the Lower Huon andabridge over Surges' Bay Creek, to replace a stringy bark tree that for many years did duty in that respect, the track leading from this bridge to Flight's Bay, as surveyed by Mr. Innes, has at length been opened out, and is sufficiently wide to allow a horse and dray« to travel from tho Flower Pot to Flight's Bay, and from thence to Honeywood and Franklin. The track, four feet wide, leading from the end of the bullock road at Surges' Bay, as cut by Mr. Alfred Hall for the Government at an ex- pense of £390, and representing a portion of the Great (?) ¿South Boad, is in many places blocked up with fallen trees, and the post messenger has great difficulty in travelling it. Were this track only widened from four to ten feet for two miles, a number of sawyers and splitters would at once commence operations. It is supposed there is an area of seven or eight square miles of ! valuable land and timber, but until a track bo cut, the exact quantity cannot, of course, be ascertained. Were a few pounds expended by the Government in widening Hall's track, a population would immediately Bet in, and the prosperity of the place would be established. The Crown lands, commencing about two miles from the terminus of the bullock road and the timber, are of the best description, and the Go- vernment are losing monejr every day owing to the want of a road of sufficient width to enable a dray to pass along. A few splitters are at work on the outskirts of tho good timber, and are procuring excellent palings from white stringy bark trees, whilst they are tantalized by the sight of magnificent blue gum, swamp gum, and other trees in the distance, but totally inacces- sible for want of a road. . City Council,-There will not be any meeting of the City Council this afternoon. Opening op a Crushing Plant at Water- house.-On Friday forenoon Mr. Joseph Copeland on behalf of the United Victorian and Tasmanian Quartz Mining Company waited on lils Excellency when at Entally and asked him to open the works, which is expected to take place about the 1st proximo. His Excellency expressed his regret at not being able to comply, as after his lengthened absence from the capital an accu- mulation of public business required his attention there. His Excellency said he had been obliged to refuse other invitations of a similar nature which was to hiin a subject of regret, as ho felt a deep interest in the develop- ment of our gold-fields. A Townsman.-We see by the LTaddingtonshire Courier that the lion. John Denistoun Wood has been lecturing at Prestonpans on Australia -the bush and the gold-fields. He has been winning for the colony and himself golden opinions by his felicitous and masterly treat- ment of the subject. This is as it shonld be, and more is the pity that every returned colonist does not contribute his mite towards imbuing the British mind as to the desirability of the antipodes for emigrants'of the right stamp. Insufficiently Stamped.-The following letters were posted on Saturday insufficiently stamped :-Mr. Jos. Oldham, Farmer, Long Eaton, Derbysliire, England. Mr. John Griffen, County Illinois, United States, North America. Transit through Egypt.-There aro at present two trains from Suez to Cairo and one to Alexandria daily, all of which leavo Suez in the morning. The booked through transit' ticket does not, however, include the fare on the branch line from Zagary, or from Bentia to Cairo, which has to be paid in addition to the through fare from Suez to Alexandria. Three trains leave Caño daily for Alexandria, viz. : at 8 a.m., 9.30 a.m., and 2.30 p.m., which last mentioned departure coincides with that from Suez at 8 a.m., the joint train reaching Alex- andria at 8.15 p.m. Passengers wishing to visit the Canal have to leave the train at Is- mailia, on the Lake Timsali, and proceed thence to Port Said by steamer. On the southern half of the Canal no regular service has been organ- ized, but the embankment and the Bitter Lakes aro well seen from the railway. From Ismailia to Port Said, however, thoro are regular de- partures which coincide with the arrival of the train from Suez. Visit of the Minister of Lands axd Works.-On Friday afternoon, 18th inst., Dr. Butler, Minister of Lands and Works, F. But- ler, Esq., Director of Public Works, and R. C. Gunn, Esq., Commissioner of Crown Lands, ar- rived at Circular Head overland from Table Cape, accompanied by Mr. H. J. Emmett, Chairman of the Horton Road Board, and Mr. N. Simmons, Surveyor of the district. On tho following day the Minster of Lands and Works received a deputation from the Road Board, consisting of Mr. Emmett (Chairman), and Messrs. J. G. Jones and A. Tatlow, with re- ference to matters connected with the roads and bridges of tho district, recommending that a survey bo made and a road cut through the forest a chain wide, leading from the Detention bridge (the erection of a Bunill bridge over Dallas Creek) and continuing tho road in question by Dallas's section, until it reaches the back lines to Table Capo, cutting this line open, also a chain wide, to the Boat Harbor-thereby short- ening the main line about four miles. The re- pairs of the Black River bridge were also brought under notice, and a survey of n line of road, and opening the same a chain wide, from the bridge now in course of building at the Duck River, to the settlement of the Montagu, shortening, and avoiding a bad and boggy country of at least four miles. Also tho desira- bility of extending tho road district of Horton to the Rivor Arthur, taking in Robbin's Island, which can bo crossed at low water. Dr. Butler received the deputation most courteously, and expressed himself favourable to the suggestion of tho Road Board, and tho requirements of tho district, and statod that the same would receive every consideration from the Government. Dr. Butler and the other gentlemen leave Circular Hcad_ on their return to the capital on Tuesday morning, 22nd instant.-Correspondent Laun- ceston Examiner. Fire at Quamby Bend.-Judging from state- ments in the Launceston papers, incondiaryisin luis become fearfully prevalent on that side the Island :-' ' Intelligence reached town on Thurs- day morning to the effect that, on the previous night, a fire occurred on tho farm of Mr. Stnrzaker, at Roxford, Quamby Bond, noar Westbury. About 15,000 bushels of wheat and the drum 'of the (¿uamby Bend threshing machin« were destroyed. The grain wore insured in tho Cornwall Office, but, it íb said, tho threshing machine was nat insured. Since the above was in type, a oorrespondonthas f uunishod the following particulars :-About two o'clock on the morning of Wednesday last Mr. Stur zakor's grain stacks woro discovered to bo on fire, and before any nid could bo got tho Btncks and the threshed grain and the drum of Mr. Ayre's fine threshing machine, with the men's hut, were totally destroyed. I am informed that the grain was insured for £500. An inquest is being held to-day. The firo is supposed to bo the work of an incendiary. " Bush Fires,-A correspondent of the Laun- ceston Examiner, writing from the River Don, says :-It is my painful duty to record a serious bushfire which has dostroyed several persons' crops. It would appear that a nan named Griffin set uro to his scrub on Saturday last, and on Sunday it commenced to run up towards Mr. Close's paddocks, and in tho evening was near his houso and barn. Soveral men, however, kept tho Uro off, and on leaving about 4 or 5 in the morning, everything appeared safe ; unfor- tunately, howevor, wo had a strong, dry wind on Monday^ and Mr. Closo's straw caught firo, and then the wheat in the burn, which was speedily consumed. It then crossed over tho crook tn A TWliinrmr's nnd nnnannmil 1,,'a rnxiin and also his dwelling-house. It then passed over to Jones's, and his barn caught lire, and his wheat was burned. The progress of the lira was very rapid, and it was only through the exertions of tho noighbora and mon in tho employ of Messrs. Cummings and Co., that tho farms wore saved. The fire, however, travollod with fearful rapidity, and the farm of Mr. Gibson was in the greatest danger, as well as others. It passed on, however, to the farm of Mr. Maddon, who was throshing his wheat, and the straw having caught fire, all his grain was consumed, estimated at 1G00 bushels. I understand that Mr. Maddon has also lost some carts and other things. Very great sympathy is expressed for the sufferers. . ' .| Australian Mutual Provident Society Tho twenty-first year of the oxistonco of the Australian Mutual Provident Society closed on the 28th February, and the annual mooting to receive tho report of tho directors is announcod for tho 20th of April. The businosB of the past year is enormously in oxcoas of that of any of the numorous prosperous ones which havo pre- ceded it, and wo understand that over 1880 now policies havo boon issued, producing new annual premiums oxceeding £32,000, whilst tho liability for now assurances amounts to noarly threo quartors of a million,-S. M. Beni lil, March 19th, 1870. " Were you ever at Cork, Mr. Foote ?" said an Irishman to tho comedian. ' ' No, I never was at' Cork," ropliod tho wit, " but I lia ve seen » great many drawings of it," 