MELBOURNE. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co.'s report. FAT CATTLE.-1500 Head entered-. market down 10s per head. Prime beef, 22s Gd per 100 lbs ; others, from 17s 6d.- ? i 1 FAT SHEEP.-28,000 yarded; prices 6d to Is lower. Best woollen wethers, 19s to 13s; ditto shorn, 8s 6d to 1-ls ; best woollen ewes, 9s to 10s ; ditto shorn, 7s to 8s. THE Victoria, we regret to hear, after a very rapid trip from Echuca, has unfortu nately been brought to a standstill near Morrow's, by running aground on a sand bank. The. bank, which is said to be quite a new formation thrown up probably by the floods, runs right across the river, and, as at no spot is there more than about three feet of water on it, entirely stops the navigation. The Victoria is now being unloaded, and the goods will be brought up to Wagga by drays. It is thought that the vessel, when lightened of her cargo, will be able to Ret over the bank, in which case she will be brought to Wagga and laid up for the summer. MR. ALLSWORTH has had to pay rather dearly for "asserting the right of the public" to free entry on the race-course. The only right the public have in the matter is, it seems] to pay their sixpences, and as Mr. Allsworth would not pay his, he has now been made to do so, with interest. His case was heard yesterday, and as it was understood that the defence would be that the course, or part of it, was really a reserve for recreation, and therefore open to the pubjic,, someinterest was excited. This point, however, was not taken, and there being really no defence, Mr. Allsworth was convicted and fined, the presiding magistrate, Mr. Tompson, sweetening the dose with a few suitable remarks. Something was said by the defendant's attorney, Mr. Fitzhar dinge, about- a prohibition, but we should think Mr. Allsworth must have had enough of it. It may be sweet to suffer for the public, but it is awfully expensive. WE were agreeably surprised on Wednes day last with the presentation by Mr. Shadowsky of a small parcel of prawns, being part of a consignment he had just received by coach from Sydney. The first of the kind we have seen in Wagga, they were very fine and in splendid condition, having been packed in salt, which, when washed off with soalding water, left the delicious little crustacea as fresh and bright and sweet as if they had just come out of Billingsgate. Mr. Shadowsky, we understand, intends to have a similar consignment once a fortnight. If ho can only ensure their being always in such excellent preservation, ho will no doubt find the speculation remunerative. THE opening of the sale of the goods remaining from the late Bazaar has been postponed from unavoidable causes until Monday next, when it is hoped that all will bo iii readiness. A RUMOUR was current in town yesterday afternoon that a tremendous bush-firo had swept over Mr. Jacksons's run, Boree Creek, and that Mr. Leitch's run, Berry Jerry, was also on fire. On making inquiry, wo were un able to' trace tho report to any reliable source, and therefore trust that it was only one of those stupid canards which fools invent to amuse each other. Tho danger this season of bush-fires is quite imminent enough to keep everyone anxious without tho doubtful aid of fake alarms. TUB Annual Meeting tif the Turf Clul) for tho election of officers, &o.;, will be held this day fortnight at the Australiau Hotel. A SYDNEY correspondent writas :-" The .case of Stephen v. Stephen has at last come to a much desired conclusion. If a report I heard in town this morning can be relied on, the lady has cut the Qordian knot by taking herself away (accompanied) from an ungenerous community. As she is clever, anil smart, and pretty, it is not unlikely she will find'some field for the profitable exorcise of hnr talents in the other colonies. Mr. Prank Stephen has certainly the condolence of a large portion of the femalo section of city society on his side. Women can forgive anything but baby-desertion. The Stephen dignity had a good deal to do with the origi nation of the domestic unhappiuess now BO trite a subject of conversation and indelicate comment. AUCKLAND papers give particulars of a contract for a mail from San Francisco being effected with an American line of steamers. There are threo arrangements-one, for £30,000, providing for a servico via Fiji, thonce by branch boats to the colonies; another, for £40,000, running direct to Auck land ; the third £00,000, provides a branch steamer from Auckland to this (Melbourne) port. All the three lines terminate their ocean service at Duuedin. The present line will probably continue, under a subsidy from Sydney, and go to San Francisco, via Fiji. PAIXFUIJ rumours (says the Armidalo paper) have been current in tht town during the past week, involving the character of a Public School teacher who was located at Uralla. The offence imputed to him is of a very serious nature, being nothing less than indecently conducting himself towards his female pupils. The full particulars have been furnished to us, but they are too dis gusting for publication. The delinquent, who is a married man, having one child, has strengthened the rumour l>y absconding, and so has led people to place considerable reli ance on its truth. A WRITER iu tho Melbourne Leader ob serves :-I have been accustomed to look to Yankee papers for good things on Judges. I was not aware until recently that we pos sessed a comic member on t)ie Bench. But it seems we had a Judge who does not mind knocking off in the middle of a case and shouting for all hands, witnesses included. An -up-country town lately witnessed the un [ usual spectacle :of seeing the Judge summing . up on, I think, his sixth shout. Imagine ! Sir Redmond postponing a hanging matter for five minutes, while he flings a Yankee grab with the Chief Justice for " sodas and a dash" at the Supreme Court Hotel. Picture the presiding and cheerful functionary of the County Court trying his luck " odds or evens " with the plaintiff's attorney, and the awe-stricken Court going a "muck" on his Honor ! Yet County Court Judges on the Wallaby do odd things now and then, as the residents of an up-country township can bear witness. .THE Tafs Courier is informed that on several stations iu the Yass and Queanbeyan districts large numbers of sheep are dying of what is known as " rot," resulting from tho luxurious feed Nature has provided for them during tho past season. We learn that Mr. Massy and Mr. Donnelly of Uundaroo are somewhat heavy losers. THE correspondent of the Maillaml Mer cury relates that a very extraordinary scene was witnessed at Musclebrook last Sunday morning. A valuable horse, belonging to Mr. Hall, of the Dartbrook, was left by its owner tied up in Mr. Kyan's yard, adjoining - his residence, and in which a hive of bees was kept; during tlie time the liorse remained the bees swarmed, and strange as it may seem, they selfected the head- of the unfortunate horse oil which to settle, and despite the exertions of the distracted animal they made, good their settlement; under these difficulties the madness of the infuriated beast was uncontrollable, and quite painful to witness, and it became necossary to shoot it, which was speedily done by tho police on the first opportunity that presented itself for a good shot. QUITE a controversy has arisen between the Hobart Town and Launceston papers, in reference to a case in which some scandals were involved, which was beard at Hobart Town, but not reported by the papers. The case, which was one of affiliation, occupied the court for some hours, and was listened to by a numerous audience, but the report was suppressed, on the ground that "it would harrow the feelings of the family," and similar reasons. The matter was brought under the attention of the papers at Launceston by applications made to them by friends of some of the parties to tho case, requesting that if any report were forwarded it should not be inserted. The Cornwall Chronicle prints one of these letters, which was to the following effect:-"'You had better not let any reference to an affiliation case appear in yonr journal. It is amongst the white-choker party, but a very influen tial party, especially in newspaper work. The case has been dismissed, because thero was no proof of the paternity of the child. Many respectable people are involved. It will como again before the Bench. The court was crowded all day. I send this caution, as some of your correspondents might perhaps send up a import. It would hurt you seriously to print it Great efforts and expense have been made in Hobart Town to keep it out of the papers.' Now this (says the Chronicle) wo considered coining it rather too strong, endeavouring to intimidate us in the' execution of our public duty, and further accusing our Hobart Town contemporaries of bribery and corruption. Our curiosity was excited, and wp at once reforred to the Hobart Town papers of Thursday; but sure enough, thero was no "oport of. the case. The Mercury says : ' A case «£ affiliation occupied the time of the magistrates for nearly five hours, but tho details being unfit for publication, it is sufficient to state that tho information was dismissed.' The Tasmanian Timci Minds up its report in the following words :-'One* other case being disposed of, tho court then roso.' Hero was, to some extent, corrobora tion of tho statements made by our corres pondents. We felt more and more curious, ao wo telegraphed to a gentleman who some times acts for us in tho South, for particu lars. His reply, was laconic and unsatis factory-'Never do to publish ; I decline to furnish report.' Wo cannot say that this had a soothing effect upon our nerves, so wo telegraphed again to another of our corres pondents. His reply was a settlor-'You must be unacquainted with tho loathsome surroundings, or you would not report. It could sorve no purposo, but only harrow the heart of a disconsolate wife. I would soon or have iny arm off than be the agent of pub lication.'" Tho Ghronictc at last succeeded in getting particulars of the case,- and, while considering that there was no reason why it should not have been reported under a proper exorcise of discretion, atated that it would not now supply what it had been the duty of others to give. The Hobarfc Town press defends its courso in the matter, the L.iunceston papers reply, the matter is kept well agitated in public discussion and private conversation, and apparently far more harm has been clone than would have been occa sioned by even the worst style of reporting. In addition to all this, the guessing and speculation which have been freely em ployed have involved names of persons altogether free from any complicity with the case, while, had a report been given, the disgrace that the exposure might have caused would have devolved upon those who de served it. THE earlier sheds on the Peak Downs are (says tho Telegram of October 19) now finished, and from all quarters tho most satisfactory accounts of the clip a.ro daily received. Tho effect of the paddocking system ou the wool is most apparent. Not only is the -wool ranch cleaner and more abundant, but it possesses a sort of healthy character previously unknown. The average weight per fleece is confidently expected to be some ounces heavier than that of previous years, tho plethora of wool at Banchory being so great that several of tho poor shearers are said to have lost the number of their mess through boing suffocated in tho mass of wool from the sheep they were sheaving. This, however, is a rumour we cannot authenticate; but there cau be no doubt that the clip this year, is the best ever known. The shearers are still fully employed in the sheds that commenced when those first in the field were concluded. Trie "Diary of a Besieged Resident of Paris," given in the Daily JSrews of October 17, contains some amusing descriptions of scenes in the great capital, then preparing for the horrors of attack. The writer says : -" I went this morning into a shop, the pro prietor of which, a bookmaker, I have long known,, and I listened with interest to tho conversation of this worthy man with some of his neighbours who had dropped in to have a, gossip, and to congratulate him on his martial achievements, as he had been on guard in a bastion. We first discussed why' the army of the Loire had not arrived, and we came to the conclusion that it was on gaged in rallying Bazainc. 'I should like to ! read your English newspapers now,' said | one; ' your Time* told us we ought to cede j Alsace and Lorraine; its editor must now I acknowledge that Paris is invincible.' I told him that I felt convinced that he 'did so every morning. 'No peace,' said a,little tailor, who had been prancing about on an imaginary steed, killing imaginary Prussians, ' we have made a pact with death ; the world knows now what are the consequences of attacking us.' Tho all-absorbing question of subsistence then came up, and some one re marked that beef would give out sooner than mutton. ' We must learn,' observed a jolly looking grocer,'' to vanquish the prejudices of our stomachs. Even , those who do not like mutton must sacrifice their taste to their country.' I mildly suggested that per haps in a few weeks the stomachs which had a prejudice against rats would have to over come it. At this the countenances of the gossips fell considerably, when the boot maker, after mysteriously closing the door, i whispered, ' A secret was confided to me this morning by an intimate friend of General ' Trochu. There is a tunnel which connects ; Paris with the provinces, and through it j flocks and herds are entering the town.' | This news cheered us up amazingly. My i bootmaker's wife came in to help him off I with his military accoutrements ; so, with a compliment about Venus disarming Mars, I withdrew in company with an American, who had gone into the shop with me. The American is a sort of transatlantic Bunsby. He talks little, but thinks much. His sole observation to me as we walked away was this, ' They will squat, sir; mark my words, sir, they will squat.' I received this oracular utterance with respect, and I leave it to others to solve its meaning. X am myself a person of singular'credulity, but even I sometimes ask myself whether all I hear and read can be true. Was there really, as all the newspapers this morning inform me, a meeting last Sunday at London of over 400,000 persons, who were addressed by eminent M.P.'s, by the principal merchants and owners of manufactories in England, at which resolutions were adopted denouncing tho Queen, and calling upon Mr. Gladstone either to retire from ofiico, or to declare war against Prussia." AN excursion is being got up in Melbourne on something the same principle as that indulged in by Mark Twain and his fellow voyagers from New York, an account of which is given in his now book, " The Inno cents Abroad." The steamship Alhambra is advertised for a pleasure excursion to New Zealand. She is to leave on the 31st of the present month to suit the holidays, and will proceed in tho first instance to the splendid scenery on the West Coast, visiting Mclford Sound; her route will then be through Foveaux Straits to the East Coast, returning from Wellington to Nelson by Cook's Straits and the French Pass. The trip is expected to be complctod in four weoks. Mark Twain's excursion was to Europe and-the Holy Land, "a picnic," as he describes it, " on a gigantic scale, the participants in it, ! instead of .freighting an ungainly steam ferry, i boat with youth' and 'beauty and-;pies and ! doughnuts, and paddling up some obscure creek to disembark upon a grassy lawn and wear themselves out with a long summer's day laborious {rollicking,under tho impres sion that it was fun, were to sail away in a . great steamship with flags flying and cannon pealing, and take a royal, holiday beyond the broad ocean, in majiy a strange clime and in . many a land renowned in history!" It war, i\s Mark Twain said, a brave conception the offspring of a most ingenious brain. Our Melbourne neighbours are for ever to be found on the track of their Atlantic cousins, and wo suppose this trip from Melbourne to the classic land of tho Maorics is got up as a speculation by some such ingenious brain. NEWS has boen received in Plymouth of tho discovery by tho Colonial Government geologists (Messrs. Sawkius and Brown) of magnificent waterfalls, far exceeding thoso of Niagara, which are reported to exist in Domerara, British Guiana. They are Baid to be on tho upper part' of the Potaro rivor, three days' joUrney from the colonial penal settlement, and within 100 miles o£ the capital o£ the colony. Although bo near, comparatively, to European Battlements, they have hitherto remained unknown to civilised men, and are but rarely visited by the Indians, who have not appreciated their marvellous character. The falls consist o£ two leaps, one being a perpendicular fall o£ 770 feet, and the second ovor 50 feet. -The volume of water measured in the dry season is 28 feet in depth, and nearly 100 yards broad. The Government of the colony have undertaken to open up the neighbourhood, and give facilities to visitors. Tiik flour-mill of Mr. Pernell, in Parra, matta-atreet, was burnt down early on. Monday last. The property destroyed is valued at £10,000, of which .EGOOO is covered by insurance. 