SYDNEY SUMMARY. JOSEPH SALISBURY and James Gregg have been committed for trial at the next criminal court for" defrauding the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. The inquest on the late fire at the town-hall was concluded on Wednesday, the jury finding that the premises had been wilfully and maliciously set on fire, on the 30th ultimo, by some person or persons unknown. (From the 8. M. IleratbL At a meeting of the executive council held on Thursday morning at Government House, the resignation of the premier (the Hen. John Robert. eon) was accepted, and the Hen. Charles Cowper, O.M.G., vice-president of the executive council, was also sworn in to the ofice of colonial seoretary. Mr. Cowper has entered upon the duties of his office; and by virtue of his acceptance of which his seat as a mnmber of the Legislative Assembly for Liverpool Plains has become vacant. There is a general im pression that sixty days must elapse before the issue of a now writ. There is, however, a clause in the Electoral Act of this colony which makes spaoial provision for cases such as this, and by virtue of the enactment to which we refer, a now writ will be at once issued. It is almost superfluous to state- Mr. Robertson's retirement from the government which he formed fourteen months ago, has not arisoen from any difference of opinion with his colleagues on matters of public policy, or been occasioned by any disagreement on personal grounds. It is generally known that Mr. Roberloon is involved in several partnership concerns; and we believe that he now purposes to devote his attention wholly to his pri, vatoe affairs. Somo change has been anticipated in the composition of the cabinet within the last few days; but Mr. Robertson'e withdrawal from the government will take many by surprise, and it will be a matter of extreme regret to Mr. Robertson'es numerous friends that circumstances should have rendered the present stop necessary. Mr. Robert eon has hold office as a minister of the crown in six or seven administrations, and during the seven or eight years of his oflloial life, he has always occupied. positions of prominence and distinction. On Wednesday afternoon a now instrument for transmitting messages by olectrio telegraph was ex hibited at Mr. John Clarke's asseombly rooms, the Colonnade, Elizabeth-street. The honorable the minister for works was expected to be present, but was prevented from attending by press of publio business. Among the gentleman present were Mr. E. C. Oracknell, the superintendent of telegraphs; Mr. John Raoe, M.A.,..nnder-secretary for public works; Mr. James Barnet, the colonial architect; Dr. AMc Furlano, and others. The instrument wasn shown by IMr. Patrick Herbert, who has displayed considerable ingenuity, not only in the discovery of the principle which distinguishoes his instrument from others of the same kind, but also for the skill with which he has contrived to construct his model from the rudest materials. The alphabet used id the same as that employed in the telegraph departmens of this colony-a succession of dots and dashes var iously arranged to represent the different letters and these are produced by Mr. Hoebert's instrument simply by pressure of the finger upon the keyl. Upon each key is printed the letter of the alphabet which it is intended to form, so that any person who can read may, although ignorant of telegraphy, transmit a message. The dote and dashes in the telegraphio alphabet are produced with mathe matical accuracy, and they may easily be deciphered by anybody in possession of the alphabet. The model shown on Wednesday was simply put forth in illustration of the inventor's method, and Mr. Herbert pointed out some particulars in which he could rearrange his Iseyboard so ano to enable the operator to work the instrument with greater facility. Mr. Craclnell tested the powers of the instrument, and indicated certain improvements whichcould bemade in its mechanism. He appeared to approve very much of its simplicity ; and, if im proved as it was capable of being improved, he said it was likely to become of great use. Mr. Her bert, we may mention, is an overseer in the boot makling department of Berrima gaol; but he cer tainly appears to have talents which would fit him for more profitable employment in the service of the state. He remarked that he was perfectly willing to placehis invention at the disposal of the govern mInt without any pecuniary reward, but he was cer tainly anxious to "get out of gaol " and be placed in some other department of the service for which the government might think he had ability. On Wednesday evening a very heavy-built man, said to be a navvy, was brought to the Redfern eta Lion receiving-house from up the line, suffering from a severe sun-stroke sustained by him while at work during the day. Ho was in a state of complete prostration, and a cab being procured he was at once placed therein and convoyed to the infirmary, where he now lies in a precarious condition. So far as the returns received indicate the results of the last of the genieral elections, Mr. Church is the representative of the Westorn, Mr. Baker of the Southern, and Mr. Wisdom of the Northern Gold fields. rFmt ,sr .nl?re I * On Monday afternoon a man of respectable ap pearance, who is reported to be a well-to-do settler on the Clarence River, and who having a sonlabove buttons, disdained to seooek a matrimonial agency, if such a luxury existed in Sydney, called at Hyde Park Benevolent Asylum, and announced that he had come to seek a companion for life. He was allowed the opportunity of inspoeting the in mates; but the object of his visit having transpired, a lady, buxom and well-favoured-fat, fair, and forty-quickly stepped forward, and promptly vol unteered her services, which weore as readily and promptly accepted. The bargain was struck with out any pestering conditions as to pin-money and marriage settlements ; and an appointment was made for the following (this) morning at ten o'clock, when the nuptial knot was to be tied. At the appointed hour this colonial Coolebo in search of a wife duly made his appearance at the asylum, in a properly decorated equipage, and duly provided with a wed ding-ring and keeper for his blushing bride. He appeared also to be amply supplied with bank-notes of various values to defray the expenses and to keep up the dignity of the hymeneal ceremonies, and was accompanied by three or four male friends who had volunteered their services as best men on the happy occasion. The bride having obtained the services of a dashing bridesmaid (one of the inmates of the institution) joined the expectant bridegroom and his friends, who were driven off with the utmost celerity to the residence of a clergyman, whore the two were united after loss than twenty-four hourn' acquaintance with each other. On the under standing that no cards were issued, we refrain from further particulars. It is probable, however, that something more definite may yet appear in our usual columns. On Monday afternoon Mr. Darvall, of the firm of Fotheringham and Darvall, went to see a friend -off by the Melbourne steamer, and on arriving at the wharf he saw a crowd at the end in a very oxoited state. Making his way through them, he discovered thata man and boy were struggling for life in the water. Mr. Darvall coolly handed his coat to a by stander and jumped in between them, and with one hand held up the little boy while he managed to assist the man to reach the beams under the wharf, and then placed the boy in safety. He struck out again after his hat, which in his eagerness to save life he had forgotten to take off. Such intrepid conduet deserves public recognition, for one or both would assuredly have been drowned had not Mr. Darvall had the presence of mind to do as he did. The crowd was rushing hero and there, excited, and no doubt trying to help, but of no. service to those drowning. On Thursday evening the town and suburbs wero enveloped in bush-fire smoke, and over towards Botany several miles of scrub were one mass of fire. Towards Lane Cove other fires must have been burn ing, judging from the refleotion of the eky. 