TELg&BAMg.; SYDNEY, December 17. The Sydney Morning Herald this morning contends that no mail service to San Francisco will 6uit New South "Wales, "Victoria, or Queens land which makes a detour by Way of New Zealand, or which does not give a fortnightly service alternating wicn cnat vta.: Suez and G-alle. Of the services recently proposed to the New Zealand Government by the North Pacific Com pany, No. 4 is the only route which is likely to find acceptance with the Australian colonies. SYDNEY, December 19. It is reported that each of the new Ministers will be opposed when they go for re-election. A Mr. F. C. Lane, lately arrived from Auck land, jumped overboard from the Morpeth steamer to-day when she was out at sea, and was drowned. The premises of Mr. Foy, ironmonger, of Hunter street, were totally destroyed by fire yesterday morning. Mr. Foys loss is estimated at £4,500. He is insured in the Pacific Insurance office for £2,000, and in the United Insurance Company for £1,000. It is reported that the premises are uninsured. The Agnes Banfield sailed from Ho Ho for Melbourne on the 24th September. SYDNEY, December 20. A fatal accident occurred at Goulburn yester day, when two boys bathing in the Mulwarree ponds were drowned. They were cousins. The seats of all Ministers have been declared vacant, and Parliament has been adjourned until the 24th January. During a thunderstorm four men were taking shelter in a house at Kiama last night. One of them was killed, and two others were injured by lightning. SYDNEY, December 21. Henry Kendall was tried to.-day for forgery and uttering. The jury returned a verclict of acquittal, believing him to be insane. At the wool sales to-day 1,000 bales were offered, but only a small lot was purchased, buyers being anxious to receive their mail advices before operating. SYDNEY, December 23. H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh and his aid-de camp dined at Government House, Noumea, when there were great demonstrations of respect for His Royal Highness. The steamship City of Melbourne, with the Californian mails, has arrived. NEW ZEALAND. AUCKLAND, Via SYDNEY, December 20. Herr Bandmann performs at Auckland for a month, under the patronage of H.R.H. the Dnke of Edinburgh. H.M.S. Galatea arrived to-day from New Cale donia, and is awaiting the arrival of the English mail. The Waikato district is in a disturbed state. The King natives are at Tokangamuti, under arms. Te Kooti is reported to be moving about the EaBt Coast settlements, and the settlers are under arms. Several deaths hare occurred at Auckland from English cholera. ADELAIDE, December 17. The crops on the Murray fiats, it is believed, will average this season from twenty-five to thirty bushels to the acre ; but take South Australia right through, the crops are expected to yield from ten to twelve bushels where last year they gave from twenty-five to forty bushels to the acre. ADELAIDE, December 19. The foundation-stone of the Smyth memorial chapel was laid in the Roman Catholic cemetery yesterday. Freights are rising here. The ships are asking 66s. per ton from this to England. ADELAIDE, December 20. South Australian flax is highly commended in England, and is in large demand at 46s. per cwfc, 8 p.m. — The Warrior has been chartered to take wheat to Great Britain. The Chief Secretary, in the Council, stated that the Government had received applications from persons in Alsace for facilities' to emigrate here. ADELAIDE, December 21. A large bushfire was raging on Kangaroo Island on Saturday. Mr. Todd, superintendent of telegraphs, has arrived in Adelaide from the Far North. He reports that everything in connection with the construction of the telegraph line to Port Darwin is proceeding satisfactorily. The material for 400 miles of the central portion of the line have already passed the Peake. In the Assembly the Port Augusta Railway Bill and Gold Mining Bill have passed their third reading. Wheat remains very firm. A Massachusetts editor says : — "A man who is owing us a little bill said he would call last week and pay us if he was alive. He still appears in the street, but, as he did not call, it is naturally supposed he is dead, and is walking about to save funeral expenses. When Merit is Least Considered. — a minister who has sprung from the people will always conciliate the aristocracy- Having no family influence of his own, he endeavours to gain the influence of others ; and it often happens that merit is never less considered than when merit fcw the minuter 