WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY I6. 1870. "Willing to wound and yet afraid " to strike," aptly describes the posi- tion of tho Opposition in the Legis- lative Assembly last night. Loudly they had boasted of what they would do. Of their willingness to do there ' was not the slightest doubt, but they sat inactive, if not ashamed. The pro- gramme enunciated by the Ministry in the GOVERNOR'S speech, though not by any means a brilliant of the first water, was yet so superior to the opaque pebbles which the former Adminis- tration had been in the habit of throwing before Parliament, that the " Old hat" faction, the members who were called into Parliamentary being to vote and not to discuss, sat paralysed. They had been fooled into the belief that the Government would meet the House without a policy, and lo ! a better policy than they had ever dreamed of was presented to them. Their scout was false. They were led up to what they had been induced to believe was a practicable breach, and they found it so strongly defended that they became utterly demoralised, and had to sue for terms. A delay, an adjournment if only for one day-was the modest request which Mr. BATES preferred on behalf of his chiefs, who made no sign. The blundering of the hon. gentleman was amusing in the extreme. He had evidently been thrust forward, a not too willing instrument, and unable to criti- cise the speech, he commenced to object to the conduct of the Government in merely stating the measures which they intended to bring forward, instead of ex- plaining in detail their purport and intended operation. He was at once called to older by the Speaker, who re- minded him that his remarks, however applicable to the measures when brought in, were not appropriate then, and he im- mediately subsided. With the exception of a somewhat sarcastic query by the Chief Secretary as to whether the request of Mr. BATES was to be considered as coming from the Opposition as a party, no objection was offered to the ad- journment, and the fust night of the session would have been of the tame3t description had it not been for Mr. G. P. SMITH. This unfortunate gentleman, for whom no feeling but that of the pro- foundest pity can now be entertained, seems resolved again to make himself notorious. Had he only remained in the temporary obscurity to which he was relegated by the prorogation of Parliament, he and his faults might have been alike forgotten, and it would still be but charitable to regard his ex- traordinary behaviour as the outcome of a diseased intellect induced by disappointed ambition. In the course of the brief discussion which took place last evening, he rudely interrupted Dr. MACARTNEY, who was addressing the House on the question of the adjourn- ment of the debate. Dr. MACARTNEY turned to the hon. member, and said, " a day will come for the settle- " ment of accounts between him and " myself, and I shall then show him " t\hat he is conscious of." To this Mr. SMITH, who seemed utterly be- side himself, responded by saying that " he was ready to kick the " hon, member whenever he pleased." Such a threat of course produced a scene, the words were taken down, and after a somewhat severe rebuke from the Speaker, Mr. SMITH was compelled to apologise and to withdraw his remark. The lesson, however, was thrown away upon him, for immediately afterwards, meeting Dr. MACARTNEY in one of the lobbies, he struck him. Fortunately for the credit of the House, and moat fortunately for Mr. SMITH, Dr. MACART- NEY refrained from retaliating, and Mr. SMITH, declining an invitation to the White Hart on the opposite side of the road, took temporary refuge in the Parliamentary refreshment room. Poor Mr SMITH'S case seems hopeless. He never had much control over him- self j his eccentricities served in no small degree to destroy the party with which he was connected, and to hurl the late Administration from power, and now, having mined everything else which it was possible for him to ruin, he seems resolved to complete the political destruction of himself. Mr. SMITH is a i lamentable example of the danger of [ a little learning. Like the poor countryman t\ho scanned the boun- dary of tho hoiizon, and , believed he had seen the whole'world, Mr. SMITH has laboured under the fatal delusion that there was neither knowledge nor wisdom outside himself. ¡ The horizon which bounds his world is even more limited than tint of the unlettered rustic. How the House may feel disposed to deal with Mr. SMITH for the gross breach of its piivileges which he hub committed, wo know 'not, but probably, remember- ing his but too apparent infirmity of temper, as well as the insignificance to which he has reduced himself, it will be inclined to deal leniontly with him, be content with insisting upon an ample apology, and censuring him through Mr. Speaker, instead of consigning him to the tender mercies of the Sergeant-afc Arms. Had such an outrage upon the com- mon decencies of society, to say nothing of tho forbearance and gentlemanly de meanour which, should characterise a Legislative Assembly, been committed by an hon. member who could be consi- dered altogether responsible for his acts, the occurrence would not only have been deplorable in itself, but it would have been a bad omen for the session. As it is, too much importance should ' not bo attached to it. To insult a brother member, as Mr. G. P. SMITH attempted to insult Dr. MACARTNEY, AVUUla, lu iii- ~--. -i .-«-(? rvni-anna rolin are permitted to associate with gentlemen, be considered a heinous clime, but coming from Mr. SMITH, it can only bo regarded as a very venial offence. It is not alto- gether improbable that some good may evolve out of the episode of last evening. It brought the Chief Secretary to the front in a character in which every member at all anxious to preserve the good name of the House must have been delighted to seo him. On Mr. SMITH at first declining to with- draw his offensive remark, in obedience to the mandate of the Speaker, Mr. MACPHERSON at once moved that the hon. member was deserving of the censure of the House, and that he be censured by Mr. Speaker accord- ingly, and said that %a -was determined that, so far as he was able, the decorum of debate should be preserved, and the irregularities which in past sessions had been indulged in prevented. Mr. M'CUL LOCH took umbrage at this statement,con- tending that he had never tolerated any impropriety, although at the same time he admitted that he had allowed a squabble to continue for two hours be- fore he interfered. This was precisely Mr. M'CULLOCII'S fault. He was so in- dulgent. Ile never attempted to assert the authority of the House until it was too late, and then he found himself powerless. Mr. MACPHERSON has adopted another course, and it is to bo hoped that he will continue in it. It matters little either to the Assembly or the country what, in a political sense, becomes of Mr. G. P. SMITH ; but it is a matter of great importance that the Legislative Assembly of Victoiia shall not be allowed to degenerate into an arena where may be tolerated either the antics of buffoons or the threats of bullies. Some time in 1871 wa shall be in direct telegraphic communication with the four quarters of the globe. The whole of the capital has been subset ibed, without the necessity of makiug an ap- peal for a subsidy or for a guaranteed dividend to any of the Australian Governments, and this fact constitutes in itself a significant illustration of the confidence which is entertained by English capitalists in the future of these colonies, and in the permanence of their political, social, and commercial relations with the mother country. Next to this gratifying announcement we have thd scarcely loss satisfactory assurance that the question of emigration is assuming increased prominence in Great Britain, and that a public company has been projected, with a capital of a quarter of a million sterling, the object of which we infer to be the affording assist- ance to emigrants by means of advances, to be seemed and repaid, -with interest, after a certain term. The subject of our future relations with the Imperial Government is still occupying a large share of public attention, and as Earl GRANA'ILLE appears to be impracti- cable, it has been resolved to form a "National, Colonial, .Vnd Emigra " tion League ;" but for the details of the proposition we must await the arrival of the mail. Mr. TALLERMAN, with characteristic energy, has had an interview with the Emperor NAPOLEON j on the subject of providing the operative classes of Paris and other large cities with cheap dinners of Australian meat, and as no one knows better than the EMPEROR the close connexion which has always existed in France, and more par- ticularly in the French capital, between hunger and insurrection, we may be almost coi tain that Mr. TALLERI AN'S proposals will meet with favourable consideration in the Tuileries. Add to these items of intelligence the issue of the balance of our five per cent, loan at a premium, the brisk demand for Australian securities, the liberal prices which are being obtained for Queensland cotton and New Zealand Hax, and the alleged solution by Pro- fessor GAMGEE of the problem-how to preserve meat for a long voyage-and we have pretty well exhausted the news possessing a special interest for local readers received by electric telegraph. " Fenianism seems to have been cowed by the firmness of the Imperial Govern- ment. Mr. GLADSTONE'S attitude to- wal ds the malcontents is that of Justice. ' In the one hand he holds the scales, and with the other he grasps the sword. He is equally prepared to do right and to punish wrong. He will satisfy his own conscience and that of the English people, by remedying every grievance of which the people of Ireland have reason to complain, but he will not parley with treason nor tolerate rebellion, If it be true that the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act has paralysed Fenianism, the circumstance lends some sanction to the statement made by two or three influential newspapers at home, that the insurgents constitute but a small, though an active and troublesome, section of the Irish people, and that the latter aro terrorised over by the former. When the peaceably disposed are convinced that all the civil and military powers at the disposition of the Government .will be employed, if necessary, in vindication of the law and for the maintenance of the public peace, Fenianism will pro- bably find fewer persons to acquieace in its sentiments, and a greater number who will openly resist its attempts to coerce men into insurrection. The formation of a Liberal Ministry in France seems to have given satisfac- tion to all but the " irreconcilables f and tho new Minister of tho Interior has already taken steps to secure free- dom of election, and to prevent the prefects from manipulating the ballot boxes, as they have done hitherto. The EMPRESS is about to abdicate her political functions, and the resto- ration of Parliamentary government is affording encouragement to the friends of rational libertyin France. That the Comte DE CHAMBOBD should have selected this particular moment for the issue of a manifesto affirming that hereditary monarchy is the one thing needful for the countrymen of Louis XV., is only another proof of the truth of the hack neyed mot concerning the BOURBONS. The sword and the pen have come into col- lision in Paris after a tragic fashion. M. RociiEroRT, of Lanterne notoriety, had lampooned Prince, PIERRE BONAPARTE iii a revolutionary paper called the the persifleur, and M. NOIR, a friend of the latter, waited upon the challenger to arrange tho preliminaries. A quarrel arose, and M. NOIR, it seems, assaulted the PRINCE, who shot his visitor dead and the funeral of M. NOIR was made the occasion of a political demon- stration against the house of BONA- PARTE. It must be confessed that the EMPEROR is very unfortunate in his relations, as much so as his uncle was.- jQonius, though it is sometimes hereditary, is rarely collateral. Prince PIERRE has been arrested and impri- soned, and will be tried before the High Couit of Justice. The (Ecumenical Council at Rome does not appear to be a happy family, and the resistance which is being offered by'a «.strong body of prelates to the dogma of Papal infallibility is to be neutralised, it is said, by intrigue. If established and enforced, it is likely to lead to a disruption, it is stated, and great events may be looming in the future. Erom America we learn that there is little expectation of a satisfactory settle- ment of the Alabama difficulty j and the Americans are anxious that any fresh negotiations on the subject should be conducted at Washington, so that Mr. MOTLEY should not find a sweet seductive Capua in London as Mr, PIEVERDY JOHNSON did. The Cuban insurrection has nearly spent its force, and lhere are the usual rumours of a Fenian invasion of Canada. The Red River settlers, rather than be absorbed in the dominion of Canada, have raised the standard of independence, but are never- theless willing to negotiate for admis- sion into the obnoxious federation. General M'DOUGALL has resorted, it is said, to the objectionable practico, pur- sued by our officers in the War of Inde- pendence, of raising a force of In- dians and half-castes to be employed against the colonists. His recall, how- ever, may be regarded as an indication that this policy is disapproved of by the Government. , Yesterday witnessed tho opening of the third session of the sixth Victorian Parlia- ment, the proceedings at which are duly re coidcd in our Parliamentary report, It was an important occasion, but the heat of the weather, and peihaps the fact that circum- stances have not turned out so adverse to the Government as the oracles of the late Mi- nistry would have us to believe, helped to make the occasion a very tame affair, andona of ceremony merely. A guard of honour of the 2-14th Regiment was outside Parlia- ment Houses to receivo His Excellency, bat the attendance of the public was extremely meagre.11 The interior of tho Legislative Council Chamber also presented a very poor spectacle, perhaps tho shabbiest ever known when Parliament was opened under similar circumstances. The ladies present did not make a particularly brilliant show, and the discontinuance of the practice which caused tho leading officials of tho country to bo in- vited to bo present on former occasions has doubtless helped to reduce the outward value of tho proceedings. As it was, the formalities were complied with, and Parliament was duly opened by His Excellency Viscount Can- terbury, who looked remarkably well. The proceedings in connexion with tho opening of Parliament in tho Legislative Council yesterday wero of a very quiet de- scription. After the delivery of the Governor's speech, the address in reply was adopted, on tho motion of Mr. Walsh, and the Housothon adjourned until Tuesday next. As might have been anticipated, a consider- able number of notices, both of motions and questions,.were given yesterday in tho Legisla- tive Assembly by lion, members, who seemed anxious in this way to let their constituents, at tho earliest possible opportunity, know that they were at their post. Among the moro important of tho notico3 may bo men- tioned one by Mr. T. Cope for a committee to inquire into the truth of tho strange story recently told at the Land Office by Mr. Wil- son ; one by Mr. Bowman, to ask what stcpä the Government intend to take to compel the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Com pany to restore their line to efficient working older; another by tho same bon. member re- lativo to the non-appointment of a Royal commission to inquire into tho working of the Lands department ; and ono by Mr. Longmore, for leave to introduce a bill pro- viding for the payment of mombeia. The most important of all, howevor, was that by Mr. Casey :-" That on Wednesday he would move that a select coramittco be appointed to consider and report upon the expediency of inviting the co-operation of the several colonies of Australasia, for the follow- ing purposes :-1. To próvido (for the extra- dition of offenders from one colony to an- other. 2. To próvido means whereby the effect of insolvency or tho granting of pro- bate or letters of administration in the colony shall bo extended to all. 3. Tho adoption of a system whereby execution may issuo in any colony upon the registration of tho judgmont of tho Supreme Court of any other colony. 4\. The establishment of a court of nppoal. Tho Legislative Assembly is likely to be engaged in a rich caso of privilege this evening. Not content with insulting tho Legislativo Assembly yesterday, by threaten- ing to kick one of its members-Dr. Macart- ney-and being compelled to withdraw as offensive expression, Mr. G. P. Smith after wards met Dr. Macartney in ono, of the lobbies of the Houso, and struck him. Dr Macartney prudently abstained from return- ing the blow, and will take other measures to restrain'the'impetuosity of his opponent, who, aftoLcoartnittin'g tho assault, mW declined^ suggestion that ho should stop outside." , The Opposition have not as yot resolved upon their tactics. Tho Ministry have taken up a position far stronger than was antici- pated, and therefore the forces hostilei to tho Government wero last night drawn off. M amendment was proposed, hut the debite or» the address in reply to tho Governor's speocU was on the motion of Mr. Bates, adjourned until tp-dny. , , , '_ The R.M.S. Malta had not been sighted ol Cape Otway at 4 o'clock this morning. Weare jjiewed-to learn that tho Commis- sioner of Railways has been pressing fo^J~ tho preliminary work in connexion wita tue North-Eastom Railway with vory commend- able alacrity. It is obviously necessary as » Cist step to obtain possession of the lana through which the railway is to be made, ana in older to effect this theowners and occupiers have to bo served with notices under the act, and they then send in their claims, m° service of the notice oporates as a contract, and the land may thereafter bo entered upon when required ¡ but in justice to thei owner* and indeed on all accounts, it is desirtuw) that tho claims should be promptly inves- tigated and dealt with. For the past three -reeks this part of tile business has been pro- ceeding, -and tbo whole of tho notices on the first GO miles will be served, and negotiations opened, with as little delay as possible. Mr. Covvdoroy, who .was employed professionally in the valuations for the Ballarat and Echuca linos, is also con- ducting the valuations and negotiations for the North-Easturn, and we understand that a considerable number of claims has already been arranged and ara in train for settlement. Cases of dispute about the compensation Claimuu »in v," J.-II. ,";n, nn¿Jor thñ T.ntirU Compensation Statute, 1809, which simplifies considerably the order of proceeding, and will protect the country against the costs and some of the difficulties in which the Govern- ment havo hitherto been involvod in dealing "with unreasonable claimants. All cases under £200, in which the claimant refuses to accept tho offer recommended by the valuer, will have to bo decided by a police magistrate. In all othor cases, either a county court judge -or police magistrate must be the sole arbitra- tor, or if other arbitrators aio appointed, they must select a county court judge or police magistrate as umpire. Several deputations waited on the Minister for iiands yesterduy. The most important was the deputation from the recent public meeting 'for the suppression of obnoxious trades car lied on upon the banks of the Yarra. Mr. M'Kean appeared at first to think that the corporation were to blame for permitting tho nuisances to exist in such a manner as to be injurious to public health, and ho recom- mended them to summon the offenders to the police court under the Health Statute, or have them indicted at common law. The deputa- tion, however, strongly urged their claims for supportfrom the Government, and ultimately Mr. M'Kean promised to lend what assistance lay in his power, nt the same timo stating that ho should not renew any of the yearly leases when thoy oxpiied. Mr. Butters, M.L.A., mentioned that the proprietors of the offen- sive factories contemplated a removal in the direction of Williamstown or to the mouth of the Werribee, in consequence of the de- monstration that was being made against them. At either place they would bo ablo to make use of the railway. Mr. M'Kean pro- mised another deputation that the Geelong racecourse should be reserved for recrea- tive purposes, and vested in trustees, so that it might be fenced-in. To a deputa- tion from the Old Colonists' Association, ho stated that the legal objections to their appli- cation for a site for nlmshouses had been re. moved, and steps would be taken at once to mark on six acres for them, and six acres for the almshouses for decayed and indigent actors, upon a block of land at Northcote, on the Merri Creek. Au application on behalf of the borough of Stawell, for the reservation of two small allotments of land for public purposes, was acceded to. The Commissioner for Roads and Budges was usked by a deputation, yesterday, to re- distribute the Mulgiave and Oakleigh toll fund; and he promised to decide upon the ap- plication when he had received some informa- tion that was to be supplied in a day or .two. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Kernot, .Richardson, Connor, and Cunningham, M.L.A.'s, and Mr. Franks, waited on the Chief Secretary yesterday, with tho view of requesting bim to place a sum of money on the Estimates for the erection o£ a new in- dustrial school at Geelong. It was pointed out that the present building was, from its central position, likely to infect the wholo town if any contagious disease broke out amongst the children confined in it. It was also urged that the building was greatly in need of repairs, which could only be thoroughly performed at an expense likely to be almost as great as the cost of erecting a new school on the Geelong town common, and as a further iucentive for the Govern- ment to take immediate action, it was stated that the site of the present school was ex- tremely valuable, and would realise, if sold, a sufficient sum to defray the cost of another institution of a similar character. Mr. Mac- pherson promised to send a surveyor to re- port upon the matter, and if the assertions respecting the value of the land wore borne out, to favourably entertain the application, but he declined to piomise to put a sum on the Estimates under other conditions, during the present year, although he admitted the great advantages Geelong presented for the establishment of a school of the description referred to. Mr. M'Donnoll and Mr. Berry were picsent at the interview. "If wo are not wrong in our conception of the meaning of the juncture," observes tho Ballarat Star, "it means a trial of the ques- tion whether there shall be in Victoria lationally free and honest politics in elector- ates, Parliament, and Cabinet, or crises, cabals, bigotries, and all the ruinous delays of the public business which tho tyran- nies of a powerful and unscrupulous faction may be able to compass. Hero in Vic- toria we are all democrats, holding perfect ficedom of self-government in our hands, and every man who can use a vote intelligently owes it to himself and his neighbour that it bo given to tho men who offer good moasuros, and show proof of honest resolutions to rule rather by the force of recognisable public work done than by the tortuous intrigues of faction, even though the intrigues work under a popular and ' loyal' flag. This is the principle upon which the members in the House aro expected to act." The latest news received in Sydney from England announces the death of Madame Lucy Escott. No montion of the circum* stance is mado in our own tolegrams, nor in those of Router's agents. We trust, there- fore, that the statement is based upon tho misreading by the officers in the telegraphic department in Sydney of some name con- tained in the obituary. The Criminal Sittings of the Supremo -Court commenced yesterday, before Mr. Jus- tice Williams. The day was so intensely hot and the atmosphere in tho court so suffo- cating, that his Honour suggested to the bar the propriety of dispensing with, the orna- mental head pieces which otiquetto prescribes to be worn in the superior courts ; and ho set the example himself by removing his heavy full-bottomed wig, The members of the bar present speedily acquiesced in the ?suggestion, fashion being for the nonce mado subservient to convenience. The onlyi case tried yesterday was that of Thomas Harvey, a furniture dealer, charged with setting fire to his house in Madeliuo-street, North Melbourne. r The evidence at the brat, however, only disclosed a case of sus- picion, and the jury acquitted the accused. The usual weekly meeting of the Coramittoo of Management of the Melbourne Hospital took place yestenlay, Mr. H. J. Hart in tho chair. There were also present Messrs. Gillbee, Fenton, Phillips, Gibb3, Knaggs. Martin, and Dr. Baiker. The secretary read the state of the hospital for tho week ending 12Ui February, which was as follows ¡-Ad- mitted patients, 73 ; noyv caBes, out patients, 18ö ; do., casualties, .48-total for the week, COG ; deaths, 7 ; discharges, 61 ; number of patients in hospital, 338. The secretary drew the attention of tim committee to tho fact that no statement of accounts had yet been Sled in the master in equity's office in the estato of George Ludlow, who had left an endowment to the hospital. The matter was referred to the Committee of the Endowment T('und. The report of the sub-committee on the subject of removing the nightsoil from "the hospital was then talton into considera- tion, and it wns agreed that tenders should be called for, based upon that report. The ' report of the Committee of the Endowment Fund recommended the sale of certain property in Little Bourko strcet The leases were out, and the property in a very dilapidated condition. The report was adopted. On the motion of Mr. Gibbs, it was agreed that a sufficient number of dinner trays, similar to those used in the military hospitals, be supplied to the hospital, not to exceed in price the sum of £50. Mr. Gibbs then made somo remarks respecting a paragraph that appeared in The Argus on Saturday. At first ho was under the im- pression that it referred to Mr. Bickerton, the collector, and was not undocoived until he arrived in town. Ho thought the committee ought to take some action in the matter to set Mr. Biokerton right before «,o yuline. The Argus bad made tbe state- ment, knowing it to be untrue at tho same time. Ho, therefore, moved the following resolution :-" Referring to a paragraph in The Argus of tho 12th inst, seriously affect- ing the character of Mr. Richard Frederick Bickerton, one of the collectors of the Mel- bourne Hospital, this committee desires to express regret that through negligoncc on the part of tho person giving or receiving the information for publication, so grave a chargo should havo been so com- pletely and erroneously identified with him, and hereby records unaltered confi- dence in him as the senior collector for the Hospital." The motion was seconded by Dr. Barker, and carried unanimously. It was also agreed that a copy of tho resolution should he forwarded to Mr. Bickerton. The tender of Mr. L. Patterson for the supply of coal at 23s. 9d. per ton was accepted, and the meeting separated. [Considering that we de- rived our information respecting tho case in which a Mr. Bickerton's name figures from the Detective-office, and that Mr. Gibbs well knows it was so derived, his impudence in making tho allegation attributed to him above, almost exceeds belief.] About 50 gentlemen, principally connected with the pastoral interest, met yesterday, by invitation, at the wool stores of Messrs. Goldsbrougu and Co, for tho purposo of tasting some samples of Australian meat pre- served by the process patented by the Victo- rian Meat-preserving Company. Before sit- ting down to luncheon, which waa served up hot, under the management of Mr. R. U. Miller, of Collins-street, the gentlemen pre- sent witnessed the unpacking of several casks of meats of various ages, some of which was two years old, and consisted of rolled carcases of mutton, slightly corned. This package was considered by those present to be in perfect condition, but tho method employed by the company of late is to pack the meat in hermetically-scaled cases, of a size sufficiently small to permit of their being handled without any damage to the contents. On sitting down to lunch the Hon. J. G. Francis was unanimously voted into the chair. The bill of faro consisted of braised, boiled, stewed, and minced beef, curried and haricot mutton, Irish stew, dry hash, &o.; The boiled beef was similar to that supplied to the Fljing Squadron, and was very much admired, Tho various dishes on tho table «ero tasted, and a very favourable verdict given. After the usual loyal toasts, Mr, R. Caldwell, the managing partner of the com- pany, made a statement showing the diffi- culties the promoters of the company had encountered from the first, and tho preju- dices they had to ovcicome in the old country. At pic3ent the cost of tho meat laid down in London was 2id. per lb., and by the last advices the demand was greater than they could supply. The attention of tho French Go- vernment had also been drawn to the export of preserved meat from Australia; and Mr. lallerman had been communicated with re- specting the establishment of a dining saloon in Paris. On tho motion of Mr. Servico, it was agreed that the Victoria Meat-preserving Company should he strengthened and ox tended. Mr. Hammond pointed out the great advantago these meat- preserving com- panies were to the stockholder, seeing that three years ago tho weekly sale of sheep averaged 12,000, and now that it was nearly three times as much, there had not been any diminution in price. A vote of thanks was given to the chairman, who in reply stated that by way of valentine those present might send to their friends in England a case of preserved meat (costing 15s.) by way of get- ting rid of the prejudice against Australian meat. A solicitor named Anthony O'Connor was chaiged at the City Court yesterday, with damaging Government plants, The prisoner was an old man, and a witness was placed in the box who stated that on four occasions he had seen him coming from the direction of the Fitzroy-gardens early in the morning with Howers and portions of plants in his posses- sion. Another witness pioved the identity of one of the slips of hollyhock found in his possession with a plant in the Fitzroy-gardons off which a piece had a short time previously been cut. O'Connor asked for a remand to enable him to rebut the charge, saying that ho could satisfy the Bench as to how he got tho ilowers. Ile was accordingly remanded till to-day ; bail being allowed in one surety in £10, and his own bond for a like amount, Tbo child Emily Robinson, reported as missing in our issuo of Monday, at Hoidel. berg, since Friday evening last, was found on 'luesday morning by Mr. T. Robinson, the son of the child's foster father, in a tank in the back kitchen of Mr. C. H. Robinson. The tank in question is nine feet deep, and had in it seven feet of water. The finding of tbo body appears to have taken place in this wise, as reported to our correspondent by Mr. C. H. Robinson. He says that on Monday he went to Melbourno to mention the dis- appearance of tho child to the detective police, and that coming homo on Mon- day evening, ho suggested to his son that as such a very close search for the missing child had boen made ineffec- tually, she might by chance have fallenj into the tank in the kitchen; and accordingly they resolved that the next morning tbe tank should bo examined. Ou Tuesday morning, after Mr, T. Robinson had milked the cows, ho oponed the lid of the tank, and saw the dead child. This information ho immediately communicated to his father, who was in bed ; andviththe assistance of Mr. Donovan and other neighbours the child was got out. Mr. Robinson now believes that the child never went for the cows, but that ho, having ordered bei to wash her face, she went to tho pump over the tank whore clio was found, and the pump being off, she opened tho lid of the tank (lOin. by 14in.) and fell in, the lid closing upon her. An inquest will be held on Wednesday, whenjnany strange rumours will bo investigated and disposed of. A constable on duty in Little Bourke-street at about 10 o'clock on Monday night saw an elderly man, of an aspect which he considered very suspicious, loitering about a lane, and on going np to seo what ho was about, the man told him that ho was a detective, and " the smartest man in the force," and also that he was an officer in rpceipt of a pension of £100 a year, and that tho constable would not know him when he saw him next morning with his "whiskers blackoned up." The constable did not meddle with him thon, but afterwards saw him at 4 o'clock in the morn- ing, and then asked him what 'he was abour, but as be would give no account of himself, he locked him up for personating a detective. His name turned out to bo John Sullivan, and when brought before the City Court yes teiday he said he had been working on 'a station, and had only just come to town. Detective Hartnuy stated that this was not the first time tho prisonor had fallen into the hands of tbo police. Ho wa3 cautioned and discharged. A curious accident happened to an infant who was admitted to the hospital yosterday morning. Tho child, named Joseph Hannam, aged three months, was put to bed by its mother, who, after washing it, left it on the bed asleep. There was a young dog between two and three months old in the room, and while the mother was absent, the pup got on to the bed, attacked tho child, and maimed it for life. The injuries were of a very dan- gerous nature. On Monday evening, Julius Benstadt, aged 40, living at Dandenong Creek, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital, with a fracture of the left leg, caused by a dray upsetting, at about 4 o'clock, when on the way to Mel- bourne. Yesterday morning, Thomas Dixon, aged 30, living at Somerton, was admitted, suffering from a fracture to the left leg, caused by falling over some stonos, on Satur- day last, in a quarry where ho was work- ing. A fair-haired boy, about two and a half years old, was found in Collins-street yester- day, having lost himself, and was taken to the watchhouso in Swanston- strcet, whe.ro ho awaits claiming. Ho had no clothes on but a dirty grey winscy frock. A lunatic, named Peter M'Millen, escaped from the upper division enclosure of ¡the Yarra Bend Asylum on Sunday ovening, dur- ing the temporary absence of tho vvardor on other duty. He is aged about 38, 5ft. Sin. or Oin. high, about list, weight, fair complexion, hair, whiskers, and moustache. At an inquest held yesterday on the body of Bryco Ross, lately living in Carlton, the jury found that the deceased had committed sui- cide while of unsound mind. A public appeal to the charitable is now mado on behalf of the utterly destitute widow and three young children. At one time Mr. Bryco Ross oc- cupied a semi-prominent position in the Vic- torian world. Ho arrived in Victoria at about the commencement of the gold fields, and dis- tinguished himself at Forest Creek, near Mount Alexander, as agitator and correspon- dent for the Melbourne Morning Herald. This was during 1833 and 1851, and his productions will possibly bo remembeied, as, under the head " Mems. from the Mount," he managed to call attention to not a few of the shameful scandals connected with tho Go- vernment management of the gold-fields. In 185G ho appeared at Ballarat, and for some time connected himself with the Ballal al Times, then owned by the late Mr. Seekamp. Uis after career is not familiar to ns, but he once attempted to establish a sori cultural farm at Wedderburne, near Mount Korong, but failed. Of late years ho has held tho situation of gardener to the Sunbury In- dustrial Schools, but managed eventually to lose his post. The extreme poverty of his cir- cumstances doubtless led to the rash act which terminated his career. Several Carlton gentle- men havo undertaken to do what they can to collect money for the poor family, so as to put them in some way of earning a livelihood. Lists are left with the following Carlton tiadesmen :-Mr. A. M'Kay, draper ; Mr. W. M'Gregor, butcher ; and Mr. J. Walls, butcher. There are at the offices of the Australasian Sugar Company, in Neavo's-buildings, Collins street east, three samples of Now South Wales sugar-cane, which are exhibited for the pur- pose of showing what sort of colonial supplies tho company may look for in the future. The first-the canes of which were very large, and calculated, we are told, to produce CO tons of sugar per acre-was a sample of the Bourbon variety, usually cultivated at the Mauritius ; the second was of the Ribbon variety, common in the West Indies and China, as well as Mauritius ; and tho third was of the Tahitian, or Chinese sugar-cane. All appeared to bo well grown. They were produced by Mr. Richard Williams, of Croke, Manning River, N.S.W. Mr. Davey, of Mount Eliza, writes ia a state of great indignation at the anonymous coire spondence that has appeared in The Argus with reference to the Mornington pound. Mr, Davey denies that the opposition to this feature of civilisation has any connoxion with political parties, and attributes tho desire for the establishment of the pound to certain absentees, who "having purchased land hero years ago, with a view to its resalo, and its proving a bad spec, have never improved it, but now think, if they can prevent other people's stock from running over it, it can be turned to some account as a small sheep run." Not an unnatural, oven though it bo not a laudable, idea, wo should think. Mr. Joseph L. Shaw, authoiised surveyor, has registered 146 applications under the new Land Act for 15,509 acres, to the 14th inst., for land situated in tho Meredith, Steiglitz, Winchelsea, and Colac districts. Intelligence was received in Geelong yester- day that extensive bush-fires were raging in the Meredith district. Portions of BIr. Wal- lace's station at Ballark, and Messrs. Brown and M'Pherson's runs, are stated to be de- stroyed, and one or two small farmers burnt out. The usual half-yearly meeting of the Gee- long Gas Company was held yesterday, Mr. Charies Andrews in the chair. The balance sheet submitted showed that during the half year there had been receivod for gas rates, £2,799 19s. 6d. ; coke, £207 12s. Id. ; tar, £11 7s. 8d.-total, £3,01819s. 3d. The expendi- ture for the samo period, together with allow- ance for wear and tear, depreciation of meters, and bad debts, amounted to £1,731 8s. lid., leaving a balance of £1,28710s. 4d. Theroport of the directors stated that after providing for interest on loan and depreciation, the umount placed to the credit of profit and loss was íeduced to £1,161 6s. 2d., from which ithey recommended a dividend at the rate of l8 per cent, per annum. The consulting en- gineer's report was satisfactory. Tenders had been sent in to tho corporation for lighting tho public lamps, the tender being still under consideration. On the motion of tho chair- man, the report was adopted. An amend- ment that the dividend to bo declared should be at the rate of 10 per cent, was negatived. The following gentlemen were proposed as diioctors, in lieu of those retiring ¡-Messrs. Belcher, Cunningham, and Middloraiss, the two former being elected. The following additional entries were mado jesterday for the sports to take place at Gee- long on Saturday next :-Mat Higgins for I the 440 Yards and Blue Handicap ; J, Highett for the Maiden Race and 440 Yards Handi- cap ; J. Hton, of Melbourne,, for the two bicycle races ; Middleton, a tricycle, for the Bicycle Race; Robilliard, Armstrong, and Murtinforthe Two Miles Handicap Bicyclo Race ; Halpin for the Mile Handicap ; and Lyall for tho Tour Mile Walking Match. The right of erecting two publicans' and two con- fectioners' booths was sold by auction yester- day by Messrs. Ogilvie and Robinson, for the sum of £20 Ds. Drunkenness is a vico which is generally supposed to bo unknown amongst children, but it seems, unfortunately, not to bo so here A few weeks ago a couplo of children of tender years were brought up at one of the police courts ¿barged with being drunk, and tho day beforo ytsterday a boy namea Mooney, only nino years of ago, was found in the streets of Collingwood in a perfect state of intoxication. His case is a peculiarly painful one. His fatherwas at one timo a wealthy man, possessing a largo amount of property in this 'eily, but he suffeted reverses, and ultimately 'died in the Melbourne Hospital in a state of 'destitution. The mother is also dead, and the only relative the boy appears to have in Melbourne is a half brother, who is in ern 'plojiutnt as a clork. Under tho marriago settlement of his mother, tho boy is entitled to an interest in some freehold property in Melbourne, which is worth upwards of £J00 per annum, but the Colonial Bank holds a mortgage upon it, and it is the tiibject of an equity suit. The boy being without present means of support, his half brother maintained him, and endeavoured to take caro of him, but unsuccessfully. Ho proved quite unmanageable, and would leave tho house for days together, finding his way, no doubt, into bad company. The end of j it was that he was found, as already stated, in the streets in a state of drunkenness, and 1 ' i ' was locked up by the police. Yesterday he was brought before tho East Collingwood magis- trates, who sent him to the Industrial School, as a neglected child, for seven years. The Bench, no doubt, did its duty in tho matter, but could not tho police make inquiries with the view of discovering and punishing tho persons who administered intoxicating liquor to a mero child ? At tho Geelong Police Court, on Monday, Adolphus Theevis, reforred to yesterday, was brought up charged with obtaining by means of false pretences three suits of clothes, valued at £12 10s,, from Messrs. Bright and Hitch- cock, and a gold watch, valued at £3 10s., from Mr. George Bradley. Evidence of the arrest on Saturday evening, and of the fact that the prisoner wasconcealedattho time, was tendered, when, nt the instance of Sergeant Toohey, thecase wasromanded till Wednesday. Three children named Charlotte Elizabeth, Mary Harriettc, and Irene Sophia Hide, wero charged with boing deserted children. It being shown that the father had long since left them, that the mother is a notorious character sent to gaol a few days since, and that they wero found in an untenanted house in Yarra-street, the Bench ordered them to be sent to the Industrial Schools-the eldest for two years, tho second five, and the youngest for seven years. Robert Tait was charged with deserting his family, who had been for some time in the Industrial School. It appeared that the prisoner had been gardener to Mr. Elder, at Rokewood, and that Mr. Elder took charge of the children for somo time after ho had desortcd them. As ho did not return they wore sent to the authorities. The prisoner kept out of the way till lately, when ho was arrested at Rokewood. The Bench ordered him to pay 10s, por week for the support of the children, and to find one surety in £20 that he would comply with the order of the court. Another crowded house at tho Italian Opera last night showed the high favour in which Donizetti's " Lucrczia Borgia" is held by the Melbourne public, as well as their appreciation of its performance by tho presont company. The principal point wo have to record of last night's performance is a marked improvement in the singing of Miss Lucy Chambers as compared with her efforts of tho preceding evening. The two solos in which she has any opportu- nity for display were given-with much better effect, in consequence of her delivery of tho higher notes with moro clearness and preci- sion. In tho "Brindisi" she, somewhat to our surprise, dwelt upon the upper G with clear intonation. Of the surprising depth and roundness of her lower notes we have al- ready expressed our opinion. The first verse of the drinking song was enthu- siastically encored, to the manifest in- terruption of the action of tho piece. Miss i Chambers looks and dresses this part ad i mirably. Signor Neri last night had com- pletely recovered from the slight hoarseness under which ho has for somo days been labouring. His singing in the part of Gen naro was magnificent. Signora Barratti, too, ' came in for an equal share, with the tenor, of tho applause so lavishly bestowed on all the scenes in which these two artists wero engaged. The great enthusiasm which they at times threw into their per- formance, unless kept under artistic control, is liable to hurry them into trying conclusions with tho orchestra, and this exuborance of feeling was noticeablo in the duet, "Infolice ! ii veleno," which in all but the concluding passages was sung gloriously. Signora Bar ratti's delivery of the florid music of this great part is deservedly admired. In the fine aria, "Si voli ii primo accogliere Bacio," Signora Barratti gave a splendid specimen of bravura singing; while the short recitative, "Io gelo, Io tremo" (I tremble, I shudder), as she sees Gennaro falling into the snare prepared by the jealous Duke, was full of the most touching pathos, and a good speci- men of that declamatory power for which all these Italian artists are remarkable. Great attention has been paid to the dressing of this piece, the costume of tho Duchess in the second act being both sumptuous and elegant, The choruses throughout came in for a fair share of applause. The scene wherein tho Duchess entreats the clemency of the Duke in favour of Gon naro is a good specimen of this composer's instrumentation. The accompaniment throughout being rich yet tasteful, it will bo found to repay the attontion of the critical. The management have, we notice, in conse- quence of the success attendant upon this production, resolved to let it run the re- mainder of the week. There is au advantage in this-not only that each representation tends to the perfection of the performance, but that in the meantime due caro may be taken in the preparation of those operas which are immediately to follow. The clever comedy of " Play" was repeated last evening to an appreciative audience, in Westou's Opera-house. The performance re- sembles a drawingroom entertainmont in its elegance and finish ; and especial praise is due to Miss Cleveland and Mr. Loathes for their excellent acting. The Princess's Theatre was well attended last night. The same programme was re- peated. Mr. Greville appoars to have made quite a hit as tho Party of the Name of John ton. Tho drama now goes very smoothly, and appears likely to become a great favourite with the public. Mr, Heller's pleasant entertainment was fairly attended last night, considering tho intense heat of the weather. Tho perform- ance was received with the satisfaction usually expressed by the audience at this place. The newly-organised band of the St. Kilda Artillery will play on the Esplanade this even- ing, from 8 to 10. The annual meeting of the Victorian Aux- iliary to the London Missionary Socioty will ho held in the Collins-street Independent Church this evening. Tho first of the series of lectures to bo given in aid of the building fund of St. George's Church, Malvern, will be delivered at the Town-hall, Prahran, this evening, by the Govornment Astronomer, on the subject of the "Sun." The proprietor of tho Crystal Palace Hotel, Swanston-street, wishes it stated that the robbery referred to in a paragraph in yester- day's issue, connected with tho case of John Brough, did not occur at his hotel, but at a place called the Crystal Tavern. A correspondent at Runnymede complains that a letter posted thore after 5 o'clock on Saturday evening cannot, by the presont ar- rangements, be delivered in Melbourne until the morning delivery on Tuesday, unless by adding a sixpenny additional stamp, although a post passes there at 9 a.m. every morning. ? "Kangaroo," a correspondent who has tra- velled some 300 miles for the express purposo of hearing tho opora troupo now hore, com- plains that in the dress circle ho was annoyed by a numbor of " gents," who appeared to have come for any and ovory purposo but to liston to tho music, " Kangaroo intends for the future to try the gallery, where ho feels certain he shall not bo so annoyed. Tho Racing Club of Williamstown held a meeting last night, nt the Steampackot Hotel, Mr. Henry Douglas presiding. A letter was read from the trustees, stating that the rent of the course for grazing purposes had placed them in possession of £20, and thoy wished tho club to make a suggestion as to the way in which the money should bo expended. A deputation was appointed to meet the trustees on tho subject. The committee of the Williamstown Me- chanics' Instituto made another effort yester- day to reduce the debt on that building by holding a tea meeting and a concort in the building. Several ladies of Williamstown provided the edibles, and at the concert both local and Molbourno amateurs gavo their ser- vices. Tho concert was a complote succesB, the room boing well filled, notwithstanding tho unfavourable state of the weathor. Mr. Alexander Miller, of St. Kilda Collogo, has sent us somo specimens of account-sales prepared by his pupils, and offers to "pick out 10 boys out of a school of 05 who shall moko out an account-sale or invoice with a similar number of clerks in any one mercan- tile house in Melbourne, and whoso ages vary from 13 to 15, and to choose 15 others whose style shall not disgrace their senior con' freres." 