TOWN TALK. Ia the Legislative Assembly on "Wed nesday evening, after the despatch of our parcel, the House went-on in committee with the Wine, Beer, and Spirits Act Amending Bill. The 3rd or entertaiment clause was struck out, as the 25th. provided for all that was required. The 4th clause was so altered as to make 6 o'clock in the morning the time for opening public houses, instead of 5 o'clock, as proposed. I In reply to a question, Mr Michie promised to take some step to determine the accom modation which should be necessary in towns and cities before a license was granted. The clause relating to the appointment of a licensing bench, to con sist of a stipendiary magistrate and two justices of the peace selected by the Governor-in-Council, was passed without amendment. Clauses up to 17, inclusive, were also agreed to, and progress was then reported. All the papers connected with the dismissal of Messrs Christopherson, Shakespear, and Woods from their respec tive positions in the Water-Supply depart ment, were ordered to be laid on the table. Last night, in answer to Mr Kerferd, Mr Francis stated that the Government would gladly assist private enterprise in, the search for coal in this colony. In answer to Mr Langton, the Chief-Secretary said he would again caution the police to'be watchful with regard to bush-fires. Mr Kitto gave notice of motion for a grant" of £50,000 for local bodies in connexion with the damage done by the late floods. A long discussion then took place on the sub ject of mining on the reserve at Malrres bury. Mr Fellows took advantage of the irregular character of the debate to express an opinion that the Chief- Secretary and the Treasurer had gone beyond their powers in reducing the intercolonial postage on letters. We learn on good authority that it is the intention of Captain Jules d' Aries, of the French iron-clad corvette BeHiqueuse to bring his ship into Geelong harbour, -where she will remain for some time, thus en abling the captain and his ofacers to make excursions into the Western district. The Belliqueuse is a wooden steamer, armour plated, and barque-rigged, of 3005 tons re gister. Her crew, with the officers, consists of 350 men. A full description of her has already appeared in our columns. A meeting of the Licensed Victuallers' newly formed association takes place this evening, in Mr Gough's Eureka Hotel, Little Malop-street, at half-past seven o'clock. The entertainment to be given by the pupils of Mr Mowbray's school, Ashby, for the benefit of the School fund, takes place to-night, in the Mechanics' Institute, at the usaal hour. The results of the racing at Ballarat yesterday, especially that for the Cup, were looked for here with great interest. It was not till after five o'clock, however, that the first telegram arrived. Tho vic tory of Croydon in the race for the Cup created some surprise, very few having pinned their faith to the Sydney horse, the Duke of Montrose, the Flying Dutch man, the Doctor (which ran second), and Strog having been the favourites. Injustice has been done to Mr Johnstone in the recording of one of his votes on the Wine and Spirits Bill. He opposed the beer and grocers' licenses, but supported the colonial wine license. Another bank scandal is alluded to in the letter of our Melbourne correspondent. It »ppw tUt I bigU of on? 9fy :he banks had become a very large holder -the largest-in an alluvial mining com pany, which has not of late been obtaining wasiidirt of a remunerative character. Calls woaldhave been made, but as it would have been inconvenient for this shareholder to pay them, the bank ivas applied to mid furnished the funds. The name of the bank is not given, and the scene of the operation is not mentioned. -Sturgeon's'" Sermons in Candles" waj again delivered on Thursday night, in the Mechanics'' Institute,- by the liev. W. J. t'other. The Mayor was in the chair, and the ball was very comfortably filled, not withstanding the fact that the lecture has ' been delivered here now some four t'mes. 'l'he idea of charging a nominal sum for admission seemed to have had its desired effect, as the audience this time wai not subjected to overcrowding by too many children being in the hall. | As one of the country wood-carters was going along the streets on Wednesday, he was set upon by a lot of little boys, who called him names, and otherwise tormented him. The " young man from the country " caught one of his small antagonists, ana threw him across the kerbstone. He left him there, and on the boy being taken heme by his mates, it was found that his arm was dislocated, and he was made an out-patient of the hospital. This was rather a severe lesson, but the behaviour of the young scamps of the town is at times dreadfully annoying. The persons "doing the block" in Mcorabool-street, had their ears shocked yesterday by a foul-mouthed man named James Egan, who was drunk and usin» the most filthy language. Constable M'Greal, however, quickly appeared on the scene, and immediately placcd the 1 offender in durance vile. He was the only person in the lock-up last evening. . The three men, John "Wall, Matthew Reilly, and Richard Massey, were a^ain brought up at the Central Police Court" on Thursday, to ..answer a charge of bavin? stolen a watch, gold pin, two pipes, and a pen-knife, from the person of ayoun^nian named Charles Orton Hennell, at the Culloden Castle Hotel, a week or two a^o The evidence given at the previous sittinn "was repeated, and Hyman Marks, an at countant, residing at the hotel, corroborated it. Margaret Kenny further deposed that she had seen the prisoner, Massey, with a gold watch and chain in his possesion oa the night of the robbery, aud Sergeants G-oodenough and Toohey, and Constable llahilly, gave circumstantial evidence. The prisoners were committed to take their trill at the general sessions to be holden in Gte long on the IGtli instant. Mining matters are very slow at present in Geelong, and Corner-men have discoa. tinucd their weekly visits, there bein» nothing to pick up from men who luve been "once burnt," while local sharebrakers are at a discount. Perhaps nothing mM(. testifies to the fact that men are "tired of boring"' than two of Ford's machine! manufactured by Messrs Humble and Co? these are placid in position in the foundrr yard, ready to pierce the unfortunate piece of bluestone in front of them, but uo custo mers are forthcoming. A very fine specimen of colonial work manship is now on view at Mr Fischer's, the working jeweller, in Malop-street. It is the jewel that 19 to be presented to Mr S. Brearley, by the Foresters, and for neat! ness it is not to be surpassed. Of course a " Forester's jewel" needs not be described, beyond saying that the deer's head and antlers are in gold, the circle being in silver. 1 The Rational and Victoria Insurance Companies, we learn, have between them contributed a sum ^sufficient to reimburse Sergeant M'Sweeney for the irreproachable pair of inexpressibles which he lost in hit courageous effort to prevent the spread of the late fire in ICardinia-street. Their example has not been followed by the other insurance offices interested, whose arrangements will certainly need to be revised if they are to expect the services of the fire-brigade and the public at future fires. Niggardliness is bad economy in these cases. A decision of great importance to pur- chasers at pound sales, was given at Leigh road on Tuesday by Mr J. M. Clow, the police magistrate, in a case- Gillan vi Morrell-to determine the ownership of horse. It was elicited in evidence that the defendant's horse was impounded at Shel- ford some time ago, and after the usual notice the horse was sold by auction to a person named Munro, who had it re- branded. It was, some twelve months since, again sold by Munro to the presedt plaintiff, Gillan. After the latter bad paid for its sustenance on the common for some months the defendant claimed it as his, and the plaintiff brought the present case to decide the ownership legally. It was proved, however, that the original brands were not properly described in the Gazette, and on this the decision of the bench was given against the plaintiff. One would think that the defendant properly had his remedy against the poundkeepsr, but the bench thought otherwise. Mr William Skene, of Skene, is now mentioned as the forthcoming candidate for the Western district, and not Mr Army- tage. It 'was mentioned in these columns that the new organist of Christ Chureh had good testimonials from Messrs G. E.G. Pringle and David Lee. It was omitted, however, to state that Mr C. E. Horsley expresses a high opinion of his musical attainments. This eminent composer has watched Mr Towers's progress for some years with much interest, and remarks that his industry and love of his art augur well for his future success. The anglers still find considerable sport at the piers, though the trevalla apnear to be scarcer than they were. Every day railway pier is crowded with disciples of the gentle craft, while the Yarra- strect wharf is not altogether neglected. We have learned with some surprise this St. Andrew's Day was not observed in the offices of the public service as a holiday, although the days of the four saints-St. George, St. Andrew, St. Patrick, and St. David.-were specially named for holidsvi in the'Civil Service Act. It appears that Sir James.M'Culloch, some three or four years sgo, took upon himself to override the Act of Parliament, and ever since the civil service has been deprived of those holidays which Parliament expressly, and after long debate,' accorded to them. 