AGRICULTURAL. Tho Economist says :—" The continued1 unseasonable weather is also . telling..,! sad ; -vialeti.'in tbe hhy districts, where so much was. lying in the swarth and only .partly " ' "docked w/en the late rains onuio. It will tikn wnrv favoursble weather to moke a marketable stock of hay this season, esfie- ''''oiftilyr should the crop not be cocked. Hiiy (oaten espeoially) is easily made in suitable weather, but it frequently happens that tbe " orops in this district are ready for the mower 1 before the season is fit for haymaking, and this year in particular has the weather con- tinued most unpropitious throughout. This ' is'the more unfortunate, because tbe yields are heavy, and the prices will be proportion ately low. When any dampish forkfuls go -.into. the stack, a handful of salt .will. Ire-! "qiiently stay the tendency to mould. In: such a spring, when the grass paddocks are, yielding .more than the cattle can consume,; and the lucerne is in full bloom and not; .required for green fodder, advantage ought; to be taken ' of the profusion, and a stack, built with the latter. Three tons an , acre .is; not at all an extra yield for lucerne, and? if out and harvested by the middle pf December- another crop ought to be secured by the.; end of January. In a moist summer; , .and; upon rich ground., there "is scarcely a limit; to' the yield of a lucerne paddock. To.make hay witli lucerne is a very different thing- to that of making oaten or grass hay. The; former has a solid stem which requires lots ; of sunj hut tit the same time a leaf which is- too quickly inclined .to fail off after a dry day or two. This crop .must not be cocked too soon, nor stirred too much; the. swarths must be simply lifted, or if necessary - to . be turned,'1 roust "be . done . so very , gingerly. 'Should tho stack be intended for home, con sumption (up to the present time, our horse- keepers -in Melbourne prefer oaten- hay;) .the bulk can .not only be profitably -increased but batter preservation can be. insured, f by 'either thoroughly mixing sweet straw with the lucerne hay, or placing a good thickness of .the former between each layer of . the latter. We have seen this done in England wiih tares, and in New South Wales with both lucerne and maize, "stems. ; -The: heat raised by the not over , dry, freshly made hay sweetens and improves the straw, and the whole mass ' chaffs ' up splendidly in in the following winter. Every season : our straw is becoming, more appreciated, and. the day. is not far off when the folly of. burning straw will not be laid to our farmers' cbnrge: Straw? stacks ought to be thatched, as well as hay or corn, and straw, eaten by .cattle during our cold win ter "'months,?; will--not improve them, but benefit the land far more in shape of organic manure, than in organic ashes. Wei inserted tho letter of an insurance agentjast week, in which, he ipointed,! out the almost infinitesimal amount of agricul tural, property. 'insured in tbe:;various : diS- tHcts; i'vWe hhye' frequently. introduced this suhjsotQf/inisiffance in our :columhs/Wff: as- frequently advocated insuring safety-through: this channel. As this season will not likely pass oyer without a fulT .complement of running and bushfires,' and as the hot weather- is close upon us, no time ought -to he lost in securing safety in the way recom-- mended. . The grass this spring isiiinnsBally' Jong — so long indeed that in many districts the heads" of the plants can be gathered by a rider in the saddle. As this, is mostly indigenous grass, and one which succumbs to the first hot. wind, itis almost as inflam mable as gunpowder; and many -a thousand- acre block will be laid -waste "before this coining, summer is ended. During- the -week,1 we will ascertain the! rates at which- home-; steads, stahks, fences, ' <&m; will -be taken.; If the premium- be not- too high,' those . com-., ptiaies 'ftaccepting .this - uescriptioh' of.;risk: opghti'toireceive every -encouragement;; As rooNgrowing is on the1 increase,'and is now being entered "''into-1 by ''"many' for the 'first, time, a little advice uon,- ' thinning ' may < \- not be amiss. An old English maxim is— ' No one should hoe his own turnips,' for in nineBsseAout of ten, they are left too thickly on-, the, ground. ! Tllinning cannot ' be carried out too _ soon after the plants-are able- to be handled; and instead of being palykalf done; at first and finished afterwards jit; is" kestf to' .Allow/, every.;, description, ;; of J- ropt 'its proper space as early as possible; if plants be left too loBg before being thinned, they become; Atunted, and . the most favourable; season will not recover them. , Thin; early; and keep the gfo'und.loose.ahd'open between the rows and plants. /This loose,- surface, is cooler by many degrees than one. which is hard and solid at top. 1 Air ' is the;?best non-conductor of beat we bavo, tbus' the moreaiif," thanioved. ground cpntaihs;? .the? 'better pble it'isto 'withstand; the sun's heat; the deeper - the ground, .i's ploughed or trenched the more air it ; will, holdrand . the coolef it is, andinot only cooler, but;present-.. injj'no' opposifibn. to .the descending roots, the latter strike deeply, and are out of harm's way of the solar heat, as well as being in- a better- posii ion to find more abundant food: than it near the surface." 