I ? ] ( TOONARBIN. "mt," I think I hoar you say, "what has become of Mary Hawker at this timo ? You raised our interest about hor somewhat, at first, as a young and beautiful woman, villain-beguiled, who seemed, too, to havo a wmporof her own, and promised, under circumstances, to turn out a hit of a b-mst-ne. What is she doing jUthiBtiine? Has she got fat, or had tho small-pox, that you negleot her like this ? Wo had rather moro «ian we wanted of her, and her villanous husband, m j tho first part of this volume ; and now nothing. Let j M, at all events, hear if she is dead or alive. And her husband, too -although we hopo, under JProvidenoo, ! that he has loft this wioked world, yet wo should be glad to hear of it for oortain. Make inquiries, and let ns know tho result. Likewiso, be so good, as inform j ^ how is Miss Thornton ?" j . To all this I answer humbly, that I will do my best. . "Jiu will bring a dull chapter on you, duller oven \ wau nu tho rest, at least road it, and exonerate mo. "o faofc is, my dear sir, that women. Uko Mary 2*ffke.r> aro not particularly interesting in the piping "P?i«peace. In volcanic and explosive times they, ««? wUa animal passions, become tragical and «markaMe, like baronesses of old. But iu tranquil SE? asi,Isaid. tbey fall into tho back-ground, and Cu!tlle value and excellence- of such plaoid, noble nwPmatos, as tho serene, high- bred, Mrs, Buokley. j n.^vÄ J?l?-ed t^°"îlvcr ab°*t a mile below the SS? ^tl0n' iaPllaB iato tho main stream with rather a pretty cascade, which even at the end of tho ? «. L "Î summor Poured a tiny silver thread across tho black rooks. Above the cascade the creek cut deep into the table land, making a charming glen, with precipitous bluestone walls, some eighty or ninety feet m height, fringed with black wattle and light wood, and hero and there, among the fallen rocks, nearest the water, a fern tree or so, which last I may say aro no longer there, Dr. Mulhaus having cut tho hearts out of them and eaton them for cabbage. Should you wander up this little gully ona hot sum mer s day, you would be charmed with the beauty of tho scenery, and the shady coolness of the spot ; till coming upon a black snake coiled away among tho rocks Uko a rope on the dook of a man of war, you would probably withdraw, not without a strong inclination to shy at every black stick you saw for tho rest of tho day. For this lower part of tho Moira creek was, 1 am sorry to say, the most troubled locality for snakes, diamond, black, carpet, and other, which I ever hap pened to soo. But following this creek you will find that the banks got rapidly less precipitous, andatlongth itBweptin long curves through open forest glades, spreading, too, into deep dark water-holes, only connected by gravelly fords, with a 'slender stream of clear water running across the yellow pebbles. Theso water-holos were the haunts of tho platypus and the tortoise. Hore, too, were flocks of black duck and teal, and as you rode past, the morry little snipe would riBO from tho water's edge, and whisk away like lightning through tho trees. Altogether, a pleasant woodland creek, alongside of which, under tho mighty box-trees ran a sandy road, bordered with deep beds of brackon fern, which lcd from Baroona of the Buckleys to Toonarbin of the Hawkers. A pleasant road, indeed, winding through the old forest straight towards the mountains, shifting its course so often that every minuto somo now vista opened upon you, till at length you came suddenly upon a clear space, beyond which rose a picturesque little granite cap, at the foot of which you saw a charm ing house, covered with green creepers, and backed by huts, sheep-yards, a woolshed, and the usual concomi tants of a flourishing Australian sheep station. Behind all again towered lofty, dark hanging woods, closing tho prospect. This is Toonarbin, whore Mary Hawker, with her leal and trusty cousin Tom Troubridge for partner, has pitched her tent, after all her spasmodic, tragical troubles, and here she is leading as happy, and by con sequence as uninteresting, an existence as ever fell to tho lot of a handsome woman yet. Mary and Miss Thornton had stayed with the Buck leys until good cousin Tom had got a house ready to receive them, and then they moved up and took pos session. Mary and Tom were from tho first co partners, and, latterly. Miss Thornton, had invested her money, about £2000, in the station. Matters were very prosperous, and, after a few years, Tom began to get weighty and didactic in his speech, and to think of turning his attention to politics. To Mary the past seemed like a dream-as an old dream, well-nigh forgotton. Tho scene was so changed that at times she could hardly believe that all those old days were real. Could she, now so busy and happy, be tho woman who sat worn and frightened ovor the dying fire with poor Captain Saxon ? Is she the same woman whose husband was humed off one wild night, and transported for coiniBg ? Or is all that a hideous imagination ? No. Hero is the pledge and proof that it is all too terribly real. This boy, whom she loves so wildly and fiercely, is that man's son, and his father, for aught she knows, is alive, and only a few poor hundred miles off. Never mind ; lot it be forgotten as though it never was. So she forgot it, and was happy. But not always. Sometimes she could not but remember what she was, in spite of the many kind friends who surrounded her, and tho new and busy lifo she led. Then would come a fit of despondency, almost of despair, but tho natural elasticity of her temper soon dispersed theso clouds, and she was her old self again. Her very old self, indeed. That delicate-minded, intellectual old maid, Miss Thornton, used to remark with silent horror on what she called Mary's levity of behaviour with men, but moro especially with honest Tom Troubridge. Many a time, when the old lady was sitting darning (she was always darning ; she used to begin darning the things before they were a week out of the draper's Bhop), would her tears fall upon her work, as sue saw Mary sitting with her child in her .lap,/ smiling, while the audaoious Tom twisted a flower in lierhair, in the way that pleased him best. To Bee anything wron&^and to say notMng, was a thing impossible. Sho lmewsithat speaking to Mary would only raise a storm, and so, lmowing'thefc. man.she had to deal with, sho determined to speak to Tom. She was not long without her opportunity. Duly darning ono evoning, whilo Mary was away putting hor boy to bed, Tom entered from his wine. Him, with a combination of valour and judgment, she immediately attacked, acting upon a rule once laid down to Mary " My dear, if you want to manage a man, speak to him after dinner." "Mr. Troubridge," said Miss Thornton. "May I speak a few words to you on private affairs?" "Madam," said Tom, drawing up a chair, " I am at your service night or day." "A young woman," said Miss Thornton, "might feel some delicacy in saying what I am going to say. But old age has its privileges, and so I hope to be for given." " Dear Miss Thornton," said Tom, " you must be going to say something very extraordinary if it requires forgiveness from me." . "Nay, my dear kinsman," said Miss Thornton ; "if wo begin exchanging compliments, we shall talk all night, and novor get to the gist of tho matter after all. Hero is what I want to say ; It seems to mo that your attentions to our poor Mary aro somewhat moro than cousinly, and it behoves mo to remind you that she is still a marriod woman. Is that too blunt ? Havo I offended you?" »Nay-no," said Tom; "you could nover offend me. I think you aro right too. It shall be amended, And after this Mary missed many delioato little attentions that Tom had been used to pay her. She thought he was sulky on some account at first, but soon her good sense showed her that, if they two were to live together, she must bo moro circumspect, or mis chief would come. For, after all, Tom had but a small place in her heart, which was filled almost exclusively with this poor sulky little lad of hors, who seemed born to trouble as tho sparks went upward. In teething oven, aggravating beyond oxporienco, and afterwards suffering from tho whole list of juvenile evils in such a way as boy nover did boforo ; coming out of these troubles, with a cap tious, disngreeablo temper, jealous in tho extreme not a member who, on the whole, adds much to tho pleasure of the little household-yet with tho blindest love towards some folks. Instance Ms mother, Thomas Troubridge, and Sam Buckley. . For these three tho lad had a wild hysterical affec tion, and yet none of them had much power over him. Once by ono unconsidered word arouse tho boys obstinacy, and all chance of controlling him was gone. Then, your only chance was to call in Miss. Thornton, "who had a way of managing tho hoy, more potent than Mary's hysterics, and Tom's indignant remonstrances, or Sam's quiet persuasions. For instance onco, when he was about ton ton years old, his mother set him te learn some lesson or another, when ho had been petitioning to go off somowhoro with tho men. Ho was furiously naughty, and threw tho book to the other end of the room, all the threats and scoldings of his mother proving insufficient to make him pick it up again. So that at last she went out, leaving him alone, triumphant, with Miss Thornton, who said not a word, but only raised her oyes off her work, from timo to time, to look reproachfully on tho rebellious boy. Ho could stand his mother's anger, but ho could not stand those steady wondering looks that came from under the old lady's spectacles. So that, when Maiy came in again, she found tho book picked up, and tho lesson learned. Moreover, it was a fortnight beforo tho lad misbehaved himself again. In sickness and in health, in summer and in winter, for ten long years after they settled at Toonarbin, did this noble old lady stand besido Mary as a rook of rof ugo in all troubles, great or small. Always serene, patient, and sensible, even to the last ; for tho time carno when this true and faithful servant was removed from among thom to receive her reward. One morning she confessed herself unablo to leave her bed ; that was tho first notice they had. Doctor Mayford, sent for secretly, visited her. " Break up of the constitution," said he-" no organio disease"-but shook his head. " She will go," ho added, "with the first frost. I can do nothing." And Doctor Blulbaus, being consulted, said he was but an amateur doctor, but concurred with Doctor Mayford. So there was nothing to do but to wait for the end as patiently as might bo. During tho summer she got out of bed, and sat on a chair, which Tom used to lift dexterously into the verandah. There she would sit very quietly ; some times getting Mrs. Buckley, who came and lived at Toonarbin that summer, to read a hymn for her ; and during this time, sho told them where sho would like to be buried. On a little knoll, she said, which lay to the right of the house, barely two hundred yards from tho window. Hero the grass grow shorter and closer than elsewhere, and hero freshened more rapidly beneath tho autumn rains. Hero, on winter's evenings, tho slanting sun beams lingered longest, and hero, at such times, she had been accustomed to saunter, listening to tho sigh ing of tho wind, in tho dark funeral sheoaks and cypresses, like the far-off sea upon a sandy shore. Herc, too, came oftener than elsewhere, a flock of lories, making tho dark low trees gay with flying living blossoms. And here she would lie with her feet towards the east, her sightless eyes towards that dreary ocean which she would never cross again. One fresh spring morning she sat up and talked serenely to Mrs. Buckley, about matters far higher and moro sacred than one likes to deal with in a talo of this kind, and, after a time, expressed a wish for a blos som of a great amaryllis which grew just in front of her window. Mrs. Buckley got the flower for her ; and so, holding the crimson-striped lily in her delicate, wasted fingers, tho good old lady passed from this world without a struggle, as decently and as quietly as she had always lived in it. » » * * This happened when Charles was about ten years old, and, for some time, the lad was subdued and sad. Ho used to look out of the window at night towards tho grave, and wonder why they had put her they all loved so well, to lio out thero under the wild sweeping winter rain. But, by degrees, he got used to the little square white pailing on the sheoak knoll, and, ere half a year was gone, tho memory of his aunt had become very dim and indistinct. Poor Mary, too, though a long while prepared for it, was very deeply and sincerely grieved at Miss Thornton's death ; but she soon recovered from it. It came in tho courso of nature, and, although the house looked blank and dull fora time, yet there was too much life all around her, too much youthful happy life, to make it possible to dwell very long on the death of one who had left them full of years and honour. But Lord Frederick (before spoken of incidentally in this narrative) playing billiards at Gibraltar, about a year after this, had put into his hand a letter, from which, when opened, there fell a lock of. silver grey hair on the green cloth, which he carefully picked up, and, leaving his game, went home to his quarters. His comrades thought it was his father who was dead, and when they heard it was only his sister's old governess, they wondered exceedingly ; "for Fred," said they, " is not given to be sentimental." And now, in a year or two, it began to be very diffi cult to keep Master Charley in order. When ho was about thirteen there was a rogular guerilla-war between bim and his mother, on tho subject of learning, which ended, ultimately, in the boy flatly refusing to learn anything. His natural capacities were but small, and, under any circumstances, knowledge would only have been acquired by him with infinite pains. But, as it was, with his selfishness fostered so excessively by his mother's indulgence, and Tom's good-humoured care lessness, it became totally impossible to teach him any thing. In vain his mother scolded and wept, in vain Tom represented to him tho beauties and oxcelledcy of learning-learn theboy would not ; so that at fourteen he was given up in despair by his mother, haviHg learnt nearly enough of reading, writing, and ciphering, to carry on tho most ordinary business of life-a most lamentable state of things for a lad who, in after life, would be a rich man, and who, in ayoung and rapidly rising country, might become, by the help of educa tion, politically influential. I think that when Samuel Buckley and J ames Brent wood were grown to be young men of eighteen or nine teen, and he waB about seventeen or so, a stranger would have seen a great deal of difference between the two former and tho latter, and would, probably have remarked that James and Sam spoke and behaved like two gentlemen, but that Charles did not, but seemed as though he had como from a lower grado in society with some truth too, for thero was a circumstance in his bringing up which brought him moro harm than nil his neglect of learning, and all his mother's foolish indulgences. Both Major Buckley and Captain Brentwood made it a law of the Medes and Persians, that neither of their sons should hold any conversation with the con viot servants, save in tho presence of competent authorities ; and, indeed, they both, as Boon as increased emigration enabled them, removed thoir old household servants, and replacod them by free men, newly arrived: a lazy independent class, certainly, with exaggerated notions of their own importance in this now phase of thoir life, but without tho worse vices of tho convicts. This rule, oven in such well regulated households, was a very hard ono to get observed, even under flogging penalties j and, indeed, formed tho staple affliction of poor thoughtless Jim's early lifo, as this littlo anecdote will show : Ono day going to seo Captain Brentwood, when Jim was about ton years old, I met that young gentleman (looking I thought, a littlo out of sorts) about two hundred yards from tho house. Ho turned with mo to go back, and after tho first salutations, I said "Well, Jim, my boy, I hope youVo been good sin co I saw you last?" " Oh dear, no," was the answer, with a »hake of the head that meant volumes. " I am sorry to hear that-what is the matter ?" "I've boen catching it," said Jim, in a whisper, coming dose alongside of mo. " A tea-stick ns thiok as my forefinger all over."-Here he entered into particu lars, which, howovor harmless in thomselvos, were not of a sort usually written in books. " That's a bad job," I said, " what was it for?" "Why, I slipped off with Jerry to look after some colts on tho black swamp, and "was gone all tho after . noon ; and so Dad missed mo ; and when I got homo didn't I catch it ? Oh Lord, I'm all over blue waleB ; but that ain't the worst." " What's tho next misfortune ?" I inquired. "Why, when he got hold of mo, he said-'Is this tho first time you have boon away with Jerry, sir?' and. I said 'Yes' (which was the awfullost lie you over heard, for I went ovor to Barker's with him two days before) ; then ho said-' Well, I must believe you if you say so. I shall not disgrace you by making inquries among the men and then ho gave it me for going that time, and since then I've felt like Cain and Abel for telling him such a lie. What would you do eh?" " I should tell him allabout it," I said. " Ah, but then I shall catch it again, don't you seo ! Hadn't I better wait till those wales are gono down?" " I wouldn't, if I were you," I answered ; " I'd tell him at once." " I wonder why ho is so particular," said Jim ; *' tho Dolislosand tho Donovans spend as much of their time in the huts as they do in the house," " And fine young blackguards they'll turn out," I said ; in which I was right in those two instances. And although I have seen young fellows brought up among convicts who have turnod out respectable in the end, yet it is not a promising school for good citizens. But at Toonarbin no such precautions as these were taken with regard to Charles. Tom was too careless, and Mary too indulgent. It was hard enough to restrain the boy during tho lesson hours, falsely so called. After that he was allowed to go whore he liked, and even his mother sometimes felt roliovcd by his absence ; so that ho was continually in tho men's huts, listening to their yarns-sometimes harmless bush adventures, sometimes, porhaps, ribald stories which ho could not tindcrstand ; but one day Tom Troubridgo coming by the hut looked in quietly, and saw master Charles smoking a black pipe (he was not more than fourteen), and heard such a conversation going on that ho advanced suddenly upon them, and ordered the boy homo in a sterner tone than ho had : ever usod to him before, and looked out of the door till he had disappeared. Then he turned round to tho men. Thero were three of thom, all convicts, ono of whom, the one he hoard talking when he came in, was a large, desperate-looking fellow. When these men mean to deprecate your anger, I romnrked they always look you blankly in tho face ; but if they mean to defy you and bo impudent, thoy never look at you, but always begin tumbling and fidgeting with something. So when Tom saw that the big man before mentioned (Daniel Harvey by name) was stooping down before tho fire, he know he was going to have a row, and waited, " So boss," began the ruffian, not looking at him, "we ain't fit company for tho likes ofthat kinchin eh?" " You're 'not fit company for any man except the hangman," said Tom, looking more like six-foot-six than six-foot-three. "Ohmy--colonial oath!" said the other; "oh my-' cabbage, tree !' So thore'a «oing to be a coil about that sorubby little myrnongor; eh'? Don't you fret your bingy, boss ; he'll bo as good a man as his father yet." For an instant a dark shadow passed over Tom's face. " So," he thought, " these fellows knew all about George Hawker, eh? Well, never mind; what odds if they do ?" And then ho said aloud, turning round on Harvey, " Look you here you dog ; if I ever hear of you talking in that style before that boy, or any other boy, by George I'll twist your head off !" He advanced towards him as if to perform that feat on the spot ; in a moment the convict had snatched his knife from his belt and rushed upon him. Very suddenly indeed ; but not quite quick enough to take the champion of Devon by surprise. Ero he was well-within reach Tom bad seized the hand that held the knife, and with a backward kick of his left foot sent tho embryo assassin sprawling on his back on tho top of the fire, whence Tom dragged him by his heels, far more astonished than burnt. The other two men had, meanwhile, sat taking no notice, or seeming to take none, of the disturbance. Now, how ever, one of them spoke, and Baid " I'm sure, sir, you didn't hear me say nothing wrong to tho young gent," and so on, in a whining tono, till Tom cut him short by saying that, "ifho had any moro nonsense among them, he would send 'em all threo over to Captain Desborough, to tho tune of fifty (lashes) a-piece." After this littlo emculc Chorlos did not daro to go into the huts, and soon after theso three men wero exchanged. But there remained one man whose con versation and teachings, though not, perhaps, s o openly outrageously villanous as that of the worthy Harvey, still had a very unfortunate effect upon his character. This wasa rather small, wiry, aotive man, by namo Jaoksón, a native, colonially convioted, very clever among horses, a capital light-weight boxer, and in running superb, a pupil and protege of tho immortal "flying pieman," (Slay his shadow never bo less!) a capital cricketer, and a supremo humbug. This man, by his various accomplishments, and great tact, had won a high place in Tom Troubndge's estimation, and was in a place of trust among the horses ; consequently having continual access to Charles, to whom ho made himself highly agreeable, as beiag hoir to tho property ; giving him such insights into the worst side of sporting life, and such truthful accounts of low lifo in Sydney, as would havo gono far to corrupt a lad of far stronger moral principio than ho. And so, between this teaching of evil and neglect of good, Mary Hawker's boy did not grow up all that might bo desired. And at seventeen, I am sorry to say, ho got into a most disreputable connexion with a Highland tgirl, at ono of tho Donovans' out-station huts ; which caused his kindly guardian, Tom Trou bridge, a great deal of vexation, and his mother tho deepest grief, which waa much increased at the same time by something I will relato in tho next chapter. So Bixtcon years rolled peacefully away, chequered by such trifling lights and slindowa as I have spoken of. Tho new generation, tho children of those whom we knew at first, are now ready to take thoir places, and boar themselves with more or less credit in what may bo going on. And now comos a period whioh in the memory of all those whom I have introduced to you ranks as the most important of their livos. To mc, looking back upon nearly sixty years of memory, tho events which are coming stand out from tho rest of my quiet lifo, well defined, and remarkable, above all others. As looking on our western moors, one sees the long straight sky lino, broken only once in many milos by somo fantastic Tor. IN TíDIOU MARY HAWKER LOSES ONE OF HEB OLDEST SWEETHEARTS. Sixteen years of peace and plenty had rolled over the heads of James Stockbridge and myself, and wo had grown to bo rich. Our agent used to rub his hat »nd bow, whenovor our high mightinesses visited to Thero was money in tho bank, thero was claret in cellar, thoro wero race-borses in tho paddock ; short, wo were wealthy, prosperous mon-Jame mflKistratí. November sot inhuming hot, and by tho tenth grass was as dry as stubble : still wo hoped ft thunder-storm and a few days' nun, but none ca December wore wearily on, and by Christmas smaller creeks, »xcept those which wore sao w-fed, w reauoed to a few muddy powis, and vast quantities cattle were congregated within easy reach of tho ri' from other people's runs, miles away. Of course, feed began to got very scarce, yet wo w hardly so bailly off yet as our neighbours, for we ] just parted with every beast we could spare, at h prices, to Port Phillip, and were only waiting for first rains to start after storo cattle, which were soi what hard to get near tho new colony. No rain yet, and wo wero in tho ond of January; i fountains of heavon were dried up. but now all roi tho northern horizon tho bush fires burnt continual a pillar of smoke by doy, and a pillar of fire by nig Nearer, by night, like an enemy creeping up t beleaguered town. The weather had been very s for some time, and we took precaution to burn gr strips ofgrass all round tho paddocks to tho north, I in spite of all our precautions, I knew that, shoul strong wind come on from that quarter, nothing sh of a miracle could savo us. But as yet tho weather was very Btill, not v bright, but rather cloudy, anl a dense haze of sim was over everything, making the distanoes look 1 times ns fur as they really were, and rendering ? whole landscape as groy and melancholy as you < conceive There was nothing much to be done, but Bit in tho verandah, drinking clarct-and-water, a watching and hoping for a thunderstorm. On the third of February tho heat was worse th ever, but there was no wind ; and as tho sun wo down among tho lurid smoko, rod as blood, I thoug Z mada out a few white brush-shaped clouds rising the north. Jim and I sat there lato, and talking much. V knew that if wo were to bo burnt out our loss would very heavy ; but wo thanked God that even were wo lose everything it would not be irreparable, and tb wo should still bo wealthy. Our brood mares u racing-stock were our greatest anxiety. "We had a go stack of hay, by which, wo might keep them alive i another month, supposing all the grass was burnt ; b if we lost that, our horses would probably die. I sa at last "Jim, wo may make up our minds to have the ri swept. The fire is burning up now." "Yes, it is brightening," said he, " but it must ' twenty miles off still, and if it comes down with gentle wind wo shall save tho paddocks and buy, 1 he is a good deal of grass in tho lower paddock. I a glad we had tho forethought not to feed it down. "We! tire or no fire, I shall go to bcd." Wo went to bed, and, in spite of anxiety, mopqi toes, and heat, I fell asleep. In the grey morning was awakened, nearly suffocated, by a dull continuum roar. It was tho wind in the chimney. The non wind, so long imprisoned, had broke loose, and tl boughs were crashing, and tho trees were fulling, befo: the majesty of his wrath; I ran out, and mot James in tho verandah. " Il all up," I said. " Get tho women and children in thoriver,nndlot tho men go up to windward with tl ahoop- Bkins. I'll got on horse-back, and go and si how tho Morgans get on. That obstinate fellow will wii be bad come in now." Morgan was a stockman of ours, who lived, with wife and two children, about eight miles to the nort ward. We always thought it would have been bett for bini to move in, but he had put it off, and now t fire had taken us by surprise I rode away, dend-up wind. Our station had a fe largo treoa about fit, and then all was clear plain ar short grass for two milos ; after that came scrub! rangos, in nn open glade of which the Morgans' hi stood. I feared, from tho density of the smoke, thi tho fire had reached them already, but I thought it m duty to go and see, for I might meet them fleeing, an 1 help them with tho children. I had seen many bush-fires, but nover such a one r this. The wind was blowing a hurricane, and, when had ridden about two miles into scrub, high enough t brush my horse's belly, I began to get frightenet Still I persevered, against hope ; tho heat grew moi fearful every moment ; but I reflected that I had ofte ridden up close to a bush-fire, turned when I beean t see the flame through tho smoko, and cantered awa from it easily. Then it struck mo that I had never yet seen a bush firo in such a hurrionno as this Then I remomherc stories of men riding for their lives, and others o burnt horses and men found in tho bush. And now, I saw a sight which made mo turn in good earnest I was in lofty timber, and, ns I paused, I heard th mighty crackling of firo coming through tho wood. A tho samo instant the blinding smoko burst into a mil lion tongues of flickering flame, and I saw the fire - no whore I had evorscen it boforo-not creeping aloiij among the sorub-but up aloft, a hundred and fift; foot over their head It had caught the dry bituminou' tops of tho higher boughs, and was flying along fron tree-top totrco-top like lightning. Below, the wini was comparatively moderate, but, up there, it wa travelling twenty miles an hour. I saw ono tree ignit ing like gun-cotton, and then my heart grew small and I turned and fled. I rodo as I novo rodo boforo. There wero three mile to go ero I cleared tho forest, and got among tho abor grass, whoro I could save myself-three milos 1 Tor minutes nearly of intolerable heat, blinding smoko and mortal terror. Any death but this ! Drowninf wero pleasant, glorious to sink down into the cool sparkling water. But, to bo burnt nlivo! Fool that I was to venture so far ! I would give all my money now to be naked and penniless rolling about in a cool pleasant river. Tlio maddened, terrified horse wont like tho wind, bul not like tho hurricane- that was too swift for us. The fire had outstripped us over-head, »nd I could seo it dimly through tho infernal choking reek, leaping and blazing a hundred yards boforo us, among the feathery foliage, dovouring it, as tho south wind devours thc thunder clouds. Then I could see nothing. Was 1 clear of the forest? Thank the Lord, yes-I was riding over grass. i I managed to pull up tho horse, and ns I did BO, a mob of kangaroos blundered by, blinded, almost against mo, notioing me no moro in their terror than if I had been a stump or a stone. Soon tho firo came hissing along through the grass scarcoly six inches high, and I walked my horse through it ; then I tumbled off on the blacken ed ground, and felt ns if I should dio, I lay thoro on tho hot black ground. My head felt like a blook of stono, and my neck was still* so that I could not inovo my head. My throat was swelled and dry as a sand-hill, and there was a roaring in my ears liko a cataract. I thought of tho cool waterfalls among tho rooks far away in Devon. I thought of everything that was cold and pleasnnt, and then eamo into my hoad about Dives praying for a drop of water. I tried to get up, but could not, so lay down again with my head upon my arm. It grow cooler, and tho atmosphere was clearer. I got up, and, mounting my horse, turned homeward. Now I began to think about tho station. Could it hayo escaped ? Impossible ! Tito fire would fly a bundi yards or more such.a day as this even in low plain. Is it munt be gono ! Thero was a great roll in tho ph between mo and home, so that I could see nothing j our place-all around the country was black without trace of vegetation. Behind mo were the smoking rui of tho forost I had escaped from, whore now the hun out trees began to thunder down rapidly, and before, the south, I could see the fire raginpr miles away. So the station is burnt, then ? No ! For as I top t ridge, there it is before me, standing ns of old-a brig oas'u in tho desert of burnt country round. Ay 1 t very hay-stack is safe 1 And the paddocks ?-all righ glory be to God ! I got homo, and James came running to meet mo. " I was getting terribly frightened, old man," said li " I thought you wero caught. Lord save us, you loi ten years older than you did this morning." I tried to answer, but could not speak for drougli He ran and got mo a great tumbler ot claret-and-wate and, in the evening, having drunk about an imperi gallon of water, and taken afterwards some claret, I ft pretty well revived. Men were sont out at once to see after tho Morgan and found them perfectly safe, but very much frigh ened ; they had, however, saved their hut, for the fi had passed before the wind had got to its full strengt So we were delivered from the fire ; but still no rail All day, for tho next month, the hot north wind wou blow till five o'clock, and then a cool southerly bree: would come up and revive us ; but still tho heave] were dry, and our cattle died by hundreds. On tho eighteenth of March, wo sat in tho verandf looking still over tho blackened unlovely prospect, bi now cheorfully and with hopo ; for tho eastern si was piled up range upon range wiUi the scarlet ai purple splendour of cloud-land, and, as dnrkne gathered, wo saw thc lightning not twinkling and glii; mering harmlessly about tho horizon, as it had been a the summer, but falling sheer in violet-coloured rive behind tho dark curtain of rain that hung from tl black edge of a teeming thunder-cloud. "Wo had asked our overseer in that night, being Satu day, to drink with us ; he sat very still, and talked bi littlo, as was his wont. I shipped him on tho back, an aaid : " Do you remember, Geordie, that muff in Thalal who chose thc wrong cloud ? Ho should havo got yo or mo to chooso for bim;-wo wouldn't havo made mistake, I know. Wo would have chosen such a or as yon glorious big-bellied fellow. Seo how grandly li comes growling up !" " It's just come," said ho, " without the praying foi When tba fire came owre tho hill tho other day, I jiu put up a bit of prayer to the Lord, that He'd spare th haystack, and he spared it. (I didna stop working, y ken ; I worked the harder ; if ye dinna mean to worl yo should na pray.) But I never prayed for rain didna, ye see, like to ask tho Lord to upset all his gnu laws of electricity and evaporation, just because it would suit us. I thocht He'd likely ken hotter than raysc Hech, sirs, but that chiel's ruling hard !" A horsemen nppeared making for the station at fui speed; when ho was quito close, Jim called out, "B, Jove, it is Doctor Mulhaus !" and we ran out into th yard to meet him. Before any ono had time to speak, he shouted out " My dear boys, I'm so gl&d; I am in time : wo ar going to seo ono of the grandest electrical disturb anees it has ever been my lot to witness. I reined u| just now to look, and I calculated that the souther) point of explosion a'oiio is disoharging nino times ii the minute. How is your barometer ?" Haven't looked, Doctor." "Careless fellow," he roplicd, " you don't desorvo ti have one." *'Nevor mind, slr, wo have got you Rafe and'snu| out of tho thunderstorm. It is going to bo very heav; I think. I only hope we will have plenty of rain." "Not much doubt of it," said he. "Now, com into tho verandah and let us watch the storm." We went and sat there ; the highest peaks of tin great cloud alps, lately brilliant red, were now cob silver grey, harshly defined against a faint crimsoi background, and we began to hear tho thunder rollin) and muttering. All else was deadly still and heavy. " Mark the lightning !" said the Doctor ; *' thal which is beforo the rain- wall is white, and that bobine violet-coloured. Here comes the thunderguat." A fierce blast of wind came hurrying on, carrying i cloud of dust and leaves before it. It shook the foul corners of the house and passed away. And now ii was a fearful sight to see the rain spouts pouring fron the black edge of the lower cloud as from a pitcher nearly overhead, nnd lit up by a continous hinze ol lightning. Another blaBt of wind, now a few drops and in ten minutes you could barely distinguish th« thunder above the rattle of the rain on tho shingles. It warred and banged around us for an hour, so thal wo could hardly hear ono anothor speak. At length the Doctor bawled, " Wo shall have a crack closer than nny yet, you'll seo; wo always have ono particular ono ;- our atmos' phere is not restored to its balance yet-thero !" Tho curtains were drawn, and yet. for an instant, the room was as bright ns day. Simultaneously there came a crack and an explosion, so loud and terrifying, that, used as I was to such an event, I involuntarily jumped up from my seat. "Areyou all right here?" said tho Doctor; and, running out into the kitchen, shouted, "Any one hurt?" The kitchen girl said the lightning had run all down her back like cold water, and the housekeeper averred that she thought tho thunder had taken tho roof of the house off. So we soon peroeived that nothing was the matter, and sat down again to our discourse, and ¿ur supper. "Well," bogan I, "here's tho rain come at last. In a fortnight there will be good grass again. We ought to start and get some store cattle." " But where ?" replied James, " We shall have to go a long way for thom ; everyone will be wanting the same thing now. We must push a long way north, and make a depot somewhere westward. Then we can pick thom up sixes and sevens at a time. When shall ! we go ?" "The sooner tho better." "I think I will como with you," said the Doctor. " I have not been a journey for some time." " Your conversation, sir," I said, "will shorten the journey by one- halt"-which was sincorely said. Away wo went northward, with the mountains on our left, leaving snow-streaked Kosciusko nearly behind us, till a great pass, through the granito walls, opened up tho westward, up which wo turned, Mount Murray towering up tho south. Soon wo were on tho Murrum bidgee, sweeping from side to side of his mountain valley in broad curves, sometimes rushing hoarse, swollen by tho late rains, tinder beda of high timber, and somfttimea dividing broad meadows of rich grass, growing green once moro undor tho invigorating hand of autumn. All naturo had awakened from her deep summer sleep, tho air was brisk and nimble, and seldom did three happier mon ride on their way than James, the Doctor, and I. S Good Doctor ! How ho beguiled tho way with his learning-in ecstasies all tho time, enjoying everything, animate or inanimate, as you or I would enjoy a new play or a now opera. How I envied lum ! He was liko a man always reading a now and pleasant book. At first tho stockmen rode behind, talking about boasts, and horses, and what not-often talking about nothing at all, but riding along utterly without thought, if Buch a thing could bc. But seon I noticed thoy would draw up closer, and regard tho Doctor wit some sort of attention, till toward tho evening of th second day, ono of them, our old acquaintance Dich asked tho Doctor a question, as to why, if I rcmembr right, certain trees should grow in certain localities and there only. Tho Doctor reined up alongside hil dircotly, and in plain forcible language explained th matter : how that some plants required more of on sort of substance than another, and how they got it ou of particular soils ; and how, in tho lapse of years, the had come to thrive best on the soil that suited them und had got stunted and died out in other parts "Seo," Bah! ho, "how the turkey bolds to tho plains and the pheasant (lyre-bird) to the scrub, bocause ead one finds its food there. Trees cannot move ; but b; time, and by positively refusing to grow on unkindl; Boils, they arrange themselves in the localities whici suit them best." So after this they rode with theDoctor always, bot! hearing him and asking him questions, and atlaBt, wo: by his blunt kindliness, they grew to liko and respec him in their way, even as we did. So wo farodon through bad weather and rough countr; enjoying a journey which, but for him, would hav been a mero trial of patience. Northward ever through forest and plain, over mountain and swamp across sandstone, limestone, granite and rich vegetation Sometimes we would camp out, but oftener managed t reach a station at night. "We got well across tho dr; country between tho Murrumbidgee and Lachlan, no\ abounding with pools of water ; and, having crossei the latter river, held on our course towards Crokor' Rango, which we skirted ; and, after having been abou a fortnight out, arrived at the lowest station on th Macquarie late in the afternoon. ¡J This was our present destination. The owner was friend of ours, who gavo us a hearty welcome, and, oi our enquiries as to store cattle, thought we might pic! up a good mob of them from one station or anothei We might, said ho, make a depot for thom, as w collected them, on somo unoccupied land down th river. It was poor country, but there was grass enougl to keep thorn alive. Ho would show us a good plac in a fork, where i*- is impossible to cross on two sides and whero they would bo easily kept together ; tba was, if we liked to risk it. " Risk what " wo asked. "Hincks," said he. "They aro mortal troublesom just now down tho river. I thought wo had quietei them, but they have been up to their old games lately spearing cattle, and so on. I don't like, in fact, to g< too far down thero alono. I don't think they aro Mac quario blacks ; I fancy they must have come up fron the Darling, through tho marshes." We thought wo should have reason to bo afraid witl such a strong party as ours; and Owen our host, havinj somo spare cattle, wo were employed for the next thre< days in getting them in. Wo got nearly a hundrei head from him. Tho first morning wo got there tho Doctor ha< vanished ; but tho third evening, as we were sittinj down to supper, in he carno, dead beat, with a grea bag full of stones. When we had drawn round the fire I said : " Have you got any now fossils for us to see ?" " Not ono," he said ; " only some minerals." " Do not you think, sir," said Owen, our host, " tba there are some ores of metals round this country? Tin reason I ask you is, wo so often pick up curiousl; coloured stones, like those wo got from tho mines a home, in Wales, where I come from." " I think you will find some rich mines near hen <oon. Stay ; it can do you no harm. I will tell yoi .lomething : three days ngo I followea up the river, an< ibout twenty miles above this spot I beoamo attrnctoc hy tho conformation of tho country, and remarket it ns being very similar to some veiy famou spots in South America. ' Here,' I Bnid to my self, ' Maximilian, you have your volcanic dis turbnnco, your granite, your clay slate, and sandstone upheaved, and seamed with quartz-why should yoi not discover here, what is certainly here, more or less [ looked patiently for two d<tys, andi I will show yoi what I found " He went to his bag and fetched an angular ston a¡ big ns one's Gst. It was whito, stained on one side witl rust-colour, but in tho heart veined with a brighl yellow metallic substance, in some places running ir delicate veins into tho stone, in others breaking out ir large shining lumps. "That's iron-pyrites," said I, as pat ns you please. " Goose !" said tho Doctor ; " look again." I looked again, it was certainly different to iron' pyrites ; it was brighter, it ran in veins into the stono it was lumpy, solid, and clean. I Baid, " It is verj beautiful ; toll us what it is." "Gold!" said ho, triumphantly, getting up anti walking about tho room in an excited way : "thai little stone is worth a pound, thero is a quarter of ar ounce in it. Give mo ten tons, only ten cartloads such stono as that, and I would buy a principality." Every one crowded round the stono open-mouthed, and James said : " Are you sure it is gold, Doctor ?" " He aslcB mo if I know gold, when I seo it,-me. you understand, who have scientifically examined all the best mines in Peru, nob to mention the Minea GernGs in tho Brazils ! My dearïfellow, to a man who has once seen it, native gold is unmistakeable, utterly so ; thero is nothing at all like it." "But this is a remarkablo discovery, sir," said Owen. What aro you going to do !" " I shall go to tho Government," said he, " and make tho best bargain I can." I had better mention here that ho afterwards did go to the Government, and (¿announced his discovery. Rather to the Doctor's disgust, howover, though he acknowledged the wisdom of tho thing, the courteous and able gentleman who then represented his Majesty, informed Mm that ho was perfectly aware of tho exist ence of gold, but that he for ono should assert tho pre rogative of the Crown, and prevent any ono mining on Crown-lands ; as he considered that, were the gold abundant, tho effects on tho convict population would bo eminently disastrous. To which obvious piece of good sense the Doctor bowed his head, and tho whole thing passed into oblivion-so much so, that when I heard of Hargravo's discovery in ISSI, I bad nearly for gotten tho Doctor's gold adventure ; and I may here state my belief that tho knowledge of its existence was confined to vory few, and those well-educated men, who nevor guessed (how could they without considerable workings ?) bow abundant it was. As for tho stories of shepherds finding gold and selling it to tho Jews in Sydney, thoy aro very mythical, and I for ono entirely disbelieve them. In timo wo had collected about 250 head of cattle from various points into tho fork of the river, whioh lay further down, some seven miles, than his houso. As yot wo bad not been troubled by the blackfellows. TboBB wo had seen Beemed pretty civil, and wo had not allowed them to get familiar ; but this pleasant state of things was not to last. James and tho Doc tor, with ono man, wero away for tho very last mob, and I was sittiiif* bofore tho fire nt tho camp, when Dick, who was left behind with me, asked for my gun to go and shoot a duck. I lent it him, and away he went, while I mounted my horso and rodo slowly about, heading baok BUOII of the cattle as appeared to bo wandering too far. I heard a ßhot, and almost immediately another; then I hoard a queer sort of scream, whioh puzzled me extremely. I grow frightened and rode towards the quarter where the shots came from, and almost imme dintcly heard a loud Co'oo. I replied, and then I MW Dick limning along through the bushes, peering about him and holding his gun as one does when expecting bird to riso. Suddenly ho raised his gun and Out dashed a blackfellow from his hiding pince run nmg across tho open, and with his second barrel D.ck rolled lum over. Then I saw half-a-dozen others pe, shaking their spoors ; hut seeing me riding up, and supposing I was armed, they made off "HowditltliUoomoaboat, Dick, my lad?" said I "This is a bad job." ' "Well," he said, "I just fired at a duck, and the moment my gun was gone off, up jumped half-a-dozen one of thom a charge of shot in his stomnoh at twenty ynrds, nnd dropped him ; thoy threw a couple more spears, but both missed, and I hobbled out as well as I could, loading as I went with a couplo of tallow cartridges. I saw this other beast skulking, and missed him first time, but ho has got something to remoraber mo by now." like to leave you alone.' "One must stay," I said, "and better tho sound man than tho wounded one. Como, start off, and let mo get to tno camp, or thoy will bo plundering that next." I started him off and ran back to the camp. Every thing was safe ns yet, and tho ground round being clear, and having a double-barrel gun and two pistols, I was not so very much frightened. It is no uso to say I was perfectly comfortable, because I wasn't. A Frenchman writing this, would represent himself ns smoking a cigar, and singing with the greatest nonchalance. I did neither. Being an English man, I may be allowed to confess that I did not liko it. I had fully made up my mind to fire on tho first black who showed himsolf, but I did not get theoppor« tunity. In about two hours I heard a noise of men shouting and whips cracking, and tho Doctor and James rode up with a fresh lot of cattle I told thom what had happened, and wo agreed to wait and watch till nowR should come from the station, and then to start. Thero was, as wo thought, but littlo danger while thwe were four or five together; but tho worst of it was, that we were but poorly armed. However, at nightfall. Owen and ono of his mon carno down, reporting that Dick, who had been speared, was getting all right, and bringing also threo swords, and a brace of pistols. James and I took a couple of swords, and began fencing, in play, I see," said tho Doctor, " that you know tho use of a sword, you two." " Lord bless you !" I »aid, " we wore in the Yeomanry (Landwehr you call it) ; weren't we, Jim ? I was a coi-poral," "I wish," said Owen, "that, now wo aro together, five of us, you would como and give these fellows a lesson ; they want it badly." " Indeed," I said, " I think they have had lessons enough for tho present. Dick has put down two of them. Beside, wo could not leave the cattle." "lam sorry," snid Jnme3, "that any of our party has had this collision with them. I cannot bear shoot ing the poor brutes. Let us move out of this, home ward, to-morrow morning." Just before dark, who should come liding down from tho station but Dick !-evidently in pain, but making believe that ho was quite comfortable. " Why, Dick, my boy," I said, "I thought you wera in bed ; j ou ought to be, at any rate." " Oh there's nothing much the matter with me, Mr. Hamlyn," he said. "You will have some trouble with i theso fellows, unless I am mistaken. I was told to j look after you once, and I mean to do it." (He referred to the letter that Lee had sont him years before. ) That night Owen stayed with us at the oamp. Wa set a watch, and he took the morning spell. Every« thing passed off quietly ; but when we came to examine our cattle in the morning, the lot thai James had brought in the night before were gone. The river, flooded when we first came, had now lowered considerably, so that tho cattle could cross if they really tried. Theso last, being wild and restless, had gone over, and we soon found tho marks of them, across the river. The Doctor, James, Dick, and I started off af ter them having armed ourselves for security. We took a sword a-piece, and each linda pistol. The ground was moist, and the beasts easily tracked ; so wo thought an easy jjb was before us, but we soon changed our minds. Following on tho trail of tho cattlo, wo very soon came on the footsteps of a black fellow, evidently more recent than tho hoofmarks ; then another footstep joined in, and another, and at last we mado out that above a dozen blacks wero tracking our cattle, and wera bctwpen us and them. StilL we followed tho trail as fast ns we could, I was uneasy, for we were insufficiently armed, but I found time to point out to the Doctor, what ho had never remarked before, tho wonderful difference between tho naked foot-print of a whito man and a savage. Tba white mau loaves tho impression of his whole sole, overy toe being distinctly marked, while your black fellow leaves scarce any too-mnrks, hut acema morely to spurn the ground with the ball of his foot. I felt very ill at ense. Tho morning was raw, and o dense fog was over everything. One always ^e^. wretched on such a morning, but on that one I few miserable. There was an undefinable horror over mo, and I talked more than any one, glad to hear tho sound of my own voice. Once tho Doctor turned round and looked at mo fixedly from under his dark eyebrows. " Hamlyn, lia said, "I don't think you are well j you talk fast, ana aro evidently nervous. We are in no danger, I think, but you seem as if you wero f rightened." " So I am, Doctor, but I don't know what at. Jim was riding first, and he turned and said, I have lost tho black fellow's track entirely; hero aro tua hoof-marks, safe enough, but no foot-prints, and tho ground scorns to bo rising." .. The fog was very thick, so that wo could soo nothm g above a hundred yards from us. We had come througu forest all tho way, and were wet with pushing througa low shrubs. As wo paused came a puff of air, ana in five minutes the fog had rolled away, and a clear Diue sky and a bright sun were overhead. . Now wo could see whero we wore. We were in toa lower end of a precipitous mountain-gulloy, nnrr0J; whero wo wero, and growing rapidly narrower ns w advanced. In tho fog we had followed the cattle-tractcs right into it, passing, unobserved, two great heaps 01 tumbled rocks which walled tho glen ; they were thickly fringed with scrub, and it immediately 8truBt me that they stood just in the place where wo haü los« the tracks of the black fellows. , I should have mentioned this, but, nt this moment. James caught sight of tho lost cattle, and ho gft»°g"5 off after thom ; wo followed, and very quickly '1CI\ ~r them down tho glen, and wero posting homewaia w hard ns we could go. «.«m I remember well thero was a young bull among tueu» that took the lead. As ho came nearly opposite ino two piles of rock which I have mentioned, I saw ama«.» fellow leai) on a boulder, and send a spear into Jinn. Ho headed back, and the other beasts came ag«»" him. Before wo could pull up wo wero against tu» cattle and thoa all was confusion and disaster. Two black follows wero on us at once, shouting liko devils, ¿id sending down their spears upon us liko rain. 1 heard the Doctor's voice, above all the infernal din, cry {",r "Viva! Swords, my boys ; take your swords !" I heard two pistol shots, and then, with deadly wrath in my heart, I charged at a crowd of thom, who were huddled togother, throwing their spears wildly, and laid about me with my cutlass like a madman, I saw them scrambling up over the rocks in wild con fusion j then Iboard tho Doctor calling mo to come on. Ho had reined up, aud a fow of tho discomfited savages were throwing spoar3 at him from a long distance. .\Vhen he saw nie turn to como, ho turned also, and rode after James, who was two hundred yards ahead, reel ing in his saddlo like a drunken man, grinding his teoth, and making fierco clutches at a spear which was buried deep in his side, and which at last ho succeeded in tearing out. Ho went a few yards further, and then full off his horse on the ground. "We wero both off in a moment, but when I got his head on my lap, I saw ho was dying. Tho Doctor looked at the wound, and shook his head. I took his right hand in mine, and tho other I held upon his true and faithful heart, until I felt it flutter, and stop for avon Then I broke down altogether. " Oh ! good old friend ! Oh ! dear old friend, could you not wait for me? Shall I never seo you again ?" Yes ! I think that I shall seo you again. "When I have crossed the dark river which wo must all cross, I think ho will bo one of thoso who como down to meet mo from tho gates of the Everlasting City. ***** "it "A man," said tho Doctor tome, two days after, when we wero sitting together in tho station parlour, "who approached as nearly tho model which our Groat Master has left us as any man I know. I studied and admired him for many years, and now I cannot tell you not to mourn. I can give you no comfort for tho loss of such a man, save it be to say that you and I may hopo to meet him again, and learn new lessons from him, ina better place that this," [TO Bli CONÏINUED.J 