THE COUNTRY. On Thursday a bush-fire was burning in Bullarook Forest. Mr. Robert Anderson, of Dean, injured by boing thrown out of his buggy last Sunday, is reported to bo dead. > During the lost week or two a largo num ber of' cattle have died on tho Axedale Common from pleuro pneumonia, and ono or two coses are now on the Heath coto Common. The M'lvor Times states that it is tho opinion of good judges that this disease will cause great ravages among the cattle this year. The M. A. Mail reports an inquest held yesterday, at Barker's Creek, on the body of Patrick Thompson, aged seventy, who died suddenly on the previous day from iiifirmities incident to old age. The deceased was an old resident of Castlemaine, an itinerant hawker of crockery, and was respectably connected in Glasgow. On Friday laBt a carter named Thomas Bowon attempted to guide somo police horses, then crossing tho Southern Lagoon at Deniliquin, during tho heavy floods there, to the further hank. AA'hilo doing so, ho slippod off his horse, and it was stipposod the animal he was riding kicked him, as he sank and was drowned. On Saturday afternoon last two young ladies, Miss Cox, a daughter of Mr. R. Cox, and MiBS Zouch, a daughter of Captain Zouch, went to bathe in the AVolIomlilly River, near Goulburn, entering tho water hand in hand, happy and full of life, when by some accident, Miss Cox was unfortun ately drowned, and it was with difficulty the lifo of Miss Zouch was saved. There is to be no inquest into the -causes of tho lato fire in Kardinia-streot, Geelong, says the Advertiser, tho agents of the insu rance offices being satisfied that no sugges tion of inoendiarism could bo put forward. Tho same-decision has boon arrived at as to tho firo at Gowio's Creek. The amounts in sured will bo paid over to the sufferers in duo course. The Bendigo papers report tho death of . Mr. Monoghon, who, for a number of yoars, was tho able leader of tho hand bearing his name, on Sandhurst, where, by his unas suming antj, agreeable manners, he had the good fortune -to secure a wide circle of friends. He departed this life at a quarter to 9 o'clock yesterday morning, after a ratber lengthened illneBS. At a meeting of the Becchwerth Branch Railway Committee, on Thursday, a lottor was read from Mr. Climie, reporting on the cost of constructing tho line from AVanga- ratta on the Fairlie system. Tho estimate of Mr. Climie, £139,000, was far greater than expected, nays the Ovens Spectator, and was evidently an outside estimate, formed so as to bo perfectly on the safe side. In. deed, Mr. Climie admitted that with a fresh survey of one part of the line, namely the first eleven miles from Beoch worth, the mot- might be greatly reduced. A serious accident happened at Beech worth on Thursday to a carter named Harrison, living at Spring Creek. The Ovtrjt Spectator states that Harrison had been drinking to excess, and while carting bricks fell off his dray, tho wheels of which passed over his body. He was at onco taken to tho Ovens hospital, whoro it was found that his collar bono was broken, and that he had re. ceivcd somo severo internal injury from one wheel of tho dray passing over his stomach The extent of the injury is not yet known" hut tho man is certainly in a very dangerous state, Tho Pleasant Creel; Chronicle sayB It appears that tho result ot the commission sent by tho Government to investigate tho charges against Sir. Cobhain, tho Supcrin tendant of I'olice for the W'immc-ra. was so unfavorable that Mr. Cobhain was at onco called upon to resign, ap'tl- lias left htatvell for Melbourne. Wo miteh regret that before leaving, tho axe Was freely used in cutting down the trees and vinta in tho pretty garden adjoining the polibo residence Considerable indignation is expressed at so ' foolish and wanton an act. Much sympathy was expressed for tho lato superintendent before this act was committed. By the Talbot Leader we learn that tho total gross receipts of tho Amherst hospital fete will rench at least £1300. The same journal also remarks AVo have one fact to communicate with reference to tho Clunes ""ueeio, ' v , generally known, and which will, when be appre ciated. It is that every man of them haB paid for his own uniform. Seeing that tho wholo display is to benefit a charity, this fact is very creditable, and would entitle them to groat praise, even if their uniform was tho meanest in tho procession, instead of being ono of tho best. AVe hope our lan cers, dragoons, and BaBhi Bazouks will on future occasions profit by the example of Clunes. A fellow named AVilliam Grant was brought before tho Geelong police-court on Friday, and orderod to find sureties that ho Would keep tho peace towards Alice Thorn- ton for tho term of throo months, Aa re ported by us, Grant on tho 7th inst. vio lently asssaultcd the unfortunate girl, Bhe having been drinking at the Thistle Inn. Not satisfied with knocking her down, tho inhuman brute kicked her in the face, which was ono mass of scars, and had the impu dence to say, in defence, that the girl used to live with him, and as she would not como home he dragged her along the street. AVo agree with tho Geelong Advertiser that a month's solitary confinement, and fifty lashes judiciously applied, would do him " a world of good." Richard Herring, ot forty-two years' ex perience of the Australian, colonies, and moro than seventy years of age, died at Steiglitz on Friday last. He was seventeen yearB a resident in Tasmania, and lor twenty-five years in Victoria, ehieiiy in the neighborhood i. of Geelong and Steiglitz. -Some twenty years ago, says the Geelong Advertiser, ho lived in tho ranges botween Geelong and Cape Otway, and from there sent several samples of coal to Melbourne and Geelong. Although infirm and incapable of moving about much of late years, he was desirous of taking a trip to the ranges again, to point out the place where lie alleged was a seam of coal of considerable thickness, and which lie had explored to some extent, and covered up again. Ho was much respected, and often attentively listened to in his narration of ad ventures of Australian bush life. John Brady, a bullock- driver, was drowned in the river Loddon on Monday evening last. From the evidence given at the inquest held on AVcdnesday at Bridgewater, it- appears that tho unfortunate man was employed as a bullock-driver by Mr. John AVinterbottom, of Swan Hill, who, with deceased, was taking- up loading from Sandhurst to Swan Hill. On Monday evening they crossed the Loddon at Bridgewator, and camped on the Ingle wood sido of the river. After unyoking the team, AVinterbottom went into thc bush with the bullocks, leaving orders with deceased to light a fire and get water for tea, and whon he came back he missed deceased. Ho afterwards tracked deceased's footsteps from the camp to the river, and on Tuesday morning, after dragging for some time, dc- ce'ased's body was (lrawn out of the river just opposite tho spot where Mb footmarks ended, aud where he had apparently slipped in while drawing water. Tho jury returned a verdict of accidentally drowned. Two women made application to Mr. Gaunt yesterday, at the Ballarat East Police Court, in each ease for a warrant to arrest a young girl who had gone from her home into bad company, and could not he made to return without tho interference of the police. Mrs. Bennett, who first applied, says the Star, had been before the bench on tiie same business on a previous court day, and she then stated that the girl, her daughter, was living at service at a placo where she did not wish her to be, and that alio was going about constantly with mem bers of tho drum and fife hand of tho Rangers, and with others. Mr. Gaunt issued tho wairant. Tho second applicant was a Airs. Jackson, and from her the bench found that she hail allowed her daughter, a girl fourteen years old, to go to one of tho casinos, and that tho girl from that place had gone to Scbastopol with a person sho met. Mr. Gaunt na<d it was not much wonder the girl had gone astray when her paronts had allowed her to go inside a casino ; but as she was already "neglected" she could bo arrested by the Sebitntopol police without a warrant. Ho directed the mother to go to Sebastopol and have her daughter arrested by tho polico there. The wheat crops in tho AVagga Wagga district, N.S.AV., which, owing to the wet ness of tho weather, autl the flooding of the lands during tho sowing season, would in any case have been comparatively small, will now, it is to bo feared, writes the Express, be very poor indeed, and on many farms assuredly will totally fail. Tho moistures and warmth of tho season has produced a superabundance of sap in the growing plants, and rust has boon the rosnlt. On somo hilly and naturally well-drained lnnds which have escaped in former seasons, when tho crops of the neighboring flats havo beon attacked, nat has appeared to an alarming extent. Tho plants are becoming absolutely rotten, anu tho destruction of the whole crop may already be said to be complete. On the flat' matters are equally bad. Tho diseaee, although it has shown itsolf on very many farms, has not become general, and hope are entertained that the crops in which it has not yet appeared may bo exempted altogether from attack, but the loss oven as it is must bo serious, and must most injuriously alfeev tho farming prospects of tho season. On Mr. Bennett's farm, on the Junce road, the whole of ono large, and until lately, most promising-looking crop has beon destroyel|i and upon many other farms tho state of affau8 is but very little bettor. 