MALTBRJATlMENVT OF THA WIN SA NE. (mlii TriE TIM s.) The death of another patient in Han well Lunatio.Asylum, again with frac tured ribs and other marks of violence on the body, is only too ieoll calculated to revive the suspicions recently excited. We need hardly remind the reader of what occurred in this very establishment in October last, or of a case which was re ported from. the Lancaster 'Asylum' two months later.. At Hantwell a patient named Nistri, who died in the house t within 10 days of his admission, was h found to have had eight of his ribs a broken, four on each side, oesides which t there was a bruise on his left chest. The a jury found that these injuries had caused t is death, and that they had been in- r flicted since his admission; but as to the a mannerin which they had been occasioned s an open verdict was returned. At Lan caster a poor creature who had been ad- a mitted in sound bodily condition died a f few days afterwards, and was found on examination with fractures and bruises a quite sufficient to account for his death. I At the inquest, however, direct evidence c was given of the maltreatment which he had suffered at the hands of two of the attendants, and they were found guilty of a manslaughter and sentenced to penal g servitude. We remarked at the time a that in such cases the authorities and e attendants of the asylum must needs be held accountable for the results in some form or other. Either violence must I have been used towards the patient or he must have been permitted to use violence towards himself. It is expressly to keep lunatics from doing themselves harm that asylums are conducted on a system of t vigilance and precaution; and if all t these precautions and all this vigilance are still insufficient to save a helpless t creature from breaking every rib in his body, there must be default or mis management somewhere or other. The case now reported is certainly explained more completely than the other two, but it will be for the public to say whether what occurred the other day at Hanwell ought to have been possible in a large and well-regulated asylum. William Bird, a commercial traveller, in his 51st year, was received at Hanwell on the 26th of February last, having been insane for about two years. lie was debilitated and partially paralysed, but the examination to which he was t subjected on admission disclosed no t marks of injury on his person. From i the time of his admission up to the 28th a March he slightly improved in bodily health, but at 9 o clock on the morning of that day he was reported to be " in a very bad fit." The resident medical officer then found him lying on a mat trass on the floor of a padded room, and h " strongly convulsed on the left side." He prescribed the remedies suitable to the case and left him, but no improve. t ment occurred during the day. The b next morning, but only then, the doctor 13 was informed that the patient had " had a fall" at the time of the fit, his sus' 8 picions on the point having been excited is by a certain symptom observed in the A left side. The poor man never recovered i his consciousness; but died in the evening i' of that day. On Wednesday, the 30th p Mlarch, a post mortem examination was made. when it was discovered that four a ribs welo broken on the left side, and that there. were slight bruises on other g parts of his body. As the professional n evidence established that the patient had g died of epilepsy, and not of the fracture p of his ribs, and that these fractures did p not, in all probability, even accelerate " death, a verdict at the inquest which t followed of " death from natural causes" was inevitable; but the question still re mains how were the man's ribs broken ? The evidence given by the attendants was circumstantial, and accounts for the patient hour by hour from Sunday night to the time of his death. At half-past 7 on Sunday evening an attendant went on duty for the night, and deposed to visiting Bird in his bedroom no less than six times. - He found him " mostly asleep." but at a quarter past four in the morning the man "had a slight fit," and was only "just recovering from it" when the attendant went off duty at 6. No report seems to have been made of this incident, nor was the doctor called. " We never do call the doctor," it was explained, "in slight fits." Accordingly, the next at. tendant, who went on duty in the morn ing, found poor Bird "in his usual health" at a quarter before 7, and " saw no difference in him." So he got him up, took him to his bath, and gave him his breakfast in the day room, at which meal he "ate and drank as usual." Within half an hour, however, he was found " in a fit, leaning against a chair," having " fallen partly on the floor and partly on the chair." It is remarkable that though there were several other patients and one of the attendants in the room at the time, nobody appears to have seen Bird fall, or, at any rate, to have given evi dence on the point. He was last seen, five minutes only before the fit, sitting on a sofa in front of the fire, and next, when the fit was upon him, lying across the chair. We are left to understand that by this fall upon the chair he frao. tured the four ribs found broken on his left side. Now, it may sertainly be asked whether if this amount of violence is likely to result from ra fall against a chair, some greater care should not have been taken of a man who had suffered from a slight fit-in fact, had a warning of epilepsy that very morning. We do not see, how ever, that the preliminary seizure was reported at all; or that the attendants in the day room had been informed of the attack which occurred in the night. The medical evidence, as we have said, was clear upon the point that Bird's death was the result of epilepsy, and nothing else. That, at least, was the testimony of the resident physician, but the coroner himself doubted whether it was compe tent to any person to affirm with certainty that the effects of the fit had not been aggravated by the injury to the ribs. This, of course, is a point for professional opinion; but if the fractures did really accelerate death, the accident might Splainly have booen prevented by keeping the poor man in his bedroom, and that, we should think, would have been a very natutal course after the attack in the r night. B3ut.it is very extraordinary that patients in lunatio asylums should be so a constantly liable to get their ribs broken. g The accident does not happen so fre quently to, other people or under other Sconditions; and it is past comprehension Swhy it should occur so repeatedly in establishments where it might reasonably I be expected never to occur at all. The Sentire apparatus and arrangements of a lunatic asylum are devised expressly for the protection of the inmates from any such harm. How isit that in these places, where safety should be so exceptionally -perfoect, there is such singular Insecurity for life and limb I' What worse could have happened to poor Bird in his own house than to fall "against a alchair'" with such violence as to break four of his ribs P \- We'do not insinuate any charge on this oc \- caslon against the attendants. It was not n proved, or indeed suggested, at the in ;o quest, that the patient had been the victim I- of any ill-usage; but a feeble and para if lysed lunatic, who had been found in a It it at 4 o'olock in the morning, is left to s- fall down in a worse fit four hours after o wards, and in such a fashion as to fracture it his ribs, What sort of management does that show P In these days we incur n heavy expenditure for lunatic asylums, and provide, we trust successfully, for ' the host treatment of their unhappy in- e mates which science can suggest; but e the public mind, has been startled by c recent disclosures, and there is a strong suspicion abroad that the subordinate f service of these establishments is not so f well regulated or superintended as it t should be. To say the least, it is un- I fortunate that inquest after inquest should a reveal examples of either preventable accidents or brutal violence, and it is high time that such scandals should cease. On Saturday last, as previously reported, 1 an order in the nature of an injunction was granted by his Honor Judge Pohlman, to re strain STr Thomas Gale, the aeronaut, from 1 exhibiting or ascending with. a balloon in a which he held a joint interest with Mr- W. D. Cooper, unless he should have previously i obtained the consent of the said Cooper. t The injunction was duly obeyed, and the difference betwee. the parties was amicably settled on Saturday. The terms of the arrangement arrived at are that Mr Gale a shall pay Mr Cooper £10 each for permission to make four consecutive ascents in tlhe balloon, after which it .is to become his (Gale's) property. A bond was to be given to Cooper as security for the payment of the , £40, and in the event of this conditiqn being complied with to the. satisfaction of Cooper, the balloon will make the tirst of the four ascents at Ballarat on Monday next. Some time since we announced' that a coal seam was on fire in the neigh. bourhood of Cape Patterson. We (Argus) are now informed, on what appears to be good authority, that the scene of 'the fire is between the Bass River and Cape Patterson, and that the existence of the seam at that point was not known until four or five months ago, when the deanso lating bush-fires then prevalent ignited it. It is now supposed to he a continuation of i the one discovered by Mr Carew, and more 6 than 2ft. thick. Those who are still interested in these coal-fields maintain that the ignition I of this coal seam is only another proof that when the Government Geological department a alleged that they knew every seam between the Bass and the Tarwin they were somewhat a mistaken, and that these mistakes may 1 further go the length of a totally wrong idea of the coal formations in that neighbour hood. t A new kind of meat-preserving, says a 8 Melbourne contemporary, has just been in- 3 troduced on a substantial scale to the Mel. I bourue market. Some time since the Lake F Bogs Game and Fish Preservinog Company E was formed, and commenced operations at Swan Hill. They failed, but the project a is being succeassfully carried on by a Mr S Anderson, who is now supplying his agents h in Melbourne, Messrs Broadbent and Kitch- fi ingham, with 21b.tins of teal, widgeon, pigeon, goose, turkey, wild duck, and a . variety of native game; also Murray cod o and bream. The tins are thoroughly well n put up, and the game when opened is in c every respect equal to the same quality of t game sent from England by the provision a mershants. The colonial tins have this ei great advantage, they are filled with the , prime parts of the birds-in England a bird r goes to a tin-and are ibout half the price. s, While on this subject, it may be stated that the tinning of rabbits, now so plentiful i and fat, is being carried out on a large 1 scale by the Melbourno Meat Preserving Company. It is also, we learn, being I considered whether that company will not offer a challenge to compare their goods with the best turned out of the Admiralty 4 factory at Deptford or elsewhere, for £50 or £100. "They hold that when their meat was jadged by the London Society of Arts, and thought slightly inferior to the navy meat, the Deptford contractor had had the oppor * tunity of preparing himself for the'compe tition by purchasing meat of extra fineness, and such like means, whereas their tins were taken from stock at random, and sent to the Chief Secretary's office without their destination being known. The opinion of the authorities of H.M.R. Galatea was decidedly in favour of the Melbourne Com. pany's meat in preference to that supplied from the Deptford yards, and there is this important distinction between the two, viz., that the Melbourne meat can be supplied at a maximum of 6d per pound, while accord. ing to the statement of Mr Alderman Lush, M.P, returns furnished to the House of Commons showed that the Admiralty pre served meat coat 11d per lb, and the saving of every penny per pound saved the country £15,000 per annum. The police have made a raid upon Sunday traders and harbourers of bad characters amongst the publicans of Melbourne, more than a dozen of whom were summoned to the District Court on Friday. William Gard ner, of Gardner's Hotel, at the corner of Bourke and Swanston streets, was fined 40s, with 15s costs, for, permitting liquor to be drunk on Sunday on his premises, an objec tion that there was no proof that the drinkers were not lodgers being overruled, on the ground that they were drinking in the public bar. Wm. H. Smith, of the White Horse Hotel, Bourke-street, was fined 50s, with 15s costs, for a similar offence. Chas. Downie was summoned for selling liquor on Sunday, and also for allowing pros. titutes to assemble on his premises, the Aus tralia Felix Hotel, at the corner of Bourke and Russell streets. A number of these women, and also a number of men, were found on the premises after midnight on Saturday. For the offence of selling drink on Sunday, Downie was fined £5 with 21s costs, while he was let off with a caution on the other charge- John M'Caig, of the Shakespeare Hotel, Stephen-street, was fined 40., with 15s costs, for selling liquor on Sunday. Frederick Miller, of the Morning Star Hotel, Little Bourke-street, was sume moned for allowing thieves and prostitutes to be on his premises; but thers was an error as to date-in thee ummons, and as the defendant did not agree to have it amended by the Bench, the case was dismissed. . John Amery, of the Australian Hotel, Little Bourke- street. was fined £3, with a guinea costs, for allowing liquor to be drunk on his promises on Sunday; but two other charges, of permitting thieves and prostitutes to assemble on his premises, were dismissed. Michael Hackett; of the Governor Bourke Hotel, Little Lonadale-street, was fined 20s, with 15is costs, for selling liquor on Sunday. Thomas Amies, of the'New Exhibition Hotel, Russell-street, was fined 30s, with I5s coasts, for a like offence. Thomas Chanter, of the All Nations Hotel, King-street, Stephen Wallis, of the Royl Highblander Hotel, Flinders.street, J. W. Kelly, of the Rose of Australia, Russell-street, and P. S. Brennan, rof the New York Hotel, Bourke- street, 2were each fined 20s, with 15s costs, for Sselling liquor on Sunday. Francis Zeplin, Slessee of the Varieties or Theatre Comique, S]3ourko-street, was also summoned for Sun. Sday trading, but as it appeared that he was not the licensee of thebars for the sale of r drink, the charge was withdrawn. Mr 7. ? Stephen conducted the cases for the prose 's uton, and Mr GillotI, solicitor, and Mr V Pridham, barrister, appeared for the defence V in some of the cases. It is to be hoped that I the police will not consider that in taking a these proceedings they have done all that ls o nocessary; as there are many other publicans p who are equally offenders, some of them Skeeping mnore pretentious houses than those kept by the persons fined, and the latter need to be looked after more sharply than ever, as they act upon the principle that the police will refrain front taking notice of their doings for some time after they have a secured a conviction against thent-Argus.m The truth of the old saying that a man who is his own lawyer has a fool for his client, was fully proved at the City Court on Friday, when an eccentric individual, named Joseph Brag Slack, conducted a charge of perjury against Wm. Henden Winder and Edward Gilham, but which ended, after three hours of an absurd exhibition, in the two defendants being dis charged, and the prosecutor being sent to gaol for twenty-four hours for contempt of court. Slack, who is evidently a candidate for admission to the Yarra Bend Asylum, is fond of litigation, and having a fancied right to some property which he believes he has been defrauded of, is continually charging somebody with something, but as he always conducts his own cases he invariably loses them. In the present instance he alleged that William Henden Winder had made an affidavit to the effect that he had obtained a. rule to administer to the estate of David Winder, deceased, whereas no such rule had ever been obtained. Slack had sub- poenaed the Prothonotary to produce as many papers as would have furnished a lawyer's office, and himself brought to court as many, which he was continually bringing forth from different portions of his garments, in a manner that would have done credit to Robert Heder. Affidavits, caveats, writs of fi fa, ca re, and all the rest of the legal jargon, flowed as readily from his tongue as if he had been to the manner born; but such was the confusion of his ideas that after about two hours' work, when he an nounced the case for the prosecution to be closed, the magistrates and clerks were almost as far from any correct comprehen sion of the case as at its opening. As far as it was possible to glean the true facts, they were as follows:- In 1862 David Winder, who was possessed of certain free- hold property, was drowned in the Saltwater River, and his father, John Winder, suc ceeded to it as heir-at-law, when he died. Wm. Henden Winder, the next of kin (and the present defendant) obtained a rule of the Supreme Court to administer to the estate, and in the course of subsequent legal proceedings made an affidavit to that effect, but by same mishap the name of David was substituted for John, but a cor rection was afterwards made by means of a fresh affidavit. Slack, who was a brother- in-law of the Winders, thought he had a good case against them, and accordingly in- stituted the prosecution for perjury. Mr G. P. Smith, who conducted the case for the defendant, at once pointed out the real facts, and the case was then dismissed. The next case was a similar prosecution against the; same defendant and Edward Gilham, but Mr G. P. Smith while stating that the case was substantially the same as the one already dismissed, was offensively interrup ted by Slack saying, "Do you call yourself a statesman? No wonder Supple gave it to you the other day." Mr Smith claimed the protection of the court from one who had persistently conducted himself in an im- proper manner, and behaved like a raving lunatic. The forbearance of the magistrates was quite worn out by this time, and Mr Slack was committed to gaol for twenty-four hours for contempt of court, while the de fendants were discharged. -Age. Writing on education, the hiurch of' .England Messenger says :-" In the matter of schools the State must look only to national objects, and yet, in seeking to combine the energies of the whole colony in the work of education, it cannot leave out. any of its citizens. If, therefore, the eacle-. slastical schools of any denomination pos sessed all the efficiency which the State requires, and were open to all comers for secular instruction on equal terms, then such. schools could not be justly deprived of aid in the way of maintenance, although, as. being under ecclesiastical trusts, they could not fairly claim assistance in the erection of buildings, which would be vested as church property. In taking such a course the State would have respect to no- particular church, and would be acting simply on national grounds, as in England under Mr Forster's bill. Thus all might be included in. one comprehensive scheme, and we should. have a national bond of union in a oommon Bible for all who appreciate. its infinite value, while those who prefer schools from. which the Bible would be excluded would have the same, but no greater, privileges;; and in the case of ecclesiastical schools the. State, without responsibility, would give credit for the actual education given. Two. points remnain-the co.operation of munici palities and the co- operation of churches- the latter being of special interest to our church; and the problem lies before us to ascertain how, through the organisation of" our church, apart from the State, we can take effectual steps to promote the training and employment of godly teachers, and thus prepare the instruments that are to. fashion the minds of our youths. But this will require maturer thought in another article. The question for us now is, whether we shall stand fast by the Word of Truth, onthe grand principle on which the Catholic church must stand or fall-' The Sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God'-or whether we shall sell our birthright for a. mess of pottage." LEAr FROM A BusiRaIsoxR's JOURNAL.. The following, said to he a leaf from Power'se: diary- amongst his other acts of petty vanity this ruffian has actually kept a diary during the whole of his career in prison and out of prison-has been handed to the. Ovens and Murray Advertiser by a person, who refused to account for the way that it came into his possession. We have our doubts as to its genuineness, feeling con. rinced that the officials of the gaol are muolh too vigilant to allow of letters passing out side the walls. Still there is no accounting for the manner in which prisoners manage to pass "stiffs," as letters are known in the language of slang, to each other,. and it is just possible that the document may be wha. it purports to be. 'At all events we give our readers the benefit of the production, leaving them to draw their own conclusions. -"It stoo bad, altogether too bad. The way I have been treated is enough to. make a man turn area sneak. Not content with trying to. make me onu a' pitiful pilferer instead of the bold dashing highwayman 1 actually was, some of these Beechworth rage that call themselves newspapers are • .actually endeavouring to. decry my personal' appearance. One petty scribbler-I wish I had jot the fellow when out in the bush, not that he oi an~ of' his kidney would be. wortl sticking up-has the audacity to write of me as a low blackguardly.looking fellow,. with large fishy eyes, and pea-soupy com plexionoc Now, if there is one matter I aun touchy upon it is my personal appearance, and I am willing to bet the £15 now in the hands of the Governor, and leave the dle. cision to the ladies of Beechworth, that i am a batter looking man than the whole lhb. of the repoters that were preseet in court on Monday, with one single oxcepti;o. To. one and only one will I give the palm- art Selderly gentleman of rubicund countenance, whose bow to an acquaintance in court I have been vainly endeavouring to copy. Can I but succeed-and I have not given it up in despair-it is my intention to try the effect of this courtly salute on the utlge rat ' the genoral sessions, and I feel quite asured that its grace will save me seven pennorthi. l Pea-soap, indeed, a more ordinary set of humbugs than theim newspaper men of Beech. worth I never clapt eyes on, with the ex r ception of my elderly and amiable friend, Swhom my heart wvarms to as a brother." : I am for frank explanations with friendls in cases of affronts. They sometimes save a perishing friendebip, and even place it on a Sfirmer basis than at first; but secret discon tent must always end badly.-Sydney Smith. Rividry in trade is shown in the case of a two sausage dealers in Paris with shops f adjoining, one of whom has painted on his a glass window, over a pyramid of sausages, "At thirty centimes a pound-to pay more Sis to be robbed ;" while the other puts his a ausages into an obelisk, and paints above it, t, " At forty centimss a pound-to pay loss is Sto be poisogesti" 