VICTORIAN AGRICULTURAL REPORTS. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 29. ffhm tike Atutralasian, Jan. 1J No ohange in prioe eau be said to have | occurred during the week. The holiday? have interfered much with business; but during even these people must be supplied with bread, and as the bakers have been keeping very little Sour on hand there has been no slackening of the de- mand ; on the contrary, this has rather increased, so that quotations have been more readily ob- tained. Bj the last mail news was received that, shipments from California were to be re- sumed, in fulfilment of orders from this side, but to what extent does not appear to have been known. Two or three cargoes will have little effect, bat if shipments from there on specula- tion once commence our markets may be fairly swamped. Europe did not afford a good outlet, as prices were falling there, and even a very small portion of the surplus remaining on hand two months ago would be far too muoh for us just after harvest time. Otherwise we might consider the late unfavourable weather as quite sufficient to prevent any further decline. Wheat is in better request again this week, SB it must be when there is any increased demand for flour, the millers being so short of stocks. Oats com- mand the old prices, and are moving off freely, but malle is not firm. The supply of hay in was rather large to-day, but more tuan one day's full market will be needed to alter the priées, whioh still remain the same as they were last week. From some districts we bave accounts of grain having been prematurely dried op and shrivelled by the hot winds, while in others the farmers say that little mischief bas been done by these. We fear however, that when the threshing- machines are set to work they will tell a different tale, and that on many farms the yield will prove to be much below what was calculated on. In the Ovens and Murray district, the wheat harvest is over, and it is said that the millers have decided on 4s. a bushel as the opening price for new grain. In the several diatriots around Ballarat the crops are reported as being maoh superior to what they were last year, and from 80 to 50 bushels of oats to the acre are talked of, with from 20 to 40 of wheat. The hay crops are, however, estimated at very moderate rates, namely, between one and two tons per acre. On all except the poorest lands near Melbourne these have been exceeded. Whatever the average yield may bave been, bay is most abundant all over tbe Country, and is to be bad for £2 or £3 a ton where a very few weeks sinoe it was com- manding from £8 to £10. Potatoes do not promise so well generally as might bave been ex- pected from the amount of rain that fell in spring. Indeed, the soil is said to be almost everywhere drying np unusually fast, to the serious injury of the green and root crops. The grass, too, is fast losing its freshness, and where this is abun- dant bush-fires will soon prevail. {From ne Melbourne leader. Dee. 81.) The course of business in the prdduce mar- kets baa been interrupted by the Christmas holidays, as a conseqnenoe very few transactions have taken plaoe of any importance. A some- what better demand is experienced for flour in dealers' paroels, the stooks in the bands of the bakers having become nearly exhausted, con- sequently they are forced to again enter the market ; £1110s to £12 ii' obtained for first Viotorian brands. A twenty ton paroel found a buyer in the auotion room to-day at £11 10s. An improved inquiry is experienced for wheat. Considerable sales of Adelaide samples have been made within the past day or so at 5s 4d. In Viotorian very little has been done. Oats have met with a fair sale for trade purposes at 3s 8¿d to 3B lOd, according to quality. In maize a slightly improved feeling is peroeptible, and holders generally anticipate an advance on the rates recently obtainable ; Ss. 4Jd. is about the value for paroels. 8ales of bran are men- tioned at Is 2d, and of fine pollard at Is 6d. 