SUPPOSED SHIP ON FIRE AT SEA. .. TER QUEVn.LE's TELEORAl-It COHI-.UfV reutek's agents. " ' Messrs. Grevillo and Company have re- coivcd this morning from their correspondent at Vnrrnambool the following further par- ticulara as to the supposed burniue sliin re- ported to have been seen off Capo Otway on Monday night last. The captain of the brig Tower Hill says that he only saw a reflection on the sky of a fire. Thought at first it was a bush-fire on King's Island, but calculating his then posi tion ho saw that that was impossible, and tliat it must . bavo been a ship. The captain of the schooner Ann says that ho distinctly saw, on Monday oveuing, at 8\. o'clock, a blaze like that of a burning ship. Ho was then close in by Moonlight Headj and the burning ship was distant apparently fourteen miles south by east. Both captains agree about position and tho time of tho fire- Tlioy state that tho wind did not favor their approaching tho burning ship, but they arc both very sorry they did not attompt it, or hang on till the morning. On their arrival at "Warrnnmbool on Tuesday at noon they, reported the occurrence to Mr.- Musgrove,j the harbor master, who immediately telegraphed it to the Cus toms department, I Melbourne, preanming that they would at once send out a steamer. The Pharos loft Melbourne for 'Wamiambool on a surveying cruise, on Tuesday evening, but at this hour has not arrived here. If any further particulars transpire will imme diately telegraph. A large ship wa3 seen off tho coast, bound east, tacking about, ouSuu- day, by tho captain of the Tower Hill, a little west of the Otway. Tho signal master at Cape Otway reports to tho Government that on Monday night ho saw a glare of fire about 7.30 p.m., which looked like a fire on King's Island." It did not appear to travel, and gradually died out. The wind at the time was very light. The bearing of the light was S. 25deg. E. The captain of tho Orwoli reports that ho passed King's Island at tho time above men tioned, and saw a fire on shore. 