ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. All communications to this Journal must be authen ticated by the namt and address of the writer. -No notice will be taken of anonymous communications, and no rejected communication will be returned. THE LATE FIRE. (Tothe'Editorofthe W. W. Advertiser.) SIR,-During the early houre of Sunday morning last the alarming cry of "fire" rang upon the ears of the startled inhabitants of the central part of the town, and in an incredibly short space of time a valuable and extensive property was a heap of smoulder ing ashes. Had this calamity befallen by an act of Providence altogether beyond human control, or from any of the numerous accidental circumstances to which all premises are liable, it would have been a heavy visitation, and one demanding the exercise of the highest order of human patience and hope, to enable the unfortunate sufferer to view with ordinary resignation and calmness the destruction of his property and future prospects. With the conviction, however, that the calamity was one which man's fore sight could not have averted, or that the circumstances leading to the catastrophe were so purely and entirely accidental as not to involve the slightest self-reproach, would necessarily follow a certain amount of quiet submission to the consequences of the visita tion. The terrible destruction to which I am so deeply and sincerely pained to allude, was not caused by the inter vention of Providence, nor can it be ascribed to any of those unfortunate com binations of circumstances properly termed accidents. It was in effect the result of the most reprehensible carelessness on the part of a half-drunken man, who, having gone to rest in a loft nearly filled with hay, lighted his pipe with a vesta, and deliberately cast the blazing match into the inflammable material by which he was surrounded. If this was a solitary instance of ruinous results arising from the negligence and even recklessness of persons using tobacco, it .would deserve reprehension ; but as it is only another added to the hundreds of des tructive casualties which have already occurred from the same cause, it becomes a duty to draw public attention to the circumstance, and urge upon the Legislature the absolute necessity of passing an Act pro hibiting smoking in situations and under circumstances in which the destruction of property, &c.;, is rendered imminent. It was anticipated when that very admirable Act against the " Careless Use of Fire " was in contemplation, that clauses against smoking in dangerous positions would have been introduced; but . the Act was made to operate solely for the prevention of bush or stubble firing. Towards this end it has worked admirably ; but it was an oversight not to carry its provisions further, and punish offences of smoking in barns, stables, hay-sheds, or harvest-fields, in the vicinity of stacks, &c.; It is but recently that a farmer named Davis, of North Wagga, had all his crop destroyed by a man carelessly placing his pipe on some bags which were lying ready to receive the wheat as it was threshed by a machine. An unfortunate man named Head also lost all his produce in consequence of a labourer smoking on a load of hay whicli had just been brought to the stack. A farmer named Baker had his bagged wheat take fire through the careless ness of a man who left his pipe lying on top of one of the sacks on going to dinner. Mr. Peter McAlister's stable was set fire to and destroyed (with its contents) through a man going into the loft with a lighted pipe ; and now we have one of the most valuable properties in the town reduced to ashes from the effects of similar carelessness. Our labourers, generally, are -animated fire-boxes from their inveterate habit of smoking, and upon observation it will be seen that one half of them have their coat or vest-pockets burnt out through putting their pipes alight into their clothing. Wherever one turn3 the everlasting pipe offends the eye and the nostril, or creates a feeling of alarm from the position of the smoker. Men of all classes enter stables with pipes or cigars alight, and labourers may be seen in any of the inn-yards unloading hay and packing it in stable-lofts with their pipes ablaze. That accidents happen is not wonderful; the wonder is that they are not more frequent. I do not hesitate to affirm, that three fourths of all our destructive bush-fires are caused by carelessly throwing down lighted lucifers on bush-tracks or grassed country, a habit too well-known to be denied or defended. It was an absurdity to introduce a bill to punish the traveller who does not wholly extinguish a fire he makes for the very necessary purpose of cooking his food, and yet exempt from all or any penalty those who in the indulgence of an idle habit cast flames and desolation in their tracks. It is to be hoped some country member of the Legislature will take this matter up, and amend the Act against the " Careless Use of Fire " by introducing a few clauses for the severe punishment of those who will indulge their tastes at the risk of other men's material interests. ? Yours truly, NON-SMOKER. 