GOULBURN ASSIZES. This court opened on Monday before his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave. The Attorney-General (Sir W. M. Manning) prosecuted for the crown, assisted by Mr Jackson, from the crown law offices. The other legal gentlemen present were Mr. Davis, barrister, and Messrs' Walsh, Betts, Gannon, and Emanuel solicitors. Mr Conolly represented the sheriff, and Mr. Ralph Hargrave performed the duties of clerk of arraigns. The Queen's proclamation against vice and immo rality was read by the clerk of arraigns. CRIMINAL ASSAULT AT BRAIDWOOD. Thomas Rayner was charged with having on the 8th June, at Braidwood, criminally assaulted Anne Wetherall, a child four years of age. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was undefended. The Attorney-General stated the case to the jury, and called Martha Wetherall, who deposed: I am the wife of William Wetherall; our private house is on the opposite side of the street to which the shop is; I went out into the yard and left the child on a chair; when I came back I missed the child and heard a scuffle in another room; I heard a man say " you are mistaken;" my child was lying on the bed; I said to the man "who are you " and he said I had been drunk all day; I then rushed past and took up the child into the next room; Mr. Lackey came in and kept the man until my husband arrived and took the prisoner to the lockup; I left the child as she was so that the doctor could see her; the child was almost insensible. To the prisoner: Senior-sergeant Duffy came once to see me before the 'doctor saw the child; you were sitting on the bed the first time I saw you; I have said all I know about the case. John P. Lackey deposed: I live close to Mr We therall's, in Braidwood; on the 8th June I went to Mrs Wetherall's and found a man in the kitchen; he said " never mind, I did not hurt the child;" I told him be had no business there; I kept prisoner in charge until the child's father came and took him to the lockup. To the prisoner: James Donarin came to try and got us to let you go. William Wetherall deposed : On the 8th June my wife called me over to my private house, and I found the prisoner and Mr. Lackey there ; I asked the pri- soner what he was doing there, and he made no reply; I sent for Dr. Gentle; he could not come that evening, but he came in the morning; I had never seen the prisoner before the offence was com mitted. Dr. Peter Hume Gentle deposed: I remember being called in to see Mr. Wetherall's child; I found that violence had been used. This closed the case for the crown. Prisoner addressed the jury, stating that he had been drinking, and was standing against the door of prosecutor's house when the door gave way and he fell into the house. He said that he had never laid a hand on the child. His Honor then summed up the evidence, the jury retired, and after an absence of ten minutes returned into court with a verdict of guilty. His Honor then sentenced the prisoner to three years' hard labour on the roads or other public works of the colony. ARSON AT BURROLIN. Michael Seerey (on bail) was charged with having, on the 9th July, 1870, at Burrolin, wilfully and maliciously set fire to a stack of hay the property of Samuel Cox. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Davis; attorney, Mr. Gannon. Eleven jurors were challenged by the prisoner and three by the crown. The attorney-general stated the case to the jury, and called Samuel Cox, who deposed: I am a wheelwright and a farmer; I resided at Burrolin; there was a house, a blacksmith's shop, and a barn; the house is between the blacksmith's shop and the barn; I had a stack of hay; the stack was about five hundred yards from the barn; I valued the hay at £50; the alarm of fire was given by my son Joseph, and I went to the stack and found it on fire; the stack had been set fire to in three places; the stack was fenced in; there were no bush- fires about, and green oats wore growing around the stack; I know the prisoner, who lived about a mile and a quarter from me; I occupy six hundred acres belonging to Mr. Bray of Appin; I never had any quarrel with the prisoner; prisoner had a grey cloak and cabbage-tree hat with a black velvet band on; I have seen the cloak produced; it is the same I saw on the prisoner a fortnight before; I have no doubt on my mind as to the hat being Seerey's; I have often seen him with a similar hat and cloak on ; I saw prisoner the morning after the fire on a dark bay horse at my back-door; prisoner said, in the presence of Gallagher, that it was nearly time I was moved off; he said a little more would cook me; after some conversation about harness I had lost, prisoner went away, saying he would cook me; some time after the police came, when we found a bag with some iron in it; the iron was a bullock chain, a shoeing-hammer, and some links; I re cognised the things as my property; those things were in my blacksmith's shop on the Monday pre vious to the fire; I don't recollect seeing the bag be fore; I saw the hat picked up about fifty yards from the barn; we tracked three horses as soon as it was daylight; three tracks led towards the stack; I saw by the tracks that three horses had stood by the slip rails; one of the tracks was more narrow than the others; where the bag was found there were marks as if a horse had fallen on his knees; I observed the track of the horse Seerey rode when he came in the morning to my house, and they corresponded with one of the three tracks we had been following; I told the police prisoner had been at my house that morn ing; I showed the police the tracks, and then left them to follow them up; I was not present when the prisoner was arrested. To Mr. Davis: The hay had been stacked about two months; the tracks of the horses were about fifty yards from the stack; I measured only one of the hoof-prints; I was at the stack about half- an hour after I heard it was burning; I cannot swear that the hat produced is the one I saw the prisoner wear some time previous; I never saw a cloak like the one produced before; it has white tape strings on it. William Gallagher deposed : My father is the tenant of Burrolin farm; I recollect being in the barn the night the stack was burnt; Joseph Cox, my sister, and myself were in the barn; we had two single-barrelled guns; I hoard some horses ap- proach, and I went to see; there were three horses and three men ; they dismounted and left the horses at the slip-rails; one of the men came up and tried to open the door; I then covered him with the gun; my sister called out to me not to fire; I then called upon the man to stand, but he ran away, and I fired at him; the three men then mounted and galloped towards the haystack; I saw smoke coming from the stack, and Joseph Cox went to tell his father; the men appeared to have cloaks on; I could tell the colour of the horses; one was a dark bay, one a Gray, and one a dark chestnut; I heard the men shouting as they went towards the stack; I was a stranger in these parts and did not know the pri soner; the reason we had guns in the barn was be cause oats had been stolen from the barn the pre vious night; there was some conversation between the prisoner and Cox the morning after the fire, and high words passed between them about a case in the district court and also about some harness; I was there when the bag was found; I observed tracks close to the haystack; one track in particular was remarkable, being very narrow; when Seercy came in the morning I noticed the horse he rode; it was a bay horse, and its tracks resembled those near the stack; I don't think any of the horses were shod; I saw Cox pick up the hat some few yards from where the horses were tied up; I cannot swear to the cloak produced; I saw the prisoner the same evening about sunset, when he asked me about some cattle; he was not riding the same horse when he came the following morning. To Mr. Davis: It was about ten o'clock when the men came to the barn; they pulled up about thirty yards from the barn; we tracked this peculiar track up to within fifteen yards of the stack; I did not see Mr. Cox measure this remarkable track; from the tracks I could see that the horses were galloping. Joseph Cox deposed; I know the prisoner, who lives about a mile from our place ; I was at Burrolin on the Friday night; I went with Gallagher to watch in the barn; after we had been there some time I heard a noise as of some one urging on a horse; shortly after we heard some one getting off a horse; we then saw three men and three horses at the slip rails; I saw the men fasten the horses up, and one of the man advanced towards the barn; I guarded one side of the barn and Gallaghor the other; one of the men went to the side where Gallaghor was, and the other two were at the end; the man that was in ad vance tried the lock; when Gallagher called out to the man to stand he ran away; Gallagher then fired at the man; I attempted to fire, but I'm sorry to say my gun would not go off; three or four minutes after the men rode away I saw the smoke from the stack ; Miss Gallagher got ill, and her brother attended to her; I then got some more powder and shot, and went over to the stack; when I left the barn I saw the stack on fire in three places; I had been living in that neighbourhood for some time, and knew some of the horses about there; I saw the horses and dis- tinguished their colors; I know the prisoner from his general appearance; I believe I know another of the men, John Seerey; John Seerey was the man in advance; the stack was not all burnt when my father came from his son-in-law's; I recognised some of the iron found in the bag; I went to the house on the Sunday morning about nine o'clock and saw the tracks at the slip-rails; I tracked one of the horses to within about forty yards of the stack; on that morning I heard Seerey say he would cook my father before he had done with him, and that it would not take much more to do it; I do not know that there had been any quarrel between my father and Seerey; the tracks were quite fresh when I saw them; I did not find any of the oats that were taken away on the Friday night. To Mr Davis: It was about half-past nine when I heard the man urging on a horse; this is the first time I ever said anything about john Seerey being one of the men; I never said anything about it to the police or the magistrates; I am quite sure that John Seerey and the prisoner were two of the men I am sorry my gun missed, as it would have saved a deal of trouble; I took aim at the three as they were mounting their horses. To the Attorney-General: I saw John Seerey out side the court, but did not know who he was until I inquired of some one; I could not tell the police about John Seerey as I never saw him until last night ; the cloak produced is the prisoner's; I believe the hat to be his but do not swear to it, To Mr. Davis: I swear I saw a bay horse on Sat turday night; I did not swear to the horse I saw at the police court; there was only one horse brought to the police-court. George Compton deposed: I am a labourer living at Burrolin; I was called up on the Saturday night when the stack was on fire; it was burning in three different places, and must have been set fire to in three places; I was with Mr. Cox when the iron was found; I found the hat on the ground about three yards from where the horses were tied; the hat was given up to the police; the hat produced is the same; I was minding the sheep when the prisoner came and asked me about two poley heifers; prisoner told me he had been down at Cox's, and he thought he would have jumped down his throat. constable Chalker deposed : I went to arrest Michael Seerey on the 10th of July; I had a black tracker and Constable Wiles with me; I went to the stack and saw that it was on fire then; I saw some boot tracks about the slip-rails; there were tracks of three horses as if they had gone abreast; I followed the tracks for some distance to a tree where they ap peared to have stopped; I tracked the three horses for about half a mile and then lost them; Seerey's was the nearest place to Cox's in the direction taken by the horses I tracked; the horses were unshod, and one of the tracks was much smaller than the rest; I received some information on which I apprehended Seerey; he was not at home when I went to his place, and I waited till he came home; I did not show him the hat when I arrested him ; I saw a small bay horse feeding about the prisoner's place when I arrested him; I also arrested Patrick Seerey; when I told the prisoner the charge, he said he knew nothing about it; I have seen the prisoner wearing the cape produced. To Mr Davis: There were a great many tracks about the stack, but none so fresh as those we fol lowed; I did not notice anything very particular about the narrow track. This was the case for the crown. Mr. Davis addressed the jury in defence of the prisoner at considerable length, setting forth the doubts that surrounded the case, and the improba bility of the witnesses being able to identify the prisoners at the distance they were from the barn. He trusted they would carefully weigh all the facts of the case, and if they had a doubt give the pri soner the benefit of that doubt. The Attorney-General replied, combating the ar- guments adduced by the prisoner's counsel. His Honor summed up the evidence, commenting upon the leading points in the evidence, and laying down the law applicable to the case. The jury retired at seven minutes past five, and re turned into court at nine o'clock, with a verdict of not guilty. The prisoner was than discharged from custody. The court adjourned till ten o'clock next morning 