COMAIIR C Ab.h BRAIDWOOD, Friday. MnR. . Oraig reports:--Fat cattle.-I disposed of Mr. Hardy's draft on Thursday last at £5, average 600 lbs.; also Mrs. Me Grath's store cows at 70s. and 678\. Od. The demand for small lots of settler's cattle continues. Fat sheeoop.-y sales during thbo past week have been 200 shorn wothors, prime, at 8s. Gd., averago.56 lbs. Store sheep.-I have oenquiries for wethers for fattening purposes, and largo-framed owes. I could dispose of about 3000. Horses.-I have advice of two lots of draught colts and broken in horses, to arrive in about ten oays.-Dispatcb. SYDNEY, Friday. Messrs. Irwin and Co. report: - Wool:- The usual attendance of buyers met at the sales of this week, but the transactions throughout were unim portant. Soulm well-known brands changed hands at prices showing a slight decline on last year's rates Odd lots, in the grease, seemed to attract the most attention, of which scourers yore the principal pur chasers. Any quotations given at the present time would be only nominal, inasmuch as the market has not yet been tested. Shopepsins are moving off freely at last week's rates. We sold some 8000 at from 3t to Gd. per lb., according to length of staple. Tallow.-Tho market has assumed a firmer tone since the arrival of the mail telegrams. Quotations may be given thus :-Mutton, 34s. Gd. to 30s.; beef, 33s. to 34s. Gd.; station, 28s. to 33s. Hides are in good request; tanners buying freely at advanced rates, which rule thus :-Oured and heavy, 18s. to 24s..; small and light, 12s. to 17s.; inferior Os. to lie. Leather.-The trade were in full attendance at this day's sale. Considerable lots changed bands at prices in favour of the vendor. Quotations may be given thus:-Calf 2s. Gd. to 3s. 3d., kip le. 2d. to Is. 8d., harness 10d. to Is. 2d., sole 8d. to 9 d. WAGGA WAGGA, Friday. The weather since our last report has been change able and unsettled. In the early part of the weke showers were of frequent occurrence, and the tom porature at times was so low that fires had very generally been resorted to. During the last few days it has been rather milder, but for this period of the year is still most unusually cool. Shearing has boon progressing very rapidly, and on all but a few stations will now soon be, brought to a close. The grass as a rule is very long indeed, and with a few dry sunny days will become dangerously inflammable. On most of the runs in the district an immense quantity of fencing-very much of it brush-lias boon ereated within the last three years, and squatters therefore are very naturally becoming extremely anxious on the score of bush-fires. Notices warning travellers and others of the risk of leaving camp-fires burning, and of the penalties to which they will sub ijeet themselves by so doing are being plentifully distributed, by way of precaution; and on come stations arrangements have been made for posting look-out men on the hills to gio early intimation of the outbreak of fires. It is to be'hoped that during the coming season of unusual risk special precautions will on all sides be taken to prevent and cheeck the outbreak of bush-fires, for should they once get a good hold upon the long grass the consequences could not fail to be disastrous in the extreme. From the north and west we hear that the continued wet. ness of the weather prevents the movement of stock, but that as soon as the ground dries largo numbers of cattle and sheep will be despatched for the southe;n markoets. In the local market fat bullocks are worth from £5 10s. to £6 10s., but the demand is not quite. so brisk as of late. Fat sheep are very dull, the de mand being confined to local requirements. Store cattle are still much inquired for.' In store sheep, no business has been done. The following'are the stock movements:-350 stores, in fine condition, nearly till bullocks (Peory and Honneosys) crossed on Tuesday for Victoria; 70 (Posey's) 'from Humbug Croel, mixed stores, crossed on Thursday'for Bullen bong; 400 fat cattle, very good, (Strickland and Co's) from the Lachlan passed for Meolbourne, HMessrs. Powers, Rutherford and Co. agents--Express , 