LATEST INTELLIGENCE. TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES SUPPOSED SHIP ON FIRE WARRNAMBOOL, 23rd February. PER GREVILLE'S TELEGRAM COMPANY (REUTER'S AGENTS). 11 a.m.—In reference to the report communicated by the captains of the brig Tower Hill and the schooner Ann, relative to the supposed burning of a ship off Cape Otway, the following additional partieu- lars have been obtained:— The captain of the Tower Hill says that he saw the reflection on the sky as of fire and «, at first that it was a bush-fire at King’s' Island 011 !” upon calculating the position of the glare he saw tb this must have been impossible, and that’it could i proceed from a ship. The captain of the Ann that at eight o’clock on Monday night he disti ctf saw a blaze like a burning ship. He was ,* in to Moonlight Head. The light was distant , parently fourteen miles S. by E. Both captains as to the position and time of the fire. The wind n not favor an approach to ascertain the cause of X. blaze, but both captains now regret that they did a! attempt it or hang on till morning. On their atri here, yesterday at noon, they at once reported tt! circumstance to Mr Musgrove, the harbor-master wk telegraphed the facts to the Customs Department Melbourne, presuming a steamer would be despatch*! in search. 3 The Pharos left Melbourne for Warmambool y« terday, but has not yet arrived. A large ship was seen off the coast on Sunday tacking about, bound eastward, and this vessel was seen by the captain of the Tower Hill a little to the westward of Cape Otway. The captain signalled to her that she was too close in shore, and the °ship then hauled off. The time and position render it probable that this is the ship supposed to be burning. 1 The Pharos is now steaming in, and will reachtk anchorage about two o’clock. Enquiries will be made on board in reference to the supposed burning ship. Lieut. Stanley, of the Pharos, says that he's® nothing of a burning vessel, and knew nothing of the report until his arrival here. ° The Herald gives the following additional telegraph particulars supplied by Messrs Greville and Co.:_ “The signal-master at Cape Otway reports to the Government that on Monday night hesawaglareoi fire about 7.30 p.m., which looked like a fire on Kirp'j Island. It did not appearto travel, and gradually died out. The wind at the time was very lwht The bearing of the light was S. 25 deg. E. The captain of the Orwell reports that he passed King’s Island at time above mentioned, and saw a fire on shore. Beechworth, 2-3rd February. A meeting was held here to-day for the formation oi a company to carry out the branch line of railway from Beechworth to Wangaratta. Provisional direc tors were appointed, and a form of prospectus was adopted. An immediate canvass was resolved upon for the disposal of shares in the undertaking. In anticipation of the Beechworth races, which take place to-morrow, the town is infested with ate number of very suspicious-looking characters. It is proposed to swear in a number of special constables for the protection of property. 