WRECK OF THE QTIEEN OF THE THAMES. From the Sydney Morning Herald of J one 5 and 6, we have full extracts from Cape of Good Hope papers, giving details of the wreck of the Queen of the Thames, and the subsequent proceedings. We arrange the extracts in approximate chronological order as follows :— The Cape Standard reportsThis magni ficent steamer, the pioneer of a new line owned by Messrs. Devitt and Moore, so well known in the Australian trader-is another case showing the danger of hugging the land too closely. A full-power steamer, well found in every respect, with nearly 350souls on board, adds another to the long list of disasters on this coast From all accounts, the south African coast was clearly seen on the loth March, 26 days ont from Melbourne. On the 17th, land was plainly visible, and during the day a heavy sea was running. When the passengers retired to their cabins, about 11 p.m., the land could be seen. All were in hopes, from the supposed position of the ship, of being safely anchored in Table Bay on Saturday afternoon. But about 1.15 on Saturday morning, the 18th, the ship struck to the eastward of Strays Bay. Never was daylight more anxiously looked for. What surprised the passengers most was the smooth ness of the water after the heavy sea running a few hours previously; it appeared as if the steamer, from the course she was steering when she struck, N. 14 W., had run out of the heavy sea, and got into a tranquil bay. When daylight broke the prospect was not a cheering one. The coast was as dreary as well could be imagined, but fortunately the sea remained smooth, and all the passengers were landed safely. But we regret to say Mr. Cook, the purser, who was highly re spected, was drowned, as were two sailors. When on shore the passengers had not got over their hardships. They landed on a desolate beach. Tbey had no provisions whatever, but through the energy and con sideration of Mr. Danvers, the representative of Messrs. Bany and Nephews, those passen gers who had families were at once conveyed to shelter, and ultimately all the passengers were forwarded to town. Before the magistrate of Bredasdorp a court of inquiry was held on March 27. The following are the statements of the captain and of the first and second officers Captain M'Donald, sworn, states,—I am the commander of the British steamship Queen of the Thames. She stranded on Saturday morning, the 18th March, close to Strays Point, about 15 miles to the eastward. The tonnage of the vessel is 2,617, or there abouts. I am a native of Scotland, in the county of Morayshire. I took my final de parture from Plymouth on or about the 20th November last, and I arrived at Melbourne in 55 days from that date safely, nothing farther occurring on my way than the disarrangement of my compasses during my voyage. I took every means to correct them by son and stars, but they were never 24 hours correct. One compass, I might say, might he bending south, and another west, and another probably north-east. No disaster happened on the voyage. I have beenon the eastern track all my life. I have been 28 years at sea. I entered as a boy some 17 years of age. Altogether 1 have been 12 years a commander, mostly to Calcutta and to Melbourne—not as master, but as mate. I took a cargo at Mel bourne, consisting of molasses, tallow, hides, copper-ore, wool, gold, sovereigns, specie, and other articles of merchandise. I cannot say tiie general value. I sailed from Melbourne on the 18th February last, at 1 p.m. I had a pros perous voyage up to the time of theaccident. I first saw land on the 17th March, at half-past F 3 p.m., making the land within a mile of my I calculation. I am acquainted with the coast, and considered myself acquainted with the ■ danger of the current, and made due allow ance for the same. According to the best of my judgment, it was about 35 miles when I i first sighted land. Immediately I made Cape 1, Becif, I took observations, which proved my -former calculations were correct. 1 was i: steering west by south. Such is the correct r; course for the coast. On that day I did not I approach nearer to the coast but gradually I drew off. About sunset I lost sight of. the 1 coast entirely. It was a moderately clear night, *" ywfl I could nave distinguished the coast had we beennear enough—I mean at sunset. When we next saw laud was noon on Friday. Could I have seen it distinctly I believe I should have known it; but there was a haze.over the land. It was owing to the formation of the coast that we came near land again, having kept the same coarse. On that day at noon I took observations by six different chrono meters, and the greatest difference between the six was one arid three-quarter miles, the of the six being only a quarter of a milft from standard chronometer. It u an unusual 6iing for a ship to have six chronometers. I believe they are a» on shore. From thence I shaped my course for Cape L'Agnlhae. hearing from 15 to 18 miles. She did not get further to the westward than the spot where we struck. About 9o'clock p.m. I sighted the land, and a light which 1 took to bethatofCape Jj'Agulhas. I kept on my course for about an hour or more, and then shaped a aonrse for the Cape of Good Hope, steering west and by north northerly, being fully persuaded that the light I saw was L'Agulhaa, being a fixed bright light, and considered that I had overran my distance. I did not simply rely on my own judgment, hut con suited all my officers as to the nature of the atht and even sent an officer aloft, Mr. array, the second officer, with the night . classes, who confirmed me in my opinion. AU I the officers saw the light. I nefieve I was » keeping my proper distance from the coast. ' 1 took soundings, and found no bottom at : the depth of about 60 fathotns. Four, hours 1 afterwards I took another cast with the • same remit. Then I did not see land.after time until the time of the accident, which oocurred about 1 a.m. or a quarter past 1a.m. on the morning of Sutumay, the ]£th yffLteh. Nothing unusual was observed. At the «n»«i Ifeltthe Bhip strike I was .tailing my usual round in the saloon to see that afi Sights were**. JFw©,rfghtobefowtone oftiie atate- nxmsB 4ra« found i° • htaao. At the time of the aec&dent; the cbief officer, Mr. Rowe, was in charge. Since l i^ bondon ^rstand fo£ordetsw5e that I rihoold be called every two hours. tod l heliero no^i^er tlme ; and took charge of the tiiip ootof Se-offioeris i command. Tbefimtj"*"" to foi other compartments comparatively nothing. The number of the ship's company was 110 all told. It was very dark when the ship struck. Breakers were observed about a cable's length ahead of the ship. Shortly after the ship struck the land was discovered, which loomed along way off. As soon as practicable evdry pre paration was made for landing passengers and crew. I sounded round the ship, and fonnd her fast as far as the mizen mast. I believe one of theofficershas the particulars of the soundings. In the hurry of the moment I cannot recollect what they were. I landed every soul safe with the exception of the purser, who was capsized in the afternoon in attempting to land in a boat put off from the shore. I may state that the purser had all the ship's papers and accounts with him, and I believe they weie all lost, including my certificate. I think the number of my certificate was 2.16L It was high water at the time of the accident. Owing to the great impetus of the ship it was some time before her way could be stayed, and she was by that time on the beach inside the reef. When she first struck the reef it was about a mile aud a half from the shore. I form this opinion from subsequent observa tion. Iconsidersheisaboutonemilefromhigb water mark now; the tide rises and falls inside, and at high water there is abont 16ft of water in the hold. I attribute the loss of my ship to the great disarrangement of my compasses, and the very strong and uncertain current. I also consider the strong bright fixed light observed by myself and officers was sufficient to deceive any shipmaster, more especially from myself having run my distance. The light was observed close to shore, and was then distant 10 or 12 miles. The vessel was built in 1870, under my own instructions, for Messrs. Devitt and Moore and others. I have an interest in the vessel,8 64, registered in name of John Napier, which is only partially insured. I estimate my share at about £10,000.1 am not certain, hut consider not more than half is covered by insurance. I believe the passengers, with the exception of three, are all, either in or on their way to Cape Town, and arrange' ments have been made to forward them to their port of destination. I believe the re maining owners of the ship are insured iu about the same ratio as myself, but cannot speak with any certainty. In addition to the interestin the ship, I had among the passengers my wife on boaTd. In conclusion, I attribute the loss of the ship to the three facts previ ously medtioned.—L The fixed bright light on the shore, which was mistaken by my self and officer? for the L'Agulhas light, thereby causing me to take and shape a course for Cape Point sooner than I should otherwise have done. 2. The current setting in an opposite direction, and stronger in shore than laid down in the directions, which I have subsequently ascertained to be six knots. 3\. To the total disarrangement of the com passes, notwithstanding the vessel having been swung at the last port at Melbourne, and, furnished with a card of deviation, which my daily observations proved to be unreliable, and totally at variance with the course made good. Thomas Frank Howe, duly sworn, states,— I am the chief officer on board the ship Queen of the Thames. I joined her at Mel bourne, and have been in her about two months. The vessel is now stranded at the place locally known as Klippestrand. Nothing particular occurred during the voyage. On Thursday, the 16th March, at about half-past 3 p.m., we sighted Cape Recif. I believe I took no part in navigating the ship. It is not usual for the chief officer to do so. I kept the log. 1 believe the book was lost with the capsizing of the boat, when I was landing. I am quite sure it was in the boat, and has not been found since. 1 may mention it was lost at the same time the purser was drowned. I can not swear it was Cape Recif we sighted first, but in the evening we again lost, sight of land, and did not sight land again until we struck. At about 8 o'clock on Friday night we ob served a bright fixed light which we supposed to be L'Agulhas. It was my watch below between the hours of 8 o'clock and 12 o'clock, when I again came on deck and took com mand of the ship. From the time of my re lieving watch, 12 o'clock, np to the time of the stranding. which was about 1 o'clock a.m. on Saturday, the 18th March, I did not observe land, as there was a haze along the shore and a dark cloud above. Just before the accident we were steering west-north west, true course. I was under the im pression. from the course set, that we had passed L'Agulhas. The captain was on deck when 1 came np at 12 o'clock, and stayed with me half-an-honr. Before going below he told me he was keeping her half a point more to the westward, in order to keep clear of every thing, Land was not visible, nor had it been reported to me as visible by the man on the look-out. Before 8 o'clock no soundings were taken. I am not aware whether any were taken afterwards. Soundings might have beenjtaken without my knowing of it When 1 came on deck at 12 o'clock the ship was under steam only, and going about 10 knotsL The first notice 1 bad or the acci dent was theshipgrating on the bottom. I was near the man at the wheel at (he time, walk ing towards the bridge Immediately I felt the grating the third officer, Mr. Clark, tele graphed to the engine- room to full speed astern, which was done. He then loosened all top-sails to try and back her off, (he wind being right off the land, the vessel bent in her own length before she could be stopped. Imme diately the vessel struck the captain came on the bridge, and took charge, ana cleared away to get boats ready and sounded all round the ship, t fonnd three fathoms, amidships, the point where the vessel was fast At daylight we commenced landing passengers. All hands left the ship excepting myself, purser, and chief engineer, also several cuddy servants. We landed in the evening in one of our boats sent off from the shore. The boat was cap sized bn the passage, when the purser, Mr. Cox, was drowned, having with him most of the ship's papers, accounts, and money, which wen all lost. The vessel, 1 consider, is about a mile from.the shore. I left the scene of the wreck yesterday, the 26th March. 6he was abont in the same position, possibly a little closer. When we sounded the pumps, I do not remember that there was much water,1 but now: there are 16ft. of water in her at high tide. 1 believe that a considerable-portion of her bottom is out,' $rpm the fan of some < cargo-and stores thaving washed on shore. I attributed the loss of the abip to the adverse and uncer tain mirient ana the general disarrangement of the compasses. She Is anironship, with iron mafte and Tarda, and ateel rtaang. I hold aj master's " certificate myself, ana in my opinion the ship was properly managed ana navigated, and every proper measure taken .after the accident for thet&ying; of the ship, lite, and cargo. At the suggeetion of the agents of Lloyd's, the magistrate pot the- question whether witneteevmaatr the omrtein drunk or intern pe^< Witaasa-^fa, never. • • I Augustus %rnjr Mmm9^ssrorn, states,—! the Queen of the .< while the'smsi chief effioetis jfisiit f'-Au't ,lr.. *&->( h disarrangement of the compasses, which are used on board of iron ships. We arrived at Melbourne on or abont the 16th January last, discharged, and took in cargo, and left again on or abont the 18th February, and up to Thursday, the 16th inst., made a fairly prosperous voyage. On that day we first sighted land about Cape Recif. I think we were about 35 miles distant. Not having worked out the observations, I cannot say positively. There was a haze over the land at the time. I cannot say how we were then steering, although it was my watch on deck. We were steering along the coast, a little off. At sundown we lost sight of land, and made the land again the following day a long distance off, scarcely visible—cer tainly more than 30 miles. An hour after we were out of sight of land again, and keeping off. On Friday evening, the 17th inst, at 8 o'clock, I observed a large fire on shore, a bush fire ; also a very bright, fixed light, which 1 supposed to be the light of Cape L'Agulhas; it was to the westward of the bush fire, and about 12 miles off. We lost sight of the light at about 11 o'clock, when it was bearing four points abaft the beam. There .were two men on the look-out, one on either bow. The look-outs had not reported land. I fancied I could see land, but as it was hazy and a cloudy sky I might have been mistaken, particularly knowing that land was to starboard. I reported my opinion to the captain, who altered the course about two points and a half by onr compasses dead to seaward. I went below at 12 o'clock, and slept I was awoke by the vessel strik ing, and immediately went on deck in my shirt. I found the captain on the bridge From the time of our first seeing land until the vessel struck the vessel .was under steam only. The first order 1 received from the captain was to get the boats ready for landing. When I came on deck the engines had been reversed, and orders were given to set the topsails, which was done, to assist the engines to endeavour to back her off. I do not think she backed at all. At 5 o'clock on Saturday mowing we commenced landing the passengers and crew. All hands were landed excepting the purser, who was drowned. Two of the ship's company, in attempting to go off again to the ship, con trary to orders, were drowned by the capsiz ing of the boat I consider the captain did everything that was proper and necessary both before and after the accident. I have been 21 years at sea, 10 of which I have been an officer. 1 have made several voyages to the eastward, bnt this is my first to the southern colonies. I assisted the captain in navigating the ship. I consider the captain.an excellent navigator, and be was unremitting in bis attention to his dnties. I can only attribute the accident to the fact of the un steadiness of our compasses, the deception of the light observed, which I consider was capable of misleading any shipmaster, and the very strong adverse current which must have been running at the time. I have sailed with the captain for upwards of four years, and during that time I can slate that I never knew him to be out of bis calculation in making land. Since I have known Captain M'Donald, he has always been a very temperate man. I am snre he was quite sober at the time of the accident The officers of the ship, as well as the quarter-master, who was at the wheel at the time of the accident I con sider steady, able, and efficient men. I saw the ship yesterday for the last time, and it was reported to me she had 16ft of water in her at high tide. I was on board her last Thursday; she had then 10ft of water in her hold at ebb- tide. In my opinion she is a total wreck. Other witnesses were also examined, but their evidence does not materially affect the above. The following decision was then given: —"The Court finds that there is no blame to be attached either to the captain or any one of the mates nor any of the crew on board; attributing the cause of the stranding of the British iron ship Queen of the Thames— firstly, to the disarrangement or deviation of the compasses on board; secondly, to the un steadiness and uncertainty of the current in that locality; thirdly, to a bright fixed light and a bush-fire that was burning before the accident, and which was calculated to mis lead the managers of that vessel. The Court has, therefore, no reason for cancelling or suspending the certificates of either die cap tain or any of the mates, but is of opinion that they are respectively entitled to retain the same.—J. H. Hofheyeb." Of the conduct of the ladies and other pas sengers during the time when they knew not what fate was impending, a passenger thus speaks"Theshock of the vessel striking, and bumping, and grinding amid the breakers, of course roused all die passengers. The ladies and children all got up and dressed, awaiting the unknown perils impending over them. The equanimity among them was wonderful, and the officers of the ship were equally prompt and ready, awaiting die break of daylight." It appears there were four persons drowned. The particulars of the occurrence are as fol lows:—On the Sunday morning after the wreck a boat containing 10 men, inoluding the parser, Mr. Cpx, put off from the shore with the intention of going on board the wreck for the ship's papers; but she had not got far when a heavy roller struck her, cap sizing the men into the water. Six of them managed to reach the land, but in a very exhausted state, so much so that it was only with great care and attention that they were bronght round again. The other four, bow ever, were drowned. They were Mr. Cox, ship's purser; Messrs. Harris and Lacey, stewards; and one seaman. The examination held by the magistrate 'of Bredasdorp proving unsatisfactory, a fresh inquiry was held, which is reported as fol lows:— The magistrate of Bredasdorp acquitted all concerned of blame, but the examination was so unsatisfactory that a fresh inquiry was held as follows • A court was afterwards held by the acting resident magistrate of Cape Town into the circumstances connected with the wreck of the slgeamer Queen of the Thames, Sir Thorn as Maolear, and Lieutenant Arohdea con. of H.M.S. Sinus, as assessors. Mr. Fair bridge appeared on behalf of Captain M'Douald. His Worship, in opening the proceedings, said the court was held for the purpose of taking further evidence with respect to the circiimBtances under which the steamer Queen of theiThameswas wrecked, on the 18ch of Marchinear L'Agulhas. Mr. F&irbridge; said that-on behalf of Cap tain M,'Donald ne objected to the competency of the;court in proceeding to inquire into a matter which hail been already inquired into, and npbn which (Lsentepceofa duly constituted otrort bad been pronounoed. Mr. Fairbridge went an to guoto ttaanteiiSvirtue of which Oonrts; of this character are held, and said tfaey c^Ainpd nnthto would author 4ae the Present orooeeding. Tim steamer hating be^n lost nearS treys Bay oil the 18th, resident magistrate of Bred ufmeyer, in whose division the aftnyted* nding under ortUralio bad "« ,i 'Aft.TuTlE a. '■ -v . ■'* received from tbe Government, proceeded to bold a court of inquiry. The Magistrate asked whether Mr. Fair' bridge intended to prove the authority of Government. Mr. Fairbridgerepued that if the magistrate had done an illegal act he must Buffer for it, but be bad said be was acting under the orders of the Government. He (Mr. Fairbridge) held the matter had been already decided, and the Court had found that no blame attached to tbe captain, tbe officers, or the crew, but that the stranding of the vessel was due to the disarrangement of the compass and to the current Under these circumstances, Captain M 'Donald was present but merely for the purpose of respectfully objecting to the com petency of the Court. The magistrate said it was distinctly pro vided in the Act No. 3 of 1863 that courts of the character of that which had been held in this case did not amount to a final pro ceeding. The Governor could at any time send back a case for the reconsideration of the Court, not only as to the decision which had been come to, but with instructions to take fnrther evidence. Mr. Fairbridge replied that if the inquiry was referred back it must certainly be to the court which took the first investigation, and that it was contrary to the spirit of the law, to justice, and to common sense, that a man who had been tried and acquitted should be put upon a second trial for the same offence. The magistrate said he was satisfied the Governor had the power to send back the proceedings to the court in which they com menced, and if the Governor had resolved upon adopting that course, inasmuch as many of the officers and passengers contem plated leaving for England the next day. and the Governor being entitled to get all the evidence which was obtainable in a legitimate manner, he (the magistrate) did not feel at liberty to refuse to follow the instructions which had been given him. The magistrate then proceeded to read the evidence given by Captain M'Donald before the resident magistrate of Bredasdorp, and at its conclusion asked whether he had anything further to add ? Captain M'Donald.—I merely appear here out of respect to your worship and the crnrt, and must respectfully decline to say any thing. Sir Thomas Maclear.—I appear here as one of the assessors, and I wish to put one or two questions, which no gentleman should refuse to answer. Was your ship put round when yon were in Australia ? Captain M'Donald.—With the greatest re spect for tbe Court, and yourself as my senior, 1 must still state most firmly that I will not answer any questions whatever. The Magistrate.—You refuse to answer any questions? Captain M'Donald.—I do. Sir Thomas Maclear then left the court, and the magistrate read the evidence given at Bredasdorp by Mr. G. T. Bowe, the first officer. In reply te a question from the magistrate, Mr. Howe said he had nothing to add to his former evidence. He was on. duty about an hour before the steamer struck, half of which time the captain was with him. The Magistrate.—Have you any books or papers which will show the position of the ship before she struck ? Mr. Bowe.—No. The Magistrate.—Did you take any observe tions^during the voyage? Mr. Bowe.—I sometimes took mi observa tion for my own amusement, but I took no part in the navigation of the ship. Tbe clerk then hindered the Bible to Mr. Bowe, with a view to administering the oath, but that gentleman declined to take it, until the magistrate said that if the witness refused to be sworn he should have no alternative but to commit him. The oath was then ad ministered, and the witness mid.—I do not know when I took the last observation. I did not do so after righting the land at Beceiffe. I am unable to give any information of the position of the ship after that time, but I entered the posi tion every day in the log-book. The last time I saw the log was after the ship had struck. I saw a chart of the coast once. It was the captain's. This was the day before we righted the land. The captain sent to me for the log after the ship had struck, and I gave it to the messenger. I can't say that he le captain. gave it to the captain. If I said in oeurt at Bredasdorp that the log was in the boat which was upset, ft must have been the case. I never saw the ship's course marked on the chart but once. I bad then asked the captain to show me the chart, and he did bo. I saw the course was then marked down correctly. On the day preceding the stranding of the ship I believe she was in latitude 34*57, but I do not remem ber the longitude. On the evening before the stranding I had been on watch from 6 to 1, and then went below. I returned on deck at midnight Between 6 and 8 no report was made to me of land in right; a light coold be seen, but it was impossible'to my whether it was fixed or not I relieved Mr. Murray, the second officer, at 12. The captain was on Iimagii the bridge at this time. I imagined the light was L'Agulhas. I cannot remember the course from 6 to 8. She was then going from rix to seven knots, under steam only. Mr. Murray reported to me when I came on deck at 12 that we had yesmd some high land. He did not my that land was then in sight I looked in the direction of the land, but could see nothing. The ship's course was then W.N.W. by the standard compass. Her speed was ID knots, according to my judgment 1 do not know the deviation of the standard compass. I noticed nothing peculiar in the water before the ship struck. The weather was fine at midnight with a moderate breeze from the W.N.W. I never Saw any azimuth observations taken. I only kept the log goings Tbe evidenoe of the second officer, Mr. Murray, was then read over, and, in reply to the magistrate, he said fate had nothing to add fo that statemeht ■■ ■ -* * Tfae Magistrata—Dldyon assist In working the ship? I decline to answer any questions. I have been tried once in the oplora, and that is quitte enough foy me. for the aame offetfee. The Magtotrate.—Withontdiiptttingthat, I must ask you to take theoath. Mr. Murray.—I gm advised not to answer flDV OQBStiOCIBa • TtoMtgUt»t&~Then I unit oommit you. *%$8&'ZSSSBf *"■* Uw Thte« Magistrate.-*-!'shall now prooeed to " "eotherevidem read the other-evidenoe, and ghalT leave the question *■ to yourself aftd ths captaln, who havedfedined to answer any questions, for the | present. The ^evidence of John bowdjto ^and^waaon se of John Harris and James i*d; Tbe Isttet wsa farthex: I saidI was en able seamanon fmof the Thames, and was on Ouinw iaflK of the 17th. I saw land on the starboatdbeam on going on ] deckatlO, I was onthe*gort bow: James r ahead. 'Ji m^ming0nrt ^en ^0Qme^ tmtil Tuesday frhe official inquiry into the circumstances cdnnectedwiththe wreck of the steamer Queen of the Thames was resumed on Tubs. day morning. The magistrate was again as. stated by Sir Thomas Maclear and Lieutenant Afchdeacon, but neither Captain MDonuM nor any of the officers of the ship were nra sent The following additional evidence was taken George Woodruff Goyder.—I am Surveyor. General of South Australia, and was a pas senger by the Queen of the Thames. During the voyage we published a newspaper on board, to which I contributed. I obtained from the captain a statement showing each day's latitude and longitude, the course, the distance run, and the direction of the wind, which I tabulated; these particulars were pub lished up to the 16th. 1 obtained the re. torus for the 17th, but they were not published. In consequence of our anticipated; arrival in Table Bay, the last paper, which was dated the 18th, was read on the evening of the 17 th. The returns for the 17 th were chalked up on a board in the usual manner. I took the figures from the board. Observa tions were .taken during the voyage by the captain, and the second, third, and fourth mates. One of the junior officers used to put up the board. The return for the 17th was latitude 34 53 S., longitude 2L38K, course W. I spent the afternoon of the 17th in preparing the newspaper. In the evening we had an entertainment, and I went to bed. I noticed before going to bed that the course had been attend, but I do not know at what hour this was done. The ship was steering N.W., judging by the stars. I went to bed at half- past 10. I was very anxiouB, and said to another passenger that I wished the night was over. I had seen the shore and a map of the coast; and I knew the course we were steering. The map I saw was an ordinary one, and about 2ft square. I saw a light on shore a little before 8 that evening. It seemed to me to have a halo round it. It was a fired light, but did not look like that of a lighthouse. At that time the light was on the starboard beam. We could now and then make ont the land on the starboard beam. We saw no land on the starboard bow. In the evening, during the entertain, ment, which consisted of music and reading, the captain announced that L'Agul has light was abeam. After the enter tainment I went on deck. I did not then see a light on the land. The night was hazy towards the land, and there was no moon. After I had been in bed some time I was awoke by a passenger who said the ship was on shore. I don't think the ship could have made more than six knots from noon on the 17th until I went to bed. The wind was against us. I saw the patent lag dragging behind on the previous day. I did not hear any report made to the officer in charge on the 17th as to the speed of the ship. I never saw an azimuth observation taken on board. I have had a good deal of experience in, and am professionally acquainted with, the taking of observations. I often tested the steering compass. It was about four and a half points out. I never looked at the standard compass on the bridge. I ami accustomed to take observations. Sap posing the ship was heading due west, then the compass would show N.W. by N. This I ascertained by glancing at the compass, and not by observations. After the Bhip had struck I took bearings from the shore, and found Bhe was heading magnetic N. 14 W» The true bearing would be nearly N.W. I never saw any comparisons made of the com* passes. John Baylis Burkitt.—I was a saloon pas* senger by the Queen of the Thames. I took notes during the voyage of the particulars of the ship's position. At noon on 17th of March the ship was in latitude 3433 S., Ion. gitude 21*38; number of miles run, 210. On the 16th the latitude was 34*24, longitude 26*21. On looking again at my notes, I am not sure the latitude on the 17th was not 34 *53. I am disposed to think the latter is correct The distance ran on the 16 th was also 240 miles. During the afternoon of the 17<h I frequently looked at the compass, and saw it pointed to about N.W. About S o'clock p.m. I saw a light in the direction of the outline of the shore; it appeared a long way off, and was indistinct- 1 then went below, and remained there until about half past 10, when I went on deck. I then found the ship close on a lee shore. The shore was on the starboard beam, riot more than half a mile off. I called the attentiori of a midshipman,, named Tyler, to it At first he denied that it was the snore, but I convinced him, and Mrs. M'Donald, the captain's wife, who occupied a deck cabin, directed that her husband should be called. I went forward, hot oould see no land ; ahead, and having returned to toe saloon deck, I heard the captain order Mr. Murray, who was in charge of the shin to mve lux a point to port His words were T'One point to .port Mn Murray repeated toe wpids, and toe captain skid them again. On looking at my notes, Z see tot words were "Another point to' port" The order was repeated three tones. I did not then took at tbie compass. About 11 o'clock I went below. After giving his orders' toe captain went away. The land was still in sight on the star board beam when 1 went below, but I was partly satisfied, as we were bearing off it I was asleep when toe ship struck, hut was awoke by the first shock, yhere were tw» distinct shocks. I was potting *my clothes on whenue second shock was felt 1.immedi ately went on deck, the strip was still forging ahead! but the engines were shortly reversed, Thy ship's way was Stopped by the reef. From {the 'time of toe second shock toe ship was on the reef, and bumped with every swell i I think riiy estimate that the land was half a mile off1 before toe ships course waa altered is correct ' "* ' ' „ The; inquire was tout Adjourned »i«e<Jie.a r The! following passengers left Cape Tow^ for London per TR.M.ST ?nton ou Marc 20:-! ir. BynnotMr, D^el, Mr. phertoon' Mr. Uflla^ 'MfSrii rnS. OlWto Mrs. Wentworth, infant and. nntte J Mr. & Kenrlk: Bom Mr.,wrs., wdMtoCowper; Mr.at iMrs. Dafntree anai^antMisiD»ln .treear d Mw. * iiSwrood, Mrs. Cleveland ; Mr. ani Mrs. I aing, six children; tod two servants; NormMrs. FaK MJmCUrk. 