DENILIQUIN STOCK REPORT. Wednesday, 2litli April. Tho crossings here during the week have been again limited in fat sheep for market. Of these, since our last, 11,000 have gone through, being— on Saturday, 2,400 of Cochrane'*; Sunday, 2,200 of 'Blackwood's;' 1,100 of Young's; and 2,000 of Gilbert's; to-day two ilocks passed, 1,800 of Hunter Patterson's, and 2,400 of Peters', from Tubbo. Another flock of Peters', from "Walgicrs, in near, and will probably pass to-morrow. A mob of store cattle, about 300. SevcrneV, of the Murrumbidgee, is now on the northern common, moved from tho run, we hear, to make room for sheen. At Hay Brodribb's '1,000 fat sheep have crossed, and 7,000 out of 12,000, ditto, from the Burcoo; as also a Itock of Bright Brothel's'. On Saturday *100 fat cittle, P. Keighran's, will pass. On Saturday 2o horsos belonging to the English and Scottish Bank passed for market, and a bull cn route to Calimo, "Messrs. Murray and "Watson's station, went by. ' During the week 263 bales of wool went on to Mel bourne. The weather continues fine and without rain. A moderate supply of the latter would now be very pleasant, and profitable alike to graziers and agriculturists. At present the country is in line grazing condition, but as we must always have something, either to fear or to complaiu of, ide.is of the dolorous just now run in the direction of a • dry winter; while existing appearances would some what justify this, it is rather too early in the season to be unpleasantly certain about it. On the Murrumbidgee the weather has also been line, and apprehensions felt of serious bush-fires. At "Wagga in fat stock little business was doing, but for storu cattlc and sheep the demand continued brisk, and fair rates could be realised for good store, almost in any quantity, but in view of the fall in price of fat in 'Melbourne, intending purchasers were exercising some caution. Stations were sought after, more 'especially unstocked or lightly stockcd runs. Messrs. Forsyth report the sale of about GOO head of mixed store cattlc and 3 years old, Streets', to M'Nicol, at a satisfactory price for cash, and also as agents for Mr. Murphy, 300 mixed cows and bullocks, to Josiuh Strickland, of Bundaburra, also •for cash. Messrs, Hely Bros., of Grcnfcll, have sold "SVeogo station for Mr. J. Kennedy, with 000 head of cattle.— -Chvonick. 