C|e ^Uterine Perak ECHUCA, WEDNESDAY,- AUGUST 16,1871. We regard with, anything but ^pleasant feelings the position taken up by the Treasurer of Victoria in relation to the •collection j of tbo duties on the Border. With a keen i remembrance.of,all.the abominations and inconveniences to which we were subjected m the "old days of trouble and terror, ^before the customs, compact at present in. existence was entered into between Victoria and Now ' South Wales, we must confess we have no desire wh^toveT.for4fieirtwivrf^r,..Mr,Berry, however, exhibitsa great amou'ritof indifference on the subject, which is not to be.;Won-i dered Bt perhaps in n gentleman of his limited experience of. intercolonial, orr any other, trade. He first of all threatens in the Legislative As3embly to repudiate the treaty between the two colonies, in the event of any legal fraud being'committed on the revenue. Mr Berrv;- Wo ifthsli siy, cli" 'not admit the ieo-alitv of an evasion of, the cuS'.oms'_ duties by'''the export of goods from Victoria into New South Wales, and their subsequent importation into thef former colony; although it was truthfully and forcibly pointed out to him by Sir James M'Culloch and Messrs Frances and Langton. Ho strenuously denied that this could be dona under the. treaty, but any one who attentively peruses the treaty will find that he i3 wrong. By virtus-of that document New South. Wales holds^ tho exclusive right of the collection of duties on the border; by virtue, of that „ document .free transit to goods of eny kind cannot be denied' across the River Murray from either colony to the other ; and by virtue of that document the holder of any merchandise, which has been imported into New South Walts from Victoria, having once released it from bond in the former colony, is at liberty, if it pleases, him to send, that merchandise back into^Victoria. Of course, in doing so, he wou'd be guilty of an evasionof tho Victorian duties, but h:"» act would havn the sanction of the existi sg Intercolonial Customs law, as it re- | gards the boundary between the two colonies. Mr Berry says this shall not be, and if any of this sort of robbery, as he calls it, is detected, be will repudiate the treaty. Of course a member of the Ministry of Action is bound to carry out his threats, whoever may bo injured, or ruined by the proceeding. This' is not a pleasant contemplation, more especially ub Mr Berry has within the last few days refused.itpj.permitcertain goods sent up to Echuca in bond to cross the river at Corowa, unless a guarantee were given that they should not be sent back into Victoria. Tho demand; for .such a guarantee was resisted, and the mandate has gone forth that the goods shall, not leave Echuca unless -the' Victorian' duties upon' them are paid. This is'unquestionably an outrage of the treaty,.'ancf Intervention of the Qo"Arnment of New South Wales will certainly be sought uy tbe psriies aggrlewd. A less matter than this has been ,the cause of bloody wars between' independent nations, and it is'to be feared'that !a rupture of the commercial relations.existing between the two colonies will' be the consequence of the arbitrary, and, as wo believe, unauthorised conduct of the Victorian Government. It is possible; as the treaty expires in the beginning of February next, that the New South Wales Government may not think it worth its while to interfere in this matter, baf it may find it an'excellent pretext for refusing to renew the agreement But if Mr,;Berry is-bent on pursuing the system be has commenced, ho will very speedily find the revenue from the railway to the Murray—the best paying line in tho colony—fall off in a very ruinous manner. It is not at all likely that the guarantees he . requires will be generally given, and it is quite certain that the psople of Riverina will refuse to take -goods from Victoria at the present exorbitant rates of duties. At all events, in about firo months, the treaty will expire by efHuxion of time, and then, will arise the difficulty of a fresh compact with New South Wales, without which Victoria may bid adieu to her Riverine trade, as South Australia, keen, vigilant, and active.as a cat, is waiting her opportunity to pounce on the long-coveted traffic. The Adelaide Government and merchants will do everything in their power to improve this opportunity, to which Mr Berry is now engaged in paving tho way. Tho only advantage which Victoria possesses over her great rival in the Riverine trade is her railway from Echuca to Melbourne. But Riverina will not consant to pay too dearly for the luxury of tho iron hoise. The new tariff will be prohibitive to her of its use, and at some comparative inconvenience, by no means so great as it may appear, she will despatch the great bulk of her produce and receive the great bulk ot her goods, by steam boat to and from Gojlwa. This is assuming that the treaty is not renewed, in which case also all the grievous annoyances of the border duties will again fall upon those unfortunate persons residing immodiatoiy on the iNew South Wales frontier, whosa means and requirements are not suihciently extensive to , enable them to trade with Adelaide. _ We i could draw a much gloomier picture of the j probabk results of the policy of tho Treasurer of Victoria, and show iur-v seriously thu interests of our own community and those of aj[l iIiq towns aloV(r 1J10 borot?r wili be aijected, but "it" is t0 boped t be Victorian Governmental! discover the fearful error into which they are falling by a course which cannot but be very irritating to the extremely jealous ' and somewhat choleric rulers and legislators of New South Wales. ■ "Multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it," was written many a long yearago for the first time; how long ~ngo js~ hardly worth enquiring now. But one thing ■is certain, that John Chinaman took the, advice, and'is just as busy multiplying and replenishing as his Mongolian prototypes of four thousand years ago. It is a long way to look back to the foundation of the Celestial Empire, but, however long it may be, one thing is certain, that men of great foresight, great sagacity and organising power laid these foundations deep enough, sure enough, and strong enough to uphold for ages the magnificent edifice of the Chinese dominion, with its extraordinary recuperative power and eneigy. No little matter was it to harmonise and assimilate, the contradictory forces and diverse individualities which it must hnve behoved the ancestors of three hundred million people to possess, .and its realisation, might have been as impracticable to -hese Mongolian sages as to the leading patriarchs of lees enduring races, if it had not been for the; natural configuration of "t'ha - Flowery Land itself China in its early days had several peculiar'features. First, large alluvial plains, watered by important rivers sluggishly winding through them ;. to the_south and east a magnificent seaboard, and on the northwest a rampart of mountain lands to supply her with minerals and metals. On her plains the stockowner wa3, no doubt, the first pioneer, following down, her great streams and taking up their pastoral stations in much the sameway, as has been done 'by our own squatters' These in turn wero displaced by tho agriculturist; the agriculturist made a field for the skilled artisan ; judicious laws and, r.'gula-, .turn's bound ' tho ^different' interests" of 'th'e1 individuals into a homogeneous state; the \ state grew to an empire—thousands of years ago; and for ought we know to the contrary the Heathen Chinee fired Lis crackers,. nibbled'Up his'nce/aaii " bioty'hts' 'baccy" 'ds;' man}' years bsforo the ..Christian era, as we now see him to-day after it." , No.wt .the. great-seerjt .tof .stability,^astlexp emplified'ia the history of ttie Chinese' iosti-' tutions, -lay- in attention toj the fundamental principles as laid down by us in the beginning of this article, ^" Multiply, " replenish -and subdue." The Chinese multiplied well, they worked hard, they gave-back'to the earth in manure what ,they took from it in-crop.rTbey irrigated their • fields 'and' savannahs ;' 'they grew their, rice, their tea; .^wove, cloth, worked'metals, arid forced thoir-land-to' carry a comparatively happy and .contented population, which puts to tho: blush our weistern' civilisation, with its revolutions,. ^wars, persecutions and exterminations? China has had all these and flourishes,..'in;:spite of thorn. | Europe and Western Asia have had'their systems' destroyed;; .Bdbylo'b/ succeeded! by Persia, gave place to Greeco, which in turn was succeeded by Rome, and'. s"6r on through history to our own day. Now, seeing that the brain-power of the west' is ^greater .than that of the east, likewise the ,physical; energy of the people,—how is it thatJI he "weaker, has stood, while the stronger-has; coma to grief? Where are Babylon, Nineveh, Athens and Rome to:day>?;' Buried .in the*pasty fo'egotten, and in some cases unknown to the Barbarian, who rides over their unsuspected sites Whereas John Chinaman, wjb.en.he, makes his little pile in California 'or'"Australia, wanders back to lay his bones.in^thatjland of all lands—tho Flowery Land, to liim the gate of Heaven. Now we oanl- takeTa lesson from the Heathen Chinee, if we will only do so. . We have first a great- country; secondly, a great people; and thirdly,-a great development of industrial po'we'riillThe earth of Australia-may be said .to consist-ifor the most part of vast alluvial plains, surrouaded by mountain ranges with : greatl; natural facilities for storing water, which waters when stored can by proper.»ppli^n'c^siisiiWciiB5fe, conduits, pipess, &c.;, be made to replenish the §&^5i$XdJ[ta^'gro$na;i({iter. Retrains* and' tiffs'of the winter months have disappeared; and whoa the sun is; hottest and-the days are longest, by • means of irrigation takn ofr crop after crop. "Instead of bush-fires and - gradual exhaustion,, ,as. ..jinder the present systom, continually goirig* on, we wpuldjbavo,continual verdure, rconsian.t recur peration, increasing fertility, and population. Let us once establish this, system; :and emigration will flow in upon us as fully as the waters come down the'Murray. Not the [iuuper emigration which we hava been paying so liberally for in past years, and which disgorges itsejfrspontaneously on the- wharves of New York—a givar, and by far the wealthier, portion";;of:this ■ fertilizing stream of landhungry emigrants would find their way to j the bi*oa'd plaiiis of Victoria, beneath the sheltering folds of 'Jie Union Jack, instead of! sacrificing their nationality for a home in the i Far West; but food is more than sentiment, I and clothing is of more consequence than j bunting, so tho son of the loyal Britisher | becomes a free and enlightened American, ready to keep untarnished the glory of the Stars and Stripes. Well, the present Government have given uj one earnest of their intention to assist us to "develope ourselves ; ! the reserves are to.be made for the o-reat | canal, 13 chains wide, and marked down the centre by red and white pegs tvery alternate mile. Sites for storage lakes ara also to be reserved, where suitable sites can bo found along, the line, such us the V/aranga swamp, Lake Cooper, which banked up all round, 12 feet high, and fitted with gates and sluices, become impounding reservoirs ia flood time, to supply the waters for irrigation during the summer months; but as the different sites for storage lakes will bo indicated during the conduct of the flying survey, it would be premature to suggest anything which might forestall the surveyor's report. As far as things go at present, wo may expect to hear of the flying survey being commenced this week, or nest week at furthest; apt! he won't have a bad salection who gets witlrin chains north or south of the white pesrs on the contour line of tiio Grand Victorian NorthWestern Canal. Local L.vxij^iiOAicD.—In itiu (ji of (he 4:li instant, nu error lus been..coal.mitted^ in. Helming Mondny, the 21st, instead o!" i'!iuisdr.j>," I the 24th instant, aa the waicii-'our: iiext LocU I-.'3iitl Hoard will by he#. '.\V« are iiifi)nii^(l,.. if ti)<; surveyors,are able to-reliirn ihe. aiipiicaiions j wi:li t pla'iiR'att died in" proper iim«, tbut the | i;tr< n:ss to lie hroaghttu»derith'e\cotVsi(icr(ifi«j!''ot^ j the bond, will be fur i:i excess of that submitted f.t any previous sitting in Euiiuca. Tins Rivers.—The Murray at Eclnica now presents an imposing appearance, the gunge, registering 17 feet 3 inches abovo summer level. At Wahgunyah and Swan Hill the readings are 13 feet nnd 11 feet 5 inches respectively. At Balranald the Murruinbidgee is lo feet 0 inches and atHay 20 feet above summer level. Kailivay Depaut3IEJ*t might- well-spare an additional locomotive at the Echuca terminus, to provide against emergencies.' The Mock and' goods traffic from this station is enormonsj and deserves better provision than appears to be made for it. On Monday last something went wrong with, the engine that should have taken the morning train to Sandhurst. Tlie train, as made up, consisted of some thirty five carriages and trucks, so thnt the pilot could not have taken it on ; and had it not been that a special train had thai morning arrived with empties, delay or inconvenience must h^ve endued, .The telegraph wires promptly brought an iron horse to replace the "special,' and a second one was pressed into the service, to ,assist .the train: on to Sandhurst from Guornong. ■ The best local management cannot provide against; the breaking down of a locomotive,,but the department should'see that their, northern ;terminus'ia-.riot! left 'tiepeii/ling upon ono running engine '>• TKeWi js 'ntiipie'shed accommodation for. half a dozen /ocomotives'here, wh'ile at Sandhurst there.-always appears to. be several unusod: engiuea i standings exposed -to the vve^ther: . At:anyrate;!t.hereiire engines to spire at-dandhurst 'that might-be; nio ro a(1 v a u t.at!cous 1 y stationed at Echuca;-.. . ! •• .f- •/ :/■ ""m~< '-'ri'1--' Oil iQi'.G.'jI.'i fit ll'Hl.v Il->-■ J! i. ■ The Border Duties.r—Por thennfortiiatibh:ofour.;re#.dera, .wev-bhr^oae . issue,-' the:.iriembranduin:'of''qgffe'eiiient,. entered,.'."f? P.1?.''H®''?3'b- J£.8,67*'wiiiefa forms the Border Customs Tre/ity between !the "colonies of! Xicto^ia a,nd.,New.5quthrAy'ale?i- .... .; > . • -\ '.BpnotJGu^ Co'u^iL—Tlie ordinary.fortnightly meeting of the ? Town Council -takes place this 'e7.eW,ug ftt;i8.eyen\o'clbcki when no doubt some deBisioii„will,ibe. nrrived at'as to the cohcessibii to be made to the Meat Preserving Company, in the bha Jie-of -g raziri gncc ciin moelation on .t he com mon.; WfWTf nVJ| jM'teresting. nature; are-alao; ^bu^we.trust; to, the.good Betise;bf" the majority to prevent a recurrence of discredit-' able aeetiea.^.If thel'others.set their face againlt iti-iio oiie: councillor can 'crcate . rind maintain'; a' quarrel.. . V'V/;. • " - : ! Wa ijiavevW' note tfie Rrnv«l ycstervluy oi,70 balefi"of woo! from the station of. Messrs Wolieley,!(jibb"s and Co., ■CobtMt), Tliia yyooj vvas consigned "fo Mr D. J. Coghm).and,.is:tlie;flrst o£ .thia.ficaso.n'8.olip.-ifrom* Rive'rinaVwh'idh tins yet come tojiiand/.'.JTh.e.HOol was^dUly^forward^d by 'train fast night to the otderloi -Messrs. Dalgety, Ulaokwood aud Co-,Melbourne. q /, "/<* '■>' /, M ' IT i M. ji. J\ 1• Jl. J *■ • 'V ' Sehtous A ccident.—"\y« f.regret i to . have' to record a very'serious acc|denVwiiich' has befallen Mr. OWe'n 'Jories, the well tnmwn.carrier and selector." I+. appears that YIr Joiies was yesterday working ii^the bottoih of a' woll'.some- fifty or sixty feet deep,, when, the windlass fell in. upon, him ,aud . struck biin on tlie side,' infljeting^.an injury (he reault of which'; it: is' impossible ,,at.;present to determine. • " j Victoria's uIaimva'y3.'—We have"- been1 furnished by thesecretaryol the, Victorian illail ways with the following report !for;i:the: weeki eliding* 10th.AugustPassengers, 16,933J£2,632 63 3d ; mails, rents, &c.;, £128 2s 6J; ..parcel?,i&e.;",' £232 IBs 41; horses, carriages, dogs, &c.;, £113 7s 6d ; goods and minerals, £6 466 17V2d ; cattle, £424 17s Od. Total for the week, 1871, £9,098 6s 9d. Corresponding week m'iS70, £10,005 18s 6d. I ^ Sale of Stock—Mr O. A. Elliot, of Wagga Wagga, sold; at the Murrumbidgee Pastoral Show ground, on Thursday h\^t, severUl bulls nnd icAws, which sold nt good prices, one bull in particular-! Qhi;ij3arre!," for Messrs, \Vntt.and .Thompson,-, toiTxies'sfs'«f.' and W".' 0:' Witideyer'.' * This bull was bred by It. M'Dikigall;' B3q., of Victoria, aud some of .his stockswere.exhibited which took firBt class prizes," nnd singly;': were miicii 'admired by the.-Jiidgea (and generalipubljo.' 'ATliis shows that with only, ordinary cows the il.'Dougail bli/od trnnaniits'"itnelf 'fi^oni' the',sires to'their offVprins (although through inferior channels),- and leaves its traces in such.a. marked, luutmer aa to make it mo3t~ eagerly'sought after. .' HoDsto.N'vi\GoLDSBn6qGn,—In"lhe_SupremeOourt oir^Iqnday^before; this -Honor. Jud«e Pohiman and'jury o't' twelve,' a triai was commenced—Houston, v. Goidsbrpugh and another— in which .the "p.iaih'tiff, a'/y.oung man, .sought to reepj^ralleged seizure: of^stoclt^and. otlier'.'prpp.eriy belonging to him j Tlie .plaint.itf is about 22 yejijg,'of age^'apa,'.'t)ie..^on of. &eorge; Houston, formerly the' owner of'the Gunbower Station. Mr G, Houstin had at different times given liens over part of(liis stock, and in 1867 mortgaged the station,^ stocK/'&c.;'; to R, Goldshrough for ^ the aum of £5,500 arid'interest. n In May, 1868, :the defendants seized' u'n'deV the] mortgage, took possession of>nll "tlie "stocky &a.;,' on the Btation. Some of. the Worses'were'claimed "by the-defendant, who was tlie'ii'utiiler] age. They had been given him,jhe safd, 'soiiie years before ;by his lither, in part payment of his wages as overseer —£200 per- airn'um:' The: animals... were all branded witu the" station brand ; there , was no /private mark ."to filiow'tliat tliey belonged to him ; hut he explained] "that' it was customary,- where anyone on a station owned cattle or -horses, to put the station bnuicl on, as tli;»t .brand was recognised by neighbouring run-holders and the potindkeepersj nnd,. of course, the right to the property, was not disputed-by; the owner of the" ota'ion. In the present instance the progeny of the hones given to him had increased, and the value was now-oyer £100. He also claimed for' the prioe. of a carriage belonging to him,, and: which' was worth about £60, and about £10 worth of books', and salary, for six months as overseer. For when the defendant sent up n man to take charge, Mr Parker one cf the firm, asked.;him. to remain for a few months, as he, knew.rriore' about the station .than anyone else." The action was not brought previously, as it was not'considered, expedient to do so, till tho plaintiff came of age, Mr GV' Houston, the futher of the plnrntiffj ;gave evidence that the property: belonged to his son. The witness also stated that, he liiid childre.n, and all of them claimed/some of the property taken hy Gold*brough and Co. 1 At the close of this witness's evidence the further hearing of the case was postponed till next dav. —Argus. ■ A Pehficr-Disguise.'—The Newcastle Chronicle relates:—P-ut-upon _ their mettle by the audacity and secrecy'which have characterised the late burglaries, our police have been leaving no stone unturned; have neglected no means which presented themselves in order to the detection of.the guilty parties. They have evidently felt that their reputation was at- stake; they have denied themselves rest and comfort, they have thrown all personal considerations to the winds in the hope, hitherto we regret to say a vain one, of ultimately discovering and bringing the burglars to justice. Amongst others conspicuons for zeal and determination, constable , bent'upon immortalizing his name, started one evenin" on a tour of detection, and tliis is what came of it. On thin identical evening'one of the police, lately arrived from Sydney, whilst going the rounds of bis beat, discovered in the reur of the Northumberland Hotel, Hunter street, crouching low aud evidently bent on hiding his presence, a most suspicious looking character. To tap him on the shoulder and demand his business in such a locality, at such an hour, was the constable's immediate business. To the astonishment of the constable, the- man merely placed hi-j forefinger on his lips and replied, " Hi^ht! I'iii constable ] I)rant^cd from his lair and confronted v\vith the gasligiit m front of' the hotel, so perfect'.' waa the disguise'--™'ha;d" assumed, tli'dt'"'*IttBjj captor, treating -his statement' with tle'rijlon,'" totally discrediting his identity with constulile i and fancying that he had got one of the J parties "wanted," marched hie prisoner off to the lock up.- There, opportunity being afforded; 'divesting'himself ol his borrowed plumes ami standit)" revealed in all the glory of a guardiau of the peace, mutual explanations, followtd by a hearty laugh all round, ensued ; and relieved of the fearful halo of suspicion which had surrounded him but a few minutes before, took hia departure, .hut whether to resume his occupation . pf watching the back premises of the Northumberland or not, wo are unable to say. Sad Fates'of tiie af"cniiisiior3 of Pahis.—" It is not a little remarkable that for the best part of a century scarcely more than one Archbishop of Paris has died peaceably and quietly in possession of bis palace and dignities. Going back to the time of the first French Revolution, we (indl in 1793, M. de Juigne dying by the guillotine. In 1815, Cardinal Maury was obliged to take refuge in Rome with the members of tho Bonaparte farail}', and was there imprisoned for a year by tlie Pope's orders, but was subsequently allowed to live in retirement on a pension given to him in compensation for his resignation ot the see of Monte Fiascone, which he held previously to hiB acceptance of the Archbishopric. He died in ^eStilej 'ii»>l817. 'Ilis successor, iU. de (luclen; was pursued by the demagogue*, his palace was Isacked and destroyed; and he suffered for several years from secret persecution. In 1848, M. Affre was shot on the .barricades, in the act of on;dsavoring to assuage the popular fury, and ■praying that if he fell his blood might he the last shed in Paris. In 1857, his successor, M. Sibour, was assassinated while officiating in the Cathedral of Notre Dame, by one of his priests, na"]e" Verger, who had been excoinmunicatcd. The next archbishop. Cardinal Morlot, died in 1863 ; and now his successor, the amiable and excellent M.. Darboy, has fallen a victim to popular frenzy 