ENGLISH REPUBLICANS.— BRADLAUGH , INTERVIEWED. A correspondent of the Nem York World writes to that paper a long account of an inter view he lately had with Bradlaugh, a leader of the English " Republicans." We quote the fol lowing portion of the report : — " You all agreed that the Prince of Wales never shall be king,' or even regent ?" " Yes ; he shall never ascend the throne. On that we are determined. When Mr. Odger pro claimed this the other day, he was taking a leaf from my book, but it was with my authority. I have already told you that there shall be no regency." " Have you reason to believe that when your republic is set up, it can maintain itself ?" 'I do not conceal from myself the proba bility, even the almost certainty, that for the first few years of its existence, the republic will be the domination of a class, who will exercise their power for a while in doing fearful foolish things. But wisdom, prudence, and firmness will, it may be hoped, in time restore to society a settled state of things. We shall have our greatest trouble, probably, in the adjustment of the land question. The aristocracy will not give way on this ; they must be forced to give way ; and the conflict will too probably be a bloody one." " In the republic, is religion to be recognized in any way ?" "No, in no way. We shall let the pious people have all the churches they want, and let them pray as much as they please ; but we shall insist upon giving to every child a purely secu lar education; wholly divorced from religion of every kind. If the parents at home choose to teach religion to their children, or if the children, when they grow up choose to be pious, no one shall interfere with them." " In the republic, what is to be the supreme law ?" " The will of the people expressed, as may be found most practicable, through the voice of a legislature of one or two chambers." " The will of a majority of the people, I pre sume you mean ?" "Yes." " Are there to be any limits in the exercise of this will ?" " None." " None of any kind ?" " Positively none whatever." " You are to have no written constitution ?" " No ; written constitutions are humbugs." " What protection, then, are the minority to have from the possible' aggressions of the ma jority ?" "No absolute protection ; we shall seek to so arrange our electoral machinery that the mino rity may always have a fair representation in our legislature ; they shall be heard ; they may state their case and plead for it ; but having done this, they must submit to the will of the majority." " In all things ?" "Yes, in all things whatsoever." " But as the will of the majority alone is to decide what crime is without reference to any higher law, the majority may decide that theft, for instance, is commendable. Shall we all be allowed to thrive in peace ?" " Yes ; we shonld have to submit to it." "At present, I think, the great majority of men do not steal because they have been taught that God said, ' Thou shalt not steal.' " " I differ from you. They don't steal, simply because they are afraid of the blue-coated ' Bobby ' walking along the street." " But if this is your opinion of human nature, do you not fear to place absolute power in the hands of a numerical majority — power unlimited and unrestricted in any way ?" " Oh, doubtless, even in a republic, men must be governed. Their leaders will govern them. The hour will bring the man." " But I really think you are rather illogical. One man has no right in himself to rule another man. Have two men the right to rule one man? Subor dination is absolutely necessary to the existence of society; you grant it; but by what purely human right can it be enforced ?" " By none save the right of self-preservation." The Border Customs. — In alluding to the re turn of Messrs. Yale and Longmore to Melbourne, the Age of Wednesday last says :— At Albury many of the leading business men waited on the Commissioner of Customs for the purpose of discussing the Border duties. Mr. Vale inti mated that he could not enter into any discussion on the matter, hut would be happy to hear the opinions of those present. He stated that if the Sydney Government did impose the objectionable duties, and Victoria was obliged to retaliate by taxing the corn and wine of New South Wales, arrangements would be made for bonding suck produce for export, and it would be shipped duty - free in Melbourne. As the Ministry of Sir James Martin had talked about not supplying a bond at Moama, with the design of injuring Echuca, of course he could not tell how far such conduct would necessitate other action on the part of the Victorian Government. He for one hoped, however, that the matter would be settled, and that if statistics showed that the colony of Victoria ought to pay more than £60,000, such would be paid ; it, however, the figures on the other hand proved that New South Wales was not entitled to that sum, then Victoria should not be called upon to pay that amount. The Liability op an Innkeeper. — The extent of the responsibility of an innkeeper for the safety of the property of his guests was argued as some length in the Sandhurst County Court lately. Mr. Crawford, of the Bath Hotel, was summoned by a man named Powell, for the recovery of about £3, the value of a quantity of clothing which the plaintiff alleged was stolen from him whilst he was boarding and lodging at the hotel. The Advertiser reports as follows " The law of the case was very plain. If the plaintiff could have proved to the satisfaction of the court that he really did lose his clothes, and that whilst he was lodging there he had entrusted the defendant with their custody, the latter would have been clearly liable under the Act ; Judge Macoboy, however, said he did not think that the plaintiff had lost the property at all. He intimated that had the plaintiff proved the case which he attempted to establish, he would cer tainly have recovered ; but seeing that he had not done so, he was nonsuited with costs. This is the first action of the kind ever brought in the Sand hurst County Court, and the principle involved is a highly important one to publicans, who would do well to peruse the following extract from Addison's 'Law of Torts': — 'A servant having been sent with goods to market, and being unable to sell them, went to an inn and asked if he could leave the goods there until next market- day. The inkeeper's wife said they were full of parcels, and declined to take charge of them. The servant then sat down in the inn, ordering some thing to drink, and put the goods on the floor im mediately behind him. When he got up again the goods were gone, and were never afterwards seen or heard of, and it was held that the inn keeper was responsible for the loss. But if a " guest come to a common innkeeper to harbor there, and he says that his house is full of guests and do not admit him, and the party says he will make shift amongst the other guests, and be there robbed of his goods, the innkeeper shall not be charged. And if a guest takes upon himself the exclusive charge of the goods which he brings into the house of an innkeeper, he cannot after wards charge the innkeeper with his loss ! " I agree," observes Lord Ellenborough, " in what is stated in Calye's case, that the mere delivery of the key of a room will not dispense with the care and attention due from the 'landlord, and that he cannot exonerate himself by merely handing a key over to his guest ; but if the guest takes the key, it is a very proper question for the jury whether he takes it animo custodiendi, and for the purpose of exempting the landlord from his liability, or whether he takes it merely because, the landlord forces it upon him, or for the sake of securing greater privacy in order to prevent per sons from intruding themselves into his room." ' " Separation of Riverina.— The Separation movement inaugurated, at the public meeting last week (observes the Albury Banner) has taken a great hold on the public mind, and will doubtless continue to grow in popularity. The people of this part of the colony are tired of hav ing their'commercial interests beaten about like a shuttlecock between the conflicting claims of Melbourne and Sydney, and even the most liberal intercolonial treaty would lose attractiveness in the eyes of those who feel that, at the best, such treaties are only like bladders, and are liable to sudden collapse at any time — or at any rate, when their short period of existence has matured. It is understood that the prosecution of further agitation for Separation will now wait for the production of exact and definite statistics on which the claims of Riverina can be substan tiated in regard to capability for a separate and effective existence as a distinct colony. Until these reliable statistics can be got together, we shall refrain from urging the matter, but the popular opinion, on a prima facie view of the . position, continues to lean most unmistakably to Separation. Hill End. — Messrs. Paxton and Holman, on the 21st instant, finished crushing 253 tons of stone, which yielded 3317 oz. 9 dwts. of gold. The claim declares a dividend of £2148 per share for thirteen weeks' work. Lamb and Co. crushed five tons seven cwt. of stone, yielding thirty ozs., at Red Hill, Tambaroora. Omadale Diggings. — We regret to hear, on reliable authority, that the diggings at Omadale Brook, in the language of the poets, have turned out " a shicer." Some of the holes, about which such glorious things were predicted, are down . 150 feet, yet no payable gold has been unearthed, and they will be abandoned. This is to be de plored, as large sums of money have been ex pended in erecting machinery and defraying expenses of the working parties. — Upper Hunter Courier, Mudgee. — A correspondent of the Herald , writing on the 23 rd instant, says : — Some few days ago this district was all excitement in prospect of a contested election, but it would appear the very name of Mr. Parkes has driven all aspirants for Legislative hobors from the field. If that gentleman will only promise to assist in bringing the iron horse this way, I an ticipate he will not have to use whip or spur to ensure an easy walk-over for the representation of Mudgee..' Nearly the whole face of the coun try about here has been swept with bush-fires, but fortunately in some localities we have been blessed with thunder- showers, which just came in time to keep our stock from actual starvation, . and from the universal and extreme heat of the weather, we may soon expect a good downpour of rain. Our, harvest is nearly all safely housed, and the crop of wheat, although somewhat light, is usually good, the grain .being plump - and large. There is no end to the large quantities of gold unearthed in this district ; and with a sufficient fall of rain to fill the dams and water- holes about Gulgong, I believe the escort returns would be 20,000 oz. at least. 