MUDGEE. IFKOM A CORRESPONDENT. | .fgv ^.—.During the past weefc me rain whicii Jias tauea rally in the district has been welcomed by all engaged *\minK operations. On Sunday last there were heavy ten and ^ BOme PIaces nail feU» although not of Lieut fize to do harm. Since then the weather has been j^gly fine, the days warm, and. the nights remarkably Id considering the time of the year. The timely rainfall !- caused the grass, which had begun to assume a burnt \rcearance, to become beautifully spring-like, and the 'entertained by many of a dry winter are entirely S?at-?-3. The eftect of the rain in the outlying districts ieen most beneficial, as the enormous growth of summer ' «™ toIhYJi had become very dry, was a constant source tnsjetv as bushfires had become very prevalent. All brehensions on this score being removed, the prospects [lie squatters, which until the past year had been very Lniv, may be said to be most encouraging, so far as the [idiiion oi their flocks and herds is concerned. Tie movements of fat cattle not having been so trainer ?1 of late, prices have assumed firmness, and the absence any material depression during the advance of the P-nn justifies the belief that the prices during the winter iiitlis will retain the steadiness whicii is now noticeable ; i moreover, the heavy drafts from the Western and irtli-western districts, for the Melbourne markets, during e pget summer, would greatly assist this result. The ires of fat sheep, and the healthy tone of this market, ? undoubtedly owing to the absorption of a considerable Nice oi the surplus stock by the various boiling-down jUiEhments throughout the colonies. The great want of edition which has been apparent in the majority of the up lict have gone into the market during the ft four or five months, is attributable mainly to the uemely wet season, and to the abundance of grass seeds, ; irritation of which tended materially to retard the ?iaiiig of the flocks. For, it is now au established fact It eheep do not thrive in wet seasons ; on the con In-, provided they can reach sufficient grass and water, ?(built having to travel too far for it, the season can litiy be too dry. Kiie demand tor store cattle still exceeds the supply, and, IqHing in localities out of reach ot a market for fat let, it is impossible to obtain any numbers of the ages |c;rta. inn majority oi rue xots now travelling are mile for the Goulburn markets, where prices are .oft as high as those obtainable in the Sydney markets Idt cattle. This diversion from the Sydney markets is ioubtedly owing to the apparent want of energy on the t of our Sydney neighbours' in not urging on the erec t i that great desideratum, Central Sale Yards. Their iblidiment, it is believed here, would cause a consider i improvement in the values of all descriptions of stock. tore sheep show some signs of improvement, and iragh the demand latterly has been tolerably active, ro Las been some difficulty in arranging prices. The 6 by the last mail is calculated to increase the confi - ceof those interested in the growth of wool, and already ?p properties, which have been almost a drug in the kei, are beginning to show signs of a reaction, and ions within a convenient distance of market, and Led with good descriptions of eheep, are assuming a de ilv firmer tone. sUle properties, however, still retain their pre-eminent lion as a favourite investment, and any that have been ed in the fattening districts have, where the reserve s have not been unreasonable, brought purchasers at i prices. liming to social matters in the district, it may be said rally that the agriculturists, if not wholly content, are ful and .persevering, and exempt from the disasters 111 have occurred iu the low lands of the colony. 