Loss of the Steamship Queen of the Thames. By the paddle-steamer Maitland, -which, arrived from Plymouth on 4th instant via the Cape of Good Hope, we learn that this magnificent liner, which left Melbourne on the 18th February, on her first return voyage to London from Melbourne, was wrecked on the night of the 17th March, to the eastward of Stray's Bay, Cape of Good Hope. The following particulars and report ot the official inquiry are extracted from the s. _ rn ? cv ? .J ? J ? ? Thef/a ^ape J-UWU 0(U/(UU7U- jimcc u-co ncic were 350 souls on board. The journal from which we quote says : — The Queen of the Thames being so disastrously wrecked on our shores we trust will not be taken as an index of the dangers of this route. Tbis magnificent steamer, the pioneer of a new line — owned by Messrs. Devitt and Moore, go well known in the Australian trade— is another case showing the danger of hugging the land too closely. A full-power steamer, well found in every respect, with nearly 350 souls onboard, adds another to the long list of disaaters,on this coa6t. From all accounts, the South African coast was olearly seen on the 16th March, tweaty-six days out from Melbourne. On the 17th, land was plainly visible, and during the day a heavy sea was Tunning. When the pas sengers retired to their cabins, about 11 p.m., the land could be seen. All were in hopes, from the supposed position of the ship, of being safely anchored in Table Bay on Satur day afternoon. But about 1.15 on Saturday morning, the 18th, the ship struck to the eastward of Struy's Bay. Never was daylight more anxiously looked for. What surprised the passengers most was the smoothness of the water after the heavy sea running a few hours previously ; it appeared as if the steamer, from the course she was steering when she struck, N. 14- W., had run out of the heavy sea, and got into a tranquil bay. When daylight broke the prospect was not a cheering one. The coast was as dreary as well could be imagined, but fortunately the sea remained smooth, and all the pas sengers were landed safely. But we regret to say Mr. Cook, the purser, who was highly respected, was drowned, as were two &ailors.; When on shore the passengers had not got over their hardships. They landed en. a desolate beach ; they had no provisions whatever, but through the energy and consideration of Mr. Danvers, the representa tive of Messrs. Barry and Nephews, those passengers who hfld families were at once conveyed to shelter, and ultimately all the passengers were forwarded to town. Before the Magistrate of Bredasdorp a Court of inquiry was held. At tbat Court the captain stated that on Friday, the 17th March, at 9 p.m., he sighted a light which he took for Cape L'Agulhas, and he then considered that he had overrun his distance. At that time he took soundings, and fcund no bottom at sixty fathoms. He attributed the loss of his ship, ' lstly, to the fixed bright light on shore, which was mistaken by myself and officers for the L'Agulhas light, thereby causing me to take and shape a course for Cape Point sooner than 1 should otherwise have done. 2ndly, the current setting in an opposite direction, and stronger in-shore than laid down in the directions, which I have subsequently ascertained to be six knots. 3rdly, to the total disarrangement of the compasses, notwithstanding the vessel having been swung at the last port — Melbourne —and furnished with a card of deviation, which my daily observations proved to be unreliable and totally at variance with the course made good.' The Magistrate of Bredasdorp acquitted all concerned of blame, but the examination was so unsatisfactory that a fresh inquiry was held as follows : — A Court was afterwards held by the acting resident magistrate of Cape Town into the circumstances connected with the wreck of the steamer Queen of the Thames ; Sir Thomas Maclear, end Lieutenant Archdeacon, of H.M.S., Sirius, as Assessors. Mr. Fairbridge appeared on behalf of Captain M'Donald. His Worship, in opening the proceedings, said the Court was held for the purpose of taking farther evidence with respect to the circumstances under which the steamer Queen of the Thames was wrecked, on the 18th of March, near L'Agulhas. Mr. Fairbridge said that on behalf of Captain M'Donald he objected to the competency of the Court in proceeding to inquire into a matter which had been already inquired into, and upon which a sentence of a duly constituted Court bad been pronounced. Mr. Fairbridge went on to quote the Acts in virtue of which Courts of this character are held, and said they contained nothing which would ' authorize the present proceeding. The steamer having been lost near Struy'B Bay on the 18th, on the 27th the Resident Magistratejof Bredasdorp, Mr. Hofmeyr, in whose division the spot was situated, acting under orders he had received from the Government, proceeded to hold a Court of inquiry. The Magistrate asked whether Mr. Fairbridge intended to prove the authority of Government. Mr. Fairbridge replied that if the Magistrate had done an illegal act he must suffer for it, but he had said he was acting under the orders of the Government. He (Mr. Fair bridge) held the matter had been already decided, and the Court had found that no blame attached to the captain, the officers, or the crew, but that the stranding of the vessel was due to the disarrangement of the compass, and to the current. Under these circumstances Captain M'Donald was present, but merely for the purpose of respectfully objecting to the competency of the Court. The Magistrate said it was distinctly provided in the Act No. 3 of 1863, that Courts of the character of that which had been held in this case did not amount to a final pro ceeding. The Governor could at any time send back a case for the reconsideration of the Court, not only as to the decision which had been come to, but with instructions to take further evidence. Mr. Fairbridge replied that if the inquiry was referred back, it muBt certainly be to the Court which took the first investigation, and that it was contrary to the spirit of the law, to justice, and to common sense that a man who had been tried and acquitted should be put upon a second trial for the game offence. The Magistrate said he was satisfied tbe Governor had the power to send back the proceedings to the Court in which they commenced, and if the Governor had resolved upon adopting that course, inasmuch as many of the officers and passengers contemplated leaving for England the next day, and the Governor being entitled to get all the evidence which was obtainable in a legitimate manner, he (the Magistrate) did not feel at liberty to refuse to follow the in structions which had been given him. The Magistrate then proceeded to read the evidence given by Captain M'Donald before the Resident Magistrate of Bredasdorp, and at its conclusion aBked whether he had anything further to add ? . Captain M'Donald : I merely appear here out of respect to your Worship and the Court, and must respectfully decline to say anything. Sir Thomas Maclear : I appear here as one of the assess ors, and 1 wish to put one or two questions, which no gentleman should refuse to answer. Was your ship put round when you were in Australia ? Captain M'Donald: With the greatest respect for the Court, and yourself as my senior, I must still state most firmly that 1 will not answer any questions whatever. The Magistrate : You refuse to answer any questions ? Captain M'Donald: I do. Sir Thomas Maclear then left the Court, and the magis trate read the evidence given at Bredasdorp by Mr. G. T. Rowe, the first officer. In reply to a question from the magistrate, Mr. Rowe said he had nothing to add to his former evidence. He was on duty about au hour before the steamer struck, half of which time the captain was With him. The Magistrate : Have you any books or papers which will show the position of the ship before she struck 'i Mr. Rowe : No. The Magistrate : Did you take any observations during the voyage? Mr. Rowe : I sometimes took an observation for my own thtMaft1611*' ^ *°°k 110 Par'; the navigation of The Clerk then tendered the Bible to Mr. Rowe, with a view to administering the oath, but that gentleman de ined to take it, until the magistrate said if the witness u I used to be sworn he should have no alternate .but to commit him. The oaih a us then administered, and the vitness said : I do not know when I took the last observa- ? tion ; 1 did not do eo after sighting the land at Receiffe ; I am unable to give any information of the position of the ship after that time, but I entered the position every day in , ' the log-book ; the last time I saw the log was after the ship had struck ; I saw a chart of the coast once ; it was the captain's ; this was the day before we sighted the land ; the captain sent to me for the log after the ship had struck, and I gave it to the messenger ; I can't say that he gave it to the captain; if 1 said in court at Bredasdorp that the log was in the boat which was upset, it must have been the case ; I never saw the ship's course marked on the chart but once ; 1 had then asked the captain to show me the chart, and he did so: I saw the course was then marked down correctly ; on the day preceding the stranding of the ship I believe she was in latitude 34*57, but I do not remember the longitude ; on the evening before the stranding I had been on watch from 6 to 1, and then went below; I returned on deck at midnight ; between 6 and 8 no report was made to me of land in sight; light could be. seen, but it was impossible to say whether it was fixed or not ; I relieved Mr. Murray, the second officer, at 12; the captain was on the bridge at this time; I imagined the light was L'Agulhas ; I cannot remember the course from 6 to 8 ; 6he was then going from six to seven knots, under steam only ; Mr. Murray reported to me when I came on deck at 12 that we had passed some high land; he did not say that land was then in sight ; I looked in the direction of the land, but could see nothing ; the ship's course was then W.N.W. by the standard compass ; her speed was ten knots according to my judgment; 1 do not know the deviation of the standard compass; I noticed nothing peculiar in the water before the ship struck ; the weather was fine at midnight, with a moderate breeze from the W.N.W. ; I never saw any azimuth observations taken ; I only kept the log going. The evidence of the second officer, Mr. Murray, was then r°.ad over, and, in reply to the Magistrate, he said he had EothiBg to add to that statement. The Magistrate : Did you assist in working the ship ? I decline to answer any questions. I have been tried once in the colony, and that is quite enough for me for the same offence. The Magistrate : Without disputing that, I must ask you to take the oath. Mr. Murray : I am advised not to answer any ques tions. The Magistrate : Then I must commit you. Mr. Murray : I suppose there is somo law to fall back upon for protection. The Magistrate : I shall now proceed to read the other evidence, and shall leave the question as to yourself and the captain, who hare declined to answer any questions, for the present. The evidence of John Harris and James Dulryple was read. The latter was further examined and said : — I was an able seaman on board the Queen of the Thames ; and was on duty from 10 to 12 on the night of the 17th ; 1 saw land on the starboard beam on going on deck at 10 ; I was on the port bow ; James Hill waa on the starboard bow; I saw no land ahead; Harris re lieved me. James Hill was called, but did not answer, and no other witnesses being forthcoming, the magistrate_ in quired whether the captain and Mr. Murray persisted in their refusal to answer any questions ? The captain replied he did. Mr. Murray had in the meantime left the court. The Court then adjourned until Tuesday morning. The official inquiry into the circumstances connected with the wreck of the steamer Queen of the Thames was resumed on Tuesday morning, March 28. The Magistrate was again assisted by Sir Thomas Maclear and Lieutenant Archdeacon, but neither Captain M'Donald nor any of the officers of the ship were present. The following additional evidence was taken : — George Woodruff Goyder : I am Surveyor-General of South Australia, and was a passenger by the Queen of the Thames ; during the voyage we published a newspaper on board, to which I contributed; 1 obtained from the captain a statement showing each day's latitude and longitude, the course, the distance run, and the direction of the wind, which I tabulated : these particulars were published up'to the 16th ; I obtained the returns for the 17th, but they were not published; in consequence of our anticipated arrival in Table Bay, the last paper, which was dated the 18th, was read on the evening of the 17th; the returns for the 17th were chalked up on a board in the usual manner ; 1 took the figures from the board ; observa tions were taken during the voyage by the cap tain, and the second, third, and fourth mates ; one of the junior officers used to - put up the board ; the return for the 17th was latitude 34*53 S., longitude 21*38 E., course W. ; I spent the afternoon of the 17 th in preparing the newspaper ; in the evening we had an entertainment, and I went to bed ; I noticed before going to bed that the course had been altered, but I do not know at what hour this was done ; the ship was Bteering N.W. judging by the stars ; 1 went to bed at half-past 10 ; I was very anxious, and said to another passenger that I wished the night was over ; I had seen the shore and a map of the coast, and I knew the course we were steering ; the map I saw was an ordinary one, and about two feet square ; I saw a light on shore a little before 8 that even ing ; it seemed to me to have a halo around it ; it was a fixed light, but did not look like that of a lighthouse ; at that time the light was on the starboard beam; we could now and then make out the land on the starboard beam ; we saw no land on the Btarboard bow ; in the evening during the entertainment, which consisted of music and reading, the captain announced that L'Agulhas light was abeam ; after the entertainment, I went on deck ; 1 did not then see a light on the land ; the night was hazy towards the land, and there was no moon ; after 1 had been in bed some time, I was awoke by a passenger who said the ship was on shore ; I don't thin^ the ship could have made more than six knots from noon on the 17th until I went to bed ; the wind was against us ; 1 saw the patent log dragging behind on the previous day ; I did not hear any report made to the officer in charge on the 17th as to the speed of the ship ; I never saw an azimuth observation taken on board ; I have had a good deal of experience in, and am professionally ac quainted with the taking of observations ; I often tested the steering compass ; it was about four and a half points out ; I never looked at the standard compass on the bridge ; 1 am accustomed to take observations ; supposing the ship was heading due west, then the compass would shew N.W. by N. ; this I ascertained by glancing at the compass, and not by observations ; after the ship had struck, I took bearings from the sliore, and found she was heading magnetic N., 14\. W.; the true bearing would be nearly N.W. ; I never saw any comparisons made of the compasses. John Baylis Burkitt : I was a saloon passenger by the Queen of the Thames; 1 took notes during the voyage of the particulars of the ship's position; at noon oa 17th of March, the ship was in latitude 31*33 S., longitude 21*38; number of miles run, 240 ; on the 16th the latitude was 34*24, longitude 26.21 ; on leaking again at my notes, I am not sure the latitude on the 17th was not 34*53 ; I am disposed to think the latter is correct ; the distance run on the 16th was also 240 miles; during the afternoon of the 17th I frequently looked at the compass, and saw it pointed to about N.W ; about 8 o'clock p.m. I saw a light in the direction of the outline of the shore ; it appeared a long way off, and was indistinct ; I then went below, and remained there until about 10.30, when I went on deck ; I then found the ship close on a lee shore ; the shore was on the star board beam, not more than half-a-mile off ; 1 called the attention of a midshipman named Tyler to it ; at first he denied that it was the shore, but I convinced him, and Mrs. M'Donald, the captain's wife, who occupied a deck-cabin, directed that her husband should be called ; I went forward but could ree no land ahead, and having returned to the soloon-deck, I heard the captain order Mr. Murray, who was in charge of the ship, to give her a point to port ; his words were, ' One point to port Mr. Murray repeated the words, and the captain said them again ; on looking at my notes, I see the words were,' Another point to port;' the order was repeated three times ; 1 did not then look at the compass ; about 11 o'clock I went below ; after giving his orders the captain went away ; the land was still in sight on the starboard beam when I went below, but I was I partly satisfied, as we were bearing off it ; I was asleep when the ship struck, but was awoke by the first shock ; there were two distinct shocks ; I was putting my clothes on when the second thrck was felt ; I immediately went on deck, the ship was'still forging ahead, but the engines were shortly revttscd ; the ship's way was stopped by the reef.; from the time of the second shock theship was ou the reef ; and bumped with every swell ; I think my estimate that the land was half a mile off before the ship's course was altered is correct. The inquiry was then adjourned sine die. The Briton left with many of the passengers, and amongst them was Mr. Moore, of the firm whicb owned tbat ill-fated vessel. His consideration and attention to the wants of the passengers are most deservedly highly spoken of. No shipowner could have been more generous. We have rarely heard of such generosity. Had it have pleased the owners they couH have left the passengers after the wreck to shift for themselves, and find their way to England as they best could. Instead of this, Mr. Moore arranged for the transport of the passengers to town, and provided them with passages to England in the very best class of steamers obtainable. The Briton took a large number, and so does the Good Hope which follows her. Those passengers who did not leave by the Briton were down at tbe Dock to bid farewell to them, and the expres sions of thankfulness to Mr. Maore for all his kindness were most hearty and universal. The Standard of April 13 says : — The steamer Bismark arrived in Table Bay on Monday morning, and at once steamed into dock, from Struy's Bay, laden with a portion of the cargo of the Queen of the Thames, consisting mainly of wool. Most of the bales are more or less damaged by water, and in many instances the iron bands have become broken by the swelling of the contents. Some of the bales were so much heated that it was deemed wise to open them immediately they had been landed, and allow them to cool in the fresh air. During Monday aad Tuesday the unload ing of the Bismark proceeded vigorously, and yesterday she started on another trip to the wreck. The general im pression is that the purchasers of the wreck will make a good thing of it if the present fine weather pre vails a little longer. The stranded vessel holds together, and her machinery and fittings are in first-rate condition. There are about a' hundred men on board, and with the aid of the ship's donkey-engine the cargo is being rapidly got out of the hold. The wool which has reached Cape Town is of very superior quality, and is sure to command good prices in the London market. Some are sanguine that the vessel will be got off the reef without any great trouble. Her stern is now in eighteen feet of water, and as the work of discharging proceeds, and the two pumps which have been lent to the buyers by the Table Bay Har bour Board are in full swing, ehe will become more buoy ant. Even if the Queen of the Thames is doomed to lay her bones in Struy's Bay. it is believed enough will be got out of her to pay a handsome profit to those who have entered into tbe speculation. In addition to the Bismark, the schooner Santos is also employed in attendance upon the wreck, and is about to proceed to the spot with a lot of supplies of different kinds. The passengers by the vessel held a meeting, at which they passed resolutions thanking the officers and the crew for their courage, coolness, and bravery in saving lives aud goods. A subscription was started to remunerate those brave men for the loss of their baggage whilst attending to that belonging to the passengers, and within ten minutes £60 in sovereigns were paid down. It is believed that the subscription list, when it closes, will show twice that sum. Some of the crew behaved iu the most ruffianly manner. Passengers' luggage waB ransacked and valuables stolen. Every effort is being made to bring these dastardly thieves to punishment. I he Queen of the Thames cleared Port^Phillip Heads on February 18, at 6 p.m.. with the following passengers : — Sa- loon : Mr. and Mrs. Mooreand servant, Mrs. Macdonald, Hon. Charles Cowper, C.M.G., Mrs. Cowper, Miss Cowper, Mr. and Mrs. R. Daintree, Master A. Daintree, Miss Daintree, Master H. Daintree, Miss L. Daintree, Miss Foote, Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Thomson, Master Thomson, Miss Thom son, Miss M. Thomson, Master J. Thomson, Master A. Thomson and servant ; Miss Morrison, Mrs. Girdwood, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Laing, Master Laing, Miss Laing, Miss M. Laing, Miss P. Laing, Miss E. Laing, and two servants ; Mr. and Mrs. David Ogilvy, Miss Ogilvy, and Miss E. Ogilvy. Rev. W. S. Wilson and Mrs. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Harrington, Master Harrington, Master T. F. Har rington, Miss C. C. Harrington, and servant; Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Stewart, Mrs. M'Connel, Miss M'Connel, Masters M'Connel (two), Mr. and Mrs. E. K. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Oliver; Mr. and Mrs. Wentwortk, child, and servant; Mrs. G. M. Milne and Miss Milne, Mrs. Newman and Miss Newman, Mrs. Cleveland, Mrs. David Falk, Miss Clarke. Mrs. Porter, Miss Porter, Mrs. Robert son, Miss Howe, Miss Freer, Miss E. Freer, Messrs. G. W. Goyder, J. H. Dardell, H. Bain, G. Synnot, J. B. Burkitt, E. B. Robertson, T. Willis, E. Spans, B. H. Spann, F. Boyes, L. G. Murray, T. C. Loveridge, S. R. Traill, G. Armytage, A. Braysher, Salis Falk, C. Ander son, A. F. Wileman, A. T. Tolley, H. R. M'AIpin, J. T. Wallace ; and 87 in the second and 20 in the third class. Her cargo consisted of 1698 bales wool, 102 bales leather, 415 blocks antimony, 3 quarter-casks 16 cases wine, 11 packages effects, 3500 cases preserved meats, 100 casks butter, 2208 cakes copper, 20 packages exhibits, 2 packages organs, 80 pipes 264 casks tallow, 2 cases wool samples, 130 casks treacle, 1 case jewellers' sweepings, 3 cases drapery and silks, 1 quarter-cask rum, 2 cases cocoons, 9 packages sundries, 2 boxes containing 2514 oz. 1 dwt. 10 grs. gold, and 1 box containing 3000 so'vereigns. Tbe following passengers left Cape Town for London per R.M.S. Briton on March 20:— Mr. Synnot, Mr. Dardel, Mr. Robertson, Mr. Willes, Mr. and Mrs. Oliver ; Mr. and Mrs. Wentworth, infant, and nurse; Mr. C. Eenrick; Hon. Mr., Mrs., and Miss Cowper; Mr. and Mrs. DaiAtree and infant, Miss Daintree and 4 children ; Mr. and Mrs. Thomson, governess, 6 children, and ser vant; Mrs. Girdewood, Mrs. Cleveland; Mr. aud Mrs. Laing, 6 children, and 2 servants ; Rev. W. J. and Mrs. Wilson, Master Trail, Mr. Goyder, Messrs. Murray, Boyce, Jolly, Wallace, Birkett, and Iirothier, Mr. Span Ton, Messrs. Falk and Anderson, Mrs. Newman and child, Mrs. Falk, Miss Claik, Mrs. Trout, MisseB Freer (2), Messrs. Harper, Parelow, Hayes, M'Master, Hodgett, and Hunter, Mr. M'Donald, Mrs. Kearney and 4 children, Miss Ban field ; Dr. and Mrs. Thomas, Miss Thomas, and 2 children ; Mr. Williams, Mr. Lambert, Mr. H. C. Williams, Mr. Liddle, Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Lambert. The wreck and cargo were ultimately sold, everything in cluded, for £15,000, and were purchased by a, company of Port Elizabeth mercha lite. A second inquiry was held, and resulted in an acquittal of all parties concerned. Appended is the statement of the captain and his officers, together with other items of interest in connection with this catastrophe : — Captain M'Donald, sworn, states : I am the commander of the British steamship Queen of the Thames ; Bhe stranded on Saturday morning, the 18th March, close to Struys Point, about fifteen miles to the eastward ; the tonnage of the vessel is 2617, or thereabouts; I am a native of Scotland, in the county of Morayshire ; I took my final departure from Plymouth on or about the 20th November last, and I arrived at Melbourne in fifty-five days from that date safely, nothing further occurring on my way than the disarrangement of my com pas -es during my voyage ; I took every means by sun and stars, but they were never twenty four hours correct ; one compass, I might say, might be bending south, and another west, and another probably north-east ; no disaster happened on the voyage ; I have been on the eastern track all my life ; I have been twenty eight years at sea ; I entered sb a boy some seventeen years of age ; altogether I have been twelve years a commander, mostly to Calcutta and to Mel bourne—not as master, but as mate; 1 took a cargo at Melbourne, consisting of molasses, tallow, hides, copper ore, wool, gold, sovereigns, specie, and other articles of merchandise ; 1 cannot say the general value ; I sailed from Melbourne on the 18th February last, at 1 o.m. ; I had a prosperous voyage up to the time of tho accident ; I first saw land on the 17th March, at 3.30 p.m., making the land within a mile of my calculation ; I am acquainted with the coast, and considered myself acquainted with the danger of the current, and made due allowance for the same ; according to the best of my judgment, it was about thirty-five miles when I first sighted land ; immediately I made Cape Recif, I took observations, which proved my former calculations were correct; I was steering west by south ; such is the correct course for the coast; on that day I did not approach nearer to the coast, but gradually drew off; about sunset I lost sight of the coast entirely; it was a moderately clear night, and I could have distinguished the coast had we been near enough,— I mean at sunset ; tbe above are all nautical times ; when we next saw land \vas noon on Friday ; could I have seen it distinctly I believe I should have known it; but there 'was a haz© over the land; it was owing to the formation of the coast that we came near land again, having kept file eime course ; on that day at noon I took observations by six different chronometers, and the greatest between the six was one and three-quarter mile, moan . of the six being only a quarter of a mile from standard j chronometer ; it is an unusual thing for a ship to have eix chronometers ; I believe they are all on shore ; fro* thence 1 shaped my course for Cape L'Agulhas, bearing ' from fifteen to eighteen miles ; she did not get further to the westward than the spot where we struck ; about 9 o'clock p.m. I sighted the land, and & light whioh I took to be Cape L'Agulhas ; I kept on my course for about au hour or mere, and then shaped a course for the Cape of Good Hope, steering west and by north, northerly, being ' fully persuaded that the light I saw was L'Agulhas, being a fixed bright light, and considered that I had overran my distance ; I did not simply rely on my own judgment, but consulted all my officers as to the nature of the light, and even sent an officer aloft, Mr. Murray, tha eecond officer, with the night glasses, who con firmed me in my opinion ; all the officers saw tho light ; I believe I was keeping my proper distance from the coast ; I took soundings, and found no bottom at the depth of about sixty fathoms ; four hours afterwards I took another cast, with the same result; then I did not see land after that time until the time of the accident, which occurred about 1 a.m. or 1.15 a.m. ; on the morning of Saturday, the 18th March, nothing unusual waa observed ; at the time I felt the ship strike, I was taking, my usual round in the saloon to see that all lights were out ; two nights before, one of the state rooms was found in a blaze ; at tbe time of the accident, the cMef officer, Mr. Rowe, was in charge ; since I left London my standing orders were that I should be called every two hours, and I believe no longer time elapsed between my visits on deck ; immediately I felt the vessel strike, I went on deck and took charge of the ship out of the officer's command ; the first order was for the engines to go astern foil speed, and I sent for the carpenter to sound the several compartments ; I also sent for the chief engineer, and begged of him to use every means at his disposal and give her an extra pressure of steam to back her off ; I should think the ship was draw ing about 18|- feet of water ; when the pumpB were sounded ; in the fore- compartment there were 3 or 4 leet of water, and the other compartments comparatively nothing ; the num ber of the ship's company was 110 aU. told ; it was very dark' when the ship struck ; breakers were observed about a cable's length ahead of the ship; shortly after the ship struck the land was discovered, which loomed a long way off ; as seon as practicable every preparation was made for landing passengers and crew ; 1 sounded round the ship and found her fast as far as the mizzen mast ; I believe one of the officers has the particulars of the soundings ; in. the hurry of the moment I cannot recollect what they were ; I landed every soul safe with the exception of the purser, who waB capsized in the afternoon in attempting to land in a boat put off from the shore ; I may state that the purser hud all the ship's papers and accounts with him, and I be lieve they were all lost, including my certificate ; I think the number of my certificate was 2161 ; it was high water at the time of the accident ; owing to the great impetus of the ship it was some time before her way could be stayed, and she was by that time on the beach inside the reef; when she first struck the reef it was about a mile and a half from the shore ; I form this opinion from subsequent observation ; I consider she is about one mile from high-water mark now; the tide rises and falls inside, and at high-water, there is about sixteen feet of water in the hold ; I attribute the Ioeb of my ship to the great disarrangement .of my compasses, nnd the very strong aud uncertain current ; I also consider the strong bright fixed light observed by myself and officers was sufficient to deceive any ship master, more especially from myself having run my dis tance ; the light was observed close to shore, and was' then distant ten or twelve miles ; the vessel was built in 1870, under my own instructions, for Messrs. Devitt and Moore and others ; I have an interest in the vessel, 8-6i, registered in name of John Napier, which is only partially insured; I estimate my share at about £10,000 ; I am not certain, but consider not more than half is covered by insurance; I be lieve the passengers, with the exception of three, are all either in or on their way to Cape Town, and arrangements have been made to forward them to their port of destina . tion ; I believe the remaining owners of the ship are in sured in about the same ratio as myself, but cannot speak with any certainty; in addition to the inte rest in the ship, I had among the passengers my wife on board ; in conclusion, I attribute the loss of the ship to the three facts previously mentioned : — 1st, the fixed bright light on the shore, which was mistaken by myself and officers for the L'Agulhas light, thereby causing me to take and shape a course for Cape Point sooner than I should otherwise have done ; 2ndly, the current setting in an opposite direction, and stronger in shore than laid down in the directions, which I have subsequently ascertained to bo six knots ; 3rdly, to the total disarrangement of the compasses, notwithstanding the vessel having been swung at the last port at Melbourne, and furnished with a card of deviation, which my daily observations proved to be unreliable and totally at variance with the course made good. Thomas Frank Rowe, duly sworn, states : I am the chief officer on board the ship Queen of the Thames ; I joined her at Melbourne, and have been in her about two months ; the vessel is How stranded at the place locally known as Klippestrand ; nothing particularly occurred during the voyage ; on Thursday, the 16th March, at about 3.30 p.m., we sighted Cape Recif; I believe I took no part in navigating the ship ; it is not usual for the chief officer to do so ; 1 kept the log ; I believe the book was lost with the capsizing of the boat, when I was landing ; I am quite sure it was in the boat, and has not been found since ; I may mention it was lost at the same time that the purser was drowned ; I cannot swear it was Cape Kecif we sighted first, but in the even ing we again lost sight of land, and did not sight land again until we struck ; at about 8 o'clock on Friday night, we observed a bright fixed light which we supposed to be L'Agulhas ; it was my watch below between the hours of 8 o'clock and 12 o'clock when I again came on deck and took command of the ship ; from the time of my relieving watch, 12 o'cIock, up to the time of the stranding, which was about 1 o'clock a.m. on Saturday, the 18th March last, I did not observe land, as there was a haze along the ahpre and a dark cloud above ; just before the accident we were steering west-north- west, true course ; I was under the im pression, from the course set, that we had papsed L'Agulhas ; the captain was on deck when I came up at 12 o'clock, and Btayed with me half-an-hour ; before going below, he told me he waa keeping h9r half a point more to the westward, in order to keep clear of everything ; land was not visible, nor had it been reported to me [as visible by the man on the look out; before eight o'clock no soundings were taken; lam not aware whether any were taken afterwards ; soundings might have been taken without my knowing of it ; when I came on deck at twelve o'clock, the 6hip was under steam only, and going about ten knots ; tho first notice I had of the accident was the ship grating on the bottom; I was near the man at the wheel at the time, walking towards the bridge ; immediately I felt the grating, the third officer, Mr. Clark, telegraphed to the engine-room to full speed astern, which was done ; he then loosened all top-sails to try and back her off, the wind being right off the land, the vessel bent in her own length before she could be stopped immediately ttie vessel struck, the captain came on the bridge, ana took charge, and cleared away to get boats ready and sounded all round the ship ; I found three fathoms amidships, the point where the vessel was fast ; at daylight, we commenced landing passengers ; all hands left_ the ship excepting myself, purser, and chief engineer, also several cuddy servants; we landed in the evening in one of our boats sent off from the shore; the boat was capsized on the passage, when the purser, Mr. Cox, was drowned, having with him most of the ship's papers, accounts, and money, which were all lost. The vessel, I consider, is about a mile from the shore ; I left the scene of the wreck yesterday, the 26th March ; she was about in the same position, possibly a little closer ; when we sounded the pumps, I do not remem ber that there was much water, but now there are sixteen feet of water in her at high tide ; I believe that a consider able portion of her bottom is out, from the fact of some cargo and istores having washed on shore ; I attributed the loss of the ship to the adverse and uncertain current and the general disarrangement of the compasses ; she is an iron ship with iron masts and yards and steel rigging ; I hold a master's certificate myself, and in my opinion the ship was properly managed and navigated, and every proper , measure taken after the accident for the saving of the ship, life,. and cargo. ' At tbe suggestion of the agents of Lloyd's, tbe magistrate & tbe question whether witness ever saw the captain k or intemperate ? Witness : No, never. Augustas Berny Murray, awara, states : I am second cffieer on board the Queen of the Thames ; I joined toe ?hip while abe waa bnikling at Glasgow ; I hold a chief cfiScer'a certificate, and went in the ship to Melbourne aa officer; nothing particular occurred dunng the ?voyage out excepting the general disarrangement of the tonipannrn which are used on board ef iron ships}; we arrived at Melbourne on or about the 16th January last, discharged, and took in cargo, and left again -m or about the 18th February, and up to Thursday, the 16th inatant, made a fairly prosperous voyage ; on that day we first sighted land about Cape fieof ; I think we were about thirty-five miles distant ; not having worked out the obser vations, I cannot say positively ; there was a haze over the '?«* at the time ; I cannot say how_ we were then eteering, although it waa my watch on deck; we were steering along the coast, a little .off ; at sundown we lost right ef land? and made the land again the following day a low? distanoe off, scarcely visible —certainly more than thirty miles ; an hour after we were out of eight of land again, and keeping off. On Friday evening, the 17th instant, at § o clock, I observed a large fire onshore, a bush fire, also a very bright fixed lieht which I supposed to be the light of Cape L'Agulhas ; it was to the westwtrdof the bush-fire, and about twelve miles off; we lost sight of the light at about 11 o'clock, when it was bearing four points abaft the beam; there were two men on the look-out, ene on either bow ; the look outs had not reported land ; I fancied I could see land, but as it was hazy and a cloudy sky, I might have been mis taken, particularly knowing that land was to starboard ; I reported my opinion to the captain, who altered the course about two points and a half by our compasses, dead to sea ward; I went below at 12 o'clock and slept; I was awoke liy the vessel striking, and immediately went on deck in my ehirt ; I found the captain on the bridge ; from the Hme of our first seeing land until the vessel struck, the vessel waB under steam only ; the first order I rooeived from the captain was to get the boats ready for landing ; when I came on deck the engines had been reversed, and orders were given to set the topsails, which was done, to assist the engines to endeavour to back her off ; I do not think Bhe backed at all ; at 5 o clock on Saturday morning we commenced landing the passengers and crew j all bands were landed excepting purser, who was drowned) two of the ship s company, in attempting to go off again to the Bhip, contrary to orders, were drowned by the capsizing of the boat; I consider the captain did everything that was proper and necessary both before and after the accident ; I have been twenty-one years at sea, ten of which I have been an officer; I have made several voyages to the east ward, but this is my first to the southern colonies; I jnurfntod the captain in navigating the ship ; I consider the captain an excellent navigator, and was unremitting in his attention to his duties ; 1 can only attribute the accident to the fact of the unsteadiness of our compasses, the deception of the light ebserved, which I consider was capable of misleading any shipmaster, and tbe very strong adverse ; current which must have been running at the time ; I have sailed with the captain for upwards of four years, and during tbat time 1 can state tbat I never knew him to be out of his calculation in making land. Since I have known Captain M'Donald, be has always been a very temperate man; I am sure he was quite sober at the time of the accident; the offioere of the ?hip, as well as the quarter-master who was at the wheel at the time of the aocident, I consider steady, able, and efficient men ; 1 saw the ship yesterday for the last time, and it was reported to me that she had sixteen feet of water in her at high tide ; I was on board her last Thurs day ; she had then ten feet of water in her boldat ebb-tide ; in my opinion, she is a total wreck. Other witnesses were also examined, but their evidence does not materially affect the above. The following decision was then given : — ' The Court finds tbat there is no blame to be attacked either to the captain or any one of the mates, bot any of tbe crew on board ; attributing the cause of the stranding of the iron British ship Queen of the Thames, — firstly, to the disarrangement or deviation of the compasses on board ; seoondly, to the unsteadiness and uncertainty of the current in that locality ; thirdly, to a bright fixed light, and a bush-fire that was buraing before the accident, and which was calculated to mislead the managers of that vessel. The Court has therefore no reason for cancelling or suspending the certificates of either the captain or any of the mates, but is of opinion tbat they are respectively entitled to retain the same. — J. H. Hofmeyr.' The scene at the sale of the wreck of the Queen of the Thames on Strays Bay beach was quite a lively one. Cape Town merchants were there to the number of about a dozen, and others from S.wellendam, and Mossel Bay, and all the country round. The Bismark was in the offing, and only one of her passengers from Algoa Bay ventured ashore. This was Mr. Lippert, and his pluck and daring i& venturing in a life-boat through the surf were much admired by every one. Mr. Danvers, of the firm of Barry and Nephews, officiated as auctioneer. Several of the goods on board, as indicated by the manifest, were first put up in detail, and very high prioea — in some cases ab surdly high prices — were offered. Afterwards the whole was put up in one lot. The Cape Town merchants had formed a sort of alliance or com pany, Bome twelve of them agreeing to take £1500 a-pieca. The bidding became extremely spirited between these on the one side and the Fort Elizabeth gentlemen *on the other, for whom, however, the bidder was a Mr. Miller, of Mossel Bay. When the figure rose to £15,000, one or two of the Western men began to hesitate and flinch; and thereupon the whole affair was knocked down to tbe Port Elizabeth company, among whom, however, we are in formed that two Cape Town merchants and one Mossel Bay merchant have shares. If the weather holds on at all favourable, they will reap a very handsome harvest from the venture they have made. The latest accounts from the place report that tbe vessel is holding together very firmly, and likely to do so for a week or two at least. The Bailors having been accused of robbery and wanton destruction of luggage, the following letter was addressed fcy a number ef them to the Cape Argus : — ' In a notice of the wreck of tbe Queen of the Thames in the Argus of March 26, we find some very untrue and unfair remarks on the conduct of tbe sailors to tbe passengers. It is said that most of the sailors belonging to the vessel, instead of doing what they oould to assist the passengers, did all in their power to annoy them. It is further insinuated that the boxes and trunks were tampered with or plundered. Now, sir, on our own behalf, and on behalf of the crew, we give thiB statement the most emphatic and complete contradiction. So far from annoying pas sengers, we did all in our power to secure tbe safe custody of fhe passengers and their baggage from the ship to the shore. Even if some of tbe crew misconducted themselves, that is no reason why all be blamed for the faults of a few. But we ourselves observed nothing in the conduct of any of them to call for these censures, and we think it very hard and unjust they be made. Hoping you will insert this in justioe to the sailors, we remain, sc., James Freeman, boatswain's mate ; James Bussev, John Herbert, George Castle, Francis Brown, Frederick Rhode, James Dalrymple, Randal Weaver, Samuel Lowe, George Tree, 8. John, John Lord, William Allen, Joseph Boss, James Hill. Cape Town. 29th March, 1871.' Of tbe conduct of the ladies and other passengers during the time when they knew not what fate was impending, a passenger thus speaks,—' The shock of the vessel strik ing, ana bumping, and grinding amid the breakers, of course roused -ul the passengera. The ladies and children ] all got up and dressed, awaiting the unknown perils im pending over them. Ibe equanimity among tkem was wonderful, and the officers of the shin were equally prompt and ready, awaiting the break of daylight.' It appears there were four persons drowned. The par ticulars of the occurrence are as follows On the Son day mornicg after the wreck, a boat containing ten men, including the purser, Mr. Cox, put off from die shore with the intention of going en board the wreck for the chip'e papers, bid she had not got far when a heavy roller struck her, capdzang(the men into the water. 8ix of than managed to reach the land, but in a very exhausted state, so aradi so that it was only with great oare and attention that they were brought round again. The other four, how ever, were drowned. They were Mr. Cox, ship's purser ; Bams (Did Laeey, stewards ; and one seaman. 