LECTURE ON FORESTS. Dr. Mueller delivered a lecture at the Melbourne Technological Museum on Thursday evening upon Forest Culture, in its relation to industrial pur suits. He commenced by explaining the relation of forests to And their influence ripon climate, water supply, and the various resources and industries which they supplied. The arrangements with respcct to the forests of north and middle Kurepe would be applicable only to a small extent here. He advocated the appointment of special forest boards for each district, whose duty it should be to watch over and superintend the proper keeping of the forests in their respective neighborhoods. Jiy these means not only would the wood be saved, but a far lirger revenue would be gained from the forests than had hitherto been obtained. Ho pointed out the necessity of securing fit places with springs in .ill the ranges for local forest nurseries immediately, before every available spot was alienated from the Crown. The amount of wood consumed yearly was utterly disproportionate to that growing, and during the last year nearly a quarter of a million was spent for imported wood. In anticipation of forest culture many public insti tutions had received gifts of plants amounting in all to ever half a million, and from these seeds could be gradually obtained. There were many kinds of trees, such as the oak, pine, &c.;, used in shipbuilding and carpentering, which were at pre* sent supplied from Europe and North America. But this supply could not last for ever, and there were even now indications of its running short, so that if these trees were introduced into this country and properly attended to, in course of time a new source of industry might be opened up. In addition to the timber sacrificed by man, another cause of destruction was by bushfires, through which annually a large amount of wood was de stroyed. He then alluded to various uses to which different trees might be turned, and explained the way of preparing potash, and also its percentage in the colonial woods. He referred to the manner in which wood tar, vinegar and spirit, and other pro ducts of the forest were obtained, and described the mode of burning wood into charcoal, and preparing it for gunpowder. He touched alie upon other points, such as the oil obtainable from gum trees, and the ready sale which the seeds of those trees would meet iu woodless countries elsewhere, where the formation of new forests wheie none existed was thought desirable. He mentioned that on some of the ranges in the colony the tea plant might be grown to advantage and profit, and he recommended a reservation of portions of the ranges for that purpose, and also for the forming of forests of cork, red cedar, pine woods, &c.; He MUggested that alon^ the hundreds of miles of mil way, where fenced in, trees and plants might be placed. He stated that in East Gippsland Peru bark trees could be grown. A number of plants, and & great variety, of yeung forest trees, and preparations from wood, were exhibited, as was also a bore- spade for lifting a number of seedlings at the one time. . Towards the conclusion the lecturer referred to the responsibility which rested upon the present generation to hand down to their descendants the forests, which so greatly influenced the climate and soil of the country, in u state which if not like that in which they had received them, at any rate approached to it as nearly as possible. The lecturer was several times applauded, and a vote of thanks was accorded to him, and the proceedings then terminate!. -An e. Rotal Development.—Talk of the law o£ natural selection, we are glad to see it allowed to govern the marriage of a British princess with tin heir of a British peer. This is a great improvement oil the rule of non-natural selection by which German husbands have hitherto been wont to be chosen for our Royal spinsters. Happily, too, natural selection, in tlio present instance, will not bo accompanied by struggle for oxistonce.—Punch. A Fact for Caiutlb.—The earliest manifestations of hero-worship, of which we havo notice in any record anciont or modern, was on the part of a young Greek enthusiast of the name of Leander.—Punch. Madame Path's Russian CAStPAiay.— Madame Patti, who has achieved so marvel lous a success in Russia, has (says tlio Siicle) imitated some of the diplomatists of that hospitable country, by announcing that she no longer considers herself bound by a cer tain treaty into which she had entered. This treaty bound her to appear at the Italian Opera in Paris on the'15tli of the month of March, for which sho would have received a trilling sum of 4,000f. a night, but what is this to a lady who recoives a bouquet of jewels oil her benefit night worth li!,000f., besides a present from the subscribers of diamonds worth '10,000f. ? The boxes on that grand occasion were lot at GOOf. each, and the only drawback to tlio evening must have been tlio fact that the songstress was called seventy-iivo times before the curtain, besides being sent for three times to the Emperor's box, honors which, if often ropeated, would maka strength of limb as necessary to tlio prima i/oivia as beautv of voice. A " Vouno Lion'1 Eloquent. — "Shine out, fair sun!" for she is coming—the Princess-Bride ! The drums outside rattle salute, the organ rolls forth Mendelssohn's grand march in " Athalie," and to the beauti ful music paces in tho fair central group of all this grandeur and state—-tlio bride and bridesmaids. Her Majesty the Queen is walking at tho aide of her daughter; herself being at tended by the Prince of Wales in his uni form as Colonel of the Tenth Hussars, and by the Duke of Suxe-Coburg, brother of the late Prince Consort. Tho Sovereign wears her robe of mourning black velvet, but it is shaped somewhat in a festal fashion, and trimmed with white and violet; while a long veil hangs over it, fastened by the tiara of dia monds oil Her Majesty's head. The lloy.il bride is exquisitely attired in white satin and long white yelvet train borne by the eight noble maidens—four on each siilo—who thcmseltea wear robes of white silk. The ornamonta of tho lnido's dress are all of orange blossoms and green leaves, and a cloud of llonitou lace covers, without hiding, her hair and figure. Upon her throat is tho necklace and upon her wrist the diamond bracelot presented by the loyal borough of Windsor. The bridesmaids wear no veils, and have their dresses adorned with necklets and sashes of roqoa and g;r©Gn sprays. — Daily ItUgraph, 