DESTRUOTIVE BUSH-FIRES AT 1MOTUNT *GAMIIBIER. IFroil the Border WYatch, April1 1.) FOnTUNATELY, it is very seldom that the diatriot is' swept by bush-fires so unmanageable and so.destriu tive as those that devastated it so extensively. on Tuesday last. On that day, in addition to the very great heat --it being in Mount Gambier 130"8' in'.the sun, and 12.2 in the shade-there was a very strong hot wind which drove the fiery element with a strength and a rapidity whihob rendered resistance in mostaeses out of the question. The fire that caused most apprehension in Mount Gambler was an im.. mense'one that commenced in the forest beyond Compton. The wind was in a direction that could' not fail to bring it down upon the farmers at Caomp ton Downs before the close of the day, unless it veered toward the east. This caused serious alarm to the residents in that quarter, and some of them sought assistancd in the Mount at an early hour in the morning. Their solicitations were in some measure responded to, and a considerable number of. men waited, in case of an emergency, on the exposed side of the farms. The fouears entertained were only too well grounded. Shortly after midday the fire? which was' several miles wide, invaded the Beitaira estate. and immediately after several of the farms. All the efforts of tho meon collected to oppose its progress wore unavailing; it entered the farms of Mr. Paltridge, Mrs. Barry, Mr. Woalgott, and Mr. Al. Morrison, destroying an immense quantity" of fencing and grass. Mr. Walegott's loss is estimated at fully £200, and Mr. Morrison's loss in grass and feoncing is also very considerable. 'he flro swept over a considerable area of the Bonaira run, destroy inig a large quantity of fencing, and running close up to the head station. So many of the telegraph poles on the line of the fire were burnt down that communication between Mount Gambier and Ade Isid' was stopped for the greater part of two days. While this fire was doing its work in one locality another gigantic one was observable directly north wards' from Mount Gambier. We learned that it burned a large extent of country north of the Six mile Ion.. Indeed it was with considerable difliculty that it was prevented from doing damage to Mr. Adame's property. Besides the damage done by these fires which arose on the uncultivated country, not a little was occasioned by the burning of stubble. I'ho total destruction of the property of the Misses Sutherland recorded in our last issua resulted from this.' 'A tree -on the farm had remained alight, and it was the sparks from it being carried into thc'bush'= fe?e which did the mischief. Losses quite as seori ous were oceaoionsd in other places through the. ntubblo being fired. W refeor to the"loss oustained bsy Messrs O.' Spehr, Greenberg, and Fetz of Yahl Paddock.. One of themi it appears, just sat fir8 to his stubble, when a strong gust of wind put the flames dompletoly beyond his control, and it swept over. the three farms ere -it met with anything to rreost- its daroer. Mr. Spohr had his dwelling-house, furniture, fencing, staeks of bay, &e.;, 'reduced to ashes;,r.' Felt, in addition to the deosruction of griss and foices, had a number of bags of wheat burned,' con taining, we are informed about 200 bushels. Mr. Greenberg had his fences and grass burned.' Mr. Edwards, of Mil Lol, also had his house' and other property destroyed, but under,.what circumstances we have riot learned. Mr.. Spain, while burning stubble, had his fences burned. The most lament able fine of all, however, occurred in- the hundred ,of CUroline. Commencing at' a ,oint' 'a loew miles northward of the farms in that' hundred, it speedily swept down on them in suoi volume as deoed their efforls to resist. Three-fourthe of the hundred were swept; the moat fortunate of the-seitlors doing nothing more than'saving their dwelling- houscs. An immense amount of property was destroyed, and it is feared that a large number of families are utterly ruiined. " The fullextent of the damagoews have not yet hercd. The reflection' of the fires ait night, viewed from. Mlount 'Gambier, was a grand eight, particularly that in Caroline,.whioh was very bril liant usitil after midnight.. Some of the residents of 'Mount Gambler availed themselves of the occasion to asoend the Mount and got a gdod view of the work ofdoesruotioon They desoribo the country'to the soluth west, north, and north- east as hoing like the lights of a largo city; while in the south-east, in the hundrod of OCrolino, the flames were still ragingin unsubdued vigour. Happily, before Wednesday morning thorn was a good heavy fall of rain, which put moeet of tho fires out, and rendered the grass too damp to burni next-day. It is very providential that it did rain, othorwiso incalculablo mischiof might have resulted. We understand the police are making inquiries, with a view of holding inquosts on the fires, and bringing those guilty of illegally lighting them to justioe. It is hoped they.will be thoroughly successful. 