AGRICULTURAL REPORTS. VICTORIA, [From the Argus, January 30.] It is now tolerably clear that South Australia will this season be the only colony of the Aus- <*> tralian group that will have any wheat to spare, and it seems equally certain that its surplus available for export will be the largest it has yet had to deal with. The Victorian harvest is nearly secured, but as the work has progressed it has become more and more apparent that the yield will he very deficient. Daring the past month the reports from the country have in no instance improved; indeed, the estimates based on an inspection of the growing crops have proved fallacious when tested by the threshing machine, the diminution having ranged from two-thirds to one-half of the estimated yield. This serious falling off has been occasioned by an attack of rust so severe and so early in many cases as to have induced attempts to utilise the crops by converting them into hay. It is obvious, however, that if the whole or even any large proportion of the wheat crops had been thus turned to account, the growers would have found themselves burdened with unsaleable produce, as, exoepting in towns and cities, no demand exists for hay, and nuted hay is at all times difficult to place. Owing to the fact above indicated, no reliable average of yield can at present be given; but reports in which we can place credence state that the range will be from 4 to 30 bushels per acre, the majority of crops being under 12, the highest figure being met with only in rare cases and in limited breadths. This serious visitation has been anticipated ever since the unusually wet Beacons of winter and spring. The occurrence of fine dry weather at intervals served to check the progress of the rust, and to justify occasionally favorable reports, but in the end the parasite has prevailed. The last great visitation oc curred five years ago; it was followed by a lighter attack the succeeding year. The ex perience gained on those two occasions has not elicited any practical method of preventing these attaoks ; there has been a great deal of theorising, but no useful results. Of the oat crops, our report must be nearly as unfavor able as of the wheats; for though the rust has not affected them so much, not, indeed, to any appreciable extent and that only in certain localities, they suffered even more than the wheats from tie heavy rainfall in the spring. The crops are consequently thin, light, and smothered with weeds ; the yield under t such conditions could not be otherwise than low. Exceptionally good crops, of small area, are met with even in the worst seasons, and the present one supplies a few examples. Reports of the potato crop in the sonth-western dis tricts, whence our chief supplies are derived, have become much more favorable of late. The country is covered with grass to a greater depth than ever known; the danger from bush-fires has correspondingly increased, but though a few have been started in Riverina as we'l as in this colony, they have fortunately been mas tered before they attained a serious magnitude; the danger, however, will not be past for another six or eight weeks. NEW SOUTH WALES. [From the Sydney Morning Herali,\ Rain seems to have again prevailed in the northern districts during the past week. At Tenterfield (says the Maitland Mereurg't corre spondent) tbe almost continuous rain in this neighborhood has done mnoh damage to the nrops; the quantity of wheat in this district will be much below the average, the early orop being affected with the blight, and the latter with the rnst. The corn is looking exceed ingly well. The Glen lanes correspondent of the Armidale Express, writing on the 16th instant, says we were visited during the latter part of the week with a heavy squill, doing some damage to honses, gardens, and crops. The Maitland Mercury's correspondent at Sugarloaf, on the 17th instant, writes:—Our expectations that the New Year would bring some relief from the innumerable evils conse quent upon thn excessive and continued rain, have been doomed to disappointment. The de parture of the old and the ushering in of the new year was marked by the fall of the ever lasting rain. The wheat crops—excepting the spring 'wheat—are a. failure; and tile early maize is coming in tassel, though the greater part is scarcely four feet in height. The late maize, however, has a better chance, prodding the weather should prove favorable, which is the great desideratum,. In the Went the weather has been more in character with the season, though slightly variable. The Orange paper says;—Notwith- standing the untowardne&i; of the season, we have been shown some excellent samples of wheat, the yield of which was above the average. On Wednesday a sample of excellent quality was shown to us, grown by one of our real farmers, Mr. Joseph Watts, the return of which is calculated to be at least 30 bushels to the acre. One of our principal Teason? for mentioning this is to express a regret that— possessing such wheat—Mr. Watts did not for ward a sample for the International Exhibition. Not one farmer in the district has done so. What exhibits have bees sent came through the millers. The Southern intelligence. s.paaka favorably of the weather. The Ten Mile Creek oorres pondentqf the ' Banner, on the 19th, writes ;—The yield of the wheat crops in this district aan now be stated with some degree of correctness, as a sufficient area is harvested to allow of an estimato being approximately arrived at. The highest return that I have heardof is 16 bushels peracre, tut I regret to add that the extent of ground yielding that* amount is very limited indeed. A' few fields show 12 bushels per acre, some ten, but the great majority is not more than eight bushels, it which amount the average of the district may be said to be, certainly not more. The self sown crops are a total failure ; many of them are being left standing with a view of being consigned to. tbe flames. Many fields that were ploughed and sowed in the usual manner are scarcely worth reaping—a fact, in common with the general low average yield of wheat crops, to be attributed to tile exceedingly wet season; the ground from the time of sowing until the crops were in the ear being in a continual state of mortar. Lands possessing good natural drainage, of course, give the highest xetuni, and it is a significant fact that s, gjeaier yield is obtained from virata soU tisfi from ground alongside that had been previously cropped. This applies to the whole of the farms in this neighborhood, and is probably, in a great mea sure, owing to the manner in which the furrows of land ploughed for the first time rest upon eaoh other, leaving a hollow space underneath, which, ia a wet season like &8 pail one, allows the surplus^ waters ia drain'away, and prevents the §urfece?o.f the ground from, becoming over saturated. The prospects of the farmer* are, on the whole, anythjngjhut encouraging, and it would require. 4 oonsiaer&Me; advance on the present price of wheat to enable them to weather the gloomy future with any degree of success. From Braidwood we learn by the Dispatch of the 18th that the fine weather for the previous few days has enabled the farmer* to get on with their harvesting, Ci*n?iderably more hay will be saye£ tb^n wia especW,' and the wheat, aUhpugh sljgh'tfy'affected with rag^, is considered likely "to give a fail av^rjoe few'p. | The continued; wet weather few rotted a good deal o/ {foe lats sown potatoes, but early crops have not taken much harm. The fruit season, owing to the little warm weather we are Laving, will be very backward. We are now on the approach of autumn without having had any summer at ?U to speak of. Since our last («aji t^he lftfna.ro. Mercury of the 23th) the weather at Cooma ha,s take^ \xg, and is now fine and pleasant. The farmer?, are busy harvesting and haymaking, but it is feared soiue of t^euj will be heavy losers consequent upon the r*m apoiUag avon qua,ntili^3 of th,e hay crop aj wero cut before it set in- Withal the weather is unusually cold for this time of the year. From below Cooma we hew that fine weather has set in, giving the agriculturists at Colinton and Micalago an op portunity to gather in their crops, which we aje informed are the best «ee£ for yean on Manaro. 