GRENFELL. I December 12. Tue heat has at last subsided, rain set in last night, though not continuoustout at short intervals. If ltsocontinurs.it will cool the air, extinguish the bush-fires, and otherwise j effect immeasurable benefits to the district, if not the colony I at large. During the adjudication of Mr. F. Dalton, P.M on, Tues- | day last, in divers mining disputes, bad occasion . to com ment upon the inaccurate nature of the entries in the Mining i Begister, and stated that the books of registration ought to be csrefully kept, as they are the only reliable source to ] grove or trace ownership. Mr. Dalton has conferred a great 1 oon upon mining communities by awaking attention in this I direction, and it is hoped that all benches will not fail to push matters into the proper channel. In respect to the report ot the Boyal Mining Commission ers, their great faultlles in their recommendations in respect to the abolition of the frontage system, the giving of unli mited extent of area, &c.;, not warranted ana not borne out by evidence. They certainly point out to some directions in Victoria, but tbey do not tell those who have to deal with it that extended areas in Viotoris mean totally abandoned, long deserted, and thoroughly poor ground, after having been turned over by the miners numbers of times. On what basis' do they condemn the frontage system 2 The very mode they propose shows that they do not rightly understand the nature of that admirable system which saves work expenses, time, and, if gold is in the ground, secures it to the bona fide shareholders. Begist'atlon will not answer as well as shep herding. This has been proved times out of number, nor can forfeiture be replaced by any scheme, if efficient working of a claim is made a condition of ownership It is clearly evi dent that without actual forfeiture by law no work will be done on gold-fields. There was some retorting done last week at the machine?. O'Brien's prospectors realised at Hopkin's machine 408 02s to 804 tons quarts. At the Victoria 160 tons of the Homeward Bound prospectors brought 150 oxs ; at M'Connell's the Brit annia has not finished yet. 