ITEMS OF NEWS. The undermentioned persons are requested to call at the Sub-Treasury, Barker- street, for payment of their respective accounts : — Baker W., Colles R., Gas Co., Dorman S., Laurance W.. Mitchell A.. Malmsburv Borouzli. Myring J., Mackenzie H;, Robinson Jane, Stevenson C., "Wilson D., Moyle E., Nomens and Schiel. Sadlier J.. Anderaon G. Merrifield G., Parsed j., Wilcocks G. B., Maude W. J. The United Nuggetty T. Co. crushed 69 tons quartz, yielding 39oz 5dwt retorted gold. The mining manager reports the prospects of the mine improving. A Chinaman named Yeeup Ah Toow was ar- .rested yesterday by constable F. Fox, charged with stealing a portion of the bedding of another Chinaman. "Mr Leech will deliver at the Mechanics' In stitute to-morrow evening the eighth of a series of lectures on the " History of Religion." He takes for his subject, ' Maliomot," whose eventful life furnishes a pregnant theme for en gaging narrative and eloquent comment. In reporting yesterday tho interview had with tho hon. the Commissioner of Public . Works in reference to Barkly bridge, it was mentioned that the Mayor was also present. This was not so, Mr Farrell and Mr Patterson only Waited on the Minister, and apparently there is every probability of the necessary, aid being afforded for the required work. , ; In the report . of the Chewton Council pub lished yesterday, the name of Mr Mitchell is put instead of Mr Muntz. As it appears L10 was voted to the mayor for his services in a deputa tion, whereas it should be that the money was voted by the conference to Mr Muntz who has acted as secretary, but who is now leaving the district. The firstlocal Insolvent Court at Castlemaino was hold yesterday, before G. W. Campbell, Esq., chief clerk,' but as no public notification had been given, the meetings were only known to thoBe immediately interested. In future it. would be advisable that the same means for ob taining publicity that are deemed essential in Melbourne should be adopted here for the pro tection of creditors, and for the information of the public. 'The Jewish new year, Rosh- Hashona, 5632 a.m., commenced last evening at sunset. To day and' Sunday will bo observed by all sincere Jows as a strict holiday. Saturday next, 23rd inst., Shobbos-tcsliura, should also be very strictly kept ; and on Monday, the 25th, the tenth of the penitential days, is tho Yom-Kippur, the great day of atonement. ' ' G; Smyth, Esq., coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at Fryiiigpan Gully,' North Muckle-: ford, on the body of a little girl aged five years and four months, who was accidentally drowned in a waterliole in tho locality referred to on the previous evening. It would appear that the little thing was playing, running backwards, calling out to a . playmate at a. distance, and when alone fell backwards into one of the many treacherous holes left by the diggers, in which there was about five feet of water. Dr Hallyon was sent for, but too late for any medical as sistance to avail The jury returned a verdict of accidental drowning. ' The business transacted in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday evening was of a slightly rambling character, and, after all, very little was done. The Fencing Bill was nearly pushed through committee, but it is not yet ready for its. third reading. It was thought by most hou. members that the House would not sit after the refreshment hour. The Government and Op position were both ready, to rise, and a general assent appeared to be yielded to the proposition, for which, indeed, there was some reason. It was tho last day of term, the annual "bar" dinner was to be given, the delegates who had come for the Intercolonial Conference were to attond, and a large number of tho leading mem bers Of the House were invited, and wished to be there. Things had shaped theaelves thus when Mr Vale managed to interpose, and to the great disappointment of the " gallery " pre vented the adjournment. Tho consequence was that the rest of the evening was spent over the Tariff Bill. It is simply a bill to enact the tarm ana sne otner portions , or tuo original bill are, it is stated, to form the basis of a " Customs Regulations Bill," which has .yet to bo initiated. But to return. The Tariff Bill was .read a second time, and passed through coriimittee with lio other accompaniment than a speech on tho second reading by Mr Francis, arid a serios of inconclusive debates in com mittee. A case of considerable interest to' the mer cantile community, in connection with the new Insolvency Act, says the Telegraph, came before liis Honour Mr, J usticu Moleswortli on Thurs day. Recently one Adam Mackay assigned his estate to Mr Ella, a general agent and trado 'assignee, for. tho benefit of hiB creditors. This being an act of insolvency under the statute, Mackay's estate was compulsorily sequestrated on the petition of Messrs Stevenson and Sons, .creditors. Subsequently a meeting was ' held before his" Honour Judge Noel, at which were -present the Messrs' - Stevenson ' and other creditors, who , objected ' to Mackay's estate bjeing placed in the hands 'of Mr Ella, inasmuch rif lie was nominated only by the insolvent, arid 'the Judge, tli'en appointed Mr Aarons trustee of the estate. An appeal was lodged imainst this decision, arid arguments upon it were hearid on Thursday. The 59th section. of. tlio act say s, ."Where ar. estate is sequestrated which has been assigned to a trustee or trustees for the benefit of creditors generally,- or of which a trustee has been appointed under part 9 of this act, "such trustees' sliall be appointed by tho order of ordor nisi for sequestration, instead of an assigneo, and the property of tho debtor .both present and future shall vest in such trustees ip tho sanie manner as if they were assignees appointed under this act, and such trustees shall have all the duties, powers,- rights, and liabilities of a trustee duly con firmed." It was contended" on behalf of;, the insolvent that, according to this section, Jii/lgo Noel had no power to appoint n trustee in the place of Mr Ella, and after. hearing arguments pro arid con on this point, Mr Justice Molcsworth reserved judgment. . The yield from tlio United Ovens Gold and .Tip Mining Company's claim, El Dorado, for tlio past fortnight is as follows: — 269oz 14dwt Cgr of gold, and 01 tons of black sand. Froui the cement tho battery showed 30oz, The crops, according to thri OTenA Spectator, aro looking magnificent iri'itil difectibil, beilig in fact so heavy that any rain that did come moderately would inevitably lay them in many places. Light showers would, however, bo ac ceptable. To such a height have'., the crops gtown that iri several instances the . farmers thought it wise to cut tliem down for green feeding— the secpud growth iri this case, being always strohger thrift the first. Bbme hlso have fed them down with . sheep, which is considered to be a still better plan. A correspondent , writing from Patea to a New Zealand paper says : — "Wo are nearly all starving here.. We have had a gale blowing for about a month or six weeks, consequent' no vessels have been able to come hero, and, as a natural consequence,- the storekeepers are out of flour, tea, sugat, cufrailU, tobaccb, &c.;, and the publicans out of beer and grog. The dray road to Patea froin Wanganui is all but im passable ; therefore, I iriay say, starvation and sobriety stare lis in tho face. . Not even tho narcotic influence of tobacco is allowed us. Oh, for an ounce of birdseye, or a glass of P.B. !" A return has been laid before Parliament rela ting to applications for mining leases made to the Mining Department. On the 30th June, 1869, it appears 181 applications for mining leases were made, of which the area applied for was 12,119 acres, and of these 158 applications, representing 6962 acres, were grarited. Nine applications were refused, representing 1347 acres ; and 14 applications, representing 1238 acres, were abandoned. In this year to the 30tli June, 1870, 1248 applications were made, comprising an area of 27, 0b"8 acres ; of these, 1088 applica tions were granted,representing 20,895 acres; 3? were refused, representing 1407 acres; and 8l abandoned, representing 2541 acres. Mr Higinhotham, says the Herald, the Chief Engineer, left Melbourne on Wednesday night by the last train for allarat. The object of Mr Higinbotham's visit ts to inspect the country between Ballarat arid Creswick, in relation to the practicability of taking a railway through tho town of Creswick, instead of having a loop line laid down to that place from the main line from Ballarat to Maryborough via Clunes, that course having been agitated by the Creswickers. The stretch of country inspected by the Chief Engineer will be the line of the Dead Horse ranges from Bailarat to Creswick. The present proposed Government route is by way of Mi ner's Best and Ascot. The importance and growing character of the trade between Japan and San Francisco is shown by the subjoined extract from the Alta California, July 17 : — "The P. M. steamship America brought from China and Japan the enormous quantity of 24,000 chests of ten, a larger amount than ever transported by one vessel into the United States. She has also brought 1000 bales of raw silk, anil her total cargo aggregated a value of 2,000/000dol. The contributions to our next industrial fair alone amounted to 60. tons.: So full was the vessel that the larger part of the Chinese on hoard, numbering 370 souls, bad to be accommodated on tho main deck; ' The cabin passengers' list was the largest yet brought from China or Japan to this port, nuiribering nearly 100." A terrible bushfire is thus described by a cor- ; respondent of the Maitland Mercury A serious calamity has befallen the district about; Walgett — for miles around the whole country is in flames. The spectacle is one that qannot be described — east, west, north, and south we; appear to be environed by sheets of fire. The heat is insupportable, and the air most oppres sive to breathe. Huge volumes of tho devouring element may be seen rushing headlong onwards, while again it rises in spiral colnmns to the sky. the smoke going . up as if from a vast range of furnaces, while the aromatic odour from the burning woods is strong in the extreme. The smoke has been so dense that nothing could bo seen over a quarter of a mile away, and the ap pearance of the sun and moon could only be compared to a ball of fire. The burning par ticles have been floating about on the wind and threatening destruction to haystacks and houses, but fortunately we have escaped tliis'danger as yet. ' The appearance of the country is truly awe- inspiring. At 10 miles the sinallest type in a newspaper may be read at niglit by the flare, and tho hissing and crackling of thie burning trees, the falling tiinber, and the roaring of this temble conflagration, make up a striking scene, and one not easily to be forgotten.- Had this country, been heavily stocked, immense destruc tion would have ensued, but being very lightly stocked, prompt efforts may avoid the danger. .The runs over which the fire lias passed are — Milrea Minor, Ulah "Black, Gingie, Llanillo, Dungalear Back, Urrie, Urrie, Warrena, Uroka, Gideon, arid Nugal ; and the main body of flamo is now travelling south in the direction of the Castlereagh." Another very serious and curious flaw, says the Age, has been discovered in the new Wines, Beer, , and Spirits Sale Statute. The case of Wright v Kabat, an appeal from the Bourkri General- Sessions, came on for- hearing in the Banco Court on Thursday. Charles Wright, the well-known publican', Bourke-atreet, had been fined at the District court some £400 under section 22 of the Amending Wines, Beer, and Spirite Sale Statute, for being boneficially interested in a licence for the Mistletoe hotel, Mackenzie-street, while ho was at the same time tho licensee of the Colisscum hotel, Bourke- street. The fines were at the rate of T5 a day from the 2nd January to the 8th April, 1871. The defendant appealed to the Bourke Goneral Sessions on soveral grounds, and these ob jections were sustained by Mr Justice Pohlirian, who then acted as chairman at that court, and \vho rinashfifl f.lift- onnvirf.inn ' tlit t\tv\ear»«frv» now appealed to the full court against the order of the sessions. The respondent (Wright) rested his case on the . objections made at the sessions, tho first of which was, in effect, that the clause under which the prosocution was taken was nonsense, and that tho. conviction of the District court, which followed the words of the. first part of the clause, was, , therefore, nonsense. Tho section in question, No. 22, was road as follows -".No person shall hold more than one licence (except a -temporary or special temporary licence, or grocer's licence," or licence for; railway refreBhment-rooms), within the pre cincts of any city or town,- or of any borough, shire, or road district, either by himself, ser vant; or agent, or. have any beneficial interest in any such licence, under a ponnlty of £o for every day during which he shall . hold such "licence,- or have any beneficial interest therein ; and any interference, by any licensee, with the- \- business of any licensed housemother than the liouso for which ho is liconsod, shall bo deemed prima facie evidence of a bcnciicial interest within the meaning of this Section." It was -contended for tho respondent that there had been evidently an "omission in this clauBO, and , mat, inconsequence, it.really imposed apenalty ;on anyone having a beneficial interest in any. licence.. It begins witli, " No person shall hold more than one licence," and then inflicts the penalty on anyone having " any beneficial in; terest in any :snch licenco," and so on through tlio clause. Their Honours hold "that that was a fatal objection, and Mr Higinbotham being pnablo to satisfy them that' tlio ' clause' was correctly worded, they confirmed' the order .of tlio sessions, with' teostiri arid without calling on the respondent's counsfel to' address thehi- selves to the othor points rasietl on. his. behalf.'" 