Pastoral. All the talk in the interior is beginning to converge upon the approaching shearing, and in the west pre parations aie last making for this great event of the year. In the south-west it has already commenced, the warm country of Eiverina sounding the note of pre paration. Accounts all agree in showing that the wnrm disease is fast disappearing, and as there is already a fine spring of grass, for the season still continues fine in the interior, the prospects for the summer season are by no means without encour agement. From the Bubho Dispatch of the 25th ultimo we take the following report on the stock market and appearance of the country :— fcince our laBt the weather has been rather variable. On Sunday there was every appearance of rain, but beyond a few sprinkles none fell. Since then the days have been fine and genial, but the nights cold and frosty. The country around is beginning to look fresher, and if the frosts would beep away for a week or so— and we had a few showers of rain — thei-e would be an excellent spring. There is an amount of strong old grass, but wo want some fresh young feed to reinvigorate stock after the severe whiter. Considering every circumstance, cattle and sheep are look ing well. Such of the latter as have been afflicted with the worm disease are rapidly getting round, and doubtless before long we shall be able to state that all traces of the destruc tive visitation have been banished. The worms have been must felt amongst the weaners. The shearing is just absut commencing at the various sheds in the nortk- west. Opera tions would have been in full swing in many places only for the severe cold. Flockowners, who had originally intended to begin the first week in August, have deemed it; prudent to postpone clipping until the frosts have bidden us good-bye. 'We think we can safely say that the season's wool will be sent to market this year in far better condition than it has been forwarded for some time past. Wool raisers have improved plants for washing and getting up the fleece now on their establishments, and they have learned by experience the precise degree of heat for the water of the wash-pools. On the Darling things are going on well ; the river is rising ; the shearing is in full swing in many sheds, and it . is confidently expected the whole of the season's clip can be sent to Victor Harbour per steamer. On the Warrego, Paroo, Bulloo, and Wilson the country looks very good, and squatters* prospects are remarkably cheering. On the Bogan there has been frosty weather recently. There is an ; outcry for warm days and nights, as a bad spring is expected if the frosts continue. At Walgett the river is low, and the weather is mild and pleasant. Shearing is now in full swing at Yanko, Burra bogie, Groongal, Tubbo, Coiee, Yathong, and some other stations, and will soon become general throughout the di6trict. The Goulburn Meat- preserving Company is get ting actively to work, and will shortly be killing sheep at the rate of 30C0 per week, the supply of suitable cattle beginning to run thort. At Deniliquin the weather con tinues dry, although frequently threatening, and fears that the now passing winter, with a minimum of rainfall, will introduce ub to a dry summer, are becoming greater. Feed is, however, abundant, and shearing operations proceeding, cr about to commence within the next fortnight. In Queensland, matters are not very cheerful in the Dalby district. No rain has fallen for flve months, and feed is rapidly disappearing. Hundreds of cattle snd horses have aheady rjerithed, and, if no break in the weather occurs, things will scon begin to wtnr a most serious aspect, especially as large quantities of the scanty dry feed still left have been destroyed by bush-fires, leaviug the country in many places absolutely bare. The demand for station property is increasing. The Wagga Wagga Express, in its weekly Stock Report for the week ending 26th ultimo, says : — The weather during the past week has been mild and spring- like, with occasional thowers of rain. The grass is beginning to shoot up fast, and the country is looking green and promising. On the plains the rainfall has, however, been very insuffi cient, and a heavy fall will be necessary to ensure a good growth of the grass before the heats of the summer set in, as the country now is very bare, and the surface soil ex tremely cry. Shearers this season are much more numer ous than usual, many of them being new Victorian hands, who have probably been induced to visit the colony by the reports of the Victorians who were brought over last year to replace the hands in the_ sheds that struck. The news by the English mail is most favourable for the pastoral interest in these colonies. The London wool sales have closed with great firmness, and the recent rises in prices have been well main tained. This will greatly enhance the value of squatting properties, and give increased confidence to those desiring to invest capital in pastoral pursuits. The first of the new clip is already beginning to find its way into the markets of Sydney and Melbourne ; in the former city from Darling Downs, and in the latter from Eiverina. In the Yass dis trict lambing has commenced on several stations with most favourable results, but will not become general until the. beginning of September. In Manaro the weather has been cold and frosty. Sheep on many stations are dying tast from fluke, footrot, and other diseases, and the losses from these causes have been very considerable. From Queens land complaints of the want of rain are becoming more numerous, as feed in many districts is beginning to grow scarce. In New England the weather has been cold and wet, and a good deal of enow has fallen, causing a general rising of the rivers and creeks. The Forbes stock report, as copied from the Times of the 26th ultimo is to the following effect: — We have had beautiful weather since our last. Two or three marnings during the week we have had severe frosts, but during the day the sun has been very powerful, reminding us of the coming summer. A change, however, took place hist night, and it has rained pretty heavily during the morning, aad the watery clouds still hang about. We have not heard of shearing having commenced at any of the sheds, but active preparations are going on, and a commencement will soon be made. Considering the season the lambing is very good, especially as compared with other districts. Paddock-fed sheep are in better condition, and the lambing is better than in flocks shepherded, and we have no doubt that the time is not far distant when shepherding will be a thing of the past. There are no transactions in sheep of any extent taking place now, as owners are too busy pre paring for the great event of the year. Store cattle are in. demand, and where the figure asked is not excessive sales are readily effected. With regard to the diseases now prevailing amongst the sheep of the Manaro district, the Mercury of the 26th ultimo reports : — The most disheartening intelligence con tinues to reach us. The worm disease, fluke, and foot-rot are carry to g off the sheep very fast. On one station, in the vicinity of ^eymour, men are kept busy skinning the sheep as they die. One selector, who had a flock ef 1600 sheep, lost 1000 in a fortnight. On the Buclcinderra side of Adaminaby, the sheep are dying in large numbers ; whilst on the Bolaira side of the same township scarcely a sheep has died, not even one from foot- rot. There is some thing remarkable in this circumstance. 