' WRECK OF THE' QUEEN OF THE THAMES. 'From the Sydney Morning Hemld of June 5 and 6 we have full extracts from Cape of Good Hope papers', giving details of the wreck of the -}ueen of the Thames, and the subsequent pro ceedings. We arrange the extracts in annrori. mate chronological order as follows: — The Cape Standard reports : — Prom all accounts the Soutn African coast was clearly seen on the 16th March, 26 days out from Melbourne. On the 17th land was plainly visible, and during the 'day a heavy sea was running. When the pas sengers retired to their cabins, about 11 p.m.^ the land could be seen. All were in hopes, from the supposed position of the ship, of being safely anchored in Table Bay on Saturday after noon. But about 1.15 on Saturday morning the ship struck to the eastward of Struys Bay. Never was daylight more anxiously looked for.; 'What surprised the passengers most was the smoethness of the water, after the heavy sea running a few hours previously ; it appeared as if the steamer, from the course she was steering when she struck, N. 14 W., had run out of the heavy sea, and got into a tranquil bay. When daylight broke the prospect was not a cheering one. The coast was as dreary as well could be imagined/ but fortunately the sea re mained smooth, and all the passengers were landed safely. But we regret to say Mr. Cook, the purser, who. was highly respected, was drowned, as were two sailors. When on shore the passengers had not got over their hardships. They landed on a desolate beach. They had no provisions whatever; but through the energy, and consideration of Mr. Danvers, the repre sentative of Messrs. Barry & Nephew3, those passengers who had families were at once con veyed to shelter^ and ultimately all the pas sengers were forwarded to town. Before the Magistrate of Bredasdorp a Court of Enquiry was held on March 27. The follow ing are the statements of the captain and of the first and second officers :— Captain McDonald, sworn, states— I am the commander of the British steamship Queen of the Thames. She stranded on Saturday morn ing, the 18th March, close to Struys Point, about 15 miles to the eastward. The tonnage of the vessel is 2,617, or thereabouts. Am a native of Scotland, in the County of Morayshire. Took my final departure from Plymouth on or about the 20th November last, and arrived at Melbourne in 55 days from that date safely, nothing further occurring on my way than the disarrangement of my compasses during my voyage. Took every means to correct them by sun and stars, but they were never 24 hours correct. One compass might be bending south, and another west, and another probably north east. No disaster happened on the voyage. Have been on the eastern track all my life. HaVe been 28 years at sea. Entered as a boy some 17 years of age. Altogether I have been 12 years a commander, mostly to Calcutta and to Melbourne— not as master, but as mate. Sailed from Melbourne on the 18th February last, at 1 p.m. Had a prosperous voyage up to the time of the accident. First saw land on the 17th March, at half -past 3 p.m., making the land within a mile of my calculation. Am acquainted with the coast, and considered myself acquainted with the danger of the current, and made due allowance for the same. According to the best of my judgment it was about 35 miles when I first* sighted land. Imme diately I made Cape Kecif I took observations, which proved my former calculations were correct. Was steering west by south. Such is the correct course for the coast. On that day I did not approach nearer to the ^ coast, but gradually drew off. About sunset lost sight of the coast entirely.- It was a moderately clear night, and I could have distinguished the coast bad we been near enough— I mean at sunset. When we next saw land was noon on Friday. Could I have seen it distinctly I believe I should have known it; but there was a haze over the land. It was owing to the formation of the coast that we came near land again, having kept the came course. On that day at noon I took observations by six different chronometers, and the greatest difference between the six was one and three-quarter miles, the mean of the six being only a quarter of a mile from standard chronometer. It is an unusual thing for a ship to have six chronometers. I believe they are all on shore. From thence I shaped my course for Cape L'Agulhas, bearing from 15 to 18 miles. She did not get further to the westward than the spot wnere we struck. About 9 o'clock p.m. I sighted the land, and a light which I took to be that of Cape L'Agulhas. Kept on my course for about an hour or more, and then shaped a course for the Cape of Good Hope, steering west and by north northerly, being fully persuaded that the light I saw was L'Agulhas, being a fixed bright Hght, and considered that I had overrun my distance. Did not simply rely on my own judgment, but consulted all my officers as to the nature of the' light, and even sent an officer aloft, Mr. Murray, the second officer, with the night glasses, who confirmed me in my opinion. All the officers saw the light. Believe I was keeping my proper . distance from the coast. Took soundings, and found no bottom at the depth of about 60 fathoms. Four hours after wards took another cast with the same result. Did not see the land after that time until the time of the accident^ which occurred about 1 a.m. or a quarter-past 1 a.m. on the morning. of Saturday, Tthe 18th March. At the time I felt the ship, strike was taking .my usual round in the saloon to see that all the lights were out. Two nights before one of the staterooms was found in ablaze. At the, time of the accident the chief officer, Mr. Rowe, was in charge. Since I left London my standing orders were that I should.be, called every two hours, and I believed no lodger 'time elapsed between my visits on deck. Immediately I felt the vessel strike I went on deck and took charge of the ship out of the officer's command. The first order was for the engines to go astern full speed, and I sent for the carpenter to sound the several compart ments. I also sent for the chief engineer, and begged of him to use every means at his dis posal, and give her an extra pressure of steam to back her off. I should think' the ship , was drawing about 484 feet of water. When the pumps were sounded in the fore-compartment there was three or four feet of water; and the other compartments comparatively nothing. The number of the snip's company was 110 all told. It was very dark when the ship struck. Breakers were observed about a cable a length1 ahead of the ship. Shortly after -the ship struck the land was discovered, which loomed a long way off. As soon as practicable every pre paration was made for landing passengers and crew. Sounded round the ship, and found her fast as far as the mizen mast. Believe one of the officers has the particulars of the soundings. In the hurry of the moment cannot recollect what they were. Landed every soul safe with the exception of the purser, who was capsized in the afternoon in attempting to land in a boat put off from the shore. May state that the purser had all the ship's papers and accounts with him, and I believe they were all lost, in cluding my certificate. Think the number of my certificate was 2,161. It was high water at the time of the accident. Owing to the great impetus of the snip it was some time before her way could be stayed, and she was _by that time on the beach, inside the reef. When she first struck the reef it was about a mile and a half from the shore. Form this opinion from sub sequent observation. Consider she is about one mile from high-water mark now; the tide rises and falls inside, and at high water there is about 16 feet of water in the hold. Attribute the loss of my ship to the great disarrangement of my compasses and the very strong and uncertain current. ' Also consider the strong bright fixedlight observed by myself and officers was sufficient . to deceive any .shipmaster, more especially from myself having run my distance.' The light was observed close to shore, and was then distant 10 or 12 miles. The vessel was built in 1870, under my own instructions, for Messrs/ Devitt & Moore and ©there. Have an interest in the vessel, 8-64, registered in name of John Napier, which is only partially insured. Estimate my share at about £10,000. I am not certain,' but consider not more than half is covered by insurance. I believe the remain ing owners of the ship are insured in about the .same ratio as myself, but cannot speak with any certainty. In addition to the interest in the.ship, I had among the passengers my wife on board. In conclusion, I attribute the loss of the ship to the three facts previously mentioned:—!. The fixed bright light on the shore, which was mistaken by myself and officers for the L'Agulhas light, thereby causing me to take and shape a course for Cape Point sooner than I should otherwise have done. 2. The current setting in an opposite direction, and stronger in shore than laid down in the direc tions, which I have subsequently ascertained to besixknots. 3. To the total disarrangement of the compasses, notwithstanding the vessel having been swung at the last port at Mel bourne, and furnished with a card of deviation, which my daily observations prevod to be un reliable, and totally at variance with the course made good. Thomas Frank Rowe, duly sworn, states— Am the chief officer on board the ship Queen of the Thames. Joined her at Melbourne, and have been in her about two, months. The vessel is now stranded at the place locally known as Klippestrand. On Thursday, the 16th March, at about half-past 3 p.m., we sighted Cape Kecif. Took no part in navigating the ship. It is not usual for the chief officer to do so. Kept the log. Believe the book was lost with the capsizing of the boat, when I was landing. Am quite sure it was in the boat, and has not been found since. It was lost at the same time the purser was drowned. Cannot swear it was Cape Kecif we sighted first, but in the evening we again lost sight of land, and did not sight land again until we struck. At; about 8 o'clock on Friday night we ob served a bright fixed light, which we supposed to be L'Agulhas. It was my watch below between the hours of 8 o'clock and 12 o'clock, when I again came on deck and took command of the ship. From the time of my relieving watch (12 o'clock) up to the time of the strand ing I did not observe land, as there was a haze along the shore and a dark cloud above. Just before the accident we were steering W.N.W., true course. Was under the impression, from the course set, that we had passed L'Agulhas. The captain was on deck when I came up at 12 o'clock, and stayed with me half an hour. Be fore going below he told me he was keeping her half a point more to the westward in order to keep clear of everything. Land was not visible, nor had it been reported to me as visible by the man on the look-out. When I came on deck at 12 o'clock the ship was under steam only, and going about 10 knots. The first notice I had of the accident was the ship grating on the bottom. Was near the man at the wheel at the time, walking towards the bridge. Immediately I felt the grating the third officer, Mr. Clark, telegraphed to the engine- room to full speed astern, which was done. He then loosened all topsails to* try and back her off. The wind being right off the land, the vessel bent in her own length before she could bo stopped. Imme diately the vessel struck the captain came on the bridge and took charge, and cleared away to get boats ready, and sounded all round the ship. Found three fathoms amidships, the point where the vessel was fast. At daylight we commenced landing passengers. All hands left the ship excepting myself, purser, and chief engineer, ateo several cuddy servants. We landed in the evening in one of our boats sent off from the shore. The boat was capsized on the passage, when the purser, Mr. Cox, was drowned, having with Mm most of the ship's. papers, accounts, and money, which were all lost. When we sounded the pumps do not remember that there was much water, but now there are 16 feet of water in her at high tide. Believe that a considerable portion of her bottom is out from the fact of some cargo and stores having washed on shore. Attributed the loss of tha ship to the adverse and uncertain current and the general disarrangement of the compasses. She is an iron ship, with iron masts and yards, nnd steel rigging. I hold a master's certificate myself, and in my opinion the ship was properly managed and navigated, and every proper measure taken after the accident for the saving of the ship, life, and cargo. At the suggestion of the agents of Lloyd's, the Magistrate put the question whether witness ever saw the captain drunk or intemperate. Witness— No, never. Augustus Berny Murray, sworn, states— Am second officer on board the Queen of the Thames. Joined the ship while she was building at Glas gow. Hold a chief officer's certificate, and went in the ship to Melbourne as second officer. Nothing particular occurred during the voyage out excepting the general disarrangement of the compasses which are used on board of iron ships. Up to Thursday, the 16th inst., made a fairly prosperous voyage. On that day we first sighted land about Cape Eecif. Think we were about 35 miles £ distant. There was a haze over the land at the time. Cannot say how we were then steering, although it was my watch on deck. We were steering along the coast, a little off. At sundown we lost sight of land, and made the land again the following day along distance off, scarcely visible— certainly more than 30 miles. An hour after we were out of sight of land again, arid keeping off. [ On Friday evening, the 17th inst., at 8 o'clock, I observed a large fire on shore, a bush fire; also a very bright fixed light, which I supposed to be the light of Cape L'Agnlhas; it was to the westward of the bush fire, and about 12 miles off. We lost sight of the light at about 11 o'clock, when it was bearing four points abaft the beam. There were two men on the look-out, one on either bow. The look-outs had not reported land. Fancied I could see land; but as it was hazy and a cloudy sky I might have Jbeen mistaken; particularly knowing .that land was to starboard. Reported my opinion to the captain, who altered the course 'about two points and a half by our compasses dead to seaward. Went below at 12 o'clock, and slept. Was awoke by thevesselstriking, and immediately went on deck injmy shirt. Found the captain on the bridge. From the time of our first seeing land until the vessel struck the vessel was under steam OHly. ??? The first order I received from the captain was to get the boats ready far landing.. Two of the ship's, company, in attempting to go off again to the ship, after we had landed, contrary V to orders, were drowned by the capsizing of the boat. Con sider { the captain did everything that was proper and necessary both-, before and after the accident. Have been 21 years at sea, 10 of which I haive been an officer. Have, made several voyages to the eastward, but this is my first to the southern colonies. Assisted the captain in navigating the ship. Consider the captain an excellent navigator, and he was unremitting 'in his attention to his duties/ Can only attribute the accident to the fact of the unsteadiness of our compasses, the deception of the light observed, which I con sider was capable of misleading any shipmaster, and the very strong adverse current which must have been running at the time. Have 'sailed with the captain for npwards of four years, and during that time I can state that I never knew him to be out of his calculation in making land. Since I have known Captain McDonald he has always been a very temperate man. Am sure he was quite sober at the time of the accident. The officers of the ship, as well as the quarter master, who was at the wheel at the time of the accident, I consider steady, able, and efficient men. Saw the ship yesterday for the last time, and it was reported to me she had 16 feet of water in her at high tide. I was on board her last Thursday; shehad then 10 feet'of water in her hold at ebb-tide. In my opinion she is a total wreck. ? ; Other witnesses were also examined, 'but their evidence does not materially affect the' above. The following- decision was then given:— 'The Court finds that there is no blame to be attached either to the captain or any one of the mates, nor any of the crew on board; attributing the cause of the stranding- of the British iron ship Queen of the Thames— firstly, to the dis arrangement or deviation of the compasses on board; secondly, to the unsteadiness and un certainty of the current in that locality; thirdly, to a bright fixed light and a bush-fire that was burning before the accident, and which was calculated to mislead the managers of that vessel. The Court has, therefore, no reason for cancelling or suspending' the certificates of either the captain or any of the mates, but is of opinion that they are respectively entitled to retain the same.— J. H. Hofmeyer.' A subsequent paper states :—' The scene at the sale of the wreck of the Queen of the Thames on Struys Bay Beach was quite a lively one. Cap© Town merchants were there to the number of about a dozen, and others from Swellendam and Mossel Bay, and all the country round. The Bismarck was in the offing, and only one of her passengers from Algoa Bay ven tured ashore. This was Mr. Lippert, andhu pluck and daring in venturing in a lifeboat through the surf were much admired by every one. Mr. Danvers, of the firm of Barry and Nephews, officiated as auctioneer. Several of the goods on board, as indicated by the manifest, were first put up in detail, and very high prices —in some cases absurdly high prices— were offered. Afterwards the whole was put up in one lot. The Cape Town merchants hid formed a sort of alliance or company, some 12 of them agreeing to take £1,500 a piece. The bidding became extremely spirited between those on the one side, and the Port Elizabeth gentlemen on the other, for whom, however, the bidder was a Mr. Miller, of Mossel Bay. When the figure rose to £15,000 one or two of the Western men began to hesitate and flinch, and thereupon the whole affair was knocked down to the Port Eliza beth Company, among whom, however, we are informed that two Cape Town merchants and one Mossel Bay merchant have shares. If the weather holds on at all favourable they will reap a very handsome harvest from the venture they have made. The latest accounts from the place, report that the vessel is holding together very firmly, and likely to.do so for a week or two at least.' : ! ????? '???? ??;-??'? ; ;-/- ?''?;'/? The sailors having been accused of robbery and wanton destruction of luggage, a letter was addressed by a number of them to the Cape Argus emphatically denying the accusation. Of the conduct of the ladies and other pas sengers during the time when they knew not what fate was impending a passenger thus speaks:— 'The shock of the vessel striking and bumping and grinding amid the breakers of course roused all the passengers. The ladies and children all got up and dressed, awaiting the unknown perils impending over them. The equanimity among them was wonderful, and the officers of the ship were equally prompt and ready, awaiting the break of daylight.' The passengers by the vessel held a meeting, at which they passed resolutions thanking the officers and the crew for their courage, coolness, and bravery in saving lives and goods.' ' A sub scription was started to remunerate these brave men for the loss of their baggage whilst attend ing to that belonging to the passengers, and within ten minutes £60 in sovereigns was paid down. It is believed that the subscription-list when it closes will show twice that sum. It appears there were four persons drowned. The particulars of the occurrence are as follows :— On the Sunday morning after the wreck a boat containing 10 men, includiug the purser, Mr. Cox, put off from the shore with the intention of going onboard the wreck for the ship's papers, but she had not got far when a heavy roller struck her, capsizing the men into the water. Six of them mauaged to reach the land, but in a very exhausted state, so much so that it was only with great care and attention that they were brought round again. The other four, however, were drowned. They were. Atr. Cox, ship's purser; Messrs. Harris and Lacey, stewards; and one seaman. The examination held by the Magistrate of Bredasdorp proving unsatisfactory, a Court was afterwards held by the Acting-Resident Magis trate of Cape Town into the circumstances, Sir Thomas Maclear, and Lieutenant Archdeacon, of H.M.S. Sirius, as assessors. Mr. Fairbridge appeared on behalf of Captain McDonald. . Mr. . Fairbridge, on behalf of Captain McDonald, objected to the competency of the Court in proceeding to enquire into a matter which hadalready been enquired into, and upon which a sentence of a duly-constituted Court had been pronounced. If the Magistrate had done an illegal act he must suffer for it ; but he had said he was acting under the orders of the Government. The Magistrate said it was distinctly provided in the Act No. 3 of 1863 that Courts of the character of that which had been held in this case did not amount to a final proceeding. The Governor could at any time send back a case for the reconsideration of the Court, not only as to the decision which had been come to, but with instructions to take further evidence. In answer to Mr. Fairbridge, that if the enquiry was referred back it must certainly be to the Court which took the first investigation, he said he was satisfied the Governor had the power to send back the proceedings to the Court in which they commenced, and if the Governor had resolved upon adopting that course, inas much as many of the officers and passengers contemplated leaving for England the next day, and the Governor being entitled to get all the evidence which was obtainable in a legitimate manner, he (the Magistrate) did not feel at liberty to refuse to follow the instructions which had been given him. The Magistrate then proceeded to read the evidence given by Captain McDonald before the Resident Magistrate of Bredasdorp, and at its conclusion asked whether he had anything further to add. Captain McDonald— I merely appear here out of respect to your Worship and the Court, and must respectfully decline to say anything. Sir Thomas Maclear— I appear here as one of the assessors, and I wish to put one or two questions, which no gentleman should refuse to answer. Was your ship put round when you were in Australia? Captain McDonald — With the greatest respect for the Court, and yourself as iny senior, I must still state most firmly that I will not answer any questions whatever. The Magistrate— You refuse to' answer any questions? ' ' Captain McDonald— I do. Sir Thomas Maclear then left the Court, and the Magistrate read the evidence given at Bredasdorp by Mr. T. F. Rowe, the first officer. In reply, to a question from the Magistrate, Mr. Rowe said he had nothing to add to his former evidence. He was on duty about an hour before the steamer struck, half of which time the captain was with htm. The Magistrate— Have you any books or papers which will show the position of the ship before she struck? Mr. Rowe— No. The Magistrate— Did you take any observa tions during the voyage? , Mr. Rowe— I sometimes took an observation for my own amusement, but I took no part in the navigation of the ship. The Clerk then tendered the Bible to Mr. Rowe, with a view to administering the oath, but that gentleman declined to take it, until the Magistrate said that if the witness refused to be sworn, he should have no alternative but to commit him. The oath was then administered, and the witness said— Do not know when I took the last observation. Did not do so after sighting the land at Recif. Am unable to give any information of the position of the ship after that time, but I entered the position every day in the log- book. The weather was fine at midnight, with a moderate breeze from the W.N.W. The evidence of the second officer, Mr. Murray, was then read over, and, in reply to the Magistrate, he said he had nothing to add to that statement. , ./..', The Magistrate— Did 'you. assist in working the ship? I decline to answer any questions. I have been tried once in the colony, and that is quite enough for me for the same offence. The Magistrate— Without disputing that, I must ask you to take the oath. Mr. Murray— I am advised not to answer any questions. The Magistrate— Then I must commit you. ilr. Murray — I suppose there is some law to fall back upon for protection. The Magistrate— I shall now proceed to read the other evidence, and shall leave the question as to yourself and the captain, who have de clined to answer any questions, for the present. James Hill was called, but did not answer, and no other witnesses being forthcoming the Magistrate enquired whether the captain and Mr. Murray persisted in their refusal to answer any questions. The captain replied he did. Mr. Murray had in the meantime left the Court. The Court then adjourned until Tuesday morning. The official enquiry was resumed on Tuesday morning. The Magistrate was again assisted by Sir Thomas Maclear and Lieutenant Archdeacon, but neither Captain McDonald nor any of the officers of the ship were present. The following additional evidence was taken : — George Woodruff Goyder — I am Surveyor General of South Australia, and was a pas senger by the Queen of the Thames. During the voyage we published a newspaper on board, to which I contributed. I obtained from the captain a statement showing each day's' latitude and longitude, the course, the distance run, and the direction of the wind, which I tabulated; these particulars were pub lished up to the 16th. I obtained the re turns for the 17th, but they were not published. In (consequence of our anticipated arrival1 id Table Bay, the last paper, which was dated the 18th, was read on the evening of the 17th. The returns for the 17th were chalked up on a board in the usual manner. I took the figures from the board. Observations were taken during the voyage by the captain, and the second, third, and fourth mates. One of the junior officers used to put up the board. The return for the 17th was latitude 34° 53' S., longitude 21° 38[ E., course W. I spent the afternoon of the 17th in preparing the newspaper. la the evening we had an entertainment, and I went to bed. I noticed before going to bed that the course had been altered, but I do not know at what hour this was done. The ship was steering N.W., judging by the stars. I went to bed at half -past 10. I was veiy anxious, and said to, another passenger that I wished the night was over. I had seen the shore and a map of the coast, and I knew the course we were steering. The map I saw was an ordinary one, and about 2 feet square. I saw a light on shore a little before 8 that evening. It seemed to me to have a halo round it. It was a fixed light, but did not look like that of a lighthouse. At that time the . light was on the starboard beam. We could now and then make out the land on the star board beam. We saw no land on the starboard bow. In the evening, during; the entertain ment, which consisted of music and reading, the captain announced that L'Augulhas Hght was abeam. After the entertainment I went on deck. I did not then see a light on the land. , The night was hazy towards the land, and there was no moon. After I had been in bed some time I was awoke by a passenger who said the ship was on shore. I don't think the ship could have made more than six knots from, noon on the 17th until I went to bed. The wind; was against us. I saw the patent log dragging behind on the previous day. I did not hear any report made to the officer in charge on the 17th as to the speed of the ship. I . never saw an azimuth observation taken on board. I have had a good deal of experience in, and am professedly acquainted with, the taking of observations. I often tested the steering compass. It was about four and a; half points out. I never looked at the standard compass on the bridge. I am accustomed to take' observations. Supposing the ship, was heading due west then the compass would show N.W. by N. This I ascertained by glancing at the compass, and not by observations. After the ship had struck I took bearings from the. shore, and found she was heading magnetic N. 14° W. The true bearing would be . nearly Ni W. I never saw any comparisons made of the compasses.. . . . John Baylis Burkitt, saloon passenger, was also, examined, and the enquiry was adjourned sinedie. The Briton left with many of the passengers, and amongst them was Mr. Moore, of the.firm: which owned the ill-fated vessel. His conside ration, and attention to the wants of the; pas sengers are most deservedly highly spoken of. Had it have pleased the owners, they could have t left the passengers after the wreck to shift for themselves, and find their way to England as: they best could. Instead of this, Mr. Moore arranged for the transport of the passengers to town, and provided them with; passages to England in the very best class of steamers, obtainable. The Briton : took a large number, : and so does the Good Hope, which follows her. Those passengers who did not leave by the Briton were down at the. dock to bid farewell to them, and the, expressions of thankfulness to Mr. Moore for all his kindness were most hearty, and universal/ The Standard of April .13 says :—' The steamer Bismarck .arrived in Table Bay on Monday morning, and at once steamed into dock, from Struys Bay, laden with a portion of the cargo of the Queen of the Thames, con sisting mainly of wool. Most of the bales are more or less damaged by water, and in many instances the iron bands have become broken by ' the swelling of the contents. Some of the bales were so much heated that it was deemed wise to open them immediately they had been landed, and allow them to cool in the fresh air. During Monday and Tuesday the unloading of the Bismarck proceeded vigorously, and yesterday she started on another trip to the wreck. The general impression is that the purchasers of the wreck will make a good thing of it if the present fine weather prevails a little longer. The stranded vessel holds together, and her machinery and fittings .are in first-rate condition. There are about 100 men on board, and with the aid of the ship's donkey engine the cargo is being rapidly got out of the hold. The wool which has reached Cape Town is of ivery superior quality, and is sure to com mand good prices in the London market. - Some are sanguine that the vessel will be got off the reef without any great trouble. Her stern is now in 18 ft. of water, and as the work of discharging proceeds, and the two pumps which have been lent to the buyers by the Table Bay Harbour Board are in full swing, she. .will! become more buoyant. : Even if the Queen of the Thames is doomed to lay her bones in Struys Bay, it is believed enough will be got out of her to pay a handsome profit to those who have entered into the speculation. In ad- - dition to the Bismarck, the schooner Santos is also employed in attendance upon . the wreck, and is about to proceed to the spot with a lot . of supplies of different kinds.' Among the pas sengers for London per R.M.S. Briton on March 20 was Mr. Goyder. , . 