MB. LOGTTE AND TANDSTOCKOBS. ToiheEdUorofthehtqainricConmeraaiSemt, Drib Sib, — In a notice of motion given in Council on Wednesday last by the honorable member for Geraldton, be baa threatened to cause each a fiimig»tion ag we never befim experienced, by aiming a crashing bknr, with his 'strong right aim and mighty fist,' at a pyre composed of all the cases of JdakQpings landstickore now warehoused in the eolonr. Mr. Logoe, we presume, is a nou-emoker, and therefore a comparatively small consumer of matches, who cannot appreciate, as a smoker would, the luxnry of cheap matches at 2/6 or 3s. the half-gross— nor the advantage of beiag able to get a bos at any and every shantr on the roadside, should he be so unfortunate as to find when he wanted to light his pipe'that hit matchbox was with the Datchman'a anchor— at home. If Mr. Logoe has each an objection to 'dangerous' locifers— ie, tbe HMsBtfair — by a parity of reasoning be must advocate tbe use of the lately-invented safety «n«fa*»^, warranted to light only on tbeir own box. Such matches are doubtless very good for household purposes, bat in tbe bash we usually prefer to cany a few in oar waistcoat pocket to keep them dry, and strike them on oar sleeve, trousers, the sole of our boot, or any other available and suitable surface, bat not being supernatunUy clever, we have never by such means managed to set the bush on fire. With Mr. Logue'e measore in force, suppose we come Com home without our matchbox, and meet a friend kindly disposed to relieve our distress by sharing with as the contents in his, mast be give op his box also became the matches an worthless without it, or must we toss op tor it 9 Tbis is a very serious question. Of coarse, Mr. Logue intending to reborn to the rather warm place he came from, objects to an increase of temperature by bush-fires. So do we, more particularly as they do no end of misdnef, and but little good, in removing fidlen timber, im proving the growth of bosh grasses and difierent kinds of feed for stock, besides destroying a host of repine and insect tribes which would otherwise overran our cultivation, with ''h other minor effects too trivial far Mr. ljogue to take into *Hvnipfar***'Mt, But has tbe honorable gentleman struck at (tie root of whatever evil he may theceanent bave to complain of r (Beader, pay particular attention to the foregoing note of interrogation). We«re incUned to the belief that ? section of bush swtefy— we mean the original ladies and gentlemen— are the originators of bash fires, by carrying the indJBnemwWe firestiek under their hookas, for certain caloric effects, which enable thorn to dispense with more numerous sod cambroBB garments, and tint from the said fircsticks particles of Uvb charcoal drop from time to time on tbe line of march, °'^ foSow ing the laws of natural causes, eventually break out into a bash fire. When Mr. Lagae is able to prohibit natives from carrying fircatjdai — which they would probably consider an act of the most flagrant injustice and tryannoas cruelty — we may perhaps likewise be forced to forego those little comforts which the far famed tandstickors alone can supply, bat not tat than. In Che meantime, however, we would suggest that some honorable member move as an amendment that every native in tbe vidnUy of the settlements be supplied per saeasesa, on application to tbe R«aJ»«»t Mngigfr-.^ of the district, with a box of the safety matches warranted to light only, fa-, Ac*, and tfcns. obviate in a measure tbe necessity far their carrying Sresticlak. A very few months back Hr. Lowe bought all England about his ears by eadeavouriog to establish a tax on matches, and as the messure herein alluded to would have an exactly eknibr effisek by enforcing tbe use of a more expensive article, and the difierence between Lowe and Logoe being phonetically so slight, however great in other respects, we would like to see our honorable friend take a bint from the precedent, lest lie also should burn his Sngen in tbe bonfire be has in contemplation. We remain, dear Sir, youcs truly. BRIMSTONE ft Co. Goveenob Weed's Voeukteeb Cup. — We have been requested to state that it has been decided that the competition for the Governor1*! Cop will take place about the «ium« of September, at 300, 400, and 600 yards, seven rouudd at each range, to be open to all men bearing arms in the colony who bate previoujly qualified themselves by obtaining 36 paints at 15». 200. 250. and 300 yards, S rounds at each range. The day fixed Cor qualification will be in the last week in August. The Government long JBnfidd rifle is to be the weapon used. To CoBBESfOBDENXs. — »* A Han and a Brother' has been received. 'KIU' Iran ??*?. -Unit,' 'A Southern Joker,' and and several other letters, mast stand over till oar next. Ths schooner AxeUa arrived from Mel bourne with a general cargo and passengers on Friday last, after a very boisterous passage. Each year adds almost innumerably to the liBt of inventions. The fruitful ingenuity of thousands of intellects thus contribofBB to the convenience, comfort, and profit of mankind. Bat amongst the numberiess pre parations for improving the condition of the teeth and gams, there has yet been nothing to compare to those specially manufactured by Messrs. Gsbiid. the celebrated Dentists of London, whose Coralite Tooth Paste, Royal Tooth Powder, and OdoutaJgiaae Elixir son unequalled for cleansing, beautifying and preserving the teeth, and for imparting a delicious fragrance to (be breath. It vriQ give our readers great satisfaction to learn, that these world-renowned articles can now be obtained in this noghboJiood. For farther particulars we refer tlasm to Messrs. Gabriels' advertisement, which appears on oar 4th pajje 