COUNTRY LETTERS. SADDLEWORTH, March 6. A he funeral of the late Mrs. E. Palmer took: place on Saturday. A large number of inhabi tants showed their respect by following her remains to the Cemetery. The Rev. T. Standrin referred to her death in the Primitive Methodist Chapel next morning. The deceased, who was kind and liberal, will be greatly missed in this town. A public dinner to Mr. E. Seikmann, who intends visiting his native land, is being ar ranged for by a strong_ Committee, of which Mr. C. R. Goode, J.P., is acting as Chairman, and Mr. J. Milne, J.P.,as Vice. Mr. Seikmann well deserves this token of respect. He has taken a great interest in public matters, and is held in high repute by most of the settlers in the district. GOOLWA, March 6. For more than a week bushfires have been blazing in all directions, and last night the heavens were red with the glare of a large one, supposed to be on the Coorong; but should the present wind continue, the flames, which as yet have been chiefly confined to sctub, may prove disastrous. KINGSTON, March 2. On Sunday the anniversary sermons of tho Congregational Church were preached by the Rev. Mr. Annels, of Narracoorte. On Monday, after tea, Mr. Mattheson presided, and the Revs. D. Milne, the pastor, Annels, of Narracoorte, and Hillman, of Robe, spoke. The choir, ac companied by Mr. Stockbridge on the har monium, sung selections. Total proceeds, £20. MELROSE, March 1. The Cemetery is in a fair way towards being improved, as a tender has been accepted. for clearing away stones and making paths, &c.; Either the Government or whoever has the control of the old Cemetery ought to see that it is looked after, as it is quite open for horses and cattle to run over all the graves. The fences are broken down, and the place is a regular resort for pigs to go rooting about in. Sickness is not quite so prevalent as it was a short time since; bad eyes are the most abun dant. PORT AUGUSTA, March 4. The Rev. Mr. Reid lectured in the chapel on Tuesday evening, subject—" Mind your P's and Q's." Many people were disappointed because they had not attended, while possibly others were annoyed because they had not the least chance to find any fault, as the lecturer not only amused, but instructed. He touched upon every class, from the inhabitants of Groffdom —and there are a few such in Port Augusta—to the more consequential. Canon Dove in the Church of England yester day preached twice to large congregations. This afternoon the boys' annual goat races came off, and the usual fun was enjoyed. There were a Town Plate, Maidens, Hurdles, Beaten Stakes, and a Hurryskurry, causing any amount of excitement amongst the older folk, who officiated as stewards, umpires, judges, &z.; The money was paid over this evening. The Overseer of Roads, Mr. Morris, has arrived, and taken charge of his office. CLARENDON, March 6. A cricket match played on Saturday between the Clarendon and Cherry Gardens Clubs resulted in the former conquering by 20 runs in one innings, their number being 142, while the losers got 48 and 54, Fairweather, J. Lewis, and T. Scroop taking 16, 18, and 16 respectively. The batting of H. Morphet for 60, T. Edwards 25, G. Chase 18 on behalf of the Clarendons was admired. The howling of Chase and the longstopping of Brealey were very good. The score made was the highest Clarendon has ever obtained. On Monday evening the Rev. T. Raston lectured on " The White Man's Grave" in the Wesleyan Chapel at Kangarilla, Mr. J. Carr, M.P., presiding. Musical selections were rendered by the choir. The proceedings were in connection with the anniversary, and the whole services realized £20. The locusts are appearing, hut too late to do much damage. The thermometer has reached 94° inside the houses. TANUNDA, March 6. On February 27 a bazaar for the benefit of St. John's Church was held at Fischer's Gardens, which, being decorated with flags and garlands, presented a gay appearance. The display was very good, and the stalls were presided over by Mesdames Niquet, Reusch, Witt, and Heinrich, assisted by Misses von Bertouch, Layton, Nitschke, and others. There was a large collec tion of useful and ornamental articles, but the greatest attraction offered was a fine embroidery, presented by Mrs. A. Witt. A brass band, under the leadership of Mr. A. Fiedler, jnn., gave their services gratuitously, and contributed much to the pleasures of the day. The refresh ment tent, where Mesdames S. von Bertouch and J. Basedow attended, was besieged. The attendance, particularly in the evening, was good, and the affair could well be considered a marked success. At 10.30 p.m. Rev. Reusch offered prayer. The band then playd " Nun danket alle Gott), and Mr. S. von Bertouch thanked those who had liberally contributed, adding that special acknowledgments were due to Mesdames Niquet and Layton and Miss Layton, who had worked harder than others. The proceeds were £75, and about £20 worth of goods remained. The band then played " God save the Queen," and the company dispersed much pleased with the result. CUDLEE CREEK, March 2. A meeting was held in the new schoolroom, Torrens Bank, on Thursday evening, to consider how removing the school from the Cudlee Creek Chapel would affect the neighbourhood. A message from Mr. F. Symonds, J.P., stated that he regretted being unable to preside, as he was prevented by illness. Mr. Kennings, who was then voted to the chair, stated that he refused to sign a memorial against the new room because it was unfair to first permit the teacher to build without opposition, and then when the structure was nearly finished to send round a counter-memorial. Mr. Hood con sidered the place central and suitable, and could not see how objection could be reasonably raised to the change. Mr. Edmunds said that when he signed the memorial to the Council he was not aware that the building had been even begun, and thought it was only talked about. Mr. Hannaford had promised to place a cottage at the disposal of the neigh bourhood for a school should the chapel be closed. He thought it to his interest to sign the counter petition, but he was not aware of all the facts. Mr. G. Hannaford regretted that the Inspector was not present, because he wanted to see him about a new school at Hartley Vale. He also had signed the counter memorial, because his brother promised to place a cottage at their disposal if the chapel was closed for school purposes. He told his brother that the Trustees had determined to close the chapel, so if he promised to permit aschool being held in his cottage he would sign. Mr. J. Oliver thought that if Mr. Edmunds and Mr. G. Hannaford had signed the memorial on these grounds they must be much misguided, for where was the master to live. There was no residence; he would therefore either have to live in the chapel or the schoolroom, and they should have enquired before they signed. Mr. W. Langley said, as a Trustee of the chapel, he took no selfish part in this matter, but con sidered the new room a good one, and central. The dwelling being near was a great advantage. Mr. Welwood was glad to see so many in favour of the change, and considered that it could not affect Miss Adey's school in the least. ' He expressed surprise that a memorial should have been got up against the new room, but held that the counter-petition should have been got up when one in favour of the change was sent. This counter-memorial was written by the District Clerk, taken for signature by a man employed by the District Chairman, pre sented to the Council, and supported by the Chairman before the Board of Education. No member of the Council except Mr. Hannaford, he believed, lived nearerthanBlumberg,andnot one had ever visited the school iu the chapel or seen the new room. He therefore considered, them incompetent to judge, and asked if_ this counter-memorial was got up in a straight forward - manner. Mr. Pool moved that the room was in every respect fit for a school, and that the school should be held there as soon as possible. Seconded by Mr. Hood, and carried. Mr. Hood proposed that a memorial be prepared in order that the Board might know the feeling of the meeting in the absence of the Inspector. Seconded by - Mr. Redden, and carried. Mr. Pool moved that the memorial said to be from the majority of the Cudlee Creek people, pre sented to the Council, should be asked for by the Board of Education. A petition was then read, adopted, and signed, and Mr. Welwood was requested to forward it, along with tho minutes to the Board. The Chairman said it was evident that the "meeting was in favour of the change, but he hoped soon to see a hew schoolhouse at Hartley Vale. He regretted the Inspectors being absent,' as it would havo simplified matters. HAMLEY BRIDGE, March 6. A meeting was held at the Hamley Bridge Hotel, on Tuesday evening, to consider the dis graceful state of the crossing over the Light, between this station and Pinkerton's Plains. This ford being on a road that is vested in the Central Board, it is surprising that the place has not been more attended to, especially as the line is the only feeder to the railway from the west. It is in a dangerous—in fact, almost impassable state, and always must be till pro. perly repaired—a great loss to the Government, because a great deal of produce is forced down by the road that might be brought to the station. The tonage on the railway could be largely increased, while the wear and tear on the road from Pinkerton's Plains to Goolwa ■ would be lessened. Mr. Brady presided, and Messrs. MeRobie, J. O'Suluvan, Condan, Kilpatriek, Peters, and Robinson, spoke' in strong terms of the miserable state of the crossing, and the importance of something being done at once. It was unanimously carried that a memorial should bo presented to the Road Board, urging that the £400 placed on the Estimates for this line might be expended in repairing the crossing and making a footbridge. It was remarked that many people have nar rowly escaped from being carried away by the flood in trying to cross the river. Now that there is the prospect of a _ good school, the •children who happen to reside on the western ■Ide would be quite shut out from it. Many years have elapsed since anything was done to the crossing, and then only to the amount of a few pounds. A Committee was formed to draw up the memorial and get it signed ami for warded. VICTOR HARBOUR, March 6. ■ The anniversary sermons of the Wesleyan Chapel were preached on Sunday by the Rev. •J- Y. -Simpson, of Strathalbyn. The Rev. C. Hodge, of the Newland Memorial Church, gave up his evening service, and offered the Congre gational Church to the Wesleyans, the Wes •leyan Chapel being too small to accommodate the people. The offer being accepted Mr. Simpson preached to large congregations. On Monday after tea Mr. Simpson lectured in the Newland Memorial Church; subject, "Edgar Allan Poe." There was a numerous attendance, and the Goolwa Wesleyan choir discoursed select music. 