WATER POLIOB OOUKT. -SATURDAY. ' (Beforo the Water Police Magistrate and Mr. Evans.) Four drunkards wore fined. Un the summons slieet thora wera two casos, which woro postponed till a futuro day. Rostor.-Monday - Messrs. Stenhouse, Gedyo, Rattray, Williams, and S. Goold. Tuesday-Mossrs. Oaraher, Ronwiok, Richardson, Smart, and Loxton. Wednesday- Messrs. Evans, Josephson, Sponcs, Wearne, S. S. Goold, and Hurley. Thursdaj- Mesara. Oatloy, Tucker, Charlton, and Koseby, Friday Mesara. Loxton, Stewart, Fraser, and Halo. Saturday . Mr. Brlollat. PETITION ACAINST THE LAND BILL.-Tho following petition from the free selectors and others of Moruya againat tho Land Bill was presented to Parliament by Mr. Clarke:-To tho Honorablo tho Legislative Assembly of Now South Wale», in Parliament assem- bled. The humble petition of John Hawdon, of Kyla Park, in tho oolony of Now South Wales, Esq., ahowoth-That a publio mooting of free selectors and others, duly convened and numerously attended, was hold at tho Commercial Hotel, Moruya, on tho 13th December, 1871, whereof your petitioner waa appointed chairman, and the following resolutions woro put and carried unanimously, vi». :- lat-That this meeting observes with satisfaction that In tho proposed now Land Bill tho price of back land* is to bo Ba pur aero, but is of opinion that 10s per aero should >a tho maxi- mum price of all frontago lands for freo selection. 2nd-That a petition, oinbodying tho abovo resolution, bo forwarded to tho Honorablo the Legislative Aaaem- bly, by tho chairman of this meotinir, through tho member for tho district. Your petitiouer therefore prays that your houorablo House will take tho subject matter of tho above resolution into your favourable consideration, and will caano tho L md Bill now beforo you to bo amended in conformity therewith. And your petitioner, as in duty bound, will ovor pray, ka. -.TonN HAWDON, Ch drinan. TIN ORE.-The TJ. H. Omrior of tho 12tU instant nay* : -On Saturday last there waa dolivered at the v»i'-v ty station, omsignod to Messrs W. E. Potts and O', u -vo w.ii^ons containing somo seven tons of tin oro from fio Mount Mitchell mines, Oban, on ita way to Newcastle for smolting purposes. Oro from tho Elmoru mines, Inverell, has ulso boen received at Scone hy tho samo firm. EXTRAORDINARY Low TIDE.-On Friday tho tide waa lower than has over yet beon witneased in Newcastle harbour, allowing at tho Government guago 9 feet fl- inches. -Chronicle, DEMAND FOR A CONSTABLE -A meeting was hold at ./Ellalong, near tho Wollombi, on the Och instant, to request tho Inspector-Ganoral of Potion to station a constable in that town. Tho fi rat resolution said : ' That in consequnnco of tho great increase of crime in this neighbourhood, this raeetiiu is of opinion that a conatabio should bo stationed in ./Ellalong or neighbour- hood. ' From the speochos made it appeared that an application for a aonstablo had onco beforo boon made, but refused on the ground that the inhabitants had cloaked crime. Great indignation was oxpressed at such a slander on the district, and ovantually it was arranged that thoohairman, E. 0. Close, Esq., ahould forward a letter to Captain M 'Leno on tho subject. ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH AMALGAMATION. -Negotia- tions aro on foot among somo of tho largest share- holders in tho Anijlo-Amorloan and Frouch Atlantlo Telegraph Company with n. viow to au amalgamation of tho two compauiea into ono powerful body. The object is generally approved, as by suoh a fusion, which is not difficult of attainment, a large saving will bo effected in administrativo expenses, and tho dangers bo avoided that attend divided iotorosts, wliito it is not unlikely that tho arrangement will, involve extended facilities for telegraphic communication between Europe and America. - Bullionist. -. ACCIDENT TO THE MAYOR OP MUSSELBROOK.-A cor- respondent writing from Musselbrook to tha Maitland Mercury anya :-An accident happoned to tho Mayor, \V. Bowman. Eiq , on thu 10th Mr. Bowman waa Bitting on tho top rail of a yard where somo cattlo wera being drafted, when ono of tbo animals charged him, lifting tho cap off thu fonco, and precipitating jir. Bowman to tho ground in tho inside of tho yard. Ho fall with his hoad on the rail, and sustained a severo scalp wound, bcaides being bruised. Fortunately bs got out of the way before tho boast returned to the attack. Under the ciro of Dr. Bowman he ia likely to bc all right again. Tnn WEATIIER^ND BUSH-FIRES IN THE INTERIOR. Wo (Maitland Mercury) aro favoured with tho follow- ing intelligence whioh was contained in correspondence recently received by a inorointilo firm in Maitlaud : 'Yarraman, December 27, 1871. Wu had-very hot wcathor for a week up till yesterday; when a fine drop of rain foll, and it is oool to-day '-' Rocky Creek, Barraba, January 5, 1872. I nm happy to say that we had a lino rain up here, and it is still rainiag and has been all day. I do not know whether it is a general rain or not. It will m ike nico grass, and it waa badly wanted.' Wo alBo hoar from tho Narren that buahfires hive boen very destmotivo thoro ; .mil at Angledool they aro roported as burning on both sides of tho river. Patches of grass, howevor, had boen left, so that the cattlo would not tako harm, and rain had boon threat- ening but none had fallon. This waa ou tho 30th Docembor ; and on the 3rd of January some fine rain carno down, ao feed will be plentiful. NATIVE CHERRIES - Tho Maitland Mercury Baya : Wo obaorvo among tho variety of ornomortal trees in tho court-house reaerro nt East Maitland a very thriving nativo cherry tros-tho tree with a small dark green leaf,'whioh commonly grows nt the sido of oroeka and rivors, and boar» an elongated rod flashy berry, with a round B tone in the oentra. Tho tree in ques- tion i< well loaded with fruit, whioh, though not quito KO largo as in tho wild specimens wo havo seen, is smoother and othorwiso finer, as if tho cultivation had somewhat improved tho borry. Wo do not remember having observed any wild trco3 'of tho apeaies ao far from water bearing so well ns in the apeoimon referred to, and w<: ¡tro. notawaro whether tho fcreo hos over boen cultivated before. Th» tasto-of tho b^rry ia always, when ripest, olightly but not unpleasantly noid, and thens is an ab3onoo of the astringent; or woody tasto common to moat of our purely indigenous fruits. 