COO2IMERCIAL. W AGGA WAGGA, Friday. Tr weather during the past week has boon ox cessiveoly hot, with strong weosterly winds prevailing. The large number of buseh-fire which have ocourrud in the district have caused very rerious losses in very many instances to the fonoing, but only on a few runs has the leoss of grass by burning caeood much inconveonience. There eoems to be still a suflioionoy of water in the back country, but, as we still have two or throee months more of dry weather to come, we cannot toll how thebo .back country will stand affectod. Stock of all kinds soom to bo in a very good condition, and we do notheac of many sheep, ruffering from grass.seeds. We learn that Mr Lnewis of Narlak, haslosnt a great preportlon of his fenoieg, eud, in. eonsoquenren has besn cmnpellt, to. tend 10,000 sheep on to icseors. Baker Bros'. run on tbho Mforool Oreok. At Brookong they have lost about 40,000 aoroes of grass, but have boon most fortunate in losing only a very few miles of fencing. The country burned on Broohong will cause no incon venionco, but, on the contrary, will be a greont bonofit to the run. In the local marlot business is dull, owing, in a great moeasure, to the limited supply of saleable stook. Fat cattle are in demand, but most of tho lots in the noighbourhood aro being sent to marklot on graizeirs' account. Store cattle are in good demand, and bullooks are bringing high' prices, ifprimo and free from disoeasoo. Faot oheep are not in demand, oxoopt for local coneuanption. Store hoeep are selling well, and largo numbers of young sboop, of either or mixed soxes, could be disposed of at high prices. Mr. Mair haso eod for Eunony haroonyah 7200 store wothers to Mr. Darlot. of the Lower Billabong. Ieossro. Stinson Bros. will start a mob of fat cattle to Melbourno next wook, and Mr. Leiteh will also start a lot for the same market. No stook have passed sinc our last report, and we hoar of none close to hand. --Express. DUBBO, January 11. The weather during the past wook has boon flne. On several ocoasions thick heavy clouds indicated rain, but none foil. The country it burnt right and left, and rain ise now badly required to cause the grass to grow. The lat ohbowors and thundorstorms have made the feeood spring in parts burnt some six or seven wooleks go; but more of the watory element is requirod. On many runs which were thought to be untouched we regret to say that the damage done has boon great-the back country suffering most. Stoolk haoe had to he removed in on the frontages, and the cry is for rain to stimulate the growth of grass, so that the backl country may be utilised. Around Dubbo the ountry loolke very dry. There appears plenty of grass, but it it old and strong. There is as yet plenty of water. On the laocquaric, lower down, the country is badly burnt, and the no cossity ie very great for rain. Some owners really do not know what to do with their stock. They arm not in favour of travelling, and before having re course to such an objoectionable and unprofitablo plan prefer waiting in expectation of rain. On the Began the country is burnt very badly, and several ron-owners are very heavy losers. One thing is uvidout in regard to all these firos, and that is that gross carelessness hoas boon allowed too often to pass by run-holders and others. If, since the passing of the Careless Use of Fire Act, squatters and others had punished offendors, there would, we are inclined to think, have latterly boon less losses to sorrow over. Travellers have left camp-fireas noxtinguised, and ron-holdors knowingly permitted them to do so with impunity. The law was allowed to be infringed, and, of course, when drovers, travellers, and othere, discovered that their oaroloesnonese was not taken no tioe of by those mostinterested-tho pastoral tenants -they became more careless still; and, as a cone0. quence, we have had these doetruotiv.o bush-fires which devastated the whole face of the country and done damaga whibch may truly be seot down nas iocal culable. In future it is to be hoped the lalies of those who leave fires alight will be treated with less lenioney. On the Paroo, the season is all that can be desired. There it plenty of grass and water, and stook-both sheep and cattlo-are in flnoo condition. .At Coonamblo, rain has fallen in quantity and grass ie abundant. The distriot stook items are as follow :--138 head fat cattle (lrs. Martell's) were at Gilmoro's on Wednesday (yesterday) going to Bathurst. 200 head of fat cattle (Brown's) from Cannonbar passod Dubbo on Friday for Sydney; they are a very good lot. About 200 cattle (Dargin'o) from the Wammo rawa are going to Sydney via Rylstorio. 180 fat calle (John Brown's) are reported to be on the Began going to Sydney. 170 head fat cattle (F. Hughes's) parohased from Messro. Egan of Mount Marris, and O'Sullivan of Nidgery, wore at Grow hay on Monday, bound for Bathurst or Sydney. 250 fat cattle (Hill and Patterson's) left Buttorbone on the 8th, in charge of W. Smith, for Sydney; they are principally bullooks and described as one of the finest mobs of. cattle that have left the lower Mae quario for some time. .90 head of fat cattle (Broclk lohuret's) from Euroka were at Coonamblo on the 7th coming to Dubbo; Powers, Rutherford, and Co. (R. G. Goodisson) agents. The following stook con signed to Meossrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin of Sydney are coming forward :-1400 fat wethers (MoOulloch'e) in charge of Peter Brown; 1000 fat owes (Jos. Aarons'n) in hobargo of Chapman, from the Marthaguy o 1970 fat wethors (H. W. Ham mond's) id charge of R. B. Stephens, from Curra willinghi; 2430 mixed huoop (0. W. Doyle's) in charge of J. R.:D4olo, from Walgott; 1919 fat wethors (Alison's) from Dahomoy, in charge of Frazor;' 1445 fat ewes (Alison's) from Dahomoy, in charge of . .Porter; 195 fat cattle (Mcoers. Mosaloy's) from Tdllandunabh, in charge of Haynes. 600 storo cattle (J. i1. Simpsoni'e) from Armidalo, in charge of Bligh, are coming in to Dubbo for sale. It is reported that drafts of fat cattle from Willarey (O'lIullan'a) and lGilgbin (Dight and Yeoman's) are on ronto to Sydney. About 000 atore cattle (Doyle in charge) are coming from the Barwon towards Dubbo. Lamb's store cattle (000) from Queoncland are reported coming this way. Our Paroo correas pondent writes :--" The following stock have crossed the border: 1000 head of store bullooke-a very even lot of good cattle-from Meossr. Scott's elation on Valley of Lagoons, in charge of Mr. Prontieo, going towards Bivorina for sale. 1000 head of very mixed cattle, in charge of Mr. Wade, from the Beowon Downs Co.'s station, also going southward. 260 fat cattle, mostly bulloohos, from Hood and Tor ranca's and Calder and Stephonson's, having boon bought by Mr. D. Dowhuret for the Adelaido mar ket. There are some fine bulls close on the border on route to MIrs. Ma Crea'e stations, Wilson River; they are from the horde of Lee, New South Wales, and Mo Doogal, Victoria." The Obloy pasilngs are -120 head fat. cattle (Gilmnoro's) on Friday for Bathurst or Orange; 150 primo fat cattle (Korr's) on same day for eame destination; 3700 fat sheep (Gilohrilt, Watt, and Co.'s) from Milroy for Sydney, in hobargo of 8mith, on Friday; on Tuesday, 06 head of fat cattle (T. Baird's) for Bathurst, where they are sold to arrive. The Coolah items aro-t187 fat cattle '(Lamrook'e) from the Culgoa for Sydney; 1790 fat wothors (Capol's) from Pine Crook for laitland; 1040 fat wothero (Viokery's) from the Liverpool Plains for Sydney. R. G. Goodisson (P., R., and Co.) reports having sold, on account of Gil. obrist, Watt, and Co., 700 wothers to Mir. Thomas Baird, and also placed under offer 4000 store wdthore. Two lots of store cattle, mixed exooes (P., R., and Co. agents), are coming forward for salo at Dubbo. Dispatbh. 