PABTOBAL AND AGRICrjtTTJKAt . INTELLIGEKCE. . .' , , We have during the put week, experienced a delight ful change of weather, reports tne Maoleay Herajd. The benefioial effecU of the late rain- are everywhere, apparent. Vegetation, in the .fields is extremely luxuriant, and the forest lands that a few weeks ago were no drearv and desolate an aspeot are now clothed with a beautiful mantle cf . emerald, and afford abundant posture for the' poor animals that .were Almost teady to perUh. ? Tie Lower Ciftreaoeoorraspoadest of the Clareiioe Ex aminer, says : The lone wished for rainhu at last fallen in abundance, -and. I believe that ws could well do with what we.hawJbad fora month or «ix weeks at least, .since the rain oewed on la«t Monday everything looks well and in a flourishing condition ; and if the. sugar «ne, maizs »nd other, prodttots *re growing Tait, the . weeds are growing much faster, and makes the sugar -wne and maizs growers Iook tharp to keep them down, so that every one is kept employed, and no idle or f pare bands are to be seen on this part of the nver ; in fact numbers are asking for men, and cannot get them. Our North Arm much respeoted . favourite, the energetic and Retire engineer {Mi. Pooliman) of thB Chan worth Inland sugar works, left last week for Sydney.: and the only representative of the Colonial Sugar Kenning Company at present on the river, u Mr, Isaacs ; there are only eight men at present employed at the works, and they are busy overhauling and .repair ing punta, cleaning machinery, bnilera,,&a.; Any person who hid called at the works, about aix weeks ago, and visited them again now, would wonder where all the men had R«ne to, as very few of them are to be seen in this di«tijot. '... _ ' Thn Prt-temnn AnrrpHnnndent of the Maitlacd ' ftfer enry wys :— Though very hot, close, and oppressive, the weather for the last fortnight has. been ' veiy favourable, to famine operatioaa. No one could desire more favourable weather than has prevailed for he last month for the tobaeoo crops ; iu fine we never haw seen tobacco look to well as it does throughout the district at the preBeDt time. The production is likely to exceed anything that has been produced for raanr years past The maize crops are everywhere looking splendid, and promise an abundant yield. Onmstalks from thirteen to fifteen feet in height are frequently seen, where it is planted in anything like gooil soil, and four or five large cobs on a stalk are not unfrequent. The yield of the vineyard's is not expected to be a large one this season, but should the prcarnt weather prevail until after the vintage the quality of the wine will be very superior. At Harwood Island, learns the Grafton Observer, the crops of all kinds are looking well. The Clarence Examiner says :- Our respected settler, Mr. Reuben Willis, has made a sugar mill of a rather primitive nature, on his farm near the First Falls. It is constructed of two hardwood rollers placed verti- cally, after the ancient style adopted in the East Indies and worked by horse power, which will crush before breakfast cane sufficient to give thirty gallons of juice, which will yield from fifty-six to sixty pounds of sugar in a crystalizable form. Mr. R. Willis having no cenerifugal by which to extract the molasses, con- sequently the sugar is not in marketable form. A sample has been left at our office, and Mr. Willis is willing to show the mill working to any one, and to afford all the information in his power. The cost of the mill, which was made by himself, does not exceed £6. The Grafton Observer states; — The weather this week his numbered the hottest days of the season. Ohce~t-r twice thunderstorms threatened to relieve the atmosphere of some of its heat, but drifted off to the far west and north. A little rain would do good, but on the whole the orops of maize and young cane look very promising. A meeting of the committee was held in the society's room on Thursday evening last, for the purpose of considering the report of the sub-committee appointed to prepare the schedules for the next annual show. The report was adopted and the schedules ordered to be printed for distribution. It was also resolved that members of the committee should can vass for member's subscriptions. The committee was then adjourned. Of late the weather at Goulbum has been intensely hot, several days ranging as high as 100 in the shade. On Monday evening, however, says the Goulbnm Herald, a heavy ehotrer fell, sod an bonr or tiro later the Atmosphere became much cooler ; and yes terday the thermometer had fallen as low as 6G. Bain continues to fall gently. It was beginning to ba much wanted both for maige and potatoes, as w«II as to pi-event bush-fires, and to extinguish one or two small ones that were burning in different parts of the district. The wheat has been safely got in with very favourable weather for harvesting The yield will be about the average or perhaps slightly above it. la the district of Braidvood rain has fallen and done great good to the farms. A correspondent writing from Buckley's Crossing to the filonuro Mercury reports tbat rain has fallen, and tbat, in consequence of the change, the country wears a flourishing appearance. - A somewhat similar state of things is reported from Bombala. At Jicdabyns farmers are buey reaping with every prospect of a most abundant harvest. At length, Bays the Monaro Mercury, we have been favoured with a desirable and much needed change in the weather. In the upper part of the district considerable rain must have fallen on Saturday, as on Saturday night Oooma Creek was very much swollen. On Monday morning the weather iu Oooma waa oppressively warm ; in the afternoon appearance of a change was ' observed, and tbe rain commenced to fall lightly ; after sunset it poured down steadily and continuously for some hours. Since tbat time the weather has been agreeable and cool, and the country is resuming the verdantappear iLfiM it bnrn nnt lnnff nines. BBllH Speakisg of tbe wheat market the Western Examiner says :— The present quotation for wheat may aafely be put at from 3s 6d to 3a 9d. Some time ego ' ws stated the probable average at fifteen bushels per acre. We are now in a position to say it amounts to if it does not exceed twenty bnshels. The harvest, as a rule, has been better than anticipated. Oats aie in demand at 2b 9d per bushel. The Bowna correspondent of the Albury Banner says .-—Now ibat harvesting operations are drawing to a close, and tbe result to far known, we cannet con gratulate ourselves upon soy great abundance in cereal crops, while at the same time we have so great cause for complaint. One great evil which we had much cause to fear, from the prevalence of wet weather at a very critical etaRe— the rust, having barely auocseded in establishing the fact of its existence, consoles us in aereat moatnre now for theshertcomings of an other? wise healthy crop. It may be said that, as a rule, we have lost about one- fourth of a fair average orop, by tbe heavy storms with which we have been vuited lately, either throwing it back at time of filling and thos stinting tbe young seed, or breaking it down and shaking it when ready for the sickle. To make amends for this, we have been turning our attention and our spare ground to potato culture, which promises Well se far. Speaking of the wbea^ market the Albury Burner ««y« :— Since our last report, wheat has been coming into Albury a little more freely. We notice that wheat is very scarce in Adelaide, and if Victoria can not supply her own requirements, wheat must rise in nrion. The nnutnt market Drioe for wheat in Alburv is 3s 3d. We- believe tbe price at Burrow's mill, Sarnawatha, IB 3s 6d. Tbe fallowing, sent from a correspondent to the Kiama Independent, gives a fair idea of agricultural matters in the South Ooast districts :— About this time lant year we were sadly in want of good dry weather, and many were tbe exclamations — ' When .shall we get fine weather!' Well, we undoubtedly have got it at last, and I fancy we have it pretty 'tropical' too. During the past fortnight tbe thermometer has Bhown itself up to 112 degrees in the shade, and never lower than C8 degrees, and t'jen^only for a short time. In fact, it is so hot as to be quite dangerous to have to turn cut at midday. Our farmers take early morn ing and evening for their labour, and I think they aot wisely. Since tbe above was written we have had a very severe storm ef wind and ram, attended by light Ding and thnnJer. The wind may be termed a south erly burster, and came with great violence, blowing down a great deal of maize ; but, luokily, our farmers think it will not be seriously damaged. With the wiud came tbe rain, and for tbe greater part of Mon day night it rained unceasingly. Tuesday broke rather olondy, but with a ohange in the atmosphere from 101 to C2. No wonder people catoh cold so frequently when such sudden changes occur. Our maize it look ing better; and bow that 'cobbing' is going on we anticipate (bar aocidents) an overflowing harvest. Potato digging i» now in great rage, end from what I can learn the yield is very fair considering the draw baok it had to contend with tome time (inoe. ? ThA 1*Ij* rutnm^h'ifi'h mm lint 1!*tlfc *faonS TaBWOrUl and Liverpool Plains, says the Bourke Telegraph, have been very heavy indeed farther north. For about tea days theBigBjveratBiitger* was higher than Unas been for yean, and as the bank was destroyed, traffic and communication was completely interrupted. At Moree the whole oountry wax overflowed, and from Walgett we are informed that up to the 17 th, the Bar won was higher than it baa been since 1864. The flow of the river alone was five or six miles wide, and the towns were surrounded. This has been caused altogether by tbe waters of the GwjSir and tbe Macintyre, for the Namoi was by no means high. By all aecounts this must have been an acceptable visita tion to South Queensland, where rain was said to be so much needed. Bush Area for the last few days have been raging about Maitlsnd. . ? .. , Mr. Frank Beynolds, of Tocal, lias been bitten by a .nake,but serious consequencee therefrom have happily ^mnoVriatedbytrMtBeBt. J 