SUMMARY OF NEWS. AT Strathalbyn the induction of the Rev. J. Faulds Henderson, as minister of the Presbyterian Church, took place on Tuesday afternoon, when a large congregation assembled. According to the Melbourne Age, Mr. Duffy will retire from public life at the termination of the present Parliament, and will in all probability leave Victoria for the old country. We are likely to have a summer of unusual heat, such a summer as that of 1862 was when, after the sun had set in flames, every part, of the horizon was lit with bushfires. The danger makes more pressing the necessity of husbanding our water supply. Some 14 years ago Mr Parkes. now Premier of New South Wales, published in the Empire newspaper, of which he was then proprietor and editor, an autobiographical sketch. He stated that his firet employment in Australia was as sheepwaslier, his wife performing the duty of cook to the men employed at the shearing. A telegram from Sydney says, two children named Gilchrist were drowned while bathing at Ultimo on Saturday evening. The Uuiversity authorities dined with the Anglican Bishops on Monday. An extensive bush fire has raged since Sunday, in the suburbs near Bondi. Reid & Gray's agricultural implement factory at Omaru, New Zealand, has been burned, thus involving- a loss of £3,000 of uninsured property. The Melbourne rowing season has opened with a procession of about 40 crews on the Yarra. The weather was magnificent and the river banks were crowded. Scott, the defaulting Branch National Bank Manager, has been arrested at Colac, Victoria. Stephen Beeves, a prisoner, attempted suicide in Gaol at Melbourne by cutting his throat. The wound is not dangerous. In connection with Freemasoniy we notice that the Ballarat Lodges have commenced the building of a hall, which, it is estimated' will cost about £2,000. It is to be situated near the Victorian goldfields city ou the place known as the Camp. The New Zealand Government have intimated that they will construct no rai'.way lines except where it car be shown that they will pay their expenses. The number of lines now projected will, it is estimated, cost £3,600,000. The average expense per mile will be £5,000. The Legislative Council of Victoria has postponed the second reading of the Education Bill for a fortnight. Mi Francis has stated in the Victoria Leislative Assembly that the Government have under consideration the question of boarding out the Industrial School children in families The Clegg and Bryant, libel case, arising out of the Benevolent Asylum disputes, is now before the Supreme Court of Victoria. The Princes of Saxe Coburg arrived in Melbourne on Wednesday, and will leave for India by the mail steamer. Henry Pyke, well known in sporting circles as a cross-country rider, was found dead with his throat cut ®on the Brighton beach, last week. At a meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce it has been resolved to celebrate the opening of telegraphic communication with Europe by the means of a banquet, at which the Governor will preside. The expenditure of £2,000 has been authorised by the New South Wales Parliament in connection with the projected Australian Annexe at the London Exhibition. The war steamer Blanche went on a reef at New Hanover, but was got off. Natives of New Britain attacked the ship's boat. No casualty, however, occurred. The Waratah Coal Company has declared a dividend of 10 per cent. Spencer has been sentenced to death for the murder of Corst, at Sydney. Reptiles are reported to be numerous in the neighbourhood of Gawler this season, and on Sunday one was killed in Murray-street ; while on the same day, near the town, a young lady destroyed another measuring lour feet. On Saturday afternoon the North Adelaide Junior Athletic Club held their sixth prize meeting at the foot of Montefiore Hill. PI euro-pneumonia is becoming prevalent in the Geelong District. Some of the cattle at Little River and on the Bannockburn Common have recently died from it, and on Saturday a cow belonging to Mrs Backett, which had betrayed symptoms of this epidemic, walked as far as the beach, and, having reached the water, fell dead. The Overland Telegraph promises to pay. On the first two days that it was qpened the net receipts to this colony were £37 and ±73 10s., exclusive of other business resulting from it. The Quarterly Revenue Returns show an improvement, due to a considerable extent to the increase of land sales. It seems probable that the deficit at the end of the year will be far smaller than had been anticipated. A telegram says that a woman named Caroline Vitting, residing a few miles from Invercargill, New Zealand, threw her four children into a creek. One escaped, but three were drowned. She went off into the bush, but was captured. She was in a depressed state of mind owing to family differences The Melbourne bakers have raised the price of bread 2d. per 2lb. loaf in consequence of the advance in the value of flour. By a fire at the Footscrav Steam Stonecutting Works, Melbourne, on Monday last, damage was done to the extent of £400. The property is insured in the Alliance Office. The Rev. Allan McKean, of Brunsw.ck, Victoria, fractured his collar-bone while in pursuit of thieves on his premises. The Geelong Advertiser writes that Mr. Jones, of G-reat Eyrie street, has received from South Australia a specimen of what is known as the " Port Lincoln devil.* It lia s two heads, each provided with a pair-of horns, and the body is covered with quillpointed knobs. It is well worthy the inspection of naturalists. The New Zealand Parliament has rejected the Deceased Wife's Siste r Bill by a majority of 23 to 9 votes. Telegrams have been received in Adelaide annonncing the arrival of the Strathmore at Port Darwin. Some of the men have accepted the 4s. 6d. per day offered by the Government, and the others are for the present quiet. The Springbok, which recently left Melbourne for the Northern Territory, took the 1.000 iron poles which arrived in the Great Britain, and will call at Newcastle for a supply of coals for the steamer Young Australian. It is stated that in New South Wales academical circles great interest is felt at the prospect of the establishment of a University in Adelaide. At 10 o'clock on the morning of Oct. 27, at Swan Reach, John Lehmann, a shearer, was drowned whilst bathing. The body was recovered about 11.5 a.m., and an inquest has been held. A company, under the management of Mr. M. C. Davies, has been started in Adelaide for the purpose of manufacturing soda ash' soda crystals, and caustic soda on an extensive scale. Mr Talmage's Lay College, U.S. has five hundred students engaged in lay preaching, Scripture reading, meetings, and visitation of the Door and sick in Brooklyn, New York, Newark, and Patterson. In some of the preaching stations revivals of religion are" in progress. 