Farming and ,Gardening'.| -NOTES ON FARMING. THE abundant growth of grass this season ha brbught with it a danger thatnmust not be lop sight of; it will be guessed that the bushfire' s the farmers' imminent enemy. The five daysba hot winds of last week had fully prepared tae grass as food for fire, and even the green leaves of trees had turned browni, and could be crumped in the hand. What.was so lively a coverinugfo our paddocks and plains only a week previiosly,. at the end of the fifthlday was convertedinto combustible material. ' ' ' The late sprinklings of rain have only den'ed the danger by cooling the bottom of the t rchcd up grass, and a second trial of the sun's htat will bring the low-lying flats very much. iuder its influence. Opportunity shouild be takeitb clear away all rubbish around corn-fields n',t fit for the reaping machine, if the precaution t plough ing some furrows has not been obseded.. The rick yards should have especial attdition, and all rough grass and weeds 'hould be fnown and raked off. It is a good plan to keep the home paddocks well. grazed with live stock,. and il laying out new places, to have the brchailr gar-. den and vineyard placed so -,a to surround the house. Burning of the grass before stacking' is often done, but, this year the grass iwould only just how brm., The plough is alob apopular aid, to arrive at safety from the appoaching bush fire. Harvest'having nowi'fairly 4 iimenced, we may suggest a little extra care n the clea ing of the wheat for market; the .innowing ma chine is the best implement, .It a fan can be made of very simple constructioii This is better than?trusting to the mncontrollable aiid uncertain winds. .The proper:wheat:sievei should also be procured. ' A'machine could be got by means.of co-operation if the expese were an.object to.an individual farmer. The extra piiice obtained for. well-dressed wheat would soolnpay for a win nowing machine, if the amountwere not saved in the celerity of the operation.: Very much time, however, would be saved. : The difference in a prairie-grass paddock and one of rye-grass and clover has b6en'frilly shown during the late hot weather; while, the latter grasses have given up almost under the tyranny of Old Sol-who, by the bye,, has this season. taken upon himself very great fits of svceriity-l prairie has held its own, cool- loolkingi,' g~re, aild lively, and' is a very nice bite. .fr 'cattle at this moment.. This is: owing ,to the extensive hold its roots have'upon the ground --striking deeply, and running a long distance 'iicross. Lucerne also is throwing' up a useful'-oung grass, that will make it valuable presntly,-if the heat lasts. At the proper seasonsfor sowing we may remind our readers of the good qualities of these grasses. We should like very much to.sec the nativeokau giaroo-grass fah'ly tried on cultivated ground;.it would partake of the good q'tialities of the prairie grass,and,-piobably, being indigenlous, would be an improvement. Our farmers shbuld cleave to the excellent grasses only in sosevere a climate as that of Victoria generally, arid in the favoured spots there would als'ways be superiority. ., The hot season.is almost preventive of the making of butter. on a small scale, 'and verymuqh against cheese.'. The chief reason is the waiut of proper alipliinces aid cool buildings'. It ? oiuld seem, now that the prices liave fallen consider ably, that the best article alone ?vill pay,'iiid this is to be arrived at in most cases by eo-opc. ration.. Mr; Riddell has adopted this plu in conjunction with several of his' neighbours with regard to chccse, and the export of butter has suggested to others totry tr he co-operative :primn ci1le. . . . It is not generally known that gviown barley, or malt, home-made, is afin.t clas: fed ;for stock, or else barley would be more generally grown:" Ohl-huvc"s revel n-snch ca ily dig;ested food. With more' butter and cliheese- iaking, there would be more pigs to eat the refuse buttermilk and whey, and:this would form a profitable item in the company's revenue p with grown barley, dried, or farmers' "?malt," as assm assistance, the bacon made would be.conesiderable.' 