The monthly meeting of the Engineering Association of New South Wales was held at the Masonic Hall on Wednesday. Mr. Broderick was unanimously elected to the office of president, in the room of Mr. F. T. Rose, who resigned on account of his leaving the colony. Mr. Halkett vacated the chair, and it was thereupon taken by the newly-elected president, who returned thanks for the honour conferred upon him. Mr. Downing was elected a member of the committee in place of Mr. F.Broderick, resigned. Mr. Wilson read a paper on ' The treatment of gold deposits, and the apparatus and machinery of the gold-fields, ' and received thanks of the meeting. DESTRUCTION BY BUSHFIRES.— The Wagga Wagga Express says : — Besides the disastrous intelligence of the conflagration in Sydney, we have our own losses by the destructive element to chronicle. The fire reported before as having broken out at Cowabee Station appears to have been one of the worst known in the district, the latest information being that a great quantity of the grass, nearly twenty-eight miles of fencing, and some cattle belonging to neighbouring proprietors have been destroyed. Messrs. Osborne and Leitch's Arajoe run has also offered severely, both in fencing and grass ; the whole of the pasture, we are informed, is destroyed, and the fencing has been suffi- ciently damaged to admit of the stock straying — some of them as far as Wagga Wagga, where they were found by Mr. W. Bowen. Last night intelligence was received that Mrs. Brown's Rock Station was the scene of an extensive fire ; but we treat that the report is exaggerated. The runs of Mimosa, Temora, and Hou- laghan's Creek have also suffered severely. MARAVILLA COCOA.— No breakfest- table is complete without this delicious beverage.— The Globe says, " Various importers and manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' Maravilla ' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theo- broma, they have produced an article which super- sedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solu- bility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For homeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor, Brothers' Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate, Steam Mills Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium,— ADVT. 