"COUNTRY NOTES. Shocks of an earthquake are reported to have been distinctly felt about 12 o'clock at night on Wednesday, the 3rd instant, in Albury, Cooma, Goulburn, and other places in the colony. An account of the occurrence in Braidwood is thus given by the Monitor On Wednesday night, between a quarter and twenty minutes to 12 such of the residents of Braidwood as happened to be awake was somewhat startled to feel their houses shaking, and many were unable to ac count for the phenomenon until they thought of an earthquake. : Two shocks were felt, the first only a slight, but the precursor of a severer one. The second shock, which lasted some seconds, seemed to proceed from east to west, and caused the house we were in to shake to its foundations in rather a startling manner. Very few of our townspeople, we believe, felt it at all, most of our Braidwood residents being buried in slumber. We have, however, heard of one person who was awoke from sweet oblivion by the rocking of his lint, wns frifollxr nnoWn +/ a - i_ _ wuwmL ©V auvyuut iUi .me cause. It is a singular occurrence that on the ' same day, 3rd January last year, two shocks were experienced in this district, only the time which was 7 o'clock in the morning, being dif ferent, : t ire at corowa; — The hotel at Corowa occu pied by Mr, Patrick Kennedy was destroyed by fire on the night of Tuesday, the 2nd inst. The main building was of wood, and this was com pletely gutted, the only goods saved being the furniture from a stone room belonging to the hotel. The. origin of the fire is not known. Sparks were carried across the street, and Mr. Levin's store had a narrow escape, a part of the verandah having been set on fire. — Album/ Banner. - ' i Heavy, Thunderstorm.— On Sunday even ing last a thunderstorm, accompanied with a perfect deluge of rain, passed Bver a portion of the Wagga Wagga district. At Cowabee and some adjoining runs the rain literally camo down ID n f -lxj. ciau. in a yuijt iew moments com- pletely flooded the country. : At Wagga not a drop of moisture fell, though at Wallacetown, Junee, and Cootamundry the rainfall was veiy heavy, and will do an immensity of good to the country. — Express. Fatal Accident.— An old inhabitant of Bur- rawang was returning home from Sutton Forest on New Year's Day, by way of Moss Vale (states a correspondent of the Goulburn Herald ). He was riding one horse and leading another, and after passing the railway station, and when near I Throsby Park House, he fell off the horse and was killed on thcy>spot. The man's name was William M'Niglit ; he has . left . a widow and one son, who are amply provided for. The deceased was well known in the districts of" Liverpool and Gerringong, whore he was re spected as an honest upright man. I should not forget to mention that, after the man fell of, and while his life's blood was still flowing from his wounds, his Excellency the Governor, Lord Bel- more, chanced to pass in his carriage on his way to the railway station en route to Sydney, and he pulled up and ordered his men to take the bleeding body of the man into his carriage, and brought it back to the hotel at the railway station. Singular Suicide. — An inquest was held on Friday, the 5th inst. (says the Albury Banner ), at the Hospital, by Captain Brownrigg, on the body of a man named James Dunn, who had been received into the Institution while suffering; from serious wounds on the head. It appeared that deceased had himself inflicted the wounds by the aid of a mortising axe, which he must have held in one hand and repeatedly used — the head being chipped, and gashed in several places. The blows must have been continued until the skull was fractured. Before death the deceased admitted that he done the deed himself, and on being asked to allow some one to wash him, replied curtly, that "he would be- dead in half an hour, and did'nt want anybody to wash him." A member of the family with whom he had been living about thirty years, Mr. Marr, also spoke to him, but was told that he wished to have nothing more to say to anybody. Before this occasion he had never been known to show signs of lunacy, but he had been drinking too freely lately, and had been working under a very hot sun. It is conjectured that these circum stances may have affected the man's mind. The jury returned a verdict of " Killed by wounds self-inflicted while in a state of temporary in sanity." . , ' The Cultivation of Opium.— Mr. Hiley, of Mullengandra, near Albury, has grown this season on his farm the real Turkey Poppy, from which he has obtained a quantity of superior opium, value 55s. per pound. This industry, if properly carried out, would yield large returns to the cultivators, it being estimated that an acre of poppies would produce at least from 251bs. to 301bs., which, at 50s. per lb. would be between ' <£60 and £75. This is an article for which there ' is a good demand in the colonies, and would therefore always meet with ready sale. Another advantage the farmer would have in cultivating this crop is, that he would be always able to get it off before his grain crops were ready for har vesting. — Border Post. Bush-Fire. — Early on the morning of the 1st instant a bush-fire was discovered between Clif ton Grove and Narrambla, and only by the exertions of the Messrs. Lane and others was prevented from extending to the numerous- cultivation paddocks in the vicinity. Material aid arrived from Orange, but owing to a change" of wind the first workers had by that time suc ceeded in getting the fire under. — Western Ex aminer. Detecting Artificially Colored Wines. - — Dr. Phipson proposes the spectroscope for " this purpose. He asserts that naturally colored wines give no definite absorption bands, but only a very general obsorption, greatest towards - the violet ; whereas Brazil wood and so on, pro duce very distinct absorption bands. He adds - water if the wine is too dark. The least sign of an absorption band he deems suspicious. This - may prove of great value.— Journal Franldin Institute. 