T?rE Poranoat PosrroN.--But the mis fortune is that in the present state of publio Saffairs there is an extreme probability of Mr. Parkes treading the self-same path of Sir James Martin, should his Excellency call on the member for Mudgee to form an administration. Doubtless Mr. Parkes would prefer a united government, with himself the centre of its energy and vitality -but where is he to got one P A glance over the list of members of both Houses will show the diffloulty he will have in find ing s'eix colleagues who, without improper ,compromise, could join him in the sucoesseful conduct of publio affairs. We press this point because we conceive that Mr. Parkes will be truly wise if he forego the ousting of the Martinites, even should a tempting opportunity occur. It will condueoo to his real usefulness and to his individual honour shbould he be content to head a formidable opposition,.and to force good measures out of a. bad.government, and in that way, as the moulder of practical legislation, Mr. Parkes would soecure to himself univoreal credit and in all matters (save salary) would hRave thd whlip-hand of the ministers. Allied with Forstor, or Samuel, or Suthoer land, or Butler, the position of Mr. Parkes would become as bad (if not worso) as that of Sir James Martin with Mr. Robertson. Perhaps Mr. Parkes may have his eyes fixed on gentlemen as yet unknown to fame, with whom he intends to co-operate; but unless such be the case (and it is an improbable one), he may rest assured that his wisest policy will be to wait a while. From Mr. Parkes in opposition the country would ex pect real assistance. Enemies and friends would follow him to the breach. From Mr. Parkes in power (in the present aspect of affairs) tlhe country could only oexpect confu sion worse confounded. His enemies and his friends would then fight over the spoils, and his position as a practical statesman would be endangered. Under the pressure of an active opposition, well informed and well organised, Sir James Martin and his friends would be really useofl, the business of the country would be pushed on, and the colony would be blessed, as it were, with halcyon days. Mr. Parkes evidently sub scribes to this view of the utility of a strong opposition. Has he, however, the self denial to forego a want of confidence motion when some happy moment occurs? Of course by these remarks we do not mean to say that the sweets of office must never be hungered after by the honorable member for Mudgesn--that he is for the whole term of his parliamentary career to sit removed from the balmy atmosphere of the treasury hbenoh. But we do mean this, that if Mr. Parkles during the next twelve months or so shall have compelled the government to a satisfactory solution of the border customs duties, to a practical measure of railway ex tension, and to a thorough amendment of the land law, he will have deserved well of his country. In carrying out such a pro grammo he will educate a party with whom he may afterwards faithfully and effectually workl as the head of a united government. And he may rest perfectly certain that any thing short of a united government of men united by feelings and sympathy, will not mooeet with confidence. It may certainly meet with that faint, half-derisive toleration which is accorded to the present coalition cabinet; but after the Mudgee manifesto, it is not to be presumed that mere toleration will suffice the potential intelleot of Henry Parkes.-Yass Courier. AN INOIDENT OF A BUSII- FIRt.-At one of the lower river stations there was a most destructive bush- fire a week or so back, and one of the incidents is worthy of relation. The fire swept right across the run in a re mnarkably short spnce, and a stockman, who was rounding up some cattle with the inten tion of driving them away from the burning portion, was suddenly hemmed in. All his efforts to head the rapidly approaching flames were futile. He galloped as if for his very life, but esocape was impossible. Never did one of Mayne Reid's apooryphal heroes charge as wildly from the advancing prairie-fire as our stookman did; but his horse at last re fused to proceed. Frightened by the flames which surrounded it on all sides, the poor animal stood still; and in order to save him self from a horrible death, the rider had to jump off and run for it. In making his escape he was a good deal scorched. The horse, saddle, and bridle, were burnt to ashes. -Dubbo Dispatch. BEQUEST TO THE BRAIDWOOD HOSPITAL. —A patient died in the Braidwood hospital on Saturday last named Thomas Harding. He was an elderly man and had been in the institution two or three times before under treatment for the complaint from which he had been long suffering. Deceased was not without money, having been a successful digger at Major's Creek in the palmy days of that diggings. He made a will shortly before his death bequeathing £50 to the hospital, and having no relations of his own, he left the remainder of his money deposited at in- terest in the bank as follows:—£160 to Mr. Benmore, the wardsman of the hospital, and £100 to Mr. Routley, an old mate of his at Major's Creek, as well as £50 to Mr. Rout- ley's daughter and two acres of land. It is not often that our local hospital gets hold of such a patient as this, as in addition to this bequest there are about £5 or £6 coming for fees. The wardsman, Mr. Benmore, was an old friend of the deceased's, and no doubt the attentions of himself and wife to deceased were appreciated so much more on that account.— Dispatch. THE rIABILITY OF HORSESHOERS wFOR LAccINc Hot?Es.--At the small debts court, Bathurst, on Wednesday last, a case was heard, the particulars of which may be in toresting, as showinig the responsibility which farrioro incur when a horse is lamed by being badly shod. A drover named W. Dennis (who was the plaintiff in the case) stated in evidence that he took a horse to a blacksmith named Thurling, at Kelso, to be shod. After the shoes were put on, Dennis rode to King's Plains, and on the road the animal fell lame. Upon returning to Kelso, he took the horse to Rivett's black smith shop, where the shoes were removed, and the marks of four nails were observed in the quick of the off fore foot, which bled slightly. After this the hoof began, to fester, and subsequently a portion of it had to be cut away, the animal remaining dead lame. A elaim wasne put in for £10 as the value of the horse;'but the magistrates gave a verdict for £5 and costs.-Bathuret Times. TIHE I'crE AT THIE FsRcENOsm'AN'S REEF. This aooident unfortunately proves to be fully as calamitous as it wees first reported. By it Mr. Torcotti, storekeeper and hotel: keeooper, has lost his all; the entire pre mises, excepting one or two outbuildings, being totally destroyed with almost the whole of their contents. By the accounts furnished us by Mrs. Toretti, we learn that about the middle of the night of Boxing Day, while dancing and other Christmas festivities were going on, her attention was drawn to a low rumbling noise, like that of an engine blowing- off steam, which proved to be the roaring of fire in the store. It had then attained souch volume as to render all attempts to save the place quite hopeless. Among the contents were kerosene, paint oil, spirits, and other inflammable materials, and the work of destruction was speedy. A few trifling articles were saved from the public-house; but with this exeooption, everything was lost to the value of £600 for the buildings and their contents, besides £300 in notes and cheques, which, with singular ill-luck, happened to be on the pre mises at the time.. Nothing positive is known as to the origin of the accident; but it is supposed that a spark was carried by the wind, which was blowing strongly, into the store from a fire which had been kindled outside for cooking purposes. The property was wholly uninsured.--arcoar Chronicle. ExTRaoODINAn Y RECOVERY OF A LOST OasroE.-About six years ago a gentleman of this district, paying an account to a mercantile house in Goulburn, forwarded a cheque for nearly £100 in a letter. It, with other letters, was put in a smallbag, which was unfortunately dropped by the mailman. Upon discovery of the fact, the cheque was of course stopp;d and search made for the bag, but no tidings of either could be heard. Judge the surprise of the drawer of the cheque when about a week ago the bag was handed to him by a shearer. In this bag was recognised the missing letter, and upon opening it he found the cheque, which was not in the least damaged, though exposed for such a period.-Cooma Gazette. Tn.rL?Ts.-On the 30th ultimo, Mrs. Robert Backhouso, of the Clyde Road, Nelligen, presented lier husband with ' Now Year's gift by sinuui'ual increase to their family circle by three beautiful boys. The mother and her sons we are happy to state are doing well. Mrs. Backhouse, who has not reached her fortieth year, is now the mother of eighteen children. The father of this large family has a small farm on the Olyde Road, and we should advisoe him by all means to free select, or probably his possession may not be sufficiently large enough for his increasing family.-Braid wood Monitor. 'orn CULTIVATION OP OPIUo.-Mr. Hiley of Mullengandra has grown this season on his farm the real Turkey poppy, from which he has obtained a quantity of superior opium, value 559. per pound. This industry, if pro perly carried out, would yield large returns to the cultivators, it being estimated that an acre of poppies would produce at least from 25 lb. to 80 lb., which, at 50. per lb., would be between £60 and £75. This is an article for which there is a good demand in the colonies, nod would therefore always meet with ready sale. Another advantage the farmer would have in cultivating this crop is that he would be always able to get it off before his grain crops were ready for harvest in.g-Border Post. SHOOKING TREATMENT OF AN ItEOILE LADY naY nR Soe.--A case of most revolt ing cruelty has just been brought'to light in the village of Cheddar, Somerset. From the statement made to the Uxbridge board of guardians on Tuesday afternoon by their clerk it appears that a few days previously, as inspector of nuisances for the union, he received a complaint from Dr. Lawrence, of Cheddar, immediately upon which he pro ceeded to that parish, and in the dwelling house of a respectable man named R. Cox Gough, he found a sight of a most eicken 'ing nature. Crouched in one corner of a room-the door of which was looked-was Gough'e aged mother (a lady of independent means and most respectably connected, shielding hersely from gaze by holding over her the tattered remains of an umbrella. It was ascertained that the poor woman, who is quite an.imbeoile, .had not been out of this room for two years, the apart ment had not been cleaned f6r months, and the door of the same had not been opened for weeks, food having been passed in to the miserable occupant from time to time through a small broken window. The steneh arising from the various accumula tions in the apartment is described as being most abominable; yet amidst this mass of decomposition Mrs. Gough has resided for months, without even a change of garments being afforded her. Underneath the same roof Gough, his wife, and six children re sided; but their motive for keeping the old lady in such an unnatural manner has not yet transpired. Proceedings have beeni commenced, and an inquiry will ere long be held; but the subject of this dreadful treat ment is not expected to survive. Much in dignation prevails in the district. MsconoY.-The memory of language is quite a distinct faculty, so far as can be judged from recorded instances. Mith ridates, we are told, could converse in their own languages with the natives of twenty three countries which were under his sway. Cardinal Mezzofanti appears to have had this faculty in a stronger degree than any other person that over lived. While educat ing for the priesthood he learned Latin, Greek, Hebrew, Arabio, Spanish, Frenoh, German, and Swedish. As a professor at some of the Italian Universities, he con setantly added to his store; until at the age of forty- three, he could read in twenty lan guages and converse in eighteen. In 1841, when he was sixty-seven years old, he was well acquainted with Portuguese, English, Dutch, Danish, Russian, Polish, Bohemian, Soervian, Magyar, Turkish, Irish, Welsh, Wallachian, Albanian, Bulgarian, Illyrian, Lettish, Lappish, as with the languages which he had first learned; while to Arabic he added Persian, Sansorit, Koordish, Geor gian, Syriac, Chaldee, Samaritan, Chinese, Coptio, Ethiopie, Abyssinian, and other Asiatic and African tongues. At the time of his death, 1849, Mezzofanti, could write eloquently and converse fluently in more than seventy languages. Js'wcscr BARONITs.-There are now four Jewish.baronets. The first Jew made a barotlet was Sir Isaac Lyon Goldsmid, who received a baronetcy from Lord Melbourne's government in 1841. The next was Sir Moosee Montefiore, who received his baronetoy from the outgoing conservative government of Sir Robert Peel, in 1846. Sir Moses was the first Jewish knight, his knighthood having been conferred in 1837, on the occa sion of his being one of the sheriffs of Lon don when the then youthful queen dined with the lord mayor and corporation on the first lord mayor's day succeeding her acces sion. In the same year the liberal govern ment of Lord John Russell made Sir Anthony Rothohild a baronet, the baronetcy having first been offered to and refused by his eldest brother, Baron Lionel do Roths child. Sir Isaaco Lyon Goldsmid, who, after becoming an English baronet, was made a baron by the Portugese government, and adopted the foreign title (de Goldsmit and da Palmoria) in preference to the English designation, was succeeded by his son, the present baronet, SirFrancis Goldsmit, M.P., Q.C, who, with great good taste, elected to adopt the English title of baronet rather than the Portugoee title of baron. The fourth baronet is Sir David Solomons. It is very singular that these four baronets have no direct heirs. Two are widowers. There is, excepting Sir Moses, whose knighthood may be said to have merged in his baronet age, but one Jewish knight, Alderman Sir Benjamin Phillips. The late great philan thropist, David Sassodn, was a Knight of the Order of the Star of India.-Jewish Chronicle. A FATHER ATTEMPTING TO ROAST HIS 80N. -Between two and three o'clock on Friday morning week, while Constable A. Murray, O. Division, was proceeding along his beat in East Nelson-street, he found a little boy lying sound asleep on a stair, and having repeatedly during the last six months found the same youth in similar circumstances, he (Murray) took the unfortunate youngster home to his father's house, Coalmill-street, Camlaohie. The police rapped at the door, and the boy, whose name is Wm. Ferguson, aged eight years, was admitted by an elder brother. Murray, knowing that the father James Ferguson, a plasterer, was in the habit of ill-treiting. his son, remained out side, along with Constable John O'Hara, in ordec to watch the course of events. The father of the boy it should-be stated, was sitting on a chair stupefied with drink, and his--mother was lying in bed drunk. Fer guson, sippbsirn' the polico had gone, com menced to abuse his little son, whereupon Murray and O'Hara entered and cautioned him as to his conduct, intimating at the same time that in the event of their having again to interfere they would take him into custody. The pair then went out of the house, but remained at the window (the house being on the ground flat) in order to watch the conduot of Ferguson towards his little son. Thinking the coast was clear, so to speak, Ferguson again attacked the youth, striking him such a violent blow as sent him reeling into a corner. On getting up he was again knocked down by the maniao father, who swore that he would hang him up by the neck. Afterwards, however, he changed his mind, threatening that he would roast him to death, and with the view of putting his threat into exeoution, seized hold of the trembling urchin, and thrust him under the fire-grate. Immedia tely afterwards he pulled him out and placed him on top of the burning coals. At this juncture the two constables forced open the door, rescued the unfortunate boy, and scoured the father, if snuch he may be called. Ferguson was taken to the police-office, and the poor boy, who was cut and bleed ing and burned about the head, was also taken in charge by the officers. James Fer ruson, the father, was brought before Baillie Matthieson at Friday's police-court on a charge of having assaulted his son, and the case, as narrated, having been clearly es tablished, the magistrate remarked the as sault was the most brutal that ever came be fore him. He sentenced Ferguson to be imprisoned thirty days, and in reference to the cruelly ill-treated boy, he was sent for five years to an industrial school. REMARKABLE FULFILOENT OF A DREAsc . An inquest was held at Crews on Friday night respecting the death of John Sparks, a young man twenty years of age, employed at Wheelock Iron Works, and whose body was found in a terrible condition on the Manehoster down line, near Orewe station, early the same morning. Deceased was-in the habit of walking biisne to his father's house every night, and on the way he crossed the line where he met his death. The poor fellow's diary contained an entry to the effect that for the three preceding nights in succession he had dreamed of coming to a horrible end, and he concluded with the couplet "What is to come has to come, God's will be done." The verdict of the jury was accidental death. Tnu EwFFEars OF ExanrPLE.-The follow ing is an interesting and affecting incident, which took place during the late festal entry of the Second Division into Dantzio. When General von Treokow had reached the gal lery reserved for wounded soldiers, he stop ped hIis horse, addressed them in a few warm words, and consigned to them the garland of laurel with which he had just been presented. His example was imme diatoly followed by all his officers. It was a touching spectacle. Amid the thundering hurrahs of the assembled multitude the offi cers removed their laurel-orowns from their helmets to lay them at the feet of the wounded, who were in an instant surroun ded by men and women eagerly pressing forward to nresent them with flowers and other tokens'of their gratitude and admira tion while the magistrates poured out for them the wine of honour. SA PROTESBTAcNT SOHOOL IN ROM.-Mrs. Gould's school, which is numbered amongst the Scandals of Rome by English infallibists, is very largely "attended. This lady began with two children three months ago, and there are now sixty little pupils learning to read and write, and sing little hymns in Italian. Mrs. Gould does not seek out the children. She opened the school, and their parents send them willingly, in spite of the opposition of one or two priests who have interfered with the sohool.-Eoho. Polsosous.-Ths London OChemist and Druggist asserts that babies are being poi soned in a wholesale way by being fed through tubes composed of "India-rubber dissolved in ten per cent. of bisulphide of carbon, and thickened with white lead, resin, and sometimes oxysulphuret of antimony, from which when it comes into contact with the milk, snlphurotted hydrogen is evolved, and lactate of lead formed in the stomach." THE PYItAMIDs.-There are thirty-eight pyramids in number altogether- some having beon originally built of stone, and others of brick; and they all staod in the Lybian De sort, on the western side, and above the level of the Nile Valley. Mony of them are in a very ruinous condition; and one unfortunate monument in the list, Pyramid I, of Saccara, is marked "rubbish only." EXTrAOIOmnAa Y RO~.aLNiE.-A short time since an old lady, living in one of the small streets leading out of Albany-street, Regent's Park, close to what was once the Colosseum, entered the shop of Mr. - , a poultererin the neighbourhood, and purchased achicken. The tradesman was attentive to her, as such people ought to to be, and the lady became a customer, always coming to the shop and giving her own orders. She appeared to be very old, but td have all her faculties about her. One Saturday evening she came when the poulterer happened to be very busy. She said she wished to speak to him, and he asked her to walk into the little parlour be hind the shop, and he would come to her the moment he was disengaged. In the airlour ehe met the daughter of the poulterer, and after some conversation, in the course of which she remarked that the girl looked ill, and required change of air, she produced a parcel tied up'in paper, and said, " give this to your father as he is busy and cannot come, and I cannot wait. I wish him to take you away for a little change, and here is something that will enable him to dose." She placed the parcel in the girl's hand, and told her to look it up in a cupboard to which she pointed. The girl did so and thought no more of the matter; but when, some hours subsequently the ehop was closed, and her father came into the parlour to get his supper, she produced the parcel, and gave the message by which it was accompanied. The poulterer laughed as he untiedit; but, to his amazement, the parcel was found to consist of bank-notes and gold to the value of £1000. There was also in it an antique watch and chain. The next day Mr.- hurried round to his customer to thank her, when she desired hinm to take his daughter out of town for a few days, and on their return to inform her of their arrival. This, of course, was done. A day or two after their return she called at the shop of Mr. \- , and said she wished him to come to her house to tea, accompanied by his daughter. As they were about to leave, after partaking of her hospitality, she said to Mr. --, "I wish you particularly to call on me to morrow morning, and bring with you two respectable persons upon whom you can rely." The next morning Mr. -- at tended, accompanied by the curate of the parish and a neighbour. The old lady then said that she was upwards of ninety years of age, and had no relative living but a cousin, an attorney, who, she alleged, had not treated her well, and by whom she said she had lost £20,000. She added that she was resolved that the attorney should not get anything belonging to her, and she had asked Mr. -- to attend with two witnesses, in order that she might transfer to him, for his own absolute use, the £25,000 to which she had referred. She added that she knew what she was about, and that by giving him the money while she was alive, instead of bequeathing it to him at her death, he would be saved the payment of legacy duty to the extent of £2000. This announcement appeared to be of so singular a nature that the clergyman veryproperly suggested that a solicitor should be sent for. The man of law came accordingly, and the transfer was duly effeoted. The old lady's presentiment of approaching dissolution proved to be cor root, as she died a few weeks after making this singular disposition of her property. It seems that before her death she had intended to give the money to a chemist with whom she used to deal, but he had offended her by some inattention to her wishes. The moral of this story (of the substantial acouracy of which there can be no doubt whatever) is, that civility costs nothing, and may sometimes yield a rich reward. AN INDraw REnEDY Oa Saont EYES.-A correspondent of the Delhi Gazette asks: "Did you ever try the use of common sugar in the cases of sore eyes ? I know that Mahouts always put sugar into elephants' eyes when they are bad at all. A man here had very bad eyes in the hot weather. The doctor applied lotions and caustic, but did no good; so I made him bathe them with sugar and water, and hewas cured in a few days." OLD CLovT s.--Mr. Redgrave in the Dark Blue tells some wonderful facts about old clothes. Amongst other things, he tells us that he has heard of a manufacturer who manured a field with rags, took off two crops of potatoes, then raked up the rags again, washed them, and manufactured them once more into cloth. We confess to a feeling of'degradation at the idea of wearing two year-old manure; but we are not prepared to dispute the dictum that "the man who can thus utilize waste, and transform what is apparently refuse into good sound raw material, and turn it into a serviceable fabric, deserves well of his countrymen." We only want now to be told what is done with the old shoes; can they-we hesitate to hint it, but after the potatoes we feel em boldened-can they not be turned into good sound portable soup P EXPLOIT OF A GERMAN DESPERADO. A fire broke out in the middle of the building forming the house of correction, at Bruohsal, in Baden, by which the octagonal tower,.the church, the .school, and tlfd adjoining bureaux, were completely burnt down. Shwible, a dangerous convict, who had been dismissed from this institution two years ago, had bees again apprehended a few days before the fire occurred. This miscreant had broken open the look of his cell, and finding the gaolers room adjoining was open, he put. on the official coat and sword, and took possession of the keys of the church, which were hanging up there. On being pursued, the dariog and dangerous culprit ran through the churchb, and climbed up to the roof, and withimmense strength pulled out large square stones from the wall, which he threw down, so that no one could approach without endangering their lives. Intrenched in his hiding-plane, he set fire to the roof, which, being almiost all of wood, wis quickly in flames; and the fire-brigade, who hastened to the spot, were only able to save the adjoining wing of the building and the prisoners' cells. The seantry fired at the culprit, who disappeared, but it was not known whether he had fallen with the burnt-off roof, or had escaped in the confusion. All the cells nearest to the part on fire were vacated, and the prisoners placed in the callers. In the meautime, "where was Sohwible? Had he escaped, or was he dead?" 'Esoape was, however, scarcely possible, as he, the originator of the fire, had himself out off every means of flight. That he should have thrown himself into the flames was not likely, as although he was a very desperate character, he was not consid ered a man at all likely to commit suicide. At last it was thought possible that he might be hiding under the floor in the gallery, and true enough Sohwiible was there. When he found that he was discovered, he stodd up, sword in hand, like a raging demon, and a fierce and bloody fight ensued. Covered with wounds, he was thrown down from the tower, six storeys high, into the prison-yard below; but still Schwiible was saved from death, for he fell into a cart full of rubbish. He was then placed under medical care, but he has paid for this exploit with his life, as he has sines died at his wounds. A CuIoveUS AOTION.-A correspondent at Marseilles says, that in that town, especially among the Greek residents, much interest is awakened concerning a lawsuit of unusuanal oharacter which is about to be commenced against M. Bene.letti. It appears that when M. Benedetti was consul in Egypt he met Mldlle. Anoetasis, daughter of Kyrios Anas-e tiois, a rich Alexandrian merchant, and the young lady became Madame Benedetti, bringing to her husband a goodly dower, and eventually the whole of the large fortune of the merchant. It was, however, well known in Alexandria that Madame Benedetti was : not the daughter of Kirios Anastasis, but i had been purchased when very young from a slavo merchant, who had brought her to Egypt after the war in the Morea. She was. : adopted and brought up by the purchaser as his daughter; and on his decease his two nephews protested against what they esteemed the alienation of a fortune which should have been theirs, but owing to the influential position of M. Benedetti, no legal steps were. taken at the time. It is said, however, that they have now placed the matter in the hands of two able Parisian advocates, and that legal proceedings are about to commence. It is long since science entered the list against the thief; who, notwithstanding, has: managed to laugh at escientifle looks and bars, nod safes, and to go on his way rqeioioing, Two Berlin engineers have now contrived an: apparatus of an unusually ingenious kind,. which may prove a puzzler to the most gifted of thieves. It is thus described bya Berlin correspondent:--" It consists of en electro-magnetio ·miaohinery for bolting the: officodoors from the manager's or cashier's desk. The construction is similar to that of, electric bells, a knob being fastened to the'; desk or counter." Under the title of How we Lost India, a - writer in the Pioneer has given us a clever Anglo-Indian version of the Battle of Dor- : king. It describes the conquest of India by the Russians, and their mode of governing the conquered country. Having swallowed Persia first, and entered into a league with ' Turkey, Spain, Prussia, and Italy, the great' Northern Power seals up Egypt, and then sends forth the invading hosts through the Khaibar Pass. They make short work of the small British force left at Peehawar, and proceed to attack our main army posted on the Butlej. Of course our brave countrymen perform miracles of valour, but in vain. The Sepoys with their Enfields are no matoh' for the foe, and we have no mitrailleurs in ? the field. Our left gets finally crushed for want of the right ammunition, the centre broken and driven back in confusion, the reserve itself is forced to surrender, and only the shattered right wing imakes good its retreat to Delhi, thence to Fort William, and finally *to England. The Russianse establish a purely military government, the native princes are alldeposed, the knout and - the spy system flourish everywhere, orime is sternly repressed, justice promptly if rudely' rendered, trade and industry encouraged, and the native nobles crushed and humbled. Alarge revenue is obtained by farming the taxes to leading natives, under heavy'' penalties alike for extortion and default of: payment. Some twenty millions of 'surplus" " are yearly remitted to St. Petersburg. The Russian language is taught in all the schools, ?': fakeers and other medicants are suppressed, violence offered to a Ruaeiain is punished with death, and everyone has to salute the Russian uniform. The great Brahmo apostle himself, K. 0. 8., gets knouted for daring to' "comment unfavourably on the despotid nature of the Russian rule," and flies to London, where he is received as a martyr. Sanitation is carried on everywhere with a high hand, and cholera almost ceases to' appear in an epidemic form.-[And how long would Russia be able to keep India in these conditions? The vast empire contains the seeds of decay within her own borders. -ED. Army and Navy Gazette.] It has been said that an Irishman is at peace only when he is in a quarrel; a Scotch man at home only when he is abroad; and an Englishmen is contented only when find ing fault with something or somebody : it is now added that a captious, busy, blustering, impetuous American (a compound of the three) is at the height of felicity only when he is in all these tumultuous conditions at the : same time. '"Did you ever know such a mechanical genius as my son?" said an old lady, "He has made a fiddle all out of his own head, and he has wood enough for another." This world is a world of struggle; but it iis not true that to be compelled to struggle is a misfortune. To live is to struggle. Every' human being has to struggle, and it is the'' point of vitality and viotory. 