MIBCELLAHY. Serious bush-fires have been burning in 4uany parts of the Western district daring the last t^o days. ' Reporte<have reached the Warrnamhopl Standard th^t n^any miles of fencing have been burned on the Quamby. Station, while the owners of Kangatang ana Kilmprey, apdof other properties In that vicinity,, are also sufferers, fires have also bMn*ltagtog 'fat Gatv6c' attd Tallangatta. Ti^veUers coming towards: Warrn&mbool; .' from up-country Tccillties mfdmf'tlfl thkt, twnvin wbftt direction tjtiey would,!they saw the signs of me; and we much fear that, when the full result? are knowst there will .1)4 a heavy reckoning tor these ivr'o days of heat. Some enterprising gentlemen in the Cam pprdown district are about to start a rabbit preserving fafctoiy in the Stony.Rises, .about eight or nine miles east from Cdtnperdown. fTlie Hampden Qttardlan says tlitiJ whole matter tifcs .been reduced to figftreB.'totfiit 1ms been ascertained tiiat all the plant a^id buildings required can be laid -down upon the ground at a very moderate cost.' So far. as the rabbits are concerned, there can be no difficulty whatever; they ate so numerous an<J easily Bnared that trie only fe^r is that they shortly, will not have, sufficient susten ance to keep them fat enough for preserving. In the'northern part of the Rises, they have already eaten up all the grass andpolisnedoff the thistles, ana are now beginning to tackle the ferns. ; The destroyer of tjie locust, or larg^grass hopper is on the track of the pest, if we . can credit the correspondent of the . Ararat Advertiser, who writes from Longerenong. "The writer," says the Advertiser, "'has been a resident of the Wimmera country for many years past, and is a man of close obser vation, and he states that a variety of the ichneumon fly will eventually relieve Vic toria of a visitation which prohiised in a ye&r; or two to become a terrible plague. These flies, our correspondent states, deposit their eggs in the locust, and destroy it. Longere nong is at present visited by myriads of these flies, which are in number quite suffi cient td grapple with the locusts. It is believed that the young of the coming gene ration will be destroyed in this way before they are able to deposit their eggs. It this be so, we may confidently look forward to the disappearance of the pest The writer, Mr. T. Davey, claims to be the first who has dis covered the fact." Considerable alarm is caused just now amongst the owners of cattle around the township of MaidBtone by the sudden death of nearly 30 head within the last 10 days. The animals are in good condition, and ap parently well, but drop down suddenly, and die in a few minutes. Post-mortem examina tions of two of the animals have revealed ap pearances which induce a supposition of vegetable poisoning being the cause. It has also been reported from Campbell field that cattle have died there from apparently a similar cause. We believe that the chief of the veterinary depart ment has taken steps to procure speci mens of the herbage found in the stomachs of the deceased stock, which will be submitted both to the Government botanist and the Government analytical chemist for report. It seems probable that through the scarcity of good grasses on the plains, occa sioned by the present spell of dry weather, the stock have been compelled to eat plants of a poisonous nature, which would otherwise have been refused. Taken in conjunction with the numerous deaths'along the coast line between St. Kilda and Cape Schank, the matter would appear to be specially worthy the attention or the Agricultural depart ment. The difficulty in investigating occur rences of thiB kind suggests the necessity of bringing without further delay all the sub-agricultural departments into proper control. 