Cht Waltarofl Ctims. WAI/LAJiOQ: SATCBDAY. DECEMBg® 13, 1873. A very slight consideration of South Australian politics most lead to the con clusion t&at; the time lias nearly arrived when the events of ihe BesBion may be, 8D2nmed up. lis all human probability th6 prorogation trill take place during esaaing week, Jiuustera will go into recess with the consciousness that they have, to the extent of capacities which they must confess are limited, carried on the labors and duties connected with responsible government in the colonies. We ma^ very readily under stand that they would rather, from a natural affection for success, have pre ferred that their policy should have re-: ceived affirmation in Parliament and so have become law ; but we. may just as easily conceive that they will regard with a becoming spirit of complacency, the necessity that it seems probable will arrive of again traversing what is becom ing time honored and well worn ground, by introducing Road and Education Bills. A Eoad Bill, it must be admitted, is a very easy affair in the first instance. Several'Ministers have tried their hands with ono, and the same result has ensued. According to the ruling of the Speaker to say that this is making a farce of legis lation would be unparliamentary; but to describe it more accurately would prove a.: difficult task. Education, it would appearyis a question that is entirely beyond the grasp of many members of the' Coaucil. Whatever doubt there may be that it should be compulsory through out the colony, that it would be advisable .to send a good schoolmaster into the Couucil and compel lion, members to have a good secular education afforded them at the national cost during four hours per diem, until they should be able to. pass an examination that need not be more severe than the half yearly ones at the ordinary Government schools, is a fact that has been placed by themselves beyond question. The money thus ex | pended would be profitable to the colony. Apart from the general view that it is nat ural to take -at the close of a session there is the local one, by which we en deavour to sum up the gain that has ! accrued to the district from' tbe labors, directly or indirectly, of its representa tives. Of late years we have certainly been able to congratulate our members, although their efforts have been fruitless in some'instances, on what they have been able to accomplish in others. To the miners, it was no slight boon when Mr H. Kent Hughes succeeded in ob taining for them the right to cut timber 'and quarry stone on Waste Lands of the Grown, for their own use, free of cost. Then, again, when he obtained for them the-right to occupy half-acre allotments, with a property in the improvements effected thereon,.a concession was made t^hem. Jfe/yaJgLe of .which is every day more appreciated. Last year owing to most persevering efforts it Was not only decided that the district should be; severed, in the representation, from Fort Adelaide, but it had three members ac corded to it. The result of these con cessions may be estimated; apart from, .their direct value. They have prepared t he way for a more accurate appreciation on the part of the Assembly of the im portance of the Peninsula. This is to be observed in a variety of ways. Money is voted for it with which roads and other public works are constructed. In the. Assembly there was no opposition raised to the proposed line between Kadi ua and Port -Wakefield. The only objection made to it was on the part of members who wished id improve upon the plan proposed by the Government. All this is, we submit, very encouraging. Whatever the fate of the Kadina and Fort Wakefield Sailwaf Bill might have been, in con sequence of the folly of the Council, it was certain to become law at an early period of time. A very creditable amount of really hard labor, has met with what is, if looked at as a whole, aucpgss of a marked description. No one can be better aware, than we, that there is a great deal yet to be done before the dis trict can receive anything like a due mea sure of justice at the hands of the Legis* lature.This is no time for resting upon the oars. What we wish to point out is that, despite the little that there may ap pear to have been 4o»e there is still encouragement to persevere. There is one matter it is only right should be pointed out. Very likely, when the election shall come round, some persons will be found asking what the representatives of the district bavp done for it. To agree with them that more might have been accomplished is quite possible, and yet, at the same time, Messrs Hu&hes; and Puncin may be acquitted from all blatne. The people on the Peninsula have often been taunted by enemies to the prosperity of the place, wjth not having made their wants known, and urging these upon the Government. This, it is almost unnecessary to remark, is not in accordance with facts. But there -is ground for saying that the ffiembere for the district have not had theiir hands strengthened by co- operation I from without Parliament i# tfce ly^y the^r "might have reasonably expected. Best | deuts at Moonta and J£adina. seem $0 have been too busy eharebroking and mining to give any heed to politics; and at Wallaroo, they are, politically speak ing, but a feeble folk. An instance of what!we mean is afforded hy the Kudina Political Association, which commenced with!most vigorous pretensions, main week & roots be'adj ciatio! nient tainejl a sickly existence for two or *hrsee , and then died as having neither' nor moisture. There was,, it must mitted, plenty of worTi TorTlre^A^b n to have attempted the accomplish'^ of. We believe that very- possibly if it had worked on the attention of Par liament- might have been directed to the desirability of a line of ^.railway from Kadina to the northern areas, instead ot the tvro small lines to Ports Brou;»hton and Firie. And there ought, certainly, to ha re been a strong recommendation made | respecting the survey of two or three |agrieultural areas near to this im" portatit mining district. But if people will not make any efforts to help themselves they bught-not to feel surprise if.no other help is vouchsafed to them. Sup posing the Kadina and Port Wakefield Line to become an accomplished fact^ we hope that at the next election, a firm stand "will be made by the electors, that their representatives shall- endeavour to procure the survey of land, adapted for agricultural purposes, in the locality. The crops on Q-reeu's Plains this year, despite the dry season, are evidence of what the land on the Peninsula will do when properly farmed. The action taken by the Council this season towards the Peninsula, affords abundant evidence that reform is required in the constitution of that body. Whilst the colony was very young indeed to have it in one district might have been all very well; but the time has arrived wheij. it might be divided into several. To 'illus trate this proposition one may ad&^'&N1;? position: of the Peninsula at the present time. If it were a district returning its own members to the Conncil as well as to the Assembly, it could not have received such scurry treatment as this session has been accorded to it. In theory it is all very good to say that members for the Assembly sit for the whole province as well as for their districts, but thejact remains that they sit for their districts as well as for tne province. They are charged with local as well as colonial intei ests. The sooner we can sayi the same for! Members of the Council; the better. The mail steamers of the P; and O. Company, will not .pay light dues for three years from the date of their first calling at Glenelg. The Sharebrokers object to Mr Barrow's Act, which proposed to lirake the Annual Licenjfo fee. £25, and to compel each broker to give security to the extent pf £1,Q00 that he will not buj and sell on his own jaccount save through another broker. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has granted to.-the Directors of the Cricketing Association *W1 power iver the ground of the Torke's Penin sula Race-course, during the week, on which the All Englanil Eleven play on the Peninsula. To this the Directors of the United Extended Mine, Who have .tjeen communicated with; have offered no objection. -"The permission of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, for k committee to have control over the sports in th|e shape of coursing, shooting, &c.;, to take place the Yorke's Peninsula Race-course »on Boxing id»y, has been obtained, aud conse quently proper precautions will be made and car-, ried out. The programme of the sjiorts-'Svill, we understand,' appear'ih oar next issued '"""" ■ o lit the House of A>eemblv, on Wednesday, the Kadina and Port Wakefield Railway Bill, as spoilt bv the Council, was agreed to. In fact, there was no way for members of the Assembly to do but to-agree, at this period of the session, with the-vagaries of the members of the other Chamber. Otherwise, the Bill would have bee.* lost. These appears tobe .every probability that the Company to: be formed for constructing baths, and bath houses at Wallaroo will be a- success. The program tpp |s not issued at present because some^ couimunications with the pynerg of pfopertv in the localityr The site that is chosen will be fenced in, add the RailroM Com pane would put pitpspngers down at a stage within one hundred yards ofifc, ; The first steamer under the contract of the Victorian Government, with tne P. & O. Co., is to leave Grille, on January 19, and to reach : Glene'g, on February 9. The temporary service between Sydney and San Francisco, is to be j open£4 in ponrse of a few days; and the Sunfoo, a steamer that h^s bgeq jhg fjlijtm trade,wa« expected to reach Brisbane on Thursday via the Torres Straits Route. The weather has been hot on the Peninsula lately, but nbt worse than elsewhere. The Mel correspondent of the Register wrote in the early part of jtbe week that th^ thpjijjqnieter wa 102 in the shade and every day buebfircs were breaking out,! necessitating volunteers to turn out | and kt-ep them down. This is bad for the begin ning of fcum'tn<»r. At Port Augusta, the ther njoingteJ"Ppoofl at J.08 in the shade and 152.-in the sun. . 1 .. " • i , ■ Pght Darwin news is to the effecfc -th^tP^the" schooner An&Iagisfca;, that used to trade in this Gulf recently, Bprank a leak, filled, and iprent 4gjF# in the harbor. The news respecting the gold reefs is conflicting butt^ere appears to be no question whatever that a large number of the Gold Mining Company's formed have been arrant swindles on the public. These have been some fearful bushfires in the porth, and cattle, and sheep, are said to have been destroyed by the ?hgusat}d. near to Melrose. The run of Mr H. 4-nga9, and that pf tjie Hoji.! 4- S. Murray, at WiUowie, find Wirrabarra,' have, it is reported suffered fearfully. It is also , reported that considerable damage has been done' at the aivas, but.' evidence fo what amount is at .present conflicting, The station at Beetatoo belonging to the Messrs lieid, lias also been burnt. ■. The chances of Mr E. Ward, procuring an amendment of the I/oi-al Court. Act—a subject which we are.glad to say he seems much inter ested in—seem exceedingly remote. But per severance can work wonders, and we have little doubt Mr Ward will'see the advisability of per* 'severing. The h'on. member, in all human prob ability, will see.thenecessity for the reform he a llocates just as much nuriug the next session, as he lins done during the present one. And perhaps; his convictions may bo even snore intense. At the Adelaide Police Court, on Wednesday, P. Kanavan, a broker, was charged by J. S. Stewart, another broker, with assault. It appeared that defendant- demanded 8s commission for the_ sale of 28 bales of wool. Informant -denied owing the money, and defapdant . then struck him. Then Mr Stewart twice put defendant in the gutter after both of which experiences the - assault Was ren?wcd. - Then he. was guttered again and on rising, pulled informant's whiskers, putting his fingers ;.in informant's - Tfionlh'. Defendant; elected to have the case sent in to the Supreme Court, and the' Magistrate accepted bail. for. his appearancc in the sum of £50. a WELL attended meetit^g of members of the Yorte'e Peninsula Cricki'ting Association, took pfyee on Wednesclay evening, at the Cornucopia Hotel. There weve several gentlemen present from Kudina, they having engaged a special truck to bring them down, and take them ba°k ; and Moonta was also represented. Proceedings were commenced by. .tb^.advertisement,-setting forth the object.of the meeting, being read, after which the minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. - - Alter a slight discussion it wa* then proposed, seconded, and unanimously agreed to, that on account of its accessibility, and "be cause it could not be overlooked "from any sur rounding eminence, the Yorke's Peninsula race course would be the most suitable ground for the proposed -match totake place upon. Some "discussion then took place as to who should play in the match against the Eleven,and the secretary, rM.r. A. maunders,, was requested to state'what rep'y he had r«ceived from the Secretaries of Cru-kfi GjUIss, who hud beeu communicated with respecting the advisability of a coach - 'being selected with the view of a team being specially trained. It appeared' that oiiiy two Clubs had taken the trouble to reply j one, the Eadiua Juuior Club, offering £5 towards the necessary expense, and the Wallaroo Club, suggesting that the expeuse of getting a coach should be borne by the Association. A long diecuSsiou then fol lowed, and it was ultimately agreed that the Directors should take whatever steps they might oonsider it to be advisable in the matter. The usual vote of thanks brought proceedings to a close: " A Vietori n contemporary says that—" Of all Colonial frauds the. Kangaroo dog is the biggest and most shameless. He is popularly supposed to hunt and catch kangaroos, but he invariably doesn't. In breed he is somewhat like a greyhound, but bigger—-more hulking aitd lazy looking; he is ever out of condition, and a Hippo-campus is a Tichbourne claimant to him. His chief occupation is catching fleas and stealing, —when he is not engaged in either of these pur suits, to which he pays particular attention, he is lying on his side and yawning audibly.- He never fattens; if he steals a barrel of pork and eats it. he looks as if had consumed. the bairel and -not the meat.. Mark Twain said of a dog he owned, that he " looked as if he liad gorged himself on & spiral springand a well-bred kangarob dog always offers you the suggestion that if you were to press h>s jaws and tail together, he would spring back like a sofa seat., Sometimes he gets, big cuts on his side and head, and" his . owner swear* be got them tackling an "old man" or " foresterbut he lies, for a thousj.n l to.one he threw a kuife at the brute as he was making off with a joint of meat. He is mangy-looking, and generally as bare behind as a monkey* because, he" sits down iso often." On taking him "to the happy hunting grounds " he boits in the byslj and waits till you are tired, and then comes back and persuades you ~ into the belief that he has hounded down lots of game ; i>ut lie hasn't, and you may search for his prey as long as you like. If a man says to you, " I'll give you a splendid kangaroo dQg—a clipper," regar4 him with sua picionand diafrusl—he has designs on your peace of mind. You can't eat the animal, sell him, or take him about; you can't even lose him. As for " watching "—I believe he has a fellow feeling for a .thief, and will chuckle at a burglar entering your prepiises by night. Icgqkj fell y-m oii}ch taove of the vforthle^sness of k^ng^roo 404s, but I have gaid enough to sav§ you from eier buying or accepting Qne. If you are bent on your ruin, keep one for a month, and you will find that you might as well have had a first-class fire, or truij^d a racehorse, The ne«-s from the reefs in the Northern Ter ritory (savs the Argus) brought by the Gothen burg is not. altogether rosy. If it were only looked at as mining intelligence, and as evidence us to the mineral prospers of the North, it woul 1 iiqt he at all dMi'uurnging. jtat miriin^ at forf Darwin has reached .the epei-uluiion stage, an<l the floating of companies has proceeded to an extent utterly disproportionate to the operations of t|ie miner. The reports of astonishing finds wliii-h have for some time been supplied to the ilsq$Uj sober und Captious Adelaide public hare been awppted yyith the greatest- &V;»dity, ; Of course where the demand is great the supply is , active, and according to our Port Darwin «orres pondent, sOing very enterprising things have been done in this branch of industry. False telegrams JiRve bepn fabricate^ ; suppose^ reeff j 1 $ig middle of swamps have %een used \as foundation for unstable companies, and " swindles innumer able have been floated." But the time of col lapse has come,. and1 " Adelaideians have at last opened their eyes to the fact that they bare been $£regiQu$ij swindled," JTfft that thp^ is no gqid there. On the contrary, gold has been found in a very larga number of. reefs, and it is likely that when proper machinery is erected, and the mines are developed, a large and productive gold field will be established. But at present the 44elaicje speculations aric| the Yan} Cregk pros pects bare ?ery little relation or connexign one i with tlie other. If capitalists who have sought ft field of investment have in many cases been disappointed, working miner* who have sought at the Northern mines a field for their labour have not met with much' more encouragement. A large number of those who arrived there the other i day fcy the Gothenburg were utterly unp otided .with the resources necessary for prospecting the country, and on ascertaining how the case stood many returned without going up the country at alL But if these men had attended to the warn ings which the press has given from time to time they might have known ali this without going to tort Darwin to" learn it. The fact cannot be too clearly understood that it is useless to expect to do any -good at mining in North Australia unless a man goes amply provided with stores, tooN, provisions, means of transit, and all requisites, and some capital besides, and also that with all of these conditions the undertaking must for some time be a hazardous one. '1HE Australasian says:—" Mr "W. G. Grace. and his team are now-wpidly approaching our shorep. We learn by telegraph that they left Galle in the R.M.S.S. Nubia, on Monday morn ing, 241'i November. An average passage should bring her to the bay about Suuday, 14th. „Ws understand that .the proprietors'of'the ^melting Works intend erecting new offices on the allotments of land leased by them with a water frontage, west of the Smelting Works, and between these and the jetty. A quantity of building stone has already been placed on the ground. ^ In the Legislative Council on Wednesday the Education Bill was negatived by a majority of three, the names of the members votiug for being as follows Messrs Elder, Hay, Parkin, Sand over, Turlton, ind the Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). The members who roted against wereMessrs Crozi>r, Duffield, Dunn, English, Fisher, Hogarth, Murray, Storrie, and Morgan (teller). This vote must be interpreted to mean tihat in the opinion of the majority of the Council it is advisable there should annually some thou sands of the children in the colony grow up un taught, ignorant, uncultivated, to supply food for the gaols, and a harvest for the hangman. What" steps the Governmenc may take in the matter are not known. 2Egi.es writes in the Australasian :—" Weather Brace hasn't got over an ecstncy of amusement at the Marine Board's admonition to Captain Da vies, ot the Dallam Tower. * I often wonder,' he says • that there are so few accidents at sea. 'Twenty years ago I was in the coasting trade for a while. Most coasting captains were exempt from taking pilots. I was with one, as clever a seaman as I ever knew—but a drunkard. Very lucky always, and made quick passages. I men tion no nauies, for he was very good to his men, and had but the one fault. One night, coming into the Heads, it 'was blowing a gale of .wind. ."I was at the schooner's wheel. There was the the skipper, ' Mind how—N.E. by E. i E.'— peak halliards of mainsail gone—mate drunk forward jawing the men. Everything in uproar. I shoved the old man right down the companion way, and there he lay. When we got in the fairway, not wishing to be sailing all night and. begin discharging in the morning without rest, as all the coasters did, we let go the anchor. When the skipper awoke at davlight he cursed and swore some—wanted to know. why the mate let go the anchor P The inen in the mate's watch Slid the mate ordered it to be let go, and so did I. . One (fellow bolder than the rest clinched it by.-saying:—* You ordered it to be let go your self ; .you said it.was too dark—you could'nt see to take her through the channel.' • That's a lie,' said he, ' I never saw the night yet I.couldn't take her up with a fair wind: I believe yon were all drunk!' ' Of course we were,' said an Irish A.B., * barrin' yourself and the mate:" I shouldn't wonder if this twenty-years old yarn might be told of some later voyagers." The Coonatto Bun murder case has been mon opaiifring a good deal of time at the Supreme Court this week. Mr Stow appeared with the Crown Solicitor for the prosecution and this prisoner was defended by Messrs Way and Ingleby. The name of the murdered man was Frederick Burt and the prisoner was William Ridgwa*. The circumstances of the case were as follows. In December 1872 the two men went up north to Mount Btinavkable to look for work. This they obtained on tbeCoonatto Run of Messrs Grant and Stokes. Burt was an elderly man and Ridgway but about 20 years of age. They were both employed on the station for some time, dur ing which it became well known that deceased would be possessed of (for a man in his sration of lif<0 a considerable sum of money. Prisoner always manifested a great interest in deceased, and averred that he was very fond of hiffl- Sub sequently deceased announced fete attention of coming to ^delaido, and on his doing so prisoner said hawquld accompany him as Burt was subject to fits, and also that lie might get On the spree with his money. Prisoner, at that time, was known to be almost destitute of money and they were last seen together entering a large sheep paddock, abont t*yq miles from the head station. The nest occurrence was the finding of a body in the paddock about 60 yards from the track in a tlii -k saltbush scrub and covered with boughs. This was shewn to be the body of Burt, and on the afternoon of that diy prisoner WM bv ® man and his wife, 0$ hatgebuick, and apparently rflde with one stirrup longer than other. Blood was also noticed on his. trousers. It appeared the man and his wife knew that deceased and prisoner had left Coonatto togetner, and they asked prisoner what he had done with " JWWy," ad deceased was paiflinftnly called, Prisoner geetngc} Ron jived, and replied, that Burt- had turned back with a half-caste and white man who were travelling sheep. The accused was after wards seen by other persons, and accompanied by a dog which left Oooiiatfo witfj c^o^aqed and he produced a ronsid^tabj^ ^uuntitv of money and 4 cheque, and the latter, it would be' proved, was the property of the deceased. Prisoner also gave contrary accounts of what had becomeof his com panion. The stirrup which he was using, was bent, and he explained tha^j bjf saying he had killed a kang^ro.^ i|. Several witnesses were examined on the first day of the trial and ii was elicited that deceused had had his skull fractured by a blow or blows from some blunt instrument. The body was in the bushes some four (q weeks before oeing discovert-^. Qu ^^urs.dsky the j\V7 brpMghl in a Yerdjct of guilty, with a recoqu men^at^onto mercy, Seqte::{» of death 906 thfQ parsed in the ubu§1 It will be obsemdytl^t a meeting of Directors . of the Cricketing Association, will be held on Monday evening at the Company's office, Kldina, to transact business ofiniportantee. The engine ior the Gtaeat Britain Mining Co. arrived by t}ie Kangarooiijfl.8., on Thursday, and operations will becommeneed for its erccticjn on Monday.' ' . The Catholic Bazaar at Wallaroo has been coc* continued during every afternoon of the present week sinco it has been opened, and a good adiount of busraess' has been done. The takings hare averaged about. .£30 pec. diem.. This evening there will be a grand wind tap and clearing out sale. Ox Wednesday, in the Assembly, Mr Ward" inquired cf the Chief Secretary whether a rtunpur was correct that the Jury arrived at a verdict of guilty against Mris Wbolcock by " Shaking in tho hat." The ChiefSecretaiy promised toenquire— how, we dont know,/Any respectable Juryman asked such an insulting question by a Chief Sec retary would,, we fihoald. imagine, knocV :hIta down. ■ ■ ■' •= >'■ A HEETora. was held- on Wednesday evening, the Globe Hotel, to dispose of the booths, ior the sale of spirituous liquors, djc., at the'ejnsuirig Regatta. It was resolrcd that subscriber^ pf/twp guineas to the fund should Compete, the prizes to be arranged as followsThe winner of ; No. I booth to pay £3 for itthe winner oTSo*. pay £2; and the winner of Tfo 3 to pay £1- The winners were Mr Johnstou No. 1 booth; Mr Bollmeyer No. 2 ; > and Mr Sharplci No:' was then resolved that the Refreshment ] should be disposed of at the next meeting, on. Wednesday the 17th inst., and also thaltthefe should be a weekly meeting until tho Regatta takes place. The event of the day on Friday, at Poi Iaroo, was the arrival of the Albert \ direct from London, chattered .by. Messrs] Drew Bros of Msouta wiih an ^assorted cargo, a portion of which is on account of Messrs Ifiower & Co. 'J'lie Albert William is a yeiy smart iron ' barque, and but for having been ; detained!' three weeks since passing Cape Leuwin >he,'^ouH have made a fast passage. A& it is she may ..be called 94 days out as the master let go liisanchor on. Thursday night pff the Tipara Lightship atjdthen came up with a fair breeze on .Friday morning. When sighted hfe ran up a signal for a, pUi* atitl the Hir >or Mister, Mr C^riim. at once Wnt off toiler. As ahe has some gunpowder on board, she will lay off for a day or two till' this is dis* charged,-aud then she will take .the berth- to' 1* vacated by the Ksdina this evening or row. ... , : A WEHr attended and' interesting meetingipf *he Committee of the Yorke's Peninsula A&'igi* nal Mission, was held in the Baptist Church, Moonta, on Wednesday,' the 10th inst. Tne Rev. W. J, Kuhn wrote regretting. bisinabilityj to bo present at the meeting. Heinform-d /thejcom ujittee that a large number of natires we^ campeSl about the station and weie seeking to entice away some of the older boys for the purpose of com pelling them to [undergo oer^in heathen i rites. Under these circumstances Mr Euhn felt it abao lutely necessary to remdinat theetationfor^ho protection of his pupils, 'and the preservation of order generally._ TheSec^tary repo^tedythe^ro ceeds of the season V<u>olclip be ^i^jj^edl. In the absence of Mr. K^lin the matter of payment of regular wages to the able btodidd tta'Aves otthe station was held over ' for future *.^niiiiei&ri6ri;» An animated conversation took place^ inspecting, the operations of the Mission, and the metttute of success achieved up to the^reaent~ ^With a View o' increasing the efficiency and extending thense^ fulness of the Institution1 it was decided Shot & Sub-Committee^e appointed to .visit the station - and bring up a full reporta at tlie toett meeting. ', *" * j A GEAND ooncert, in aid -of Harnfonian Fund, took; p^at&a;^ Wou&ot; Hotel, onWednesday eyem^'rB^io, Hall was crowded, to suffocation.' MriVAcSon kin Jy presided at the piano, and a<«om;p£n>ed'£hp variQua pieces in excellent style. Mra jCjgftphely, Mi&»es O'Deaand LaufkotterrenJeredthevaiioiw pieces entrusted to them veryjiieely. land w .ill-merited applauBe." Hr Donnelly was veiy good and our old ' friend,! Itr 1 Wi Ward gave " dreams of youth" in exquisite taste. MrSym pson i# a capital comic, and his quafck doctor in character was loudly encored.: Messrs O'MeaUey Carson and W atts, were very goodin a sence fro®. Ion. Mr D. Carson gave a recitation, and -as -rw» have before remarked thii^ntlemiapjbM ft decided genius for the stage.- lather Cleary returned thanks in a few appropriate remarks, and God the Queen sang by the wWe^rthecom^kny brought a very pleasing concert to a finale. " jr JEgues writes in the AustralasianIwre had a letter on the wage? question, with fpgfrd to its effect on imimgnatio% from »cxjrrespondeht who arguea that as he has: read my lettere Ar years, it ia only fair\hat I should read one of fck. .He is a working miner, and lie writes reaaonably. He says that the private letters of to their friends at home do not correspond vrith the newspaper accounts of the opportunity thia colony affords ,the miner, " I, can tell you," ho says, "the «u«era are better off at home jua| »oW tlwn hew, as far as wages are concerned* In tbs first place, there is no constant work here, nearly everything being done by contract j and aB men with families can't roain about, the contracts are taken at very low prices. I am perfectly aam that, take the wages of all the miners on Ballarak able «nd willing to work, and divide it oqually^ifc would not amount to over 15s pei> »an; £Z 5a used to be the wages some yearaago, but hot ho In fact, unless you: are known to some direc or other, you can't fjet a job at wages. . It yo do, it will not he over £2. However, as the ho d^y* aire eoming on, for-the -novelty of the thin just'array vouraelf in moleskins and erimedh «h go to Ballarat as a stranger, ^se no influeace, ba try oh your merits to get $j^ per week. If yo make a tow never <t« write another article un you get it» ilte. Australasian may have ta ge ftnwhws &o.; The climate, is fat; before, slnglab but the "wages are not. If private letre*s corns ponded with accoiihts in the • pres^ there wobl soon be plenty of immigration, hjelieve me.** '; 'A the sinccre expression of opinion of an intelli ligent man th^s ia not without value. It is tru fhqt timet* mining work is done by contract, bu my corresi>ondenty in instancing Ballarat, sefec a goldfield not now in the zenith o& prosper) tj] The average wages at Sandhurst ^ be considerably njore tUan tu$ 