MINING INTELLIGENCE. GOLD. NORTHERN TERBITORY PROSPECTING COM- <*> PANY.—A special meeting of shareholders, con- <*> vened in compliance with a requisition, was held at the Company's offices, Grenfell-street, on Monday morning, KoTember 1/. Then were ■boat 44 gentlemen present, and Mr. E. VL Bigot presided. The object of the meeting, as indicated in the requisition, was to " discuss the desirability of retaining the services of ?U the present omeen of the Company." Mr. G. William* submitted the following proposition— "That, taking into consideration the financial position of the Company, it is no longer desirable to retain the services of a prospector, the Company having already soffisisnt property, and that this meet ing desires die Direeton to dispense with the Mrrio?i of Mr. J. 8. Westcott, and to for ward to nun the th&nki; of the Company for his past services." He thought the osrrying of the resolution would remit in a saving to the Com pany. Mr. Roberta seconded. The Chairman thought it would be very undesirable at the pre sent moment to dispense with Mr. Westeott's services, Disputes might arise in the Territory with regard to property Ac Company held or wastupposed to hold, and for Ike sake of the •alary whioh wmld attaoh to Mr. Westeott's services for a few months, it would, he thought, be unwise to dismiss Mm. Mr. W. K. Hunt ■aid he supposed there wm no doubt about the elaiau at Pise Creek and Yarn Creek. The Chairman said he did not think there was. la answer to other enquiries, he stated that Mr. Westeott's time would be up in February, and hi* salary was £400 a year. Captain France moved, v an amendment—"That Mr. West eott's sen lots be retained till the termination of his present engagement." Mr. W. Ber mingbam seconded. Mr. Hunt ondentsod the eipense incurred by Mr. Westeott was £90C a year. That might be devoted to bone and muscle, whioh would be more likely to be serviceable to the Company. Xr. *■ Bobert son said Mr. Westsott's expenses amounted to nothing of the kind. Mr. Hunt- Does She go oat by hi-nself? Mr. Hobert son—Yes. Mr. W. BtderUw asked, snpposing Mr. Westeott was to be dismissed, what notioe would it In hi orsmj In give him? The Chairman could baldly answer that question. Ho eonsiderM a resolution of this kind ni like taking the work off the Directors' hand*. He would pat the resolution, but he hoped «he Direoton would be upheld In the matter. Mr. Hunt assured the Chairman that there was no intention oa the put of the shareholder* to be disrespectful to tie Directors. They had every eonndenoe in the Board, but tne Direoton were not infallible. Mr. Wil- Uanu mid ha would withdraw the proposition ifl favor, of the amendment, which «ras then put and carried.—A special meeting oalled by the Directors was toon held to consider the question of increasing the capital of the Company. In answer to * remark previously made, the Chairman said th« Company had the application receipts for five claims, sad from these he considered the Company had five claims at Fine Greek. The resolutions sub mitted by the Directors, which were then road, were as follows :—"L That the capital of the Company be increased by the issue of seven Ifr-«ir— * new shares, to ho numbered re speotivriy 7,001 to 14,000, both inclusive. 2\. That One thousand five hundred shares only, to be numbered respectively 7,001 to 10,500, both inclusive, of the value of one pound each, ahall be issued at a premium of one pound ten shillings per share to the per. sons and upon the Una hereinafter set forth. 3\. That such three thousand five hundred sham shall be allotted pro rtzta to such of the shareholders of {the Company as shall be registered shareholders on the 19th day of K«vember Instsnt, and as shall on or before the S4th day of November instant apply for the same and pay a deposit of tern shillings for every share so applied for at the time of ""Hug gncj, application; and the sum of one pound per share shall be paid for every share upon the allotment of the same, and the balance of one pound per share shall be paid on the Ist day of February, 1874. 4. That Interest at the rate of twenty pounds per centum par annum shall accrue upon and be payabb in respect of the two payments ef one pound each, or either of them mentioned in resolution No. 3. if the same or either of them be not paid on the days therein mentioned. 6. That any •hares to be offered as aforesaid, and not applied for, may be disposed of in such mwinw and upon, tush terms as the Directors may deem expedient. 6\. That the remaining three thousand five ; hundred shares shall be offered to the share holders in such numbers, at such times, upon such terms, and for such premiums as tie Directors may fr^m time to time direct" The Chairman said the Directors had spent a deal of time in considering this matter, and QtmsideTed the best shape in which to pot it In answer to Mr. Williams, the Chair man said the money raised by the issue of the first 3,500 shares would be sufficient to carry on fox some time. Mr. J. C Hawker asked if there was any machinery on tiie ■i«w?«, The Chairman said, a com* ptete set of all that was necessary, engine and everything, left for the claims on the 3rd. It would take a fortnight to put the machinery together, and in a month it was anticipated that everything would be ready— Nawmsn, in reply to a telegram, said before Christmas. He then moved the adoption of the first resolution. Mr. Vf. S. Douglas' seconded. Mr. Shiedaw bad no wish to cast any reflec tion upon the Direoton, but be did not think the shareholders should place so much power in their; hands without having some control over them. (Hear, hear.) He would move as an amendment—" That 3.500 be substituted for 7,000." The Chairman pointed out that this was a meeting' sailed to consider oertsin resolutions, whioh must either he accepted or rejected. They could not alter them. He might say that one greet drawback felt in this Ocmpany ww tie want of uncalled capital. The bankers would not give n advance, and they only obtained any advance on the per ■onalguaraDteeof the Directors. Mr. H. E. Fuller would like to see a atop put to the Bab of on* applied for shares by auction, (Hear, hear.) The Chairman thought the articles «f associa tion were definite on that point. The Directors would, however, consider it. In some farther disousaon it was pointed out that in the interests of the Company the action of the Directors should be w unfettered as possible; sad it was understood that before issuing the other 3,500 shares & meeting of the shareholders should be held. Upon this understanding the first resolution was carried. Tb? remaining resolutions were carried, and the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman and Directors. HivrauTs COMPAHI.—Th« captain reports to the following effect :-"The works on the mine are carried on with persevering energy. The black leader last reported on has been traced a considerable distance to the north west, sad I have started a shaft, which is now down 22 feet, logged up, and windlass fixed. We have cat four leaders, from 2 to 6 inches big, at about 12 feet from surface, going down, increasing i i nil as d?pth is ob tained, and underlaying to the east The black reef is going down perpendicular, which I expect will make to the reef, and from the auriferous nature of the stone something good may be expected. There has two an exten sive bush-fire. If it had not been for the prompt assistance we received, the whole of the buildings might have been consumed, but for tunately the galvanized iron saved them. The blacksmith's shop caught, but we pot it oat with buckets of water. The logging of the shaft was all in a complete blaze; fortunately the powder was In the 30-feet level of the main shaft. The only damage done was burning an axe and shovel-handle. 