pastoral Jlotcs. We observe tbat 1000 bead of cattle, belonging to Messrs Dangar Bros bave passed Wee Waa on their way hither. The agents are Messrs Powers, Rutber ford and Co (Mr G. A. Elliot.) Mr. J. Kelly's 103 head of bullocks, in change 1 nf owner, will cross this morning at Gobbagum balin, upon their way to Albury. Mr. J. Holloway's 3000 ewes and 55 rams, pur- , chased from Messrs Waller BroB.. will start for Tooyal this morning. 8000 wethers and weaners (Mr A. G. Jones's, in charge of Mr B. Robinson, and represented as a very prime lot, passed for Merringreen on Thurs day. Mr Rudd's 100 bullocks on their way way to Sulgari crossed on Thursday last. A flock of fat wethers (2300) purchased by Mr Perrin from Mr Westby, Pullitop, passed on - Thursday, on their way to Urana.. I 2300 ewes have been sold to Mr J. Smith, kyarnba, for Mr A. G. Brooke, Conapaira. Messrs W.lkinson. Hann & Co., agents. 807 mixed weaners (Messrs Cox Bros.), have been sold to Mr A. G. Jones. Mr S. Minchin, ageot. i 3600 (mixed sexes) store sheep (Messrs Slocombe Bros) bave been sold to Messrs G. Ingrain and Co., Book Book. Mes&rs; Wilkinson, Hann and Co., agents. j A tine mob of bullocks, 603 in all, have been sold on acoount of Mr J. McKenzie. Narraburra, to Messrs McFarland and Co, Nap Nap. Messrs I Wilkinson, Hann and Co, agents. Mr J. Nixon's (Gregadoo) 1900 mixed store sheep have- been sold to Mr A. O. Jones, through Mr Minohin, conjunctively with Messrs Wilkin son, Hann and Co. Onr Condobolin Correspondent writing nnder -date of the 6th inst. says : — Since my last we have been blessed with weekly thunderstorms which has freshened the country around beautifully. On last Thursday night there was a heavy storm with incessant rain which lasted eight hours. The thunder and lightning was the heaviest and brightest I ever heard or saw. There passed on the 3rd inst 950 store bullocks (or Wooroma Station, Kdward River, the property of Mr L. McBean, in obarge of Mr Sinclair. Gnat credit is doe for the way in Which they have been driven. On the 1st inst 5000 nixed sheep belonging to Mr Reynolds from near Gtonlbnrn; indulge of owner, for a back block flown -the river (Cadgelligo) ;? and to-day, tbe 4th, nearly 700O belonging to Mr R. C. Reynolds from Canning to a back block near Kegim, la charge of Mr James Cameron. We (Hamilton Spectator) are sorry to report more disasters by bush- fires on Wednesday, tbe 5th instant. The weather was so hot, . and the wind ad strong, tbat ehsnld a firs, break oat, we were -quite convinced that nothing hnmtn coo Id ?topita. {ingress. At Penshunst a tire sprung op, and went through half of Mr Button's land, and thangh Mr Tvcsatj had eaffe-el to a la*ge extant ( some fourteen days since, still the inexsrable flames visited him again and destroyed one or two of his best paddocks. These casualties have tended mnch to reduce the price of store stock in this neighbour hood, bnt as the year is now advancing to the time we may expect oool weather and long.nights, and as a consequence, young grass and an immu nity from bash-fires, we may naturally hope tbat the trade in stock will maintain its normal position as far as regards the prices upheld for the last two months. The fire on Wednesday destroyed nine teen posts on the Penshnrst telegraph line, one and a half miles of wire being down. Mr R. Morrison, manufacturer, of Norwich (says the European Mail) has brought out a new preser ved meat-stand (patented), to which we bave plea sure in drawing the attention ef onr readers, be cause the article ia ' likely to be useful to them. Consumers of preserved meat are aware of the difHouIty of cutting tbe food in uniform slioes as from tbe joint, in consequence of its rich qualities, and it has been the object of Mr Manison, in tbe manufacture of this stand, to remove this difficulty. He has certainly succeeded. By tbe use of the stand the meat can be kept in one compact shape, offering resistsnoe to tbe knige, and may be thus cut conveniently and easily. The meat is placed in a sort of cylindrical receptacle, at the bottom of which is a shelf worked up and down by the aid nf a screw. This shelf can be raised so as to gradually push -the meat to the surface, which en- 1 ables the carver to cut it off in such slices as he re quires, and perfectly uniform. The stand is of I ornamental design, and adds an attraction to the table. The manufacturer makes them in earthen ware, pewter, aud German-silver plated, according as customers may desire. At the present time, when preserved meat is consumed to so great an extent, and grocers sell it so largely, we should think they might advantageous iutroduce this stand to the notice of their customers as being a really useful article. The old adage tbat ' blood will tell ' is receiving verification in the Kennedy, iu the improved char acter of the stock and the 'increased price which they bring. Mr Bode, of Stratbdon, (says the Port Denison Times) has just disposed of eleven ealves, the progeny of valuable bulls imported from Mr Dangar's well-known herds, for £11 per head. He lias also sold a mob of fat cattle at very good prices. It is much to be regretted that more care was not taken years ago in the selection of the stock, for there is no doubt tbat the runs in the Bowcn district are capable of fattening cattia even during the driest weather, and tbe midden change from drought to continuous rain does not appear to affect their condition ; as a proof of which we may state that Mr Wilson, a few weeks back, slaughtered a bullock from tbe herd of Mr Hender son, nf Havilah. weich weighed 1200 lbs, and which would not iu point of quality have disgraced the roast beef of Old England at any Christmas show. The Armiiale Express thinks that horse stock was never more abundantly offered in Armidale than it bas been in tbe last few weeks. Sales or attcmps to sell have followed each other in quick succession, and so cheap has been the article that a boy with only a shilling to invest has beoome tbe delighted possessor of a horse. Three head in a lump has gone for 3s 6-1., aud 5s. has been tbe purchase money of a very useful nag. The prices quoted were of course among the lowest, as tbere were nuperier saddle horses which realiied £12 to S 15, and £20 a-piece. The boldiug of these sales hasoproved that the scrubber class of horse stock is bbundant in the district, and that superior animals are not too plentiful. — [The sooner tbe ' scrubbers' are destroyed the better for the horse breeder and the district.] It is a thousand pities says the Hamilton Spec tator some of the sheep owners in the neighbour hood of the Glenelg run do not concert measuses to protect themselves by gettigg rid of tbe scabby sheep running at tbe Glenelg station, and abandon ed by the late owner. Nine of those infected animals bave been caught and destroyed during the month of October, and it is supposed there are some fifty more . running wi'd in the scrub. Whilst the question is being sottled as to tbe party who is liable for keeping up this hot-bed of scab, much mischief may he done by the disease being allowed to spread, as the stragglers will make their way in all directions. Clerkness Station, New England, with 15,000 sheep and 100 bead cattle will be sold in Sydney, on the 15th Aprii: Also the Mount Hillalong Station, Kennedy, Queensland, with 8000 sheep, will he sold on the 8ch April. Messrs Richardson and Wrench, agents. Listowet Downs Estate, Warrego, with 40.782 sheep, will be sold in Sydney on the 2od May. AIbo the Eliz&heth; Creek station, in tbe same dis trict, with 12,212 sheep, on tbe same date. The ' Prairie and Mount Cooria' stations, in the Port Curis district, with 20,000 sbeep and 1700 head cattle, will be sold an 29th April, The Isis Downs Estate, Mitchell, Queensland, will be sold on the 25th March. . with 20,000 sheep- Tbe Tilpal eta tion, with 7000 head cattle, in the Port Curtis district, will bo sold on 29th April. Comet Downs Leichardt district, will be sold on the 29th March, with 10,000 sheep, Mr G. F. Want, agent. Caineby station, Darling Downs, with 10.800 sbeep and SOI) bead cattle, will be sold on 19th March in Sydney. Messrs H. and F. Weaver, agents. Messrs Samnel Mncgregor and Co report the sale by auction ofthe Dunnioro Estate in the WeBtern district of Victoria, on behalf of Messrs Macknight and Irvine, with sheep, cattle, and horses, for the sum of 168,000. Messrs Macknight aud Irvine bought from tho former owners, to close a partner ship. Messrs Richardson and Wrench sold by auction on Monday, tbe Nardoo and Spring Creek stations, in the Leichardt district, Queensland, with a small herd of cattle to be taken by puurcbasers at 1:3 per head, stores, working plant, Jfec, by valuation by arbitration, and 15,790 sbeep, (more or less) at 0s each, total of sale, 17980 16s, sterling. Tbe Ran belle stations were withdrawn for private sale. We (Brisbane Courier) omitted, at , the time to notice the arrival by the Alfred Hawley. of a very valuable bull for Messsrs Mant and Littleton, of Gigoomgan. Tliis splendid animal — which is named Sauntercr, two years old —has just completed bis probationary term in quarantine, and was brought up to town by tbe Kabe, along with Mr Haygarth's cattle, previously noticed and is now located at tbs Sovereign Horse Bazaar. Sannterer — a rich roan — inherits a combination of the best and inost fashion able blood of the day, heing come of a long line of prize takers. His sire, James 1, by Lamp of Lothian was also tbe sire of many prize animals, including Flower Girl, a cow never beaten, although fre quently exhibited. His dam — Vesta— is only fonr removes from the world renowned Phoenix. Sann terer was credited with the first and second honors at.Newport and Gloucester, respectively, and highly commended at all tbe ntber society's shows at which be was exhibited. His quarter is grand, and bis chest shows a good constitution. At tbe time he was landed here, although comparatively poor and under two years of age, be weighed considerably over a ton. When we see snoli magnificent animals as Saunterer brought to onr shores, we oannot but regret the necessity for even a temporary embargo. We understand that the Radnook station; be longing to Messrs R. and T. Smith, has changed hands, the purchaser heing Mr. David Edgar, of Pine Hills. The prices is stated to be £33,000 cash, the land being reckoned at 45b per acre. Messrs Samuel Macgregor and Co. report the sale of tbe Sqnattlesmere Station (Mr Miles Fletcher's to Mr. U. Aitken, for tbe sum £12,000. Here have been several reports of stations changing hands, but on careful enquiry we find that the transactions are still pending.e Cape Wrath, we are informed, has been offered to Mr. M'Innis South Australia ; and Nareeb Nareeb has also been placed under his noticei Although we are only too glad to welcome South Australian capitalists, the pleasure is mingled with a large share of regret, if it involves the departure of some of onr oldest and most useful settlers. — Hamilton Spectator. The Woodstock and Brian O'Lynn yearlings were brought under the ' hammer on Monday last in Mel bourns, and tbe attendance was excellent, all or nearly all visitors 'having been admitted by ticket. The greyhounds, ex Somersetshire, having been first disposed of, the Woodstock yearlings were brought out, but, with the exception of tbe colt ont of Juliet, At biddings were slow and with out spirit. Suoh prioes as are attached to the greater number of tbs undermentioned colts and fillies must have fallen far short of breeders' ex penses or expectations. The following are the prices realised : — Fithhoot't CoUt and Fillies. 1— Brown colt, dam Juliet (imported) ; Mr J ellelt, £556 10s. . ..... . 2— Brown oolt, dam Rosamond ; passed in. 3— Bnwn colt, dam Wildrose ; Mr J. Tarnbull, j 60 guineas. 4 — Brown colt, dam Kola ; Mr T. IC'Fariane, 60 go in ess. 5 —Bay eilt, dam Meg Mernlise j Mr H. Kett, j . 65^gaineas. 6 -Bay celt, dan Ballet Gi ' j Mr B iwler, 60 guineas. J— Brown oolt, dam Mavourneen ; not brought forward. 8— Cbesnnt fitly, dam Onr Bet; Mr Miller, 70 guineas. 9— Bay Ally, dam Flora ; Mr J. J. Miller, 39 gui neas. 10— Brown filly, dam Regina; Mr Kett, 41 gui neas. 11 — Chesnut filly, dam Msg ; Mr A. K. Finlay, 40 guineas. 12— Bay filly, day Tadmor | passed. 13— Cbesnut filly, dam Adventurer ; Mr Turnbull 70 guineas. 