*' This is true liberty, when freeborn men, Having to advise tile public, ma)* speak free." Milton. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1873. Tiie Pastoral Chamber of lliverina promises to become a most important representative of the corporate interests of squatterdom. Already we 'have, on several occasions, noticed the proceedings of this body, aiul are pleased again to recognise the practical tendency of its operations. As a general rule pastoralists are not given to combina tions for their mutual benefit. The strength which depends on union has not been put forth by them until very lately ; but the Pastoral Chamber is now the representative of that power which as a body the Crown tenants and graziers of Itiverina undoubtedly possess. The Chamber perforins its work in a very quiet, unobtrusive way ; yet there is a backbone of drift and intention in every step it takes. The District Committees dis cuss in au intelligent way the several topics of interest which crop up from time to time, and some of their deliberations re sult in movements that sufficiently evidence the power and importance of the class which the Chamber includes and represents. The other evening a meeting of the Wagga Wagga District Committee of the Pastoral Chamber was held in this town, and although there was not a very large attendance of members, the business trans acted was of a practical and interesting character. In the first place the Committee discussed the terms of a circular received inviting them to co-operate and advise in the matter of protest againsting the present cus tom of London wool brokers, who combine the the duties and profits of buying and selling in the same market. The grievance referred to is well understood and need not be ex plained here ; but the Wagga Wagga Com mittee, while fully recognising the impor tance of the suggestion made as to withdraw in" patronage from brokers of this class, con sidered that it was too late in the day to put the screw on the brokers in reference to the present season's clip. They passed a resolu tion confirming the views continued in the circular, but expressing the opinion that as arrangements had in many instances been already made in reference to the disposal of clips it was not wise to disturb them now. They will, however, use their influence to prevent the clip of 1874 getting into the 'hands of brokers who persist in acting in the dual capacity of buyers and sellers. Another matter discussed by the Com mittee was that of insuring fences against losses by fire. They have resolved to write to the Melbourne officers to make a sugges tion as to the rate of premium they are dis posed to accept for risks of this natnre. This is a very important matter, and before it is disposed of by the insurance companies, we should like to be heard on the side of the intending insurers. The nature of the fire risk to squatters' fences is, like most other risks, twofold—namely, by accident and by design; but in this case there is too much reason to believe that intentional burning is most to be feared. Of course bush-fires occur through accidental causes, and fences are in consequence consumed; but in nine \- cases out of ten, wherein a squatter's bounda ries are destroyed, the work is traceable to tho vindictiveness of disappointed tramps or discharged servants. It is, perhaps, a shock ing thing to say ; but it is true, nevertheless, that more fences are Burned with malice prepense than are destroyed by accidental fires. Now, the Insurance Companies, by accepting these risks, would in great measure reduce tliem, inasmuch as the motive of the incendiary would be ;baulked by the know ledge that the burning of a fence would inflict 110 special loss ou the squatter against whom bis grudge lay. If a squatter could for a reasonable rate of premium insure all his fences, lie would naturally be disposed to put up .a better description of boundary, and would fence more extensively aiid more completely than at present'. This fact would provide'work for those who are now suspected of burning fences to create it, and another item of the risk would thus" be reduced. Again, the Insurance Company could well afford to accept risks of this class at a low rate, because of the fact that the danger of destruction would be decreased by the mere,contracting between the parties, and because in every case the squatter lias & special interest in preserving the insured pro perty for the protection of his stock. For the ' injury sustaiued by the burning of fences is not conliued to the cost of their re-instating. The stampeding of, cattle, the boxing of Hocks, and a dozen other contingent annoy ances are to be guarded against, and "the insurer would be found to be the best pro tecting agent the Company could employ. If this question is fairly put by the Wagga Committee of the Pastoral Chamber, there is little doubt that the Insurance Companies will make offers of some kind ; audit, would be a source of much satisfaction to squatters and graziers generally if they could lessen the fear ,of incendiary (ires by shifting the loss from their own .shoulders to those of com panies against which their enemies could have no possible grudge. 