TOWN TALK. Some surprise was*expressed yesterday that the name of the The Ace ehould have appeared among the acceptances for the Geelong .Cup, and various were the sur mises made about it, it havmg been declared in the Melbourne papers that the horse was | scratched for all engagements. No notifi cation to this effect had been received by the secretary of the Racing Club, who had received information before The Ace J changed hands announcing that the horse was accepted for, and as this intimation had not been withdrawn the stewards had no option but to enter The Ace. Some racing men would seem to have peculiar ideas about scratching. Many of them think if they make it publicly known in Melbourne they do not intend to compete at an event in Geelong it is quite sufficient, but this is both discourteous to the Geelong Club and unbusinesslike, and we are pleased to see that the stewards intend to take their proper stand in the matter. If the prizes they offer are worth running for, surely the owner of any horse entered may pay them the compliment of letting them be the first to know about the with drawal of the animal, and it is to be hoped the example set in The Ace affair will act as a caution for the future. A fatal accident occurred yesterday in the River Barwon. Daring the afternoon the son of a stonebreaker, named Thomas Condy, went down to the river, just below the Albion Woollen Factory, to bathe. He bad only been in the water a short time, when he wasobservfcd to sink, and ss he is said to have been able to swim, it is pre sumed he must either h,ave been seized with cramp or was dragged down by the under currents, which render bathing in the river so perilous. Life saving appliances were procured, but too late to be of any service. During the rest of the afternoon, and up till a late hour of the evening, the police, assisted by some of the friends of the youth, were dragging for the body, but did not succeed in recovering it. Condy was about 20 years of age, and is said to have been of weak intellect. Selectors of land are not to be allowed to have too much credit, as notice has been received from head-quarters by the pay master to the effect that he is not to receive rent from persons who have taken more than their fifteen days grace, that being tbe limit allowed by the Lands Department. Yesterday the police discovered in tbe racecourse paddock the body of a man (we did not learn the name) who has been miss-, ing since Thursday last. The body was discovered hanging by the neck to a tree, with a bag of chips also round the neck. An inquest will be held this day at 2 p.m. at the Belmont Hotel. Yesterday a very handsome present was made to Mrs Metcalfe, who is about to leave the colony for England, in acknow ledgement of her valuable services in con nection with the choir at Trinity Church. The testimonial, which took the form of an elegant silver card-case, and a beautifully bound volume, was made at the residence of the recipient by Miss Strickland and Miss Lockett, who presented them on be half of the members of the choir and con gregation. Mrs Metcalfe, in suitable terms, thanked the donors for their valuable gift. Next Wednesday tbe members of the Ballarat Christian Doctrine Society intend giving the children under their charge a treat by letting them enjoy an excursion to Geelong. Mr Mansfield will attend to their requirements, and the number he has contracted to supply is twelve hundred chil dren and one hundred teachers, besides whom there will probably be a good num ber of adults. An accident of a serious nature happened yesterday to a little boy named Robert Edward Wood, aged four years,-the son of a small farmer at Kensington. He was play ing with an elder brother, who was amusing himself chopping wood, when the blade of tbe axe caught his right hand and com pletely severed the two first fingers. He was taken to the hospital in the course of the evening, when a portion of the bone was removed so as to allow the flesh to heal over the injured parts. The fortnightly meeting of the Ladies" Benevolent Association washeldoG Wednes day, in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute. The principal business before the meeting was with reference to the pub lic meeting which was fixed for Wednesday, 4th February, of which due notice will be given by advertisement. The case of tbe Corporation bailiff, Johnstone, was brought under police, but was deferred until the committee ascertained whether the Town Council would assist him. The following subscriptions were paid in and are acknow ledged with thanks:—Mr F. W. Army tage, Wooloomaoata, per Mra Cameron, £5; Mrs Josiah Austin, Avelon, per Mrs Macdonald, £5; Mrs Gentles, Mount Moriac, £1. Thomas Connelly, a butcher residing at Elaine, met with a very serious accident yesterday afternoon. He was proceeding home on horseback and had reached the back of his residence when his horse suddenly reared and threw him off the saddle. Connelly was picked up thoroughly stunned and suffering from a deep and extensive lacerated wound of the left temple, besides being otherwise bruised about the face. He was conveyed to Geelong by the evening train, and lodged in the hospital, but it was some time after his admission before he recovered himself sufficiently to be able to give an account of his accident. At the request of the Mayor tbe col lectors of subscriptions towards the Mar mio reward fund are to meet this afternoon at the Town Hall. Yesterday was one of the mildest and pleasantest days experienced for some | weeks past, The sun shone out vigorously enough, but its heat waB modified by a fine J cool breeze. Towards evening heavy clouds made their appearance from the westward, and there was a slight shower, so slight as | to scarcely damp the flags, between nine and ten o'clock. About tbe same time a I peculiarly heavy Bmell, as if timber was burning, was felt all over the town, and generally remarked. The cause was ascribed | to bush-fires in the vicinity. The operation of the new Police Act has had the effect of stripping the Police Gazette of one of its interesting columns. We refer to that headed " Rewards," in which, for services rendered in the detec tion and captHre of offenders, the fame of a few members of the force wa9 periodically trumpeted, and their pockets assisted at the expense of the police fund. The result of this system was known to be most demoralising, as well as unjust to those members of the force who very properly aimed by their vigilance at the prevention of crime rather than its detection, and the alteration has occasioned a general feeling of relief, as well as satisfaction. At a late hour last evening a boy aged 13 named Benjamin Jeffers, was brought to the hospital, suffering from a severe injury to his right eye. He had been as sisting to reap a paddock belonging to his mother, a widow, residing at Bambra, near Winchelsea, when one of the stubbles got into his eye. Dr. Meyler was consulted, but on examining the injury recommended his removal to the hospital. On Monday, January the 12th, the Lord Bishop of Melbourne (the Rev. Canon May, of All Saints', Geelong, acting as his chap lain) held a confirmation at Inverleigh m the Church of England school building, when twenty-five persons were confirmed. Thirty-one obtained cards of approval, but of these six were unable to be present. After the administration of the rite his lordship addressed the candidates for a short time, and among other thiogs urged upon tbem. to consider seriously the step they had taken, and daily to search the scriptures, and constantly to prav for grace and strength to be en aOlCU "to cany out the TJno *Uoy Olid juot ratified. The address was attentively listened to, not only by the coufirmers, but also by the whole congregation, for all knew that this would be the last time they should hear the faithful voice of their beloved bishop. It is earnestly to be hoped that his Lordship's good advice will not be forgotten by tnose wno neara it. we are happy to be able to add to the above, that since the closing of the Church of England common school in this district, great improvements have been made in the church building, which is now used exclu sively for the services of the church and for the Sunday school, and which now presents a more ecclesiastical appearance than it did in days gone by. The improvements con sist of a handsome communion rail, the design and workmanship of Mr J. Firtb, of Inverleigh ; a well-finished oak- stained pulpit, from the workshop of Mr Trickett, of Geelong; some comfortable closed-in seats made by Mr Colquhoun, of Inverleigh, and a neat little communion table. It is hoped, before the end of this year, to finish the seating of the building, and to make further additions. Sufficient money, excepting about £3, has been raised to pay for the work already done, and a gentleman has kindly offered to collect this deficiency. While the inside of the build ing has been improved the outside has not been neglected, for one member of the church committee provided paint, &c;, and three others, meeting at appointed times, soon made the woodwork that had been so long neglected look clean and white, and by so doing earned the well merited thanks of the whole congregation. The following will represent the Corio Cricket Club in the match that is to be played on Saturday next for the Western District Challenge Cup, their opponents being fifteen from Bellarine, vizMessrs Chater, Cullin, Dwyer, Francis; James, Osborne, Page, Rippon, Rose, F..- Rout, and Yeitcb. Reserve—Dwyer,- senior. Of coarse, if Mr T. W. Wilis is in Gee long on that day, be will be one of the re presentatives of our local club. Yesterday the Aldermen and Councillors again went in for heavy work, Cr. Andrews acting as Generalissimo. There could be no deny ing the fact that they had considerably im proved since last they appeared in public, and although it is-not for one moment sup posed they will beat the stalwart men of Queenscliffe, there is very little doubt they will make a better show than they did last year, and afford an immense amount of fun. Cr. Ryan fielded wonderfully well yesterday, a reduction in flesh bein» very apparent. _ Cr. Reeves slogged like one o'clock, whilst Mr Roebuck gave spasmodic smiles when he saw bis best bowling get i more than " homoeopathic doses." Cr. Andrews could not bowl a little bit; he persisted too mnch in putting on the pace. Of course in the long run it is the pace that kills, but if Mr An drews would study " pitching" he would fare a great deal better. As a bowler, Cr. Higgins " quibbled " the batsmen out. We did not see Cr. Couves shape, but it was said he made the field so warm that they became " crusty." Cr. Davey smiled benignantly when bowled by a twister, that event not having been included in his calendar, and that little alderman, Veitcb, showed himself to be one of the most active of the crowd. Of course they were only " larking " yesterday ; it is when the match comes off they will show what ih.y really can do. J The entertainment at the Mechanics' Institute was well attended last evening. The songs, dances, and trapeze perform ances were highly applauded, but the especial feature of the entertainment is evidently Yal Vose, whose feats of ventri loquism equal the famous performances of Valentine Vox. The only prisoner brought before the Police bench yesterday was a drunkard, Who was discharged. A cricket match will be played next Saturday between the Factory Cricket Club and the Prince Albert Cricket Club, on the ground of the latter. The players are requested to be on the ground at half past two, as the game will commence at three o'clock sharp. The annual inspection of the Borough ot South Barwon, or what is familiarly termed " beating the bounds," will take place to-day.. Mrs Garrard, of Elizabeth-street, an nounces that she resumes her instructions m music to-day. We have received from the publisher, Mr George Robertson, of Melbourne, a small volume entitled " The Black Ginn," and other poems, by J. Brunton Stephens, author of "The Godolphin Arabian." The book is well printed, and on good paper. It is said that for the future singing is to be added to the subjects included in a free education in all the State schools. The executive committee of the Outer Circle Railway League has resolved to withhold support from all candidates not in favor of that outlet to Gipps Land. The Australian and European Bank limited, having been incorporated under the Companies' Statute 1874, intending subscribers are notified that the share lisl closes on Saturday, the 31st inst. The Star is informed that at a meetin" of 1 the Ballarat Orangemen, on Tuesday even ing, it was decided to give the Orange vote at the next elections to MeBsrB W. C Smith ! and R. Baker in the West, and to Srs <3 ames and M'Dermott in the East. , The Phoenix Foundry Company delivered at the Western Railway station, on Wed nesday evening, another locomotive engine, being the ninth of the first contract. "No a01.C a^'he S,tat add8. "ill most probably do the 1000-mile test during the week. The first match on the return of the All England Eleven will be played at Sand hurst, on the 12th and two following d of February. = A requisition is in course of signature to the Hon. John O'Shanassy, asking that gentleman to permit himself to be no minated for the representation of Kilmore at the next election. We (Free Press") think it very unlike!> that the hon. gentle man named will accede to the request. The Evening Post, in, noticing the de- ■ cision of the Orangemen of Ballarat to support certain candidates, adds—"Semi religiouB societies of this description when touching upon politics must be a curse not only to the country but also to the candi dates themselves." . Two very large eaglehawks paid a visit to Ballarat on Wednesday, and hovered about Soldiers' Hill for some time, seeking what they could devour. One of them, the largest, made a pounce upon a young goose, which it carried off amidst great excitement on the part of the companions of the victim, and loud screams on the part of the victim itself. The information which we recently pub- ' lished with respect to the dissolution of the existing Assembly, and the arrange ments for the election of its successor, are now officially confirmed. The three Mel bourne morning journals agree in stating that parliament will be further prorogued to the 28th of February, and then imme diately dissolved. The Age adds:—"The elections will take place immediately after wards, and the House will be called togeiher for the transaction of business on Tuesday, 5th May." This is substant'aliy confirmed by^ the Daily Telegraph, which writes:— " It is at present contemplated to call the new Parliament together in the beginning of May. The elections will, it is expected, extend over a couple of months, so that Ministers will have but scant time to pre pare their measures after the general elec tion has terminated." The Post writes:—"The children of almost every institution in the colony are treated to some kind of amusement at least once a year, with the exception of those poor little waifs whom circumstances have sent to the Industrial Schools. So far as we can learn they are never treated to a picnic or outing of any kind, but have to follow the same dull routine from one year's end to the other. Surely there is no occa sion for us to compel the sins of the fathers to visit their children to the third and fourth generations, or to render their home no much like a prison as possible. If they could be taken to the sea side for a day's pleasure like (he orphans it should be done, and we see no reason why it cannot be." The near approach of a general election has had a healthy influence on the elec toral rolls. The Argus publishes the official returns, which are thus summarised with respect to the Assembly:—" rsaiinrat aasi is the only constituency which numbers fewer votes than it did before, the de crease in this instance being 198. The other districts show an increase in the number of electors as follow :—Ararat, 427 ; Avoca, 328 ; Baltarat West, 572 ; Belfast, 77; East Bourke, 12; East Bourke Boroughs, 208; South Bourke, 220 ; West Bourke, 403 ; Brighton, 161; Castlemaine, 606; Collingnood, 289 ; Cres wick, 1042; Crowlands, 446 ; Dalhousie, 137 ; Dundas, 90 ; Emerald-hill, 93 ; Evelyn, 122 ; Geelong East, 122; Gee long West, 164 ; Gipps Land North, 527 ; Gipps Land. South, 189 ; South Grant, 213; Grenville, 351; Kilmore, 20 ; Kyneton Boroughs,' 116; Maldon, 2*7 ; Mandurang, 1201; Maryborough, 334 ; East Melbourne, 101; North Melbourne, 303; West Melbonrne, 595 ; Mornington, 220.; the Murray district, 489 ; Murray Boroughs, 149: Normanby, 86 ; the Ovens, 105; Polwarth and Grenville, 105 ; Port land, 13 ; Richmond, 263 ; Ripon and Hampden, 68 ; Rodney, 561 ; Sandhurst, 1124 ; Sandridge, 210 ; St.- Kilda, 258 ; Villiers and. Heytesbury, 249; Warrnam bool, 54 ; Williamstown, 330 ; the Wim mera, 142. .Net increase, 13,934." The Council rolls are nearly as satisfactory :— " In all provinces but the South Western, which shows a net decrease of 54, the names on the rolls have increa~ed to the following extent:—Central Province, 525 ; South Province, 93 ; Western, 49 ; North Western, 396 ; Eastern, 141. Net in crease, 1150." The comparison, however, is with the rolls of 1872-3, and not with those in force at the last general election. 