THE SONG OF THE SHINGLE-SPLITTERS. IN dark, wild woods, where the lone owl broods, And the dingoes nightly yell -- Where the curlew's cry goes floating by -- We Splitters of Shingles dwell. And all day through, from the time of the dew, To the hour when the mopoke calls, Our mallets ring where the woodbirds sing Sweet hymns by the waterfalls. And all night long we are lulled by the song Of gales in the grand old trees ; And in the breaks we can hear the lakes, And the moan of distant seas. For afar from heat, and dust of street, And hall, and turret, and dome -- In forests deep, where the torrents leap, Is the Shingle-splitters' Home. The dweller in town may lie on down, And own his palace and park ; We envy him not his pleasant lot, Though we sleep on sheets of bark. Our food is rough but we have enough -- Our drink is better than wine ; For cool creeks flow wherever we go, Shut in from the hot sunshine. Though rude our roof, it is weather-proof; And, at the end of the days, We sit and smoke over yarn and joke, By the bushfire's sturdy blaze. For away from din, and sorrow, and sin, Where troubles but rarely come, We jog alorg, like a merry song, In the Shingle-splitters' Home. What though our work be heavy, we shirk From nothing beneath the sun ; And toil is sweet to those who can eat, And rest when the day is done. In the Sabbath-time we hear no chime -- No sound of the Sunday-bells ; But Heaven smiles on the forest aisles, And God in the Woodland dwells. We listen to notes from the million throats Of chorister-birds on high ; Our psalm is the breeze in the lordly trees, And our dome--the broad blue sky. O, a brave, frank life, unsmitten by strife, We live wherever we roam ; And hearts are free as the great strong sea In the Shingle-splitters' Home. HENRY KENDALL. A dying Irishman was asked by Iiis confessor if ho was ready to ronounco tho dovil and alibis works. "Oh, your Honor," said Pat, "don't ask mo that ; I nm going to a strange country, and I don't intend to make myself onomios. Tho proprietor of a hotel was bustling about the othor morning nt ton o'clock with twenty things to do, when some ono asked him why ho didn't call up his clerk. " I sha'n't call him up as long as I can help it," replied ho ; " for when ho is in bod I know whore ho is, but aftor ho's up I don't know whore to find him." A farmer's wifo,|in spoaking of tho smartness, aptnoss, and intelligence of her son, a lad «ix yonrs old to a lady aorpiaintanco said : "Ho can road iluontly in any part of tho liiblo, ropoat tho wholo oatoohism, and wood onions as well as his father." "Yes, mother," added tho young hopoful, " and yesterday I licked Nod Haw- son, throwed tho cat into tho woll, and stolo old Hick loy's gimlet." "My son" said an old lawyor, givingadvicoto his son, who was just ontoring upon thelprnctico of Ins father's profession, " if you havo a caso whoro tho law in clearly on your sido, but justice seems to bo againnt you, urgp upon tho jury tho necessity of sustaining thu law, If, on tho othor hand, you aro in doubt about tho law. but your client's case is clearly founded upon justico, insist upon tho neeossity of doing justico, o von though tho heavens should fall." "Hut," asked tho son, "how shall I mnnatro in a caso wlioro both law and justice arg doad against mo ?" "In that caso, my son," ropliod tho old stager, " talk round it," 