M$ ®££«Cfftaimt/ ? . . ? — — ^ ? * . ? A EiTEAL PAEA.BLE. I'd THE EDITOR. -' :.; Sir — In Greenland, as your 'readers : are aware, droughts are not onfrequehtj locusts are Very numerous and assiduously destructive, and bushfires are awfully apt; to devour 'any thing useful in the way of grain, fences, im plements, live stock, homesteads, children, Ac, which droughts and locusts may hate spared. Nor is this all, neither is it the worst of, all, else hope misrht here and there survive even ia Greenland's most unkindly «lime. But, as your readers are aware, there are demons in Greenland, by whose weird enchantments hop* is turned to disappointment, and disappoint ment ia deepened to despair. . Ia despair, therefore, . the husbandmen of Greenland be»na to pay all they owed to everybody, aad to yoke «j- their reindeer/and to conVey by aoonlighr to other laads tae little whi:h still remained to them for twenty or thirty vears of wearisome toil hr-8-reenl*nd. So fields,, far as the eye could scan iafttl direc tions, went out of «altivati-m. Garden fences were falling to decay, and hares and rabbits safely roamed ia desert hamlets and naneked the rich tender herbage which began to clothe the sileat streets and to make tke window sills and doorsteps (preea. PossMt the demons would as cheerfully kave tormeated poor pass and bunny as they would the poorer Buman beings, now seared away ; bat tken tkey must have seen that their rents and compound Interest would be for ever ia arrear. How this consideration put the demons into a great bis: funk, such as no other consideration could have put them in. Whereupon in leading articles, is lectures, and ia legislation, they bewailed the esodus of husbandmen, which their own acts had caused. They eoafe3sed that something might be wrong somewhere, and that the husbxndmaa was a useful sort of fellow after all, and ought Dot to be driven away from the country which he was yearly enriching by his ceaseless toil. T^at if lie would come back and not go away all would ba forgiven him, and that hereafter and for evermore he should have .all the land he sni^ht require for JEl an ac^-e, e*cepfc only in the exceptional case of tvro of them requiring the sane block, in which unlikely case then the auctioneer shall be appealed *io, and that theu to the highest bidder that land should fall. The husbandmen returned with their lseia deer, their friends, their wires, and their children. They began to plough, to sow to reap, and to rejoice. Now this demonstrated to the demons that the time had come to make the people groan again and to stop pro gress, for that the country was ripe-for woe. Then having consulted together they caused large tracts of land to be -surveyed, aa if to carry out their agreement with'ths hnsbatid;.' men ; but then by submittia? vary small ships of these great blocks for- selection at, ,*r time, they necessitated rash and violent competition., amongst the husbindinen, so as to make.what ', was understood to be an exceptional appeal to auction the rule instead of the exception, and so as to force the husbandmen to pay two or three times its value for the lan-1 which they reqnir d and which now that they had returned to farm in Greenland was as necessary to them as was the air they breathed. So they had to pay the old prices which had ruhieil them before, and they hai to borrow m ~-ney froji the demons to pay ife with, so maki;i;j themselves and their wive3 and their childron and their cattle bond slave3 to their tormentors agfaia. The money to be squeezed out of thair hard earnings i? to be spent in decorating the eapital of Greenland, and for the delectation of the demons in m^iny other pleasaat ways for ever and evev — for the husbandmen are' now quite pleased to have it so. I am, Sir, &c;, AMEN. ? m. 