THE YEOMAN. A FARMERS' FIRE ASSURANCE ASSOCIATION. The 'Australasian' says :— The farmers of St. Arnaud recently met to consider the expediency of forming an association of themselves, upon the mu tual principle, with a view to the reim bursement of any of their number who may be unfortunate enough to lose their crops or produce by fire. The meeting appears to have consisted of farmers who had already made up tbeir minds with re gard both to the necessity for such an as sociation and to the feasibility of obtain ing, through an organisation of the kind in question, the desired measure of pro tection against loss. The * S. A. Times' reports that after the objects of the meet ing had been shortly explained, a pros -pectus which had been drawn up was read, and, with few alterations, was unani mously adopted. The meeting then re solved that a society be formed, bearing the title " The Farmers' Fire Assurance Association," and a series of 25 regula tions was forthwith agreed to. The ne glect of Australian farmers to insure their property against fire has long been a standing reproach. Tt was in vain that a company was started, many years ago, specially to take farm risks ; equally vain j was the attempt to stir up the farmers to j insure when the trilling business of that j company was taken over by an ordinary j insurance company, which, perceiving, as j it imagined, an opening for enterprise, en deavoured to develop the farm branch pf business. The total amount of farm property upon which insurance was paid { was for many years not over £30,000, and it had previously not reached one-half of that sura. The company wag therefore incurring a large risk for a comparatively small annual payment, a condition of things which, being the reverse of en couraging, has not induced other com panies to follow in its steps. The farm ers of St. Arnaud district propose to assure only "standing crops and pro duce" for the interval between November 1 and the ensuing April 20, after which date in each year all claims on the society will cease. Every member is to keep plough-fallowed around bis crop a width of not less than three yards; hay stub bles are to be ploughed to that width, and " a green crop surrounding the stand ing crop is to be considered protection also, if of the same width." In the event of any member failing to provide such fallow or protection, he will be entitled, in case of loss, to receive only half the amount to which he would otherwise be entitled. In this qualifying condition there is likely to be great danger ; ordi nary insurances are vitiated by non- per formance of conditions of far less import ance than this one ; a reasonable interval might be allowed for the performance of the fallowing after the removal of the hay crop, but the omission to plough after the stipulated time should defeat a claim for loss arising directly or indirectly from such neglect. The regulations adopted by the St. Arnaud association exhibit a kindly bias in favour of small farmers. Each member is to bind himself to pay, in case of fire, the percentage agreed upon by a committee appointed, on the value of his own produce ; but should the amount required exceed the sum of 1 per cent, of the value of all the members' produce, the percentage of all whose produce is valued at less than £100 shall be J per cent, be low the general rate. "The same rule is to apply in proportion to the amount re quired in the rental of those whose valua tion of produce does not exceed £300, £400, &c.; the rate in no case what ever to exceed 2J per cent. This slid ing scale is accompanied by a kind of limited liability. The compensation is to be at the rate of 20 per cent, below the actual value of the property destroyed, and " any member whose crop exceeds in value the aggregate amount of the mem bers' percentages can only claim compen sation to the amount of such percentages." Further,. " if more than one member is enjftled to compensation up to the highest sua obtainable according to the above rates, the amount is to be divided in proportion to tbeir loss." Rules are of course provided for the election of a com mittee and^bfficera named "judges," but Hmt7§e^duty it will be to assess damages, and apportion the amount of contribution from each member. Equity has been strictly kept in view in framing the regu lations, but the proposed association hardly promises to effect the desired object—that of insuring members against the loss of their crops by fire. In the first place, it is essential that the risks be not confined to one district, lest, as frequently bas hap pened, the whole district should be in volved in the same calamity, and there should be none or few to help the suf ferers. Crop assurance societies cannot be soundly based unless the area represented be varied and extensive. It is desirable, also, that the number of insurers be very large, in order that losses, when they hap pen, may not press heavily on those who have to pay, and it is evident that neither of these conditions is likely to be fulfilled by a small local mutual association. In assuming that the proposed association will be small, and that its operations will extend over a too limited area of country —-one that would be likely, in the event of a bush-fire, to be almost wholly in volved in ruin—we have done so for want of statistics showing the number of mem bers, the acreage, extent, and probable value of crops to be assured. In bringing before the public proposals to establish a company, it is customary to present at least a rough estimate of the expected business, a course which, in the present case, appears not to have been taken. About the good faith of the movers in this matter there is not the slightest doubt; their action is as creditable to their hearts as to their heads, but they have certainly erred in making the association a local one. What is wanted is a numerous pro prietary—on the mutual principle, if pre ferred—but, in any case, one whose ope rations shall extend over the whole colony. It is as necessary, moreover, to insure farm buildings, hay stacks, and grain stacks all the year round as to insure crops whilst they are growing. The ac tion of the St. Arnaud farmers, if taken up by the press and by agricultural socie ties, may, probably, lead to a reform in this matter of farm insurance, so as to render, in the future, the practice of insurance the rule, instead of as hitherto, the exception. 