' iPbt &$fàts iWornmg détail?* ; ' THURSDAY, DECEMBER 81, 1874. *> WITH the close of to-day we bid good-bye to the year 1874, which will then go to join the years "beyond the flood"-its pleasuies for- gotten, its pains remembered. , Glancing back over our own colonial annals, we observe that the year has not been altogether an uneventfiui'a,one. If we were to apply the principle"''of the famous apothegm, " Happy the country whose annals are uninteresting," we should not be able quite to claim the year as a happy one, for most certainly our annals, have not been uninteresting ; ' at least not to ourselves, however dull they may appear to the world outside. The year on the whole has been n prosperous one, and that because the staple industry of the country has been prosperous. The great area of which the colony consists, is in the main a glaring area, all the other 'industries put together being limited to a very few square miles, and the annual crop of grass has, in the form of wool and meat, been a large crop and a remunerative crop. The profit that is reaped has been circulated through many channels, though in the first instance it may come into | comparatively few hands, and the general effect has been very noticeable. It is most visible, however, in its effect on the revenue of the country. Those who have been the first re- cipients of pastoral profits, being Crown tenants, and being desirous of becoming more and more freeholders, have largely paid away their gains to the Crown for the sake of secur- I ing the permanent possession of the land which has helped them to so large an income, and it is to this fact that it is mainly due that the land revenue for the year will prove to be more than a million sterling. The TREASURER in un- folding his annual Budget was able to show a large surplus. Under nearly every heading the public finances were prosperous, but the great receipt was from that portion of the pastoral profit which had been expended in the purchase of land. During the year he has thus been able to wipe off the last remnant of the old deficiency debt, to put the finances of the colony on a thoroughly sound basis, and to stand ready to meet the future whatever it may bring. The political history of the colony has in some respects been quite different from what was anticipated in January last. When the year opened Parliament was still in session winding up the business which properly belonged to the previous year. The exciting matter for discussion was the relation ol Parliament to the GOVERNOR in connection with the discipline of the Volunteer Force a discussion which showed that our law had vested in the Governor, as head of the force, a power somewhat inconsistent with the respon- sibility of Ministers for every Executive act. But though this anomaly was very clearly developed, it has not as yet been removed After the Rossi case had been finally disposed of, Parliament still dragged rather slowly at its' work, although the majoiity that supported the Ministry was as large and as loyal as any that has ever before been seen amongst us Aftei the ordinary business of the session had been got through, it still remained to pass the Act for reconstructing the electoral dis- tricts for the return of members to the 'Assembly. This measure had been left to the last, but the House was kept together for the purpose of passing it ; and only a very Btrong Ministry could have persuaded the House so to remain in session, after the Appro- priation Act had been passed, and when every one was weary. It was, however, suc- cessfully done, and the measure was passed to the Upper House, but the amendments there made being declared by the SPEAKER to ,be contrary to the privileges of the Assembly, the bill was lost at the last moment, and the time spent over it was as good as lost. One important measure of the session waa the| Mining Act, this involving a reconstruction of part of our administrative machinery. This gave us two new institutions-first, a .Mining Minister ; and secondly, a Mining Board. It is ioo early at present to speak positively as , to the advantage of this arrangement, but 'the ' Minister lias found ' plenty to do, and the/Board hu had a laborious session in which it has diBcussed and endeavoured to< ' work oat many of the practical problems with respect to minings on Crown land, which have bçen for years subjects of discussion. They have brought to bear upon the subject a good deal of practical knowledge and common Bense, find some benefit can hardly fail to flow from their laboms, though at present we are not in a position to say how much. There is at present some ha?iness of opinion as to whera the authority of the Boaid does or ought to end, and thore is evidently every disposition on the part of this new Parliament to get all the power that it can. Public works have proceeded throughout the year with as much vigour as wa3 possible with ,the labour at hand, but we have found out that the money to be spent is greatly in excess of the number of men available for the sort of employment the public works offer. Immigra- tion, however, being only carried on on a very limited scale, and under very restrictive conditions, there has been but little addition to the population so far as immigration from the old world is Concerned ; but from the other colonies many persons have come, attracted by the growing reputation of New South Wales, although as the other colonies are also carrying out public works to a large extent, they too have bid high to retain all the available 'labour. In the month of November Parliament re- assembled for the business proper to the year, but came to an abrupt prorogation before achieving anything of public interest beyond eliciting the TREASURER'S account of, the finances. Politics got shunted off on to a side line, and the head engineer finding himself in a sort of cul de sac, with no way out in front, had no alternative but to come to a dead stop. The great bushranger GARDINER, who, by his ciimes, cost the country so much in money and in lives, cost us, by his good conduct in gaol, a political crisis. If he had behaved badly in Darlinghurst he would have been theie now, thnd the Assembly would have been busy with tthe Estimates. But he behaved well and got a promise of paidon. This promise a very large number of persons, perhaps wo might say the public generally, thought was too hastily given ; but the Gcv MINOR, in spite of petitions to the contrary, decided that the pardon was proper in itself, and that in any case having been promised should be given. To explain his views on this point he wrote a minute, in which minute were expressions that have given offence to the petitioners, and in which were also arguments which were interpreted as replies to arguments used in the Assembly. The minute having been laid on the table of the Assembly on the day prior to the prorogation, and when it could not be taken into consideration, was taken up when Parlia- ment reassembled, and a resolution was passed in committee which was equivalent to a censure, both on the Government and on the GOVER- NOR ; and only by the SPEAKER'S vote did that resolution fail to be adopted, t The Government having in a House generally so devoted to it been thus treated, had no option hut to dissolve, and thus the close of the )ear finds us in the midst of a generul election with the businebs proper to this year carried forward not only to a new year, but to a new Parliament. Towards the close of the year a new ques- tion, or rather an old question revived, came up to complicate the political situation. Some very gross abuses in provisional schools were brought under public notice, which created a feeling adverse to the influence of ecclesiastics over the Public schools. This, combining with qther influences, generated a desire that the Public school system should tend more rapidly lina more completelj' to beoome nation»], .and this feeling found its expression in the forma- tion of a regular organization to bring about such a .change in our system. This was promptly responded to by another organisation framed in the interests of Denominational schools, and for the purpose of preserving all the rights that they hold under the present law. The contest between the two parties has been v-igorous, and there ha\e been more public meetings on the subject than on any other which has excited public attention since the land question was disposed of. The agitation has, of course, affected the elections, and has infused into them a very obvious ecclesias- tical element. Perhaps the most important event df the year, 30 far as New South Wales is concerned, has been the annexation of Fiji, which, though npt connected with our local politics, is very closely connected with oui interests. It would have been in the highest degree undesirable for any great naval power to secure a foothold in a group of islands so central with respect to Sjdne), Brisbane, and Auckland as the Fijis are, and which are likely to become an im- portant mail depot. Since the annexation has happened we have come more and more to see that it was really inevitable, and that there was no other solution of the political problem the Islands presented. The then existing Government could not be maintained any longer, being hopelessly bankrupt and not possessing the confidence of the white popu- lation ; a restoration of THAKOMIIAU'S power, pure and simple, was also impossible, and there was no other alternative to civil war than the assumption of the sovereignty by a strong power. Connected with the acquisition of Fiji, there arose an important discussion with respect to the acting Governorship of the colony during the absence of the Govi.RNOR-the consequences of which con- troversy have not j et fully disclosed themselves. The CHIEI JTJSHOK, who is the appointee of the Ciown, considered that a case had arisen in which his contingent appointment should take effect ; the Go\ eminent thought differently, and as without its consent the necessary stepB could not be taken, nothing was none. The con- 1 troversy on the subject was of course closed by the return of the GOVERNOR, but we have yet to receive the decision of hei Majesty's Govern- ment on the points that were taken. The 3 ear has been notable as that in which the tiansit of Venus occurred, and we are happy to say that the preparations made in this colony for taking observations at various points were rewarded by successful observa- tions. Similar preparations were made in all the neighbouring colonies, and in all of them with some degree of success, though in some the weather greatly interfered with the v ork of the astronomers. It was impossible to foresee where the weather would be tine, and it was only by distributing the work over the whole of the Australasian group that these colo- nies could make sure of having some contribu- tion to make towards the labour of the civili/.ed world ; and we have reason to hope that the observations made in Australasia, when col- lected and collated, will be found to be a valuable help towards the determination of tiie important astronomical problem involved. We wißh that we could report such co- operation among the colonies in] all mattere, as there has happily been in respect to this scientific observation; but in matters political and commercial we are not yet so free from jealousy and-passion as we are in the happily neutral ïenlrnn of science. ^The year'has boen,, 'I'emarkable tor the development of the separate,' and, we may, perhaps, say the rival systems of mail service. Our own part in this competition has not been particularly successful, and though the service has not actually broken down, it has only been saved from doing so by the Government virtually taking it into its own hands, and acting through the agency of a local company. The year has not left us anj thing to boast of in this respect, except that it has afforded fiesh evidence of the practicability and the utility of the service. So far ns intercolonial^commerce is conceined, the year has been notable for the re-establish ment on the frontier between ourselves and Victoria, of aborder customs line-a step undoubtedly retrograde in its character, but which we may hope to be one of those letrogressions which like the ebb wave of a ming tide is onlv the back- ward movement preliminary to an advance. There has, howe'ver, been a co-opeiation be- tween the thiee Eastein colonies foi the purpose of extending telegraphic communica- tion to New Zealand, and duplicating our communication thiough Asia to Europe. This joint agreement is at least one pledge of inter- colonial union, and will, we trust, be satisfac factorilj cairied out ; and if so, the year that has passed will have done something towards Auetralasinn unity. ENGLISH society has just now a remarkable iiisti action from the monotony of ordinary theological squabbles, by a discovery which has been made of a new scandal. His lord- ship the Bishop of LINCOLN, who has written on the ancient writings on the walls of Pompeii, and edited THEOCRITUS from the ancient MSS., has had under his episcopal govern- ment for years, without knowing it, a character infinitely more interesting to the modern English public titan any character of anti- quity, Pagan or Christian, treated of by Dr. WORDSWORTH, since he first began to write. In the parsonage of one of theso curiously, named vicarages or rectories in the diocese of Lincoln resides an old gentleman eighty-two years of age, whose name in the îeligious world is the Rev. J. W. KING, whose presumed employment is the discharge of the sacred duties appeltaining to the ùcarage of Ashby de-la-Launde and the rectory of Bassingham the emoluments of which offices are computed in round numbers at about £1000 a-yeai. Ap- parently, for all the world knew about him, this venerable ecclesiastic was nothing more than what he seemed to be-a priest of the Church of England. And yet one fine morning Dr. WORDSWORTH finds out that this old clergy- man is one of the first racing men of England ; that his horses are among the very noblest and best known animals at all the great meets of the country ; that they win annually sums to which even the exceptional incomes of Ashby de-la-Launde and Bassingham are merely a flea- bite; and when the Bishop intimates that a scandal so grievous should bo at once removed, his Lordship is referred by this old reverend racer to his attorney. The thing seems in- credible, but it is a fact, and is the sensation of the hour in England. MACAULAY somewhere says, speaking of the necessity of all contrivances of human wisdom being organized solely with a view to their main end, that an academy of painting which should also be a bank, would in all pro- bability exhibit very bad pictures, and discount very bad bills ; as a gas company, which should also be an infant school society, would illumi- nate with equal feebleness the streets, and the minds of the children. We are not in a position to say whether the venerable vicar of Ashby-de-la-Launde, and rector of Bassing- ham, was an exception to this rule, and was as successful in his labours as a teacher as he undoubtedly was as a trainer; but tjiere is some slight evidence that he wished to blend harmoniously his secular and his spiritual employments, inasmuch as he entered his horses by a name which was a part of the name of his vicarage ; for he was known upon the turf, not as the Rev. J. W.KING, but as Mr. LA UNDI; and with a somewhat High Church sjmpathy with monastic insti- tutions, he had named one of his best horses " Holy Friar." His magnificent successes as a race-horse proprietor seem to have been the immediate cause of his ecclesiastical difficulties. If he had raced and lost, no one would have curiously followed his defeated animals back ta the Wapentake» and Sokes of Lincolnshire, and tracked them to their tranquil homes at the parsonage. But a man who beats with one horse Blair Athol after he had won the Derby, and with another wins the One Thousand, Oaks, and the St. Leger, and has a third who stands high among the knowing ones for the Derby of 1875, cannot hope to conceal himself in the pulpit of any parish church of the diocese of Lincoln. Men naturally look for so conspicuous a figure in the world, in the grand stand or the saddling paddock; and if he is not to be found amidst the promiscuous and noisy society of such haunts, he must be i looked for till he is found out. The turf, j as it stands nt present in its relationship to English society, cannot pernlit gentlemen to take its prizes, without giving their names as ' nable patrons of a popular amusement which now, more than at any period of its history, requiies, to sustain it, all the countenance and suppoit of men of honom and fortune, and social position. It would be too much to suffer thousands of pounds of subscribed money to ¡passr into the pockets of an old'sporting gentleman who v> as .ashamed to lend his name to the entertainment by which he¡80 largely profited : and,of one who, if anj enterprising and adventurous bookmaker tried to J' get at" him, might knock>down his iisitor willi a' folio of Str^ Gregory Na/ian/en, or St. Chijsostom.' * , It is Bingular-to note how this view'ctops up in Ibe treatment of this clerical scandal bj' the English Press. The present condition of the turf in England is declaied by almost every journal that has written upon this subject to be deplorable. A respec'able paper-one of the few by the way which deals very tenderly and apologetically with the Rev. Mr. KIN«-boldly asBprts that " the man whb could set trie good example of showing that horse-racing is com- patible with honesty, and that it can be in- dulged in without gambling, would in the present day be a benefactor to the human race ; " and on all sides it is affirmed that it is the modern associations of the turf-the betting-the pulling-the open knavery and secret rascality, which intensifies [the scandal and makes the position of the Bishop impregnable. , It is urged that' when Mr. KING first knew the turf, it was simply the arena for splendid struggles of generous creatures owned by generous men -that 'in these remote days noblemen and gentlemen trained and raced their horses for the'excitement of the contest and the glory of the victory-that all meicenaiy considerations were despised-and that the racecourse might with safety and with pleasure be visited by the moat fastidious and honourable men-and by the purest women. And it is said that all this is changea. ; The Times refuses to believe ? that, Mr. KING is new capable of realizing the scenes that are enacted on the racecout the manifold evils that result from e ;abufes. It is sixty years since Mr. KIN his degree at his University, and he mus been already a man of advanced age wh demoralization oí the turf had comm But in spite of all that may be said to m the scandal which he has created, it is cti a melancholy subject of contemplation to man of more than eighty years of a clergyman of the Church of England-en in a purfauit which, if it were invested wi respect of mankind, would be an excee questionable occupation for a religious te but which, in the present view of tin English society, makes the case an inn and insupportable scandal. j _--.-=^^_^=-.-. -_.^.--. TDE STAîir DUTIES.-By referonco t seventh clauso of the Stamp Duties Act Amondmo of 1871 it will be seen, fb.it that Aot and the prineip of 18G5 loth «xpiio to-day. In his Budgot ii delivdicd in November liiBt, the Hon. Geo. A Lloyd s ti "It will bo ncco:siry to bring inn bill ni onco to the Stamp Aot, which expires on tho 31st Dooombor This Act was passed in 18(35, and for the five yoars c with 1870 it produced about £63,000 per annum ¡ in ti the rovenuo was £77,500; in 1872, £91,296 ; in : £94,020; and this year, up to 30th Soptombor, £'') The cost of collecting this revonuo is not more thai- ( cent." The legislntien necessary for the rs- ituposil ¡ tho Btamp duties cannot bo effoo'od inuoh bBfoi. ' end of Fobruary, nud the IOES of rovonuo from this 8 ) will not, thoreforo, bo much IOBS than £10,000. T must be added tho cost of the establishment whicl have to bo retained whether there is work to bo dono o Some oppesition has been threatened to tho renewal o Act, and it may bo effective in modifying eonio of it' visions. '1 ho irritation which was occirionod by ths imposition of tho duties has long since died away, a tho country elands in urgent need of all tho revonuo i ncqu'rothoteisno reason to suppose that the oolloctit the Stamp Duties will be long deferred. | DISTRICT COURT.-Thursday, 31st Dccembojli Ca. Sa. Motions : Bobarfald v. Meyers, Palina: v. Is Jacobs v. Alexander, Burnett v. Grovillo, Woolcott Beverley, Byora v. Dean, Phillip« v. Staok, Cooli Cohtn, Éthoiingtcn v. Roberta, Adams v. Grant. Ini| pleader: Butler and another v. Cross, Barnett cloinit Cause : Williams v. Bath, [1 TESTIMONIAL TO MR. JOHN BENNETTS handeomo testimonial is about to bo presented by a li. mtmbcr of the inhabitants of New South Wales tot John Bennett, losfee of tho VictoriaThenlro, for hispri worthy and successful exertions in saving bunnin life.I appears that thrico within the past year this gentleman! honourably distinguished himself ii resouing porsona fl being di owned in Sydney harbour, thus inoroasing] number of lives saved by him to seventeen in all, J dtsiro thus manifested for a special recognition of Mr. fl nitt's scivicos in this direction arose_ out of liia gill rescue of Alexander Reovio from boina; drownod on night of tho 20th of July lust; and tho form wh tho teBtimonial has tnkon is ti kind of drawii room album, bouEd in purplo vol vet, and moun] in gold-to bo preserved ai an heivloom in B1 Bennett's fnmilj*. The teBtimonial ia engrossed on volluu with tbo names of 1330 subscribers-the names bel arranged alphabetically and neatly written in two liets, a for Sydnoy and ono for Balmain. The (¡ilo-page j, illuminated ingold nnd body colours with a border of scru Hork and Howers. At the top is a modalli representing a design taken from' "Lloyd's medal -ttindly lent to the artiBt (Mr. Georgo Roloh, Elizabeth-Etrcot.) for this purposo by Captain Watstl The tmbjcol is taken from the Odyssey, whoro tho sh wrecked horo Ulysses, after various adventures eubsequc, to the fall of Troy, is saved from drowning by Loucotho The address, extending ovor three pages, ia a boautif 31 ecimen of illumination and ornamental lottorin tie flret pago being enriched with a vignetto of tho tai of Now South Wales and tho name of " John Be! nott," with initial letters in old English capitals. Ti next page of tho address ii ornamented with a scroll wo¡ border end vignettes, omblomatical of saving lifo; and ti lsBt pago is very elegantly and olahorately finished. Wi (bo above testimonial the committee propoBO to hnnd to M Bennett tho title- deeds of property purohasod by tho at Balmain, and these deeds aro now being prepared, fn of charge, at Mr. Wont's office. Tho subscription umoun to eevernl ' hundred pounds sterling, and the proporl purchased is to bo for the benefit of Mr. Bonnott's wi1 and family. . ' . ; IMPORTANT TO VOLUNTEERS.-In the firs pago of this paper nppearB a Brigade Order, having for ii object tho suppression of two practices whioh are regarde by tho Commandant as uneoldierlike and objootionabls ono ia-smoking in uniform; the other-parading tbJ sfrceta drosFed partly in plain clothes and partly in volmil toer uniform. This Order will commend itsolf to thi judgment of volunteers who desire to preeorve the characta oí tho service for military decorum. A citizon-soldin, cáielessly dressed in a costumo half civil and half militai^ und standing at ease bohind a short pipo, is neither snggos live of military discipline, nor calculated to " otéate rospso for the military service." 'THE IficnLAND . KEEPER'S DAUGHTER,-ft Many of the public haye nlrcady become familiar withp ihis pioluro through its exhibition in the shop windows, o It will hu issued this week to th« »ubscribors of tho Sydney i JJntï. To say tho loHSt, it will find favour with most ( people; for the subject isa homolyone; und the drawing ' le executid with exactness and taste. t , EAST MACQUARIE ELECTION.-Mr. John Booth having received an influential requisition to conuibt tho electorate of East Macquarie oonscnlcd to do BO, and loft town for that purpose last ovening. 'TUB TURK.-The following prizes, won at tho hilo Haw!tvbiirj-meeting, wero paid on Monday evoning !«*t :-Mr. G. Matthews, £'200 ; Mr. J. Eales. 217 ; Mr. W. Arcl-er, £115 ; Mr. A. Bowman, £140 ; Mr. J. Tait, £116 ; Mr. B. Eiebnrda, £M, Mr. G. Hill. £20 ; and other íióallcr f Hine-amounting to £972. A mooting of Tatter rail's Club wa>- held last evening, when somo spooulation look plai'o on Tattersall's Cup, Blair Athol being most in ittyonr at 5 1o 1. Reprieve, after hi» gallop yesterday af'terneon, was not so firm, and 600 to 100 was refused. und lOU to 15 may bo quoted as his price. The Arrow carno into the market with some foroe, and lift off at 6 to 1 taken nnd offered, and Lord Lyon was at the same price. The following aro the latest BCtatobings (December 30, at 3.45 p.m.) -¡Duke for all engagements ; Fongstross, for tho Free Handicap ; Marchioness, for Tattersall's Cup ; Sunlight, for Tatt.'r siill's Cup ; the Barb-Pooress filly, for flin Two-year-old Stakes; Now Warrior, for tbo Maiden Plato and Prie Handicap. Tho undermentioned horeos have been etruok out of tho Hunt Club Races (December 30, at IO a.m.) : Harlequin, for the Huidle and Steeplechase; Raoeipt, for the Hurdle Race; (at 12.30 p.m.); Murio Stuart, for the Hopeful iitakes. ANNIVERSARY HEIJATTA.-Tho committee met I on Tueeday evening and completed arrangemeuls regard- ing courses, prizes, &o.; Tho amount devoted to tho latter will be larger then it lins been for years paBt, and it is expected that there will bo proportionately largo ontriea. In, the raco for licensed watermen, it was decided that thsy should uso their own boate and tho Bame to have been licenetd not lees than thioo months. Perhaps the most oxciting contest of the day will be that between the Mis- tral and Magic, then to meet for the first time. Their race ¡B already oausing great interest le j'uohting circles. Tho Mistrnl, as representing the modem I y pa of an English yacht, will, for the second timo, bo pitted against a purely colonial model, and as her ownor is going to con- siderable expense in the way of now spars, racing gear, &c;" she will bo seen at her host. Magio has just bent her first rucing suit-one of Lapthorno's best, with mainsail ' lac|d to the boom. Bier lower mast appiurs Boort oomparod to the Mietial'snew one; but this in a good fault in an outhidu niatoh, provided want of hoist is compensated for hy length of boom. A completo programme of the day'» sport will appear in Saturday's Jlet aid. .HUNTER'S HILL REGATTA (LANE COVS RIVKK).-Tho commitlcoin whoaooaro the managcraaut of this annual gathering hits been placed, have been BO far most euccot-Bful. The new year will bo inaugurated on tho placid waters of Lape Covo, in a creditable manner. Pre- paration» aro being made at Longueville for booths, merry ßo-rounäs, maypoles, &c;, &c.; Thofingnhlp will bo moored in mid-channel, oppoaite the Longueville wharf. Steamers will ply all ¿lay from Limo-slreet to Laue Cove. Tho pro- gramme as advertised for tho lust few weeks, has boen maintained. The entries are numerous in almost evory raco. Should tho weather bo propitious,, this ovont will come oil with its usual i'clat. HIGHLAND GATHERING ON NEW YEAR'S DAY. -Tho Boventh annual gathering of Highlanders will take place tit tho Albert Ground, Redfern, on Now Year's Day, for ivbieh occasion tho committee have issued a very attrac- tive programme, which may be been on reference te tho amusement cojumn., The gathering is under tho patronage of Sir Hercules Robinson, Sir James Martin, and tho ' members of the Ministry, and momhois of tho Legislative Council, besides a number of other gentlemen. Amongst the various items on tho programme, there being over thirty, aro the great sword feats by tho West, Brothors. bayonet, exorcise by the West Maitland Volunteers and No. |1 Company of Highlanders, and tho foot rat» for the Now Year's gift. Tho Volunteer Brigade band will be in attendance all day, for the uso of those who desire to indulge in dancing. Those who bavo not Been the Albert Ground lately will find groat improvement« have boen made to it. EXCURSION FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SUFFERERS BY THE LATE FlRE AT WINDSOR. It will be seen on reference to our advertising columns that Mr. W. Clark is to give an excursion to Athol Gardens, on 8aturday next, the proceeds of which will be given for the benefit of the sufferers by the late fire at Windsor. No doubt, a great number of persons will attend the excursion, considering the laudable object Mr. Clark has in view. ?Ú^EÑTS-A mau named Edward M Donald . Sod into the Infirmary last night at about a -ÄlOo'elook suffi ring from infernal injuries ho re. ,ftr hmntr knoiltd doun by a cab vvhilo walking f-ltcCamperdown Ko*d near tho University The f- n <lllt"fbat Ins cab did not knot* M'Donald down, ÄÄ »bo road, und be «topped his cab, pul ; r du nnintu if, < »d u nuvid him to tho Infirmary. r««fcM» aßtec. vu admitted »to tho Infirm ir> ff -»fr'aw f«. . > ft"0,ur" l0 oneof Wi ,effJ ïh0 Jinlliippttcd»' vu,li ¡J'»-'I'» ti AI m 01 I'll K I-» ' n,ßht, .tboul a qu irtcr ¿ltioiloik, sn. alarm of inowi8roceivedatthof.ro U IWbuistetnct Two engines fro-n the lira .m«rce Dncodo OHiro vv re mum di Holy diipitchod to Ktinuicalcd when it-MIS found th it the Ilia waa fid to the bed curtains of a room in No 61, Bitburst ¿«tttenUneooO] John Harkness Huaro .mini tbreii"h a <-lnld pulling a candió too near tho bed rtlw wb.cb were set in u bl i/o The daine;- dono ¡s ti o'dettrnction of tho bta-curtains and a portion of 'btlM"tf m , i. 1.1 Tim DISSOLTJTIOÎ« -Io show how completely loiiiiiof the late dn°olution ia nit°und ritood in mmo «r colonies, wo enlruil tbt follovsing from tho Now ilmd Emití of tho Ula mitant -" Ike New South ill« Purlmnunt munt bo very fond of splitting strawa in m (idiorso volo npjn Oaidiner s release should ciuso ri Binent to be hnstilj dii'-olveti It is tho first timo, wo nldimoginojthat an uni! tul ladnlgcnco granted to a omma criminal hu= ever been niadoii Ministerial quos i Sullivans releaso did not move our A«sombly, and 1 wv advino voto Urn pi sed wo aro quito Kurothit tailers Mould not lmvi re i¿acd (heir portfolio! Gar ir vo must »narine, \ IK undo the ovouso foi somo iswhich did not como Iff >rc the miriam " f'io crisis bought about, ai otu re id rs aro a wire, bv tho pro- fit» of tho Govuiior s minute-a proceeding which i» persons think involved u serious Constitutional <|ICD ¡finí o\v Esc«" i POM rirtf -A very narrow icoftoui a inoildisi trou« lire occurred on 1 riday, at Sleam Poehet Hotel, oointr uf Hunter and Nowcomon ¿s, IScivciBtlo it np) can Ihitsomoof Mr Smiths Jn", vlio worein thelfdtoo« gut hold of somo luotfor tilt end'vlulst I laving vi iih them set uro to the moa ocutnins, and tío hie reaihid tho bed clothes and bed ite tho accident wa. disroiorcd Ihon, however, a I denian who was in the hou«o rushod up, and toro tho Sins down, end by menus of a few buckots of water, Sited Iho fire from the bed, bedding, and clothing, however, before dwango was done to tho oxtont of IWABKaBMS AcciDEXT.-The Newcaotle Pilot in wtremely painful accident occurred on Tuesday, nin^nd instant, to Mr. J. G. Clovoir, foreman in o neo .,f (ho irapya ir^m Jirprm. Mr. Clovoir was ,e «lut is known in lint printing trado as a lead outter MVVknife, worked bv leverage, cn the sumo principle lo ordinary tobiicco-ciitter. Tho cutter being now, was ,o«h»t stiff, a«d '"" bUd0 w?s «tarnJing uP."Sht; "lo it *aa in this position Mr. Clovoir placed a piece of [al lo bo cul on the, table beneath, and almost sirnul Uiwlv tho linde fell. Tho blow completely severed the foi his unger, and w »seo he ivy as to «leo cut through nicM underneath. j kisiiSio INSTEAD or SODA.-Tlie Mount Ale») kr jlfuiíof Saturday «ate» ihat on Friday evening nu ire family, "¡siding in Ginpe-U-r- troet. had a very narrow ire of being poisoned. A packet of utaonio which had Km the hout-o for nomo timo was accidentally mixed \ flour, which waa Ufed for making caket. Of this tho foraatohcarfilv.nndina fe-* hours after bec ima sick, j riioiuâ every'f)i)iploin of poisoning. Medical ntd J »lenco obtained, «ntl it was then diaoDvorod that tho Lio had teen used int-tend of sod«. ShwcASTXE- The niot s.iys the recent pro-, li«! dry weather is ciu-ing considorablo dMre»/ 4ti"hcut*tho city, through want of water for ordinari [eiic purposes. In ibo m tjority of dwellings on thi Jteliks are oxhausted, and residents aro dop"nding ftf Jlics on water carled at a eint of Sa. a load from viols 'to loner paris of the citj\ Weare informed that,n ml of tho miniBg townships (Vhsre water oven in niiy ;m w preserud to a limited decree only) groit ¡Dccn eneeisfelt, and nt Lamblon, should the drou¿htcan 0 muth longer, it is probable that waler will havoto be for to Newcastle, BB was tho caso about ftnr years :, under similar circumstanced Vegetation iß blooming bed and scant, Bnd thoextensiio bush-fires flat h.ivo 1 occurred in tbo neighbourhood of Nencasto, havn ¡rd off overy vestlgo of grass over nnny ujloa of ilr;', to that thcro will probibly bo much eiffering [g'cattle. Altogether tho prospect of nnoth*r veek or I the weather lately prevailing is sufficient b causo as apprehension on allude-, and a few days leary rain !d bo regarded as a blessing to the district. ¡ BOWNING.-The Maitland M> rcuriÀraçiovlg, on Wednesday last, Taj lor, a farmer, raiding at kringlon, near Oakville, vient into a paddock near tho o with como of his children, loivinjr in the hotse, with vite, a eon aged three joirs and nine montis. Thi» i bud buen weak in his intellect from his birth.'nnd had i constantly watched. The mother of the cHld, who engnged iu domestic duties, saw bim about a qiartor of our beforo (ho father carno homo, at (ho ojrner of iOH£o,'pliii'u)g with a dop. At the end of that ilma fho ed him ; and, on guwi< Io unto nooroh, nao net her tond and other children romrning, Thoro Wts n vroll Îtbft bouse, with about toi feat of water in it. It WHS red with slabs, and had a door. This door WIB fouud . rjien, end tho fathor, looking down, eaw (nobody of it (tin boy ilOiiling on the «a cr. Ho descended, and the body up till a ropo was lowered to ralso it. The was then quito dead. rEECK oi' A Luioi'it SHIP.-The Fiji Tims !lk December reports that by the Daphno, siboonor, ia arrived in harbour on Iho previous day furn the ur grounds with a full complemont of passenters, wo i that the American bngnntine IlaUio Jackson, Captain cr. has been totally wrecked in n hurricina, viith tho of ono life. The Bullio Jaokson had 8(J Silomou ctlcrs on board at tbo timo of her wreck, and watbound iii port. Mr. St. John, tho owner of the wrecked el, came up in the Daphne, and ho3 kindly f unished iib tho following report :-" Tho American briguitino JoJaclson, H. b. Puller, master, having 86 So ornoo udera on board, was lost at Capo Lisburno, Island of io, on the 12th Novomber _ lost, during a irano blowing from tho N.W., whon the vessel iii tho breakers, ono of the orow (William son) was washed overboard and drowned before assist f cnuld ha rendered. Tho veBecl was thrown stvoral liBbovebigh-vtater lovel, among large boulders. The premaining, their great weight so injured tile keel as jaie the vee-el a total loss. Our sincere thanks nie duo loptain John M'l>onald,of the Daphne, for his kind lian e, and by his taking the patBongere, labour, crew, trtdosaiedon to llavnnnah Harbour, arriving thoro .s 24th of November. I succeeded in chartering a jurand a cutter, vihich sailed on the 25th, in charge iplainl'ullerand the first officer, to recover from the t «hat had been saved, and to break up tho vessel for upper, ice. Ajiottion of her labour was ro-engiged sptniu M'Donald ; the balanco was placed ia the care Ir. 11. B. Hebbleuhito, merchant, of Havannah Har , Io wait their puesase to Fiji." 'FSLEYAN BAZAAIL-A bazaar in ¡titi of the tor discharging the debt on tho WoBloyan Church, luii-stroet, was opened on Tuesday night, when thero »very large attendance. Twelvo months ago a bazaar lof tho same fund was hold at tho Temperance Hall, Weet, and the object of tho present movement is to M of tho eurp us articles. There waa a very good idílico last night, and na the whole of tho remaining : ui lo bo Bold this evening the bazaar will piobably bo patronised. ' MUK ET : EAST SYDNEY NONPLAYERS V NEW ni l*us AnTH.LEin.-A ciicket mitoh bctwosn a eer of gentlemen connected with tho East Sydnoy MilZ^i.168 Ar4tll,or>' F°reo> jT« playedou tho Civil Military Ground, je- terdny afternoon, and resulted, xS'mf-'w'^ * viotory for th0 "onp'avers xruDB. Tne hast Sydney representatives w,-ro the P,Cn-hv*.'cket"' a,n4 wero disposed of for G3 , bolonci Richardson and Mr. F. Bavn s utm-in» o figures. The Artillery Zhrt«TYn^thoirZt .nuttmanaged to dispose of their opponent* in the ii?.?BB«for 29vlt0,,CIS wi<h u (aotuut) being the double figure. The Artillery went in with ¿vary ?wÍan.?.a8y .vlctory' but J'ust beforo the time fed «SA'TIT "f1«*» «te lust wicket fell, tee Tr T ^ g4 * Th6»0?Pl»ye«, as beforo stated, won by [t?ce S».r-r me? vvhui?eldom havo an opportuaitv to towlin? Ä ^""f^'yiB «» field. The bUting iiotumg of the nonplayera were also good, buttha fwarsavssiaiäS "»L1»»» «4i»ri* iL WAI .;; u ., , ^A5T 811IX1.Y KOX-FLAVSS« Arfe 4 "MT*». . oVír"b'ln¿»íl. ll î,GotllP/ù,b Coburn'..;.', 0 «iIo'r.oQIceU'b'col. J !tumpcd Qlceson-..;.»."..' « egal! .... " n VT .. ' r ' . «nt Brady, ¿"ini'nii"*' 4 5 nig"'-"i-i-..'..". ° »latir, not ¿ut a S S1«80»! t> Coburn'.'..' 1 -w¿.....:!::;::;:::::: \ hcf^-.«--..2*tj. Toui.j s '. wai«:...:.:.;.!!« uFi«tIBnIBg<. - ' Bcc'onainWs. aîssE i ss-'=== í S^welr*-:.i iel»T.::x::::::::::-" I ^fcbB^»": * ?»&:::::::::.ï .-........"n,. , Buttdtie»/..,,;,,.,^., -"^a Tot*1.« Tot.i","...;.;.z 