. Ivr.-1 STATE FORESTS. For '-many years the subject of forest " cultureLJ has engaged the attention of our ... legislators arid administrators, though hitherto but little of practical work has been accomplished. Certainly a commence ment has been made, an Inspector of Forests appointed, a nursery established, a few timber reserves gazetted, and dis- trictcouncila appointed ; but still the 'work seemB to - drag slowly along, as though its importance was not fully realised, or that nobody in particular cared much about its progress. Of course an inspector and a nursery are necessary adjuncts to any scheme of forest planting. But unless the inspector has full powerand ample means 1 at his disposal, he can effect very little good. But while this laudable work is going on, the question forces itself upon the attention, whether at the same time it would not be better'to take a little more pains in conserv- ng the young native forests that are spring ing up wherever the full-grown timber has been cleared away, and whiohj if properly cared for and managed, would, in less time fchan any exotic trees require, become useful and valuable timber. For it cannot be de- hied that our native timber, taking all cir cumstances into account, is of more value to ,, us than any exotic timber that we could grow, however necessary that of the pine fa- rnily may be for many purposes. But nothing can be so generally useful as our' 11 eucalypti. Ana, therefore; while we have 80 much forest land covered with young j:,. saplings, that need only a very little care bestowed upon them in thinning, protecting \- from cattle, from bush fires, and the wood man's axe, to produce in a very few years timfeer fit for . almost any useful' . purpbsq, jit. appears monsfrijifri.-liari such,,. a , sourcejof wealth should . be negated); tt, thousands of acres !fli6uld.\bVde8troyediev®?y ywr fey bush-fires.; that the saplings should be. cut down .for' fire, wood that.. Rattle VsHould- bp' allowed to break arid trample them down and that thousands should be . destroyed; through mere wantonness or love of mischief, And ml this, is flowed to go on in mining and: other districts, where useful, timber .can only. ;be obtained ; at a . price which pre-, vents it from .being used at a profit.. But the idea of. planting extensive tracts .with trees reared at a great expense in nur' series is! entirely, out "of ..the . question. Happily there is no necessity, for, incurring so much qxpenBo. Theycan be. stocked in a' much cheaper manner by sowing the .seeds where the trees are , to Remain. Of course the ground must fee fepced , in in any case)' Afterwards the preparation need not cost more than would be required for a crop, of. wheat. Ploughingand harrowing the ground; - choosing, the most suitable arid most .desira ble kind of, tree for the soil and locality ; .sowing- the, seed- in lines a : sufficient ( distance apart to admit of the ground being cleaned . by horse . ;i labor ,.; for; one, two, or three years ; thinning the seedlings to the requisite distance, and little more expense would be required until the trees had grown up into timber fit for some useful purpose, and would annually require thirining, when the amount realised for the thinnings would not only pay ex- perises but leave an increasing margin of profit. It is all very well to plant a number of deodars and other valuable trees, and we may indulge the hope that a grateful pos terity will be duly, thankful, and. recognise our paternal efforts for their advantage ; but it is certain that our best policy is to provide for the needs. of the present geaeratidii by making the best use of what' remains to us, and by cultivating the useful as well as/the- ornamental. >, . ' ; Our- neighbors in- South Australia are stirring in' the matter, arid have passed an ' act for the encouragement 'of tree-planting by' private individuals. The Surveyor-' General, iiM r. > ij'oyder,- has published .a report on the, subject, the: result , of, a, .visit.; of. in spection to various parts , . of the country which it is proposed -to. set .apart for'statb plantations., Aj;d . while some' of tfie sug gestions, jn. the report are wise, others are |of a ridiculous and extravagant character. He proposes to proclaim a number , of reserves embracing an area of three hundred square miles, which are to be planted gra dually. And for raising the young trees nurseries are to be established, where the trees are to be raised in pots, and estimates the outlay at £14,375 for the first year, and £10,500 per annual afterwards. But his great mistakes lie in estimating the profit to be derived from the thinnings of the plantations, and the expenses incurred in tjieir formation. He proposes to plant the tfees | ten feet apart, or about; 435 -to the acre, I and. calculates that every second tree being! thinned out arid sold would realise the sum of £35,000 per annum from the sixth year, and, from the tenth year £70,000'per annum. Whereas the likelihood would be that only in exceptional cases'would there be any profit at all "from the thinnings -f or j a. number of years. So much are the gardeners 6f Adelaide impressed wjth the importance of trCe planting and the absurdities; of the report -that -they have held a meeting on . tjhe . subject, when . the . scheme " of-1 Mr. , Goydgr. was :,condmned. as., pre;; mature, -impracticable,- and undesirable.1' They coiisiaBced /that) the : figures) ppt' forward were , fallacious, both ,.as to the cost . of . planting/and the. ..estiiriae- |of the ijeturna,. and. . tfiat the scheme, would' involye ' -.an expenditiire' of. -I£56,00i0 to. -Start it.; . .Some valuable.rem'afks syere made by Mr. E. B. .Heyoie, who said that each tree would cost a. farthmg to plarit- out, !anfl that, the amount of), money put down for .the "scheme made, if;! utterly im- .practicable.' He ' condemned' /the' plan or raising, the trees in pots, and also stated that in several of the;Russian States "there were . immense tracts of forests which had ' been! raised from seed' sown broadcast; jn France; -too, this Bystem ; hadbcen acldptedi .In this dry 'climate trees requiredtap- roots to;- enable them to jdraw inbisture : from, greater depthsthan was necessary in Europe)' .where a tap-root was not of so much conse quence; 1 He suggested, and other'speakers coincided, that the best plan-1 xvas to 4>reak' uj> the ground and sow. the eeed where the ' trees! were to remain. : One speaker gave as his opinion that if the ground- was fallowed riativje trees Would spring up, and! produce fine timber, aqd said it occurred to)him that1 land which was worn out by successive grain crops would be very suitable for the pur- . pose. i!TA"-r. '.'V ' 