VICTORIA AND PROTECTION. TO THE BDITOIl Ol' THE HBttAl.I,. bin,-rermit me to make a few remarks upon the oller of the Mining Association of Victoria to supply New South Wales wiih 1000 men, referred to in your summary of 20th instant. It has been shown by Victorian statistics, copied ia a leader of yours lately, that the yield of gold and the number of miners in Viotoria doorcases yearly. This is one leason for Mr. serretary Taylor's oller. Other reasons are, that the wages of the working miners in Victoria have decreased eo much of late that 7s. Gd. per day, guaranteed for two years, would be considered a good thing by them ; and the gold-miner, not being a man inolined to work in turns SB a navvy, sheerer, or labourer, naturally seeks employment at his own particular craft. Viotoria baa supplied New Zealand and other colonies with both miners and gold-seekers for years, and now, in absence of a demand for this one special production of hers, she has a large stock on hand. Now is tbo time for Now South Wales further to develop her hidden mineral wealth, and an opportunity for speculation on the part of the wealthy men in tbe colony if they wish and desire to aid the deve- lopment of its resources. But I do not see how the offer of the miners has been brought about (as you think) by tho effects of a protective polioy. Your remarks remind me of a Melbourne merchant whom I heard blaming the Customs tariff for the present depression in general trade in Victoria. Besides allowing for a natural rise in the price of money, he admitted that Melbourne houseB iu most businesses were greatly overstocked by importing over the purchasing and consuming power of tho colony, and also that the general importo for 1874 had exceeded the average of previous years ; that even free-trade ideas are sometimes at fault. A free-ti ade policy might suit New South Wales while her pastoral and mineral interests are in such a flourishing state, but these interests have declined in Victoria of late-or, at least, tho pastoral interest bas not kept pace with ita increase of popula- tion. The sister colony has no large unused or unknown territory to develop, and, more unfortunate still, no ooal mines to work. Out of the 800,000 people, in her small area, 260,C0O are in and around the capital : and many thousands, both in Melbourne and the inland cities, are engaged in manufacturing clothing and some hundred articles for the use of the rest of the colonists, something on the principle of simple "domestic economy" which induces thrifty housewives to make their own dresses and wash the household olothes instead of paying outsiders to do so. In faot, I wonld liken Viotoria to a mother with a large young family of her own and a lot of relations in her house, and not having work for Fo many in the fields, she is compelled to start boya and girls manufacturing, not only beots and clothing, but many other useful commodities for herself and neighbours, who hitherto have purchased from far-off markets. A fow of the relations preferring field work, are anxious to go over to her sister's employ. I Yours, &c;, i Februory SI. HEMMBD IN BY A BUSH FIRE.-The Mames dale Courier of the 20th February relate« that a thrilling incident worth relating occurred at Ramrod Point, Lake Viotoria, on the 3rd February. The Messrs. Hiokey, Bro- thers have been working for some time past in the neigh- bourhood of the lakes, stripping bark, whether for them- selves or some Melbourne firm we know not. However, on the day mentioned, while working st the Point loading bark, the younger Mr. Hickey, with two teams of bullocks of nine each, and teamsters, all at once discovered that bushfire* «ere rapidly approaching the Point, leaving them hemmed in from escape by dense tea-tree scrub to the front of them, and the raging fire to the rear of them. The men instantly saw their predicament, and for the moment knew not what to do. At first it was thought that each of the parties should see to his own escape, leaving the bullocks unyoked to find their way out of the difficulty as they best could, as there was no time to spare before the Hamas would be np to them. Seizing an axe, Mr. Hickey started for the tea-tree, end oemmenced wielding it right and left, each blow felling tho scrub like grass before the mower's scythe. The ex- ample was followed by his companion», who went to his i so*t»tance, mowing down the teo-tree like chaff befóte the wind. The fire was gaining upon them rapidly, but away they out and oorred with their, axes with all their might and main until tboy succeeded in clearing a road into Lake Victoria. Bnt »few second* after the party wit*their bsjllocbibs4psss*4 tnrongh ¡tinto tnsloka thatea-tree waa eil OB Sre, oastlng the flam*» btwdteda ófftwtai>ovo 1 ttetrtWtsd*,---. ;--" ; 