DUBBO. February 1.— The weather during the week just past has been unsettled. We have had thunder and wind storms, but only yesterday did anything like showers visit us. Rain enough fell to allay the dust, to cool the parched earth, but there was not enough to stimulate the growth of grass, or, as far as Dubbo was concerned, replenish the now fast exhausting waterholes. In other parts of the district I however hear that last week some welcome and heavy showers fell. A passenger per the Bourke coach, which arrived here on Sunday, says that it fell heavily on the road between Monkey and Warren. It came down with most force in the vicinity of Canonbar. The street there was knee deep in mud when the coach arrived. It is believed that these thunderstorms, which came down inter- mittently for twelve hours, have filled dams and tanks in the Duck Greek and West Bogan country, and thus given fresh courage to the squatters of the locality. To give your readers an idea of the quantity of rain which fell along that portion of the road, stretching from Monkey to near Warren, I may say that the mail coach, which should have arrived at the latter place at 11a.m., did not reach it till 6 p.m.— the heavy state of the roads, consequent on the rain, preventing them from travelling according to the time- table. Between Obley and Dubbo heavy rains also fell yesterday, and the creeks are all running. In many other parts of the north-west the necessity for rain is each day becoming greater. A gentleman on the Marthaguy states that if the wished-for element does not come within six weeks he will have to move his stock. Water is also fast exhausting on the Castlereagh ; and where the bush- fires have been, feed is very scarce. On the Upper Bogan the travelling stock, coming as they are in thousands from the burnt-out rune of other districts, are playing sad havoc with the feed along the frontages. What the Chief Inspector of Stock in one of his reports calls the "loafery stock" are now, for the first time these five years, beginning to assert their presence ; and stock-owners, who want all the feed they have for their own flocks and herds, are not, it may be imagined, inclined to look with favourable eyes on the travellers. If the season should not break, and travelling increases, as it is bound to do, there will be wars and rumours, of wars. The old battles between the drovers and the settlers will be renewed, and such scenes enacted that the Legislature will find it necessary to protect run- holders from the incursions of the "grass-eaters." It is too bad that, those who wilfully overstock should in bad seasons eat out those who never put a hoof on a run more than it is capable of carrying on an average season. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Dubbo Hospital was held on Wednesday evening. The president (Mr. J. H Tayler) occupied the chair, and in opening the proceedings notified that he was not a candidate for the office this if year. The report and balance-sheet, which showed that the hospital was in a flourishing condition, was read and adopted, and then the election of officers took place. Mr. T. Baird of Dundullimal, was appointed pre- sident, Messrs. Taylor and Thompson, vice-presidents, and a good working committee of twelve selected from forty candidates. The mode of voting at hospital meetings, as prescribed in the Act regulating such matters, is very obsolete, and requires alteration. A person places the names of those he intends to support on a slip of paper, to which he signs his name. This list is read by the chair- man and then handed to the scrutineers. This may be vote by ballot, but it is a very old plan, and should be altered, so that the plan of voting, nominating, &c;, may be assimilated to that which obtains at the Mechanics' Institute elections. Under the Hospital Acts, it is not necessary to nominate, beforehand, candidates; and in consequence, at the annual meetings, unless some understanding is arrived at by the persons present, it would be impossible to carry on the business properly. I may mention, as showing the interest taken in this charity, that about sixty or seventy annual subscribers of £1 were present at the annual meeting. The Police Court examinations of the Gilrandra murder case have at length been completed. C. H. Rowe, who was at Gilgandra, gave evidence the other day, corroboratory, in the main, of the testimony previously given. At the prisoner's request, the case was adjourned till Wednesday last. On that day M'Kay called, for the defence, William Jones and Mrs Smith ; but only so far as contradicting portions of the evidence given by Rowe were their asser- tions important. The prisoner was then duly committed by Messrs. Norton and Thompson to take his trial at the Assize Court, to be held in April next. We shall evidently have a full calendar to place before whatever Supreme Court Judge opens the first assize court here. Already there are several committals. Three per- sons are committed on capital charges ; there is also likely to be a long list of civil causes. I hear of one squatting case on the tapis, in which a strong Bar is likely to be engaged. A short time back— some twelve months — a new Public school building was erected and opened at Dubbo. It was thought to be large enough for its purposes for years ; but already it is found to be too small for the number of children attending it, and additions are talked of. The building (which was designed by Messrs. Mansfield, the Council of Education's architects) is very neat. At present the school grounds are being enclosed with a substantial paling fence, and a shed is being erected. There are also Public schools at Warren, Goodrich, and Coonamble. Provisional schools exist at Coolah, Cannonbar, Obley, and Gongolgan. Yet it cannot be said that the educational requirements of the districts are even half met. Hundreds of children still remain uneducated, and will while the State looks upon education as a commodity to be bought by parents. Fancy, between Dubbo and Warren, a distance of eighty miles, not a school— Public or provisional — is present. The population is scat- tered, I admit, but there are localities - such, as Tim- berabongie, where settlement is rapidly taking place— where, if the State, and not the people, took the initiative in planting schools, an educational establishment might be built, with much reason and great benefit to the rising generation. It is not so much in the settled and thickly populated parts the Government should work, as in the sparsely peopled localities, where all the surroundings are calculated to inspire a looseness of morals. A stranger, absent for some years, visiting the north- west now would hardly recognise it. Not only have towns sprung up where only stockyards held the pride of place, but on the stations the improvements and changes made are something surprising. The principal sheep establishments are fenced, the sheep being housed out in paddocks. The "shepherd" will soon be a thing of the past. Three boundary riders do now what fifteen shepherds used to ac- complish in the pre- fencing days. Every place you go you see the ominous "poison" placard— a warning to all mongrels and vagabond tame dogs. The wire fences are not so liable to be destroyed by fire as dog-leg or three-rail, so they are in more request. Stock Items. — 2100 fat sheep (Ronald's) have left Nebea, Castlereagh River, for Sydney. 200 fat cattle (M'Kay's) have left Bogewong, Castlereagh, for Mait- land; 12,000 fat sheep (Hope and Scott's) are near Can- nonbar, coming from Beemery to Sydney; 4000 fat sheep, mixed (MKay's) are en route to Sydney; 12,000 sheep (James Murphy's) are coming to Teridgerie from Garra- willa; 160 fat cattle (Stevenson's) are about leaving Polly Brewan for Sydney; 180 fat cattle (J. Hughes's) are just going from Narramine for Sydney— these are "plums." Drafts of fat cattle have left P. and W. M'Mahon's, and a lot is to leave Rawsthorn's Gungalina station, pur- chased by Mr. G. D. Lane, of Mudgee, for transmission to the metropolitan market. Messrs. W. and T. Richard- son, of Murrawombie, have bought nine pure-bred bulls from Mr. Robert Lowe, Welbetree. 