The Geelong Advertiser regrets to find The Courier " joining 111 the meaningless clamor" against the present land system, " which " has been industriously created by and on " behalf of interested persons." We should heartily share our contemporary's regret, as expressed in the above quotation from its leading article of yesterday, if we could see anything in the land policy, which we have of late years advocated, to feather the nests of the few to the detri ment of the many. Bat oar conviction is that what we contend for completely re verses, this platform, and if adopteid in its en tirety would lieuefitthe multitude, and phmge the monopolising class into everlasting dismay and confusion. Oar contemporary, pinning its faith to Mr Casey's replies to the reporter of the Daily Telegraph, says that the Land Act of 1869 has been a success, and therefore no reason exists for changing the present systentof selection to one of non- alienation and general rentaL With all due respect to both the Advertiser and Mr Casey, we deny this. To begin with, the system of free selection has de nuded large areas of the soil of their che mical properties, by' the facility with, winch a man could work out one holding, and then pack up bag and baggage to secure another, only to repeat the same process; and there is nothing, save the short time the Act 'of 1869 has yet been in operation, to pre vent a similar wrong being inflicted upon the community under cover of its provisions. Next, the alienation of land from the State places it at the abso lute disposal of the holder or owner, and we see the results, in the creation of a huge dummy class, and in the boa- constric tor-like grasp with which the estate-holders are buying oat the lessees of a large num ber of selections, which formerly encircled our principal towns, and converting them into sbeep-walka. Mr Casey's highly laudable energy may deck this rapacity for a time, hut the evil can never be got rid of as .long as capital can have its fling upon the land, ;and small holders can be tempted with "money to sell out their holdings to the monopolist class. How would it be if, instead of allowing the land to be alienated, we let it at a law rental, and ensured perpetuity of tenure under wise and ntfiitarian regula tions ? Why, that no large estate could be created to restrict the agricultural yield of the country, because no purchase or transfer conld then take place for this purpose. On the 'other hand, the richness of - the soil wonld be cherished, because it would only be upon this condition that the holder would be allowed to retain the lease of the land he occupied. Two great ends would thus be achieved. Lying and mo nopoly wonld be annihilated, so far as the land is concerned, and the utmost yield of which the soil is capable would .then be secured. There are some persons who be-, lieve that these ends would he - equally -achieved if the tenure of leasing were ex tended to ten years. Bdt the least reflec tion -will show that this extension would only scotch the snake .for the rime being, not destroy ,lt. When the ten yeans had expired -the - old game 'of baying out would be resumed, and no principle of legis lation, which people would tolerate now-a- days, would prevent tins wrong to- the population . being perpetrated while the State continued to part with the fee-simple, or to abandon proprietorial possession. The policy we contend for. would,... however, completelysecorethisend; and therefore, so far from . our /views tending, to benefit the -few -to the detriment .of the many, the effect of them wonld ; be to completely revqise themeaniiig 6f -tins expression, and to ensure the Utilisation of the whole colony for the benefit ofrthe whole people. No doubt it, isratherlate in the day tp ask fora, complete reversal' of oar land policy, but 'there Is "nothing to prevent he testing- the valoe otthe toform advocated -Upon the _ 12,000 fi9Q Jacobs _ wMch stfiL re- ttan to ns;c and if it --were fonnd sin:-; oessM,. -aa, it. ,coffld. to he,! then the' principle could ,be extended, by, the ; State guafly purchasing /"batk the land which has so far been alienated from it: The ive'coifld piWhile be; facilitated by a progteesive land tax, and by the State adopbng'tbe same principle with smaUhcldfvs, ' whether .In fee pTunder lease, v.'hidithe jegulations under the 99th clause of -the Land Act : ?anthorise in . the case of theresomption of :.land for mining purposes. What has fallen to the iot of the people by thepreaent .lapd system ? Beef and mutton, are dearer to-day't&an; they were tweatyyearaago, though the nnmfaer of fjske/mj'-'Victoria have since increased" from " 5,332,007 to 11,323,080. Meanwhile' onr fat beeves have expanded ip numbers from 481, 640 to 883,763. Wheat in 1863 rifled from 4s 9d to As 8d abushel— inl873 it was selling from 4s 6d to 7 s 3d. ! Potatoes realised from £4 to £6 a tonin 1863, white in 4873 the prires.variedntfei jE2to.£8-:Jteef was retailed at from-4dto 7d alb in. 1863 ; in 1873 from 4d.to8dl- "Morion sold at from <4d to .74 perfbin 1863,and from 4d to 8d in 1873. The same striking sameness characterises nearly all descriptions of p'ro- vtthNH and Hiieirefore npifcmgcoala he more erroneous than to daiui for our present laud system an improving tendency, in the cost of living during the last decade! Whythen, continue a system which shows such miserable results for the people, end against which has to be placed the lying-, demoralisation, and monopoly to which it has given birth ? The system we suggest would in rime marvellously cheapen provisions of all kinds, because it would create a wide and bealtby competition, and because it would result in the most being made' out of the pasturage and general pro ductiveness of the tend. We submit, then, that non- alienation and rental are the only cure for the evils which at tend our present land policy, and that to' oppose these reforms is to fly in the teeth of ail experience, facts, and figures. The charge made by our con temporary, therefore, that we have joined in a " meaningless clamor which has been '- industriously created by and on behalf of " interested persons," will not hold water, or to be more expressive, cannot withstand the test of sound argumeut or discussion. ! Mr Casey told the representative of the Telegraph that from 8000 to 9000 persons are selecting yearly under the present rotteu system. But we are quite sure the Geelong Advertiser does not believe that, out of S00,000 persons, so many adults can desire bond Jide to work the laud as 8000 or 9000, any more thau we give credence to such a transparent absurdity. Mr Casey, no doubt, believes he expresses a substantial fact ; but all experience goes to show that he labors in this particular matter under a delusion, and that he is over confident of his power and resources when giving deliverance to this assertion. Whether, however, he is right or wrong does not disturb the figures we have given above, or subvert the proofs which so abundantly exist around ns, that most of the free selectors are working their land to death, and. then, or concurrent with these endeavors, sellrng out their holdings to the capitalist class. These are the cardinal evils in connection with our present land system, which have to he grappled with and suppressed ; and the only way to do either, and both, is to stop all alienation of the soil, and to create a Government tenantry under wholesome regulations, in lieu -of individual possession in fee under none. In fine, the preseut system feathers the nests of the capitalist and the rogue, and has not even the merit of cheapening the cost of provisions to the people, or of strengthening the revenues of the State to the most inappreciable extent. The meeting held last night in the Alfred Hall, to consider the land question, was, as might have been to some extent expected from its having been adjourned on a previous occasion, and the shortness of the notice given of its resump tion, not a numerical success ; bat so far as spirit was. exhibited on the question, it was perhaps all that conld he desired. Hie chair was taken by the mayor of Bulla rat East The first resolution was proposed by Mr Main seconded by Mr light, and supported by Mr Martin ; and an amendment on this was made by Mr W. Clarke, MT..A., and seconded by Mr Everingham. This was the substantial part of the night's business, and the motion was carried by a large . majority. The other motions were merely formal, and were both carried unanimously. A full report of the meeting appears elsewhere. Councillor Howard has sent us a cheque for £1 Is, in aid of the sufferers by the recent bush- fires. The donor expresses a hope that no time will be lost by well-to-do people in raising a fond for the relief of those families who have suffered so severely by last week's terrible visitation. We need hardly say that we shall be glad to receive subscriptions towards this very landable object. A very absurd hoax was played on the Mel bourne people on Sunday by a paper called the Gossip, winch is published in the metropolis on that day. it purported to give an account of a terrible "eavmg-in"of some of the principal streets and gasworks ofBallarat, owing the mining which had been carried on beneath them. It was also announced that 2000 lives had been lost by the imaginary catastrophe. The writer showed his ignorance of the mining that has taken place in this town, by selecting the gasworks as one of the properties sacrificed by the occurrence. The nar rative, which seems to have caused great excite ment in Melbourne, will be found reported rise- where in our columns. The writer took care to add a- paragraph — stating, in effect, that the account given nan been written after the Battle of Dorking fiction. But he wilfully overlooked the facts that numbers would hear- of the account who wonld Imve no opportunity to read the postscript, and that while no anxiety was caused by what was a fiction on the face of it, a great deal of alarm wonld naturally enough be Inspired by an account which bore the stamp of veracity upon its surface. The report which was circulated on Sunday evening, to the effect that the Bev. B. T. Cummins was dead, .turns oot as we half stated yesterday, to have been entirely without foundation. Hie reve rend gentleman, we are very glad to hear, is alive and well, and returned to the parsonage last night looking better than ever for his seaside trip. The hot weather havsig. passed away, these senseless canards should now cease. There are no less than seven candidates ont for the two vacant seats for the Bnninyong division of the Mining Board, namely Messrs Magor, Jack- ara. Netted, Black, Knox, Thompson, Lamb, and M'Lennan. The stench arising from the Lydiard and Stnrt steeqte drawasyesterdaystronglyoondemnedby the City Conned. The recommendation of the mayor, to cut a trench for the purpose of inter secting the drain, was adopted.. In alluding to the matter, the mayor daid the nrnsaucearthe door of the banks. Councillor M'HowaU said his prophesy that the Hospital box drain would torn out to be a great nuisance, had oome true. -It waB well known, too, that certain other persons along the route bad then obtained privileges which they should never have obtained. At a subsequent period of the meeting it transpired that the drain was not need now by the Hospital, but by others who had paid for connection with it, and it was agreed to give all amonth>Doticeto provide fresh accommodation. Our Banmyong correspondent, no doabt by accident, sent us an old paragraph ias! week, and as the purport of it had escaped our memory, it was duly inserted in our columns. It referred to' Mr Pearee, master of the State school at Bnnin yong, and to tee clerical assistance which was afforded by. that gentleman's pupils at the last election for Grenvflle. Hie snlqeet was then dis posed of b)r Mr Pearee being cautioned not to permit 'snch a proceeding to dCcnr again, and this fact was duly reported in onr columns more than ax monthsago. Our correspondent wfll doubtless destroy the copies of future reports after he has sent the originals to as.- - M tjte.mefetingof the (Sty Council yesterday, the folio wmg report by the lake and gardens com- miltee was addled "TTeTound that "Meagre Gates and.Taylpr, notwithstanding then- promise to remove tbeir eld boat-house as toon as a boat' then buHdjng therein was completed, have not yet. doneso. We therefore recommend that they befor- tetfceff«that,if jiusbhousebe not nm>vjec( wjtbin fourteeudays the necessary action will be i taken to prevent teem from having any frontage to the lake at all. The fast and toose wwyin wtidi rtiese tnra fcwvn thought proper to tital withtee council, after ao math- having been done tending to advance the intereste'of boat- ownew.ut rim lake, Ts sufficient to testify the' conncS Id taking extreme steps Jo bring them to a' prop taitodf their duty." , The funeral of the late fibs Carthoye took place.yestteday aftemoan. Bnd the remuinsof the deceased lady were followed to their last resting place, in the Ballarat Old Cemetery, by a large coacoureejof-mournera.-- The reverend gentleman1 who officiated at the grave passed a high eut-giuui ' npen the virtues of the deceased, and forcibly dweit upon the lesson to the liringwhicli mortuary ceremonies conveyed. Jlhe undertaking arrange- waits .were carried .nut by Mr W. B. King, of. Stmt street. . ' Thomas Bragge, who op Saturday last assaulted Mr Jacob Behro, mining manager of the Sovereign' dahn, was yesterday sentenced by the Eastern bench to two months' imprisonment. Aveiy successful concert.fa aid of the widow of: the late' John Prentice, was given last night in the Mechanics' Institute, the patronage of the Order, of St. Andrew. The musical arrangements were under the conduct of Mr James Uren, and were: well s carried ont. The - following was the pro- gremme Chores, <r © rammer night," company ; song, Mr P. Glennkter; trio, "The W train," Messrs Hardie ; song, 4 The Captive Greek Giri." Miss A. Fare; quartette, " Comin' thro' the rye." j Miss Hardie andMepsrt Hardie ; song, "Scotland,' 1 Mrs J. BEU; song, 1?The" Dying Camilla." Mi.- Hardie; scenic song, "TheNewfoundlani Dug-," -Mr Jas. Uren.; ckqra. "Hall te the Chief," c ;mps uv; ! chorus, "Fair shines the moon to-night," com pany ; song, Mr J. Fallows : song, " The Bonny Hills of Scotland," Miss Jack ; quartet t, " Hail, smiling morn," Miss Hardie and Messrs Hardie ; song, " Hurrah for the Highlands," Mr Hardie ; song, "You Naughty Men," Miss Boyle; duet, " Hunting-tower," Miss Jack and Mr J. Bell ; se lections from Burns, Mr Hugh Gray ; selections of Scotch music (violin) ; song, Mr James Uren ; chorus, " Auid Lang Syne," company. It is ex pected that the net profit will be over £30. Air George Main, who had snch a narrow escape from losing his lite at the swimming matches on Saturday, was so much improved in health yester day that he was able to walk out in the streets for a short time, and to see Mr M'Indoe (the champion swimmer) off to Gsdong by the midday train. He complains of a pain in the chest, but In all other respects he is suffering no physical ailment now from Saturday's occurrence. The annual picnic of the Ballarat Christian Doctrine Society will take place on the 3rd proximo, at the Geelong Botanical Gardens. The society anticipates that this excursion will sur pass any that they have yet held, and have made arrangements to "provide accordingly. It is very probable that they will be joined bya considerable number from Cluues. Full particulars appear in our advertising columns. It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr John Lee, who for e number of years acted as manager of Mr Atkins' funeral establishment in Bridge street, has started business on his own ac count in the premises occupied by the late Mr Wil liam Heard in Main street. Mr Lee's courtesy and promptitude in all business matters entrusted to his charge will no doubt ensure for him a fair amount of success in hi6 new undertaking. The usual fortnightly meeting of committee of the Mechanics' Institute was held on Mouthy evening. Present — Messrs Clsxton (president), A. Marshall, L J. Jones, Stephens, Thompson, Davey, Ferry, Hunter, Hawlings, Stansfield, James, Osborne, and Boulton. Correspondence. — From Mr Charles Dyer, stating he desired to give a concert in aid of the Hospital and Bene volent Asylum, and ' asking the committee to arrange for same. Referred to the secretaries of the two charities. — From Sir George Brimble- combe, resigning his situation. . Left to the presi dent and vice- president to appoint a young man in bis place. — From Mr Ham, asking that the rent of his office, should be reduced. The secretary was directed to reply, expressing the regret of the committee in bring unable to entertain his application. — A sob-committee was ap pointed to arrange for concerts during the Easter holidays. — It was resolved that, to consideration of his valuable services during the late exhibition and art-union, Sir S. Ackman be elected an honorary life member of the institute. — Tenders were opened for painting and alterations to library, & cx, and that of Sir Boulton, at £114, bring the lowest, was accepted. — The meeting then adjourned. A cricket match was played yesterday on the Countess Flat, between tee Melbourne Road C.C. and tee Specimen Hill C.C., which resulted in an - easy victory for tee former by 78 runs. H® scores were as follow: — Slelbonrne Road C.C., 106 runs ; Specimen Hill C.C., 30 runs. The lad Enoch Bartiey, who was injured by a gun accident on Saturday night, was progressing favorably at tbe Hospital when our reporter called there last evening. The City Conncil at its meeting, yesterday, re- cognised tbe pluck of Mr George Woodward, tee kepper of the Corporation Bates ; and Mr Ellis, the rescuer of George Main. To the former a sum of £5 was voted, and to the latter £3, as supplementary to the £2 given by tee Swimming Club : and it "was decided that tee names of bote should be forwarded to tee Royal Hnmane Society. We regret to learn that Mr Hemy Smith, of the Exhibition Mart, is laid up with a severe attack of measles. A correspondent thinks the water should have been left in Lake Wendonree instead of "bring run off some time ago, Bering that it is now 16 inches Iowa- than it was on the 17th instant. There is barely water enough now for tee steamer Union to run. Hie water fell 2 inches between Wednesday and Sunday. A reiy pleaong entertainment was given in. the Mechanics' Institute, Gordon, on Friday evening last by Mr Hemy dfidwiek, in aid of it Mate's Church of England, Gordon. The room was well attended, and tee efforts of Mr Chid wick to enter- tain the company, in his first attempt with his diorama, were eminently successful, and highly appreciated. A proposal by the finance committee of tee City Council, that a subicommittee should wait on the various insurance companies to urge tee "i«» of tbe Fire Brigade, cslled forte a long discussion at tee meeting of the council yesterday. It waa sag- gested that the brigade should receive the full amount of the subsidy for two -months. This evoked from the mayor some strictures as to the way in which the funds were dispensed, and even tually it was derided to adopt the recommendation of tee committee as it stood. A feport will be fonnd in another column. It will' no doubt interest our local readers to learn how tee water in the d»m« stands jnst now. There is 3680 fret of water in Kite's, or 4 feet from its highest point. Pincott's contains 16 feet 1 inch, and is therefore full; while Brslr's only contains 9 feet 2 inches, or 7 feet below high-water mate. It waa derided, at the meeting ct the City Coun cil yes terday, that a moonlight concert fa aid of the City Fire Brigade should be given, at a place and on a day to be fixed. A cricket match waa played on Saturday, the 23rd instant; between an eleven of the Little Wonder CiCi, Biininyong, and an equal number chosen from the Magpie C.C, on tee ground of tee latter, which resulted te on easy victory for . the Little Wonder men. The scores were L.W., first innings 60, second 59; .total, 119; and Magpie, first innings 16, second 33 ; total, 49. Hie Little Wonder thus won in one innings, and 11 runs to spare. For the Little Wonder men, the bowling of House and Bradley, .ami tee long- stopping of Skewes, were particularly notice able. At tee meeting of the City Council yesterday, letter was read from the-Mnnidpal Conference, stating that after all expenses had been paid, £40 10s 3d remained to tee credit of the conference. It was derided to recommend-that tee amount be pre sented to Mr J. M. Barc, the secretary of the- con ference. . A-second letter was also recrived, highy complimen ting the mayor of tee eity for his exer- : tions; and a sub-committee, consisting of Coun cillors Claxton, Doane, and MDowaH, was ap pointed to report as to the best, method of recognising the mayor's services. At a meeting <4 local justices held at the Lear- month Police Court yesterday, Messrs' G7 G. Mor ton and T. Bath were' elected licensing magistrates: for tee Learmonth district for' tee current yesr. Two fine aloes now may be seen hunting into bloom fa the gardens of : Mr Moss and Mr Seileck, at Bnninyong. Each is about 201eet high. A gentleman who has recently been making a tour round thedistricU about Coiac, speaks (says the. Herald) te a very discouraging manner con cerning tee settlement of tee country. He states "nearly all the farmers are leaving, selling lout their exhausted land to tec rich squatters, who are tens acquiring immense -estates.- It would; seem as if our western districts --are bound to be.: come a land of seigniories." - . . ; From Dr Crnikshank'a annual ahstrect of -births and deaths at Sandhurst far tbe.yeara«74. it can be gleaned (aays the Badigo Advertiser) tbat teere were 1346 births during the year, as against 662 deaths. Of these, 29 (over five year of age) died in the hospital from aerideots or rvfoterieA and 19' ffied outsMetbepnblie inrthutimHtoffcr five. Seven children tinder fivgdiedin the hos- pttal from disease, and 129 over five. Outside- -275 died tmdex fire, and Y95 over that age- The Aye learns that tee negotiationsvrith pri-; rate detective for following Multet to Conforms have fallen teioqgh- A sum of '£500 was . asked for the fade of eadeavoriifo aiTert tfcjtetconder. and ibis Knotint lus creffito Aid riot fotitiisposed tee hands of the potiqe detectives. , Land about Gerioeig realises high prises Hie' Geeiaay'driosritisSr-Aays that on - Satnidavi tee! farm -of Mr Au -WtHey,-td Diysdsle, was- sub-1 milted to pahBe compeMtfon by Merers W. F.' Dm&erwnd; Ox It consisted of twentv.acres of very rite land, aha realised £31 10s per acre. Tins was a very . satisfactory price indeed,' notwUh- standing that In the' sorcalied good. old . times Mr: Willey paid jpf £32. l0s aa acre. ; Mr . dames Bent, father of Mr Thoraaa tilent, MIA died at hir residence. East Brighten; on Saturday morning, aged Veventy-qne years.: Daring .a reaidencefo tS district rf ureriy tiriiS years, tee deoeaaed (says tee Asgtis) had imadea reiy largerircle offritedAwhoaasemhied onStm- : day at the fnnerel to pay their hat tokenof respect! to his memory. For wane years prim- to hU arrival' in Vkdhria,- -Mr Bent Used in 7Sydnes-t-«nd one of : the oldest streets in that city is named after him.' ; Th# following tefegrem-fram tee Nortemi Tecritoiy appears in yesterday's Argus :-hThree deaths have occurred this vredc. A constalile has : been fined at tee police! court for catting off s C'liiuaman's tall. lt is expected thattitehahk will send 3000 ox Of gold. by the Gothenboig. .Mr Reyihdds and several -oteere intend returning to Adelaide on "ta virit. - Mr Knipht. h»»ih. it»m» was amJAriagessp country An mmonng instanoe of how a coartnbfe wis witwiited, comes to ithe Gtckng Advertiser bom Ropb. Tasmania. A prisoner named Kflbabi succeeded m escapiitg froroihe wch-hoaee, bat jr&s; observed by 'the snperintendent, Who started 01) foot After hub, While & sub- inapector mounted the superintendent s horse and joined in the cli8$c. Noticing that one of iiiem was mounted, the pri soner crossed a fence and got into a wattle scrub, into which the rider could not penetrate. Sub- inspector d? agan thereupon dismounted, tied up his horse, and the two officers went into the scrub. Kilpatriek then doubled back, untied the horse, jumped on his back, waved an adieu, galloped away, and got clear. About as mcin a piece of blackguardism as could well be imagined was performed (says the Telegraph) on Friday night last, in Elizabeth street, by a fellow calling himself James Smith, but who is known to the fwlice by tbe alias Sand- bey. There is a little fellow, Henty Allison by name, wbo, being fearfully crippled, has no otbw means of gaining a livelihood than by sellrng wax matches in the street. About midnight on Friday he was standing under a gas-lamp in Elizabeth street, counting 'over his day's earnings, when Suiith came up and asked if he could give him two sixpences for a shilling. Tes. sir," answered the little fellow, immediately handing him over the two sixpences. Smith took the money, and without giving the poor little fellow anything ran away. He happened, though, to reckon without his host: for Detective Wilson, who was standing near, gave chase and arrested him. He was taken to to the watch-house, and eliarged with the offence next morning before tbe city bench, fie pleaded that he bad only acted in the way he did as a joke ; | but Mr Sturt thought otherwise, and sent him to ; gaol for twenty-four hours. The Pasiora Times learns that Sir Renty, one ; of the proprietors of the Round Hill station, sent a cheque of £500 to Mr Wiggins, the land shark, to prevent him from running up the land that was sold Veoendy at Sound HilL Our contemporary learns also that Mr Wiggins had no intention of opposing Mr Henty ; so that tbe £500 was an ab solute Tts VresicicJs Advertiser contradicts the report of the destruction of Mr Fr.izer's saw-mill by fire on Thursday last. The rumor was widespread, and consequently our contemporary gave it : but the Advertiser has since learnt that, ahhough the roof of the dwellinghouse was on fire several times, and also the bark inside the machinery-shed, still, by the assistance of a host of willing helpers, whose energies were well and systematically directed, the principal and valuable portion of the property was eared. Tbe Argus states that the five days from Mon day, the ISth instant, is the period of greatest heat that has yet been recorded in Melbourne. The convict Weechurcli, after recently com pleting a sentence of ten days solitary confine ment, received (says the Age) a lenient one of two days for insubordinate conduct ; and on Mr Call, visiting justice, going to Pentride last week, Weechurch was again brought before him for using insolent and abusive language to some of the officials, and was again sentenced to fourteen days' solitary confinement. The unfonuuate warder Coghlan, who was recently assaulted by this pri soner, is still unable to resume duty. The prisoner Howe, who had the bolt of his cell- door cut nearly through, with the intention of endeavoring to make his escape from Pentridge, was sentenced to three months hard labor for the offen<«. and seven days' solitary confinement for insolence. Captain Moon- lite, alias Scott, the notorious Ballarat gaol breaker, who is also a source of great trouble to the authorises, was remanded for a week on a charge of bringing false charges against Mr Over seer Balis. 3lr Ireland, Q.C. (the Age understands), has been retained by the Government to conduct the prosecution of O'Ferrali, the defaulting clerk of the Lands Office. About half-pas t seven o'clock on Saturday even ing, a woman named Sagar, wife of a fisherman of Geelong, walked into the bay with an infant child in her arms, with an evident intention of commit ting suicide. .Fortunately (says the Telegraph') she was seen by a man named Curnow, a black smith living on Corio terrace ; and this person mshed iato the water, and rescued both herself and the child. On being dragged out of the water, tlxe woman was found to be laboring under the in fluence of drink, and on being taken to the watch- house it was found to be necessary to put her into a strait waistcoat Peaches and grapes are sold at Deniliquin for Is per lb. 