NOTES OF THE WEEK. I Ox Saturday, ,10th October, the children attend- ing the various Presbyterian Sabbath-schools of Sydney and suburbs met, under the auspices of the General Assembly, in St. Stephen's, Church. The members of the Linnean Society gave, on 30th October, a picnic at Pearl Bay, in* honour of the return to Sydney of Mr. >T*illium'Macleay. The teachers of 'Fort street Model-school have presented n testimonial and an addicss to Mr. F. Bridges, the head master. The country journals state that there is a great demand for artisans in the country. A singular malformation has appeared in Grafton in the form of a chicken with four legs, four wings, two beaks, three eyes, and two tail1«. Mr. E. Murphy, a selector, 1ms been drowned in a waterhole, near Balranald. Mrs. Dellow, nu old resident in Grafton, has been burned to denth tlnotigh her clothes catching fire. A violent hailstorm at West Maitland, on Monday, caused much damage to vineyards and crops. Tin is stated to lia ve been discovetcd within thirty miles of Bathurst. On Monday afternoon, the dead body of a woman was found on the beach at Bondi. A young man named William Graham lost his life at Broughton Creek, on the 27th October, by falling from his horse. The Anglican Church at Bourke was opened for divino service on the 19th September by the Bishop of Bathurst. A successful recovery from snake-bite is recorded to haye taken place at Moruya by administering brandy and ammonia internally, mid by tying a ligature. At the. fire which occurred in Oxford-street on Tuesday, Joseph Carr, a bricklayer, lost his life by foiling from tho parapet whilst endeavouring to ex- tinguish the flames. Extensive bush-fires hove been devastating the North Shore for some days, and hnvo also provailcd at Fairfield and Forest Lodge. Mr. H. P. Stevenson was, on Tuesday night, severely burnt at his house in Sussex-streot, by the explosion of a kerosene lamp. A lecture on " Modern Objections to Christianity," was on Tuesday night delivered by the Rev. W". Curnow, at the Masonic Hall ; Professor Smith in the chair. A meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association was held at Tattersall'8 Hotel, on Mon- day evening. A valedictory banquet was, on Wednesday evening, j given to Messrs. John and James Marks, at Jamberoo. The annual picnic of the members of No. 1 Prince Alfred Volunteer Fire Company took place at Botany ' on Wednesday. j A man named Jomes Clark died at Yass through excessive drinking. Tlic anniversary tea-meeting of tho Nowtown Baptist Sunday-school was held on Tuesday evening. A man named Montt was on the 'i8th October drowned in the Murray River. A complimentary dinner was on Wednesday even- ing given to Alderman Pye at Parramatta. On Wednesday night fires broke out in Bligh-street, Lower Fort-street, and in Balmain, but were soon «Ktinguished. I The Horticultural Society of New South Wales held its monthly meeting on Wednesday night in the Oddfellows' Hall. ' Tile monthly meeting of the Council of the Agri- cultural Society took place on Wednesday night. A hailstorm of unusual violence swept over the Hunter district on the 31st October, doing much damage. At the meeting of the Royal Society on tho 3rd in- stant, Mr. Russell, the Government Astronomer, read an interesting paper on the scientific results of hi» trip to Europe. The foundation stone of St. Michael's Church, at Vauoluse, was laid on tho 29th October by tho Bishop of Sydney. Mr. James Milson, of St. Leonards, has presented to the parish the sum of £600 towards the liquidation .f the debt on Christ Church. George Brabham has died at Towrang through injuries lately received from gunshot. Tlie annual picnic in connection with the Petersham Congregational Sunday- school took place, on the 3rd instant, at Fairfield. The employés of Messrs. Wright, Davenport, and j Co. gaye a picnic on Thursday to the members of tho firm. On the 2nd instant, a man named Ralph was killed on the Orange Road through being crushed by the wheel of his dray. An influential deputation on Wednesday waited upon the Minister for Works respecting the removal of silt and sewage from Darling Harbour. A deputation has waited upon the Colonial Secre- tary to ask for a "grunt of money from the revenue in aid of St. Vincent's Hospital. The Presbyterian General Assembly closed its sittings on the 4th instant. Mr. Alexander Brodie has succeeded in taking ; splendid photographic views of Blue Mountain ¡ scenery. ¡ Sand flies are proving a great pest to cattle and , horses in some parts of the Riverine district. I The jurors at the Intercolonial Exhibition have awarded a first-class certificate for the best collection of dried and mounted New Zealand ferns to Mrs. Harling and Mr. H. H. Field of Clarence-street. A correspondent in the Herald suggests the boring of artesian wells for Sydney. A dinner was on, Friday evening, given to Mr. H. C. RusseU, Government Astronomer, by the gentle- men who yvere engaged in observing the recent transit of Venus, as a welcome to him on his return from Europe. I Wynyard-square, which for year« has presented an ( unsightly aspect, has been planted with ornamental | shrubs. _^^^^ | 