DEATH OF MR. JOHN MORRICE.--Our obituary to- day contains a notice of the death of Mr. John Morrice of Glenrock, which took place at 10.30 a.m. on Saturday last in his sixty-fourth year. This gen- tleman was of a most respectable family, and was born in Jamaica, West Indies. He arrived in this colony upwards of thirty years ago, and on his voy- age out met the Rev. Dr. Lang at the Cape of Good Hope, who was then on his way to Europe. From him he purchased the estate of Eling Forest near Berrima, where he settled and resided for many years. He also secured several stations on the Mur- ray, which of late years have been managed by his sons. Being a sensible clear- headed man, he grad- ually accumulated considerable wealth. He purchased the estate of Browley at Sutton Forest, the property of Mr. Waite, and resided there some years, subse- quently buying Eccleston Park, Glenrock (formerly the late Mr. Barber's), and Bombalaway (formerly Mr. R. P. Jenkins's), these properties forming magnificent estates of great value. He then re- moved to Glenrock and resided in the fine mansion there built by the late Mr. Barber, which forms so conspicuous an object from the railway line a little below Morowollen. Many years ago he was ap- pointed to the commission of the peace, and proved himself an upright and intelligent magistrate; and some years afterwards while living at Browley he was returned to the Legislative Assembly as one of the members for Camden. This compliment was afterwards twice repeated; but at at the election which took place about three years ago he declined again becoming a candidate. As a member of the house he was seldom a speaker; but his good sense and honesty secured him general respect. His votes were always in accordance with liberal principles, and he was generally found giving a consistent sup- port to the party of the present premier. He was very popular among his constituents, especially in the Berrima portion of the district where he was best known. Mr. Morrice took great interest in educational matters, and was a member of the local boards of more than one public school, and several of the school buildings owed their erection chiefly to his exertions and liberality. He was a very chari- table and liberal man, and thus his memory is endeared to many whose necessities he helped to relieve and whose public movements he assisted to bring to a suaccessful issue. Since he came to Glen- rock he became well known to railway excursionists from Goulburn, his grounds and his hospitality being frequently availed of on holiday occasions. He had been ailing for some time at intervals, and recently he over-exerted himself greatly to stop a bush-fire at Glenrock. He subsequently got a severe cold, and continued to got worse. He was attended by Dr. Morton, who found that he was suffering from heart-disease. All that medical skill could do however proved unavailing, and he expired as above stated on Saturday morning last. He leaves a wife several married, two of his sons being magistrates, while a third has taken high honors at the Sydney Universily. The funeral took place on Monday, the body being conveyed by rail to Sutton Forest and interred there in the Church of England cemetery. FATAL ACCIDENT.--On Friday evening an unmar- ried man named William McDonald, a native of Canada West and twenty-eight years of age, was working in a drive about three hundred feet in length running from the fifty-foot level at the Peel- wood copper-mine. A blast had been discharged in the mine which had loosened some of the timbers and deceased ran with a piece of timber for the purpose of supporting them, when large lumps of the ore fell upon him and completely crushed him. Some other men who were working in the drive came to his assistance and extricated him. They got him to the bottom of the shaft, and thence he was raised to the top in a cask and carried to his hut, about three quarters of a mile distant. The next day he was brought to Goulburn in a waggonette and taken to the hospital, where he was attended to by Drs. David- son and Hayley. His injuries were found to consist of a compound fracture of the right thigh near the hip-joint; fracture of both bones of the left leg just above the ankle; several ribs broken; and injury to the spine. The sufferer was from the first seen to be in a hopeless state, and he died on Mtonday evening. An inquest was held by the coroner, Mr. Betts, yes- terday afternoon, when the above particulars were elicited, and a verdict of died from injuries acci- dentally received was returned. GovauncN VoLUNTEens.-On Monday evening at parade Captain Dignam presented prizes to the mem bers of the .Goulburn company wbo had proved winners in rifle matches in Sydney and Goolburn. The following is the list of winners and prizes: Private Jessep, first prize in competitions in Nosem her last, silver cup presented by Captain Dignam; Private Robertson, second prize in same compeli tions, a match criciket-bat presented by Mr. ,W. R. Riley i Lieutenant Blaclkshaw, third prize, portion of ontrence-monoy, £2 16s.; Private O'Brion, fourth prize, portion of entrance-money, £1 178. 4d. Asso eiation matches:--Prisvate Sherring, let mathob, let prize, £20; 4th match, 4th prize, £3; 7th match, range prize, £3; Lieutenant Blaclehawm 2nd prize, tst match, £15; Private O'Brien, tst match, prize of £2. Speeial prize, a plated goblet, presented by Captain \Veigall to Private Holt, as highest scorer in match with Sydney Grammar School OCadets last December. Lieutenant Blackbshaw, breech-loading rifle, presented by Mr. Raosei. We understand that a number of prizes, in value from £10 downwards, and equalon the whole to between £30 and £400, have boon promised by various townsmen to be shot for under conditions to be ehortly arranged by the com miltoo. ORcICKET-GOevLURN AND ALERTi' OLrns--On Saturday last a match took place in the Victoria recreation-ground between the Albert Club and the second eleven of the Goulburn Olub, which was won by the latter in one innings with 23 runs to spare. The following is the scor:- GOULIIBURN CLUBL TK . naneblaxlad, c.. Orb. l -re ........, d J. Caortere. F. Topam, b. Clarle ......... 1 IL Ganunon, ran out............... 8 : P. T. Ililey, . Kenanos, b. Whit ......... 2 G. Coolly, run out ......... ....... .. ... 1 C. Bdd e. . Topham, b. Lee....... ...... o Donaldo, hIt wcisket ................... O .nwlsmaOn, .lnarke avsehe ..... .20r. C.ie sy, e. ob. Tophmsbe'Olarke o...... f 0 " V.33.IRley,notlut . ..- - : E.BR. Temvsaa, b. Cinrke-.... ...,.....;:"'" Byes, l; lsg-by,l; widen, 1 .,.,.m 10 2'0= ', TelnI...,75 ALBERT CLUB:- ... ' FinrT eavesOS. " e"con" "nli PthS~~~11~08 e Be0ND 1NNInSS. P. Kosase, b. Olialand...-...... 0 b. Blaxland ..,........ 0 '. Topeham, . and b. Blanlend... 2 c. Tompson, b..Blax lend.,,....... 8 F. Kenane, b. Dlanlsnd-..........6 cP. T.ioy, b lao land.............. 0 J. Lee, rand b. Tompsen .......7 b. DlBlan . 0 A. Clarko, b. Dlxoland ....-..... e 'O.P:'T. Riley, b.insx 3\. Unrrisoe, e. Wleeman, b. .' laud .......... 0 Blasland - ....... . 0 b.illey ................. 2 T. O'DonBell, e. Rtudd, b. Tomp son ..........- - -1... I0 b. Blaxland-............... F.Whilto, b. Tompsone........... 0 b. laxlnd ........... 3 Z. Berry, b. Blauland......e 0 b.Blaxland ...... A. Weathrby, ao. annes, b. Rlt ...d ..........- - not out 0 OF. Topham, set eut . . 7 b. Riley .............. yesl.....y . Dy, 1 leg-by, 0... Flstinnlns.. 3. 00 .- otalt........ Ccnavwa~o.--Oa Sunday,. the 7th instant, St. 21aLthi~' Ohugch, Ouriawang, was used for the firest Lime for Divine service. The formal opening willnot take place till Eanter. Though the evening was wet, there was a large congregation, who listened atton tively to a sermon preached by the incumbent. MIr. lartyn, lay reader, also took part in the sorvice. The collection was for the building fund. cGu.locio. --At the conclusion of the morning snr vice at St. Edmund'e, Gunning, on the 7th instant, Mr. Isartyn, in the absence of the incumbhent, usked the congregation to remain for a few moments while he read an address to Mr. Richard Jones, church. warden, who is leaving the district. After the address, Mr. IMartyn presented Mr. Jones and his sister, Miss S. Jones, each with a bible as a gift of the congregation in remembrance of their valued services in the choir of the Sunday-school and the church. Mr. Jones, though much affected, made a suitable and feeling reply. TA?oo.--On Thursday, the list inst., a harvest thanksgiving was held at St. John's Church, Tarago, The building was tastefully decorated with sheaves of wheat, outs, barley, maize, &c.;, and the different fruits in seoason. The sermon was preached by the Archdeacon of Goulburn, while the incumbent read prayers, and Mtr. Martyn, lay reader, read the special psalm and lessons. The churhob was well filled, and the service warm and hearty. The holy table was specially bright and beautiful, the rich velvet cover ings contrasting with the golden wheat-ears and a handsome basket of fruit tastefully arranged by a lady of the congregation, crowning thbo whole. Alfter service, a tea-mooting and cricket- match were held. About two hundred persons were present, and the rain, which fell rather heavily, did not prevent them from thoroughly enjoying a very pleasant day. C?OLETOR.-On 5Wednesday last a tea-meeting and sale of work was held at Collector on behalf of the Currawong church. A beautiful day enticed a good number of visitors, and a great many articles were disposed of, though a large number remain yet unsold. Tea was provided by the following ladies: -M-osdames Boyd, Kimberley, Murray, Sheridan, Poidevin, and J. Sheridan, in a booth orected on the ohuroh ground; and the bright appearance of the tables with the stall gave the visitors ample reward for their attendance. About £25 was realised for the and in view. Two WEATHEnBY ENTERTAINctENTc .-Laot even ing the members of the Goulburn Dramatic Club, nesislted by a number of our local vocalists, gave an entertainmont in the hall of the mechanics' institute, for the benefit of a young man named James Weatherby, who has booeen for some months unable to follow his occupation-that of a shoeomaker-and who had ultimately to ooundergo the amputation of a diseased leg. The circumstances of his position being known and considered among his fellow workmen as deserving of public sympathy, Messrs. J. King, J. G. Holloway, and T. Conner took up the matter, and with some perseverance brought to gother the above combined talent. The programme, althoogh not heavy, was sufficiently attractive for so benevolent a purpose; and the house opened with a very large audience. An entirely new drama in two oets entitled Self-accusation or a Brother's Love, formed the first portion of the programme, and the seond part consisted of songs and recitations. The drama itself maintained deep interest throughout, the various performers being well up in their allotted parts, which however may be partly accounted for through the performance having been postponed from last night week, owing to the inoclemency of the weather, thus allowing the performers further time to work up the piece. Ten or a dozen oharao tors were presented, the principal caste (Stephen Darvcll) being left to the care of Mr. W. J. Me Govern, who may be said to be gaining an amount of confidence in himself which promises ultimately to place him in the position of an acomplisehed actor should this be his aim. Mr. J. J. Kennedy as Edward Howard left no fault to be found, his well-finished and appropriate costume lending inaterially to the effeot of hie part. Mir. 8. Maogowan holds a good reputation for his impersonations of an Irishmao. Last evening, however, he reversed the accent of his tongue excellently in the character of Joe Raby, a Yorkthireman. Luke Brandon was in good hands with D. Kennedy, who seldom needs the services of the prompter. MIr. A. Sproule had a rather heavy but good part in Stewart Daweon; and Mr. Z. Berry appeared as Justice Kindly. Two female and other characters filled- up the piece, which closed with appreciative applause. A number of songs and recitations were then gone through very successfully, among which the following claim especial mention : The serio- comic song, the Blighted Husband, by Mr. eizbstittie~d On the Pardi, wi;ifr~-;~~~ oeTIS~fi~fel1 t$~ recitation by Mr. Foxall, Woman's Rights; Molly Asthore, well sung by Miss E. Finneran, and warmly encored; Mr. A. W. Thomson's roecitation, thbo Spanish Champion ; the solo I'll Meet Thee in the Lane, by Sir. A. Monro, rapturously encored, and replaced with Good-by, Sweetheart, Good-by; the recitation Bingon on the Rhine, well rendered by Mr. J. Gillespie. Meeting with an encore, he re cited the Gambler's Wife. Mirs. Leepor's Treasures of the Deep was well received. Messre. T. King and G. Theobald's cornet duet was most effootually reodered and loudly applauded, but not responded to. MIaster H. J. Temple's recitation, Vulture of the Alps, was given with such good effect that called forth loud and long applause, and the very small child re-appeared with the selectiod Little Jim. The British Lion, rendered by Mr. WV. Mi. Russell with much taste, having mot with an encore, that gentle man then sung Will-o'-the-Wisp. The duet All's Well, by Messrs. Monro and J. G. Holloway, did not lose the position it will ever maintain when well handled. It was warmly applauded. Mr. J. J. Kennedy recited Shamus O'Briei with an unusual amounot of foeeling and good taste, and the eeleetion met with more enthusinsm than any. In response to a most hearty encore, Mir. Kennedy gave the short, comic piece-There was a Frog, So. MIr. J. G. Holloway's descriptive song, Wrecked and Saved, met with a unanimous encore, when that gentleman came forward and made a few remarks. He said be wished to return thanks on behalf elof Mr. Weatherby to those present for their kind patronage As one of the committee, he wished to tender their warmest thanka to the members of the Dramatic Club for their services on the occa sledii, and also to the ladies and gentlemen who had coome forward with songs and recitations. Their best thanks were due to Miss Stombuco for her kindness in presiding at the piano; and in conclusion ho bogged to thank Captain Dignam for allowing the band to attend, and to the members of the band for their excellent music. Thanking them again, he withdrew, whoen the band played the National An them, which brought the whole to a close. Miss Stombuoo presided at the pianoforte, and the volunteer brass band performed several times during the evening. Otuuno OF ENoLAD.,.-To-morrow evoeniog a public tea-meeooting will be hold in the new school. room in aid of the fund for erecting that building, which is now just finished. After tea, the annual meeting of the ChOuroh Society will be held. The now organ will be played for the first time in Goul burn upon this occasion. SALe Or LESE OCe Onow. LAND.-Tho 1e880s for the year 1875 of a section of crown land in the parish of Mummoll was submitted to auction at the court house, Goulburn, on Monday, and knockeod down to Mr. James Thompson of Mummell at the upset price of £1. MSIvrcir L ELECnroN.--Mr. Georgo Gray, one of the two candidates nominated for the representation of the.north ward consequent upon the death of Alderman White, has announced his intention of retiring from the contest, and the other candidate, ltr. George Martyr, wilt therefore be returned un opposed.. UncOcnIED LETTCLRS lying at the Gunning post oflice:-W. Clear, William Caldwoll, James Clegg, M. Delaney, C. Evans, Mr. Gay, Thomas Grant, W. Langdon, Henory Laehoy, W. Stowoll. NAnuaow EscAPE t'oe Funn.--On Monday oven ing, between sie and oseven o'clock, flames wore eoon to issue from the roof of a doetaced kitchen at the roar of Mr. Buazly's cottage situated at the west end of Olillfford-stroeet, which is tenanted by a MIr. John O'Brien, blacksmith, It appears that on S1r. O'Brien's return from workr, he lit a fire for the pur pose of getting his tea, and afterwards went to the front for a bshort time, when a sugar-bag that he had in front of his fire-place caught, and in a few minutes the whole ceiling, which was formed out of eugar-bags, was completely consumed. With the assistanco of the neighbours the fire was soon put out, and further damage prevented. IneoPTANT SaLc AT IsvcteaLtOuet.-WO aroe re quested to draw attention to the important sale to be held to-morrow at Invoralochy by Miossrs. F. S. Coheon and Co. of the stock and effoots of Mr. Cut more. The stock consists of the very fine draught stallions Donnington (imported), Duke, and Suffolk; aod a number of heavy draught maroe, colts, and illies. There is also an abundant supply of firot class agricultural implements, as well as household furniture and other efftools. One of Mr. Rogere's 'buses will leave Goulburn in the morning, convoy lug intending purchaeiro to the auloe,--Auv', 