AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Thb usual monthly meeting of the Council of the above society was held at the Booms, 227, George-street, en Wed nesday ; the Hob. G. H. Cox in the chair. The following members were present:— Messrs. E. H. Woodhouse, £. B. Woodhouse, Gordon, M. Lowe, O. 8. Too, J. Devlin, W. Wallie, A. Crnickshank, J. Alger, P. N. Trebeck, J. Smith, J. Alldiitt, J. J. Calvert, E. Greville, A. H. M'Culloch, G. Cakes, C. Moore, F. White, G. F. Stephen, E. L. Montefiore, A. Brace, w. H. Suttor, jun., and F. Suttor. The minutaB of former meetings were read and con firmed. The Secbetart read the following reports :— Committee Report.— Finance halanoe, January 1, 1876, £1 14b. lid. Amounts received during the month, viz., subscriptions, £236 3s. ; stud-book entries, £i 7a. 6d. ; stud-book (sale), 10s. 6d. ; herd-book, ditto, £1 10s. 6d.; entrance fee, 'wool,' £1: fixed deposits removing to current account, £511 11s. 9d. : total, £766 18s. 2d. The following amounts paid :— Bent ef offices, £25 ; rent of Exhibition Bnilding to July 1, 1875 -in advanoe, £500 ; salaries, £27 ; Journal, £8 6s. 8d : petty cash and stamps, £10 : total, £570 6s. 8d. Balance, £196 11s. 6d. General Business. Bepaire to Exhibition Building. — With a view to prepare for the forthcoming exhibition, this oommittee have applied to the Sydney Corporation, calling their attention to certain repairs urgently required at the Exhibition Building; and, in «rder to facilitate matters, it has been deemed expedient to pay into the hiinds of the City Treasurer the sum of £600, being the rent of said building to 1st July next To meet this claim, the sum placed as a fixed deposit in the City Bank has been removed to current account. In fronting this removal, the Board of Directors of the City Bank have liberally granted the society full interest to date. Freight of Exhibits from Fiji. — In reply to an applica tion made to the A. 8. N. Co. with reference to freight on exhibits from Fiji, the Board of Directors have replied that freight will be levied on all exhibits forwarded by the company's steamers, but that exhibits sent baok accom panied by a certificate from the secretary that they are still the property of the exhibitor, will be conveyed free. Stewards. — The following gentlemen have been invited to act as stewards at the ensuing exhibition: — In the section Horses— Messrs. Bowes, M'Donald. Cattle— Hon. G. H. Cox, H. Lowe, J. Alldritt. Sheep— A. H. M'Caltoob., jun. Pigs— ? Poultry— C. Mylea, C. Thome. Dogs— D. Holboraw, A. Bray. Wool -P. N. Trebeok, L. Heigh, C. H. Humphrey. Wine— O. Bioh. 8ugar— M. Hall. Farm Produce — H. L. Nelson, J. S. Calvert Horticulture— W.H. Catlett, J. K. Chisholm. Manures— ? . Implements— G. Morel, J. N. Oxley. Silk— Dr. G. Bennett Food— H. P. Palser, J. Living. Fine Arts and Frenoh Court— S. L. Montefiore, E. Dufaur. All other sections in Non-agrioultural Department— Cap- tain Mann, Professor Liversidge, J. Thompson, W. Wallis. Ladies' Tickets.— It is suggested that tiokete for the ad mission of ladies at the exhibition he issued, and charged at the rate of 10s. 6d. sach. Alteration of date of General Annual Meeting.-Jt has also, been suggested that the rale having reference to the holding of the general annual meeting, and the close of financial year, be altered, and that the finanoial year in future be ended on 31st of December, and the general annual meeting held not later than 16th of January fol lowing, instead of 15th November as it now stands in the rales of the.soeiety. Advertising.— The schedule of prizes has been placed at *U Bailway stations throughout the colony and in abridged form advertised in the principal journals of this and the neighbouring colonies. Certificates of Entry.— The certificates of entry are printed and ready for distribution ; applications are daily made for them. Catalogues. — The compilation of the catalogue andaward papers has been placed in the hands of Mr. Major Lowe, on the same conditions as last year. Second volume of the Herd Book of W. S. W.— Mr. Major Lowe has. submitted to this oommittee an offer to undertake the compilation and ..editorship of the second volume of the herd book as under : for .the first 1000 entries £60, as before ; for every 260 entries,£l2 10s. up to 2000, if above that no further charge will be made. Fainonm Spectabile.— A small packet of seed of a new opecies of grass, ?'Painoum speotebile,' lately introduced in South Australia, has been sent to the secretary, to be dj^ribnted to members wishing to introduce it on their land. A description of this grass will be found in the columns of the society's journal. -,?'?- Wool Shed.-— This oommittee have gone minutely into the cost of the erection of a separate building for the exbibi tren'of wool. It would be impossible to have a suitable building for the purpose under £200. They recommend, therefore, that provision be made without the main build ing for the reception of wool, thus saving this laige item of expenditure, and ensuring the wool exhibits from the risk of bring injured by the dust, wet, or otherwise. Veterinary Surgeon. — It is reoomended that Mr. Pottie be requested to act as hon. veterinary surgeon at the ensuing exhibition. . , : Tenders. — The following tenders have been accepted by this committee pending the approval of the Counoil :— 1st. Ercotion of sheds, baildingB, as pisr ooutraot, Mr. George Stewart, £430 ; 2nd. Catering of refreshments, Mr. J. L. Castner. £176; 3rd. Fodder, Mr. Phillipe, £21 ; 4th. Catalogues, Gibbs, Shallard, and Co., £30. Musical Entertainments. — This committee also recom mend that Mr. J. Bennett have charge of the musical entertainments on the same conditions as on previous occasions. Mr. Ainsworth's Claim. — This committee reoommend that the claim of Messrs. Ainsworth and Co. be discharged in accordance with the stewards' decision. Tents for Stewards and Judges in Horse and Cattle Binge.— That portable tents be provided in thehsrse and cattle rings for the accommodation of stewards and judges. After some discussion the report was adopted. Mr. Tkebeck gave notice that, at the next meeting of the Council, he would movn,— ' That in rule 8 taewordB ' fifteenth day of January ' be substituted for ' fifteenth day of November ' ; and that in rale 10, in the seoond line, after the word * arrear,' the words * for the previous year ' be inserted.' Mr. John Smith, of Llanarth, Bathurst, then read the following paper on Sheep-bubedikg. 'The subject of cheep-breeding, though already fully dieouesed, can never be considered exhausted whilst wool continues to be the lifeblood of the colony. Annual die cuFBiuns cannot but effeot some good. 'In presuming to come before the society with such crude ideas as my experience has suggested, I cannot but feel sensible ef the disadvantageous position I take up, following tbe able etsays of the Hon. &.-H. Cox, thin »hom no colonist is better entitled to speak authorita tively on matters connected with sheep-breeding:. But, to nee a figure of the late Sir Robert Peel, it is by the fric tion of ideas that light is emitted. If sheep farmers can be induced to give the colony the benefit of their experi ence, the young men new going into the- bush may avoid some mistakes in laying the basement of their fortunes. r ' I propose to compare notes with some English writers as to tbe origin of the best nooks, and the tffepts of climate, pasturage, and eoil on tbe wool; to record my own ex perience in this country ; and then briefly to examine oar Iatd laws as to the effects operating on tne produotion of this staple article of the colony. ' I assume that the objeot of the sheep-farmer is the each returns from his flock, and not exclusively the price per lb. of his wool. I start, then, with the maxim of Lord Somerville, that 'The breed of sheep which, on any given quantity of land, will carry for a continuance the most wool as well as flesh, and both of the highest quality, is the breed to be preferred.' 'How this result is to be secured in the different climate*, and en the different pastures of our extensive . sheep-walk, is the present subject of inquiry. Whether or not the progenitors of the merino were introduced into Spain from Northern Africa, I shall not now stop to in- I quire ; but whether the colour was white or black is a matter of more interest, as showing to what extent judi cious selection may be carried. ' It is said by a modem writer, on this valuable animal, that tbe sheep is a child of cultivation. It may be bred and managed so as to become almost aU that the agricul-. turiet and manufacturer could wish it to be ; and if habitually neglected and abused, every good quality will gradually disappear. ' The 8pBniBh merino, from which our Hooks desoend, is thus described by Mr. 'Souatt:— « The legs are long, yet small in the bone ; the breast and the baok are narrow, and the sides are somewhat flat ; the fore shoulders are heavy, and too mueh of their weight is carried on the ooarser parts. The horns of the male are comparatively large, curved, and with more or less of a spiral form ; the head is large, but the forehead rather low. A few of the females are horned, but generally speaking they are without horns. Both male and female have a peculiar coarse and unsightly growth of hair on -the forehead and cheeks; the other' Dart of the face has a pleasing and characteristic velvet appearance. Under the throat there is a singular looseness of skin, which gives them a remarkable appearance of throatineBs or hollowness in the neck. The pile, when pressed upon, is hard and unyielding; it is so from the thickness with which it grows on the pelt, and the abund ance of the yolk, detainisg all the dirt and gravel which fall on it; but when examined, the fibre exceeds in fine ness, and in the number of serrations and curves, that which any other sheep in the world produces. The average weight of the fleece in Spain is eight pounds from the ram and five from the ewe. The staple differs in length in different provinces. When fat, these sheep will weigh fiom twelve to sixteen pounds per quarter, Tb« excellency of the merinoes consists in the unexampled fineness and felting property of their wool, and in the weight of it yielded by each individual sheep; the closeness of that wool, and the loxurianoe of the yolk, which enable them to support extremes of cold and wet quite as well as any other breed; the easiness with which they adapt themsolves to every change of climate, and thrive and retain, with common care, all their fineness of wool under a burning tropical sun, and in the frozen regions of the North.' 11 And Lord Somerville observes :— ? The seoond property to be noted in this sheep is a tendency to throatiness, a pendulous skin under the throat, whioh is generally deemed a bad property in this oountry, and the very re veree in Spain, where it is much esteemed because it is suppoetd to denote a tendency both to wool and to a heavy fleece.' ' The Spanish merino was introduced into England by George III., in the year 1791 ; but it was not till 1801 that tbe firtt public rale of «h« progeny took place. At that eale the rams averaged £19 14s., and the ewes £8 16s. 6d. each. In 1808 the rams averaged £33 10s., and the ewes £23 12e. 6d. ; and at the sale held two years afterward b thirty-three rams realised £1920, thus averaging £68 each ; and seventy ewes averaged £37 10a. per head. Ono ram feiohed 173 guineas, i and another 134. One ewe was knocked down at 72 guineas, another at 70. This sale was. followed by the establishment of the 'Merino Society,' with Sir Joseph Banks hb president and fifty-four vion-presidents — patronage enough ; but with all this flourish of trumpets the crosses with the English coarse- woolled sheep proved a signal failure. The cross was too wide, and the merino was abandoned. '?Mr. Ellman, in bis examination before the House of Lords, said :— * He had abandoned the merinoes from the difficulty be hod in selling them in a lean state. The graziers did not like them. He had tried to fatten them himself, but found he could fatten three southdowns where he could one merino.' . , » And Mr. Coke, in his address to the Merino Society, , says :— * I feel it my duty to state my latest opinion of the ; effects of the cross of a part of my Southdown flock with merino tups, and I wish it oould be more favourable. From the further trial which I have made I must . candidly oon fets that I save reason to believe that, however one oross may answer, a further progress will not prove advan tageous to the breeder.' . ? ? ' But had the English graziers proceeded by selection of the best progeny, instead of crossing with English sheep, tiiey would have witnessed the full effeot of the English meadow land on the merino fleece as well as carcase. The English fanner, however, was breeding for mutton and not for wool. . , 'What different results attended the introduction of the merino sheep into Germany I need not dwell on; but in Germany the perfection ot the fleece, and not the supply of mutton, was the object aimed at That objeot was secured because it was steadily pursued, and with unwavering devotion. ' The Australian merinos oome principally through Germany, and not direct frem pure Spanish flocks: henoe the tendency, being the progeny of a cross, to individual instances of degeneracy to the parent stock of the German side, whioh are described as being ' small, with long neck end legs, and the head, belly, and legs devoid of wool.' Now, if these inferior animals are not carefully culled out of the breeding flocks they will be found to increase in number. There is s tenwnoy in all animals to return to the original tjpe if man is idle. 'I quite agree with Mr. Cox that we possess in this colony sheep far superior to anything we can import from Europe— the natural result of judicious selection, exercised over flocks bred under the most favourable drcumBtanccs of climate, soil, and pasturage. The undulating western slopes of the great dividing rang* should turn out the merino sheep in perfection. The superior softness and elasticity so attractive in the Austra lian fleece is, doubtless, the combined effect of climate, pasturage, and forest trees. The mildness of the winter (admits of -the proper nourishment of the wool without artificial feeding, and the general dryness of the climate is favourable to the retention of yolk; while the forest trees afford shelter in minter.and shade in summer, thus modi fying the action of the elements on the fleeoe. ? 'In Germany the sheep are so much confined in sheds, in order to preserve the fleece* that the muscular develop^ ment is checked, the size of the «iim»1 diminished, and his constitution weakened— the progeny will be delicate. By free and moderate exercise in the open air, with such pas turage as will keep up his condition in winter and}summer, and sheltered by the forest trees from extremes of heat and cold, you will have an animal symmetrical in figure, with a constitution adapted to the oountry, and bearing a fleeoe of superior excellence. That unsightly loose skin exhibited \- by the imported Negretti, so troublesome to the shearer, will have been filled out, and instead of the German you will have tbe Australian merino. ' The German flocks are housed in winter, and, indeed, in summer aUo during rain. The fleeoe is thus preserved to the very tip, and it is to this protection from rain that Iff to be attributed the superior softness of the German over the Spanish wool. ' A British manufacturer (Mr. Jowitt), in his eyidenoa before the House of Lords, says:— I began with tha : Spanish wool ; I then changed to the German, on account of its superior quality— proving better and making a softer cloth. I was also able to spin it to a greater length— th* very qualities in which the English wool is deficient' ' This uniform softness and elasticity of the fibre to only to be secured by keeping the sheep sheltered from heavy rains ; but we have not yet attained that stage fa sheep-farming. 'The sheep-farmer, however, should see that his sheep are adapted to his ran : that is, he should keep such sheep : only as will hold their condition in winter, and not attempt to keep large-framed sheep en mountainous #r inferior country. Sheep that cannot be kept in condition will never pay. Nor should ewes out of condition be ever bred from— the offspring will be delicate and wanting in constitution, from deficiency of nonrithment But poor sheep produce) the finest woof, and this has often deceived the purchaser of stud stock. The skin contracting from loss of flesh, the fibres of the wool are drawn more closely together, the action of the air is excluded, and a thioker, softer, pile pro duced. Every sheep- farmer must have noticed the eflaot on the wool of sheep removed from a poor oountry to rich pasturage. 'On this point Dr. Parry states:— 'The fineness of ? sheep's fleeoe of a given breed is, within oertain limits, in- , vereely as its f atnees. A sheep whioh is fat ha» usually comparatively coaree wool ; and one whioh is lean, either from want of food or disease, has the finest wool,' 'Another writer (Mr. Youatt) says:— 'Pasture has a far greater influence than climate on the fimm^aa of the fleece. The staple of the wool, like every other part of tha sheep, must increase in length or in bulk when the animal has a superabundance of nutriment; ,and on the other hand the secretion which forms tbe wool must decrease, like every other, when sufficient nourishment Is not afforded.' ' Nor must the. effect of soils on. wool be disregarded. Those graziers who have removed their flocks from the tablelands' of this colony to the plains and Band-ridges of .the basin of the Darling have hjen astonished at the ohanga effected in the fleece, which could hardly be aooountod for by climate 'alone. ? -.-. ' An English writer observes—' There it no doubt that soil nas much influence in producing harshness of the pQe% A chalky soil notoriously deteriorates the softness of tha ] wooL Minute particles of the chalk being necessarily brought into contact with the fleece, and mixing with it. have a corrosive effeot on the fibre, hardening and render ing it less pliable.' 'And Bakewell states in his work— 'In the northern parts of Derbyshire the mineral strata are eo abruptly broken that two adjoining farms, separated by a small brook, would not nntrequently be found, the one on lime stone and the other on sOicious grit or sandstone. Tha difference of the wool on those two farms, and from tha same breed of sheep, and particularly with regard to its softness, is so distinctly marked, and so well known, Oat the farmer would obtain Is or Is. 6d. per tod more for hi* wool when grown upon the latter soil/ ' When sheep were first taken to Queensland the effort on the fleece was very marked. The wool was harsh and dry to the touch, and light in weight, and would only sell in London at a reduced prioe ; but in subsequent years these ? very qualities enhanced its value. The maufaoturers had discovered that the absorption of oil from this very dryness, had so far increased the weight as to balance the waste front scouring; 40 that Queensland wool of the same degree of , fineness was worth more per lb. than that of New South Wales. This deficiency in yelk on the arid parched down* '; of Queensland, where there is not a tree to afford shade, i» doubtless to be attributed to the action ef a vertical sun on the skin, though it is quite possible the fine sand taken up by the wool may have its share in the work. Nature sup- :? plies oil for the wool, but not in sufficient quantity to oopo with a vertical sun and dust together. . ?'On the burning plains of the northwest it would be- , worth whUe to consider the expediency of erecting aamping \ sheds for the flocks. A few rough pasta erected, with a flat roof, formed by boughs and underwood thrown across, would afford shade during the heat of the day, and would s be amply paid for by the fleece. .. - v ' If it is true that wool becomes hair within the tropics, the graders in Northern Biverina and Queensland must ba cautious in breeding « in and in*— every generation-will ba ; a. step nearer hair. The ewe flocks should be carefully culled every year,«nd those exhibiting tropical proclivities* or light fleeces, rejected for breeding purposes, and fattoneq | off; and then, by introducing rams of the best bloed from. I wider districts the retrograde .tendency will be retarded. * jjj and a fair clothing fleeoe maintained. „ . . fa 'But I am not amre sure that by a esreW selection for 4 stud purposes of those animals, both male^and female* jj thai do not succumb to the climate, ouloontinne to carry ? j gotd fleece, that you will not, even without the Introduo- | tionof fresh blood, maintain a flock that will yield the i best return the ran is capable of. The sheep wul beoome 1 acclimatised, but the effeot of the climate mut be wateh**. I «* To attempt to grew combing wool in those warm regions vowo be to maintain a conflict against nature. Kama gogMBuig tie greatest possible density of fleeoe. and black wm folk, should alone be used— the yolk preserving the fibre from the acton of the son. I believe the Negretti to be the best sheep for such warm districts. But whilst I wuM not attempt to grow combing wool in Northern Ikverina, I think, where the climate and pasturage are callable, a fine combing wool ehon'd be cultivated, as being in shortest supply— such wool, for instance as Mudgee produces, can only be grown within a limited area, and most always command proportionate prioes. ' It would, of course, be folly to attempt to grow comb ing wool in districts where the sheep cannot be kept in condition in winter, as well es on the parched plains of the interior. 'Wool, to stand the action of the eomb, must be nouruhed all the year round. If the animal is allowed to fall off in condition, either in winter or summer, the wool will cnap with the slightest tension st that part of the fibre then growing when the nourishment failed. In f sot, if the sheep is allowed to get very poor, it will probably oast its wool altogether should the impivTemeut in condition be sudden. In using the terms clothing and combing, I most not be understood as advising a departure from the merino sheep. Two graders starting with sheep from the came Book, one to grow combing, and the other clothing wool, each selecting for breeding euoh individuals as exhibit in the greatest degree the qualities required— in the course of a few generations each flook will have bent to the will of its owner. My experience teaches me that cheep form no exception to the golden rale that * Like pro duces like.' On this theory the anther I have already quoted says,—' Every one who has attended to the breeding; of domestic animals must have experienced that by careful eelection of those from whioh he breeds, and with a clear and defined conoeption of the object he intends to effect, he may procure a progeny in which that object will be accom plished. In thenew Leicester breed of sheep, a praotioal proof of this may be ssen in the flocks of Mr. Buckley end Mr. Burgess. Both of these flocks have been purely bred from the original stock of Mr. Bake well, and vet the difference between the sheep possessed by thefe two gentlemen is so great that they have the appearance .of being quite different varieties— one owner having aimed at attaining merits of one description, and the other having aimed at attaining merits of a dif ' ferent nature.' * ' And again—' On this principle of selection the breeder will continue to proceed. The good qualities of his sheep, transmitted from; one generation to another, are no longer accidental circumstances— they have became a part and portion of the breed, and may be calculated on with the greatest degree of certainty. They constitute the practical Dlaatration of the term ' blood.' No animals will else where thrive so veil, or improve ee rapidly, as on the pas tures on whioh they and their forefathers have, generation after generation, been accustomed to wander.' *' And, on introducing frerh blood, the author Bays,—* He must (elect a ram from a soil and kind of food not distim ilar to his own, although at a distanoe perhaps as great as convenience will permit, with points as muoh resembling his own sheep asimay be. . Thus is illustrated that axiom with regard to jail our domesticated animals— selection, with judicious and cautious admixture, is the true seoret of foiming and improving a breed. ' Nor must any sheep-farmer, however perfect his flook, relax in his watchful supervision of his maiden eweB, before putting his rams in they must be carefully culled. There will be some to reject— individuals exhibiting the characteristics of the original stook from whioh they sprung, but these individuals will become fewer with every generation. ' Mr. Yonatt says,—* The errors to be avoided are—too long continued and obstinate adherence to one breed ; and, on the other band, and even more dangerous, violent crosses, in which there is little eimilarity between the soil, the pasture, or the points and qualities of the animals that' are brought together.' . - ' The most conspicuous instance of suooesi in forming a mw type, by the process of selection, is perhaps that of Mr. Bahewell, with the New Leicester. This handsome animal is a purely artificial sheep, made up by judioious selection and rich meadow lands, and perhaps gives the best returns to a given quantity of food of any animal on Britfeh pasturage. But, hand the New Leicester over to the Australian shepherd and his dog, and what will he become in two or three generations ? Just what his ancestors were ! Nature again adapts itself to circumstances— that food whieh, with rest, supplied fat. will now be required to supply bone and muscle to enable the animal to travel from feed to water, and to run from the shepherd's dog. 'So, also, the BambouiUet This sheep is a splendid specimen of what care, good feeding, and intelligent selec tion will effect— but can this fine figure be upheld on the arid plains of this country. ? The cheok to thtHsale of rams is the best reply. 'Much remains to be done in this country with sheep ; but the animal must be adapted to the nature of the run on which they are depastured, and such only kept as wQl bold their condition all the year round. It would be waste ?of resources to attempt to keep the Bambouillet, or the Leicester, on poor or mountainous country. Small aheap might be kept in fair condition where larger animals would starve. The grader must again exercise his judgment in creating, by selection, a type adapted to its pasturage, breed ing only from such as keep in condition and produce wool. By breeding from very poor sheep, each succeeding genera tion will get weaker in constitution, and at last will probably die off, a prey to worms or other debilitating diseases. 'The depression in the wool trade, a few years ago, 4rove some squatters into the error of massing their sheep, pell- mell, in large paddocks, old and young together. This was a great militate. Breeding sheep must be kept pro perly clawed, or the increase will rapidly deteriorate, and, after two or three' generations will be u wild as the 'kangaroo. \- 'I must not be understood as speaking agsiiut paddock Ing, but against the want of classification, involving in discriminate breeding from old and young, good and had. Padlocks should not be so large as to raider classification impracticable. 'If sheep will not pay for care and attention, they, will certainly pay lees without these essentials. The squatter, whose object is to cell and dear out, will go in for numbers; but the man who wants to derive ah income from his flocks mutt attend to their domestieation and improvement. 'The Hon. O. H. Cox, in the first valuable paper, referred to the immense low sustained by the oolony from the Inferiority of the bulk of the sheep extending into the interior. This is mainly to be attributed to our land laws : the squatter, not being allowed to purchase a pastoral homestead, breeds up for numbers, with the view of stock ing his run, and then going into the market, in tiu hope, too often Illusive, of clearing out with a fortune. With this object in view he breeds from every aw* that has four legs, whether she carries wool or not, and that as long as she lives ; and the rams seed will be such as cm be pro cured at the lowest figure. The result is such as Mr. Cox eo well describes— «. large portion of the sheep will scarcely pay for shearing. But if the owner of the sheep could also feel himself owner of any considerable portion of bis ran, his system of sheep-farming would be very different It is not too much to say that, of the twenty millions of cheep in New South Wales, one-half should be fattened off «nd replaced by wool- producing animals. Of course this is a work of time ; but estimating the im provement at ninepeace per fleece, on ten millions of sheep, we have a clear gain to the oolony of £375,000 per year. ? 'If there is one article above all other productions deserving the fostering care of Government, that article is wool— one of the most valuable articles of commerce — of great value to this colony— of immeasurable value to Bng tend. Thiatsemuieaitly a wool-producing country. Pra parrd by nature for pastoral occupation, and every animal tfiat would tmiernthelife of the shepherd carefully shut out. oar advance in material wealth stands without parallel in the history of British colonisation r yet Che producers of this wealth and prosperity seem to be a proscribed class, scarcely entitled to the protection of the law. Freeseleotors ire allowed to take possession*! their improvements, if under the vale* of forty Bounds, without compensation! And what are the sms ot the squatter, that his sheep stsAmsa^ reservoirs shovlc be thus oanfisoatodr Whom tea he te spaased on, save the kangaroo P He bat . driven back Ihe kangaroo, and oaeupled his grae ing ground hj sheep; ; He has extinguished the bush fires, and converted the '-grass into wo»L He supplies the entire populati«n wflfe wholesome beef and mutton, at a ^ Jaw iocs, «4 the Brinsh nuauf acturer with aravnu- terial that (rives employment to thousands — thus enriching both theooloayaosUhe mother country. It was waol that built out dries tWarought- ship^m&ourswrte.; m^as the squatters, who led the way across the Blue Mountains. . who encountered the spears of the aborigines, and planted the germs of that ever-increasing source of wealth which has raisfd the Australias from the miserable penal settle ment of Botany Bay to the front rank of British posses sions. ' I will now briefly give my own experience in sheep breeding, and in doing so will endeavour to keep as clear as possible of egotism. I commenced sheep-farming with the finest-woolled f-heep I could procure. In the year 18*8 1 selected from the Australian Agricultural Company's flook, at Stroud, twelve of their finest- woolled rams ; and I have since, on two occasions, imported pure Negrettis. I have also tried, but to a limited extent, the Rambouillet. I found the progeny of pure Saxon-merino rams delicate in winter, requiring warm country— those from Stur geon's pure Spanish flock had better constitutions. For the last twenty years I have been endeavouring, by selection, to combine length of staple and fineness of fibre with weight of fleece and weight of carcase. ' Atthe first wool show held in this city, in 1862, at Mr. Hort's stores, I exhibited six rams' fleeoes; in the grease, under the motto, ' Genus factum,' averaging II lbs. 7 ox. per fleece. On that occasion I received the following letter from the principal wooibroker : — ' Sydney, 18th January, 1662. Dear Sir, — I think it only justice to your 'Genus faotum' wool to say that, although prevented from being classed for the Commissioners' medal, from its went of fineness, there can be no doubt but that it is one of the moft profitable wools exhibited ; and, by carefully fol lowing up the back you are now on, yon will undoubtedly attain to what every one is looking for, namely, weight of fleece combined with fineness of staple. \- At the Exhibition held by this society in 1870, 1 sent in eight rams' fleeoe*, in the grease (in the nonoompeti tive class), averaging 12 lbs. 13 oz. ; and thirty ewes' fleeces (competitive class), the average weight of which was 9 lbe. 2$ oz., as published in the list of exhibit*. In 1872 1 exhibited six rams' fleeces, giving the average of thirteen pounds, lees one ounce ; and this wool, I nwy mention, received ISO points for fineness, beating Mr. Fither'e prize wool by 2u points. ?'At that time the Gamboola wool was selling in London at from 16d. to 18d. per lb. in grease. In the March sales of last year, fifty-four'bales realised 153. per lb. ' And as to the value of the oaroase — On the 14th May last 1 sent 700 wethers to the Sydney market, whioh sold at from 15s. Sd. to 16s. Id., reported by Messrs. Sullivan and Simpson Jntbe Sydney Mornutp Herald, as 'much admired and the beat flock we ever saw at Hornebush ; ' by Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, as ' a few very choice merinos from the paddocks of Mr. J. Smith, averaging 70 lbs.;' and by G. M. Pitt and Son, as * 70 » merinos, bred and fattened by Mr. Smith. These sheep were the best ever offered at the HomebuEh yards, and made from 16s. 9d. to 16a. Id., being (he top figures of the year by over £s. a head. We quote 56-lb. wethers at 13s. * 'On the 2nd September I had another lot of 750 wethers at Homebush, sold by G. ML Pitt and Son, at 18s. These sheep were all fattened on the natural grasses, and not on lucerne, as stated by Messrs. Sullivan and Simpson. ' 1 have now given the weight of fleece, with price per pound, and value of carcase, of the Gamboola flocks— sheep that have never been crossed by any eoarse-woolUd bretd whatever. ? ' The value of the wool, I regret to say, has been very much depreciated within the last few years, by the presence of clover burr, nor shall we see the Australian merino in perfection till he is kept within fences, allowed to drink the morning dew, and to choose his own bed at night. The grass seeds, too, are very destructive to the sheep, as well es injurious to the wool, and grass seeds ean only be con- . trolled by f enoing ; but there are difficulties in the way of fencing Crown lands familiar to every grazier, whioh very ' much impede sheep farming. ' The succulent indigenous grasses are disappearing as the country becomes occupied, succeeded by the pernicious seed-bearing grass. ' In disposing ef the lands on the banks of the western ? water-courres, I would suggest the expediency of reserving sheep roads leading from the table-lands to the Darling Biver, in order to admit of migrations, as in Spain, as well as to facilitate the passage of rat stock to the markets. The more uniform the climate and supply of food, the better will the strength and elasticity of the fleeoe be pre served. ' I must not close this paper without paying a just tribute to the Mudgee breeders. These gentlemen have done much for themselves by their attention to their flocks —they have done more for the interests of New South Wales. By the high perfection to whioh they have brought their fleeces, they nave drawn the attention of the whole manufacturing world to our staple product, and thus en hanced the value of all our wool, and imparted a prestige to our productions which' this society is wisely disseminat ing throughout Europe and America, and thus carrying out one of the great objects of the institution.' Hots.— On the 25th November hut Messrs. Mort and Co. sold 100 bales wool marked L.N.8. over Gamboola (my eon's brand) atl2Jd.; and on the 20th January instant, 66 bales marked E.A.6. over Narroogal— also from the Gamboola sheep QE. A. Smith's brand) at 12Jd. per lb. in grease— topping die market On the motion of Mr. Woodhouse, a vote of thanks was given to Mr. Smith for his valuable paper, the formal discuiaion of it being postponed. Thb Kulmcan Triai.— It appears that the Bavarian lawyero have all declined to undertake the defence of Kull man, who is now awaiting his trial'for attempting the life «f Prince Bismarck, and that the Court has had to assign counsel to the prisoner. If the laws of Bavaria as to toe rights and liabilities of an advocate resemble those of Prussia, the reason for this reluotanoe is not far to seek. In the fetter country it is stated by a recent writer (' La H-ofesston d'A.weai en iYww,' par Varnberg) that the number ef advocates is carefully limited, and that a mem ber of the profession may not establish himself where he pleases ; but the Government marks out his domioile and changes it at pleasure, «o that the lawyer (there is no separation of the 'two branches' in Germany) who happens to offend the ruling powers may find himself cut off from hie connection without ceremony. This is as nearly as bad as the rule in China, where, says Here Varnberg, ' Vavocat reeoit lebambou de» qu'il te enarffetTvne mattvaise cause.' In France, a brief must be refused hi civil causes' according to the advocate's opinion of the morality of the cause ; but in criminal matters the principle is widely different, the rule being that ' common humanity requires that every accused person should be defended,' (see Mollot, Regie, 38 ; « Jones's History of the French Bar, p. 202). In Scotland, in 1794, several members of the Bar refused to defend Gerrald upon his trial for ©edition; but their conduct called forth the memorable comment, both from the Residing Judge and from Henry Brskine, that ' no gentleman ought to refuse to defend a panel, 'whatever be the nature of his crime.' With us the well-known theoretical rule that no brief is to be refused is only tem pered in practice by the qualification that the advocate must first be satisfied with the fee. The ancient oath of the serjeant-at-law (see Mirror, c. 2, s. 5), that he would cot defend a cause that was unjust to his knowledge (which is still required of advocates in Spain), was ap plicable only to civil causes, for it is only comparatively in recent times (6 and 7 Will. 4, c 114) that counsel was allowed to a prisoner except on matter of law. In civil practice there are, of oouree, numerous inntanom, of which the Smyth case, in 1863, is the best known, of counsel throwing up their briefs in the case of detected fraud ; but in criminal prosecution the practice of English lawyers has been in accordance with the principles laid down by Lord Shkinein his defence of Paine, and we do notreoall an instance of refusal to undertake the defence of a prisoner or a formal withdrawal from further defence exoept Dr. Kenealy's withdrawal from the defence of the Fenian conspirators hi 1867. To be afraid of the Crown or any one else in undertaking what is understood to be ordinary pro* feettonal duty may seem ridiculous in England at the present day, but there may oome times when the fear of public opinion may prejudice the defence of an unpopular cn'minel ; and if ever tie rules of tiw English Bar should . come to be thrown into a binding shape, as those ef the French Bar are, this should be one of the first—' that no advocate may refuse to defend a prisoner on aocount of the aaiute of his cripe.'— Solicitors fetirmf. 