CROOKWELL. (Free, our cerreepeedeol.) Teen weather has agreeably changed; buel-fires have heen extinguished; the withered grass wilt noon give place to greenness; and the saffering cattle will find water and pasture in abandance. WVe have had very seasonahle rain, and tha hearts of the agri culturiots and graziers of the district are stirred with gladnees. The potato-crap cannot possibly he a good one, for a very small average was planted; hut in every ether reepect the rain has visited us jest in that jencture when poverty of winter-feed for the cattle seemed imminent. The restlas of last harvest wilt soon be known, for threshing-manhines in all directions are shedding forth the precious grain. The land is now ready for the plough, and without doubt the indestrious far wer will not he long in availing himself of the nice condition of the soil for this important initiatory operation. We are glad to be informed that there is a very large crop of apples in the district, these heing mainly of the winter kind. This important adjunct of a farmer's revenee has been too mach neglected. Winter apples have invariably com manded a good price. Besides the appearance of an orchard about the farm-house is extremely pleasing. The court and watch-houee is being proceeded with, the walls being now op and ready for the roof. Town improvements are still being made, there being several additions to existing beildings and now structures going forward. I am informed that another publin-houes is to be opened, which will make a total of five within a radius ef two miles. Educational reform is considered by many persens a needless movement. We think otherwise. It is not always adeisabie to leave welt alone. It is often necessary to aim at doing better. We are among those who acted foy the inatitltion of the public Schools Act of 1866. We yield to nene in ocr ap. praval of that measure; bet it must be evident to any unprejudiced person that some amendments are now necessary. We cannot fail to observe that the same parties who were in epposition to the Public Schools Act of 1866 are in opposition to the de thronement ef denominationalism now proposed. Whether it would be wiser to allow agradoalexlinn. lion of denominational schools, which extlnelien is inevitable, or to clap the extinguisher en these schools at once, we scarcely presome thereon to offer a positive epinion. We do however most certainly believe that the parposes of the state in extending the benefits of edecation will net ho arrived at until some scheme of cempelsion wisely planned is re sorted to. We have from the report nf the counoil of education for 1S73 the alarming fact that there are in the colony 25,060 children who attend no echool. 1Of these about 3000 reside in localities in which no schools at present exist, 5000 wilt be provided for by schools in course of establishment, and the re maining 17,000 do net avail themselves of facilities for education placed within their rench." It is stated that these ogures are much below the acetua num ber; yet taking these as a fact, how ovident that some compulsion is necessary, sa that the uchools now existing should be incressed with 17,000 children ignorant of the rodiments ef learning. General teeths ere net so forcible as panltcular instances. We have at Crookwell a very nice school property, erectod at a cost to the country of £400, and to the residents of £200; totit £EB0.capable of containing sixty children. Upon representation of a leading resident, a highly Classified teaocher we eent. Thero are within tho rodine of two miles sixty children between the ngeo of four aid fourtene and within the radius of three mites eighty Children' alt of whom depend for their education on thee s0ool in qoustion. The echool has been in operation ten months, and we find that an overago of thirty wot ceanhed for a very short period, whilst for the larger portion of the time the average has varied from twetee to twenty in attendance. The resalt of this being the imposoibility of real organization, die. heartenmont to the teacher, and finally hie re. moval. Thio went of attention to the education of chil dren on the part of tiarents criser freqoently from mere carelessness. Wo think it is more than a simple opinion which a pereon expressed to no the other day-"i I woald like to ho compelled to nend my children to echool, as then little hindrances would have to glee way." We have eatficient confidence in the law-abiding spirit of ear colonists to believe that were a compoleary clause enacted there wonud ho no need of the policeman chasing the parents or chil dren, and it appeare to on a question as to whether a gross insult is not offered to the commonity by those who assert that each a proceeding woold be necessary. We have thought over the proposals for free and secolar edocation, aod moot concede that the weight of evidence favoro the adoption of these principles. Oar reasons may be given in foture correspon. donce. February 8. 