THE NATURALIST. 1 . I J| I 1 MW . J 1 1 ACOIdMAflTSATION SOCIETY AND PROTEO- TION OF NATIVR GAME. : While it -will'not be denied that the acclimati- isation Society ' lms' done, considerahlo good by (ihtrodu,cihg foreign and protectibg native game,, 'there appear'.to he stiU some mistakes, to' be corrected in ' regard to the protection of the i native game. An acquaiatance with the habits ! of game which is protected already , we might presumq the members of the council to possess. ;An influential . body, of that kind, wioaeT jadvice trill he almost as , a matter of course adopted, and acted . upon by .the Go- Ivernor-in-Council, should . , hy .this , tima .have, become thoroughly, informed of every cir- ! stance affecting the well-being of the game. - We - fear, however, on good grounds,, that such is not , :thecaso. Rroteption during; the brseding season ;is not aH thaAis required, if a fair supply is to .be maintained in tho country. The season of. ; moulting is.nearly as important as that of nest-, : ing. The society did welL in causing the swans to j he protected during nesting ; but nothinghaa been; Idone during the moulting ; and at that . season birds fall a prey to eveiy pot-shooter as easily, as at the other. Moreover, they are hardly fit : for wholesome not to say delicious food, when in that condition, Yet up to this dath' the wild turkeys, dotterell, and fuQ grown' black swans, arfe, to our. certain knowledge; in-' the height of moulting at this day;- Some that, we inspected, while being plucked of their feathers, were quite .thickly covered with young feathers full of blood. Surely the council will ' consider and advise the law authorities on this important matter. -The close heason for them should be extended to the first of February at the earliest.. In the instance of one large male bird, weighing, close upon 20 lb'., there was not found inside itone grain of fat, though a month or two hence it would have carried half a pound. In fact, the natural condition of it would have been changed for the better,, and the shooter would.have probably experienced a trifle more difficnlty in approaching it. Much the;same may : bo said of all the- other bustards and curlews, .Again the- Council; instead 'of advising- the abontion<of protection .to qunal, have of late ex-, tended the -close season, and we fear have .now succeeded in rendering a day's sport a thing of the past. Those that nest in our hayflolds are the first to fall a prory to the hawks. They hang about the bare stubble3 where the nests were, and are soon picked, up. So long as the close Season ended on 20tn December there was a chance of getting a shot at those which had reared their young in the wheat, but now the buds of Iprey and cats are to havo those also 01 fcho remainder of "what -migrated there remain those that selected the edges of . shMlow grassy swamps, and tuBsocky low lands : 1 and of late years, what with bushfires and ' cattle, but few havo been met with. Moreorer, , it is unwise to protect them on another account ; it is not worth, while. . They do not come down to. this colony as heretofore. We are assured that, though there was hardly a- good bag got ' in Yictoiialast season, the country about the Upper Murray, the Mmxumbidgee, and east ami - north of- tho Darling, anyone- armed with a stidk only might make a fair hag in an hour or two. The fact is that every farmer or squatter forms ono or more dams; and lays aside a paddock or two for grasB or hay, and there the birds find all that- they require, and- . there endB their instinct to emigrate. The very same applies to snipe. Amidale and north- . warils, in New South Wales, towards the Queens- : land border, in the tin mines districts, water has j been stored,, and perhaps otber natural condi- i tiona_ improved, and so they are- contented to remain where they hatched and reared their ' young. Certain it is that just as these artificial I improvements havo advanced the numbers visit- : ing Victoria have fallen off. 