GENERAL NEWS. I Towards the Barbier-The country be- tween the Darling and the Barrier Ranges is being fast taken up and stocked. Mr. Spicer has recently taken up a large block, and is ex- pending on it a considerable amount of capital. \- Wilcannia Times. Duty was charged on tho 5tb Feb., on the Victorian Border, upon a coffin whioh contained the remains of a young man who had crossed the Murray to Wodonga, and was accidentally drowned. Boring for water has lately bion suoeesBful at Marong, near Bendigo. The fluid was found seven feet below the surfaoo. Straw is said to form an excellent lightning conductor. "A solid nugget weighing 28oz.," says the Avoca Mail, " was sold to the Bank of Victoria, by throe Chinamen, on Tuesday morning. The lucky find was made in the old ground at the hoad of the Homebush Lead, and at a depth of 24ft. from tho surface. A fine Snowden filly, the property of Mr. R. Cox, of Wagga Wagga, was reoently being walked about in harness, when she suddenly reared, and fell violently on hor back, seriously injuring her spine. There appears to be some slight hope of saving her life. John Fortune, a simple man residing at Hope Creek, Inglewood, Victoria, killed himself by cutting his throat after a heavy drinking bout. The occurrence took place on Feb. 6. The survey of the coast line of railway from Sydney to Illawarra has boen extended into Wollongong. John Harris, a labourer, died on the 6th Feb , near Goulburn, from wounds inflicted by him- self in his neck and arm because a falling tree had pinned him to the ground in the bush where he could not escape and had no hope of rescue. Carriage from Goulburn to Tumut or Ade- long is X10 a ton, in oonsequenoe of the dry weather. A man at Gundagai recently charged another with forging a oheque which he himself bad altered. Rain at Parkes, on January 30 and 31, re- vived the crops, and filled the waterholes. The wheat crops and the hay will be saved. The maize is lost owing to the delay of rain. James Berreman, a miner, was injured at Forbes on Jan. 30, by earth in a drive eaving in upon him Mr. Herbert Tiedemann, of Young, uses the divining rod with success in the discovery of water, so says the fíurrangong Argus. At Hobart Town on the 1st February, Mrs Campbell and her child, and Messrs. Ward and Hill, were drowned by the upsetting of a boat in the harbour. Tin, yielding an assay of 73 percent, has been found at Mount Horror, on the eaBt-ooast of Tas- mania. Mr. Fitzgibbon, the town clerk of Melbourne, has been fined for wasting Yan Yean water. In his defence, he alleged that he allowed the water to run to show the incompetency of the department. The excuse was unavailing. A resident of Smythesdale reoently watched an interesting combat between a snake and an iguana. The snake in the course of the fight, bit the whole of the iguaDa'a tail off. Bush-fires in the neighbourhood of Lancefield, Victoria, destroyed a number of hares and native .K-ar». It is reckoned that the contest for the Bogan cost £8 for each vote polled, and Mr Hay's return for tho Murray cost over £2000. 