CURIOUS ABORIGINAL MODE OF DISPOSING OF THEIR DEAD. Funeral Customs of the Aboriginal Natives. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) A SINGULAR mode of disposing of their dead is adopted by some tribes of the aboriginal natives in South Australia, and in certain parts of the north- western interior. It consists in placing the corpse, stretched out at full length on a rude frame work of poles and branches, fixed horizontally at a certain distance from the ground, on the forks or limbs of a tree, or of adjacent trees, the heads of which approach sufficiently near to present a con venient lodgment for the frame. The dead body is then gradually covered over with green boughs and bushes, so interlaced and woven together in the course of being put on as to render the elevated coffin-so to call it-immovable by the wind, and impervious to birds of prey. A loud wail, of apparently heart-felt griëf, is raised at the conclusion of the ceremony by the near relatives of the deceased. The gins are expected to be particularly vociferous and de monstrative on such occasions. And they seldom disappoint the expectation, unless the old age and decrepitude.of the departed should excuse their lack of sorrow. Sometimes, indeed, they inflict deep gashes on their heads with a tomahawk, in a manner reminding one of that mourning for the dead that prevailed among the heathens of old, and is prohibited in the law of Moses. This, how ever, appears to be entirely voluntary, and at the discretion of the mourners. A variety of other observances, however, are re quired by custom, which, among the aborigines so loug as they retain their tribal organization, has the nature and force of law. The near relatives of the deceased, for example, are bound to visit his last resting-place, once at least, every moon, for a certain number of moons ; and having slept a night within hearing, as it were, of the spot, they are to renew at the dawn of day, their lamentations for his death, and con tinue them, with short intervals, till sun rise. Nothing, perhaps, can be more deeply expressive of sorrow without hope, than this shrill, melancholy wail of theirs at that early hour. It rang in my ears at one period of my life at regular monthly intervals for the greater part of a year, a black man belonging to the locality having been buried about half-a- mile from my residence on the Hunter. Notwithstanding the distance, its piercing tones could be distinctly heard at my house ; and never failed to wake me ia the morn ing, and give lise in my mind to some degree of I sympathy with grief so pathetic in its mardiesta I tions. Our wood-cut represents a visit of the nature j above alluded to, made by the kinsfolk of a de ceased black to the place where his remains, en closed ÍH a frame-work of bushes, rest on the limbs of trees whose branches project towards and nearly approach each other across the bend of a stream, A situation of this kind, remarkable for its wild gloominess, is not unfrequently in dicated by the sick or dying black man himself as the spot in which he should wish to repose in death. Sometimes the centre of a pine brush is chosen for thiB purpose, and sometimes the shelf of a mountain, or a secluded valley-from which there isa glimpse of the sea ; but everywhere alike, the situation selected-whatever be the reason of it-will be found highly picturesque. "We cannot infer from this fact, it is true, the existence of taste in the aboriginal, yet we may suppose, with a measure of possibility, that a vague con sciousness of an accordance between the spirit of the scene and the temper of his own mind had some influence in the choice. The visitor in this instance, as depicted by the artist, appears to be bent, notwithstanding the solemnity of the occasion, uponhavingafling with his throwing stick at some wild ducks which swim about in the water invitingly near. He seems al ready in the course of his journeying to have secured two, and he is awaiting the opportunity of knocking down another pair. The gin, of course, according to aboriginal etiquette, would have to act the part of spaniel in fetching the ducks out of the water if he should kill them, and in any case would be required to dive after and recover the weapon he had thrown at them, but thiB she would do cheerfully, as it is her pride to perform whatever is beneath his dignity to do. Her part of the work to be done is clearly marked out by custom, having all the sacredness and the binding force of a law of nature, and any assistance therein from her husband would be in her eyes equally insulting to her and dis graceful to him. Though the heavy end of the log is assigned to her in all cases, yet it is her own end of the log she thinks, nevertheless, and she would refuse on that ground to exchange it for the lighter one. The idea of " woman's rights " has never dawned upon the mind of a black gin. But to return to the abovementioned singular mode of disposing of their dead, adopted by a section of the aborigines in the remote interior, it is impossible, of course, even to guess at the origin of the practice. It differs almost as widely from the interment of the corpse, as did. the ancient cus tom of burning it to ashes. Cremation waa dis continued, most likely, T by reason of the superstitious meaning attached to thé Chrisp tian dogma of the résurrection of the body. But whether this singular method. referred to arose among the blacks from any change of opinion, or superstitious notion on their part, is not ascertained, and perhaps not. ascertainable. It is adopted, at all events, by a comparatively small section of the Australian aborigines. Throughout by far the greater portion oE the country the Sractice of interment prevails, lut it is done in a way which is very different from ours. A round hole is dug about four feet in depth, in which tho body is placed in a sitting posture, with the knees bent up againt the breast and the arms pendant in a line with the hips. The earth is then carefully thrown in so as to fill all vacancies, and the head, which is kept erect, is then covered with mould by hand fulls at a time until a conical mound ia raised over it to the height of four or five feet. This mound is made as solid as the nature of the soil will permit,nicely roundedinshape like a sugar-loaf, and well smoothed on the surface. ¡It is then covered over with brush-wood in the first place, and afterwards with logs and dead timber to defend it from the ravages of the dingo. And finally, as a safe-guard against a bush-fire, a circular space surrounding the dead wood is completely denuded of grass. Such was the method of burial generally resorted to by the aborigines in former years, and which is still in use among them wherever they retain a decent regard for the ancient customs of their race. It is said that the dead body, when interred, is always plaeed in such a position as to face the rising sun. I Bhould be glad to find the statement suffi ciently corroborated, for al though the original reason or fact symbolised by looking towards the East may have been lost, it would yet tend to strengthen the conjecture which so many things about the aborigines of Australia suggest-that they have fallen, as a race, from a higher state of culture than that in which they are now found. On Tuesday, the", 20th inst., Wm, Connors, a maintenance man on the Northern road, eight miles from Tamworth, had his hut broken open and robbed of a saddle, a quantity of clothing, and some rations, ^valued at £7. Information was sent to the Tamworth police, who, after some trouble captured the offender in the following manner : They watched the hut of a man named Weir all night, and next morning constable Kennedy saw, Weir start into the bush. Kennedy then went to the hut, and saw. through a crack in the locked door one of the missing articles. The constable watched Weir, who at 2 p.rtu rode to some bushes and a log, about 300 yards from where the robbery was committed, tied up his horse, and pulled eut the missing articles. Constables Connell and Kennedy then went up and arrested him. MB. F, Stephen's lifeboat, the Alice, started on her voyage from shelbourne to Sydney 'on Satur day afternoon, leaving the ¡St. Kilda pier at half past 2 o'clock. The ARGUS 'says the pier was crowded with spectators, who heartily cheered the daring men who have undertaken the perilous duty of navigating the tiny craft to Sydney. The Alice is a new and hitherto untried boat. She is constructed exactly after the pattern of one which recently made the journey to and from Queenscliff, but is on a larger scale, and is of course more suited to afford comfort and shelter to her crew, and better adapted for sailing. She carries food and water sufficient for a month's supply, and is fitted with every appliance calcu lated to increase the confidence of her crew and the efficiency of the boat. Even when Mr. Thomas Leggatt and his son, who form her crew, took their places, the Alice floated lightly on the water, ap parently not at*all overburdened with her cargo.,Ten minutes after the crew had gone on board, the sails were set, the painter cast loose, and the tiny boat moved off amidst the cheers of the spectators The day was in all respects suited for the start. A brisk and leading breeze gave animation to the water, and the little craft sped on her way at a rate that surprised onlookers, for within an hour of her departure she could be but dimly discerned as a speck in the horizon. The adventurous Bailors who have voluntarily under taken to test the capabilities of the new boat, will necessarily be exposed to considerable discomfort from their unsheltered position, even if they are so fortunate as to escape bad weather, which ia scarcely likely to be the case on an Australian coast for a period of two or three consecutive weeks. They undoubtedly carry with them the best wishes of the community that they may safely perform their journey, and prove the usefulness of Mr. Stephen's invention. It is Mr. Leggart's in dention to touch at Queenscliff, Wilson's.Promon tory, and other points on the coast, and to telegraph to Melbourne reporting how the enterprise is ucceeding, 