THE Government is sorely besieged just now. The proposed Metropolitan Board of Works, the Harbor Trust, and similar embryo incorporations are asking that they may be taken under the Ministerial wing. They request not only that the necessary measures for their creation may be made Ministerial questions, bat that, when in corporated, they may be endowed liberally. It may be that they ask a great deal on the. -theory that they are. likely, to get a good deal less than what they claim, and they tins leave a wide marginfor contingencies. We imagine, how ever, that if they were individually more moderate iniheir demands, they would pro bably fare mnch better. As it is, the Govern ment has refused to accede to the demands put forward in their present shape— and no wonder that it is so; for; even if its mem bers were so bereft of reason as to seriously entertain them," they would speedily meet with -the "bapny dispatch when they came before Parliament. It will greatly facili tate the matter when the proposed bodies referred to come to set up their preten sions In Parliament, and when the advo cates of the several rival schemes, in argn- . ing in their favor, begin to depredate the others. The neutral portion of the House — those members who are not directly or per sonally interested in the schemes eet forth —will thai be- able to make their influence felt, and to settle the questions in a rational and unprejudiced manner. - The' Metropoli tan Board of Works, it is proposed, shall have jurisdiction over Melbourne and the . suburbs within a radius of several miles ; and its projectors claim for it, that it be endowed by having handed over to it the Tan Yean and the prindpal portion of the Crown lands within the large area named. It would be very difficult to estimate the actual rvalue of the claim made. Even at present it might be put down, in round numbers at between two and three millions sterling. The Yan Yean alone would be worth over a million, and in a score of years the revenue of the Metropolitan Board of Works would probably prove almost eqnal to that of a smalt State. Ministers may well paase when audi a proposal is made, and Parliament will think more than the pro- verbial twice before it agrees to such an endowment The Harbor- Trust, however, sets np a claim to a goodly portion of the Crown landB asked for by the Beard, and apparently with folly as good a right, and even -bow there is bad.. Mood ber. tween the "rival promoters ""over the' coveted area. For prospecting or other things, which would eventually prove re munerative to .the country generally, Par liament, overawed by metropolitan influ- euoer-not merely members- representing; metropolitan constituencies, -but Melbourne men sitting for country ones— dole out their favors sparingly. Forjthemselves arid their belongings they are liberal in the . exv treme, and when the schemes men tioned come on for discussion, they must be watched after carefully, or a large job will be perpetrated. . No question but that these proposed corporations are good, and have work to do that cannot be mud) longer delayed — indeed, it should have been undertaken yews ago. For all that, we mrist combine .justice, with bar generosity ; and, while liberally endowing the Board, the Trust, &c; -we shoiild not let obr liberality degenerate into wanton extrava gance. Who is there who has not heard of the discussions, whether past or present, aB to the merits of secular mid denominational education ? These, are varied by less ex citing ones, about the necessity of promoting intermediate education as a necessary link' between tbe primary and the higher. Technological education occasionally has advocates ; in fact, there is not a possible phase jaf the q uestion which has not attracted attention and provoked; ."discussion, even down to that as to the relative educational power of the two sexes. Not the least interesting and important matter in con- nection with the larger question is—how we may best make knowledge practical more than theoretical ; how it may be turned from being a matter of the head, or of the mastering of the text book only, and be available in the discharge of the duties of every-day life. We often see in the world a man, or a woman, who enjoys the credit—and justly so — of being well read, and of know-? ing a great deal about books,- and who is yet the veriest ninny in bumnees affairs. These people are in the world, but notof it Ih almost everything they are really so ignorant, practically, that, to use a common .expression, a child could buy and sell them. Of course there are splendid, but unfortu nately rare, exceptions to this rule. The boy who should be acquiring some practical knowledge of the world — perhaps helping Ma father in tire workshop or on tbe farm, or gaining Information in the market-place — sticks closely to his books, and be is pointed oat as an admirable example of studiousness. He is brought up to a learned or a genteel occupation, and is very often through life a pauper, and of the worst kind, an educated one. He often curses his fate that he was not able to work at the anvil or the bench, to hold the plough, or to do scores of other things, by which he would have been able to earn his bread and preserve tbe good opinion of the world, and, what is better, his own self-respect It is much the same with girls. They are prompted to leara accomplishments, so called, when they should be in the kitchen or the dairy, where probably their mothers are, if not working, seeing that the neces sary work is well done, and knowing when it is so, because they can do it themselves, and they know the value of such things in keeping the wheels of domestic life from jolting. Boys brought up as we have indi cated marry girls trained as we havenoticed, and the result is misery, grumbling, and never- ending unhappiness to them and their entire households. No donbt, the persons are themselves to blame for this state of things — at all events, to some extent ; but their parents are far more blameable. Not that we. are against studions habits or the acquisition of accomplishments in either sex ; bat, in the name of common sense, let there be something practical as well — some- : thing by which, even as a good plough man or housemaid, an honest oust may be earned. Better that than seeing youngsters waiting— the .one for some thing" under the Government," or an office; and the other having to aebmit to the ill- paid drudgery of governessing, or even something still lees remunerative. In a community like this, the man who fails to have his son tanght a trade of some sort Is his worst enemy; and tbe woman who permits her daughter -to grow up ignorant not only of the. theory but the practice of the mystery of domestic manage ment, in all its brandies, is foolish be yond the possibility of description. How many of our male readers are there who wish they had learned some handicraft when they were buyer And if our lady readers are equally candid, they will confess that many a time and oft they lament that they did not learn more of the housewifely duties from their mothers, who were notably pro ficient in them. ' Parents should not -leave it to their children to say the same thing of them in their maturity. . The Easter holidays, as far as tfa%"hsve yet passed over, have been freely enjoyed fry the resi dents of this town and district. The railways have done a large baaness conveying easstiomsts.from and to Ballarat, (be number of passengers bang considerably in excess this year of the number that travelled fast. This is no doubt to he attributed to the uniform ystem adopted by the department m all stations on the 'linee At single fares, which is a mnch preferable method of dealing with holiday- makers than <coufosing them by taxing half a dozen -different rates, as heretofore. Divine service was held in most of the churches on Good Friday morning, andin some cases also in theevediag; and special masses were celebrated in St Patrick's Cathedral both on Good Friday and Saturday. An unusually large number of picnic parties on Friday patronised the Botanic Gardens, And places of re- sort a few miles out of tows, bring tempted to spend the day in this manner by the excellent weather prevailing. We refer rise where in detail to the sports yet to come off, and the termination of which will -bring (be Easter .hoEdsys -OF 1875 to a dose. Yesterday afternoon tbe beUringers rung out a merry peal from the Oity Hall bells in honor of the Day of Resurrection. We understand 4hat Mr Wynne will address .the electors of die Keuth-Western Province in Ballarat oh Friday swat, «nd the electors HtGeriong on the fallowing evening. Mr Wynne handed his commstwo papers Aad deposit to the returning officer at Geriong cm Saturday. The Ministry frave -determined on having a gala day on the opening of the railway line te Ararat, and invitations will he issued to the press and members of both Houses of Parliament. Mr Belcher on Thursday, in company with a member of his committee and HrCuthbert, visited Sebastopol, Cambrian Hffl, and Cbeny-free Flat. He obtained numerous promises of support; and was well received. Mr Wheeler, the Victorian agent for the Narra- ooorte Art Union, arrived in Ballarat on Saturday with seven large boxes containing the prizes which have fallen (o tbe lot of persons residing in tins - district. The boxes contain a fine silver service, gold and silver watches and chains, valuable lockets, and other jewellery; and articles of greater bulk, such as sewing machines, Ac. They are on view at the Camp hotel, where Mr Musgrore states they will be distributed to-morrow and Wednesday to the lucky winners. The first prize, which also falls to this district, has been taken in cash, £10Q0 ; so this amount must be added to the value of the prizes.at the Camp botri. A review of the volunteers will be held to-day in otteof the outskirts of Geriong. A special train, to convey the dunes men, will leave that town at six this morning, and call at Creswick, at half-past seven,-to pick np the Creswick men. A complete train, conveying the dunes, Creswick and Bslla- mi forces will, leave the Western station at fifteen minutes past seven rinnp, and return from Geriong at right o'clock in the evening. Owing to the pressure of traffic, the men are to be carried in the rid third -dam carnages, or cattle tracks, which we should imagine they will accept as the reverse of a special compliment Tbe officers win "be ac commodated in first-class carriages. An attempt to commit suicide was" made on Saturday, at Mount Clear, by a woman named" Jane Dunn, the widow of a man who formerly kept the Albion hotel, 'She has been living as housekeeper Jar some '.time with James Smith; ' lately the .landlord of the "Prince of Wales hotel in Hnmffray atreet ; and It would appear-that on Saturday they had had a quarrel, and some strong language was tme& Shortly., afterwards, the woman seized a razor, with whidi Smith had been shaving himself, and drew it across her throat, but without inflicting- much hurt Smith prevented ber from further injuring herself, aad abb was afterwards arrested and lodged In the Eastern lock up, oo a charge of having attempted to commit suicide. She will be brought- up- at the Town Police Court tbis morning. - Early on Sunday morning, about -five o'clock, a fire broke out in the premises of a Mr Dourian. near the Guiding Star hotel, Sebastopol road. The City Brigade was quickly in attendance, and, although a stable containing a quantity of harness, oats, bran, fa, was fanned down; the conflagration was prevented extending to the adjoining premises. We understand the property destroyed was unin sured. Our advertising cohmms give ample details of the amusement improvised for to-day. Prominent amongst tbe entertainment are the 'sportabn the Eastern Oval in aid of the Public Library. For those some of the crack athletes of the district are entered as competitors. Ansrt from the very lau- dable object to be benefited, there is abundant jrovision made for the meeting, to winch it is hoped the public will give their cordial patronage. At toe Alfred Hall this evening, there is a rare treat prepared fortoe lovers of good and legiti- i mate singing. We-hope toe hall-will be well filled. The number Of persons nriiered at the Ballaiat Benevolent Asylum last week was 1121, Of whom 810 were children. Master Walter Endey, aged fifteen, son of Mr Henry Endey, of Mount Pleasant, has been suc- cessful'in pasting toe Civil Service and matricula tion examinations held in Ballarat "in February last: Master James Maddern, son of Mr Maddern, of Sunny Corner,- has passed the Civil Service examination. Both .youths were educated by Mr Nicholls, of Mount Pleasant State School, No. I486.- — ' - Major Smith has been presented — by Mr Mitchell, of Warbnrtoh, through Major Couchman — with a very Quaint stick, to be formed into a baton for toe drum-major of the B.V.R. It was cut at the Upper Yaasj and is chiefly remarkable for its straight growth, its length, and tbe curious manner in which a parasite has grown snake-like from its root to its top. Major Smith brought tbe present up to Ballarat nth him on Saturday- Dr WWteombe, prerident of toe Ballarat Fish Arriimwtisstion Somety, baa written to toe mayor of toe City, stating that he possesses toe necessary information to (race out toe persons who took several trout out of the ponds at the Botanic Gardens toe other day. The mayor has determined to avail hfrmmlf of this offer, and to prosecute the I offenders. Mr John Hardy, solicitor, of Lydiard street, on Saturday purchased toe right, title, siid interest of toe jflant, 8ri,of toe Hand and Band Company for £20,. subject to tbe mortgage. We hear Mr Hardy intends to dispute toe validity of toe latter docu ment Mr "W". Clarke, M T, A presented a petition on Thursday -to tbe boo. the Minister of Education, from the parents of seventy children at Italian Gully and district, praying for the erection of a State school in that locality. The site, it appears, had been surveyed six months ago, and toe "children had to travel from three to four miles to the nearest school, and it was pointed out this was rather difficult in the winter season. Mr Mackay promised to have the matter attended to and enquiries made on tbe subject. A bowling.. match., will he played on the Eastern green to-day between the Ballarat and Carlton dubs. Players are requested to be at the Oval at half- past twelve sharp. A miner named John H. Yerxan, residing in Drummond street; was admitted to the Hospital on Friday with his left leg fractured. While working in a quartz mine at Egerton on the pre vious civ, a mass of quartz came down while he was gadding, and by striking him on the leg. pro duced toe injury above stated. On Sunday collections were made in the Lydiard Street Wesley an Church, on behalf of the educa tional fund. The Bev, J. F. Horsley, in urging upon the congregation to give, remarked that the fund was established many years since, for the purpose of enabling ministers to provide education for their children, and that the orphans and widows of ministers depended for their livelihood npon re ceipts from such funds. Mr w. Clarke, M.L.A., presented a petition to tbe post and telegraph" authorities on Thursday, from residents at Gordon and Egerton, trusting that the Government would procure amore suitable Putt ding man the present one for a post and tele graph office. Mr Tamer , intimated that the de partment could not tell as yet whether the trie- graph office would pay. Under the new rule trie- graph offices .in country .districts were opened ih connection with toe post offices, and one person managed both — the payment bring by results, but he would forward a reply in a few days. Tbe CI lines Fire Brigade celebrate their eleventh anniversary to- day by a. procession through the streets, and a »»»«» and sports in toe agricultural show -yards ; to wind up at night by a conflagra tion and demolition of a house specially pro vided, when the members w31 display their agility and prowess. The fire-bell is announced to toll at starting of the procession, and at the burning of the house. We have received a lengthy circular from the committee formed in Melbourne to protest against any portion of tile Albert Park being sold by the Government for building purposes. The names attached are influential, and toe object sought seems to us to deserve success. The picnic on Good Friday at Mr B. Pearl's paddock, Newtown, Scarsdale, was not quite so well attended as might have been expected, owing in a great measure to the fact that toe mining claims ih toe district did not stop work on that day. Linton, Happy Valley, Bokewood Junction, &cl;, were wril represented, and the majority of those present appeared to enjoy themselves, aad heartily entered into the innocent amusements usual on such occasions. A sale of gifts will take place at Trinity Inde pendent (fliurdi, Sturt street, this evening. Music will be provided, and also other amusements. "The annual -half-yearly services were held in tola : church yesterday, when toe Bev E. G. Atkinson preached in toe moming; and toe Bev. David Lindsay ih the evening, to large congregations. In the afternoon, prizes were distributed to toe children attending the Sunday school. The sale of gifts will be opened this evening at seven o'clock, by his worship toe mayor of Ballarat East A soiree in connection with the Presbyterian Church was held in the Temperance Hall, Lear- month, on Wednesday evening, and proved a highly successful gathering. The ladies of the congrega- tion were the caterers, and their work was done with great satisfaction. The tables were taste- fully spread with a miscellaneous assortment of very tempting viands, a number of bouquets of flowers giving a pleasing effect to the whole. "The cup that cheers," &c.;, for quality was unexcep- tionable, and the arrangements generally very complete. The public meeting subsequently held was presided over by the Rev. R. Hamilton, minis- ter of the congregation, and addresses suitable to the occasion were delivered by the Rev. R. T. Walker, moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and the Rev. Mr Dick, both of Ballarat; the Rev. Mr Rupp, Learmonth; Rev. Mr Steel, Burrumbeet; and Rev. Mr Haussman, Minersrest. The church choir, under Mr Richmond, rendered some sacred pieces of music at intervals during the evening. The customary votes of thanks to the speakers, the ladies, the choir, and the chair- man, having been given and responded to, the meeting was brought to a close. A cricket match was played on Good Friday, at Bussdi Square, between the hose and apparatus companies of toe B.F.B. ; the former captioned by Lieutenant Lawn, and toe fatter by Apparatus- officer Muller. The former won by an innings and 14 runs. During the game the Orphan Asylum children were brought on to the ground by Mrs Saddleir, and a subscription -was at once started and I he children regaled with fnuLic. The concert to have been given at toe Alfred Hall on Saturday night by children, under the aus pices of Mr M. B. Johns, was postponed on account of the smaHness of the attendance. On Good Friday toe children attending the Presbyterian Sunday schools at Learmonth and Springs were treated to their annual picnic at Mount Bolton, in a paddock the property of Messrs Baker and Young. One hhndred children were present, and about fifty adults, including the teachers, parents, £&, ail of whom appeared to pass toe day very enjoyably. A slight mishap occurred to one of toe children, a little girl, who wnen coming down me mount tripped, and rolled down the very steep declivity a considerable dis tance. Beyond a severe shaking, however, and a considerably - disfigured face, nothing serious hap pened from the unfortunate occurrence. Tea, cakes, £c., were abundantly dispensed, and sundry games amused the company until the afternoon was far advanced, when toe conveyances were again made for, and all reached their homes before dark. Will one of the two correspondents who sent ns m paragraph on Saturday, referring to a picnic from Mount Pleasant to Lake Burrumbeet on Friday, oblige us with a call, as the paragraph is incomplete, and therefore we hold it over until a few omissions have been made good. Several letters are unavoidably crowded out ! until to- morrow. Good Friday was a very quiet day at dunes, many of the inhabitants having taken advantage of the excursion trains to visit the larger towns. Still . toe loss was, in a great measure, made up by this numbers of those who came to see their friends at Clones, as was seen by the frequent whslrmg of hands in the streets. There was a little chureh- going. but people generally seemed more disposed to make the day a holiday, and numerous were toe picnic and sporting parties. A large company of Wesleyans went in waggons to a tea meeting at CoghiU's Creek. Tbe hon. toe Commissioner of Trade and Cus- : terns is etffl confined to his bouse, bat (says toe Telegraph) is improving in health, and progressing rapidly towards recovery. A very general opinion (remarks tbe Geelorw Advertiser) has prevailed that whitethorn hedges would never succeed cm the arid plains of the Western district. - Travellers passing Lismere, however, will find .that toe experiment has been made on a huge scale, with results adverse to toe judgment of our skilled horticulturists. At Ti- fauga the cultivation paddock has been enclosed with a row/of blue gums, outride of which a neat hedge of whitethorn baa been planted. The hedge was planted last .year,- and notwithstanding the arid-looking character of.-toefailand country, has auereededbgffpad the most sanguine expectations. Mr Dongey, themHIerat Messrs Green Brotbera' mill, was bonified (says toe Avoca Free Press\ one day tait week on observing a child playing in toe yard of the establishment with a snake. Mr Dnngey's. first impulse was to snatch the child bom its dangerous playfellow, which having been accomplished, he returned in time to assist in dis patching toe reptile which was of toe brown species, -and measarea 8 feet Cinches. The A voca F ree Press say a it has good authority for staring tbat tendera for the construction of the railway extension from Maryborough to Avoca wfll be out in a fortnight or three weeks. Mr Ai F. Russell,' merehan t, of Dunolly, informed the Talbot Leader (hat "he was charged 5s for a parcel of paper weighing 2 cwt, sent from this office short tone" ago." Seeing, that toe distance from Talbot to Dnnolly Is only, twenty-four miles, our contemporary is of opinion one-half the Bum mentioned would be quite -einple. On another parcel of paper weighing 5 cwt all but 3 lb, which our contemporary received from Dnnolly, 10s 3d was charged. The Minister of Education has decided (says toe Argus) that in future, in ail cases where teachers occupy residences built for them' by toe State rent shall be paid. The O. and M. Advertiser visited toe Beech- worth Chinese Camp-last Sunday, «nd found four Chinese gambling "hells " in full swing; and a number of young- Victorians passing in and out with (all the freedom of old habitues. This is a subject which requires very prompt and vigorous treatment on the part of the Government. The unfortnnate man Donogfme, who was in jured at toe Benalla railway accident, died at the Alfred Hospital on Thursday evening. At toe recent matricnlaton exa&n; fsa the Aot\ 13 candidates passed in Greek out ot M, the number entered for 122 passed out of 169 ; in French, 69 out of 168 , in EnSSb, 237 out of 2S7 ; m snfhmeric, li4 out of 289 ; in algebra, 96 out of 261 ; In Euclid, 118 out of 228; in history, 80 out 85; and in geography, 158 outof 220-whenoeiti.tobefound that, while only about 4 out of eraty 10 patoed in history, Greek, and French, /or«otHtf every 10 passed in Latin, English, and geography. There is a great deal of sickness in Camperdown and it is said that there area! present two or three well -mhr"t'"'t"1 cases of scarlatina or scarlet feTer- . , Tbe proportion of deathi (y> M compared with-the births registered m Melbourne and toe suburbs during the week ending 20th March, was of a more favorable character, the births being 159 and the deaths 122. The Age understands that at the present time upwards of 3,000,000 acres of land have been implied for in Biverina under toe conditional pur chase system. If all these applications are assented to (adds our contemporary), the drain of money from Victoria into toe TraiBUiy of New South "Wales will be larger than ever— inasmuch as all toe capital devoted to land purchases in Biverina comes from this side of toe Murray. Mr Philip Phillips, the Singing Pilgrim, is to give his first " Evening of Sacred Song" ip Wesley Church, Lensdale street, to-morrow evening. . A woman named Ann Larkin left her home, South street, Fitzroy. on toe 13to instant, and has not "nee (says the Age) been heard of. She was not qnite in her right mind, and fears are enter tained for her safety. She is thirty-seven years of age. A suit in equity, that is likely to create some little work for toe lawyers, . is pending (says the Beadigo Advertiser), and will come on for hearing hr Melbourne before long. A share in a rich claim is the prize. Mr John l'earce claims a fifth share in toe York and Durham Company's mine, and Mr J. W. Williams and the Bank of Victoria are the defendants. The particulars of the case will probably come out before tbe court ; but the chief point has reference to a claim on the share in the wime, which was gi ven as security for an advance of £800. . ... . The railway survey party (says the Bacchus Marsh Express) now stationed near Bsllan, on toe Ingliston road, have secured a practicable line into Ballan from Daylesford, and it is believed they are now connecting this line with toe surveys made through the Ironbftrk forest and down toe racecourse plains to Parwan and on to Melbourne through Messrs Staughton's land. The Wimmera correspondent of the Pleasant Creek Noes iwrites.: — " On the Kcbardson and Wimmera the cry is ' Wanted, more rain !' The last rain-fall has vanished ' like a snow-flake in a river,' bnt, differently, tbe beat has dried up toe dams and water-holes. Like unto toe plsgues of Egypt, the late rains have hatched and brought forth myriads of young locusts, which, both in a winged and un winged state, have cut down both old and young grass, so that the last state is worse than toe former. The famine now is want of both feed and water. On selections and stations where overstocking was toe rule; horses, cattle, and sheep are in a deplorable state." The chief inspector of mines is now preparing an elaborate report on the working of toe Regula tion of Mines Statute 1873 daring toe past year. In it (says toe Telegraph) will be embodied a list of the mining accidents which have occurred, and toe analytical tables of the list. Tbe report will con tain the result of conferences held with mining managers on the goldfields, snd toe reports of the local inspectors of mines. Much, improvement is perceptible in toe management of the mines since the coming into force of the act with regard to the security of the workmen. According to the WaBtaBa Chrtmide, Mr F. L- - Smyth has been appointed a police magistrate. The report, however, needs confirmation. " Tile few warm days lately experienced appear," says toe Geebmg Advertiser, to have led to a fresh accession of bush-fires In some parts of the dis trict. On Friday large volumes of smoke could be witnessed from the Colac road, ascending from portions of the Cape Otway Forest, in the direction of Jan Juc. There appeared to be three distinct bush fires, but none cS them were of alarming- ex tent, and, as the weather was calm, the danger of their spreading was pleasantly remote." The Pleasant Creek News sa ya that " a bosh- fire broke oat near the foot of the north point of the Black Ranges on Friday afternoon, and daring the even ing proceeded southward very rapidly. The flames were plainly visible from the towtL and appeared to be carrying all before them." The Australian Israelite says there Is reason to believe that the Bev. A F. Orosteto, late pastor of tbe Bourke Street Synagogue, as likely to receive the appointment to thevacanty occasioned by the resignation of the Ber. Dr Vadader, of the Thirty- fourth Street Synagogue, New York. As an Instance (remarks the Ben&go; Advertiser) of how capital is diverted from mining in this dis trict, bringing about the present depression, the folio wing occurrence is related. A broker of un doubted integrity was instructed ample of days ago by a Melbourne client to purchase largely in a certain dividend-paying mine.. The broker opened up negotiations with a dealer whose connection with the management of the company enabled him to guess the name of the principal in tbe trans action. The dealer posted to Melbourne to try and complete the business on his own account, and thus evade the broker's commission, which he would otherwise have had to pay. But though the dealer was practising sharply, the investor saw through the meanness of his tactics, and, itis said, acting on convictions of his own as to how busi ness should be carried on, withdrew his order and kept his money in his pocket, and the apeculator is left Lamenting with his scrip, "a sadder and a wiser man." 