LOCAL NEWS. RESERVES.—The Gazette of Tuesday, January 5 contains particulars of a number of fresh reserves which have been declared. TENDERS FOR MAIL SERVICES.—In the Gazette of Tuesday, January 5, a number of tenders for mail services are called for. BUSH FIRES ON LIVERPOOL PLAINS.—The Tam- worth News of Tuesday says:—Of the fires raging in all directions, and desolating the length and breadth of the district, fully one half may be attri- buted to either carelessness or spite. On the Gwydir and Big River, on the plains between Barraba and Warialda, and Moree, bush fires have completely swept the face of the ground of all herbage, in some cases causing great personal inconvenience and even danger to dwellers in the fired country. A selector living about five miles from Barraba, on Mr. Thos. Hoskisson's station, narrowly escaped having his hut burnt down on Saturday last. The hut was surrounded with grass from three to four feet high, which is supposed to have been set on fire by a certain suspected person, and it would have been burnt to the ground only for the efforts of Mr. Davis, of Gravesend, and Mr. Short of Tamworth, who happened to come along at the time. These gentlemen set to work with a will to help a poor woman and her two babes who were occupying the hut, and were afterwards reinforced by the woman's husband, who had been away during the morning; but their united efforts probably would not have saved the hut, had not the wind suddenly changed and blown the flames backwards. But for the fortunate accident that Messrs. Davis and Short came up, it is believed that the poor woman (who was doing her best to beat down the burning grass), and her two little ones would have had the greatest difficulty in escaping destruction.—Not far from the same place a traveller narrowly escaped serious injury. The man, named George Perkins, camped at midday, and fell asleep for a couple of hours. Being a very sound sleeper he did not hear the crackling of the burning grass ignited by his camp fire, and only awoke when his shirt sleeve took fire. He had the presence of mind to roll himself up in his blanket, and so quench his burning clothes, but his arm was severely scorched. Before he could re- move his saddle, one of the flaps was charred. PARISH ROAD OPENED.—The following parish road has been formally marked and opened by the proper officer: Road from Raymond Terrace to Hinton punt, with a branch to wharf on the Paterson River, with the exception of a portion on each side of the creek, through part of John Eales' land, now occu- pied by William Shannon and John Koan, in the county of Durham.—Gazette, Jan. 5. NEW POST OFFICES.—The following new post offices are notified in the Gazette of Tuesday, as having been established : At Quipolly, between Quirindi and Breeza ; at Tenandra, near Warren ; at the Upper Myall river ; at Anvil Creek, Great North- ern Railway line ; at Catherine Hill Bay, near Coor- anbong ; at New Pipeclay, between Mudgee and Home Rule ; at Bundella, between Yarraman and Tambar Springs. The post office at Collarenebri, between Walgett and Mogil Mogil, is to be re-estab- lished on the 15th January. CALDER HOUSE SCHOOL, REDFERN.—The annual distribution of prizes took place a short time ago. The headmaster having read the prize list, and pointed out the result of the past year's work, Canon Stephen proceeded to deliver the prizes to the successful candidates. He stated that six months ago he had the pleasure of distributing field trophies; it gave him still gave him greater pleasure to present prizes which represented honor- able emulation in the schoolroom. He congratulated Dr. Sly on the position of the school and the success of the boys at the University examinations. He was glad to hear that the boys had been successful in every cricket match of the season. He would exhort them to use earnestly the opportunities they enjoyed at the school, and which he believed were second to none, and to consider their duties towards God and towards their parents. He thought highly of the formation of a library and a literary and debating society.—Correspondent. LOCAL STOCK MOVEMENTS.—The stock move- ments at Jerry's Plains, for the week ending on 4th January, have been as follows:—29th December, 200 fat cattle, from Baerami to Sydney ; owner, Mr. Thomas Hungerford; in charge of Mr. W. Parker. 30th, 190 fat cattle, from Boondoo to Maitland; owner, Mr. D. Mackay ; in charge of Mr. M. Neil. 31st, 199 fat cattle, from Boorooma to Sydney; owners Messrs. Mein ; in charge of Mr. Jas. Flaherty. 1st January, 150 fat cattle, from Woodlands to Sydney ; owner, Mr. Henry White ; in charge of Mr. George Hopkins.—Singleton Argus. "SECULAR EDUCATION AND CHRISTIAN CIVILI- ZATION." - We have received from the author, a pamphlet bearing the above title, in which he argues, with great force, and much research, and patience, the view taken by those who regard reli- gion as an essential part of education. The sum- mary of his principal contention may be thus briefly stated : Secularists—or those who advocate secular education—are themselves a sect, advocating a dogma, and their own argument tells against them therefore when they refuse to religious sects that assistance in giving their children primary education which they demand for themselves. There are some eloquent passages in that portion of the book which deals more particularly with the religious phase of the matter. The author is the Rev. Father O'Malley, of Melbourne. RAINS IN NORTHERN QUEENSLAND.—They must have had bountiful rains in Northern Queensland re- cently. A Copperfield paper (Peak Downs) has the two following paragraphs :—" The Country : Which- ever way you go the country looks most lovely and green. The stony ridges, which only a few weeks back presented a dry bare appearance, are now clothed with a verdure seldom seen, there being abundance both of grass and water to carry stock owners over the remainder of the summer."— " Wool : At noon, yesterday, five teams passed through the town with over one hundred bales of wool from Bowen Downs for Broadsound, also one team from Craven. The driver of the latter team reports four or five more teams on the road from the same station, also that the roads have been very bad, but are drying up fast now that fine weather has again appeared." THE CROPS.—Rain is badly wanted just now to give the growing crops a start. At present, vegeta- tion is at a standstill for the want of moisture in the soil, which seems to have been completely absorbed by the growing crops. The maize crops that were sown early are in a forward condition, and look thriving, considering the want of rain ; but those sown late are sickly-looking and stunted. The yield of maize this season would be a prolific one if we were favored with an occasional shower of rain, but the absence of this desideratum must affect the sup- ply materially. There are also some fair crops of lucerne in the district, and hay-making is being pushed forward with vigor—our growers being evi- dently anxious to make hay while the sun shines. A thunderstorm threatened on Tuesday afternoon, but only a few drops of rain fell. Tuesday and yesterday were insufferably hot days, and it is predicted by the weatherwise that rain cannot be far off. 