An important public work was consnm- mated yesterday by the opening of the rail way line direct through from Ballarat to Maryborough. It seems but the other day, so rapidly does time travel, that bullocks were toneine awav at their iron vokes to sripply the inhabitants of Creswick, Clones, Talbot, and Maryborough with, the necessaries of life, and with the imple ments requisite to the successful prosecu tion of mining operations. It was thought a smart trip bad been made between Bal larat and Talbot if the distance, in those times, was bridged in a couple of days, and plenty of instances have come under our notice where the journey exceeded a week. There were no macadamised or metalled Jroads or friendly bridges then. The track was as uneven as a dromedary's back, and almost as dangerous to life and limb. Since that time local government has toned down those angularities to traffic, and made the path smoother to the coach and the team ster ; but not nntil the last two or three years has a trip from Ballarat to Creswick, 'Clones, Talbot, or Maryborough been shorn of its vexations and divested of its dangers. What a change was presented to the pas senger yesterday! A comparatively few snorts of the iron horse, and the tra veler saw Creswick ; a few more, and Clones was reached; another little effort, and Talbot was overtaken, and hardly had one time to bid adieo to the neat, progressive, and picturesque town which owes its baptism to Sir Hekbt Basely, before the engine woke np the -echoes in the ranges by announcing its arrival at Maryborough. A little over two hours, in short, sufficed to complete a journey, which only a few years back was regarded as a bard day's work: to the horseman, and satisfactorily accomplished by tbe teamster if bridged in a few hours over double that time. Other re flections, however, were inspired by yesterday's trip. Twelve or thirteen years ago earnest champions came forward in the press to demand railway communica tion between the semi-circle of towns, one point of which rests upon Ballarat and the other upon Castlemaine. The Talbot Leader was the first to sound the tocsin in favor of Ballarat, and the Maryborough Advertiser subsequently did equal service in ringing the praises of Oastiematne as the starting point for the proposed extension, both papers agreeing that Maryborough ought to be the terminus. The battle was really a tough one, and .was . fought out with no stint of exertion by both sides. The Talbot paper threvr all its energies into the work, and by facts, figures, and argu ments often left its antagonist in a sorry plight for a reply, though nothing could daunt the Maryborough organ, or weaken its attachment for what was then more generally and enphuistically known as 'file Great Centre. For years . these two papers continued the straggle, and public opinion, which -was slow at first to grapple which was the. best of the rival routes, ultimately and unanimously, outside of Maryborough, gave in its adhesion to the 'route from Ballarat in preference to that from- Castlemaine. At thm stage of the contest Mr GlLLIES was elected for Maryborough, and political motives cut short the controversy by adopting both routes, so that neither paper could claim to have secured a victory over its opponent. By the adoption of . the two routes railway communication is now opened up from Mel bourne to all the -more important goldfields "towns in this colony. A passenger from Ballarat car find his way by rail to Bendigo, or even Echnca, without travelling to Mel bourne; and a visitor from Ballarat or Castle maine can easily secure a landing place in this town without the necessity of including the metropolis in his j ouraey . An important work was thus consummated yesterday, and one which cannot fail to be productive of great benefits to the people of this colony,- by reason of the numerous towns which it connects with Ballarat and the seaboard, andby the great facilities which it supplies to the traffic of a large aggregation of Vic torian colonists. A national work of this interesting character being now completed, the. public is entitled to have the full benefit of it; but this will not be obtained until a great change is made in the present time table. It is insinuated that Mr GlLLIES is concentrat ing all his . efforts upon popularising the route from Maryborough to Melbourne via Gastiemaine, instead of leaving travellers in and around the former neighborhood to give the preference to Ballarat. We don't know, how far this . insinuation is justifiable, but certainly the time table now in force goes a long way to warrant its expression. A resident of Talbot can journey to' Mel bourne and 'back, by way of -Castiemaine, < the same day ; but he cannot do the same Sf he elects to travel by the Ballarat ronte. In this case he can get "through, but he cannot return nntil the following day. The effect of - all this is most detri mental to Ballarat, and a state of things Which Mr GlLLIES may just as well at once understand will -not be borne with by the people who are interested in it. Railway extension, instead of benefiting Creswick, had positively placed it in a worse plight qntil last -night, owing to the blundering or prejudice, or something worse, of the depart ment ; and the travellers yesterday could not fail to see .that theitiaffic, Which should find its way by Batlaraifrdm ulnnes, was being diverted by Maryborough and Castlemaine, Owing to the absurd time table winch has beendfawh tip fortheline in this direction, and which we critically dissected last Saturday morning. This sort of thing will have to be altered, at / pnee, and we submit it is the duty of our local councils, and of the Railway Reform As- sociation, to show by their indignation and energy that such disgraceful treat ment to Ballarat, and the towns com mercially and otherwise associated with it, wQl not be borne with by an outraged people. Ballarat is the second city in the colony, and; as such, is deserving of serious consideration and friendly iassistance from the Government. How far it receives this treatment may be gathered from the fact that there Is only one retxtra fatain "between5 Ballarat and Maryborough a day— and that only affords about a' two bonrs' stay in the latter town— while hetween Mary borough and this- town ,there is .no retnrn train -at all-!- The -towns connected with Ballarat on the ronte between here and Maryborough are also important centres of popnlation, and, as such, are not to be snnbbed with impnnity by. Mr GlLLIES and- the hangers-on to his ' skirts in " the Railway. Department, in the manner which is now shown by its regulations. Mr Gillies must" therefore find some other method to propitiate his Mary borough friends than at the expense of Ballarat; ,for the -people of this town, and the residents of Creswick, Clunes, and Talbot, will not submit to be made a cats- paw of by him, in order that he may keep on the best of terms with his constituents. The railway opened yesterday is one fraught with great importance to oar fotare ; and we assume therefore that Ballarat, through its local bodies, will take ample care that it is not twisted to its disadvantage, when it ought- to be utilised for its "benefit, and to stimulate its progression. A requisition has been presented to the mayor of Talbot to convene a meeting to consider the time table for the - Ballarat and Maryborough Railway. The mayor has responded by cailliDg th|_ meeting for this evening. The Talbot L&mer;, Clones Guardian and Crestcick Adver tiser unanimously and thoroughly- condemn Mr Gillies' senseless arrangements for thin line. The Leader winds up its denunciation as follows; — " We fail to see why those of the inhabitants of this town and district whose business lies more directly "with Ballarat should be compelled to reach Talbot at night, via Castlemaine andMaiyborongh ; andgpe claim, in the interests both of Talbot and Maryborough, that the latter town be in feet as well as name the terminus of the Ballarat to Maryborough Railway." It is worthy of note that, despite the favorable manner in which the time table appears .to operate for Maryborough, the j/atyfioroia Standard of yesterday is as vigorous in its complaints as all j the papers published from ' Ballarat to "Talbot, bur contemporary says " Had a convention of lunatics been held, to devise a time table, we doubt whether they could have . framed such absurd arrangements as those put for ward by the department." It seems that Melbourne fe at length about to initiate a subscription in aid of tbe sufferers by the recent bush- fires. The Telegraph understands that " during Monday a movement was initiated to raise a fund for the purpose of relieving the suf ferers by tbe recent bnsh-fires. It isjhonght that though the su&erers; are at a distance from the metropolis, they have a claim upon the colony generally, and that if anything is to be done to assist them, Melbourne is the proper place in which to take the preliminary steps. No definite course of action has been, decided upon, but it is probable a memorial will be' presented to his worship the mayor, ashing him to convene "a meeting of gentlemen to consider the subject." The Argus says that " preliminary steps have been taken to get up a requisition to the mayor, waving him to call a meeting for the . pnrpese of -raising funds for the relief of the sufferers by the receat bush-fires in the country." On after to-day an extra train is to leave Clones for Ballarat at 9.30 a.m., and Ballarat for Clunes at 10.50 a_in. . .... The monster picme from Talbot, which was to have taken place to Ballarat, is now to go on to GeeloBg. The date fixed is tbe I9th instant, and it is estimated that in all there will be 3000 tra vellers, 2000 of whom will be children. Each train ; will stop at the Ballarat "West station for ten minutes, going and coming. It is estimated that six trains will be required to convey the party. It is reported that the Borough Council of Craigie has voted j£25 towards the expenses. We commend the example of the Misses HqgUn, of Melbourne, to all persons who, like it " wish, by promoting scientific and technical knowledge in mining, to retrieve tbe mining industry in colony from its present failing and depressed state." These ladies have again given £50 to the School of Mines, Ballarat, " so deserving of sup- ' port," having requested Mr Bossies, j.r_, of Wal- bslla, one of -the school's examiners, to apply that sum on their account in aid of the schooL The money will probably be placed to the pyrites fund. The Maryborough Standard was informed on Saturday, but cannot credit it, that the Lothair tributors at Clunes intend applying to the Minister of Mines to cancel the company's lease, with a view of enabling the tributors to make arrange ments for tbe use of machinery at a lower rate than that pud to the company. The pleas put forward are somewhat similar to those advanced by the. Alma tribute parties.. The golden rating trophy to be won to-morrow at the gi-elong meeting is now on view in Mr Sleep's window, in Lydiard street. It is a very handsome gold enp, designed and manufactured by Mr Ffecber, of Geelnng. It stands about 14 inches highor, mounted on its ebony pedestal, fully 18 inches. The bowl is ornamented with fes- ' toons of vine leaves, and clusters <3 grapes are pen dent from the handles, belpw which droop gracefully fronds of the fern, and which are also adorned with two spirited golden steeds. The cover on top is ornamented with laurel wreaths, above which floats a .streamer; indicative, we presume,.of the noted "blue 'riband." On die front of the bowl ' are cut, In basso nBceo. the words "Gedong Gold Cup, 1875." The trophy is very handsome, and, as a piece of colonial workmanship, reflects great credit upon the maker. The following are the- registrar's returns of births and deaths in Ballarat East for "the month' just closed ; — Births, January, 1875 — 31 for cor responding period -last year, 38. Number of deaths, January, 1875 — Under one year, 18. Causes of death : Measles, 7 ; diarrhcea, 2 ; .gastro-enteritis, 2 ; enteritis, 2; mnco-enteritfe, 1 ; dysentery, 2 ; pneumonia, i; congestion of brain, 1. — Over one and under two years, 18. Causes of death : Measles, 9 : enteritis, 2 ; gastro-enteritis, 2 ; pneu monia, 2; diarrhoea, 1 ; dysentery, 1.; congestion of the braitl, 1.— Over two and under three years, 4\. Causes of -death: Meaales, 2; bronchitis, 1; jaundice, 1. — Over three and under fonr years, 7. Causes of death : Measles, 5 ; dysentery, 1 ; scar latina, 1. — Over four and under five years, 2. Causes of death : Measles, 1 ; diphtheria, 1.— Over five and under six years, l Cauae of death: Gastro-enteritis. — Ova six and under seven years, 1\. Cause of death Measles. — Over seven years, 15\. Causes of death : Measles; 6; phthisis, 2 ; old age, 1 ; erysipelas, 1 ; peritonitis, 1 ; asthma, 1 ; congestion of brain, 1 ; dysentery, 1 ; meningitis, 1\. Total. 86. It will be seen that 31 deaths are returned as caused by measles. da nearly all the cases of dysentery, di.-irrb(ea, congestion of brain, ani enteritis, these complaints followed imme diately upon an attack of measles. The number of deaths in January, 1874, amounted to a total of 26 only. An inquest was held yesterday on the body of the child Eliza Carney, who was bnrned eerody at Egertonon the 31st through- ber clothes catching -fire. The jury returned a verdict that death was caused by effusion on the brain, super vening on the extensile burns sustained. - We understand that a movement is on foot to hold a joint picnic of the licensed victuallers of Ballarat and Geelong, at tbe latter place. a meet- ingwiil be held next Friday for the purpose of making the necessaty arrangements. . : c Mr Totmg(foVn surveyor) "and Sergeant liiirer (inspector. of nnfeanceO'yestepday made an inspec tion of tire Tariowee Channel, with a new of dis covering whether there was any truth in the state ments that offal was being deposited in the channel. They found that the practise was bring regularly carried on ; and notices were promptly served on the offendos. it was also ascertained that a pub lican living on tile banks was in the habit of flush ing the contests at his outhouses into the Re, too, was served with a notice. a cricket match win be played an the Eastern " Oval to-day between sides chosen from tbe legal and Jay -members of the Brdlarat Club. Mr Trench will probably captain the legal team ; and tbe luncheon at which the players wrl meet, in the Pavilion, will be no unimportant part of the day's proceedings, as we understand it?is to be of the- most rdekerthi character, and that ladles will ha' present at the -table. -- — - - — - - The foffowjngliTVi fKp , latest parricalsrg of the betting market in - connection with tbe Geelong Races, as published by tbe if eroii -— Haricot conr tinoes in prime favor for the Geriong Gold Cup, and Woliamai shares the second boons with Mel bourne. The following aire" the latest odds;— Geehmg Cup— 400 to 40 Haricot, 100 to 20 M«4-" bourne, 100 to so Wollamsi, loo to 17 Luriine, 100 to 15 xopidfe, l» klojmfehummohr, 100 1 to 10 King Toml' Cnp and Handicap— 100 to 4 Haricot and Haricot; 100 to 4 Harioot and Cala- bsr 100 'to h Melbourne and Calabar, 100 to 3 Melbourne ano' Maid of Avenri. .Hurdlavand Cop 100 to 10 an< Hancot,100 to 5 Welshman and mdt.nrne: 100 t0 5 Native and Haricot. At Christ Church Testiy last evening, a very pleasant gathering took -place of the lady teachers Of the Sunday school, who to testify their ap preciation of tbe services of Mr Bradbury, their late superintendent, "presented that gentlefoan, through the Rev. Mr Potter, with a handsome silver teapot- In making the presentation; Mr Potter referred in. comraendatoty- -terms to Mr Bradbury's long and creditable connection with the school, which he joined as a scholar 1857, and has been for some years superintendent, but has recently resigned that position. The gift was suitably and feelingly acknowledged. The quarterly change of chairs ' Of the Ballarat East Lodge; lo.g.t., took' place last evening at the lodge room, Barkly street, when the following officers were duly .installed, viz.: — w.c.t., Br King ; w.v.t, Br Brogden ; w.s., Br Odgers ; w.f.s_ Br Barrett; w.t_ Br Gomm; w.c., Br Qnarrell : w.m- Br Johns : w.i.g-, Br Evans ; j).m.. Br Goddard : . w.ilh.s., Sr Fnrlong; W.L.H.S, Sr Lythgow; W.A.S., Br Lowe— Br Kent, L.D.., being the installing officer, assisted by Br Boyd, D.D.., as G.S., and Br Seears as G.M. This lodge is making fair progress, two candidates being initiated last evening, and seven propositions for membership. , Our Butrinyong correspondent wrote last night : — "a very extensive bush-tire if raging Bome miles west of Bnninyong, and another one has broken out In the direction of Mount Mercer. At the time i write, eleven p.m., the whole atmosphere is lighted up with the several conflagrations." The City fire-bell gave a single note of warning yesterday afternoon. it is presumed that some one was alarmed by the reflection of a bush-fire that was burning in the direction of Smythes- dale. All Mr Fisher's horses were scratched on Monday for their engagements at Geelong. In another column will be found a report of the annual meeting of snbscribers to the Ballarat Free Library, held yesterday. There was a very short sitting of the City Court yesterday ; tbe business, which consisted of disposing of a few debt cases, beiog concluded in little more than a quarter iff an hour. — At the Town Court three drunkards were dealt with, two of whom were mulcted in 40s each, or seven days' imprisonment in default of discharge of the fine. Two women, Anne Moss and Winifred MTuerney, who were arrested daring tbe morning for drunken ness, were pnt into the same cell, where they quarrelled and fought — one" of "them getting a severe cut in tbe face, apparently by a falL Professor Liversedge, professor of chemistry, mineralogy, and geology, of the Sydney Univer sity, expressed himself mnch pleased with bis in spection yesterday of the School of Mines, "that gentleman having visted Ballarat for the express pprpose of seeing our institution. a large bosh-fire broke out in Dr Jordan's pad dock, near Bmythesdale, -yesterday. The Smythes- dale Fire Brigide turned out, and by the aid of the inhabitants succeeded -at length in putting it out, but not before the house of a widow had had several narrow escapes from bring consumed. The staircases, "' passages, end anterooms of the Mechanics' Institute are now undergoing thorough renovation ; and alterations are being made for 'toe purpose of enlarging the smoking and conversation room; as well as the ladies' reading-room, which will be removed from. .the library to the floor below. "Wehave been asked by me vail man- ben to suggest that while the . alterations are in progress some better means should be provided of thoroughly ventilating the news-room, which is unpleasantly close and stuffy, even in cool weather. Perhaps louvre panes in the windows would be a cheap and efficient mode of ventilating the room. However, Mr James, if appealed to, would no donbt make the matter pretty easy of accomplish ment. Edward j. Rogers, who was burnt by the ex plosion of a cask at Mr Hamilton's, a few weeks ago, has sent £5 to Mr Eyres, the treasurer, as a donation to the Hospital, of which be has bin an inmate since the accident. On Thursday evening, the Meriianics' Institute will be reopened with promenade concerts, in con junction with a sale of gifts and ladies' work, in aid of the building fond and library of Christ Church Schools. a great number of articles have been donated, all of which most be sold, and as they are marked at very low prices, the oppor tunity of securing really useful and ornamental goods at a nominal price should induce every visitor to purchase, and thus help the committee to clear off the debt on the building, and add a number of books to the library. a first-class band -baa been engaged, and will discourse tbe latest music of the day. Mr Summers cales' useful monthly guidebook and railway time-table for February is received. The enquiry into the cause of the fire by which the goods-shed at the Avenel railway station on the North- Eastern line was destroyed by fire, tbe other day, has resulted (says tbe Telegraph ), as was expected, in a verdict of " spontan eous combus tion." The jury who investigated the case added a rider, to their verdict, recommending that an underground tank should be placed in the station, so as to afford a supply of water in the fntnre, and that a night watchman should be employed on the : premises ; also, that the stores and lamps should be kept in a separate shed. Matters io connection with the Labor Bureau are progressing satisfactorily, and everything (says the Age) will be in working order by about the middle of next week. Over 100 applications for the appointment of manager were received on Monday at the office of immigration and dis tilleries. Onr readers will remember (remarks the Tele graph) that, some months since, the Steam Naviga tion Board of tins colony cancelled the certificate of Captain Edgar, master of the ship Oakworth, for having been guilty of inhumanity in running down a fishing smack off the coast of Ireland while on his voyage to' this port, and neglecting to take any steps for the rescue of the crew of the fishing boat. By the last mail the board received information that the Board of Trade in England had confirmed the decision, and refused to retnrn Edgar bis certificate. Mr James Hay, Shepparton, has a daughter whose courage (says the Toolamba Telegraph) is well worthy of notice. Although a' mere child, . nine years old, she on Thursday exhibited an amount of pluck that many a man is short of. She, with a younger sister, was on the punt, when the tittle one fell off into the river. Although she could not swim, no hesitation prevailed — not a moment was lost, and in this girl jumped to the rescue. Happily the punt was at the river's edge, and the water not more than neck deep. The ob- - ject was gallantly accomplished, and this brave little nine-year-old had saved life for the second rime. Dr mGsuran, it "has been derided, shall cease to be connected with the. Government service. Tbe board appointed to enquire into bis conduct in re- gard to Gunner Dagwell's death acquitted him, bat (says the Age) the Government have decided to abolish his office, granting him compensation. Beplies have not yet been received from all the gentlemen asked to act upon tbe Friendly So cieties Commission, and pending the receipt of such nothing can be done by the Government. It is rumored (says the age) that Mr Winter intends to resign his position as secretary of the St. Patrick's Society, with the view -of being appointed secretary to the commission. The Age says' that a telegram was received by the Government from London on Monday, stating that arguments : -had beat concluded in the Mount and Morris case, and that the court had reserved judgment. the case was fully argued on both sides, so that the judgment of the court when given will set at rest conclusively a print that was of political as well as legal importance. a well-attended meeting of tbe Geehmg Sea bathing Company's swimming match committee was held on Monday evening, and a liberal pro gramme was finally submitted and approved of. It was intimated (says the Advertiser) that several special prizes had been contributed by tbe leading jewel! era and other tradesmen in town. Mr Bippon was appointed handicapper in the champion swimming match. Mr j. Scott captain, Mr w. t. Morris starter, Mr g. e. Green treasurer, and Mr j. m. Anderson hon. secretary. The Ileraldlenms on good authority that a num ber of ttneigned bank notes have- got into circula- tion. It is announced (says the Herald) that a popu lar American actor, who has struck oil to-a consi derable extent since his arrival in Victoria, baa bare served with a writ by an equally weH-knowvi actress and dramatic authoress, the ground of complaint being that the actor refused to accept a piece written by the lady to bfe- order.' Ploughing -operations have already (says the M. A. Ma3) commenced in. the neighborhood of Newatead. Tbe ground in exceedingly hard, but tbe opportunity for early operations before tbe raio sets in is too fine to be lost. In. another week sr so ploughing will becomegeneai- a Cabinet meeting urns held on" Monday, at which all tbe members of the Ministry were pre sent, "except the Commaaaraner of Railways, who has not y« returned from Tasmania- The despnirii received from the. Secretary of State for the Colonies, relating to the application for a joint con tribution from the several Australian colonies towards the maintainance of the .Government <£ Fiji, camenndec review. "The Government (says the Telegraphy are at a loss to understand span "what grounds- the application was made;, as the revenues of Fiji are jmderEtood to be amply suffi. . required expenditure. Without aent to defray »- -r tj,e motive which induced a proper conception u. wales to submit the Government of -nefr. jt was not to "be the proposition to EartCsn(»l ,d be bj expected that any other step return a the Government of this cslany yea- courteous answer to the going maiL ' - _ . , __ The bush-fires (says t heM. vailed in the neighborhood Save been very destruc In Greffl-ghy, audtbence toffendon, the farmers fratelost several mffiwof to© ,, Sergerat Toohey Trooper ijcyd amrea » town on Monday (says the Gtehng £%?> with the three men who bad betrareportedaslxang in a dying state in-a hut in the forest. _They ar rived with the_pplice. waggonette at the hut whmh the men occupied about twelve o clock on sunday night. The place was situate on Gundrys ran, ra the Ironbark Forest, near the past, and about twenty miles from Geelong. One of the men, William Gilmore, a wood-carter, aged twenty-tow, had been laid up for right days. Tbe other two, who are brothers (named Thomas and James m'Kenzie, aged twenty-two and twenty-fonr re spectively ),sre bullock-drivers, and havnlatdybeen employed drawing logs for the railway bridge at the Breakwater. They were taken suddenly ill on their arrival m the forest after deli vering their logs four days ago. There was pfenty -of provisions and water in the hut, but the men were so completely prostrated with sickness as to be qnite nnabte to attend to each other. On Saturday afternoon a son of Mr Cunningham, storekeeper at Jan Juc, was in the vicinity of the hut looking for a horse, when they cooeyed to him. They were afterwards visited by bis father, who proceeded to town and reported the condition of the unfortnnate.men to thepolice. On the arrival of the latter they fouDd Gilmore on s stretcher, and the m'Henzies on the floor of the hut. They appeared to be suffering -from fever, and were under the impression that they would die. After their admission to the hospital they woe found to be suffering from a severe attack of measles, and they were placed in the fever ward. Under the directions of the superintendent, tbe police ambulance was after wards thoroughly disinfected by tbe copious appli cation of a powerful jet of Stony Creek water. a barmaid and baby show combined is talked of at Sandhurst. The United States Minstrels are announced to appear at tbe Mechanics next Monday evening. 