TABLE TALK. H.M.S. PEARL.-The Mayor and Townl Clerk made an official call upon Commodore Goodenough yesterday afternoon, and were very courteously received by the Commodore and officers. The Mayor requested the pleanure of the collpany of the Cnmmnodore and officers of the Peari. to lutch, but, in cousequenle of the short ,t y of the ship in pt't, the illvitation aculd not be accept. d. Curni.odore C.ooidelo b, at the request . Le Mayor, threw the noble llhip open .or inspec ion :. lkmg as she remains in. our bay, which is not likely to extend, over this, day. We would therefore strongly recoummend. all thu. e who would like to see a fine- ship 'if war in splendid, trim to- lose n, time ill getting on. board. Boats are avail able at the jetty, Tnie " PEARLL" BA?D.-WO have authority for stating that it is probble the baud of H.1..S. Pearl will" be permlitted to, perforum at the oric:luet ground, at the Botanic'Gardens, from four to six o'clock this afternoon. This unexpected.pleasure will,. no boubt, be appreciated,.espocially by the ' dies of Purtlaud. 13Aolretosa' BALD -The Commnuodore aid ollicers of Ii.M.S. Pearl have most auspiciously dropped intle our bay,. anud have nccepted the invitiion of the bachelors of P.ortland to the ball. at Mac's Hbtel'to-night. We feel sure that the ladies will greatly appreciate the thoughtfulnuss of their ' obelor friend., in thus providing for their increased. pleasure. I.M.S. P'AntL.-Yes'nrday itmorniog lI.1M.5. Pearl, ship of war, cast anchor ill our bay, the second of the. kind, so far as we are aware, that has over made appearance here. T'he P'earl is :e splendid ship, and tht lticers ar,d crew, all hands told, numlber, we leear, 280. This umouarch of the deep carries 17 guns, Arrutrollg converted, andt what arc termed 61 poun lers, and when her guns ,lnd blue jackets are considered our town would have but a poor showr were her intentions hostile instead of 1C protective. This day the vessel is open a to the public from 10 to 6, and no at person that can afford the time should omit the opportunity of inspecting one of those floating citadels, to which are intrusted the honor of England and the protection of her colonies. The Pearl, as the representative of a great nation, id is stately and grand as she should be, 15 and her appointments are all that could be desired. The vessel comes here from Sydney and is on her way to st Adelaide. Through the courtesy of one Y of the officers we are enabled to supply the following list of officers :-Commo dr ore, J. G. Goodenough; Secretary, Wykeham Perry; Commander, Alex. P. iHastings ; Lieutenants, 0. E. Reade, H. F. Hay, W. F. Carstake ; Stff Surgeon, Adam B. Messer; Surgeon, Alfred T. Corrie; Paymaster. W. Noble ; Chief Engineer, H. Williams ; Navigat ing Lieutenant, H. Hosken ; Chaplain, Rev. James Payton; Assistant.Pay \- master, J, P. Pearce; Sub-Lieutenants, W. Hawker; Scudamore Stanhope, James Brant, Andrew F. Duucan, E. Farie ; Midshipmen, Prince Lowenstein, \- H. E. Goldfinch, L. A. W. Barnes, H. R. P. Floyd, Douglas Gamble, "W. N. \- Mellor ; Navigating Midshipman, Henry Baker; Engineers, W. H. Betts, Jas. A. Cooke, Archibald Forrester, Edwin 0. Legh ; .- Warrant Officers, 'Henry Hawkins, Joseph Leech, James Kirk. Sr.anoN AiSD LscTURL.--.The well earned fame of the Rev John Reid, both as a preacher and lecturer, should seoure for him overflowing congtega lions at the Baptist Church on Sunday next, and a right good attendance on a Monday evening. All admirers of that which is pure, intellectual and good, should avail themselves of the opportunity of gratifying their taste. BUSH FIRE.-On Tuesday, the 19th, a fire that created considerable alarm and did much damage originated on the holding of Mr John Brown- ing, South Portland. The day was excessively hot and the fire ran speedily through Mr Edward Henty's paddock, burning about 30 chains of post rail and wire fence, despite all the exertions made by Messrs Poland, Couch, and Grey, to stop its destructive course. From Mr Henty's paddock it crossed to the holding of Mrs Gibson, now in occupation of Mr E. Reynolds, and in it short time the hut at the corner of the racecourse road, and all the fencing, post, rail, and paling, round a garden, and about five acres of ground was speedily consumed. The fire next passed from Mrs Gibson's allotment threatening Mr Bulstrode's house and grounds, which fortunately sustained but little damage through the great exer- tions of the men already named, and Messrs Bond, A. Keiller, Spiking, Sampson, B. Smith, Bennett, Bulstrode, Campbell, and Munro, who at this time had lent a willing hand to stop the fire. Mr. T. Bennett lost about 40 or 50 panels, and Mr. T. Must about 30. The whole damage done would probably amount to £200 or £250, and when the character of the day is considered there is reason to be thankful that the amount named would cover the cost. We learn that Mr Browning made all the effort in his power to stop the fire, but the wind was too powerful, and it was only finally conquered by meeting it with fire it an opposite direction. It is fortunate that all the persoas involved, with the excep- tion of Mrs Gibson, are well able to bear the loss, and it is probable that some effort will be made to make the widow's loss as light as possible, either by a general subscription or in some other effective way. In an advertise- ment in another column Mr. Bulstrode returns his most sincere thanks to the numerous kind friends whose exertions were, under God, the means of saving his property from destruction. The fire commenced about 9 a.m. and was only finally extinguished about 6 p.m.; at 5 o'clock the danger was over. PIILADELPHIA EXHIBITION - The Commissioners appointed to represent Victoria at the Philadelphia Exhibition, propose to hold a preliminary eoxhibi tion in Melbourne in. August next. The oo-operation of New South Wales and South Australia has been secued,. and negotialions are pending not only with the other Australian colonies,but with the Cape of Good Hope, ."iauri tius, Rounion, Ceylon, Java, Singapore, Holng Kni.3, Mauille, Jupan, Fiji, New Caledonia, Hlawtii, and l'Tahtiti. No Victorian exhlibits o?n he forwarded to Philadelphia, unless thtey Ihave been previously oexhibiled at Mleltotruo, but exhibits may be-sent in for exhibition at MIelboiine only. All enitries iiust be made by the 1st July, atd oxhlibits rmuet be itn Melbourne by the 15th July. Exhibits will be convoyed free by all the railways, anl by the steamers- at aiout half the usual- rates, and tho Cotmissioners will defray all expenses connece.d with- forwarding exhibite to Philaoelphia. ItiFLE ColaP/TITION. - Through tlhe liberality ot Francis Henty Esq,, the suim b of £8 bihs- been Ilaced in the haulse of (j.ptaila 1'ratg.mnar, to nctourage rifle I practice amongst the Portland etacbti- - meltt of tile \Western Artillery Corps, which at present numibers 1(01 members. The sum named is to be divided itto Ibur priz el .t4, £2, £1, amtnd £1f~ the latter sumn to be cozfiued to winers- of pirevious cups, but i, the event of the prior cup wiinters-out topping- tlhe score y ift the wsiner of the £4- prize the addi- el tional £1 sill be haided to the- highest 0 covr. ''There are to be three compe i- '' tions, Ilythe pocitio,, at the Govertnment t ranges of 160, 2O1), 250, antid 3t)0 yards, Is five sbuts at each range. ''o escourage u recruitse, and all those recently joined, the o comipettion is upopen to all.- Tite thanks of ii vlunteers, aad all those who take an interest iu the success of our citizca fe usoldiers are due to Mr itenty, aud' it is a net ijlprubhnble rist- the e.ample set ill m this case will befullowed by others Wee w imagine that the next prizes offered should have some reference to the band, d i where the progrars made. sinooce the. adlvent F of Mr Gallagheris oetainly dseerviug of m recouguitiou. If a suanm of money were p raised to be invested in musical inustro- w mnests, and, at a stated period or periode, the amateur showring thl, highle tu. pro- jn l`ciency ;atwardbd,a prize, it might be as fresh incentivt to Increased exertilluti.r Captain T'rangmar may be able to im- -n Sprove on this suggestion, but under any circumstances something ahould bb awarded to the Band. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST, - The death of the Rev James Yelverton Wilson, late incumbent and first Episcopal Minister of St. Stephen's Church, Portland, is announced in our telegram. Mr Wilson arrived in the colony on the 15th day of November, 1839, by the ship William Mitcalf, so that he was amongst the earliest colonists and most of his time was spent in Portland. At an early stage in the history of this town Mr Wilson took an active part in our Benevolent Asylum, and when funds were raised he designed the present building which was con- structed under his superintendance. Mr Wilson commenced his Portland ministry - preached his first sermon in what was called the old court house ; he subsequently held service in Mr Henty's barn, then in the wooden church in Percy-street afterwards known as St. Stephen's school, and finally in the St. Stephen's Church, Percy street, a substantial stone build- ing in the Gothic style, and which he occupied till he left for Melbourne some years ago. In matters of charity Mr Wilson was both active and energetic, and in case of sickness he was frequently called to minister the bodily wants of the sufferers as well as to discharge his own clerical functions. It was held probable that the remains of the deceased gentleman would be brought to Portland, and interred in the North Cemetery by the side of his wife, but this idea, if ever entertained by Portland relatives, has been aban- doned. SUDDEN DEATH. - An old man named Thomas Stollery, a boundary rider on Ettrick Station, died suddenly on Wednesday last. The cause of death is not yet known in the absence of the Coroner. 