NEWS AND NOTES. The stored of to Wednesday appears have been felt all over the colony, but we are happy to say that it was followed amost everywere by a more or less copious rinfall, it is to be hoped that the rain bad. tbefeffectftjf|extiugmshfng the numerous'bush fiffi® qrfejiofted. ijs .r* ' , ' N^p?> . 'On Thursday mbrning about half-past nine o’clock a serious accident occurred.nt the Prince o£ Wales Cpmpany’s-claim,--SebaBtopo}.—lt-seems^that- Thomas-! Gplding and,another man were desirous of ascending ilieshaft, aud Golding’s mate had gone into the cage, ,v7hen.Qnlding,_just„as_Jiß,.wa8 r ctappllig^ln^gay.e,ias. he states, the three , when jheu are to be hoistecl. Only two knocks,,however, were it seems heard on the top—tha signal for winding up dirt—and Golding, who was only partly in the cage [when-/it j started'; on struck against the framework Of the shaft, and was. tiirown put on the platform, sustaining severe injury on the.Kead aud .the' fracture of several ribsi; He was taken to the Hospital and promptly attended to. His injuries, though severe, are happily not such as to givp-vserious apprehension.r> -Gplding ,Is,j it seems, a? great favorite with, both the ...managet; and the then, and..deep sympathy ~is expressed' forithO.Sad^cident,., \- At an .adjourned rQce.ting.afc the Oity-haU on Thurs day evening of thß joint committees of the;lire brigade nioonlight. cohcertythere : \verO '- present" Councillors Williams _ (in the. chairj, 1 ' M‘Hpwall,, Capt. liovitt, Lieut! Steefc, :I Ho3e-ofHcer M’Millau,'‘and 'the him. secretary, Mr Craig. “The mayor was present also at tlie'opening df tlio meeting, 1 but had to retire' before the business was'proceeded-with. 11 ''Messrs Wil liams and Grmg'were'appointed'to proceed as'a depu tatlon.fra'm. the brigade, l with-Ja-deputa.tionvfrbm'ithe council, to wait on, the insurance; companies to solicit donations in aid of the funds of the brigade. The captain ahd’secfetary- of the'brigade were "empowered t 6 arrange for clerical-assistance'in- fconasetion with the concert. Councillor.,MtDowall, reported, that Mr Ivey would put his boat at the.service of theeommit tee.for.the.cpnpertj,-aud-rhand over.halt his takings to, the''funds. Mr Williams..j-epprted also that Mr Walker would place his boat at the service of the cpmmittee;:!.;Mr;Qill, . \v£o ,was ; presei}t, agfeedltp'.’give the use of his boat on the same terms as Mr Ivey gave his. Mr O’Shannessy' stated-that 'thecabmen at his stand would run on the night of the concert at sixpenny fares each way. Messrs Lovitt, Ciaxton, aiid.Graig-were empowered.to draw up the programme for the celebration. The secretary was instructed to write to the council for permission to sell refresh ment stalls or a publican's booth for the gardens. He was also instructed to Write to Superintendent Hill for police protection on the night of the concert. He was also instructed to ask the council for the assist ance of the city laborers, and that lamps may be placed on certain trees. Mr Steet reported that lie had obtained from Clunes the promise of four fire bal looHs, that, he had ordered ten .idozen; shell and that ho had taken steps to got other fireworks raade. He had also engaged a lot of Chinese lanterns. The secretary was instructed- to .request the Ballarat Amateur Ethiopian Minstrels to give an entertainment .in the gardens, and to ask the Caledonian Society to -assist with .•some-of/; their gbest prize 'dancers. The'Bellnngers’-'Glub were also asked to give some performances. Councillor M'Jlmy all was appointed general manager. Mr M'Millan took exception to some remarks as to the expenditure, and resigned his place as committeeman. The meet ing then adjourned till next Wednesday, at 8 p.m. , ; An advertisement 1 in another e column'announces that the drapers, clothiers, and hatters have agreed to adopt six o’clock as the hour of closing during the week, and ten on Saturdays throughout the year, the latter regulation to take effect on the Ist of March next... This arrangement, lias been .brought about, by, a deputation (from '■ thet Earlyt Closing i Association,', .accompanied by Mr Joseph Jones and Mr George 'Smith. It is satisfactory to Cud this matter amicably and equitably settled/asHt will Tdo -‘away with auy further agitation upon the matter, i Three men named William Stanford, William Budd, and William Hague were, at the Town Police- I'court on Thursday, committed for trial at the assizes, •on two charges of having stolen iron pipes and brass bearings from the claim of Ihe Devonshire Company, ,on the Buninyong Estate. The identity of portions of broken iron pipes recovered by the. police with the -pipes that were stolen was doubtful, but the magis trates decided to leave that matter in the hands of ‘jurymen. ..... ; Ajjb'uh'giman named Phillips,'v'residi|igS a£'.. 'Carugham, received some severe injuries while riding a; young horse’WmWednetflay/ ' The'iinTmnl'suddenly and fpll-oyer backwards HpoUihim.., ,HB,was : carried jjutp - the United . States hotel,,Trestpn !Hiil, wherehe lay for lialf an hour in an.unconscious.state, ‘resulting' from 1 ’concussion ‘of Wild: bruin. DfeEieser-.was.quiuklyion: the Spot and/rendered the. necessary professional assistance. Besides a deep cut dn-thVleft'side'o£ the;head,'.bkteridiog c to the bone', ‘fiff is severely bruised" alldut ’ Ga, T,hursday r -morning the doctorpronoiinced himi'ttv'Be out df im-' mediate'danger. •• ■ f " '"j" '■ ‘' ’• goddess, hab c justWmifed° on EreSriclc ! . Evennett, who wiM' lately employed at 'the Man of Kenthotei, Snake Valley. IBjrrtJie death.of a- tg- qther -he r is left.seyeu thousand '.pounds;', and is off .. tpy-tho" mother country to 1 receive itv ■■;old’'Pred!bis ! hb ! wa's'' famijiarly called,.bas often'been, hoard to.say.that he. prpbabUity J tbafc he may'be able,'! j(o* object; i Amongst, .the.passengers, .by thpj SjL.Osyth. which sailed for'London dii the isfilh ultimo'," was Mr Alex. M'Pherspn-Grant. Mr ..Grant came,to,this colony from" Canada in 1852.'!- He first, visited Bendigo, and remained there.tjdl|ii!e!btu'ary ; !i t Bsi, > came to Ballarat. He took aii active part (as vve learn from the “ History of Ballarat”) in the dispute between the-diggera-and-the. Government.—Ou.the. discharge, of Bentley from tbe charge of murdering Scobie, Mr Grant was very assiduous'in-erideavoring to have the charge reinvestigated, and was one of the memorable committee of seven appointed to take steps for the further prosecution of Bentley., Mr, Grant took no. part jin the bloody contest at., the storming o£„thej St'oekade, nor.in previous, attack,on jlie soldiers! He strongly'disapproved of the resort to arms, and, with othiirs; tried to prevent it. ‘ ‘ buo'of those that knew.the hiding place oflthb woutfdeddusdrgent chief, and after his day’s av.prkvwas '.clone would speud the night'afccth’enchiei’s bedside'. years in Ballarat Mr Grant wheie he occupied’ sehoolmustcr. He next turned his- attention touigri culture. He purchased jspme-dand .-near , Attirit, and, with his wife anff i it. Up to this,;..time) fortune.,■-bad- .been-: pleased to smile on Mr Grant, but-now‘came 1 a : cha.ngo.r : His heaviest loss,' And from which! the death of his wife, to vvhomJxe was'muoh attached. SuccessiveTbad itorops,’ the JOss'.iof ibis stOek;throiigh death t and feeling 'acutely thO' loss’of his wife, of Whom .eyery . thing on the- farm seemed- tq;rcmind him,., induced him to retire from Ins farm v.-tiich was lot' to a tenant for grazing purposes, Mr Grant again re moved to Ballarat and lost heavily in mining.-- His farth tenant neglected the fences, and ultimately bolted, .without, paying his rent.-,..The farpi.wa^,then soldi”-Mr‘-Grahv« L ill idbk l seemed to--follow'him l iir ? every thing he took in hand. He again turned his’ attention to sghool,-teaching,qand continued to do so up to the eve of his departure. He is gone to join his brothers, who all hold public positions in Canada. Mr-Gi-autris a’man g'fektty him, as a good scholar, a'mari-of Sound practical sense, his integrity'unimpeachable,oyioracityiundoubtedp'and:.' never known to do a dishonorable action. His not having taken colony has been a loss to the community. He is ac companied byshis onlyi soujl-a youth of aboutleighteen summers. ,p <[ y -q o \x o.y 'A M • Our Smythesdale'con-cspdiiddnt writes:—” On AVed nesday a fine horse ■ ; hel6ngirig 7 -tb li Mr B. Botfc, of Smythcsdale/waßiatandinginlatdray. Xafcrsome'Xrhad works at Scarsdale when the animal suddenly dropped down, apparently it had been'kiinstruok) threAvjalq.uanlifcy ’of" water over its head, andiq p,.little Ume.it; showed r signsjof anima tion, but was shaking 'and jrcmbling so much that it had to be taken home.” A meetirigiof-the committeeUdf-^tho'-Smytheedale MeehanicB'.lustitutq was iJeldpn jyedueaday,evening,, at' which Mr H. De Voss was elected sedrotary in the room of Mr C. Winston, resigned.: j Tho man John Irvine, whose wife perished in the' firaj at/jYafrajVillo- ')nn|“Sunda3fo Brought'befdre'tho*' Foptscray bench'' oh' Weduesdayj (says the Aryus'/on l ok murd’erihg the de-. egased; ;Eanny Jryiupa,' < ,Gn the-spplication :o£ Senior?. constableiKelly - tho-prisoner was rcmandeditill Tucs' day next,'thwhibh'.'date tho oproiferß'.iiiqueat stands adjourned. ~:!' :d;,-,v i .. j A correspondent writes:—“A disastrous.bush-fire br.oke out'in'fho hrigbbprhodd'pf.Lal-LM qn'iTuesdliy, and boutimi'ed itd Seslrucfivc dateer iihtil’ihe'rain''s’at!. in on Wednesday afternoon. The origin of the fife is only a matter of itbommeilcelbo'fi -the banks of the Moorabool river, not far from 1 the 1 iron' 1 mind. ’ ; tVheh' ; first ‘ observed : it :: covered only : a:,smiill, area, but the strong breeze biowing sodn spread its' extent'' in the'difeetion and'qfipUl-.’s'Crpek, , threatening immediate,’,destruction "tbj'tho ! country ' lying between; tlie Mo'orabpol fusd.;Xjdl, The, dangerous jppsitipa. .of, the farmers evoked .the sympathy' of ’ everydneiiu,’tuo ideality and, Bbqh.qvpfyii available hand was at work jnjtrying to divert the fire from tho farms, and none worked, with more energy and will than Constable’DotmohclV' Their efforts wore foundstol bo'unavailing asCthtflhoftt of the weather Added ,to that ofthe fire .made ; the,air almost suffpeatj ; 'and 1 the' ap'aikB',lfom-;tbp. , /tfeesrwefo‘'fiying’fai- Attention; wds,, h tiierefpm, (J dheeted .the re |'|bovdl of pbftalile property—fdrihefs M'Loughlih and a*, fire. Cattle; and . herpes wer _ removing a possiblejpeei Mr w the paddock stacEp! corfcJrom a particle of was |Bhortly ; .afterwards dij jimited Id grass and portion, of their fences. „ n IteS--that tue fl Hn in other places besides Melbourne. B scarce ly an official ’"ever receives either a tampered tlie hands of Chinamen the ? facb, the'rim of the. coins;”,,:. ~,’ :v ,, -, ~■■■. v ' T S The-storm ofc Wednesday did. some damage at i.aS-■ ■ 4JKT i number of W^e^.^fcg. [ their moorings ilhd stranded ittthe ttiiid;- Mr Gates;. i hide, owing to a gum-tree, which ohe^side-having been blown',' down. A few /before the tree fell Mr.Gates, and; bio assistauts re moved several -boats 'which were harborec..- m ..the, tiiiarry-hole,.but a , ’'bi«tfc' , owned a b^ I broken,into-ffagmentß by the, tree, lyhicd, Ifill.on it. _ tArCTod- rdeakoftrain-appears-torhayerfallenon-iyed'' nbaday afternoon. The s ,gauge. _at„lhe_ Survey-office registered the faU-as amounting to 1’37 inches. i A .meeting of the committee of the: Railway Reform- Association was 'held at' the City-hall on Wednesday., ‘■‘evening. .Owing.to.the,inclemency-Qf.tb?, attendance'was not[so large, as .anticipated. . Ur Jps. Martini occupied- the chan, a; The -(Subscription; for j mdinhership was-fixed, so as to definy.thei expenses: tp which the' association has and will bc pUt in pursuing., 1 ite;object”viz., the reduction : of; railway charges- on, freights.' Mr James Oddie wasyappointed honorary ctreasdrer. The ;; secretary , was Jhstrbclyd, ;tp., Wyite. to ' the .various, representative. ..tradesmen,- asking, for information with reference'-to; the railway charges which they are in the. habit.of paring for the convey ance of their goods.'' It was also,, agreed, that .Messijs Gordon and Gotc'h should be i requested to. furnish all .information as to-the scale of; charges-on railways ih England,' the Continent/ arid'‘in. America’.: The’meet* -ing, agreed to have circulars printed! ambiigst the various local bodies explaining-the object of, the .association,. and. asking for,, support and co operation;! . It was-.dccided'.’.tp . get copies of Mr'Mar till's paper, which was-read at a pyat'iolls- meeting, printed ‘and -sent f build 1 with'- the 1 circulars. | At!the iast moeting of the: Ballarat Fife Brigade: it, was-decided'to ’hol'd .a 1 moo'nlight- -concert" on- the 17th ihst.! in «. the . Orphan Asylum;'[ ‘JO'A joint, [meeting of the’house committee of the Asylum and the ..brigade’s (sub-committep was held -at--the station in Earkty streets [Th'erb ; [ r Gray (in the chair)[ Long/.Levinson, Baker, Chamber*, lain, Wreford, Macaw, and Scott/'yVepresenting thA Asylum; aud Messrs Allcfding, Welch/:Morns; Laid-; )law, Muller, and Wise, representing tlie brigade,: -Tlip! ■first business was the consideration (of ~the :brigadeV offer, ; On : the. mbtion .pf Mr Chan^ .^rlnmpjMfor. holding the proposed benefit, and agr’eedr to .recom mend’-'the i sarne 'for" 'fb'e general com mittee., .ft iva?, decided, on the ,motion pf,Mr.Levin; son, seconded by MrLo'ug.that the'AsylumVcbmmlttee and "the’- brigade t should : be' requested tp( guarantee '’ each a sum not*'-exceeding’''-*£2o "too.defray any liabilities that may, occur. [;,(ltoWiisfalab tci hold the concert at‘the Eastern/Oval, oniihe-night .of the 17 th March (.Sb. : :’Patricfc’s‘-day) ( t ahd [ not *on the 17th iustaut, iff aid of the City Fire Brigade taking,place;on'the. lfitli instant, so that all parties interested .would be.enabled to render, assistance at both,concerts,’,./ On'-the- motion ■■ of -Mr Levinson,, seconded by - Mr Welch, it was de cided'to apply-to'' the’sß.G.C; ahd. the ’Town-Council' for the use of the-' Oval[and, permission to charge fun were appointed honorary.secre£rres I '; and a committee, consisting :bf •• Messrs Bilker, iWrefurdj ! Chamberlain,- Muller, Morris, aud Wiaa^tfaS. pur-j pose of making'‘the ’necessary arrangements 'and/ffb; report progress;, the .president [of the Asylum; and captain of the brigade to be- cx officio members of the. committee.' A vote of thanks was man, and the meeting terminated.;,- j '■’..■•t. ; We are Informed that Mr .Hamiltbri/ from-/Murchi son, has been appointedr, manager,-.of:'(the" Ballarat i branch jpftllfd'Pbmmercialßank. ; 'r; V j A sale of gifts and ladies’''w(prk,[ coupled [with'a promenade, concert, -was opened at. .the .Mechanics’ . Institute! on Thursday -evening, itff/wdJ-bf'jpjirßlr; ' Churehjj'scliool building and libfary[[and;'was ‘ii very.' i attractive affair."' The,fancy goods atalls-’-six-in num ber—were -placed in - the-• centre of’the’hall,’in a' :hexagonal form," and’ the - 'fair"’vendors,‘.[with, their rich display of -miscellaneous articles, both .useful- and t ornamental, occupied, the rihteriorr of J the enclosure, which was'”siirmbuhte'd ■by’ flags bf’‘several nations." No. 1 stall waii under the supervision ü bl-ito!^q£teiv'. and the Misses Abbott, Vernon, and Sheppard;’No. 2 ' was supervised by Mrs Barnard andHhe Misses ’Lynn;-: 'Mrs Claxton" and the Misses’..Moore, [Ciaston,, and , Taylor.- had; charge ■ iofi No. 3 ; - - No., A.; was. under the - presidency. 1 - ‘bf’ ’Mesdaines ’. Acheson' and Orr ! and[liEss/ Boyd ’ and 1 ; r 'No.y- 5 ; ivas, • attended to [by .Mrs, Alann ‘.anjl : ' ,&V;'j^ses. , Oclul£fee;'. Bacchusp Mann,, -andctMillar; [ and lMrs-, Jlarshall,; Mrs Way mouth, and Miss. Kildahl had’ charge -of: NbT'6.The’ refreiiliihent ’stall, which ' was : 6d the, right-hand side as entering; the hall; was under the supervision’ of’ Mrs "-Nixon, ;;and- the- Misses: Fo.tter, Whitneyi’A/Rbyd/' and/Marshalj.;; On’the left-hand’ side of ■ the -.ball,- on ; entering,a Very 'fihb ‘display of ■ pot plants and cut flowers was presented, uuder the care of Mr D. Herborty-ths whole range beingU gift’ from,- himself, .and-, tlieL,product of-.his. own. garden. The .concert was Tgiven byliMrs iWaymouth, ’Miss MiiisUSll, J[issAVai\ , mouth/-M'ia3; Eild'ahl, and* Messrs-- Firmim, J. Lake, Ei',d[eadaey ) l [E.[ jyhitten,' ; and Wayi : mouth.-:,'.Mr>Q., Herbert was pianist.’‘ Mr James Boyd was general .maijagqr. ~Thu,attendance comprised, a. ooasicierabje- uumber, of‘ tke^ldading:’residents, and altliough not numerous; was yelconsidered to be as largo aoxUuld-’perhaps -have- been ’ 'anticipated- ’for the -first - evening. It was stated that therey-as already about i635,-iiV:caVh collected towards the'bbjcct,’[excluaiye of tlielargo -assortment of.fancy goods-procured by! the ladies !nf the cuDgregali6n[ -The sales bu [TburedUy b'Vehibg 2 werb' l r6garjle'd as very satisfactory. A much larger attendance ."is expected to- nfght/and it is [intended -[tb/bontinuo the sales and concert oh Saturday, bvehing.", V.. ; At the Cluries’ ! Polioo-'couft'bn-Thiirsdiiy.'(writes’ our.-,correspondent) a chargcVof, ,arsou. jvas against.’Johu Giiho.mo, the owner of,a ; sjnali cottage in; Lower Frazer street’dcstroyed’-by'yflre-’-tbe'.'iprevious ' aftern6ouT‘ r The premises: wefo'y’ihpured; in the Ade laide office for £s(f.~ : From ifid-preliminary evidence adduced- it appeared that Qilhomo was observed leav ing the cottage about, ten -minutes .prior to, the fire breaking out.-’''After.', theffirp;.'wheh..fn‘''cbhVersation with Sergeant ,to,. certain questions which ’wore contradictory. - in': .their, nature, as to the, time ahd object’bf his’ ‘visiting’ the!' preihisea ’ burnedf , '‘'Ae/,the?c&o; yfpr ready, a i remand ’till; Wednesday, next: was; applied for aud granted; bail "allowed,’'Himself In £2OO aud two sui’elics. of .£lOO .each.., : , ~ l - A woman named Margaret- Tiuby was arrested on; Thursday - fofedpbn. ’by ’ Coust’able; 'Thompson, and lodged4n,tlie > 'iSu^'M ! loc^u^j : having stolen £7 in nbtes[ ;Bixteeh!s.hil,ling3 in silver, a knife, aud-a-pocket handkerchief, the -property of-a- man mimed-Andrew.Holt. - ' - l’ <’ i ' “ The following- petition to.tho' honJ .the/Minister of MihesJ-in referoncoito auriferous leases,- &o;”-'(saya the of ,[,the[v3rd , ‘ ’ihstaht),:!Jwas : sigued in a'short lime yesterday by!jOyec[2pp.fesidehtB; ih.’the ’-Maryborbngh'.'-mining "division ofu the -Mary borough .mining, 1 , 1 We,! tliei I .,undersigned,-- merbhanls, storekeepers, 1 and miners/ ’ in the Mary borough division, ( ,w,ould ; beg, most respectfully, to ':b)ipg.-u'ndgr! ; the!injury ; being. done to'-'theq.district .through.,Jarger. areas ■ of. auriferous] ground being held by mining speculators for the pur-' pose,of forming companies and selling scrip, thereby preventing) the from,!eppperating to prospect and,work tUq:grqu,nd;;withbut!' paying to- the bwners-'bf'"- siicht'leasfesi- an exorbitant which.haa l notice,' ofjthe[public by tb o/Ar'gui an.Cuthef- lbaßing'jourhMs relative to the t imposition,.-lSo'w ; i being’.practised; hotj ohly :i by the'- Qubeu -'Cbmpahy/- Arma,'-’’ but- also’’ by several;: other companies. An;,this,,division,-, some[[of r which never erected any machinery, and; those wHo did'iu-'-ffiost casea-iiave sold and removed the same, thereby leaving the -miners ;to provide their own machinery, material, 1 an and -labor; to " find the ’gpldpand' is'a' great diawbp^i,^q. < [th[q tlie working rman.-.-.-iWe... you will bp,ple?sed ( tq fcause-’an immediate enquiry to be made,’and bausb:to’ be. forfeited forthwith all leases. held 1 under such circumstances.’ J! ;-r t- -j ,-i • ' '^£7 The friendsof -Mr John '.Fitzgerald, v the, owner Of ‘ the Prince of Wales hotel,i iDorcas' street' Emerald Hill, are' very'uheaay-(miyB "th e'llerdld) in^-consequence of;[hi3’ab3enep'l,r6m;,hpme !,^l^'tfn',\Y!^fi^»^&.y',, morning.-,/" The,-grayest appreh'ensibnaf,rcspebti safety is felt, ini J-cbnsequouco cob bis having t left"his watefr and pulse (him/ ancV ii; dopuiheat writtpn i ih 'iMfiai'reqn! l cstlug > t^t'^.4HG^o/^^’'^'^k'atl the tidings :of:'his death.-i A person answering His do-' scriptibn was seen loitering about thepolier-dam ,near the-.uew, crane, oh.tha’eoutll-^^bank./.pf’tho ,Y-arra'iiboi.it' six;oolookra;m,'yesterday.';’Mr-’Fitzg'eraldris i;an ;old; :and'"respebt'ed- inhabitant of EmoyMcl- ’-Hilk'-iandfal-- though of a somewhat .eccentric apparently nothing to warrant thu supposition o[i having committed suicide, beyond the Jocmn en t k by him at. his residence. A few days since (says the M. A. Mail) the Cor . bany sluicing on Montgomery’s Hill came on a (J: for breakfast in' thb Shape, of a fine feh, aboutu Weight, whitih Choi) cut HiriUlgli tiitj nozzle s (a hose. The fish must have (Write fr«tU the Pass Reservoir, and is a good indidaticil ii{ sj,j anglers majrexpeotw hen they are allowed to jjj, I T&e; unlooked-for prize was a Ve ! acceptable relish for thfi morning’s meal. .1 A fearful accident happened oil SaliihlilJljjL, Advertiser) by man hameh ' Jdhh Roberts, was deprived of hi, appears the unfortunate man was splitting firewoM if or Mr iiicharaSoh, .in s Jtlildtlmi p a and had cut down a good-sized treS, A liiiiU a ? in failing,f' stl-uck''the deceased, knocking Idol id^ earth, and crushing the life but of him. Such aiJ the else of the limb-that death must have been b gtaritAfteOus; Roberto lived' by. Uisnsd! in » SDIJ tSbt near the Richardson's Junction shaft, afaj tdissfed;dhi Monday.itiorning sedi-iih w.-ta instituted,#.! the body discovefedulyifag undbr thb .alien bte with his left leg doahledup over his left sboufe and his head fearfully'injured. The branch Lid b ibe chopped off.to reiease.tlie body. ; | The Sydney.,J/tt(j, : thUs, fßha3lli!S aa oftrepKfcj blunder of some,of bur-,Victorian contemporaris.!! fa jt because Victoria- bellowed so lustily foj~ finger inthe Fiji pie' fcbat tlie Colonial OUice baa taken pity on that spoilt’ child and allowed her to pick om the plum of the, Chief Justiceship ?'; That high oE c .' 'has been offered,' it‘is said,,,to Mr Gaunt, pife magistrate at Ballaratj andiMr (jaunt, we happen ti know, is an of great ability, with considerable; New. .Zealand" experience in troubled i times, which has doubtless marked him out r.a alikely man for the new Crdwn.colony. But of course tbit will not prevent Victoria from having a crow over ui ■oh the strength of the Sydney.iiian superseded; At ;any rate she is how revenged for her failure to sr* l even for a * short season,, tlio ex-kiug and the prince*. !That is, if there is to be a Chief Justice in Fiji un ’the new regime.' Common, aousß SilyS the notionu absurd.” Wednesday’s Creswick Advertiser did not reach us itill Thursday.;.;Wu. feel ’ inclined to acquit thecou :Veyanoers of IkcheSi alid to.think the fault lies with ; ottr contemporary. I ; During the,last ■ two ; years wo have been informed from time to time (remarks the A rgus) that Mr C«y was engaged, in 'devising .plans and taking steps forth conservation ?f tho State forests. Vuteh wetehbtn in Parliament, and,' lengthy iiafahgtles made in con. nection :iwith; the subject; Central boards, distriti .boards. and. all. sorts’of boards were appointed, and everything was prepared Rafter the most approved fashion;: for laying by the heels any truculent acoua drel who, ' unauthorised, would dare to lay bis sacri legious haiuds tOn-. Eo , much as a twig of .Government timber, 'i&fter; ail' this .fUss.atid- palaver, it is rather annoying-to read thb .resolutions agreed to St a nj~l. iiig' of the;'Ballarat : Forest Board on Saturday ih! ; 'The'first'. was . to tho 'effect that, “.in the opinion ct this meeting, the wasteful and wholesale destruction of-timber-inT the-district is on the increase, and threatens within a,very brief period to still further ic strict the miulng'interest in this locality.” Canitfo possible .that ;tho operations of the .great administra tor, Who, after undertaking the reform of bis ova office, exhibited’such genius ih Tuhniug awaj and leaving it all to'Mr Archer, have had the effect of pf* moling the 7 waste bf timb'er'ihstead of staying ill Bat the best .part,ofTthb/.jokeiis. to come. A deputation was appointedd;o wait- on-the Minister of Agriculture to point out., to him-.“.the importance or immediate action being,’taken’ to 7,preserve the Stale forest..' 1 Surely- tbe. gentleman' who worded this mutioil tel luve :v joke “ not wisely,' but too well.” The idea of iapproaching 7 the' great ,Panjandrum with a rcquul : that o he will ; undertake a . task which ho has been vainly endeavoring to accomplish for the last two years or more! It'’is too bad'to ignore thus coolly bis’ painful 1 , and abortive libors. We shall have sonic one pbinting,,out; i ,.to' him soon. tho desirability o! amendment in the administration of the Land law, ; The recent'- sdordiing' days .were very trying to all kinds of dumb.animals (says.the- I’drrcngovxr Tima), horses especially, and some’owners suffered serious losses through their pets heiiig killed by sunstroke. One’day last’,week our very, friendly resident Equatter, Mr M. Bryant,rhad: the; misfortune to lose ofiti uf his thoroughbred brood marcs-—A 1, she having (Hod through the effects of, excessive.heat. This marc hi her. day had won, several of the highest prizes in Kcw South 'Wales, .and ,was bought by Mr Bryant at aa high figure for-breeding purposes. At the time of her death she' had a fine strapping colt foal by her side, by theicelebrated English bred entire Marquis. This foal woitld be about three or four months old, old enough it is to be hoped to,be.brought up by hand. A! was fulhsister to Dagvvbrth. Otliersin Mr Bryant’s collec tion hud to be icarefully “ nursed”, during the fierce hot’winds. :■ 7 , .Those persons who arc sceptical abou t .fish being m Lake Golac should see (says .the Jlerald) the two nufi’ nificent specimens which Mr Rea hiis stuffed in gte l cases,onjbis verandah.'' One;: is ,a Murray cod, whicli weighed.-IS;ib when - caught,-’and the other a perch, which turned: the scaleat ■!.. lb, .The first- named was got stranded, by Mr W., Armstrong, and the other was caughfby My Ilea himself, in ISG4, after being placed in the lake.by him in 1858. : Thursday night’s Ilcrcdd says: —“At the time of our going to press.a.conferenoe of; delegates from tie suburban munioipal.counoila was being held at the Athemcum hall 1 to consider the matter of the with drawal of the support of;the insurance, companies to the local fire brigades;”., : We trust somebody is- happy. The Police Gaiittc states that Cliarles Moore and Charles Beaumont have been fpundj- and; that Mary Ann Eve h»» returned home;'' ’~ ■ ' '■ • The Ballarat police Trcquire. an r 6wiier for a heavy gold albert chain, formed of rings and three twisted links, with bar and about two inches of a drop. Our SmytUfisdiilo'correspondent Writes when under tho influence of drink will sometimes do strange things, but it is not often that they trust then! selves vvithin the dangerous boundaries of the police camp. Oil Thursday 'afternoon," however, a an" l who bad been ipibibing pretty freely at various places ill the town, staggered across the Main street, and walking up to the sergeant’:;, door iu the police camp, deliberately lay down-in .-the--passage. Of course he was soon transferred' 1 td' thc quarters for parties m such case made arid provided by the law.’ ” In the Baliiang district,’within the boundaries of the iSliiioipf pprio, hares 'are increasing rapidly (»J» tbe \Qecldng\^dverlUcr ). ;A gentleman riding through ooei-tofr the -.runs,- last -week, .in' company with a M atta'ohecl td' the station,^'-'started at least a dozen within a space of four miles.' Oh_some of the lands hares are said to be displacing the rabbits entirely. - ’ From, a despatch by the Secretary of State fur, the Coloiiiesj addressed td~ thb Goveriior of Ifew- Sou.a Wales; on the subject of tho prerogative of pardon, a appears that Lord Carnarvon dissents from the view that tbe.-Qovernor can divest himself of responsibility in; rcsppot'.tp the exercise of the prerogative, pa ‘P® ground that other than' colonial interests arc aficctw inthe ro!ease : ’6f';pfis6nefs. ’The Secretary of Stab’ also expresses the opinion that the exiling power con ferred by -some of the doionial acts should be allow 6 to become obsolete, a : ; : It is with regret we (-Warrnamhool Examiner) h»' e to announce the death of Mr Roderick Urqubart on Tuesday,._at .his residence, ' Yangery.' was,a.vcry, old; colonist in this neighborhood, having resided hero since 1842. ’ - Au- agricultural - reform society seems as uecessavj in one way as a land law reform movement. We.to* the following' from the’ Tarrcngower Times;—“ Aw* months ago soarcply .a day.passed but what witness a train of teams, of medley character,. containing the worldly gods of (un)settlers in search of f rc ” fields and ’ pastures new. .On enquiring where tw-. were, from, 'reply ’ was invariably Smoaton; »b going to tho Murray. No wonder, thut.suc.i - exodus; of;' farmers—save the mark—did take pta' when .‘the '.firms have been for the last twenty ‘ cropped to,death!’- On good authority we hear t > the land aboiit.Smeaton, some of the finest IU , colonyj'.’has been tilled and tilled, and nothing S' ve to .the earth, in exchange for, all its fatness and ana dance;”' Suofija olassiof farmers are of no use to colony jit,large.,;\lri our rambles over the agnouitu are'a'bf M-ildon,'it 'stnkes'us very forcibly that* 8 * what-similar-state of things are in vogue, and tua long'].there'■.will l ' be very many holdings ■ renders wurthless.as'.there lire about.Smeatoii, owing >° • penny-wise systetUi being carried out to the e»«® Thelan'd is cropped and cropped season after and no thought of giving the earth rest or manur .f 3 Tho past season was the finest,ithat any rea3 ’ Jl 'j iero mind could expect for growing grain, and yet aro many holdirigs'avh'ere’.tho] yields, have P r ® miserably-deficienV, and' whyt; In ,a great m* 9 brought about through the’ ignorance and mean bf.tho holder. ”-'”'p !i i”!:-- .■■■ ' ' . ... .dEhe coiigregalion.of St.,John’s PwsbyleiianCl* 9^ ißallarat Eastpibas; we'.ffiarn; commenced to. arrangements, -with .’the view 1 of: holding a P lcnl . cro ,( :’lt; is .calculated that .will be from' six- td 'sevenihnndred in.the assem • b Tt appears,, that]; Mr iapp.ointe‘d'^6.!act' -as^''maMhaii,Withe occasion.,. particulars will bo found iu bur advertising cola “• The returu..match between.; ihe*' Second-H«'®? thelßuniuyoug.United C.C. and itlle Second Elev !tho City C.C. will ho played on the groaiia u , former, on. Saturday-next; The City team, is , re< l' l ?_ ;l ;to meet.at , the .Buck’s, not later ■ ;quarter-past one o’clock. -The follbwing are the t ■ rr »«r r C —T.' Goode, P. McCarthy, }unioyong UmUd ■j_ Hiscoct ,B. KU-. ?«trker, J. Moloney,, T> lisse ii p. Williams; |S| nTordioary monthly mooting of tbo committee of fho ordmary Pastoral Society will lUo Royal hotel, at eleven , he u tiikinc3S---Tho proposed amalgamation or [fnarat Smcaton, and Glendar«el Agricultural ri e e I Sc^nted t will" meet at rtinbumh Gesfle hotel tbfe afternoon, to discuss loMPeallftf a picnic to Sorrento. .. .. _ _ filO Rawson street Baptist picnic to Geelong will , :o place to day. . , , The Ballarat Banking Company a half-yearly mect ; will be held this afternoon. i sitting of the Batiinydile land board will bo held j s ilftefnbcii. - ; ■ ! I jjßlarat Club’s half-yearly meeting will be held j is afternoon. ' ‘ • t-if match was played bn Thursday between.) prison 'from Mr Lm-Vs Higb Scbool and Mr | Soldiers* HiU State scboolj which resulted m a ] the latter by 17 runs. ■ ■. 'll w» are reouested to draw attention to an advertise-, | in another column notifying that the concert in | lof the City Cricket and Bowling Club is post led to 26th February. - 'j 