ITliMS OF NEWS. ^ Tub feeling that no opposition should be offered to the return of Mr. Leary has, wo learn, grown in strength over-a wido area of the electorate. 2\'o other name is now even suggested by rumour, and Mr. Leary's elec tion may therefore be looked upou as certain. It is true that life is full of surprises, and from these political matters may not claim exemption. It is, however, extremely un likely that, in the face of thostrong evidence of favour with which Mr. Leary's name has everywhere been received, wo rball have any other candidate. Tho Gundugai Times in alluding to the matter says— "At present the political situation is that a section of the electors liavo induced Mr. Joseph Leary, of Cainpbelltown, to allow himself to ho put in nomination, and thus far he has no opposition. Tho questions for tho electors to consider are, whether ho is tho man to properly represent lis t Has he the ability and influence and tho will to use these qualities for the best interests of the Electorate ?" Our contem* porary then proceeds to point out several sius of omission and commission of the present Government, the application of which to Mr. Leary's candidature is not particularly clear, winding up with tho statement that "it would seem wisest then, for tho present, that electors should givo no pledges until it is seen what a few days may bring forth." A largo body of the clcctore have already answered our contemporary's ques tions in the affirmative, ami for the rest we feel satisfied that, after Mr. Lcary has visited the constituency, #»von our contemporary's nhatlows of doubt will happily vanish. Mr. Leary left Sydney yesterday, and will be at Jugiong to-day. lie will visit Cootamundra and Gundagai, probably arriving in Wagga on Friday, and wo feel assured that with his well-known outspokenness he will leave no reason to complain of uncertainty as to his opinions upon the leading political questions of the time. At the Police Court on Monday, before F. A. Tompson, Esq., J.P., Maria Ford and James Ford, two children, who were found wandering about, were brought up for pro tection, and ordered to rcmaiu in the custody of the look-up keeper. The mother of the children appeared some few hours after their removal, and the children were given up to her. On Tuesday before F. A. Tompson, and W. Hand, Esq., J. P's., EHeu Bone vas cautioned aud dismissed 011 a charge ot drunkenness, and John Daley charged with drunkenness, aud with using obsceno lan guage was fined 10s. or 3 days in gaol for the first ofienco, and 40s. or 1 month in gaol for the latter. A. summons case it* which Patrick Fennell sued G. A. Lewis for illegal detention of a horse, resulted in an order for the delivery of the animal in dispute to the complainant. Wis learn that a largo, bush-fire was to be seen at the back of Wantabadgery on Mon day,.supposed to be on the Gerilgainbeth or Juucc runs. A mketinu of tlio Newtown Cricket Club is advertised to take place at tho Jtoynl Motel, Newtown, on Fruiay evening tho ISth inst., at half'past 7 o'clock. As announced, the Magnet Troupe made their appearance at the Masonic Hall on Monday night. Tho house, wo regret to say was not a good one, but the members of the company, notwithstanding, got through a Jong and effective programme with much spirit. Last night the performance was re j peated to a moderate house. It may bo well to draw the attention of the Wayga awl Newtown Cricket Chilis to the- statement of our Moama correspondent published in our last, lie states that we need not feel surprised if a challenge reaches herefrom the combined Denili(juin, Moama, and Mathoura Clulis, to play the Wagga Clubs for the Jones District Challenge Cup. While upon this subject, we may ask what our cricketers are abont? for latterly they appear to have lost their energy. The Saturday afternoon matches were beginning to interest people very much, and it is there fore a pity our cricketing friends should let them drop through. if the gift of the Challenge Cup was worth accepting, it must be surely worth trying to keep in the town ; and it i3 paying but a poor compliment to the donor's desire to encourage the game, that the cricket clubs should let the steam go down in the manner they appear to be doing just now. We have received a complaint from .Mr. I Michael Bourke, of Emu Flat, that his name ! was incorrectly published in our columns as that of a debtor to the State for arrears of | interest on a conditional purchase. The 1 return in which Mr. J3onrfcc's name occurs, was copied from the Government Gazette, | and contained, we believe, the names of a good many who, like our correspondent, had , paid up all interest due upon their selections. The Lnnd Office mode of doing business is not a pleasant one in this respect for men j who have discharged all their liabilities, but it will be seen that wo are iu no wise respon sible for the error. - * A ciuckkt match .will be played on Saturday next, the 19th instant, between the Bankers and All-Comers. The following are the teams:—Bankers- 'i'ompson, Tem pest, Mair, Oargin, Drake, Bryaut, Cooper, Anderson, Tugwell, White, Scott. All Comers—Mackinuon, Durie, Donovan, Bax, AfUeck, Phillips, Middletou, Fitzhardingc, Meares, Garland, Cummins. Wickets to be pitched at 2 p.m. A narrow escape from considerable loss by fire took place at the gardens near the racecouse, where Mr. P. J. M'A lister lias a large stack of hay. From some unexplained cause the stack caught lire at the base. For tuuately at the time two of Mr. M'Alister's men saw the lire break out, and one of them ran and p aced his hat down on the iguited part, and a rake being at hand the stack was saved by drawing the burnt portion rapidly away. • • "Wis learn that the lodge Spring of the i Desert Sons of Temperance have appointed Dr. Hillas to be the Medical Officer for the. lodge. ' The Free Public Library was closed on Monday and Tuesday for the purpose of enabliug the Secretary to classify the books, with a view to thfc preparation of a cata logue. With the assistance of Messrs. Eldrcd,.Garland, Mackinnon, and Buntley, the work was completed yesterday afternoon, and the Library will be open to visitors this morning. The catalogue will, wo believe, be placed iu the printer's haiuU immediately for publication. This Gazette of the 11th instant contains a notilicutiou that a petition has been re ceived for the incorporation of Moama as a Municipal District. In the course of the proceedings in a sum mons case at the Albury Police Court on Tuesday, for a breach of the borough bye* Jaws, we learn from the Banner that the Inspector of Nuisances produced a notice lie had received from an iudignaut ratepayer, in which was the following caution " Take notice that when you suinmous any lieye subjects of her Majesty, you use proper English in so doing." The Turaut Times states that the Rev* Father Kcily is about to leave that locality for Albnry, and that the Rev. W. Bcrmingham will take his place. I.v a cricket match between the Break o' Day and Wellington clubs, Tasmania, on Feb. 5, C. AV. Butler, of the former club, made 191 runs, not out. Tiik Border Post states that the value'" o' the exports from the district toMelbourne during the year 1S75, as ascertained at the Albnry Custom-house, amounted to £633,857 10s, or £242, S95 2s in excess of the exports of 1874. The imports from Victoria'during last year wero valued at £272,090, or £43,727 in excess of the value of the imports of 1874; so that the trade of the district has increased both wnys. . . . According to the Burrangong Chronicle, a deal of damage Has been done to Mr. John Chew's station, near the Gap through a bush fire which was caused through carelessness. It is reported that Mr. Sinclair, of Nubba, has sustained loss through a similar cause. A Gkkmanton (Teu Mile) correspondent of the Banner says~" A number of the far mers around here are taking their wheat to AVagqa Waggu, where they can obtain 5s Gd ncr bushel. I hear there Is nearly 2s per bushel difference between tho Albury and Wagga price ; I cannot make out why there should be that difference. I hear of two farmers here who have sold 1500 bushels to a Wagga miller, at 5s Cd cash." The foilowiug Tasmanian and Victorian cable tarifl ispublished in tho Gazette:—For 10 words, four shillings, exclusive of address and signature, and five-pence per word for nil words iu excess of ten. The address ami signaturo to each message will be limited to teu words, and any words in excess of that number are to bo charged for as parb of the message to bo transmitted. Telegrams ad dressed to newspapers containing intelligence for publication will be transmitted atouc-hnlf the above rates. Wis learn that Mr. James Macgregor, so well known- as manager of the Hay branch of tho Australian Joint Stock Bank, has nc cepted tiie position of manager of tho branch of tho tJuion Bank of Australia to be opened at Hay. Mr. Cochrane, of Widgiowa Station, was in Deniliquin on Tuesday last, and left for Melbourne on Wednesday morning. Mr. Cochrane, says tho Pastoral Times, has only recently arrived from Europe, and intends returning by the Califoruian mail, which leaves iu March next. The following weights havo been declared for the Dubbo handicaps :—Macquario Plato —Priam, 9st 31b ; Eros, Sst 21b ; Gilar,*7st 91b ; Little Queen, Gst 51b ; Brunswick, 7stj Oriole, Gst l()ll»; Chevalier, Gst 101b ; Beads man, Oat 71b ; Industry, Gst 51 b; Clodhopper, Gst; AVhynot/Ost 71b. Jockey Club Handi cap—Priaiu, 9et 51b j Eros, 8st 41b j Gilar, 7st 101b ; Little Queen, 7st 71b ; Bruuswick, 7«t 21b; Oriole, Gst 121b; Beadsman, Gst Gib. AU Mr. Ivory's horses are scratched. Mr. Frederick Broughton, of Muttama, was sworn in as a magistrate for tho, .tern lory by his Honor Judge Forbes on Tuesday at Guudagai. Tn 15 Burrangong papersflrcport a number of sudden deaths, by accident and otherwise. Tlio Argils states that a man named Friend, n resident, oftlmt township, was found, killed a few miles out on the Deinondrille road/ by a Mr. Pcnrce of Wombat. lie appeared to have been driving a cordial cart- when the wheel came ofT, and the vehicle overturned, with him underneath it, the guard- iron falling across his neck. The body was taken, to Cootamundra, aNd an inquiry held upon it ; and the Chronicle has a report of mi inquest held upon the body of a man named Hines at Deinondrille, who was found dead in the bush near Murrumburrah, lying under an over turned dog-cart, which had fallen on his head. Dr. Temple gave bis opinion that death re sulted from the shock, and a verdict was re turned accordingly. Wis hear some strange tales of the doings of juries occasionally, and tho talc told of a Ffnbarb Town jury in an Argus telegram ef Friday, is amongst the strangest. Having been locked up they quarrelled about smoking. The smokers persisted, and the non-smokers resented by smashing the win dows, through which a chair was hurled. Tho Chief Justicc kept them locked-up all night and till mid«day, when lie lectured and discharged them. A magisterial inquiry teok place before Captain Hare, J.P., at NVahgunyah. on Fri day. on the body of a man named ISmanuel Schog, found in the River Murray the night before. The deceased had for some time been suffering from melancholia, and has been missing since Mondaj'. The body was much decomposed, but it was evidently a case of suicide. Tho man was formerly a storekeeper with Mr. Levin, at Corowa. Ox the night of the 29th ultimo a bridge across the Billabong Creek, at Boonoke station, owned by Messrs. Pcppiu and Sons, was destroyed by fire, under circumstances which lead to the" belief that it was the work of an incendiary. The bridge (says the Pas toral Times) was erected by the owners of thn shfttinn. nnd-wns a snbsfcnnhtnl Ktrimfcurn worth about £400. The wooden abutments' appear to have been set fire to first, ami from thence the fire must have spread from both ends at once until the bridge was consumed. There can bo Iifctlo doubt that a most roseaily deed has been perpetrated from vindictive motives, as on a gate leading to the bridge, and about fifteen chains therefrom, a notice was posted, of which the following is a ver batim copy:—"This is the sauce we will serve you by-and-byc. We will serve you up the puddings." This notice was dis covered the nmrmn# after the fire, and is now in the possession of Mr. Peppin. It is written in large well-formed letters, indica ting that the writer and supposed incendiary is by no means an uneducated or ignorant | man. The matter is now in the hands of the police, and Mr. Peppin lias offered £200 ; reward for information that will secure the j conviction of the guilty party or parties. I The quantity of potatoes now being forced I upon this market, says the Belfast Gazette, I has caused a considerable fall in the price I of this vegetable. Only 30s per ton is | offered, but us the port has not been visited I ; by sufficient vessels to take the cargo offered I I it is probable that when the stocks now in I | the hands of buyers move off, the pricc will ! ascend rapidly until it reaches say £2 10s I per ton, which may be considered a fair 1 average* At the Gundagai District Court on Tuesday, according to the Tiine3, an action was tried, Stagg v. Griffiths, to re cover the sum of £100 the value of damages alleged to have been committed ou plaintiff's land by defendant's cattle and sheep, ftoth parties are selectors and neighbours, resident in the vicinity of J-iiUas' Creek, Tarcutta Mill. From evideneo it appears that there had been for some time trespassing going on. on both sides, and that in consequence of there being uo fences at first, and only a partial fence erected some time after plaintiff occupied his Jand, the sheep of defendant had over-run his ground, and having eaten up his grass had left him no place to de pasture his cattle. A large amount of damage was also said to have been done to plaintiff's ewes in consequence of the constant mixing of the flocks of defendant with thetn, and the necessary amount of drafting requisite to separate them; by these means plaintiff asserted most of his increase of lambs was lost. Cross-examin ation however elicited the fact that an indis criminate trespassing of flocks had occurred, and after the adjournment of tho Court an amicable settlement was arrived at. Tasmania!* training notes to the Austral Asian b}' telegram on Saturday state—"Good work was done this morning by Blazes, My Idea, Parthenia, Dutchman, and Duller. Strop, Bella, Lard Lyfctou, and others did steady work. His Excellency the Governor was present. Emulation has arrived Safely at Launceston. The betting is 2 to 1 Against lilmulatiou, 4 to 1 against (Sella and Viva. Five fifties were taken about Bella, who looks and goes well." It is very singular, says Mnemon in the S3rdnt>3T Moil, that, whilst there should be such a want of labour at well-paid employ ments, four or five thousand men should be found to rash ofi' to a place on the bare pos sibility of finding gold. The great majority of the men who went to Mandnrama appear to have bpen greatly disappointed, as is the ease at every new rush. Ami suvely railway contractors ought not to have much difficult}' in making up a few gangs out of the number. But I fear that it is not altogether the scar city of labour that prevents men going on to the railway works. Tho truck system may have no existence ; but there are many other systems that do exist in regard to the mode of carrying out contracts that deter men from engaging on them, quite as much as the truck system. When so large a number of men were thrown out of employ in the city last year from the Corporation work?, scarcely one was found willing to go up the country for railway work, notwithstanding the at traction of good wages. They knew that whatever wages they might earn would be spent as fast as earned. AVhat was true of the navvies, of Stephenson's time is true now: "Reckless alike of their lives as of their earnings, the navvies worked hard and lived hard." And in a country where wages rule high and most men are burdened with domestic ties, the inducement to obtain employment on a railway contract is not very great. The other,day a stalwart son of toil left the Southern railway exten sion j on being questioned by a fellow-passen gers in tho coach as to the reason of his leaving good pay, he admitted that ho had never worked for employers who paid their men more punctually. He had no fault to find either with the contractors, the work, or the pay. But ho had to work with tho gang, eat with thetn, and sleep with them, and was subjected to tho same influences, and the re sult was that he found that, no matter what were his earnings, his savings were nil. Is it impossible for the contractors to remove such obiections ? Wnrn.vG of tho present state of politico! matters in Melbourne, the Argus states that great satisfaction was expressed in town at the collapse of the "stonewall." The min ority still- talk of further obstructive mea sures,'bub their fangs having been effectually extracted by the adoption of the u iron hand" resolution, their efforts must bo futile. The new standing ordor was sub mitted to His; ISxctillcncy, tho Governor ou Mondajyaml on Tuesday the Government introduced a Supply Bill, and if it is passed through both Houses, as is expected, pay ment of tho public creditors will be resumed to-day., The- Opposition, it is said, relied upon getting up a disturbance on Tuesday on Mr. Lulor's case. They feel greatly -aggrieved that ho was not committed to tho custody of tho sergeant-at-arms on Thursday, when they would have had a trump card to play with their sympathisers, who were brought iuto tho Parliament- yard in such largo numbers.' Mn. \V. J. Claiuck, of Suubury, has granted a site, for the erection of largo and commodious show yards in conucxiou with the West Bourko Agricultural Society. The Lancefield Mercury states that ho has also undertaken to erect the yards, aud to supply all necessary buildings for tho purposes of exhibitions and meetings of tho society. The prizes for tho next show amount to £550. Ok tho loth December, Lloyd's posted in tho usual preliminary form as missing, with all hands, the new iron clipper ship Culzoan, Captain Maeaulcy, which sailed from Liver pool for Melbourne on the 2Gth May last, it is supposed the vessel is now lust, with all hand*, alio being four mouths overdue at her destination. . This vessel carried a large number of emigrants from Liverpool, The exact number is as yet'unknown, but would not be less than lOOsouU, and the vessel's crew would uumbur quite lifty men, elm being 1818 tons register. She formed one of Mr. Skinner's Castlo lino of packet ships, iwd was classed 100 Al, ut Lloyd's. Sho was on her first voyage, A tkmwrawjc message was received on Saturday from the Hibernia (the stenmcr en gaged in laying the Now Zealand cable), stating thai: having got within 100 milca of Nelson, N.Z., it had been found necessary to buoy the cable and suspend operations in consequence of heavy weather. As soon ns the weather moderates, the work, which has been"very satisfactorily carried on so far, will be resumed, ami in all probability telegraphic communication with New Zealaud will be established in a day or two. Rni'Euniscs to the new Colonial Treasurer, "Town Talk" in the Evening News says In their now Treasurer the Government are doubly fortunate. It is a good thing to secure so able an ally as that rare bird at once a famous financier and a respectable man, and, in a political party sense, it is still better to have got so easily rid of Mr. Forstec. With all our high regard for that distinguished gentlemau, it must be con fessed wo like him best at a distance. We shall be delighted to hear of him succeeding in London—bccomiug a lion at the Colonial Institute, or even moving the somewhat difficult Commons with his waspish speeches, and his late colleagues, wo have little doubt, if they made a clean breast of it, would be found very much of the same way of think inc. Mr.* Stuart will undoubtedly bcagreat gain to the Ministerial team. Asa man of figures from his youth, and familiar with finance, there can be no question of his fitness for his spccial duties as Treasurer; while as an able, thought ful politician and man of means to boot, ho must always have the weight due to character, intelligence, and personal inde pendence. lint ho will not bo all gain, un less on one important public question. The humour of both House and country has very much changed since the late Treasurer tabled bis celebrated secular education resolution. It is certainly singular that a leader of the secularists should he succeeded in his place in the Ministry by a leader of the denomi nationalists, unless, indeed, Mr. Robertson has other notions on the subject of educa tional reform than ho has hitherto taken credit for, or intends to treat his Treasurers as unceremoniously on occasion as Blue Beard did bis wives. Tins death of Mr. Heverdy Johnson is an nounced bj' a cable telegram. In Men of the Time wc lind the following sketch of Mr. Johnson's life :—Mr. 1'cverdy Johnson was born at Annapolis, Maryland. May21, 1706 being the son of the Hon. John Johnson, Chief Judge of the (irst judicial dhstricfc of Mary land, and afterwards Chancellor of the State. He was an alumnus of St. John's College, Annapolis, afterwards studied law with his father, and was admitted to the bar in 1S15. Ho soon acquired a largo and lucrative practice in bis native city and county, and ho reported during the next 11 years the decisions of the Court of Appeals of Maryland, the greater part of the well-known scries of seven volumes of Harris and Johnson's Reports having been prepared by him. In 1 SI7 he removed to Baltimore, and soon afterwards was ap pointed Deputy Attorney-General of Mary land, and in 1820 Chief Commissioner of insolvent debtors. From IS21 to 1S25 he was State Senator, and in the latter year : resigned, to devote himself to his practice, | and before 1845 had attained to the leader i ship of the Maryland bar. He also occupied a high position at the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States. In 1S45 he was elected a senator of the United States for Maryland, audit: IS40 was brought into the Cabinet as Attorney-General of the United j States, by President Taylor. On the death I of the President, in 1S57, he retired f»'om office, and continued to practise almost ex- | clusively in the Supreme Court of the United States. In 1S01 he was a member of the Peace Congress, and in JSG2 was elected again to the United States Senate. He was employed by the Government as an umpire in the adjustment of questions which had arisen with foreign Governments, at New Orleans, during war. In June, JSGS, he was appointed minister to England, to suc ceed the Hon. Charles Francis Adams. JTe negotiated a treaty for the settlement of the Alabama claims, which did not meet the views of the United States Senate, and it was rejected by a very large majority. He was recalled early in 1800, and has since resided in Baltimore. 