MELBOURNE. 23rd March. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) We breathe once more! The Government have adopted the course suggested by the Argus this morn ing, have digested their leek and withdrawn the land, property, and income taxes. And, so another political crisis; which , would havo beon most disastrous'under 1 existing circumstances has been temporarily averted. The Ministry : have advanced , another stage towards the haven of recess, and the sole question is will they ever attain it. Many days, freighted with.political contest; and manoeuvre have passed over our heads, since I expressed the doubt if in, the excited condition of Parliament, they would ever reach the harbor for which they have struggled so ; manfully. . Events con tinue to justify my doubt, and never has, it been • sp nearly fruitful as at • thepresent: moment Last night a hastily organised conclave of Minis-- terial supporters - -waited upon ..the-. Premier: to ascer tain. his; intention and: pointed put to; him:bluntly that events bad now reached such a stage that either the Ministerial supporters would soon have to pass to the .Left, or, that in self-defence, they, must cast their leaders, into the. pooler shades of Opposition;’ Despairing of support in the Council, the Ministry.'. have adopted: the only,practicable, course:-open;to them, and propose to meet the deficit in the revenue by the issue of Treasury bills.. Can if be hoped that the House so nearly divided-will-consent, to this course,, and will permit a.recess before the Appropri ation Bill has been .discussed;? -..The Ministry are de duced to, the position of a wild horse at. bayj between ’ contending bushfires.; If- their bill of new taxation were forwarded to the Council there can be no doubt that it would be cast-out on the general principle that so notable an alteration, in the. .incidence of impost should not be attempted‘ when the proval of the country was so faintly indicated; If they, as they have decided to do, stay, their course the House will scarcely assent to credit .them -with ,a large expenditure' in’the' face of an inevitable deficit,. without exercising its. voice; in regulation of- the appro priations. If' they resign, iis -it. possible .that. any Ministry formed from the' present Opposition-beaches, can wield the ribbons with-any .prospect of retaining-, them. If‘they obtain a dissolution,, have they.any chance of .returning- with a more] confident; majority, than that which at present adheres to them.., Dreading a dissolution, recognising .Resignationas...suicWe, fearing to force ' their hew taxation .upon :a;Upper House notoriously opposed to .it, doubtful of their support in the country, unable,to master the Assem bly by numbers,'the Ministry are' in as grave a plight as ever witnessed in' the political annals of Victoria.. There is trouble, grave trouble in store, ahd-the only , hope is that by a rapid resoluteness they may attain air adjournment, which will, give us . time to ; think out; the evolution bf the political problem. The supposedly cleansed R.M.S. Sumatra to-day with an’ unusually large complement of,,pas-,- sengers, amongst whom-the names of the Hon.- T. Elder and family, whose services to exploration are ; familiar to all of uS,will be noticed.. She takes. with her 52,568 oz of gold, the bulk of which .has been shipped by the bank of Victoria, and. 25,236 pounds, worth of specie, the bulk .of which goes to .China for; opium and tea, and to India, to be converted-into currency and jewellery. The earth, hunger singularly-ifiuctuales. ■ -Yesterday town properties realised a high ayeragej“to-day a bum. Wof allotments offered were seriatim passed in* the •nly one finding a buyer being a small’ plot in, Prahran. This is another indication that investments in bricks and mortar are hot absolute certainties. A picture sMe of some-importance will take place to- morrow, to which our connoisseurs .are devoting iptiye ' atigntioq. It cbrap.rieea paany cprfoj of art which rarely £nd their why to the apartment? of Victorian gentlemen. - . . The Ballarat Races' are singularly unat tractive to our metallicMns.' There is absolutely not a single bet upon them worth recording. Gan it fie passible that this -js attributable to the absehoebf' tho professional element 1 Is it because there is an impression that the various events will be competed, for by lona fide amateurs in a fair sportsmanlike spirit, Vfiaf the png fail to see money in them ?. “ 0 Utifc Jwro.tl'morM.’!I'”’ 1 '”’ . ’ ' The Walter'Sherwin cigar business will, it is said,; be referred for the decision of the police-magistratej as the Customs officials are, in their evidence, quite at variance with the written statement of Mr Bbcrwinj', An invegtjgatiqn fjas been made into thd case of poisoned food thrown, abroad at Prahran, but, pending report from the government 1 analyst, the' enquiry will be further deferred.; ■ ' - ' Driuk has claimed another victim, who, while under its influence, fell into a. quarry hole at Richmond, RU body pas recognised as that of Julius Scbied, and" Who had puce been cqnfineq iq the fnefiriate Asylum.-.; He .was; a German, ’and his' relatives' had : regularly remitted monthly to him, . A French veterinarian has announced an accidental! discovery of great-importance. He says that, notingr the_ fact 'that the foot-and-mouth disease seemed in--. Variably to spare, cattle affected with, cow-pox, he vaccinated a number of oxen as a preventive measure. With the result, that,;-"not one of.- the ..twenty-five, beasts successfully.inDCukWdbaßuptothepresenttime/ shown any sign of foot-and- mouth Mlsease/'kltliougE Uving among animals largely infected with it," 