STOCK AND STATION MEMS. • We are informed by Messrs, Richard Gibson and Co., that the shorthorn cow Duchess of Rockingham dropped a splendid roan bull calf to the Earl of Geneva (31,068), on Friday last, and they arc both doing well. Already the effects of the long-continued drought are beginning to make themselves felt iu a marked degree amongst cattle iu the Singleton district. From Westbrook the Singleton Argus learns that Mr. Hassett has lost over 40 head, and that his neighbors have suffered iu a similar manner. Indeed, it appears to be a general complaint just now with pastoralists throughout the coiony that there is not enough feed to sustain life, and, when rain ialls in a sufficient quantity to cause the grass to spring, it is feared that far more disastrous results than those consequent upon a scarcity ol feed will follow, the cattle having become too weak to receive benefit from the change. A telegram from Sydney appears in the Pastoral Times, stating that a well-known Edward River squatter, having applied to Government to have 20,000 acres on each of his two neighbors' runs measured off for sale, a powerful company is forming to have all his run sold. The well-known stud herd of cattle owned by the late Mr. Henry Lee, of Walaroy, near Bathurst, will be offered for sale at the Kelso yards on the 1st March. The high character of the stock is proverbial throughout the colony, and the sale will doubtless attract all those breeders who are desirous of improving their herds by the introduction of blood which has for so many years been the object of constant and judicious attention. 141 head in all will be offered, together with the high-class bull 9th Duke of Denimut. This well- known animal has been the stud bull for some time past, and all of the animals under two years are his stock. On Monday last an extensive bush-fire was raging at the back of Messrs. Moxhatn and Smith's Mimosa property. We have not yet learned the extent of the damage. A very unusual occurrence is reported from South Australia. A flockof sheep were travellin from the north down to the Adelaide market, aft upon the road 125 died from sunstroke. The celebrated bull Theodore, the property of Dr. Jenkins, of Nepean Towers, recently sustained such injury as to necessitate his being destroyed. A Strange Freak.—Strange freaks are at i times perpetrated by drunken men, or by men suffering from the effects of drink. A swogman at Wodonga, on Sunday afternoon, oppressed by the heat of the weather and suffering from the thirst that follows on a too free indulgence in alcoholic liquors, laid down his swag, and quietly walked into the lagoon to the south of the town whence the supply of water for the use of the terminus is obtained. The man had not taken many steps before he went under, and for a moment disappeared from view; on his reappearance he showed that his education in the swimming line had not been neglected; he struck out manfully, and soon reached the bank, apparently none the worse for his adventure. On being questioned subsequently by a gentleman in the neighborhood as to what induced him to walk into the lagoon with his clothes on, the swogman, who appeared to be suffering from the effects of his drink, replied that he wanted to drown himself, but that he could not refrain from swimming as soon as he discovered himself to be in deep water, A caution to clear out of the neighborhood was given and promptly acted on. Maravilla Cocoa.—Taylor Brothers, London, London, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity—fine Aroma—Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power. One trial will establish i} as a favorite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a late evening. Maravilla Cocoa.—The Globe says:—"Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the Market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above nil others. For consumers of Cocoa, especially Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommeud a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favorable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, Homoeopathic Cocoa.—This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest komaaopatluc advicc, aided by the Bkill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine iu au eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. Soluble Chocolate, made in one minute without boiling. The above articles arc prepared exclusively by Tavmjb Bnomuss, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets by Storekeepers and others all over the world. Mustard.—Taylor Brothers' celebrated/'Challenge " brand is prepared from the Choicest Seed by a patent process which prevents fermentation, and at the samp, time retains the pungency and purity of flavor to a degree which no other process can accomplish. The double superfine quality is specially recommended. Steam kills, Brick-lane, London. Export Chicory Mais, Bruges, Belgium. 