r I?HE Government of this colony may _ be described as admlaiistered by a Governor assisted by a Legislative Council. The apologists for this form of government would fain persuade themselves. and others. that it is as likely to carry out a vigorous policy of loans and public works as a govern ment which is responsible to the people. They have propounded this notion for some time past- ever since they conceded that loans and public works were desirable-but now that Lord" CAARNRvoN has dedare: d himself" not indisposed," on certain given conditions, to our incurring a loan for a railwey fromin Fremantle to Guildford, they point to their anticipa tion as fulfilled and to their assertions. as proved. We' heartily wish they had ground for their triumph. For our parts we are irct so sanguine. It appears to us they! have formed very high,: hopes on a very slender and shadowy foundation, and that Lord CaRNARVON'S dispatch gives no reliable ground for supposing theit we are one day nearer any piolicy that would be of the least use to us than we were ayear ago. The very promise itself amounts to nothing. It is' merely apromise to give a particular scheme due con sideration" wheo it assumes a particu lar form. It is nothing more than an expression on thepsrt of the minis ter of his readiness to allow the Colony to borrow money for the construction of twenty miles of railway, if every thing: about the undertaking is in his opinion satisfactory and within the resources of the community. It is one of those promises which lead to prelminary expenses in the way of rurveys and plans &c.;, but which pledge those who make them to abso lutely nothing. If, after a year lost in pre- piring plans and estimates and writing and receiving dispatches, it is represented to Lord CARnARVON by the clerk to whom he deputes the affairs of tlhe Colonythat the railway in ques tion seems likely *to lea& to a good deal of expense without-any corres pon'ding benefit, he will say that un der 'all the circumnstances he cannot sanction it. But, if this same clerk who, if we may judge by his dis patches, is really an able man and lets very little connected 'with the Colony escape him---thinkse-that the Fremantle and Guildford railway has a prospect of paying a dividend-what then ? We shall spend another six months in borrowing the money and inviting tenders &c.; This done-what have we :gaiped ? Te. thouand people come over from.the other colo nies':on. speculation? No-nor ten such people. We shall have .merely got- a piece of work to do" which will draw away from the farmer. his best laborers, and check the growth of corn, and make breai dear. Then, when this twenty'miles'of railway is completed, which will b~e (say) within two years from its commencement, we shall be told that before taking any measures for contracting another loan at the end of another eighteen months we must wait a couple of years or so to see if the railway we have con structed is remunerative. So that five years hence we shall have accom plished in the way of public works the construction, of a railway twenty miles in length-or considerably less than Mr. Wa&Nss; made at .Rockieg ham just to carry his timber to the beach-and not have advanced the Colony an inch. This is what will happen under a public'works policy, as carried out under the present form of government. But what is the good of this? None whatever.. The great value of a system of public works to a young country-a. value greater even than that derived from facility : of communication-is that it is an advertisement. Let the coun try adopt responsible government, and be known to have power to do what it will with. its own, and let it go abroad that it has borrowed,half-a million of money and is ready when this is spent to borrow more, and peo ple will crowd in from other places. We shall not have to import emigrants to see them take their passage for Adelaide before the have been two days in the country-they will come of themselves and these people will be wealth. They will come here for their share of the spoil and. they .will bring with them talent and thews and sinews. They will do good to them selves, but they will do more. good to us. But for countries to get the full benefit of loans they must.do some thing mnore than borrow,?moneyin dribblets. They must borrow in large sums for public works generally-and, when they have got the money, deter mine w!hat they will do with it. They thius establish a repuitation, get their l;nes of internal communication com pletod quickly, and attract population -which is wealth. If they act- on this principle,, they cannot but pros per. "They must gain. They cannot lodse. The difficulty of paying inter est and recouping capital, which makes borrowing such a serious minat ter for.an individual, is no difficulty to a community. When a privite in dividual borrows a thousand pounds and lays it out on an undertaking which does not pay, he loses it. But where a thousand' people. borrow money to pass it about. among them selves while they are constructing something for their mutual benefit, they do not lose their money. The work may not do all they expected from it, but they have got the money. WVhen countries borrow .for.tho.con struction of public works they do nobt part with the. imoney.' bborrowd-it stops in the country- and causes:every thing to thrive, and they. have'. o'.dif. ficulty in paying the.interest. Of course, if they are so foolish as to bor row money for a term of years and es iiblish any such antiquated' absurdity as a sinking funild, instead of leaving those who will derive most benefit from the works constructed to bear their share in the cost of- their con. etruction, they cripple themselves almost as much as they advance them selves. But if they borrow a rouind sum and go to work on sound princi ples, they cannot but benefit them 'selves. They positively injure them selves by borrowing in driblets and undertaking works which bring no population, and are a long time incon. etruction and so imperfectly developed' that they are almost worthlesi-but they- cannot but do themselves good bya bold prompt system of bori'rowing, for the money borrowed will, as we have already said, attract population, cause the works in course of construc tion to be completed rapidly arnd become immediately remunerative, anducreate wealth. But this can only be under a responsible ministry. You might as well attespt suh. apolidy as this through the labyrinths df a' Red Tape Office, as attempt-to- carry out a great commerciidal undertaking through the machinery of the courts of law. It cannot be done.' It is' not in the nature of things. F the childish mischievous char acter of much of the legislation with which members of Uouncil are amusing themselves this sessioni there could be no: better instance than the act directing what sort of matches are to be used. It has entered into the heads of certain hen. members that the cause of bush fires is the common match, known as the "Tandetickor;" and that if matches of this kind are excluded, and a match purporting to be' a " patent safety " substituted there will be no more ares out of season. Amagistriate sitting on one of our colonial benchaes'announced the other day in a fit of virtuous ipdigna. -tion, that he "intended:to put down" human nature. 'In the same way some of our legislators havedeter mined to put down bush fires. Truly, it is strange that gentlemen living in the country and having the use of their eyes and senses could come to such a conclusion, and gravely pass an Act of Council forbidding the use of all matches but those of a peculiar construction.-. .Everyone -who--knows anything of the bush knows that fires have -their, origil in a variety of causes. Sometimes they arise from the carelessness of a-ateameter- or traveller, who has made a fire and neglected to exti'gnish it. sometfimes frinr the ashes of ~' pipe, sometimes~'from ai piece of glass exposed to a hot sun, sometimes from-the lighted w'ad frbm a gun, sometidies froni a inative 'b'urn-' ing out an opossum, or setting l;igit to an old tree in the morning to sup ply him with fuel at night, or burning the country in his path toinniounce his approach to his friends, and some times out of pure wickeddess add a * desiretodoinjury. Indeed it'is dif ficulty to say from what, in a country whichis so highly inflammable as this, ibush fires may not arise; All that can be said is that they arise from careless-. ness. Sometimes, no. doubt, Ithey arise from matches being left where the heat of the sun may ignite them-- but this is very seldom, for both white' men and black take great care.of their matches in the bush. They are de pendent on ihem for theirchief lnx-. ury. For the fires which take'plaie the teamster and the native are probably the most to blame, and the:"poor " Tandstickor " is probably the least to blame. Yet, it is assumed that if ' we get rid of the -" Tandatikor "" we shall get rid of the bushlfireais, Of course, we shall -do..nothing. of the kind. Men will stilbe able toget a light, and through the irritation aind annoyance at being compelled to use one particular article is not unlikely'to lead to increased .negligence,-.and even make it wilful, yetwhere there is fire; there will continue to'be fires. Until you can prevent 'carelessness, you cannot prevent bushfires-not even if you go back to the old flint and steel and tinder box. In the mean. time, while this "matches act " will be utterly useless for the purpose for which it~isintended, and while the " patent safety, is in rome respects a far moredangeyouq match than the one in common use, this interference with small, personal and domesticar- rangements will le'ad t an amount of dissatisfaction which the supporters of the bill cain have :hneveri cout4i plated. .The match which the Legis : lature 'hlas taken under its patronage, thoughone which under certaincirt;r cumstances has its tadvantages, is not' found so oonvenient for ordinary use - as the common "Tandatirkor." It is disliked on account of its cumbronau. ness, (hence called "posts~and rails,")' and because it is difficult toljght iu the Wind, and does not carry its own ig nition. -Iti a very good match in its way, but it is unpopular because in-' convenient. Hence,, to. enforce its use under all circumstanibs will cause a general outcry. Every housemnaid l 'a every cook,.: every nuremnaid, every shopman, every shepherd, every try. yeller and, in short, everyj'one who h'ia occasion to use a match and finds the box mislaid or the lighting part wet or worn out, will' revile the! 'oulciL and its legislation. -If words assumed a palpable shape.f matches" would be seen to fill the air. They would be as plentiful asflies. To be obliged to use '" posts and-rails"_' may seem a very - small infliction butkii wilibeani'' iin . fiction which, like the frogs and lice in Scriptural Egypt, will e-omoni present-and people will be as- writh - with the Legislative Council s. the' people of Egypt were with Pharoah I when by.his foll3 and obstinacy he brought on them- these. indasiriable visitors. 'A flea is a very contemptible creature, but it is capable of creating a great deal of annoyance in the ag gregate, and the importatibif r-?nd pre servation of flea8 by Act of 'Parliainb'ut" would probably excite a revolution. The Act compelling .peopleli~it blis;e1< .none brit "patent safeties" will not -perhaps quite raise a revol:tion,'but it will occasion a:very great' deal of ?' irrit'ation dniidwill dono more to con :vi?ipeople of the frivolous and:mies-. • chievous character.of the legislation of the present session than any.:which could have been passed. Hon mem bers entirely mistake their funoctions when they legislate in matters of~mere-. personal aiid pivate.eonvenience.:. It is quite within the province ofhouse. - holders or employers to peiirnit'only a? particular sort of match to be-used .on their premises orproperty - that i" a matter of agreement between the em ployer and .the employed-bat the legislature of a country is not shup.:' posed to forbid the use of this or that article because a certain set of peopl. look on it as dangerous. No such," measure has been passed by the other' colonies. TheAct may notbe sanct:oned - by the Secretary of State- as it is' a species of sumptuary legislation-aund so the evils arising out of it maybe- e;. warded off and never actually ex-,. perienced, but it is a pity an asot. should have been passed whicli saye- so0 -: little for the lhgislative' ability of members of Council. If the -hon. member for Geraldton had wished to strike a blow at r`esponisble'g~ vii- i - ment he ciuld not have b'etter serv edl hilaiurposu than by brigingf4irward -this measure, for g~oThingi v;.gdido more to cinvince Lord CAnRanvow of our unfitness to - goverin o.urselve:. And yet-if we had responsible go-. vernment, no such measure could :hav' been pressed to a division. Meimbers . would have been- occupied .bvy: umore serious matters and more'alive toithe grave responsibility of-their iposition; .: "-" :. ?" ' ' " " ' 1"-i ' ? -: I TE may soon expef to di'eed.' ' V considerable sum of ,oiiy, '. voted for the expehser of a -astirey in connection with the proposed railway from Fremantle to fruildford. If it is' thought worth while to go to the ex pense of preparing plansand esti. mates for the H me ' -efinc~n t n the chance of the aifair coming to any thiing,'it would -still seem desirable tlihait we should incuras simall an:out- - lay in this preliainary' itepas possible. . In Mr. Thonie'ss the new Colonial Engineer, we havea'- man, evide tly conversant' with railway ey?g?eering, and Mr. Thomas mi ht'be very well set:to~do this vdirk. S6me' shorit time ago Mr; Wanlias niade a: railway in this colony. It passed'over a country presenting far greater engineering difficulties than any which are likely to be met with from 'Fremantle to Quildford. Itwas a railway:fromtbhe timber .range, to the coast. Mr.. Wandliss, though iota'Civil Enginieer, surveyed and marked out the line and did all the sunperintendence himself. He bmjinloyed n?i " competent"" men, he made no plans, he drew up no re ports. Biathe put down in a reason ably short. space of time a good working line, supplied with' all that was necessary in the way of rolling stock&e.;, for £1200 a mile. ' Cannot our new engineer do as much. as Mr. Wanliss ? We think he can--thuit is, if he has not his hands,,arms, andlegs tied round with red tape. Mr. Wanliss was perfectly free. He was able to do his wobrik 'in:his birt sleeves. '.If he had been tied round with red tape he would have' hardly -done it'so'qicickly or at snch a small ex pense. We should probably have had £1200 a mile put down for superinten dance. Let Mr. Thomas have his hands free. 'Mr. Thomas will.have to do some things which Mr. Wanliss had not. Hewill'haveto make2plan's aid specificati'ons.e But .he may ye. be left toleraibly free and- un'iincuimbered by any costly or obstructive staff.:" At all events it may and ought to be leftto him to do 'this work. If we are to judge by: his very able report on . the Geraldton line, we could have no man Swho better understands what his to be done and as we mudst have to pay him in any case, we might as" well leave him to do what he 'understands so well. Again-for another reasion"' tbere:is nothing like' 'employing, our own man, If the work were done by contract, the man who did, it. would have no interest in its success or in its e?uiting the means and roquiremoents of the Colony. He would contract to survey a line fore a railway of a certain gauge and, aslong as he did that and was paid for it, he would not care in the least whether it was a judicious line or an injudicious. But. "the government engineer must feel that his reputation and. intecest demand that he should take the utmost ciare to do everything in the best iway and take every circumstance inito consideri ation and overlook nothing. He can not but know that he·will'be held'res ponsible for any unnecessary, expense or any disastrous oversight and that.he' will be present to bear the:blame. On every account therefore the Government should have: the survey of the proposed line conducted by. its own engineer. ' -ILLS are hurried throui~h Council . so rapidly thatitis.either: impos eible for the. public to egpiess anopinion on them or necessary for it,to lose no time in doing so, This has.not, howeyer, prevented'the citizenis of Perth calling ameeting to make an indignant ire: mtonstrance against the inei '3M iiici palities Act. The speakeris Gcsif~ d themselves to dealing with thljt pvr-.. tion of'the Act which 'cdraws aninvidi-. ous distinction between the chairmau: and the counselloires. :iBy the:newI.Act the chairman is to be a sortobfsupe rior being, Quite of a different mould from the counsellors, and is to have a more e clusie qualification, and to be elected from a more exclusive fran chise. The distinguishing feature in the qualification, of this novel civice dignitary is " money,"ahe must-have more money than is necessary in the caseof amerecounsellor-.and, howevr he may have come by it, he must at no time, however far back, have brought himself .within the power of the law. It is in no way necessary that he should be.a man' of famly, or aman of educatioi?, or- a man of brains, or a man of good mroral-ha.. racter, oa· indeed that he should pos sess asingle: viitue or be free Trom a single vice. 3 But it is n?cessary that he should have a great deal of "money.'" In the same way, lie is to be chosen bymeon of"Y money;. He is: not to be chosen by the greatest num ber of voteris like such common peo~ pie as the members of the Legislature, but by the -men of most "! money. -He is a souit of "golden dustman," to be chdsen' 'by other " golden drit men." Against this acmd of vulga rity, this degrading exclusiveness, this blacking-malers nobiiity,"this setting up of money over inteliect;,irtue, and manhood, the citizens of:Perth have, very, naturally and properly, indig nantly protested, and passed resolu-. tions intimating their intention of ap paling to the Home Government. Of the success of the appeal no one can have the slightest doubt... Lord CARBNaRvo mi~y hive his own opinions: on politics, but his opinioison social matters will be those of every edu cated gentlenman, and hewill have.lit sympathy with this plebein patrician ism in a country where he knows that ninety-nine men out of every hundred are what .they have been :made by: their own exertions, anh between whom he will see no ma'terial social. dtinction of any kild. . - . ONe of the greatfes comforis of s;niw country is thp absence. of petty legislation; .n a country whiicTs' old" and ' populo0u there is a great deal ofnchP';r"legislathi. One is surrounded on all sides by private property and~vested rights; "and thdre are game laws, aid smoke laws, and laws of all sortsandkinds forkeepingpeopleout of each other's road There are:.few thinge: a man man may do and a great many be may not do. It is this. which makes colonists who go to Erbland"fedl so excessively un-o comfortable. They find themselves in a place in whichb.as it seems to them, there are no thoroughifarse. .They asie .~topped at every turn. But in a new .'country, where there is more room-where 'there'is' perhaps not more iliani sima'titbhoiisand acres and people may walk where they like, ride where they like, shoot where they like, fish;where they. 'like, asrid d:i prettc much as they;like in everything, so long as they do;not interfere with any one else-such restrictions are unnecessary and are usually avoided. The only law by whiih' people are supposed to be bound is that of the ten commandments. But in this contry-nearly equal: in:, ex-: tent to half thb Australian continent though it contaiss iii 'all only': twedtj-six thousand people, men, women and childiren -we have positively a gamelaw.-and a ganie lw so minute that there is ~ a special Act'for the prdeservation of mag' pies and another for the preservation of prawns. Such legislaion in such a country is designated by. :most persons as childish. But it is not merely childish-it shows, that those who manage public affairs lose sight of the more pressing interests of the community while they are fully alive to securing for themselves and their friends smallpersonal gratifications. It carries us back nearly a thousand years to times when the kings of England "loved the red deer" and deprived the miserable peasant ofhisnecessaryand natural food to pro videsport for nobles aid p-inces. These gamelaws-which cannot be put in force except close 'to Perth and Fremantle and will thelefore bring authority into con :empt-will yet give rise to no little bitter ness and do far more harm than they can dogood. They are, like one or two other acts of the present session, instances of over legislation. It may be. very well to take measures for protectingswans and some: other birds during the breeding s'eason in the neighborhoodof Perth--but game laws for the wilderness are an absurdity.- One might almostas well'pass an act for pre: serving.bull-frogs. THaE defect of the governn.ent system of education, sofar asregards the silaries of the teachers, seems to be that the" teachers in the tbwn schools get too much and those in the country schools too little. This is because the system, while profess ing to pay for results, does not as a matter. of fact pay for iesults but fol attendance. If it paid by results--if, that i, it paid for1 'the prdgress made by'the children without regard to the number of ddys they had been in atteidance, the country teachers would nor be so ill paid. The. carrying out of the result system in its -entirety would moreover. have the effect of giving a.good teacherhis dued.advantage over a bad one. If' A" teaches a .:child m six mohiths' what ' B ". can only teach him in twelve, he' deserves higher remuneration. The old 'woman whose tooth the dentist ex: tracted almost before, she was aware of it complained- of his high charge of halfa crown,'because, as she jid, 'he blacksmith had pulled lier all round his shop for: half an hour and only charged her a shilling and-the Board of Education seems to think that the old woman was right.' But we do not pay for time, :we pay for skill; and the quicker a teacher gets his pupils on, the more valuable he is to the State, Why' then not have this" so called "result" system piaid by riuults? ' A iregards the ialaries of teachers, in towns- they have run to more..than was perhaps a ticipated, but there are only .two or three of them, and there ought to be some prizes'in every profession.. ?.The public -benefits in the end. I all the mniembers of the profession caimot hold the prizes at once; they have a chance of doing s sosme diay,' and' the hfope of promotion is perhaips even more efficacious in niakipg men :ilo their duty than the actciul possession of a large salary. His Exellency states that he has been in correspondence with the Government. of New Zealand. on the subject of telegraph commimication with England through this colony.. We regret however to find that no'one has been sent tod the conference held by"the: other colonies, and furither thit His Excellency seems to think'that:,if a 'telegraphlizne passes through this codutry, we ought to bear our shaire in the expense. The absence of a representative of this colony from the c.ongress may lose. us the 'c~anee of the.other colonies taking their lifie through Perth, while the:idea of our going to erpense in our present condition for a foreign'telegraph line is'prepbsterous. We might be:justified in::'doing& :s6 if the Cololny was emnibarkirigimi an enterprising policy and there was a oiispect of' a'.Jarge population and an extensivei trade, bit it is altogether oht, of the qiustion under a policy: of ?:depopulation. Governments that have to pass measures for compelling a'few small batches of emigrants to. stop.in the country when they get out to it must not talk.about joining wealthy communities in bearing the cost of magnificent.telegraph schemnes, We cannot be great and little a thiksame time and in the. samn. way. If the other Australian colonies. like to: take their line through our !erritory, let "ihem, and afford them every facility for doing so, -but do not let us take any shaitre:in..:the expense.; We: have: no business under present circumstances..to embark ,in any such undertakinigs Udnderthe ':lpolicy of the present goveriiment, ."it ':would 'be merely loading the people with taxes for an "idea," It would be the old story of the Frog, who in.tr ing to swell .herself out till she looked as large as the Ox burst herself.l -' .:: IF the report of the S? veyor .General hardly' eomies?: ip: to His "Excellency':s description of it, there is nb denying it has a certam :amount of interest. It does not show anylarge inciease of laiid in: cultiva~ tion--it does. not go into that. question. There isperhaps wisdom in.not doing so at a time when the Eastern Districts are importing flour six months before harvest and' the Greenough Flats are growing less and less corn every year: But it contains indications Of a good deal of speculation and land jobbinig It contains ?i alsosome mnicey executed, thdough, fromi the 'sm~all ness of the area they embrace, umimportant maps,: toether' with.some usefiul memor anlds by Messrs. Foirrest, Price, Brookling, and Nicholay. It also shows that the Surveyor General quite understands what ought :tu be donein .the way of survey-i ing -'nd the' 'importance of having .thoroughly qualified men in the office and in the field. :If Mr. Fraser has not showd himself to be much of a ejislatoi, it is im possible to resil his r'eport without being impressed with the e6iibictaori that he understands'hi$ bdsiness as a surveyor. 