4 . PASTORAL. The tone of the reports from the pastoral districts has not yet undergone any improvement ; in all parts, except the valleys of the Murray and Murrambidgee, the drought continues; feed is Bcorched or altogether absent, and the supplies of water are tory short Summer weather has been experienced about Wagga. When stock are in good condi tion, water is getting scarce lower down the river. Agaia, at Hay there is plenty of grass, but a scant supply of water. The news from Dubbo and Narrabri gives a sad account of the state to which the grazing lands in those localities have been brought bv the drought of the last six months. The Lachlan country, too, is now beginning to suffer fipm a deficiency of feed and water. It is satis factory to learn that, notwithstanding the severe hardships of the season, stock remain in good health. From Wagga, the intelligence by the Express of Satur day cpeaks of the advent of summer, the temperature for the past few days being far more in accordance with general notions of what is seasonable in January on the Murram bidgee. One or two small bush-fires, too, in the vicinity have assisted to put an end to the delusion that we were in early spring instead of -midsummor. Stock keep good condition, for feed is ptill plentiful, and there is yet no sign of water becoming: scarce. Down the river the weather has been tot,, but there the want of water is becoming severely felt by {those who have not done anything towards providing against: the contingency. Towards the plains, after a few pot/days, a change took place, since when the weather has been remarkably cool and agreeable. Heavy clouds have been hanging about, but the rain has been very slight indeed- .. The report from Hay by the Grazier of the 12th states that the weather is warpi and dry. Plenty of grass, but a scarcity of water, is the news, coming inoin nil quarters. The roads between thy Hurrumbidgee and the Darling are now dangerous to travel, from the long waterless stretches intervening..^ 180 fat cattle reported from Hillstonon 1st instant crossed at Hay on the llth, Mr. 6. Botts in charge, for Melbourne. £000 store sheep crossed for Hon. W. Wilson's Willandra .station, from his station on the Murray. 400: fat she^p (Dr. Dickson's), from Uabba for Melbourne, in charge of Mr. Harrington, crossed yester day. In stock movements wo have to report— 3000 fat sheep started from Culnatara on 28th ultimo, in charge of Mr. Goyder ; 6th instant, 2180 ditto loft Groengal ; and 8th instant, 3200 ditto left Hunthawang, all for Melbourne. Our Hillston correspondent reports that the weather during the past ten dave has been very dry, with boisterous winds apprpacliing to hurricanes ; some days very cool and the followigg hot scorching tornadoes. The result of this has been the scorching up of the grass, which is very lengthy and dry, and great care should now be taken as regards fires. But the great drawback is so many thousands of sheep having hod to come in from the back bloclcs, and '.others making an attempt to cross the Bonrke and elsewhere on the Darling having to loiter on the river until the nun sets in, and the withdrawal of large numbers of cattle from the market from the sarno cause. The mob of 39horsee, advertised by Mr. Macken zie, coming from Cndgle Creek, did not arrive until 4th instead of 1st instant, consequently a lot of buyers were disappointed. 7800 ewes belonging to Mr. John Davidson, of Burraweena station, Bourke, T. Evans in charge, passed Hillston on 6th . instant, on the north downwards, as they could not proceed to station for want of water. They are i in very excellent condition. A large mob of sheep from tbe Hunthawang run are reported near Hillston for Mel bourne. lb. Simpson of Wydon'B sheep an at BooUgal, north side; Mr. Simpson, junior, in charge. A. Macpner son reports the sale pf 40 head of cattle to Mr. Mackenzie, j of Ivanhoe, and 20 head of prime fat cows to Donohoe, Brothers, on account of Mr Herriott, South Hay, at highly satisfactory prices ; 380 ewes, with lambs at foot, and 100 fat ewes to Mr. W. Churche, and has several draughteof cattle and sheep and horses now under offer for several owners. Our Hillston correspondent, .of date; 8th, writes: — The diy weather and indications of drought are, at present, a. eerions matter., Recent showers gave us an earnest hope that during tbe latter part of 1875 we should be favoured with moisture sufficient to prevent the numerous flocks going on the -wallaby. The great trial betwixt Hillston and Cobar, and thence to Bourke, is the drought, and serves to prove the Wisdom of pne kind of work which has for the past vear teen vigorously carried out in the back blocks, viz., formation of welk', tanks, end dams, for the conserva tion of water. ' The great number of these works already completed is an assurance that whenever the country is again visited ^th.'. drought the back blocks will be found ? much betteif prepared, to; meet srfch a mighty foe to settle ment It wopla be vxll were there a pkition to Govern ment to constrict .two tanks on Colless's line, one at Bo to boundan-, 42.m}le6 from Hillston, and another at Mcin Me n, GiJgtinriia; -such workswould be of great public utility, andbe Ympst beneficial to travelling stock. The Qovernmen^iaye nqdeitakep works of the kind in other localities, but u;reqnires exertion on the part of those . inte- rested. and fo-jfreep knocking at the door of the department until the piay^:is heaid. By the the 14th, it is reported from Dubbo that the woauier^dunng the past week has bear hot and dry ; and tjhp .aniiou Blyiooked for change in the weather seems as faro&ae; jever. Day after day sees a cleir sky, a hot sub, anjlanearth parched and wanting water. Oar hope now islhat thewishod-f or downpour will come abrat next week- i i^-thevrisBent month should go out without a ninfalLit . if 'ip£iioj3role'lo say what the results may be. In tnanv placcs jmfWfWB drought is making itself felt, and in another moAth ?t is. only natural tj suppose that, should the present uncfutngM≤ weather continue, the. tale to tell will none «f thp mbn cheering. Around Dubbo, the *sunt-y looks dry. On the fiat* and reserves near the town there is little or no feed; .but out back there is, we understand,, a ? very f®fr growth. On they albragar, feed is perhaps-more., plentiful than anywhere else on the river, and water is still ; plentiful enough jn most of the. holes. The stream is, how- , ever, not running, and a veryheavy thunderstorm is wanted to-set jt going. On -the Macqujane, the weather is dry— feed is scarce on the frontage abutting on the .main roads. The careless use of fire is beginning to work mischief. , We Tiear of several fires — undoubtedly the result of the careless ness of travellers and others camping. It cannot be too often impressed on die minds of those who are travelling with stock that they should ^put out their fires before leav- . ing their camping grotuids. From Cannonbar we hear that there is no change in the weather. Affairs are not looking very roseate. The Duck Creek is fast drying up. Travelling stock are loafing about in every direction. If rain does not tall quickly, much loss is an ticipated, On the Castlereagh, rain is also looked for. Beyond an occasional thunderstorm, partial in its results, they have had no rain in that quarter. The Dubbo district stock items are as follow: — 300 fat cattle (Fitzpatrick's), very good, bought from Mr. A. Ci-uickshank, are going to Melboume-i-Richard Gibson and Co., agents. 200 fat cattle (Ridge's) from Willie are at Timbers bungi, going to Sydney. Mr. R. G. Goodissoa (P., R., and Co.) report the sale, on account of Mr. I). H'Killop, of 350 fat ewes to Mr. P. Fitzpatrick. 200 fat cattle (Kennedy, Brothers') are coming up the Castlereagh, going on to W agga Wagga for sale — R. G. Goodisson (P., R., and Co.), agent. 230 fat cattle (Simpson and Hill's) are near here, gciwr to Sydney— Maiden, Hill, and Clark, agents. 1250 fat eheep (Stewart's) have left Old Dubbo in charge of John Morris, junior, for Mount Pleasant, Bathurst. Our Mara Creek correspondent writes : 6000 sheep (Davison's) in charge of Dawson have passed, going southward from the dried out blocks between Cobar and Bourke. 2000 fat sheep (Sewers and Orr's) passed on the 8(h for Sydney. Mr. Joseph Aarons has bought from Mr. Isaac Aarons 270 very prime young store bullocks, from the Clarence River, from 2ft to 4 yean old, at a good figure— they were delivered at -lamina on Saturday last. The flame journal bias news from Quambene 6th instant to the efiectthat the ground in the neighbourhood is like a solid rock, and all signs of vegetation are fast disappearing. I trust that the people of Dubbo spent their holidays better than your correspondent, as I could not manage to get a piece of bcef or vegetable, which are all things of the past. At Cannonbar there is no visible change in the in cessant heat, and matters are beginning toassume alarming features in this locality. Duck Creek is fast drying up, and the Bogan, I might say, will soon be a waterless waste. On the frontage there is no visible herbage on which Btock may graze, except trayfoil bur ; this appears to possess great nutriment, and upon it horses subsist. It is something surprising to see a lot of horses, day after day, grazing upon a bare flat or plain destitute of every vestige of grass or herbs, except the disagreeable little bur lying on the surface, which thty lick up, and appear to live on it alone. Cattle are very poor, and unless rain soon falls there must be seme severe losses in this part ; water muBt fail, and grass is already out of the question. Travelling stock are loafing about in every direction; but loafing in this part is an absurdity. A few storms passed by, but they were very partial. On the 30th December, a* very htavy storm fell at Bulgandramine, on the Bogan, but did not extend far. On the 4th of January some heavy rain storms fell at No. 1 and 2 West Bogan, and in several places lower down. They were also very limited and insufficient to do any good, but the last week has been all .one could desire cn a frosty morning ; the heat of the sun has been unbearable altogether. About Wam merawa the prevailing ciy is rain, but without avail, for we may cry in vain. Tne only reward we get for our pains is showers of dust sweeping along with hurricane force to the serious injury of our eyes and general health. The country in this neighbourhood is assuming a very barren and perched up appearance. Our report for the past week (says the A arrabri Herald of the 13th) must be but a repetition of that of the pre vious one. Still no rain, excepting always the few showers that fall, to all intents and purposes uselessly. The rivers are mnning very low, the creeks are dry, the back country is waterless ; grass there is none, either on the frontages or away .back, and stock are fast falling away in condition. A fewteiams still travel the roads with supplies and wool for Sydney markets, but their progress, in the abscnce of feed, is slew, : and a day or two since we ' heard oE a mob. of working' [bullocks being unyoked 'and driven thirty miles back to get a bite, further travelling being impossible. As anay be Supposed, very little business of any sort is doing, andapeHod «f stagnation would appear to have set in. FoEtuij&^ely stock continue healthy, and except in one small herd, that was not inoculated until after the disease had broken out, this Bide the 'countiy is very free from pleuro. 'Passings have consisted in sheep only, and, they navirg gone up Bowena Creek, particulars are not so full rs othenvise' they might have been. We hear that on Wednesdiay week 1700 fat wethers, from Edgeroi, followed on Thursday by 1300 fat wethers from Boolcarrol, passed up Bewena Creek, names of persons in charge unascer tained. On Friday 1700 fat wethers (Eckford's), from Malaraway, and 1000 store ewes and lambs, travelling for feed, and;trom the Big River, a German in charge of either fiock, passed the same way. Wc have heard of no further movements of any kiad. Travelling is about as bad as it well can be. The Bigga correspondent of the Wagga Express, writing j on the 8th iBBtant. reports that those sheep-farmers who have addM. agriculture to other occupations have at List completed the harvesting operations around this locality, and, from observation, I am enabled to state that the season, i though late, has been productive of more than usually j good cropg. The quality of the wheat, upon new ground is good ; but quantity seems to be deficient, as I have not heard of over fifteen bushels to the acre, which may be i taken as an average in these mountainous parts. A great outcry i6 made by the Opposition as to immigration being pushod with vigour and much expense to the Government chest, but here in these parts and for many miles around labour is plentiful, the diggings from tho other parts of the colony furnishing us with men at all times of the year, and among others we find the ' Heathen Chinee' is not above taking ordinary labour whilst on travel seeking for gold. At Bigga no less . than six Celestials left the Abercrombie ? River gold-field and accepted the work of reaping for Mr. M'GuinnesB. Stock movements are not very bride. A few of our neighbours sent stock to the Goulbum markets, and the result was far from satisfactory ; in fact, the market reports are Buch as to prevent any large transaction taking place at present It is thought that private sales would be more satisfactory for surplus sheep and cattle. Wool is now being forwarded to Goulburn from all parts, and dur ing the next week teams from Bigga, the Fish River, and . statioEs on the Abercrombie will start for Goulburn. The most of this wool will be sent direct to the agents in Syd ney, though a few sales will be completed with the Goul burn buyers. The weather continues to be most uncertain — heavy thunderstorms almost daily, and rain has fallen in large quantities, refreshing the herbage considerably, but otheiwise causing extra labour with the grain yet in the field. Fix in tbe Lachlan, the Forbes Times of Saturday reports : — Another week of diy hot weather; in fact the theimometer has stood at over 90 most days, and on Thurs day reached 95 in the shade. Everything is parched and dry ; complaints are coming in from all quarters of no feed, ana water running out, so that prospects at present are not the rr.oet encouraging. Wool iB still coming up from down tfce river. This evening there are symptom of a change, and many are anxiously looking and hoping that it may come. Theie are plenty of stock movements, but few sales to report ; the chief difficulty is to know which way to travel. The following are the lucal passings : 3000 mixed ftecp (Trillion's), from Yamma, going^to the Albert Water Holes on the Bogan; owner in chai-ge. 1500 fat sheep (Osborne, Brothers', of the Bogan), going to Cowra ; Hodge in charge. 14,500 mixed eheep, belonging to T. j K. Scett, Esq., of Victoria, for the Bar-won; Weir in ' charge. 600 superior store bullocks (W. M. Johnston's), an close, and are for sale; they arc reported as an A1 lot. ' The C oonabarabran correspondent of the Western Past I on the 7'b writes that dust showers having taken the place j ot ra n, and the elements combining to parch and withvr | every vestige of what once was green, the heat for two or three rays together remains unbearable, then heavy banks j of f 'otde arise in sullen majesty, thunders roar, and fierce w n 8 pic vail. Every appearance of a mighty downpour ; but, alas ! only a few drops descend, and eoon the fiery orb ?aarts his fierce rays with renewed vigour, 'and scalds what ever -has received any moisture.-- ?TbeH 'foHvwi 4. tfcllj-. night to assist in the work nf destruction, and' Wight 'the recently fair face of earth. Sometimes we hear of neigh- . bonring localities being favoured by a partial' rainfall/ but nowhere near us has there been: nearly sufficientrf of requite- ? ments. Considering this gloomy state of things, it' is no wonder that many to whom ' beet complimente of the sea son were offered looked sadly dubious, and were re stricted in the free enjoyment of the recent festive eeacon. From Wilcannia, on the 7th, a correspondent writes to tbe Hay Standard , representing a continued holding off of rain, and loud are thai cries for more water out back. Sheep are dying by hundreds on some of the runs : and on the Paroo Read there is scarcely a drop of -water to be met with. The want of water has not only forced the stock to travel, but it has also forced the various contractors for station improvements to discharge their workmen, and large parties of bushmen have arrived here from the vari ous rune. By the Pastoral Times of Saturday, it is reported that at Dtmliquin the weather during the week has been character ized by excessive heat. On Thursday evening there were strong indications of a ehange, and the heavy, oppressive state of the atmosphere appeared to threaten a coming thunderstorm. With the exception of a few drops of rain, our anticipations were not verified, and on Friday neat again prevailed, though there were indications of a change. We do not yet hear of any complaints of scarcity of grass in the neighbourhood, and so far tbe want of water is only felt in exceptional instances. Mr. James Mann reports sale of 320 fat eneep, on account of Mr. John Tomkins, jun., for leeal consumption, also a few head fat cattle ; a pair of draught horses and waggon, on account of Mr. P. S. Tapp ; and 2200 ewes, two-tooth, to Moroco station, on account of Mr. R. Blackwood, Hartwood. Business is dull. The only crobsing since our last was Tyson's 6000 sheep. 