A MODEL WOOL-GROWING ESTATE IN VICTORIA. FOR the following graphic description of Mr. Charles Cray's station, Nareeb Nareeb, which is situated in the western district of Victoria, 32 miles from Hamilton, and the plans of washpens and shearing arrangements, which ape ear in page 8 of oar illnstrated supplement, we are in debted to the Hamilton Spectator. Mr. Gray, who had re cently retained from Europe, was at the last Mudgee sheep ahew, where he purchased some rams. His style of man agement, systems of washing, and getting up his wool for aoarket -were there discussed, and many of the Mudgee breeders expressed a wish to bare a clear description pub lished in order that accurate comparisons could be drawn by ?or woolgrowere. The Hamilton Spectator has afforded that opportunity, and we commend its remarks to the atten tion «i our readers : — Having heard a good deal of the improvements lately in troduced oy Mr. Charles Gray in connection with the wash ing and shearing of sheep, also in the preparation of the wool for market, and in the general management of stock and tfrfoii property, says the Hamilton Spectator of the 21st ultimo, we determined to go and inspect for ourselves, with 'a view to give the public the benefit of any informa tion of a serviceable or interesting nature likely to be cleaned during a visit to Nareeb Nareeb. There was no difficulty in obtaining an invitation, for the hospitable host is always glad to entertain a passing visitor, and our native modesty suggested no compunctions in accepting it, because vr9 happened to know that Mr. Gray, since his return from England, has been lying en baccalaureate the family in tending to prolong for the season their stay in the old ©ountry. Therefore one glorious day last week found us starting on a pleasant trip to Nareeb Nareeb, which is distant thirty-two miles from Hamilton, in a south-easterly direction along the Chatsworth Road, the little township of Chatsworth being about seven miles beyond the station. As we passed througn ldnlithgow, the picturesque scenery of the was looking its best, the soil turned up by the few farmers yet remaining in the neighbourhood being as black as jet, and contrasting prettily with the velvety greensward of the rolling downs, dotted here and there with lazylook ing cattle, or the newly-shorn sheep, which seemed like white specks in the distance. As Mount Napier receded behind us, and we got abreast of Mount Bouse, with its 'piccaninny.' companion, the grand summits of Mount Sturgeon and the Grampians came well into view, their lofty crests Timfng- all sorts of fantastic and ever-changing forms, as if the up-turned faces of giants, or the 'counter- feit presentment1 of animals and familiar objects, were out lined againtt the sky. A fine breeze ruffled the clear bosom of the lake into tiny billows, upon which hundreds of black ewans majestically rode, whilst overhead the magpie- geese and blade duck gyrated wantonly in immense flocks, now circling almost within gunshot, and anont aking a far-off flight like an aerial army with its 1 coders in the van and the main body spread out in migrat ing order behind. Bowling along a good road at the rate of ten miles an hour we soon reach Harding's gate, and this reminds us that there are such things as closed roads, albeit, as the only travellers we met during the whole jour ney were a oouple of swagmen, we saw no reason why the grass growing on the thoroughfare should not be utilized. A few miles further and we come to another gate across the track, after passing through which, we observe a cluster of buildings to the left of the road, which proves to be the Woodhouse Estate. The bluestone boulders in the track here begin to get rather monotonous, and, although we have seen 'many a worse road in the bush, they occupy our attention until we pull up at the tall white gate-posts standing at the entrance to Nareeb Nareeb. From this spot quite a panorama extends itself before our view. Nestling in tne pretty valley below ub is the squatting homestead of the olden time, with its garden and outbuild ings. It is a cosy, unpretensional verandah oottage, em bowered in roses and passion vines, and, as the proprietor afterwards tells us, it was commenoed on or about Black Thursday, and was then considered to be fully up to the requirements. A creek meanders through the valley, and it has Veen dammed opposite the hons9, so as to C'uoe an ornamental sheet of water, which, g flanked with weeping willows and frequented by tame waterfowl, gives the place quite an English appearance. Lower down the valley there iB a large bluestone building with dated roof and some pretensions to architecture, which edifice we at first supposed was the owner's residence, but were nndeoeived when told it was the manager's house and store. At intervals, upon the elopes and hilltopB, clumps of pines, blue- gums, and other timber have been planted, which trees are- doing well, and add materially to tne effect of the landsoape, One of these plantations was used as a preserve for hares when Mr. Gray first introduced them ; the descendants of the original stock of these animnlw have now beoome so numerous and boldthat they start up in all directions, and after running a few yards remain sitting upon their haunches toatare at their disturbers. As many as fourteen have been counted in a view at the eame moment, but owing to Mr. Gray's ab'senoe from the station tbe hares have not yet made the acquaintance of the dogs. That they will very soon do so Is apparent, for we noticed some carpenters at work upon the ereotionof dog-kennels of an elaborate pattern, with well-ventilated houses and specious yards, protected with ornamental wire net work. Hitherto ksngarooing has been the favourite sport at Nareeb Nareeb, but Mr. Gray is on the look-out for some good greyhounds. Half-a-dozen emus are seen fc talking about the place, and we learn that they breed upon the home station,'which is & very rare thing with tame emus. One dutohof young one® was reared here last ye ir, and a nest of eggs was discovered in the paddock this year, but unfortunately the cattle broke them before it was known the birds were laying. After inspecting the stables and noting tbe Application of a horse-powir to work a circular saw* tor cutting firewood, as well as chaff (which must be* very .handy, labaur-saving arrangement), we ob I serve standing on the bank of the creek a kind of obelisk, I which we are informed is of blow tone found on the estate, i Going up to it, we find it to be a rough shaft consisting of a solid b ock of the material, about eight feet high, some three feet equate at the base, and tapering to about two feet square at the top. The stone is properly mounted on nasenxy, and has a smooth shield cat on the side facing the creek to Koeive the simple inscription : — ' Chablbb Gray camped herb ! Septekbbb,1840.' iBnt a rtDl more interesting memorial of the past is an .old flab hut now used as a sohoolhouse, which struc- I tore was put up by Mr. Gray in the first year of his occupation. His ' mate,' who helped to build j the chimney, was Mr. George D. Bourcicault, brother of the well-known playwright, Dion Bourcicault. But Mr. Bouraeanlt soon tired of bush life, and went to Melbourne, where he was engaged by Mr. J. P. Fawkner on the staff of the Port Phillip Patriot, and afterwards became pro is .prietor Of fhe Daily News, which pioneer of the Victorian | Preas, under.another proprietorship, subsequently developed | into like Argus, now recognized as the losing jourtial of | Ahe colony. Shis instance of what may be mw-m pi i shed f- within the .space of one man's life will serve to illustrate | -the flight «f toe. The old hut, the joint work of Mr. 1 Gray. and Mr. Bourcioault, is still pointed out with pride by I 'the former, and we are able to tear testimony to the skill I displayed by the two young amateurs thirty-six years ago, p w we found the house in a state of good preservation, and i ib» stone chimney had not a flaw or crack in it. Many a naMese Bight in the aariy times was spent by Mr. Gray. h lying ™ a corner of the old hut with his pistol beneath his pillow, when the blacks were troubleaMSae ; but he declares he suffered but little from their dep.'edalions, an old gia having recognized him as her '» 4efuct bVbaodj Tamwtmari, who hod ' jumped I. . up whitefellow.' Under the awe-inspiring name of Tarrootmari, which .Mr. Gray accordingly received from the tribe,*btf- person and property were respected. How' few of the old pioneers of 1840 are left to tell such tales as Mr. Gray takes a pleasure in recounting over the genial fireside ! Mr. Whitehead, of Goodwood, is the only original settler left in this part of the country. The claim of Mr. Wyselaski, of Nanapumelap, is nearly as good, but even he cannot be regarded as the first to have settled on : his land, inasmuch as his run had been previously taken up by Mr. John Ritchie, of Belfast, and abandoned. The first proprietors of Nareeb Nareeb station were Messrs. Gray, Scott, and Marr, who came out together from Leith, and took up the country in partnership. Messrs. Gray and Marr purchased the interest of Mr. Scott, who then bought the Victoria Valley run. After- wards Messrs. Gray and Marr dissolved partnership, divid- ing the area they held into the Nareeb Nareeb station, which Mr. Gray now owns, and the Brie Brie station, which was taken by Mr. Marr. Mr. Gray and his partners stocked their land with 500 or 600 sheep purchased from a party named Taylor, who had brought them over from Tas- mania to Glenormiston, but who got into trouble over some affair arising out of a brush with the blacks, and sold his sheep to Mr. Gray. These sheep formed the basis of the Nareeb Nareeb flocks. THE RUN There is nothing particularly remarkable either in the extent or quality of the land constituting the run. The 8iea is 20,000 acres, the surface is rather thinly timbered with honeysuckles, and to a great extent consists of fair grassy flats and stony rises. ' Gray's' Creek, towards its junction with the Hopkins, opens out into good hilly coun try, and tbere is some inferior land at the back of the run. The pasture has much improved of late years, owing pro bably to the fertilizing effect of keeping sheep upon it, and to the avoidance of that common error, overstocking. There is hatdly a thistle or a weed to be seen anywhere, great care being used in their extirpation. The usual precaution is taken against bush-fires by ploughing alongside all the fences, haystacks, buildings, plantations, &c.; The fence-poBts carry 'six and seven wireB, the top wire being No. 5, and the others No. 7, which makes a very good fence. The principal feature we noticed about this depart ment was the cheap and effectual system of drainage adopted. 'Wherever the water lodges, the plan is to run two plough furrows in the direction of the lower ground, the furrows being six or eight inches apart. This intervening space is taken up by spade labour, and the drain is then complete. The sides being on a gentle slope, grass soon begins to grow upon them, and the drains do not appear either to get filled up, or to wear themselves deeper by waging out the soil. The growth of rushes and sour her bage, which on other stations is increasing so rapidly, is thus prevented; and, moreover, the run is ren dered more healthy for the stock by the6e simple pre cautions in the matter of drainage. As to the stock kept, the number is 20,000, or one sheep to the acre. The run would probably carry more, but the proprietor believes in being under, rather than over, stocked. The class of sheep is a capital type of merino, very heavy in the wool, and well covered everywhere. The quality of the sheep was made tolerably apparent some three years ago, when Mr. Gray's ram took the £50 champion prize at the Hamilton sheep show against the competition of some of the most noted Skipton breeders, and the flower of the flocks in the western district. THE WASH. At a convenient distance from the home station, advan tage has been taken of the conformation of the ground to construct a large dam. The water covers about 100 acres when the flam is full, and the watershed would probably be seven or eight thousand acres. The water is very soft and good, and the quantity left in the dam from last year has compensated for the deficiency in the rainfall this year, by furnishing an ample supply. In this respect Mr. Gray is particularly fortunate, for his neighbours at Hopkins Hill are compelled by the scarcity of water to employ a steam-engine to pump the fluid back into their dam after it has been used for washing, thus rendering it available a second time. By an ingenious arrangement the outlet valve ? is so adjusted as always to take the water off the surface, the temperature of tne top Btratum being warmer, and the surface water therefore being more suitable for sheep-washing than the colder water below. The outlet Zk protected by a grating to keep out grass, weeds, or other obstructions. A ten-inch iron main conveys the water from the outlet to the washing sheds, whieh are situated ten feet lower than the surface of the water in the dam. And now we come to notice some of the novelties .introduced by Mr. Gray. The first thing that strikes us is an iron tank mounted aloft on a staging some twenty feet from the ground. The water is forced up into this tank by the pressure of an iron ram which is self-acting. From the tank a hose is dependent, and it is used for hosing the sheep in a battened yard by way of giving the wool a preliminary soaking to loosen the dirt. The common practice, we believe, is to use a watering-pot for thisjiurpoBe, which is very troublesome and ineffective, besides Knocking the sheep about too much. After being well hosed in proper Tan Yean fashion, the sheep ate let in'o a covered abed or sweating -room, where they pass the night, ready for the wash in the morning. This practice of sweating the sheep over night is found to be far prefer able to keeping them In open yards, as the animal heat engendered assists the hosing process in dissolving the im purities in the wool. The benefit will be appreciated when we state that the sheep so treated do not require to remain so long in the hot soak, and consequently the yolk is left in their wool. The time occupied in washing each sheep on other stations is usually six minutes, but Mr. Gray's sheep are turned off in four and a-half minutes, or one-fonrtn less time. The sheep, being sentalong a race in the sweat ing chamber, are placed one by one on a trap which lets them down an incline into the hot soak. This soak is a trough about 25 fee$ long by four feet wide and four deep, filled with water at a temperature of 105 degrees to 110 | degrees. The trough is divided into three compartments, and each compartment holds two to three sheep at a time, the animals spending one minute in each compartment of the hot soak. In the first compartment the eheep are ' crutched,' that is to say they, are kept under water and soused about with an instrument resembling a crutch. A wooden door then elides upwaids and the sheep, already. i looking several shades lighter, are gently pushed into No. 2 compartment, where the attendants — who, by the . way, are enveloped in waterproof clothing from head to foot— take each a sheep and rub him well over with their hands, using an ordinary curry comb, when necessary, to remove the black 'tip' from the wool. After the lapse of a minute another door slides up, and the sheep pass to No. 3 compartment, where two more washers repeat the prooess of rubbing and carry combing. Before leaving the inspection of the hot soak, we take an opportunity to examine the boilers, which a-e three 400-gallon square iron tanks, built into the brickwork, with a funiaoe running the whole length underneath them. The tanks are self-feeding, and keep up their supply from tbe mam. Alongside the boilers is a copper for melting the soap, which is out up into small pieces and boiled with water from the boilers. One cwt. of soap is consumed to every thousand sheep, and Mr. Gray never rises soda, as It renders the wocri harsh, and can easily be dispensed with where the water is hot too hard or too much impregnated with iron. Their hot bath finished, the sheep are next transferred to the cold water jet. Most people, we presume, know what a sheep-jet is, as they have been in common use i n the colony for about a dozen years. But w% had better attempt a description of one, to show the difference between the apparatus at Nareeb and the ordinary kind. A jet has an orifice about three feet long and half an inch wide, and being ^ -fixed horizontally just above the position occupied by the sheep intended to be operated upon, it dis charges downwards at a pressure a perfect catarast of water. The sheep is usually placed on a kind of saddle in a trough, and a oouple of attendants, holding respectively the fore and the hind legs of the animal, turn the Bhsep round and ronnd like a joint of meat roasting en a spit, thus exposing the whole body in turn to the action of the jet. There are generally three jets in a row, so that three sheep can be washed at the sameti me. Tbe jets at Nareeb are fully six inches larger than those met with elsewhere, so as to strike simultaneously the whole body of the sheep from head to tail. This increase in the size of the jet obvi ates tbe necessity of drawing the sheep backwards and for wards, which wastes the water and gives too much of it in the middle of the body. Instead of the saddle spoken «f above, upon which the eheep rests to take the weight off fbe aims cf tbe attendants, Mr. Gray usee a pair of rollew (Sharp's Datent), which appear to facilitate the manipula tion. Not a drop of water is wasted, as, immediately the sheep has been one minute and a-half under the jets, the handle is turned off and the discharge stopped. The use of the rollers to turn the eheep is a modern improvement, the ordinary plan being to place a kind of saddle in the troogh, to support tbe body of the sheep and take the weight off tbe hands of the men. Mr. Gray in his washing apparatus has done away with the pressure-box, which is a clumsy contrivance for accumulating water above the jets. The jets at Nareeb Nareeb act direct fromthe maiupipe, which is swelled to a larger diameter above the jets so as to answer the pnrpoee of a pressure-box. The advantages are that any of the jets can be unscrewed at any time for repairs when leakage occurs, and the main pipe being closed at the end with a circular removable plate can be cl- ared out by unscrewing the plate, ehould any obstructions have found their way into it from the dam. So far as we know most pressure-boxes are a fixture, made of boiler plate and riveted together. They are not nearly so strong or durable as Mr. Gray's cast-iron pipe, and are greatly in the way of the operators. From 800 to 1000 sheep per day is the number that can be conveniently washed at these J sheds, end altogether the whole process of gathering the wool harvest occupies from four to live weeks. But revenons a tios moutons. The sheep having received the finishing touch from the cold water jet are put on a narrow platform with battened floor, which gradually opens out to an in creased width, and forms the outlet from the wash to the drying paddocks. They remain standing still for a few seconds to recover their astonishment, and to allow some of the weight of water to run off their dnpping carcasses; but as soon as they are able to travel they lose no time rejoining their washed companions at the further end of the enclosure. Their fleeces are now of snowy whiteness glistening in the sun, and the chief object is to keep them so, until the sheep come under the dominion of the shears. THE DRYING PADDOCKS. It takes about four days of fine weather before the wool on the sheep becomes thoroughly dry, and the nocessity of getting lid of the whole of the moisture is obvious, for if packed in damp condition the wool would be liable to the risk of spontaneous combustion, either in the warehouse or on board ship. The usual plan on stations is to have a suc cession of four or five drying paddooks adjoining the wash; the sheep washed on the first day being put into the first paddock, shifted next morning into the second to make room for a fresh lot, and so on until they have passed through the whole of the paddocks. Any one who has beeh on a station at shearing time must have noticed the shouting, the barking of dogs, the rushing at the sheep with green boughs, and other devices adopted in drafting them from one p'ace to another. Not only are the poor animals considerably frightened and 'knocked about by this means, but clouds of dust are raised, which penetrate into the newly- washed fleeces and stick to them, sometimes covering the legs and bellies of the animals with mud. Wherever there is a gateway leading from one pad dock to another, the turf becomes worn away by the traffic of the sheep, and the exposure to dust and dirt is increased. Mr. Gray has altered all this. Instead of the succession of paddocks, he has four long paddccks, each containing au area of 50 acres, and all radiating from the wash. The sheep, instead of being pushed daily from one paddock to another, remain in the same paddock during the whole period of four days required for drying the wool. They are never shifted when wet, there being no necessity to turn them out to make room for a fresh lot at the end of every twenty-fonr hours. There are no dogs or noise, but a couple of pets decoy the sheep wherever hey are wanted, and the flock quietly feed backwards and forwards in the long paddocks until, on the fourth or fifth day, they are removed to smaller triangular paddoeks, communicating with the shearing shed. The diagram will show the ar rangement of the fences. It remains to explain the enolosure E, marked in the plate I. The tank, holding four or five hundred gallons, and mounted twenty-five feet high inside the enclosure, has a. hose attached to it. This hose is used for sluicing the entrances to the shed, where, of course, the traffic is con | siderable, and the liability to dust and dirt most imminent. The approaches to the shed are paved, and a spr'nkling of I water occasionally before the sheep travel over them pre vents the dust rising. The underground reservoir receives ' a large body of water from the roof of the woolshed, and the force-pump, of course, is used to raise it to the iron tank above. The triangular shape ef the endosureE is to facilitate the moving of the sheep into the -shed by cutting off the comers of the drafting-paddocks D. We will now suppose the sheep intended to be shorn have been taken into I ... THE WOOLSHED. I But to give an adequate idea of the improvements in the woolshed, it wfll be necessary to show the j ground-plan upon a larger scale. Plate 1 repre- ] sents the entrances and a portion of the main body of the woolshed. Plate 2 gives the ground plan entire. It will be observed that the woolshed is shaped like the letter T. This is found to be the most convenient form, because the sheep awaiting shearing are more readily got Into the building, when they can see daylight from end to end, than if ushered into a darkened, closed-up place. The two ends by whieh they enter are left open at the gables, the animals being kept in by light gates made of battens, which slide up and down with pulleys, like a window-sash. The ' shed ' is a fine bluestone building, roofed with cor rugated iron, and the floor is of pine, except the battened portion occupied by the sheep. It should be mentioned that the floor is about four feet above the natural surface of the ground, and there are openings in the outer walls below the floor, so as to admit of the removal from time to time of the droppings which fall through the battens from the sheep. The building is lighted from the sides and roof, the gable also at one end consisting entirely of glass. It is lofty and well ventilated, and the inside walls are cemented to prevent the eheep rubbing the wool off their sides against the rough stone. The main building is 112 feet in length by a width of 43 feet, and the two wings are each 30 feet x 20 feet. Or, if we reckoned the two portions separately, we should find the woolshed proper to be 82 feet x 43 feet, and the transept 82 feet x 30 feet. The storeroom into which the sheep are first introduced is divided into pens by telescope -gates, andfrom thenoe the animals are let into a. ?race leading to the catching-pens, of whioh there are four on each side. ' The doors of the catching-pens are made to open either inside or outside, and they close of themselves after the manner of the outer doors of bankB or public offices. There are sixteen shearers — eight on each side — who take -the eheep as required from the catching pens. Each sheep when shorn is put through a door in the side wall. There are sixteen of these doors (one for each shearer), and they lead to sixteen pens erected outside the buildiag, thus keeping distinct tbe lot shorn by each shearer. The shorn sheep, having been oounted and inspected by the manager, are then passed into the branding-panel. Mr. Gray brands with ruddle and grease, which he finds far superior to pitch or tar. The ruddle and grease is impervious to rain, but it immediately washes out in the hot soak ; whereas the pitch and tar would have to be picked oat, otherwise it would damage the delicate machinery of the manufactures. We have now done with the shsep and may dismiss them, to see what becomes ef the wooL The shearers get through about 800 to 1000 per day, thus keeping pace with the washers. THE wool.. The fleece, on being ^ shorn, is taken up in one piece by an attendant, and as it adheres together, it is thrown by a peculiar knack upon the sorting tables, so as to be opened cut like a hide. The sorter then removes the bellies, sorting, and broken wool, tying up the fleece with a thin string, and tossing it into one of the bins behind him. One improvement of Mr. Gray's is that the bins are two-storied, thus affording facilities for dividing the wool into several more classes than is generally done. The ten bins on 'the lower tier are devoted to tbe usual 'first rtiiI second combing,' 'firet and second clothing,' bellies, pieces, broken, stained, &c.; The upper tier is set apart for 'dull,' ''weak,' ' tender,' and other descriptions, whilst the few black fleeces are also pat in a separate compart ment. Two passages lead from the and sorting departments into the store-room for wool, where also the press iB located. The bins have each a door in the back, opening into the pressroom, and the pressors open tfiw doors as required to fill the bales. Tnere-is nothing re markable about the press, which is of ordinary description, worked by a screw. As for the wool, it is of fine qnalitv, and always fetches a good price in tbe London market. The dip averages 240 to 260 bales, but the bales this year will be rather light, probably about Ik ? ? They are piled up in the store until the drava anW .' ®ach them away, when they make their exit tfirouch gateway, to be conveyed to Belfast, which port vv rk finds to be the best, cheapest, and most corfvenW outlet for the produce of his station. 38 the 