BUNDABERG. November 9. IT was quite refreshing for us to receive The Queenslander on Monday night last, instead of having to wait till Friday, as usual. This is as it should be, and the subscribers in the district be, district would be ever so much more satisfied, and increase in number, could such a desirable arrangement be continued. Mr. John Rowland delivered the opening address of the Mulgrave Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Society. Mr. Alexander Walker, of Bingera, was in the chair, and the persons who attended the meeting seemed highly pleased with the interesting and instructive lecture delivered for their edification. Mr. Rowland received a most hearty vote of thanks for his praiseworthy effort The Roman Catholic lottery and bazaar proved an immense success in every way. Everything passed off splendidly, and persons of every shade of opinion patronised the affair and did their utmost in assisting the ladies who had so nobly labored to make the arrangement successful. The receipts fully paid off the debt on the church and left a handsome balance for contingencies. The Court of Revision, for revising the elec toral roll of this portion of the Mulgrave elec torate, was held on Tuesday. The total number of electors now on the roll is 510. Trade has not improved any, nor is it likely to this side of the Christmas holidays. Two petitions have been prepared for signature during the week ; one praying that the Towns Police Act be brought into force here, the other that the coach between here and Maryborough be subsidised, as the oontraotor threatens to dis continue running it November 16. The " talk o' the town" for the past week has been the probability of our, at last, obtaining the long-promised railway from here to Mount Perry. The meeting held last Friday night, of which I advised you by telegram, was a great success, and the result thereof has caused much excitement, and specu lative hopes of a speedy realisation of what has of late been looked on merely as a delusive dream now has taken possession of the minds of almost the once sceptical Everyone seems to be on the gui vive, and all are nervously awaiting the fate of the Loan Estimates BilL The mere fact of the Railway Reserves 80l pawing so handsomely, ir the minds of some appears to be a sufficient guaran tee that tiie next important measure will pass the Assembly without much opposition. The long-continued dry weather has caused much sickness of a low fever type ; the water supplied us for drinking purposes is dreadfully bad; the heat is awful; and unless a change soon take place much suffering may be anticipated. The ground is quite parched, and the farmer's pros pects are not particularly agreeable. The ver dure-clad fields are now a thing of the past, and a dirty, dusty, hay-colored appearance of the grass—if such it may be termed—is met with on •11 sides. To make matters worse, bush-fires are almost continually raging in different locali ties around us, destroying what little feed remains, and giving to the Bky an ever cloudy aspect The cricket match—Bundaberg v. Mount Perry—resulted in an easy win for the latter team, with six wickets to spare. 