THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1876. ONE-FIFTH of the available revenue of the colony is now required to pay the ainnual' interest on the money it has already borrowed; yet it is proposed to increase our indebtedness :by a .further loan of £3,000,000. Of this sum £1,300,000 is for new railways not yet sanctioned by Parliament, about which we shall have something to say presently; £500,000 for school.bisild ings; £203,307 to repay sums borroived from the 'general revenue for schools and other public works; £28,000 for up-country waterwvorks ; £120,000 for the Yan Yeutn extension, and £96,693 for railway bridges. It may be argued with some force that the whole of these are really ne cessary works,, and mnoreover are of such a characteir that their chief cost should fall on tilhe future population;of the country. But the point is, is the present a fitting time"to ask such a loan from English 'capitalistsl We think not. In the first place we have an acknowledged deficit of: £200,000 which cannot be materially reduced be fore the close of the °present financial year. Then our fiscal laws are still based ipotli thst mischie?odis'systcm of protefction wlhiih is an abomiiation'in the eyes of Biritish financiei-s; and fur thor we have not -yet learned how to, govern .lss than ,a. million of people 'with an uannll expendituie of £4,000,000. Add to this that the pre sent Parliament both in personnel and influence is the worst we have had sinco the inauguratioin'of responsible govelrn ment, that, three successive ninistries have failed to carry their financial pro posals, that the Government of the day is too weak to attempt to give elfect to its own convictions, and remove the restrictions ulori trade, and that. the leader of the.Oppositiou is lolding out to the manufacturing constituencies the bait of a 50 per cent. list of customs dtities-we say add all these facts to gether,and it becomes at once apparfent that neither Parliament nor people have chosen an opportune time to raise 1at other large loan. A delay of even six months would afford timte for as to get our financial affairs into something like or'der, anud to nmature a sclheme of re trenchmennt by which the cost of government could be brought within reasonable limits, and our annual ex .penditure materially reduced. WVith regard to the item £1,300,000 for new railways. In the formal in which it' is at present sutbmittel it ought not to be sanctioned Iy Parliament under any pressuroe. The necessity for any immediate extension of our railway system is not even affirmed, and the Treasurer distinctly refuses to say in what localities he proposes to expend the money. If he "and his colleaauesl have not yet decided where new nail ways are required, it may justly Ihe argued that the need for their collstrlue tion is somewhat remote. In that caso it is at sheer waste of money to be pay ing interest on borrowed capital that we are not using. But it is to be presumned the sum asked for has not been arrived at hapl-hazard, and that it distinctly relreselts certain definite proposals for railway extension. Then we say that according to established rule atnd prto tice, a practice which no minister but Sir James M'Culloch has yet failed to respect, those prtoposals shlould be sub mitted to Parliament in the usual form before legislative ssanctiou is asked for the expenditure. In the unusual and wholly unjustifiable attitude the Minis try hla assumIed in relation to this pir posed loan fhr railwahy extension, it has exposed itself to the snspicion of an in tention to us5e5 tle nmoney emore for poli tical nasd ,party purposc's than for the general good of the colony at large. Thulas during the recess the attaount imay perhaps be allotted in sttcha a manner as to secure the sulport of holn. raembem S whose votes oa ministerial qtluortioni would be otherwsis doubttul. O)t dholad aif inpr-jcted turn in the posi tion of affairs'bring about a dissolutiona . Lefore the present. Parliament expires by effuxion of time, the £1,300,000 mnigh: be continually dangled before the eyes of lukewarm government consti-' tuencies to ensure their support to the 1 party in power. This is a line of policy that even in ; a weak Government would be utterly, indefensible. But in one sufficiently' strong to hold office after having failed to carry its budget proposals, it is especially,to be condemned, as exhibit- 1 ing an indifference to the opinions of ' hen. members of opposite convictions , not to be justified on the score of ex- t pediency nor sanctioned by that of i necessity. IT is satisfactory to notice that even at C the eleventh hour of the session steps t are being taken to press upon Parlia- d ment the urgent necessity for Electoral !1 Reform. Doubtless the earnest action 1 taken by the Conference of delegates : firom the different constituencies of the d colony, which we learn by our telegram assembled on Tuesday, has influenced t Sir James M'Cullochl to promise the t framing of a bill during the recess to i provide a more equitable distribution b of representation for country consti- I tuencies, so that the. next Parliament t will probably be elected on a more even 9 basis. The anomalies of our present u system, in which considerations of ai numerical proportion are apparently A ignored altogether, are perhaps in no S case more glaring than in that of the ti electoral districts of Gippsland. Our u southern neighbours, with 712 electors, " retnrn one memner; and the North, with 3,419 electors, nearly five times as many, also returns one member. Bel- ? fast, Portland, Kilmore, and ?Warrnam- t] bool, having respectively 362, 399, 559, M and 819 electors on the roll, return each w one member; as do also the Murray V B3oroughs with 6,07.1 electors, Rodney "V with 4,320, and Dalhousie with 3,038. "' The urgent need for Electoral Re- ir form has repeatedly, during the present V session, been brought under the notice d, of Parliament by some of the local ai governing bodies, and we believe the tc matter engaged the attention of the Sale al Borough Council a slihot time ago. WVo e, are unaware what action lias been taken, ,s if any, or if our district was represented b at the Conference. But it is imperativeo that'in a matter sucli fas this, which so c largely affects her interests, the voice of hI Gippsland should not be'silent. Local tl self-government has an extensive'foot- g ing here, including no less than five l shire 'councils and two municipalities. w If these unite with' the other local st corporations that have already taken 'r action in pressing upon the Government t! the-necessity for an immediate amend- bi ment of our system, or more correctly ai speaking want of systein,'of Parliatneni- tl tiry'representation, we may safely con elude that the present Parliament will I provido a remedly for the evils acknow ledged and complained of by the whole STihe following correspondence speaks for. itself:-" Gippsland Times Office, April t, 4, 1876. Mr II. Luke-Sir,-ln this morning's Mercury you make -the tfollow- g ing statemnent:--' For sOIeiC inontlith past, a' M r Chtarles Abraham Saint, of the Gipps- c| land Times, has been using our reports, . telegram;i, &c.;, and as long n'"these reports , were used in tihe succeeding papers we reimaincd' silent.' Will you favour me with the instancesof my so copying your a, reports and telegrams upon which you -1 base this statementt? It is :a serious charge, in a jonrnalistic sense, and is caiily t1 capable of proof, if true.-Yours, &c.;, I, C. A. SAIST." " Gipp.sland lercury - Office, April 4, 187. C.A. Saint, Sale.- t( Sir,--In answer to your note iof this date, % the facts you request will be easily proved t, on insliectionu of your copy 'and files.- ci Yours, &c.;,' H. LUKE." The meaning in tended to be, conveyed by the 1Mercury is t obvious enough-ithat it hns been a coin- i man practice on the. part of the Times to transfer to its c,,lumn1i "the reports, tele grams, &c;,"' of the :flercury; We deny I the existcnde of any ficts by which such n an assertion can be justified. Mr Lklce l says -they can bhe "easily found." We cl submit that in common fairness he is h therefore bound to produce them, for a which purpose'our files are at his service, if necessairy. With respect to the Heart " telegram-we wired to Messrs KIing and I Cunningham on Frilday asking themt, send the results of the sale, but those gentlemen " failing to comply with the request, we used the telegram issued by the Mercury, and in accordance with recognised press custom, acknowledged it. This act on our part seems to have occasioned the state- ' ment which Mr Luke is invited to esta blish, ifhe can. • . : tl We have received "Observer's" vindica- ' tion of his original letter on the subject of the recent lecture on superstition, but we do ntot think 'that any. good purpose will be served by opening up a' discussion,, which could never end satisfactorily, and must therefore draw the line here. ' r An advertisement in another column .n announces that a "branch of the.Bank of I Victdoria is to be opened atMaffra on or t about the 18th instant. It will be under 'd the niangemtuent of Mr F. H. Wallen, who a until recently was in charge of the Foster c branch of the Bank. t It will gratify the numerous friends of Mr Borthlwick, whlo some months since .was transferred from the National Bank t at Sale to the Taradale branch of that in stitution, to learn that he is about being recalled to this ncighbourhood to take charge of the branch at Maffra. The Murray, which sailed yesterday for t MeIclbourne, took away the prisoners M'Donald and Colqluhoun, convicted at the late General Sessions of horse stealing and grievous assault respectively; also, IIcenry Turner, who was sentenced at the PIlice Court on T''uesday to eighteeni months' imprisonment on charges of steal- I oing two watches belonging to C. 'Tyson aud C. Murphy, of lcyficld. Large takes of perch continue to reivard the etlbrts of our local anglers. Among the prizes secured last week by a party , were twvo beautiful specimens of the golden perch, which are seldom to be met with, anid the unusual luck wliich attended the party may perhIaps Ie attrilbutedl to tim:e Tresenc of the " tishcnirmt of 10 rverrs i standing," wvhose cnpturri it' the tinnyv :rihc often excite the' admiration of Ih i brother Piacatora. The anniversary services of the Briago long Presbyterian Church will be com meimorated on Sunday next, and on Wed nesday, 12th inst., a tea meeting will be held. The number of local subscribers for the next Art Union drawing is unpreceden tedly large, amounting, we understand to nearly 50. Mr J. W. Carroll, who has acted as agent in Sale, has been assured by FMr Cyrus Mlason that the Academy pic tures for selection by the prizetakers are the finest Australian collection ever ex hibited. A little girl aged 7, the daughter of a man named Vincent, residing at Rosedale, died yesterday after three days' illness. As the deceased had received every atten- tion from her parents, the deputy coroner informed the police, who duly reported the circumstance, that he did not consider an inquest necessary. A lunatic named Walter Leitch, lately discharged from the Sale Hospital, and who was committed to the Kew Asylum, died at the Wulhalla police station yester day, in consequence of prostration follow inag on maniacal fits. Sergeant Hopkinson, the officer in charge of the station, appears to have taken every care of the poor fellow during his last illness. We have received the following publica tions :-From M.essrs G solon and Gotch, the Australasian A.B.COGuide for April. From the editor, the Melburnian, ajournal brought out by the boys of the Church of England Grammar School, agreeably writ ten and capitally printed by Messrs Fer guson and Mooare. The Australian Jour nal for the current mouth contains 'as usual an ample supply of serial -tales and abort narratives, including the "Detective's Album," and the usual page of colloquial shoddy from the-pen of Dr. L. L. Smith, tending to show forth that gentleman's unerring wisdom and modern enlighten ment. l'he journal has, in addition, a fair epitome of the month's news. It is intended, we are informed, to for mally ask Sir C. G. Dully to stand for North Gippsland at the next election, andl that preliminaries have been commenced with that view. Another constituency will apparently bid for thehon gentleman. We hear (writes the Ilorsham Times) upon what we are forced to consider excellent authority, that there is a strong proba bility of Sir Charles GavanDuffy contest ing the next election for the Wimmrera. We should have felt disposed to turn a tleaf ear to this report were it not that we are positively assured, not only of the in tention of Sir Charles, but of steps having already been taken to support hum, in the event of a dissolution. From our know" ledge of the district, however, we should say that these steps would be doomed to be taken in vain. A correspondent of the Dairnsdale Courier writes from Manero:-For the last few weeks we have had very heavy thunderstorms, which have refremhed the grass in proper time for the winter months, and we are in hopes of having 'a good winter. On account of the low price of stock in Gippoland a great many of the stockowners are sending their cattle to Tuinmlt, Wagga VWagga, and Albury, so that not as many cattle will cross the border as formerly., I have not heard of any cattle starting for Gipp.land, and I think are not likely to, until the prices improve; at present the price wanted at Mancro is £6 per head. The Bairnsdale Courier of Saturday says-Wehavejuastreceived intimation of a most disastrous hushfire which occurred about ten milestrom Bsirasdale near Litke Victoria, on Saturday last, and which has rendired honseless and alnmost destitute a most industrous and very deserving selec tor MIr Fredrick Baudinet. lie had at gremt expense and much labour and in dustry made himself-in a manner comfort able and had a quantity of wattle bark, chopped and unchopped, ready for market, worth £60, a quantity of shingles with which to complete his house, worth £20, and building materials and fences, worth £17. When quite alone a bushfire made its appearance and in, a few mornenti swept everything before it. The wind, our readers will remember, was very high on that day, so that there was no chance of saving anything, as the fire leapt 50 feet at each blast. We hear that in addition to the above losses he had also a dog-cart worth £20, all his stores, wearing apparel, tools, fences, huts and sheds, burned. No clue can he obtained as to how, the fire originated; but surely it is the duty of the police tio make enquiry, so that sini lar disasters may be prevented in future. The Age returns to the charge .of drunkenness against Mr Davies, Chair man of Committees, and sets out the cir cimnstaisces atteinding' the alleged intnxi cation while the Chairman was engaged in his duty. There was a dispute on the evening in question, on a point of order, between -Mr Mtunro antd the chairman. Mr Munro would not give way, and Mr Davies, on his own motion, moved himself out of the chair for the pnrpose of report ing the matter to the Speaker. While waiting for the arrival of the Speaker lMr WV. C.Smith attempted toexpostulate with the Chairman on his conduct, and in re sponse, Mr Davies 'said, ' Go to h-, andI hurst yourself."'. He-e used language equally foil to other members; The cause of con tentioil was reported to the Speaker, who, though perfectly sober, upheld the ruling of the Chairman. Mr Graham Berry and Mr W. O. Smith, M.L.A., arrived at Benalla at seven o'clock on Monday evenine, and addressed a very crowded and enthusiastic meeting. The following resolutions were moved and car ried:-l. "'l'hat this meeting is of opi nion that the fact of Sir James M'Culloch having failed to.carry his intended taxa tion' into effect, and its he only succeeded in 'displacintg the late Ministry withl that avowed intention, we view with alarm his continuation in offace, being of opinion that a covered motive is his olject, where by our best interests are placed in jeo purdy, andt as it is adtlmitted on all sildes that the disorganised state of the Assembly bhits rendered it incapable of effecting use ful legisluation, it is imperative that an im mediate dissolution should beh granted." 2. " T'rhat this meeting wishes to express its entire ipprnval and thanks to the Opposi tion in Parliament for the determined stand they made in their effrts to force a dissolution of the Assembly in accordance with the expressed wiahbes of the majority of the people." Time Bendigo Advertiser publishes a re port of thie gold vield and dividends from the mines of that district for the first quarter of 1876. The yield of the quar ter has been 68,633ez as againsit 63,463;o for the corresponding quarter no" last year, sholwin an increase of 5,200nz. The dividends amount to t101,486 15s 8d showing an increase of £59,288 5s 4d. The calls for the past quarter amounted to £30,919, as against £2.t2,498 for the cor responding rluarter of last year, being ni increase of £4,420. The balance in favour of dlividends over calls is £70,.67, whlilst in the first iquarter of last year the balatnce was £15,700. In the course of his examinatiuon in the Learmonth v. Bailey suit, Mr Bailey said that his share of the profits since the mine was sold had amounted to £30,000. The death is reported of George Elphin stone Dalrymple, who was identified with the interests of the colonyv ince its separa tion from New South Wales. lie was once Colonial Secretary, and the last Go vernment Resident atat Somerset; also the explorer of the Johnstone, Mossatan, and Daintree rivers. The growing of the tobacco plant seems to be successful in Riverina. We (Echo) notice that no less than 220 tons of to bacco, grown on the banks of the Upper Murray, have been forwarded from Wo donga to Melbourne by rail since the 12th of July last. A telegram from Cnoktown on Monday says:-'" The Cooktowin Herald publishes a strong caution to men who are leaving to wait for reports as to the character of the yield. There are no provisions there, and if the rush be large, there may be starvation. The blacks also are trouble some." Mdile Ilma de lfurska still remains in Melbourne (writes the correspondent of the Hampden Guardian). 'VThe poor lady is very low in spirits at present. She lives in a boarding-house iil Spring street, with no one but her maid, and is quite secluded. After all it turns out that Mr Anderson left a will, and therefore Mdlle de Murska's application for letters of administration will be null and void. It is not at all im probable that an extensive law suit will result. The Ballarat Courier. says :-" The scarlet fever epidemic is rapidly disappear ing. Not a fresh case has bern nmet with in Ballarat during the last three days, and those persons still ill with the disease are quickly recovering. The storms of last Saturday week,.tugether with the heavy winds of th.e past few days, appear to have completely destroyed the germs of the disease." The Ballarat Courier writes :-" The scarlet fever epidemic is rapidly. disappear ing. Not a fresh case has been' me.t with in Ballarat during the last three days, and those persons still ill with the disease are quickly recovering. The storm' of last Saturday week,'together with the heavy winds of the past few days, appears to have completely destroyed the germs of the disease. 'the closing of several of the schools, and the withdrawal ofat least one half the children from those schools which remained opeo, have no doubt also largely contributed to bring about this desirable I result." William II. Powell was prosecuted at the Williamstown Police Court on Friday, by Henry Davis, thistle inspector for the shire of Wyndhaml, for neglecting to des troy all the thistles on his property at Tauganina, after having received due no tice. The proceedings were taken under the 4th section of the T'histle Prevention Statute, 1875, and Baron von Mueller was called to prove that the thistles, of which a bagful was produced, were of the class named in section 3 of the act.' Powell re ceived notice several months ago from the council of Wyndham to destroy the thistles on his ground, but in common with many other persons in the neighbourhood he neglected to comply with the demand. He was fined the mininmul penalty fixed by the act, £5, with £2 2s costs. The de fendant (says the Argus) expressed his intention of having a case stated.. Mr Leslie J. Sherrard, whose death wiis announced on lfonday, was well known in conaunercial circles in Mhelbourne, hav ing been for many years managingi. part neor in the soft-goods firm of Macarthur, Sherrard, and Co., Flinders-lane east. Mr Sherrard, who was a leading man in tae Wesleyan Churnch, has been for some time past sualfring from an internal disease, or the relief of which he was advised to take a voyage to England. Hie did not, how ever, receive any benefit fromin his' trip homse, and since his return has never en *joyed good health. Hle had always taken an active part in commercial atflirs in'this city, and was the first chairman of the hoard of directors of the Coimmercial Bank. Mrs Sherrard has also been in a weak state of health for some time past, and only left 'Melbourne fr Esgland 'about 10 days ago. Tlhe funeral of the deceased gentleman took place on Tuesdaly. The cortege conmprised fourteen mourning coaches, nod and forty private vehicles, following the four-horse hearse in which the body was coinveyed. David Nisbet,,better known as Scotch Jack," an old colonist, died very-suddenly ori Saturday morning, at his residence, Otter-street. Collingwood. The deceased was a dealer in horses, and was known all over Victoria, and in adjacent colonies and New Zealand, having imported a large number of valuable Clydesdale horses. Recently he went to his native country, Scotland, and brought out a number of fine entires of that breed. .On Saturday morning-Nisbet arose, apparently in good health, at about 6 o'clock. Hie went to market and afterwards drove home, and went into the stable where the Clydesdale horses were, to itispect them. He was standing at the head of one of thlese 'ani mals when he suaddenly fell. A stablemnan, who lheard hima full, went to him at once and found that he was dead. Nisbet was considered to be over 70 years of age. The cause of death was disease of the heart. A CONSTANT DESTRUCTION of bodily substance goes on in the human system even in a state of health. This destructive process is magnified fifty-fold by disease when it so completely overbalances nutrition, that the system is speedily worn out. Kidney diseases, uterine complaints, rheumatism and undue nervousness cause a tremendous waste of tissue. ''The loss of strength and substance engendered by these and other maladies, is most effectually compensated for by UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AROMATIC SCHNAPPS.-[Advt.] 