ARRIVAL OF THE STEAMER QUEENSLAND. The E. and A. s. Queensland, from Foo Chow Foo, with about 2500 tons of new season's tea, arrived on Saturday, aud was at once taken nlongsido the Sandridgo Rail way Pier to discharge her cargo, which will bo done expeditiously. The passage was a most rapid one to as far as Sydney, notwith standing the unusually heavy head winds ex perienced during a portion of tho run, aud iu conscquenco sho had to put into Sydney to replenish her stock of fuel. This is tho second appearance of this magnificent steamer in our waters ; on the first a full description of her wns given, there is therefore no no. ccssity for reitorating what was said before. Tho following is the report of her passage : — At ten a.m., 0th inst., started from Foo Chow. Noon, pilot left ; midnight, passed north end of Island of Formosa. 7th, blow ing strong gale from S.E., which lasted for twenty-four hours, afterwards experienced fine weather aud light S.E. winds down North Pacific Ocean. 13th, passed to the eastward of Pollow Islands, and sighted a large iron ship bound from Australia to China; was too far distant to make out signals. 15th, crossed the equator; beautiful calm clean wether. Kith, passed between Admiralty Islands and south-east coast of Now Guinea. . All the islands lying off the latter being covered with luxuri ous vegetation from tho summit down to the water's edge, and all seemingly inhabited, judging from tho smoke from bushfires during the day, or lights at water's edge at night from parties engaged iu fish ing. Six a.m., 17tli, passed Cape King William on mainland of New Guinea, oppo- site Now Britain. Hero tho country seemed beautiful, such a contrast to the barren, rugged-looking features everywhere pre- sentable on the northern parts of Australia. A short distance behind the Cape tho mountains rise above 11,000 feet high. Of the two highest peaks one is named Gladstone and the other Disraeli. On tho 19th passed to the east ward of Louisiado Archipelago, being off Rossol Island at threo p.m. To give an idea of the clearness of tho atmos phere, the isiand was vioible at eight a.m., scveuty miles off. From thence a course was shaped south ; but instead of meeting with the S.E. trades, we ex perienced a wind from south, which, as wo approached tho parallel of 20 (leg. south, had increased to a strong gale, with heavy head sea. This continued to 30 deg. south, when it began to moderato. Six p.m., 23rd, passed Capo Moreton. When off Richmond and Clarence Rivers found tho discolored water caused by the freshets six miles off the coast. Elevou a.m., 25tb, off Port Stephens. Endeavored to sig. naliso boat from tliero and Clarence River, but found telcgraphio communication interrnptcd. Seven p.m., arrived off Syd. ney Heads, and went iu to augment supply of coals, which was nearly exhausted through such strong head winds ; loft again at half- past seven p.m. 20th; had westerly winds, with falling barometer, coming down the coast. Five p.m., 27th, passed Gabo. Midnight, barometer down to 29.35 ; strong gale.with head sea. Six a.m. 2Stb, blow ing exceedingly' bard, with vory high con fused cross sea and heavy blinding showers of rain ; engines going dead slow ; this continued till six p.m., when gale and sea began to moderate- aud woathcr clear up ; barometer, 29.70, and rising. Two a.m., 29tb, passed Wilson's Promontory; fresh gale from westward, With decreasing Bea. Half-past eleven : Passed Cape Schanck ; strong breeze from north-west, which mode rated as we approached the Heads. At two p.m. was off Queenscliff, and at five p.m. arrived alongside Sandridge Railway Pier. 