§#1 §«pi8. ' PUBLISHED DAILY. 'lorn In tho placo where lorn demanded of conscience to speak tho truth, and, thoroloro, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list" I TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications Intended for in- sertion in tho news columns should ho addressed to Ton EDITO». No notice can bo taken ol anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address ot the writer, not neccesarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected communications cannot bo returned under any circumatanccs whatever. To avoid inconvonlonce and dolay to persons interested we have to request that all business communica- tions, including advertisements, orders tor the paper, and remittance«, bo addressed to Wiuoa and MACKWHON, and not to TUB EDITOR. OPERA-HOUSE. TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1876. The latest accounts from the seat of wai on the Danubo Boom to show that the Turks, as they have so often been before, aie too powerful foi theil rebel subjects. The Servians, it is reported, are retreating from Sienitza, and the Turkish army haa occupied Yatshar, at which point also the Servians aro re- ported to be retreating. Sienitza is a town in the south-east of Bosnia, be- tween the boundaries of Servia and Montenegro, and occupies an important position on the line of communication botween Southern Turkey and Bosnia. That the Servians have been com- pelled to abandon this post BIIOWB that theil effort to join hands with the Montenegrins, and so close to the Turks the entrance into Bosnia, has been unsuccessful. The distance between the Montenegrin and Servian frontiers at this point is only about thirty miles, and there aro several defiles in the line of communication here which are highly defensible. That the insurgents, therefore, have boon unable to maintain their ground at this important point would seem to show that they have miscalculated theil strength, and that notwithstanding their preparations, and the partial collapse of the Turkish resources, they are still overmatched. This view of the potation is, BO far, confirmed by the othei item of news, viz., the occupation of the fortress of Yatshar. This evidently refers to Baitchar, a fortified town on the upper course of the Timok, a river which in its lower part formai the eastern boundary of Servia before it ' falls into the Danube. Saitchar is situated about ten miles from the frontier, and on the western bank of the river, BO that the Turks have not only been able to pass the mountains which here defend the frontier, but have also crosaed the Timok in sufficient force to compel the Servians to retreat, and leave Saitchar to its fate. Thus both on the east and on the weat, the Turks seem to be advancing, and the obvious inference to be drawn is, as we have already said, that they are too strong for the insurgente. This was predicted by Borne of the leading English journals when hostilities began. The Turka, it was said, whatever might be tbeir faults, knew how to fight, and, moreover, they were better armed and better disciplined than the Servian troopB, a large proportion of whom are merely a militia, destitute of that discipline and esprit de corps which contribute BO greatly to the strength of a regular army. The Times' Vienna despatch further hits a fatal blot in the Servian army, by stating " there are dissensions among the " Servian leaders. Each desires " to have his own way, but all are " against General TCHERNAIXFF, who is " a foreigner." If this be the spirit in which the campaign is being conducted on the part of the insurgents, lhere can be only one reBult if they are left to their own resources. But will they be left to their own re- sources ? On this point hangs the peace of Europe, and not only of Europe, but of nearly all Asia. That Austria will not interfere is, we think, certain, for, alone, the riak of interference is for her too great, and it is evident that diplo- matic action has not yet advanced so far as to have established a basis of union between her and Germany, or be- tween her, Germany, and Great Britain. That alliance is one of the probabilities of the future, but Germany is not likely to join in such an alliance till Russia has fairly committed herself by some overt action. This Bhe has hithorto carefully abstained from doing. AU Bhe bas hitherto done for the insur- gents has been done in such a manner as to free her from direct responsibility. It is true General TCHER NAIEFF is at the head of the Ser- vian army, and it is also true that he was a few years ago the Kuasian general in command of the army of invasion in Central Aeia. But he is now not on the Buesian army list, and therefore his present action is beyond the limits of diplomatic interference or complaint. It is also well known that Bussia is as yet unprepared for war, and it is all but certain, therefore, that so far merely as the wishes of the Russian Government are concerned, the insurgents will be left to their fate if the Turkish victory is speedy and decisive. But, purely despotic as the Russian Government is supposed to be, those who know Bussia best Bay that on this question it is doubtful whether the Government hold the question of interference or non-interference in their own hands. The people, or a ruling sec- tion of them, feel so strongly the im- portance of seizing Turkey, or at least of aiding the Turkish insurgent, whatever may be the consequences, that it is gene- rally believed the question of peace or war is not in the hands of the Govern- ment. If this be the case, and there is much reason to think that it is so, then the newB we published in our issue of yesterday is of very great importance. For in such a case decisive Turkish success will mean this-that the insur- gents will be overpowered, and will, in the usual Turkish fashion, be treated with such gross cruelty and barbarity as will force the hand of Bussia, and compel her Govern- ment to send troops to their assistance. If this be done-if a Russian corps crosses the Pruth-it will be "as the " letting out of the waters," and there will be ere long such a marshalling of the nations of Europe as we have not witnessed Bince the days of Leipzic and Waterloo. The time is opportune foi bringing forward a proposition to confer a Parlia- mentary representative upon the Mel- bourne University, and thus to create seven instead of six new Beats in the future Assembly. Such a proposal ought to meet with the hearty support of members on both sides of the House, while it could scarcely fail to receive the approbation of the general public. For some years to come the extension and perfecting of our system of national education must bo an object which will continue to occupy the anxious atten- tion of the Legislature, because there is no question superior to it in import- ance. The Buccess or the failure of democratic institutions depends upon the intelligence or the unintelligence of those electors who, by their numbers, are necessarily the masters of the situa- tion. Manhood suffrage presupposes that every man who is invested with the franchise is qualified to make a thoughtful and rational use of it, and to Lave been qualified by education to form a correct judgment of public men and of political affairs, and to feel an en- lightened interest in the discreet selec- tion of the formel and in the honest and capable administration of the latter. We need not Btop to inquire how far such a foregone conclusion has been fal- sified by experience, nor to point out the causes which have made demagogism popular in this colony, and have brought a claasof political traders and tricksters into undesirable and mischievous prominence. We cannot undo the post, but we can take the necessary precautions to prevent a recurrence of such a state of things in the future. And the only efficient safe- guard is now universally admitted to be that of making education co-extensive with the suffrage, and of diffusing instruc- tion just as widely as we distribute political power. Now, the Melbourne University is an institution which is closely identified with the cause of popular education. It may be said to crown the edifice of which oui common Bchools constitute the broad basis. Ita governing body Includes a number of men who have made the art of teaching their speoial Btudy, and who have distinguished themselves as scholars and professors. Ita senate is composed of members drawn from every grade of society, and who may be regarded as representing, in a general way, the flower of its intellect, while their numbera and theii social influence will go on augmenting . year by year. To give an institution of this kind « representative in the Legislative Assem- bly would be something more than an appropriate and well-deserved compli. ment to a university which opens its doors to all comers, and awards ita honours to every student who proves bimeelf worthy of them, without rogard to country, creed, or claaa. The Lower House would be a gainer by it, because any member elected by Buch a body would be certain to be chosen on ac- count of the superiority of his intellect and the eminence of his character while from the very nature of his constituency, ho would occupy a posi- tion of independence as regards the trammels of party, and could deliver himself on any important public ques- tion with the freedom of a speaker who is under no obligation to pander to the prejudices of the crowd, or to consider what effect his words will have upon euch and such a class of employers or employed, or to adjust his opinions to the variable guata of popular caprice. No one can have watched the work- ing of representative institutions in this colony during the last twenty years with- out having been frequently and painfully reminded of the cowardice of BO mauy of our public men, as exhibited in the surrender of their convictions to the clamour of popular ignorance. They have had to choose between the sacrifico of their principles and the risk of being rejected by their constituents at the next general election, and they have generally chosen the former alternative. They have suffered themselves to be driven, where they ought to have led ; and bave succumbed toa pressure which they Bhould have courageously resisted, and might, perhaps, have eventually overcome. It is not out of such plastic materials that true statesmen are mado ; and the chief factors of history have not been politicians belonging to the order of invertebrates. Now, it would be no inconsiderable advantage to our system of government if the popular branch of the Legislature comprehended even one member with the entire courage of his opinions, and capable of expressing himself freely and forcibly upon every question before the ?House, without the slightest regard ¡whatever to the pleasure or the dis- pleasure he might excite in suburban tap-rooms, or in cliques or coteries of any kind-one member who waa not at the beck and call of provincial depu- tations, who was entirely exempted from the necessity of negotiating for depart- mental favours on behalf of locally influential constituents, and who waa not liable to be persecuted by in- dispensable wire-pullers to. solicit the Government of the day to provide them with eligible billets. Such a gentleman would occupy an enviable position as the representative of the chief educational institution of the country ; and we cannot help be- lieving that his independence would lend exceptional weight to his speech and conduct in the estimation of the community generally, and that the force of his example would not bo alto- gether lost upon Borne of the more high minded and the better-educated of the members around him. i We need scarcely remind our readers that, in the House of Commons, the various English, Scottish, and Irish Universities are represented by eight members-two for Oxford, two for Cam- bridge, one for the London, one for Edinburgh and St. Andrew's, one for Glasgow and Aberdeen, and one for Dublin, the London University having been provided with a representative by the last Beform Act. As a general rule, the members so chosen are distinguished by their eminence in statesmanship, law, literature, or science; and several of the greatest prime ministers of England have felt it to be an honour to be elected by these seats of learning, upon which they have in their turn reflected the highest lustre. The Melbourne Uni- versity is an institution of which wo have every reason to be proud, and which can acarcely fail to play an important part in the future hiBtory of the colony. We_ should do well, therefore, to associate it with our political life, and to give it an op- portunity of contributing to our legis- lative discussions, and to the important business of law-making, the best intel- lect, the ripest experience, and the highest eloquence it can command. By so doing, the public will be the greatest gainers ; for while an eighty-fifth voice in the Assembly is but a small boon to the University, its representative would be almoBt certain to constitute a valu- able addition to both the thinking and the debating power of the Lower House. Several persons woro proceeded against in tho Dlstriot Court yesterday for soUIng colonial wine in a way not authorised by tho torms of their licences. According to tho 8th section of tho Wines, Boor, and Spirits Statute. " A colonial wine ltconca " shall authorise the licensee being an " occupant of a houso or premisos of tia " rent or value of £10 a year in tho city " of Melbourne or town of Geelong or " any borough, or of £5 a year m " country dlstriots, to sell and dispoBOOi " any wino, cider, or perry in qimntttlos " not exceeding two gallons, the produce " of fruit grown in the colony, and to w « consumed in the howe or premws (¡e <. scribed in such licence." A BUDBO quent clause (45th) Imposes a penalty on any one who may dispose ot any liquor without a licence, or in any way as to timo, placo, quantity, or man ner not authorised by tho licence obtainou. It appears that ever Binco this «-a--TJ?£ been in force, tho condition imposodwltn regard to the consumption on tho pro- mises of the liquor sold has beon systema- tically violated by tho wine-Bhop w>°P«f» either through ignorance or, design, ino members of tho Licensed Victuallers Association, howover, rocontl>; espion this joint in the armour of their rivoli, and announced their Intention of pro- ceeding against tho offenders.. Under trio circumstances, the corporation revonuo inspector had no alternativo but to pur, the law In motion, and heneo the_ pro coedings of yesterday. There can be no doubt, we think, that the inoluslon of tho words we havo italicised was an over- sight on tho part of tho Legt«0' « would bo absurd to suppose that when granting these vintners penrJsslon to sou two gallons, which Is equal to¿no dozen of ordinary fenuted quart bottleSj, ItW tended to lnslat that the whole q-»"*7 shouldbo consumed on the premlBes,wltfon virtually means at one flitting. 1Ç wT evidently Intended that small consumers should fie enabled to lay -»»mo*or8£ quantity for home contraction, -n w rjordanco with the polloy which l£ "AS enactment of Mr. MICHIE*» "single bottle measure. Mr. CALL, as <£*^°7£tt! bench, laid that the rnagifltrato. w«6»"! of tM» opinion, but that an the law stooa .they had no option in the matter. The requirements of justice, however, were held to be satisfied by the infliction on one of the defendants of the lowest fine which the 45th clause already alluded to Imposes, but of course anyone trans ?grcBsing in futuro will be liable to be ¿mulcted In a similar Bum. It ia said that tho persona aggrieved intend to petition Parliament for a repeal of this moat absurd provision, and certainly thoro . can bo no doubt as to the justice of their claim for redrosB. Tho Government will probably propose to deal with the aubjoot fn connoxion with the promised bill to amend the law relating to the sale of fer- mented and spirituous liquors, but as it is very doubtful whether this moaauro will see the light during the present session, wo think that some private member might >take the matter in hand. If all sidos of the House expressed a willingness to remedy this injustice without discussion, pending the settlement of the wholo question, the Premier might be induced to facilitate the passage of a ahort bill to .remedy tho obvious blunder. The amount borne on the estimates mow undor consideration by the Legisla- tive Assembly for the uses of the Zoo- logical and Acclimatisation Society, is -only £1,500, or £50U less than was voted for the same purpose last year. How the society would be able to get along with the smaller amount, it la difficult to conjecture. It has no income beyond the annual Government grant, and a small Bum that la annually subscribed, and the joint amounts would barely suffice to keep the society going, oven If it made no effort to further improve its grounds, or to enrich its collections. But efforts are constantly being made in both direc- tions, and during the past year a great deal has been effected, as will be seen from some particulars in regard to the Booiety's operations which will be found elsewhere in our present issue. We hope hon. members will see thoir way to deal- ing no less liberally with the aociety ihlfl year than it did last year. We feel satisfied that they would do so if only they had paid a visit to the esta- blishment in the Eoyal-park, and seen for themselves what has been done there, and is being done. The society's grounds are no mere show place, where idle people may while away an afternoon in frivoloua amusement. They aro in the best and truest sense- of the word an educational 'institution. They abound in object lessons which all young people should 2)0 taught while their minda are recep- tive of new ideoa, and their memories easily impressed. Ko school education ia complete that ia not supplemented by some study of nature ; and in the society's collection, specimens of the animate and Inanimate natural productions of all parts of the world are grouped together, and are aa easy to read aa any school lesson book. It is to be observed, too, that the Society practises the most scrupulous economy, and spende nothing for which there ia not good value received, Xhat so much baa been done with so little affords conclusive proof that the gardens and the contained collections have «been skilfully and carefully managed. In view of these facts, we think the Legis- lature mil scarcely hesitate to improve a little upon the hon. Treasurer's in- tentions in regard to the Bociety, as ex- pressed in Ma estimates of expenditure lor the current year. The first Government buainegs to be pro- ceeded with in the Legislative Assembly this afternoon will be the farther consideration Di the Education Act Amendment Bill, the debate on Mr. MacBain's proposed new clause baving to be resumed. When this subject has been disposed of, Mr. Macpherson will move the second reading of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill, the debate on which is likely to last the remainder of the sitting. In the Legislative Council, Mr. Anderson Will move for leave to bring in a bill for confirming the titlo to certain rights and easements, and will afterwards move the second reading of the Justices of the Peace Bill. The Juries Law Amendment Bill has »leo to be further considered in committee. In accordance with a promise given in the 'Assembly on Wednesday last, the Attorney General yesterday brought under the notice of the Cabinet the desirability of making certain alterations in the Main Hoads Main- tenance Bill. The measure is one which in its present shape has met with general dis- approval throughout the country, and the necessity for a modification of the proposals Submitted has been acknowledged by the Government. A statement on the subject Will be made this afternoon, It is probable, as indicated by Mr, Kerferd in reply to a deputation from the conference of local bodies, that power will be reserved to the Governor in Council to allow such local bodies as desire to retain tolls to do so. In many instances local bodies have mortgaged their tolls, or entered into heavy liabilities on the strength of the revenue they derived therefrom, and the total abolition of tolla would seriously embarrass them, Farm vehicles will doubtless be exempted from the operation of the wheel-tax, the incidence of which will be altered in some degree. The régulation of the width of tires is one upon the desirability of which all local bodies are agreed. The Chief Secretary has received by the Californian mail a copy of a communication despatched by Mr. 0. C. Levey, secretary to the Victorian Exhibition Commission, to Mr. James Munro, M.L.A., a member of the commission. He states that judgment has been obtained opainat the owners of the Skerryvore for the sum of £1,495, but as the vessel has been sold for very little more than the amount due upon lier for men's wages and the advances on bottomry, the prospects of the Vic. iotian claim being satisfied depend upon Whether the agents of the ship in New York can be compelled to refund the money paid to them for freight This question will de- pend upon a point which cannot be deter- mined for some time. Mr. Levey mentions that he has forwarded by the mail the claims npon the Melbourne underwriters, estimated Bt about £1,500. He soys also that the Vic lorian court bos been commented on in a SnoBt gratifying manner both by the press and the public, and that the Exhibition has ¡been thoroughly successful in bringing before the minda of the American people the ad. Vantages of emigration to and residence in Victoria. We might believe this flatter- ing tale had we not received from an inde- pendent sources a more unvarnished and less satisfactory account of the appearance we have presented in Philadelphia. Mr. liOvoy intimates that in pursuance of the arrangement made in his previous letter le has drawn for £250, making £350 still to draw for. It is to be presumed that the Government will provide for these drafts, as they were obliged to in the former in Stance. The Attorney-General, in reply to a depu tatton from the Chamber of Commerce, yes- terday, promised that the Harbour Trust Bill (should be introduced in the Legislative As- sembly this evening. He stated that the bill was quite ready, and that the Government was desirous that the measure should be Passed. It only remained now for the Legis- lature to deal with it. Mr. Langton, who accompanied the deputation, expressed his opinion that the measure, being a non political one, would be passed through with- out difficulty, and stated that he believed the legislature would, if required, meet on Mon- days in order to deal with the Important measures to be submitted, more especially aa the next Parliament would have Ita attention devoted to fiscal matters. A Chart has been prepared showing the 1 -Wundaries o! the area which it ia pro» ï>OBed to reserve for the purposes of the Harbour Trait. The boundaries may be «scribed briefly to be-from the Feils-bridge ¡ following the course of the Tarra to ita I month, a atrip of land being reserved'on either Bide, including all the wharves, &c;, ; the Saltwater River up to Hopkins-street; Stony Creek np to the Williamstown abattoirs; and Hobson's Bay from Point Gellibrand to the St Kilda abattoirs jost within Point Ormond, taking in a strip o* ' beach all round. Within this area are in- cluded all the docks (not excepting the Alfred graving dock), piers, and wharves at Williamstown, Sandridge, and Melbourne. The WeBt Melbourne swamp and the Sand- ridge Bend are not, however, embraced in the boundaries, and should an; scheme for a direct canal from Melbourne to the bay be adopted, fresh powera would be required from Parliament before the trust established under this meaanre could deal with auch a proposal. The Miniater of Education received a depu- tation yesterday from several ministers of religion and laymen who were desirous that Mr. MacBain'a amendment upon the Educa- tion Bill allowing Behool buildings to be need for religions instruction before as well aa after school hours should receive the sup. port of the Oovemment. Mr. Ramsay said the practical objections were auch that the Oovemment bad determined to oppose the motion to the utmoat. The duties of Secretary for Railways will be performed by Mr, Labertouche, chief clerk, who has been for many years in the service, and is universally liked. Pending the decision of Parliament on the proposals of the Government for vesting the management of the Victorian Railways in a board of commissioners, it is not likely that any definite appointment will be made. Mr. Steavenson left for England yesterday in the Lincolnshire. The President of the Legislative Council has isaned a writ for the return of a member to represent the Western Province in the Legislativo Council, to fill the vacancy caused by the retirement (by rotation) of the Hon. W. Skene. The date of nomination ia August 29, the date of polling September 11, and the return of the writ September 25. Sir Charlea Sladen has announced hie candidature. Mr. Skene does not purpose offering himself for re-election. | A meeting of the magistrates who adjudi- cated on the first charge of evasion of duties preferred at the District Court against Mr. Geo. Stevenson, of the firm of L, Stevenson and Sons, waa held yesterday for the parpóse of receiving the case prepared by the Crown solicitor aa the case which should be sab mitted to the Supreme Court on the law points raised by the prosecution during the hearing of the charge. It waa decided to for- ward the statement prepared to Meaara. Blake and Riggall, the solicitors for the de- fendant, in order that they might have an opportunity of Btating any objections to the manner in which it waa drawn up. By the San Francisco mail the family of the late Rev. A. M. Henderson received in- telligence in reference to the rev. gentleman's last illness. He arrived at Toronto on May 20 on a visit to his nephew, Mr. John Garvin. He was then suffering from a severe cold, which gradually became worse, and about five days afterwards he took to his bed with congestion of the lungs, complicated with pleurisy. He was recovering from this when rheumatic fever set in, and after a week's illness Mr. Henderson appeared to be recover- ing. A violent attack of diarrhoea, however, supervened, from which he got better, but a second taking place he never rallied, and died on June 23, Mr. Henderson had a short time before been visiting at Beloit College, in the States, and a degree of D.D. was con- ferred upon him by the authorities within an hour of the news of his decease being re- ceived there. In connexion with Mr. Hen- derson's death, special services will be held at the Independent Church, Collins- street, on Sunday and Monday next. A special meeting of the contributors to the Melbourne Orphan Asylum waa held yesterday afternoon, in the Athenamm, to consider the question of adopting the board- ing-out system. Dr. Cameron submitted a motion to the effect that it waa desirable that the Orphan Asylum Act should be amended BO aa to admit of a portion of the interest of £20,000 obtainable for the sale of the orphanage and a portion of the rent of the remaining property of the asylum being ap- plied to the boarding-out of orphans. A long discussion took place, which waa ulti- mately adjourned until Monday next. The City Conncil yesterday spent between four and five hours chiefly in discussing ques- tions which have been dealt with by tbem ad nauseam already, and there was an evident tendency to increase that utter waste of time which ia so marked a characteristic of their meetings. The mode in which the proceedings termi. noted will doubtless lead to some misunder- standing at the next meeting. Several of the members having gone into the enclosed apace at tho aide of the mayor's chair to par- take of refreshment, his worship's attention waa called to the fact that no quorum waa present, and he thereupon declared the coun- cil adjourned, and left the chamber. The remaining members, indignant atSthis treat- ment, and holding that they had never left the chamber, and were aa much in it when behind the dividing bar as in front of it, voted Alderman Bayles to the chair, and finished the business. Another scene occurred at the City Conncil yesterday. When the question of the erec- tion1 of salt-water baths in the city waa being discussed, Councillor Arness referred to the question na a piece of log-rolling. Councillor Anderson, who followed, said that Councillor Arness, having been long in the council, might have had experience of log-rolling, but sinco he had been a member he had seen none of it. Alderman Bayles, in comment- ing on this statement, remarked that be had known of log-rolling since Councillor Ander- son had been in the council, upon which Councillor Anderson jumped up in the most excitable woy, exclaiming, "I deny it; let Alderman Bayles prove that He will prove it if he is a man; but he ia not-he never waa." He asked that Alderman Bayles be called to order for having made insinuations against him, and the mayor ruled that accord ing to standing order 23 Alderman Bayles waa out of order. Councillor Arness ob- served that he noticed some members were called to order for very alight departures from it, whilst the greatest licence waa allowed te others. The matter then dropped. A meeting of the conncil of the Free Trade League waa held at the Hall of Commerce yesterday afternoon, Mr. H. R. Reid presiding There was a large attendance. The names of 24 gentlemen were added to the existing council, and the following gentlemen were elected ofilce-bearera :-President, Mr. H, R, Reid ; vice-president, Professor Hoarn ; treasurer, Mr, Wisewonld, It waa decided to leave power in the hands of the executive council to moke auch arrange, menta for the transaction of secretarial work as they deemed fit. The next busi- ness on the paper waa the election of an executive council for the year, but it wa« decided to poBtpono this matter until Friday next, when a apecial meeting will be called for the purpose. The neceaaity waa strongly pointed out of electing only gentlemen who could attend to the duties, aa the success of the league mainly depended upon the zeal and energy displayed in ita management Some discussion took place rolative to the adoption cf a simple manifesto to be printed on the back of the cards of membership, but it waa finally resolved to allow the matter to stand over until the meeting on Friday. The meeting then closed. It was announced in the course of the proceedings that sinco the Uth inst. subscriptions had been received to the amount of £108 4s. Gd. From the following letter received from the hon. secretary of the New South Wales Rifle Association it ia evident that there will be no intercolonial rifle matob.es this year. The first resolution contained in. the letter is somewhat enigmatical, for if the matonea are not to take place there cannot be auch urgent neoeeslty to' obtain Martini-Henry rifle«, especially as the hon. aeoretary of the Victorian Rifle Association has already in formed them .that they can have 30 Martini { Henry rifles whenever the; desire between I this and the time fixed for the matches to take place. The following is the letter : i " Sydney, Aug. 17.-Dear Sir,-In acknow ! ledging receipt of yours under date ! of loth, 13th, 14tb, 15tb, and 27th ult, hav ! ing reference to the Intercolonial Military Weapon Matches b°tween Victoria and New South Wales, I am directed by my council to forward you copy of resolutions passed at their lost meeting, which ore as follow: ' 1. That the bon. secretary of the Victorian Rifle Association he advised that this coun- cil, after carefully considering the corre- spondence from him respecting the Inter- colonial Military Match, beg to thank the Victorian Rifle Association for their endea- vours to obtain the loan of Martini-Henry rifles for this association, but see no reason to depart from the resolution passed on 7th Juno; and further, that the council cannot entertain any proposi- tion for rescinding or modifying Baid resolution unless they have placed in their hands 50 Martini-Henry rifles, together with 10,000 rounds of ammunition, to be paid for by this association, not later than the 10th day of September next. 2. That the Victorian Bille Association be requested to consent to the postponement of the usual annual intercolonial military weapon match nntil next year, in consequence of the Par- liament of this colony having failed to pro- vide the necessary funds for entertaining them, and the difficulty at the present time of obtaining, by donations or otherwise, a sufficient sum for the pur- pose, owing to the expenses incurred in despatching a team to Philadelphia.' In forwarding these resolutions, I am to remark that it was with much regret my council felt themselves compelled to adopt the last re- solution, as they are sure it would be impos- sible for them to raise the amount required for properly entertaining the Victorian team, on account of the heavy drain which has been made upon the public lately for sub- scriptions towards sending our rifle contin- gent to Philadelphia.-I am, ice., P. B. WALKER, hon. Bec." An extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Southern Insurance Company was held at the company's offices, Queen-street, yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of confirming a resolution which waspaased at a general meeting held on the 7th inst to cancel the 18th article of associ- ation, which provided that no shareholder could hold more than 1,300 shares. Mr. W. W. Couche presided, and moved the confir- mation of the resolution, which was seconded by Mr, Lorimer, and agreed to unani- mously. tA Bpecial meeting of the shareholders of the Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank, was held at the office, Collins-street east last evening, for the purpose of confirming certain alterations in the rules which were adopted at a meeting on the 9th inst. The Hon. J, Balfour, M.L.C., was in the chair. On the motion of the chairman, seconded by Mr. Ferguson, the rules were confirmed, and the meeting closed. The annual meeting of the Anglers' Pro- tection Society was to have been held yester- day, at the office, Temple-court, but after waiting half an hour beyond the advertised time, as there were only six members pre- sent it was decided to adjourn the meeting until Friday next, at the same hour. In the Supreme Court yesterday an action of helson v. Corcoran was tried. Plaintiff claimed £1,500 damages for excessive dis- traint for rent He alleged that upwards of £1,000 worth of goods had been taken and sold in payment of a debt of only £22, The defendant, however, showed that the outside value of the goods waa very little more than they bad realised at the Bale. The jury, after a short deliberation, gave a verdict for the defendant. , The ordinary monthly meeting of the National Agricultural Society of Victoria was held yesterday at Kirk's Bazaar. There were present Mr. M. M'Caw (in the chair), Messrs. E. Henty, J. G. Brisbane, J. Duncan, J. Bell, Job Smith, H. Beattie, J. Gibb, W. J. Lobb, W. Cumming, A. Murray, D. R. M'Gregor, J. Hutchings, D. M'Phail, H. Lennon, and the non. R. Simson. A circular from the Bellerine Ploughing Match Com- mittee, asking the council to subscribe to- wards holding a challenge ploughing match against the world, was received, but no further action was taken in the matter. A letter was received from Mr. H. Beattie, drawing the attention of the council to the fact that in the published prize-list the date of the breeding year for cattle had been altered, of which not sufficient notice had been given to members of the society. Mr. Beattie said he thought that 12 months' notice at least should be given to the breeders of cattle before any change in the breeding year should be made. He had been preparing cattle for two special prizes offered at the spring show, and it was only on Saturday last that he discovered that by the alteration he was Bhut out from competition. He con- sidered the alteration was opposed to the rules of the society. Mr. D. M'Phail also opposed the alteration as being unfair to those who breed cattle for exhibition. The Hon. R. Simson pointed out that the alteration had been recommended by the show committee and adopted by the coun- cil. After a long discussion it was de- cided, on the motion of Mr. Beattie, se- conded by Mr. Brisbane, that at the next monthly meeting of the council the date of the commencement of the breeding year should be permanently fixed. The secretary read the balance- sheet of the lost horse show, by which it appeared that the receipts amounted to £G5 OB. Gd,; the expenses were £2110s. Od., leaving a profit of £4315s. Od. to the funds of the Bociety. With regard to the Bravo case, some par. ticulars of which we gave yesterday, we are informed that the "Mr. Gully" referred to in the cable message is Dr. Gully, who had a hydropathic establishment at Malvern. Letters patent were granted yesterday to Mr, A. Borthwick, of Market-otreet, for feed- ing ore furnaces by means of a blast, the ore or fuel, or both combined, having been first reduced to Bmall particles ; to Mr. J. D. PoBtle, of Sydney, for certain improvements in apparatus for the conversion of heat into motive power, through the medium of wator and gases; to Mr, Alexander Tolmer, of Adelaide, for certain improvements in the treatment of unsized paper, and of the pulp of the Lcpidos pcrma gladiata, for the pur. pose of producing a novel material analagous to leather; to Mr. A. S. Clark, of Ade- laide, for an improved machine for burring and washing sheepskins, and fleshing and scudding sheep and other pelts, and straining basils, Itis a machine in which the skinB, &o.;, to be treated are supplied through two press ing.rollers, and then brushed, beaten, or scraped by a cylinder having on its periphery brushes, beaters, or knives, as the case may require (this machine is in use in Adelaide, and is said to be a success) ; and to Mr. Joseph Williams, of the Stawell Ironworks for his improved Bafety mining-cage. On Friday laBt, letters patent were also granted to Messrs. Wallace and Jennings, for their | new self-acting gate, a Bample of which can j be seen at Mr. Tozer's foundry, in A'Bookett Btreet. This is a very simple and inexpensive contrivance, so constructed that the pas. sage of the wheel of the travelling vehicle is made to open and afterwards close the gate. Mr. Waters conduoted every application, except that of Mr. Postle, who appeared in person. We have been requested to call attention to the notice which appears in our advor tising columns respecting the opening of a children's church at Collingwood. It appears that about l8 months ago the committee of the Hornbrook Ragged School Association, finding that, owing to the new Education Act their occupation was to a large extent gone, communicated with the Victorian Sunday School Union as to a balance of money still in their bands. Want of further funds and of children to attend their day schools precluded the ladies bom making fitting permanent use of the money, and led to their application to the onion as an on» sectarian body dealing wiw1 tne religious education of the young. Tho" conditional proposals were :-L That the unlVu should huild or buy premises to be used for a ¿Vised Sunday school and children's church, au? for the promotion of all kindred objects j having for their aim the benefit and im- | provement of neglected destitute children. 2\. That the union undertake to carry on such services as they may deem advisable. 3, That the building should be located either in Fitzroy or Collingwood. Though the work waa of a character different to any yet under- taken by them, the committee of the nnion decided that it waa plainly their duty to take it in hand. The children's church ia the result, and we are informed that at the meet- ing to- day full information will he given as to how the work ia to be carried out, and as to the classes it ia hoped will be reached hy ita agency. Sir William Stawell, Lady M'Culloch, and the ladies of the Hornbrook association, have promised to be present. The Rev. W. P. Pearce, of South Yarra, appeared at the Prahran Police Court yester- day, to answer a summons under the 24th eection of the Marriage and Matrimonial Statute, for having, on the 1st of July, at Christ Church, South Yarra, Bolemnisod a marriage, he not being a clergyman regis- tered in the colony. The rev. gentleman at once admitted -the offence, but pleaded ignorance of the law. The Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, registrar of the dioceae, who waa preaent in court, explained that Mr. Pearce waa a new arrival in the colony, and aa soon as he found that it was necessary he had bia name registered. The Bench inflicted the minimum penalty allowed by the act, viz., 10s., with 10s. costs. A communication has been received by the detectives from the police department in Sydney respecting the murder of Mra. Mari, enne Lillian Andrews, nee Chaplaine, which waa perpetrated near Young on the 1st inst. Mra. Andrews has left a child, and her hue band is believed to be dead. As it ia atated that she has some relations living in Mel- bourne, the detectives are requested to make the necessary inquiries with the view of dis- covering them. A mon named Scott reported to the police at Williamstown yesterday, that he saw a young man named Robert Cox in a boat Bail- ing down the bay about 12 o'clock, and that on bia looking in the same direction a few minutes afterwards, the boat had disap- peared. It waa ascertained that Cox, who lives at Williamstown, went out to fish about half-past 8, and had not since been seen at home. The Water Police went out to search for the man, but after pro- ceeding some seven or eight miles down the bay, returned without discovering any trace of the man or his boat. Scott, who 're- ported the matter to the police, expressed his opinion that the boat must have been capsized, aa immediately after his notioing the boat a heavy gnat of wind came on, 'During the night of the 15th inst. one of the hawsers attaching the steamer Tarama to the south bank of the Yarra, opposite Queen's Wharf, waa maliciously cut, and the vessel drifted partially from her mooringa. Messrs, M'Meckon, Blackwood, and Co.[have reported the occurrence to the police, who are endeavouring to discover the offenders. It ÍB also atated that the ropes of several other vessels lying on the same Bide of the river have been cut in a similar way. A public meeting was held in the mechanics' inBtitute, Footscray, last evening, to take into considération the proposed Electoral Act aa it affected Footscray. The meeting had been convened by the mayor, in compliance with a {requisition from ratepayers, and waa adjourned from last Tueaday. There were some 200 people present, including Messrs. J. T.'Smith and M. L. King, two of the repre- sentatives of the district, the chair being occupied by the ex-mayor, Mr. Gamon Resolutions were carried to the effect that the meeting considered the proposition to join this part of Weat Bourke to Williams- town as unjust ; the present and rapidly in- creasing population entitling Footscray to be a separate electorate, or, at any rate, with auch portions of Braybrook and Wyndham as the Chief Secretary might consider neces- sary. It was further decided that a petition he prepared and signed by the chairman, to be forwarded to the Chief Secretary, em- bodying the views of the meeting. It was Btated that Footscray alone had between 1,000 and 1,100 electors, and the adjoin. ing district of Braybrook had fully 400 more. If these two were of themsolvos insufficiently large to be formed into a aeparate electorate, a portion of Wyndham might be added. The joining of Footscray to Williamstown was strongly deprecated, aa being even more undesirable than the pre- sent connexion with Weat Bourke. An elec- tor expressed the opinion that the objection was taken not BO much to the new electoral boundaries aa to the fact that the name of Footscray did not appear. An inqueBt was held by Mr. Candler, the district coroner, at Prahran yesterday, on the body ot the wretched man Robert Theraton, groom, who lived in Cato-atreet, and who waa found hanged in a shed at the rear of his house on Sunday afternoon. The circumstances of the suicide were published in yesterday's issue, and nothing further of any importance waa elicited at the inqueBt. The evidence went to Bhow that the body waa found by one Mary Smith, and was subsequently cut down, life being quite extinct. Deceased had been drinking for about a fortnight previous, and was in a melancholy state of mind. The jury found that he hanged himself while in a etato of unsound mind. Mr. W, A. Zeal, at one time member for Castlemaine in the Legislative Assembly, has determined upon coming forward as a can. didate for the representation of the South WeBtern Province in the Legislative Council, in opposition to the present member, the Hon. G. F. Belcher, who will Beek re- election. Mr. Zeal's address to the electors ia publiahod in our advertising columns. An inquest was held at Kildare, Geelong, yesterday, on the body of Samuel Roberts, who died at bia house on Sunday evening, there being no medical practitioner in at- tendance. The first witness called by the coroner, Mr. Shaw, waa Isabella Stewatt, who stated that she had lived with the doceaaed for two and a half years, On Sunday morn- ing the deceased complained of a headache, and about 12 o'clock he had a fit, followed by two othera. The witness called in a neigh- bour named Orandel!, but the deceased was insensible when he arrived, and died about 11 at night. The deceased had not taken drink, but was in the habit of drinking, A witness, named John Grundell, Btated that he had known the deceased for 30 years. He saw the deceased on Sunday, about 12 o'clock. He waa then lying in bed with his clothea on and complained of bia head. The witneea said he had been drinking, when he answered that he had only three glasses on Saturday. The witness gave him two teaapoonfuls of rum and then left, returning again at ß o'clock. Whilst he waa there the deceased got out of hie bed and went to the previous witnees, who said he was all right. The deceased had been of intemperate habits. Mr. Pincott stated that he considered the oaae tone of alcoholic poisoning, the immediate cause of death being apoplexy. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. The mother of the boy Arthur Merillo, who was a few days ago sent to the reforma- tory for five years waa summoned yester- day to the Sandhurst Police Conrt (our cor respondent writeB) to show canse why aho should not contribute towards his support. The sergeant of police stated that the defendant was much given to drink, and therefore never fit to be in the witness-box On her former appearance in court she ap- peared to be "muddlod,"and her condition waa similar yesterday, though she denied ever drinking anything stronger than tea. This statement of the sergeant explains in a great measure the vicious development of her (boy'a character, which she painted in the-' '-blackest terms. The Beáoh made an order against the defendant for the payment ot 5s, per week. The police magistrate, also strongly advised the defendant to break herself of the passion for drink, by the indulgence of which she was "fast travelling to the grave." Early yesterday morning, our Sandhurst correspondent states, the police were informed that fl prize-fight was to take place in the afternoon o-n -he Epsom racecourse, between one Charles Wilson and a man from Golden Gully, WileoK waa arrested on his way to the place of meeting, and brought before the City Bench. He dVnied all knowledge of the matter, but Sergeant Drought said he had obtained most reliable authority, and aBked for a remand to Monday, which was granted. Only a few weeks ago, a moa.t disgraceful exhibition took place on the Epsflm course, of a couple of larrikins having a stand-up fight on a Sunday morning, in the presence of about 50 admirers. YeBterday afternoon, Grace Henderson, the wife of the proprietor of diningrooma in Hargreaves-Btreet, Sandhurst, committed suicide by taking poison, At half-past 2 o'clock, our correspondent reports, she went upstairs saying that she intended to have a rest; but as Bhe did not come into the Bhop in the afternoon as uBual, one of the employia went up to the room and found 1 her lying apparently dead on a sofa. On a 'table near her was found a small bottle con. taining essence of bitter almonds, which she must have obtained from the storeroom, as she waa seen to go there a short time pre jviouB to her going upstairs. Dr. Penfold was sent for, and used every means to re- store animation if possible, but without effect The deceased woman had been de- ranged in the mind for the last fortnight The eighth annual meeting of the Sand- ridge Dorcas and Benevolent Society was held in the local town-hall last night Mr Aitken, the ex-mayor of the borough, occu- pied the chair. The Rev. Mr. Abernethy opened the proceedings with prayer. The report of the committee Btated that daring the p&Bt; year, after proper investigation, CO families had received aid from the society, besides many cases of individual relief. The orders for aid issued by the secretary to various shopkeepers amounted to 2,700. Bedding, clothing, and food had been distri- buted according to the requirements of the applicants. Medical assistance had been ob. toined for the Bick, and some had been fur- nished with the means of earning a liveli- hood. The labours of the committee had been productive of much good, but instances had occurred where the articles given bad been pawned for drink. The committee acknowledged the great obligation they were under to Drs. MalcolmsonandSmythe for their gratuitous services during the past year; also to-Mr. Ford for supplying medicines gratui- tously. The balance-sheet showed that the receipts amounted to £312 0s. 5d., while the expenditure was £309 11s. 9d,, leaving a balance of only £2 8s. 8d. to the credit of the society. The Rev. Kerr Johnson and Mr. Newman addressed the meeting. The Rev. Mr. Abernethy, in moving the adoption of the report, spoke from his own knowledge of the great amount of good this society had done among the distressed poor. The sum of £150 from police fines, handed to the society for distribution by the mayor, had been of great assistance. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The proceedings were diversified by some vocal music by the members of the Wosleyan choir. The retiring office- bearers were re-elected, and after a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting adjourned. ¡About 8 o'clock last Tuesday morning a man named John Hill, who resides at Watery Gully, near Queenstown was arrested by Constable Walshon aohargeof havingmade use of threatening language towards another resident of the gully named James Cavanagh. The prisoner was at once taken to Heidel- berg, where he arrived about 11 o'clock, but it1 was 7 o'clock in the evening before a magistrate could be found to deal with the case. At last Mr. Maplestone, of Ivanhoe, arrived at the lock-up, and, at the suggestion of Senior constable Kelly, he consented to allow Hill out on his own recognisance. At the sitting of the Heidelberg Court yeBterday, Hill was in attendance, but Cavanagh failed to appear. Hill was dis. charged, and at once applied for a warrant for Cavanagh's arrest In reply to the police magistrate, Hill stated that on Saturday last Cavanagh threatened to shoot bim. The warrant waa granted, and at a later hour of the day Cavanagh was brought before the Court, and bound over in the sum of £100 to appear on the 28th inst. The following telegram, which was pub- lished in the O'tppa Land Times just before the North Gipps Land election, contains the lateBt deliverance of Sir Charles Duffy on the education question :- " My letter on educa- tion has been grossly misrepresented by telegrams distributed throughout Gipps Land from Melbourne. Let me briefly re-state its propositions-1. I think some separate con- cession ought to be made to those who object to exclusively secular education, but I would notrepealtheEducation Actif byawordlcould do so, because it satisfies tho majority, and would therefore be immediately re- enacted. 2\. I would administer it fairly and faithfully, because to do otherwiso wo-ild bo dishonour- able. Two members of the present Govern- ment, and at least one each of the Francis, Kerferd, and Berry Governments, opposed its passing, but that did not prevent their ad- ministering it fairly. 3, Myprosent opponents would care little what opinions I held on education if I had not always opposed the public landBbeing given to a few monopolists, x'h'at is the root of all thoir bitter misrepre- sentation.-C. GAVAN DUITY." With regard to tho third proposition, we are surprised to learn that Sir Charles Duffy is regarded as an enemy by the land monopolists. We always thought that the author of the Land Act of 1862 was cherished by them as their best friend. The Portland correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser states that "on Saturday Charl- ton Heddick, a farrnor at Bridgewater, brought into the office of the Portland Guardian the left arm of the wooden figure of a man, part of the figurehead of some large vessel wrecked, and found by his sons in Discovery Bay. The arm, from the point of the shoulder to the tips of the fingers, measured 4ft, and tho hand, measured round the fingers, ICin. Ii the figurehead of the wrecked ship Geltwood represented an Indian, it is probable the portion now found is part of the wreck, as it is painted a deep copper- colour, and is ovidontly only a very short time in the water, The break is quite fresh-looking, and no barnacles are to be seen, and the paint quite fresh, and only rubbed off here and there." A telegram from Deniliquin informs us that the inquest held on the fire at Smith's drapery atoro disclosed nothing to show how the fire had originated. Tho jury were of opinion that it had occurred accidentally, and a verdict was returned accordingly. The stock was insured for £1,710-in the Liver, pool, London, and Globe for £910, and in the Imperial for £800. The houso, belonging to the Joint-Stock Bank, was insured for £500 in tho Sydney Insurance Company. The Bteamer Fitzroy, the property of the Government of Fiji, was wreoked on the night of the 11th July, near the mouth of the Sigatoka River, at a place called Rorotoga Passage, on the south coast of the island of Viti Levu, The Fifi Wimcs says that the Rorotoga Passage was mistaken for the entrance of Nadroga Harbour. The night being dark, the outline of tho land was ob- scured by smoko from largo bush-fires. The passengers and crew wero saved. At the official inquiry the master was exonerated from blame. The Yarram assault case was not so serious a matter as waa at first reported. The two defendants-George Aitken and 'William Appleyard-18 and 21 years of ago roopoo tively, were charged with committing an in- decent assault upon a girl of 14 named Norah Jane Thoms. She stated that as she and several other girls were returning home from sohool, on the afternoon of tho 9th inst, the 'defendants rode "up' and" addressed* them familiarly. The girls at first made no reply, but afterwards told the defendants they were intoxicated, And bad better go away. They| did go away, bat soon after turned book, upon which the girls ran into the bash, j Here, after a time, Aitken fonnd Norah) Thome, and said he would not let her gol until she kissed him and said good-bye She refused, and Aitken then kissed her several times, and knocked her down. ¡ Appleyard, who waa looking on all the time, then got off his horse and approached her. She picked up a Btick to defend herself, but he knocked her down, and tried to kiss her. Aitken then called him to come away, and tbey rodo off together. The defence was that the girls had been chaffing the young men, and that they had been merely joking in return. They denied having kissed the complainant, or knocked her down. The Palmerston Bench fined Aitken (who had been previously acquainted with the girl) £1, and Appleyard £3. We are informed that Professor Pell ha8 resigned the chair of mathematics at the Sydney "university. The authoritiea have aent to England for a new professor. The Oape Town Daily New; of May X3 recordB the production at the new theatre in that city of "Norma," with our old friend Madame" Bishop in the leading part. The event waa evidently a notable one in the history of music in that colony, and it ia accordingly spoken of with a due regard to ita local importance. Madame Bishop's part in the performance evokes, aa we should expect, very high and discriminating praise. She appears to bave been fortunate ia having a tolerably complete Italian company to support her, under the direction of our ' other old friend, SignorCagli. The resources of Cape Town, however, do not appear to have been equal either to an orchestra or chorus, the former being represented by two per- formers, and the latter being, so we gather from the notice, altogether absent At St. George's Hall last evening, His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen were present. The performance waa clever and amusing. Mr. Garnet Walch's dramietta waa interesting, and tbe characters were well auBtainod. Mr. Leslie, na the Demon of Gold, and Mr. J. V. Lawence, aa Gibbina, acted their parts creditably. The same performance will be repeated during the week. 1 A "social evening" for gentlemen only waa held at the Athecroara yesterday by the Metropolitan Liedertafel. There was large attendance. A lengthy and attractive programme was gone through, including several part-aonga, by the aociety, who, by request, gave "When sorrow aleepeth," in which Mr. Angus Bang the solo with the humming accompaniment that was BO much admired at the last entertainment Some solos were very satisfactorily performed by yarious members ; and for instrumentalists there were Mr, Guenett and Mr. Cartis, whose contributions were all that could be desired. During the evening Mr. Gemmell, the president, presented Mr. Guenett with a golden lyre, the badge of the aociety, aa a mark of the members' appreciation of his long and efficient services aa honorary pianist. j A concert waa given at the Temperance hall, Bussell-street, last evening by the Ame- rican Minstrels, for the benefit of the widow and family of a carter named George Smith, who waa recently killed by an accident. There was a good attendance, and the varied programme provided was gone through satis- factorily. A ball waa afterwards held, and dancing kept up to a late hoar. Messrs. W. M'Culloch and Co. received yeBterday 32 bales of wool from Coree station on account of Messrs. HolmeB, White, and Co. This ia the first consignment of the new season's clip. A public meeting for the advocaoy of the principles of total abstinence will bo held in the Temperance-hall, Russell-street, this evening. The annual concert and ball in connexion with the Carlton Football Club takes place this evening in the Carlton Orderly-room, Grattan-atreet. The detectives require an owner for three grey ducks found in the possession of a man named James Anderson, who waa yesterday arrested in the Corlton- gardena on a charge of stealing them. The aecond of a series of people's concerts will be given to-night in the Richmond Temperance-hall. Mr. W. E. G. Simona will give diamatlo recitals at St, Patrick's Hall to- morrow evening in aid of the funda of the Catholic Young Men's Society. 