©to imil^ru ^rps. FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1876. The holiday trip .of Mr. Boucaut to the South-Eftst is likely to prove very beneficial to the district. He has ap parently made himself thoroughly acquainted with the place and its re quirements. His personal inspection of the drainage works, where the land is improved, and the extensive country still swampy, .which in its present state is unfit for cultivation, will convince him of the importance of carrying out farther improvements. Although there tnay -be a deal of inferior land that will when drained only be fit for pasture, the extent of alluvial soil that could he rendered -available for cultiva tion would well repay the cost of drain ing. Mr. Boucaut admitted that he had no adequate idea of the importance of the place until he saw it, and now having seen so much of the country he will be in a position to advocate its claims in Parliament. The deputations that waited upon him to state their grievances and point out what would be most advantageous to further local interests in ■ and around the various townships, were cordially received, and promises made that all their wants should receive due consideration. The Premier,- however, was very careful not to commit himself to any particular line of policy, but it is evident that he will do his utmost to bring the land in a state fit for cultivation, and have it thrown open for selection. This will necessitate the construction of railways, and the opening of ports in that thriv ing district. - We readily admit the importance of legislators having an extensive know ledge of the country, not merely of the districts they represent, but of the colony generally, for when such is the case they will invariably work for the general advancement of the pro vince, and fight less for local interests. When the members of the Government thus seek by personal Inspection to be come acquainted with the requirements of the colony they are better able to frame a policy that would prove advan tageous to all. We are therefore glad that Mr. fioucaat is convinced on that point, and that he intends to extend his tour of inspection as opportunity offers, in order that he may become a more efficient minister. It is evident from his statements in the South-East that the present Government intend to stick to office, and, moreover, they will endeavor to carry out their former policy. The Premier and his colleagues took courage from the amount of sympathy shown them by the country when a " certain Bill" was rejected, and he stated in- plain words that they would remain firm. It is just possible to be too stubborn on some things, and consequently lose the sympathy which had previously buoyed them up.- We admire firmness and candour, and we admit these qualities are conspicuous in the Premier, but it will be well if he does not allow them to carry him beyond prudence, and thus degenerate into obstinacy. Seeing that the business of the country has been seriously delayed by a tenacious adherence to a certain measure, and that like results may possibly follow another attempt, we do think it would be much the wisest course to waive the objectionable stamps tax, and devise a scheme whereby the desired increase of revenue could be obtained. We firmly believe that the Commissioner of Crown Lands is actuated by a sincere desire to ad vance the best interests of the colony, and if he acts prudently his name will be handed down to posterity as one of the few gifted legislators of South Australia. His dilligence is to be commended, and it is hoped that his colleagues may follow his example. They will at least profit by his recently acquired knowledge of the country he visited, and unquestionably the in terests of the district will profit by his experience. We do not think that Mr. Boucaut will limit his travels to his boliday tour. There is a month yet before Parliament assembles, and we think that if he could possibly visit Clare and the Northern areas before that period the trip would lead to much good. Were he to do so he would in , future speak more respectfully of this district, and we further believe that be would strive to do us justice. Let the Ministry make themselves personally acquainted with the country from Riverton to Clare and northward to Bundaleer and the cultivated land be yond, and we venture;to say, that the Clare railway would be added to tbeir railway policy. We regard the re jection of that line frbm their former programme as a very great j blunder, which, if not rectified, will prove a positive injury to the district, j Were Mr. Boucaut to pay a visit of: inspection to the North and see the country and hear what can be said in; justification of our claim for a railway he would rfeturn' to* Adelaide with altered views on the matter. He frankly admitted having no just con ception of the South-Eastern require ments until he visited the country, and possibly he would say the same thing in reference to tbe Northern district. No doubt the Ministry think they are perfectly familiar with the North, having perhaps seen it in by-gone years, but their superficial knowledge has led them astray, for the country is totally different to what it was a few years .ago. It is therefore most absurd to hear hon: members speak as they frequently did during last session about railways to the east and west of Clare being sufficient for the traffic of the district. So long as hon. members rely exclusively on maps for informa tion, and refuse to take into consider ■ ation the nature of the country, we cannot expect justice to be done to us. Let them examine the country, and very different conclusions will be ar rived at. Fhom the samples of wheat we have seen brought into Clare during the past week, we fear that the farmers will sustain serious loss, at least that portion of them who cling to colonial customs, and who make no effort to protect. their crops after being reaped. Experience is acknowledged to be a mighty teacher, yet very many who sub sist by growing corn seem to bid defiance to that stern teacher, and do as they have done heretofore—reap the grain when ripe and allow it to remain in the field, and thus run the risk of having it destroyed, by rain, fire, or anything else. We have on former occasions referred to the folly of such a coarse, and while we believe many profited by our advice, there are others who disregard all counsel, however kindly tendered. We are at a loss to know what men can be thinking about who toil harl —ploughing, sowing, and fencing—to ob tain good crops, and when the grain has reached perfection put it -in heaps any where, without the slightest protection. The least damp will discolor the grain and reduce its market value, yet notwithstand ing that fact it is exposed to all weathers. This season we have seen heaps of not less than 500 bushels in the field during the whole of the wet weather, without any covering, and not even a trench cut round the heap to prevent the 'surface water run ning under it. The damaged wheat,- both above and next to the ground, has been mixed with the centre of the pile . while, being winnowed, thus most effectually: rendering - the whole "unmarketable. We are fully convinced that if farmers would erect'barns in as central a place as possible on "their farms, and put i the wheat under cover as soon as reaped, they would in the end be great gainers. It J would thus be protected from inclement weather, or in the event of a bush-fire oe-! curring it would be safe. The winnowing and bagging could be done when conveJ nient. We have reasoned thus with some: of the large land-holders, but they tell us that it cannot be done, too much time being wasted in taking the grain as it comes from the reaper along with the chaff. It is easy to make such a state ment, but it would be a difficult matter to give substantial reasons in support of the theory. The farmer who has a good sample of wheat can always command the highest market price, while on the other hand there is great difficulty in disposing of a damaged article, and the seller is obliged to take whatever price is offered. Everything is against the producer, yet many of them can not see it, and they are struggling to make both ends meet; whereas if they had set to work on a different principle they might have been in easy circumstances. We have an idea that every thoroughly practical farmer endeavors to save the chaff from wet as well as the wheat, for when.it is kept sound and sweet it makes excellent fodder for cattle during the winter months, especially when mixed with a little bran or cnicken wheat. If we are to be successful in producing grain of good quality it is im perative that the greatest care, should be taken to prevent its being exposed to damp after being reaped. Perhaps the experience gained this season may induce the careless to adopt a different system in future. The Chops at Yacka.—A correspondent informs us that since the return of warm weather the farmers at Yacka have been busy reaping. The corn has been very much knocked down., by the heavy rains, aad false combs are required on the reapers in order to pick it up. Damaged Wheat. — Mr. Palmer has shown us a quantity of damaged wheat brought to the Clare mill. It was so damp and soft that he was obliged to empty it out of the bags and spread it on the floors to dry. The farmers by mixing the good with the damaged act very inconsiderately, and injure themselves as well as those who 'purchase it. We would urge upon the i farmers not to hag the grain when it is damp, and to be carefnl to keep all the sound wheat from any that is slightly damaged, other wise the whole sample will be spoilt. [ Encounter ■with the Blacks.—We . have just seen a private letter "written at Port Darwin, on October 29,1875, by ayoung i man to bis friends in tbe neighborhood of Clare. He went overland with a party taking stock. He says:—" We have been twelve months on the road, and had an awful job to get through the blacks. They attacked us about the same time as they killed the party the account of .which -appeared in the papers. None of us were injured, and we were well armed.. One tribe of about 300 tackled us, and at the time only two of us were with' the stock, the rest of the party being back at the camp about three miles distant. When the blacks attacked us I took eight out of the lot, but 1 could not; tell how inany my mate took; he is a plucky fellow, the best I ever travelled -with. There were a great many nativea wounded and it was dreadful to .hear their screams. The j party at the camp heard the noise, but by j the time they got to us the affray was over, j That was the first attack we had." j Clare Court.—The business of the) Clare Court during the past year has been something considerable. It is evident with the increase of population litigation also in creases. The number of civil cases heard and determined in the Clare Local Court in -874 was 375, the amount being £2,68912s. In 1875 there were 525 cases, and the amount was £4,86414s Id. The following were the magisterial cases during the year just endedDismissals, 62; committals, 6 ; convictions, 161; informations not pro ceeded with, 20; making a total of 249. District Councils.—The settlers in the Hundreds of Hart and Milne are apparently very indifferent as to the state of their roads. District Councils have been pro claimed in the recently occupied hundreds in the North, and funds are thus raised for j keeping the district roads in repair. Those who reside in the two hundreds referred to have the advantage of goods roads on either' side, but they are careful not to expend anything in the repair of their district roads. It is surely time for the residents to bestir themselves in the matter. The ground has been a long time in occupation, and the settlers generally are well to do. It is only light that they should pay rates for their own immediate benefit. Fire in the Town.—On Tuesday a fire broke out in close proximity to some pine buildings, on an allotment adjoining Lennon street, which caused considerable alarm. We believe it was caused by a person placing a hot camp-oven on some dry grass alongside the house, which instantly caught fire, and before it could be extinguished a quantity of grass on the open lot was burnt. Fortunately it was kept away from the buildings, and very little damage was done. People should be very careful with fire, and inflammable material ought to be taken away from dwelling-houses. i Proposed Municipality.—A.large and influential meeting was held in the Institute' Hall, Kooringa, recently with the view of forming Kooringa and the adjoining town ships into a corporte town. The thought of having to pay for the extermination of the rabbits in the district suggested the formation of a Corporation as the lesser bur den. It appears that the rabbits are very numerous in tbe North-East, consequently an annual rate would ie levied in order to pay for their destruction; but if Kooringa becomes a corporate town it will be exempt from that tax, and the burden will fall on those outside. There was a deal of opposi tion, but the motion in favor of a munici pality was carried, and a committee was appointed to cany the resolution into effect. Prolific Yield.—Mr. Ryan, of the Clare Hotel, has shown us a tuft of wheat with no less than 40 stalks, each of which measured four feet in length. All the ears were well filled with grain of first-class quality. The sample was grown on Mr. T. Harden's farm, Belalie. Almanacs.— We have to acknowledge the receipt of the Comet Almanac for the current year. It is neatly got up, and is in every way creditable to tbe establishment. We have also received one from; Mr. W. E. Sheppard, of the City Boot Warehouse, King William street, Adelaide, printed on a card of very convenient size. 