COUNTRY NEWS. GREENOUGH.-The final result of the harvest is that, the farms on the Back Flats have suffered so severely from the rust, that the crops have been almost destroyed; but those on the Front Flats have had half a crop, and some of them have escaped altogether. The farmers are not in such bad spirits as might be ex pected. They have, most of them, got a few sheep, and are therefore not so depen dent on their wheat crops as formerly. Mr. Laurence, the Resident, has three services on Sunday, so that we get the Church of England services for nothing, so that, if our bodies are not so well off as they might have been, our souls will cost us little or nothing. There will be no races this sea son on the Flats. The races at the Bay were so poor, thatit did not seem worth while-to forward an account of them. A horse belonging to Mr. Hosken, and "Clansman," were- the principal winners. " Clansman " has been bought for 70 guin eas, to go to "Roebourne to run against " Concologist," who is his half brother, but persons who know both horses and are good judges, prefer the latter horse. It is said that " Concologist " would have been sent' to try his fortune at Perth, but for the difficulty of getting him down. A fine lot of horses are being shipped at the Bay for Mr. Maitland Brown. They are con sidered some of the best that have been ever sent away. Numerica is probably the finest breeding station in' the colony-it has three of our finest racing .sires-" Sir Hugh," " Banker," and " Khorassan," a large number of picked mares, and a rich paddock of some fifty thousand acres. NORTHAM.-A special general meet mg of the Northam Roads Board was held on the 15th inst. Present :-Messrs. Delmage. (chairman), T. Wilding, J. Wilkerson, and J. French, The minutes of the two preceeding meetings having been read and confirmed, the following re solutions were pessed:--" That W. Merry be paid the sum of £3 for clearing round bridges and culverts cn the Northam and Guildford road, from Northam to Coates's, to protect them from bushfires, up to Dec.. 31st., 1875." " I. Carter, £5 for work performed on the Burlong road," " Nor tham Mechanics' Institute. £1. for rent of Hall for 1875." "Secretary, £2 10s. for the quarter's salary, 'ending 31st Deer., 1875." ' " Stamps, 9s 7d. ; stationery, 12s. 'Gd.; balance of discount Is. 6d." '' W. Coates, lls., for clearing tree from off the road, and'f r supervision." The Secretary was directed to write to W. Merrey, (road contractor) requesting him to go at once and fill in the rats on the Northam side of White Gum Gully Hill, (Northam and Guildford road) with small broken stones, and likewise the luts on that part of the 'said 'road extending from Warraloo Hill to Coates's,'and when.this work will be per formed he is to inform the' Secretary so that he may communicate with the mem ber's who are to inspect and pass the work. This work must be done before the next meeting of the Board, which is to take place on the 5th February prox,, at noon. Messrs. H. Leeder and B. Jessop sent in their resignations as members of the Nor tham Roads Board, which was accepted. In consequence of. which a meeting of ratepa:yers will be held in the Mechanics' hall, Northam, on Saturday, 5th February, 1876, at noon, for the purpose of electing two gentlemen to fill up the vacancies caused by the resignation of Messrs. Leeder and Jessup. The secretary was directed to cause the same to be published in the " Herald," (two insertions), and to' post up notices in Northam town to the same effect. MR. R.. C. Lorrie has obtained twelve months leave of absence and will, with his family, shortly leave the colony. GooD T1SP LaRY.-The 7.P A Times of the 23rd instant, gives the following account of the institution of the Grand Lodge of Western Australia, which took place at Perth, on Wednesday, the 19th inst. At 930 the representatives from fifteen Subordinate Lodges, and past chief officers of both eexes entitled to the privilege of the Grand Lodge Legree, assembled in the Anti-room where they presented their cre dentials and were admitted into the Grand Lodge. The following Subordinate Lodges, working. under charters from the Right Worthy Grand Lodge, were represented:- Light of the West Lodge, No. 1, by Bros. T. Farmer, Bourke, Ryan and Cunningham; Rose of Perth, No. 3, by Bros. Stout and Davey ; Fremantle, No. 4, by Bros. Humble and Lindsay; Star of the East, No. 4, by Bros. Pyke and Ashworth; Unity and Concord, No. 6, by Bros. C. Cooper T. Smith and Bailey ; Rose of Victoria, No. 7, by Bro. W. Moore; Hope of Northam, No. 8, by Rros. Throssell and Gregory, and Sister Gregory; All hands to the Rescue, No. 9, by Bro. J. Glaskin ; Light of the Hills, No. 10, by Bro. W. J. Clifton; Light of the Swan, No. 11, by Bros. Elliott and Chatter ton; Excelsior, No. 12, by Bros. Hicks and Higham ; Temple of Honor, No. 14, by Bro. F. A. Bailey; Light of the South, No. 16, by Bro. J. Sampson ; Fidelity, No. 18, by Rev. Bro. W. Traylen, and Cheriton Lodge, No. 19, by Bro. S. Brown. The following were unrepresented :-Plantagenet, No. 2; Heart of Unity, No. 13; Dongarra Hope, No. 15 ; and Ballarat, No. 17. Special De puty Bro. Thos. Farmer read his Commission, empowering him to institute a Grand Lodge for this Colony, and produced a Charter from the Riglit Worthy Grand Templar Col. Hickman, granted to the various lodges represented, authorising the formation of the same. He then invited Bro. Alcock, a past officer of the Grand Lodge of South Australia, on a mission to open adistrict tent of the I O. Rechabites for this colony, and who rendered signal service to the cause of temperance by introducing that order into this colony somd four years since, to the Chair. Bro. Alcockhaving exemllefied the unwrittten work of the three degrees, pro ceeded to confer the Grand Lodge Degree on all entitled to receive it, and afterwards went into the election of officers with the following result :-Graind Worthy Chief Templar, Bro. Thomas Farmer, G. W. Councillor, Bro, C. II. Elliot ; G. W. Vice Templar, Bro. G. B. Humble ; G. W. Secre tary, Bro. C. G. H. Cooper ; G. W. Treasurer Bros. Thee. Smith ; Grand Chaplain. Bro. Rev. W. Traylen ; G. Marsha I Bro. Bailey; G. Deputy Marshall, Bro. Cunningham ; G. Asst. Secretary, Bro. F. Bourke ; G. Guard, Bro. Lyndsay; G. Scntinel, Bro. T. Hicks. The first five officers are elective and com prise the executive. Next year the Chap lain and Marshall will be elective and be added to the executive. Altogether about fifty members took the Grand Lodge degree. Among the various items of business trans acted, the per capita tax is to be three pence, and a special levy tax of six pence per member to defray the expenses of open ing the Grand Lodge was agreed to, many of the representatives pledging themselves on behalf of their respective lodges to support the same. Sub-lodges may admit to mem bership at the age of fourteen, provided they are children, or wards, of members, or members of a juvenile temple. Turee months are to elapse between the granting of the second and third degree. The basis of representation to Grand Lodge is to be one representative to each Lodge of forty mem bers or less, increasing in the ratio of one to every forty members; no lodge to send more than four representatives. The next Annual Session of Grand Lodge will take place in January next, but in all probability a special session will be held in March next, to pass the by-laws of the Grand Lodge prior to their being sent to the R. W. G. lodge for confirmation. After holding five sessions the sittings of Grand Lodge were formally dissolved. :l:UNSEAwoRTIIH SHIPS.. - In the Government Gazette of Tuesday last, is pub lished the Merchant Shipping Act, of 1875 better known as Plimsoll's Act. The Act expires in October next. A :.HANDSOME PRESENT.--tIr. W. Burges has promised £103 a year towards the support of a Church of England Minister at Dongarra. It is fully expected that an additional sum will be subscribed by the residents, sufficient to support a clergyman. CHAMPION BAY RAILWAY.-Among the many blunders made by the Govern ment in connexion with this railway, not the least was its entering into a contract with the contractors for the supply of sleepers. The Rockingham Jarrah Timber Company was the firm selected by the Government to supply the sleepers, and as that company has stopped its works the Government finds itself in difficulties not easily surmounted. Messrs, Palmer and Levy the railway contractors have been in correspondence with the Government on the subject with a view to cancelling the con tract but some temporary arrangement has been patched up which may collapse at any moment and is sure to add to the already enormous cost of the railway. AN UNPLEASANT YOYAGE.--A little vessel, the Hampton, 19 tons, Brotchie, mas ter, reached Fremantle, on Sunday morning last, in a distressed condition. She sailed from Shark's Bay on with a cargo of guano, and a man, two women and and a child as passengers. She put into Champion Bay, on the 11th instant, landed one woman and the child and left again the same day. Soon after leaving she experi- enced contrary winds and bad weather. On the eighth day she sprang a leak and all hands had to work incessantly at the pump for three days to keep her afloat. The female passenger, Mrs. Maxworthy, acted as cook after the leak was discovered. On reaching Fremantle, the crew were greatly exhausted, and could not have held out much longer. The cargo was at once dis- charged. A SINGULAR STORY :-The Augusta (Maine) Journal, tells this marvellous tale : -" We have ani event that would scarcely be believed were it not. authoritavely vouched for by cmpetent witnesses, whose testimony cannot well be dispated or set aside. A young man in the town of Vassalboro, in this country, was suffering in the last stages of consumption. For several weeks he had been entirely prostrate nud unable to speck. He became so oppressed for breath that he compelled his attendants to raise the windows in his room, put out the fires, and resort to every means to ob tain fresh air. One day last week the young man died. Friendly hands prepared the poor emaciated body for the burial; and just as the attending friends were ar ranging the remains for the casket, there appeared unmistakaole evidences of return ing life. The ear of an attendsnt was bent down, and it was discovered that the heart had begun again, the pulse throbbed, and the young man arose from the death shroud and spoke in clear and distinct words to those who stood appalled in the death cham ber. At his request the neighbours were all called in, who crowded the house for hours, declaring that the recovery of the man was equal to aay miracle recorded in the Scrip. tnre. He told this startled assemblage of his friends and neighbors that, as he died all things seemed dark, but only foran instant; his eyes suddenly opened to a new. world, the real heaven which had been so many times in his thougths and had given him- so much comfort.in his last weeks of pain and sorrow. He stood upon an eminence which overlooked a vast and beautiful plin ; the magnificent plain stretched further than his enlarged vision could penetrate, and lie des cribed itin language which, to his mortal auditors, seemed extravagant in the extreme But the reviving life of the young man was `iot to continue long. Before night he again resigned himself to death. The body was kept for a reasonable time, and than buried. HURRICANE AT THE NOR'-WEST. The following further particulars have been kindly supplied to us by Mr. H. Gould, a passenger by the ' Na Malole.' " The follow- ing boats engaged at or to the East of Tien Tsin are supposed to have escaped the hurricane, but this cannot be known for certain until the arrival of the mail. Schrs. 'Good Luck,' 'Mary,' 'Pearl,' 'Venus,' Cutters 'Gypsy,' ' Maud,' 'Rover,' ' Ed- ward and James,' ' Prince of Wales,' 'Fire- fly,' 'Arabian,' 'Start,' ' May,' and 'Gift.' In Flying Foam passage, and in all probabi- lity, safe, was the ' Mezeppa.' The follow- ing vessels on the approach of the hurricane, ran into Hampton harbor, and rode out the gale in safety; schrs.' Na Malole' and the ' Victorian.' At the Fortesque the ' Nau- tilus' safely rode out the gale. In Warm- bron Creek, and seen since the cyclone, were the ' Adur,' Mystery,' and 'Ethel' The following vessels rode out the gale safely anchored on what is known as the Mary Ann Patch ; 'Onward,' ' Mira,' 'Ione,' ' Amy,' 'Challenge,' ' Water Lily,' 'Swan,' 'Bessie,' 'Argo,' and 'Martin.' On the 22nd December, at the first squall the following vessels ran in from the Mary Ann Patch, to Coolkera Creek, ' Morning Star,' 'Cygnet,' ' Fortescue,' 'Twilight,' and 'Emma.' On the morning of of the 24th the ' Swan,' having parted one chain slipped her anchor and at daylight ran into the creek and made fast to the mangroves. At Beadon the 'Subihani' was taking in water and went ashore over the inner reef, high and dry on the" bench, and she will probably not be got afloat again until tho.high tides in March next. She has however sustained no damage, but the loss of a little copper near the bilges. In Trubridge Creek, at the entrance to Ex- mouth Gulf, was the ' Hope' and ' Blossom.' The former vessel rode the gale out safely but the ' Blossom,' with six Malays on board was lost. She was found by Mr. C. Annois a total wreck and partly burnt. The 'In- dustry,' anchored outside Trubridge dragged about with a short scope of chain as the hurricane veered. At the bottom of Ex- mouth Gulf, on the East side, were the ' Dawn,' ' Azelia,' ' Montiarra,' ' Lily of the Lake,' 'Wild Wave,' 'Dolphin,' 'Governor Weld,' and ' Barringarra,' 'Charon,' 'Ada,' ' Aurora,' ' Evaline Mary,' ' Helena,' 'Victorian;' (cutter) and the 'Albert.' The 'Albert went ashore in the Bay of Rest but sustained no damage. The 'Lily of the Lake,' after the first fury of the gale was over, and during the lull which ensued, got under weigh with the intention, probably, of running for the Bay of Rest, but was caught in a squall from the west- ward, and is supposed to have got dismasted and swamped in the terrific sea that was running at the time. The owners, G. Long and W. Woods, and O'Niel, and 17 Malays were lost. Six Malays, who must have swam at least ten miles, were picked up on shore at Manginn after the gale, by the ' Barin- garra.' The 'Wild Wave' parted her chains and went on a reef between five and six p.m. on Christmas eve, without anyone being able to render her any assistance, and during the night Mr. C. Gill the owner, Watson the master, and two men Shadwell and Cameron, with 28 Malays were all drowned. One white man, named Ken- nington, and 13 natives who had clung to the wreck through the night were rescued in the morning by the boats of the ' Azelia,' ' Montiarro ' and ' Dawn.' The ' Agness ' came up to the Mary Ann Patch on the morning of the 22nd, and delivered a few things she had for the boats engaged there, but the gale increasing, and barome- ter falling, the next morning the master got under weigh and stood to sea. On the 24th. having had one boat blown from the davits and Captain Walcott's whale boat thrown overboard, and being laid over on her beam ends with only a balance reefed main sail set, her masts were cut away, she being then about 40 miles to the N.W, of Nor'-West. Having rigged a jury mast she returned to the Mary Ann Patch which she reached on the afternoon of the 28th. Being unable to procure spars foom the boats lying there, she left again for Tien Tsin early on the morning of the 30th. The course of the cyclone was from the S. E. by N. to S. WV. travelling in a S. W. direction. 