TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. au8ibauax associated fbess telegkaw8. ) SYDNEY. Tuesday. Tbe Rev. James Jefferiee, for many years minister of the North Adelaide Church has ac cepted the pastorate of the Pitt street Congrega tional Church. In the Assembly, to-night, the Premier aa- nonaced tbe acceptance by Mr Baker of tbe Ministership of Lands. His seat was thereupon declared vacant Attempts will probably be made to confine tbe business of the session to the Estimates and Elec toral BtiL Three men have been remanded on a charge of garroting. A boat containing four men, who were fishing off Long Reef on Sunday, was swamped, owing to s sudden leak. Two of the occupants were drowned, and the other two swam ashore. It is stated that the Governor is to be tbe next provincial grand master of Freemasons. Several large Canadian houses will be repre sented at the next exhibition in Sydney. BRISBANE, Tuesday. Bishop Bngnion proceeds, via Rockliampton, to the Northern Districts. Governor Cairns, in taking leave of the council of the National Association yesterday, delivered a farewell address, in the course of which be ex pressed his concurrence with the objects of such societies, as tending to promote good intercolonial feelings, and ultimately federation. He desired to remain on the list of honorary members, promising to promote the interests of the society in South Australia. Captain Peake reports that the steamer Singa pore was under water on Sunday. He remains alongside the wreck in the interests of the under writers. It is expected that the steamer Black bird will take on the passengers for the south. It hzs been blowing a heavy S.E. gale, with a heavy sea for the last two davs at the scene of the wreck. ADELAIDE, Tuesday. The steamer Victorian, when starting for Mel bourne, ran into and sunk tbe new dredge Wiilunga in the channel, which has only a width of 250 feet. The Victorian and Claud Hamilton returned to port, as the channel is said to be blocked. The accident is very serious, as the Wiilunga was de pended upon for large harbor improvements at Port Adelaide. ADELAIDE, Tuesday. Duffield'e mill, which was recently destroyed by fire, was re-opened to-day. A bush-fire at the Government farm and tbe neighborhoud did considerable damage. Captain Barber's new river steamer Victor has been launched at Goolwa. A valuable: presentation has been made to Mr Sinclair, mayor of Fort Adelaide, in recognition of his six years' mayoralty. Tbe weather is hot. Wheat is steady at f>8 Id. 