UHWUOD, (FBOM OUR "'OWN O0RRISP0NDENT.) April '16. The Hamilton Spectator will be a watch word for the Portland shire for the fature. Your article has beeo read with uoiversal satisfaetton throughout its extent, and has roused the indignation of rate payers located all over ItB wide , territory. The way theyr have been bambooried— no other word would , suit aa well — and all their wishes and interests 3 " thrown to the winds, for the self- exaltation and the "grist to the mill" which the de struction .of the ridings would bring-to some, has mads every man stand to his colours and . insist that the shire shall be a shire in its true, full, and legitimate beuBe, and not a mere dependency of Portland. Ratepayers, con tractors, and working men are all flocking to the standard, to see. that their just rights are not to vaded, aud as.they ha vb so equal stake in the shire,, ao (bey have an equal right to the arrangement of its affairs. Happening to be in Condah , on Thursday last, the council, meeting day, I was astonished at the outburst of- testing that Was exhibited. Councillors kept quiet during the meeting, but one could easily see that something was smothered, and the knots. of twos and threes outside, earn estly talking, made one think they were in Mexico, on the verge -of a revolution. After dinner, however, when hearts were warmed -and cheered, the voice of the betrayed, the ignorant, the unbusinesslike, the voioea of the serfB— as some would wish them— of the east and west buret forth, and everywhere was the ory, loud and strong, that a counter petition be signed, to rend to tatters that got up by the Portlanders and their satellites, to show that the petition to abolish the ridings . was obtained by a aide wind, and that the east and west, as well as a large proportion of the souih riding, were for having the Bhire preserved in its integrity, and its funds kept within itself instead of going to ewell the coffeis of Portland. A subscription was instantly est on foot to 'pay those who were despatched (I believe, there and then) to procure the necessary signatures. Ratepayers, contractors, working men — everyone at once bad his hand in his pocket, and the "siller " was not wanting, - The thanks of the ehire are due to you, for although some knew of what was going on, still people would not be lieve it, but when your sheets opened before them, and your graphic and truthful statement of the oaae appeared to view, the mist was dispelled. The weather is very hot .and sultry ; bush- fires all around, and even in Heywood, water is beginning to be scarce. Milk and butter are luxuries, and scarcely obtainable If the canal scheme were realized, what a difference ! Pastures would be green land smiling about na, . bnah-fires ceasing, and a good bath avail able evaiy evening, to send one clean and healthy to bed. Several people are still complaining that the Government has not yet settled with them for their land which has been taken for railway purposes, bat I suppose their tarn \- will come, as all cannot be squared off at onoe. 