ITEMS OF NEWS. The next County' Court will be held to-morrow week. We have received from Mr Thos. Gannon, Yandoit, LI for the Hospital, being money, collected at the Wesleyan Churches at Yandoit and Clydesdale. The House Steward of the Hospital has re ceived from Mr Lougier, schoolmaster, of Win ter's Flat, a large collection of periodicals for the use of the patients of the institution. Yesterday morning the Rev. Mr Fitcher,- from the Melbourne Conference, preached an excellent and impressive sermon in the Wesleyan Church, Barker-street. In the evening the rev. gentleman preached in Chewton. There is no sign yet of the advent of the rain, the daytime being hot and sultry and the nights (by contrast) piercingly cold. In those gardens which are out of the reach of water, the general appearance is anything but pleasurable, every tree and shrub looking dry, parched and roasted. During the continuance of the bush-fire which was raging all last week to the south of Chew ton, Mr Cooper, the contractor for the tunnel on the Coliban and Fryerstown aqueduct, had a narrow escape of losing his store of powder and other explosive materials. It was only by dint of great exertions they were saved. The action of the assessor for the Shire of Mount Alexander, in raising the assessments right and left, has produced the result antici pated, — a plentiful crop of appeals. No fewer, than thirty- eight are set down for hearing and disposal to-day at the Fryerstown Police Court, in its appellate jurisdiction. Mr Merrifield, the shire solicitor, will appear for the Council ; Mr Paynter for the aggrieved appellants. According to the reading of the advertise ment respecting the forthcoming election of members for the Mining Board, the nominations closed on Friday last ; as, however, there has been some misunderstanding about the matter, it is said that Mr Warden Taylor has decided to keep it open to the 2nd proximo. This will en able intending candidates to be properly ad vertised on the 3rd, twenty-one days before the election, in accordance with the provisions of the Act. At the present time, the candidates, whose nominations have been received, are as follows : — Castlemaine,— Mr E. Carter ; Hep burn, — Mr R. Haddin ; St. Andrews, Mr E. H. Cameron, and Mr T. Hosford ; Taradale, — Mr C. W. S. Graydon, and Mr S. O. Bolding. By the Warden's ruling, there is an opportunity given for others to come forward, and try for the sinecures. On Saturday evening two women came down by the 8 p.m. train from Echuca, with a view of proceeding onward to Maryborough, While taking out their tickets the Melbourne train moved out of the station, and the women think ing it was that for Maryborough rushed at once out of the office, and along the line for three or four hundred yards, shouting out for the guard to stop the train. Presently they found out their mistake, and then came back to find the Maryborough train just starting from the sta tion. The unfortunate women again commenced to hail the guard, but all to no purpose, and they soon found they had lost their passage to Mary borough for that night. The consequence was they had to seek lodgings, and content them selves as best they could till this morning, when if they do not again make a mistake they can proceed home to their destination. The new Primitive Methodist Chapel, in Har greave-street, was well filled at each of the " opening" services yesterday, more especially in the evening, when its seating accommodation was taxed to the utmost. All three services were conducted by the pastor, the Rev. H. Heathershaw ; in the morning he spoke from the words of Moses, as recorded in xxxii chap. Exodus, 26th verse — "Who is on the Lord's side ?" In the afternoon his subject was taken from Romans, i chap. 16th verse — " I am not ashamed," &c.; In the evening he delivered a a telling address from Nehemiah, x chap, last clause of the 30th verse— "And we will not for sake the house of our God." This evening the services will be continued, and the opening of the church be celebrated by a tea and public meeting ; the latter will.be presided over by the Hon. J. B. Patterson, M.L.A., and will be ad dressed by the Revs. W. Hunt and F. Sinden, of Sandhurst ; Revs. R. Newell, H. Heather shaw, and others. A disastrous fire occurred last week at Boort, by which a family named Boucher, recently of Ballarat, had about 800 bushels of wheat des troyed. It appears that the sad disaster was caused by a spark from the funnel of a thresh ing engine which was working on the premises, setting fire to the stacks. The thresher was for tunately saved from destruction. A very sudden death occurred at Talbot on Friday morning. Miss Cullinan, the sister of Mrs Lyons, of the Commercial Hotol, went to bed in good health, and, not rising at her ac customed hour, she was called, when she was found sitting in her chair dead. Deceased was 36 years old. An inquest was held, when a verdict of death from serous apoplexy was re turned. On Wednesday a machine man met with a frightful accident near Way's hotel, Baringhup junction. It appeared (says the Tarrangowee Times) he was sitting on the machine which was being drawn by bullocks, when the animals sud denly stopped, jerking the man off near one of the wheels, and before he oould get clear the machine moved on again, the wheel going right down his arm, from the shoulder to the wrist crushing the limb to a pulp. The sufferer was with all speed taken to the Hospital, where, strange to say, no one qualified to deal with the case was present. The patient laid in a fearful state of suffering for two or three hours, when Dr O'Neill was sent for, and to his credit he im mediately made his way to the Hospital, and attended on the sufferer. A very narrow, escape from drowning oc curred opposite the Echuca Wharf on Tuesday afternoon. A little fellow, about eight years old, says the Riverine Herald, was bathing in company with other lads, when by some means he managed to get out of his depth, and the other boys being too excited to help him, he drifted away with the current and sank for the last time. Mr George Air was an eye witness from a distance, and ran down to the river, plunged in without hesitation with all his clothes on and dived. He came up once un succesful, but nothing daunted, dived again, and this time his noble efforts wore crowned with success. The boy was brought to the bank, and all signs of life seemed gone, but the usual restoratives being applied, he came to, and in about half-an-hour he was able to walk away. The praiseworthy conduct of Mr Air should be brought under the notice of the Royal Humane Society, as this is not the first time he has risked his life to save other from a watery grave. Parliament has been further prorogued, by proclamation, from the 1st February to the 6th March. Joseph Innes was finod L50, and L4 12s costs, or six months' imprisonment by Mr Gaunt police magistrate at Buninyong on Friday, for setting fire to Mount Buninyong last week. Fiji news reports Kaicolo prisoners escaping from Suva, while engaged on public works. Some were shot by the sentries, others recap tured, aud the rest escaped to the mountains. The weekly abstract of births and deaths re gistered in the metropolitan and suburban regis tration districts during the week ending January 20, 1877, shows that there were 151 births and 114 deaths. The Evening Post regrets to announce that scarlet fever has again made its appearance at Ballarat, a little girl named Jessie Byers, aged 13 years, residing at 100 South-street, having been admitted to the infectious disease word at the hospital on Friday morning, suffering from that disease, which is, in this instance, of a pro nounced type. A Chinaman, known as " Dr Tack Ling," who has been prescribing for patients without being armed with the necessary diploma, is to be prosecuted at Merino. According to the Coleraine Albion he was unfortunate enough to lose a patient, who had applied to him as a last resource, and a difficulty having arisen over the certificate for burial, the matter was re ported to the police, who will take action forth with. . Notwithstanding the destruction of hares in this district (says the McIvor Times), by snar ing, shooting, and legitimate coursing, this sea son they are more plentiful than ever, and con tinue to find their way to fresh localities. One party, we are informed, a short time since put up thirty within a distance of half a mile, be tween here and the Mia-Mia. In fact, some parts of the district may be said to be fairly bristling with hares. It is frequently the case (observes the Border Post) that the evidence taken at police courts is most contradictory, but we have seldom heard such decidedly "tall swearing" as took place here last week. In one case three witnesses were examined as to the time a person stayed at a certain house. One witness swore that he stayed twenty minutes, another an hour, and a third said it was impossible he could have stayed more than two minutes ! A fourth witness gave the time as fully five minutes." A correspondent of the Geelong Times of Friday reports a scene which took place at the Kensington Cemetery of a horrifying character. An attempt was made, it appears, to bury an adult in a grave too small to admit the coffin, with the result that the coffin became jammed, and would neither go up or down, even though the sexton stood upon it to force it to its place, and the relatives in sheer disgust had to leave the grave with the coffin still in a suspended condition. The wheat market opened at Avenel on Fri day at 6s 1d, but gradually improved until 6s 3d was obtained for choice samples, bags returned. Nearly 3,000 bags were received there on. Friday. Very little has been sent on storage account, present prices being so tempting. About 1600 tons have been sent from here since the opening of the season. Farmers are highly satisfied, and from the number of ploughs ar riving from town markets, they seem determined to go in heavier next year. ; A young man named Edwin Robinson was committed for trial by the local bench at Echnca on Friday, on a charge of horse-stealing. Pri soner had been in the employ of prosecutor Ro land McDonald, a farmer at Kotupna, and on leaving his service he possessed himself of a mare belonging to his late master, which was running in a neighbour's paddock. He sold the animal for L2 2s 6d, to a groom at Echuca, and made his way to Lauriston, where he was arrested on warrant. The late prevalence of fires in Sandhurst should prove a warning to all persons to avoid doing anything calculated to endanger property. Many smokers are in the habit of throwing down lighted matches and the ends of lighted cigars, or of knocking the live ashes out of their pipes without noticing whether any pos sible mischief may be caused. A gentleman in forms the Advertiser that he was present the other day when the bottom of a pipe of tobacco was blown into a yard full of paper and shavings and other combustible stuff, and he believes that if he had not taken the precaution to ex tinguish the light a fire would almost surely have been caused. An accident, says the Argus, terminating fatally, occurred on the Barwon River on Fri day. A party comprising Mr and Miss Wood, Mrs Ashmore and infant, and Mr Martin, a well- known pedestrian, proceeded along the river in a boat under sail. As the party were turning a bend in the river near Brearley's tannery, a sud den puff of wind struck the sail, causing the boat to capsize, and precipitating all the party into the water. Mrs Ashmore found herself under the boat, and was ultimately saved, but her in fant was unfortunately drowned. The others of the party were also saved, an oar having been held out from the banks of the river, to which they clung and were drawn ashore, Mr Martin rendering every assistance. On being brought ashore, the ladies were kindly treated by Mrs Gillson, who gave them every attention. During the afternoon the river was dragged by the father and Mr Whittinglon, and the body of the infant was found by the latter. The escape of the whole party from drowning seems almost miraculous. "There never was a time" (writes the Balla rat Courier) "since gold was discovered in Vic toria, when a spur was required to the mining interest more than now. Since 1868 our annual yield of gold has fallen nearly one-half, or from l,684,919oz 14dwt to 963,026oz, and there are grave reasons to apprehend that a still further diminution will occur during the current year. The Government should, therefore, embrace every opportunity that presents itself to im prove this industry." If any corroboration was needed of this statement, it will be found in a paragraph, copied from another mining journal, the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser, to the effect that comparatively large numbers of miners are leaving Victoria in the hope of ob taining employment on the tin workings in Tas mania. The Government is called upon to embrace every opportunity that presents itself to improve the industry," and one way so ob vious as to suggest itself to the dullest capacity is the abolition of the 22½ per cent duties which the mining industry is compelled to pay. As duties must be doubled in the course of trade, a miner cannot wear a garment nor use a tool which has not cost 60 per cent, more than it ought to have done, and thus the natural, de pression existing in a great industry is mate rially added to, and we are deprived of the gold which, if put into circulation, would give more vitality to industries of all kinds than any Cus toms duties can possibly infuse. The remedy the Courier suggests is to send men abroad to gather information how to mine. This is all very well in its way ; there is much to commend the project, but it does not need that we should send a man very far to learn the main secret of profitable gold-mining. It is to work the mines with the utmost economy — that is to say, make the appliances and the tools and the machinery which ai miner uses as cheap as possible. The direct result of our present fiscal system is to render these things dear. The idea was that the miner could bear the load which has been imposed upon him, but he is withering under it, and the Reform and Protection League is sitting cheerfully by the bed side of the industry which it has so notoriously injured. — Telegraph. " Where did you learn wisdom ?" inquired Diogenes of a man esteemed wise.- " From tho blind." was the reply,"- who always try their ground before they tread on it." 