DR. HEARN AT FITZROY. A meeting was held at the Brunswick Hotel, Brunswick-street, Fitzroy, last evening! for.the purpose of presenting Dr. Hoarn with n requisi tion to stand for that constituency at the forth coming election in the free-trade interest. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Rowe, and the at quisition, which was a lengthy document, signed by 1078 olectors, was presented by Mr. Blackott. Dr. Hearn said that he received the requisi tion witb great pleasure, and should ho be elected ho wonld do his .best to.sbow tbat be was not unworthy-of 'the'ednfidence 'placed in him. He ' then went' on to speak of the subjects now prominently before tlia country, commencing with that of taxation. The ordinary meaning of a tax was a contribution paid by the people of a State to tho general revonuo to supply the means without which it would bo impossible for the Govornmentto main tain iU functions; in fact it was something of tho nature of a call made by a company to pro vide for public wants as Parliament might re quire. In that aspect a tax was not con sidered n. l-eneDt, but it was a burden which, being for the common good, was glmlly undertaken. All taxation should bs to enable the Crown to carry on the public service; pud for no otber purpose. In tbo case of a company, a member would gladly pay calls far the legitimate purposes of tho company ; hut if the directors re quired him to do an act that was not for tho bonefit of the company he would certainly hositate to do so. On tho other band, it was said by somo that taxation, besidos being used to supply public wants, might also be utilised to destroy otber institutions or interests thnt already existed. Somo contended that it might bo used to establish industries that did not exist ; whilst otbors bold that by its means es tates tbat wero larger than was liked by those who did not hold them might bo burst up. He then referred to protection as a means of estab lishing native industries, nnd characterised tbe system as used to establish industries that were found unprofitable. In somo cuses they bad been told thoy wore not unprofitable, or that if they were at present they would not bo so soon, and then the tax might bo removed ; but ex perience showed that wherover a tax was levied on an industry thoso benefited by it invariably stuck to it. In fact, such n enso had cropped up recently, boiuo industries having been obliged to go outside tbo colony and sell at the ordinary rote ; nnd while they could sell their (Kindles and nmcMuerT outside at a profit, be did not seo how they wnntod protection. It bad, be coiitended, been always found that whore bnna fide industries were established by the aid of protection they 'never suffered by its withdrawal, notwithstanding all the predictions of ruin tbat had been made. He went on to arctic further against a protective policy, and Baid that 'two-thirds of tbo revenue raised by taxation was from articles under the ordinary free-trade tariff, and that only £000,009 resulted from the protective duties. Some of the articles on which protective duties were levied did not produce more than £600 a year, and others noi moro than £200, and at tbat rate thoy were surely not worth tho trouble and osnenso of collecting. Haytor said there were 2254 industries in tbo country, of which 1216 had been existing oppressed and injured by tho pro tective tariff, and from tho best evidence he could collect the. industries actually .benefited did -not exceed 250. ? With respect to a progressive land tax, be said that if re venue were wanted land would doubtless bo a legitimate object for taxation ; but a progressive land tax was a very different thing to what he contemplated. It waa not intended for financial purtosos^ bill for a politicd'bbjocfquito'difrofolit to tbe raising of money. Two distinct propositions had been laid down with reganl to'ti progressive land tax, one being that no purson ahould have moro than a certain quantity of land ; and it was a remarkable circumstance that that argu ment extended only to area and not to value. If a man spent half a million in buying land and building bouses in Melbourne he was looked on as a benefactor, but if ho spent bis money in buying country lands and stock ing and improving it ho at once became a public enemy. Why this was so he could not seo. Ho believed there was no necessity to burst up tho largo estates, as they would be divided . in the course of timo by natural means, there being no laws of inheritance in this country to prevent their partition. The proposition that tho State was entitled to the unearned incre ment — that was, the additionaljvalue acquired by land by other means than direct-expenditure on it — wasof conBiderabloimportancenndjmagnitude, but until it was admitted by thoso who made political economy a) study they should not be in a hurry to adopt it. Supposing a man bought a piece of land in Fitzroy or else whero, and its value was suddenly increased by tho establishment of a lineof 'buses, would anyone , say that the buyer y/as bound to Kive back tn the State tho differoncoinitsvaluo ? He could not see how it could be interfered with any more than if the property were mining shares which bad bap poned to rise in value. He belioved in a frco. secular and compulsory system of education, but at the same time did cot altogether admire a system that placed the whole of the education of tbe colony in the hands of tbe Govern ment, or that called on. mon to pay for the education of tho children of persons who were well nblo to pay for it ,He should, howevor, be prepared to give the present system tbo fullest trial its most ardent supporter could desire. He advocated, the establishment of a school for in struction of rural economy for young men about to engage in country pursuits. Sunday trading was a matter fitting for compromise, and he thought that it should be allowed to a limited extent. He did not believe in payment of mem bers, and thought tbat tbe Council might be re formed with advantage. He would doubt less be asked whether, if elected, be would support Sir James M'Gulloch or Mr. Berry. The latter gentleman would, he thought, not accept fhim, and the question was would Sir James M'Cullocb give them free-trade. If be did he would support him ; if he did not ho would not. Should Sir James M'Culloch give them only his favorite tariff, ho would then bav6 to.be thankful for small mercies. Ho hoped, however, that in time some now combination might arise of persons desirous, not of oliicc, but torestorelbe country to the position it onco held. If the men and debates of twenty years back were re* membered, it would, be found that they con trasted favorably with tbe stonewallers ; and he, as one man, would do hU beat to restore tbat reputation which tho country had once enjoyed, and wbich be thought should never have baen lost. A committee was then formed to secure Dr. Hearn's return, and tho meeting terminated with a voto of thanks to tho chairman. , The third section of the Gippsland railway has now been completed, but no steps have beentaken to utilise it. Much dissatisfac tion is felt, the ilerewy states, in conse quence of this, as it was anticipated that trains would have commenced running early in February as far as the Morvrsll. The Oeetmig Advertiser report that the works in connection with the emotion of the paper mill at Fyansford are progressing satisfactorily. The shaft for the water wheel has been sunk the requisite dopth, fifty-two feet, and the race is approaching completion. Tbe erection of the main building has commenced. The Jtiponshh-e Advocate says that, as a bait for Ararat, a Ministerial member' of Parliament has caused the second-class rail way fares from Beaufort to Butsngor to be 2s., and from Buangor to Ararat only Is. Gd., both distanoes being equal, and iu con-, ?equenoe thereby divert the Butuigdt trade from Beaufort to Ararat. Somo idea, says the- M. A. Mail, may he formed of the extreme dryneea of the pre sent season from the fact that two extensive bushfires were raging in this neighborhood' on Sunday lost ; one in the direction of Bar fold and the other near Muckleford. This is rather extraordinary considering the ad vanced season, A laughable scene, the Qeelong Advertiser reports, ocourred ia M'Killop-street on Sunday forenoon. A. tenant of a house in that street, and in arrear with his rent, de cided — on observing his landlord going to ohuroh— to steal away; without paying np. He got out all tbo furniture, and placed the household goods on a vacant allotment. A conveyance for the removal of tbo furniture could not be obtained, and the landlord on returning from church discovered the at tempt that had been made to cheat him out of his rent. A row took place between the parties, whioh ended in the would-be run away being bundled with the furniture back into the bouse, and thero looked up until Monday morning. 