Oo rT Co ovUT. &c.-The; County Court will, be held at Hoeathoote to-morrow,. `Thoe cause list appears ilsewhlero. There is one case for rheo eneral Sessions set down: for the same day. : mASTEL MONDAY!9 RACES.- We would draw attention to the programmes -in ur didtertising columns of the races to take plaqe on EEaster Monday next, the 2td April.-ta MoinutnIda Races bny the: Heathcote Rabde. course, and the Crosbie Races at Tobin's Mount Pledsan' Hotel . ;UsIl Fnat.-Notwithstatnding, the ff'ect thle lakre raii's hava had'in cailsing the young raai to grow almost generally,: which shoulit oact against the spread of bushfires, wie are informed that ona was last week burning on the other side of the Wild Duck, near the Kyneton road, by whiclh or. David, Darker lost a portion of hil fenoing. AlPLFOATIONa, For{ 1 No,-The -follow. ing applications have been approved;-, Licenses under section 10-M, M'Allen, Weston; A. J.ones, II. H. Ashworth, and R. Field, Heathcote; J. Richardson, Costerfioeld; 0\. Poole, Lowry. License iunder section ;-, F. 01Clarke, Redocastle. Lewses. under sactioiu 20-E. Jackson, Tooborac; W. Townsend, maud D. (arker, Costerfield ; P. Gleeson, and P. OCdnininghinm, Mooribool?; E. Jonesc • oole oh M, O'Connell, .Axedale,, Graifint tule '.ection 3 l-I-R. oetealf, 'Glenhopo. Holding amtended-J. West, Pyalong, MAQISTERIAL INQUIRY. -A .n?ais0traul mr quiry, reported in another part of_ tlhu issue, was hold by-W. Von.der-Luft, 0E., J,. a x I i t 9ld4.1lis~ Ulotiil, HIeard Hills, on Thursday last, as to the. death of Ilenry Cooper, storekeeper, of that placei who 'was fou>mdlead in his. bed, the satme manipine, The uiedical ovidenaco weh to slio wthat d?at resuilted froo 4isease of the heart. The de. ceased, Who was t>+ vyi stetdy peltoi½ Wyas a r sbstelt ol Heathcote and'luclitty'for a nuix bet of year, and 'air rielrly a -'nteinmher of tci oit of tlito Church of England?? . COSTERFIELD Go0UlAN AN, l I INo COMPA ?y.-Th?o quarterly nnetiug of.the shareholders of the company is? ?advertis?d to take phl?ce on Thursday next, in the Athenc togim, Melbourne. BkroNiN.-=-This gvenino betwooen 4 and & o'olock, ith Yoiin, Autrasiann Bluindin is an nQouucedihy advertisemient to pprforºm op tlhe invisiblewiro and higlº, iope0.'pposit, the Mount dai "Hotel, r heni there wiI sl&oube; a display of fireworks.. We woutld-recommend our reqders tp avail thoemsqlves of the, opppr turnity of. wittiessiig his scilfitl feats, wIlich" arewell. .orth seeing.. . .... CONCERT -.A virv 'good. lv?ograome has: bpen issued in bills nowpin qirculatiop of the cociierF, vhicl it will be seen by advertisement is thobe held at the North Tooborno State selhool, on Tuesday evening the ?7th inst. ). The proceeds tare to be devoted to the purchase Sof prizes fo" tlte ohildreºn of the school. The a..thoiotit H:rimonio Society have kindly promisod their services for the occasion, a In SrPENCER AT Ro001E85F R,-0lj'ioii re: 0 port of it abuino-ý\,.yutiunoe- pwliv nwating in theli i Rooheser Express,. held at Sternherg's Star Hotel, Rochester, on the 12ith inst., and called tbfor the purpose of forming a committee to secure the return of Mr?h Thomas Spencer, w ie-notice that that gentleuam addr'cssed. the Selectors at qonsidorttble length, A4s iMr., e Spencer will no doubt give eoxptession - ta Idia views on a Heathoute platform, we refiaiit , front copying the report. At the olose of the e Meetiug, which is described as a highly sue d cessful ope1 thirty-five of those present put Sdowri their names as willing to. act on the committee, with pewe, to. add to theit nmnm NEw D?ogrncs,-,r.Velearn from a telegram in Friday's 4laill Telegraph that--"New diggings have been discovered at a place.called Homobush, ahbout six miles from Sandhurst, on the M4Ivor road. There are about 140 nen on the ground, and a large number of olaigs have been already marked out. The lcharacter of the country is drift and eoment, very similar to the old White Hills of Sand lIturst, which proved so rich in the early days of Bendigo. There appears to be a large:exteotofcountry ofa similar formatiom, the prospecting claim bottomed at 40ft. obtaining a prospect of 3dwt. ;. but there was a report ourront. that Gdw. hud, been obtained. A. number of Sandhurst people visited the ground to-day, and marked ogt claims."' The lendigo Independesnt of Friday Says :-The new rush at the Ilomebush hasacaused a consi derable sensaiton, and sas the prominent tol bs of conversation in mining circles yesterday. A large ntmnbr of gentlemen frou, Sandhurst visited the scene of operations, and inispected the ground, but a decided opinion as. to the value of the discovery cannot be pronounced before the result of further prospecting is ascertained. The ruslh was exhaustively discussed at the Beehive, and manly members of the broking fraternity, whith wltom business is rather dull at present, spoke, about packing up their ba and baggage, scrip and, sufliage, and going off to the rush, and a general stampede may therefore shortly be expected. There are over 100 men on tha ground at preQat, and mnany. nrore are on tlhý road Much diflculty is experiencec'tln-gettiTg? provisions, as the locality is as yet in a vory primitive state, and the absence of places wjher& beer aind grog can be obtiiunod is rather seriously felt by those used to such hluxuries. Applications have beoon made for temporary licences to sell liquor, but- they cannot be obtained until the place is proclaimed a goldfield . . Nothing Succeeds like Success, says the French proverb. This is strikingly exemplified by the popularity atlained by a stimulating invigorant and diuretio some twenty-five years ago; and which has eorv silice gone on conquering' weakness; kiddmey disease, gravel, rheumatism, dyspepsia, and various other nmladies. It is ala regarded by. physiciaun as an efficient protection against complaints caused by viriations of the?weather, and. is known to the publio as UnoLe.nd.WoeLs'a ScineniAM A?norATr SbaNasw L ."[AnVT.J 