TOWN TALK. A Conference of Firemen was held in Mel bourne yesterday with regard to. the De monstration whieli takes place here on the 24tli and 2oth May. It was decided that the contests should he as follow:—First day, hose practice and ladder and hose practice; second day, engine practice and other events. Good prizes are offered for competition. . The mysterious disappearance of Mr Camp bell from Lara is still the engrossiug subject of conversation in the locality. The general impression is that he was suffering from the effects of a sun-stroke when he left. He was generally respected in the neighborhood, and much. sympathy is felt for his wife and family, owing to the uncertainty now pre vailing as to his fate. The members for the Moolap Hiding of the Shire of Bellarine were severely twitted at the Council meeting yesterday, respecting their recent action in the abolition of tolls. When the toll question was under discussion some months ago, it was pointed out that the main roads could not be maintained without funds, and that either main or other principal roads in the Shire would have to suffer through the loss of the toll-gate money. The prediction has come true -within a very brief period. Tenders were invited for sup plying metal on the two main roads running, through the Moolap Riding, and they came before the Council yesterday. Cr. M'Mnster at. once saw that the works required would swallow np all the available revenue for ex penditure in the riding he represented, and -protested against the money being expended on the main roads. The result of the protest was that the quantities of metal tendered for were' reduced when the tenders "were accepted. •For the third time this week the town was yesterday ' enveloped. in ' smoke. Bushfires have been raging between Geelong and Queenscliffe,~£dso~in"the" Cape OtwayRanges* and on the other side of: Port Phillip Bay. It is supposed that the smoke from these fires is the cause of the thick haze that has obscured portions of the town and surround ing districts for such a lengthened period. • A horse with a spring cart attached, the property of MrNicol,' grocer, of Moorabool street, was loft 'standing opposite a factory at the'corner of Smythe and Cavendish streets yesterday morning. The animal took fright, and there being no chain on the wheel to arrest its progress, it tore along Mercer and Malop-streets at a furious rate, and then turned into Moorabool-street, evidently mak ing for home.: At the intersection of Ryrie and Moorabool-streets Constable Glenny made an attempt to stop the animal, but did not succeed. When the runaway reached Myers-street a-young man, named Lacey, brought it to a standstill, at considerable personal risk. That the horse should have travelled so far without coming into collision with something, is really surprising. As it was no damage was done to either horse or | vehicle. . At the Insolvent Court yesterday, held before His Honor Judge Rogers, the meeting for the examination of witnesses in the case of R. G. Bayldon was postponed until the 18th of April, on the application of Mr Pin cott. Mr Godfrey, on behalf of one of the I witnesses, objected to an adjournment, but j without effect. It appears that a resolution having been passed by the Committee of the Melbourne Protestant Orphan Asylum to board out the children, a Committee has been formed in Geelong to assist them in carrying out the same. The Committee are desirous of making this intimation to persons living in Geelong and district who may wish to become foster parents, and they can have the necessary in formation by applying to the following ladies of Committee:—Mrs J. Shau^ Wes tern Beach'; Mrs Paton, Latrobe Terrace ; Mrs Hobday, do ; Mrs Fink, do ; Mrs Page, Little Myers-street; Mrs English, Aberdeen street ; Mrs Hague, Gheringhap-street; Mrs Balding, Bellerine-street; Mrs Crook, Moor abool-street ; and Mrs Beattoun, South Gee h>ng. . A direct road to the Drysdale jetty is badly wanted by farmers and others living a short distance from the township. The want has long been felt, and those persons having to make a long detour to get to the jetty have frequently complained. The' pro perty of Mr Bates interfered and prevented a direct roadway, but he has been prevailed upon to offer a track through his paddock, GG feet wide and one mile in length, for £G0, and this offer came before the local Conncil yesterday, when a majority of tile councillors decided to offer only £50. As it was known that Mr Bates had made iiis claim as low as possible, and could not make a further con cession, Mr Brazier, the well-known draper, at once guaranteed to collect £10 and add it to the Council's offer, the road being so urgently required. The Council afterwards agreed to pay £60 to Mr Bates on the under standing that Mr Brazier collected the pro mised sum and repaid the Council the addi tional £10. The present disastrous weather is being felt at Lara and along the plains as much as in other parts of the colony. There is in many a place a total absence of grass and a want of water, so that it is almost a mystery how the stock keeps alive. On the You Yangs Farmers' Commons there is fortu nately a plentiful supply of water obtained from the springs. The cattle, with this re freshing supply and feeding on the shrubs growing about the mount, keep up in fine condition; but not so in other places. Cattle generally are in a weak state, and it is anti cipated that unless rain comes soon there will be great mortality amongst them. The farmers, however, are by no means disheart ened, but are engaged in clearing out and deepening water-holes, and in repairing fences. Ploughing has not been commenced, except in a few cases, owing to the hardness of the soil; but preparations are making to make a good start as soon as tbe wished-for rain comes. A small sheep farmer at Swan Bay, named James Bryant, is going to follow the example set by Mr Rntlierford, and the residents about Drysdale and the neighborhood are much pleased. The butchers iu that district are charging 4d and 4Id per pound for mutton, and Mr Bryant is going to sell his sheep, dressed ready for the retail market, at 2Jd per pound. This system of reducing stock is likely to become popular, and it will cer tainly be found more profitable to owners than allowing the sheep to die of starva tion. At the Shire Council of Corio, yesterday, a letter was read from Messrs Mathews Bros., stating that they had made applica tion to Government for permission to get the water conveyed from the reservoir at Lovely Banks to their property on the Bacchus Marsh road; and offering to pay a fair pro portion of the expense of getting the water laid on, and a stand-pipe placed on the road, should the Council undertake the work. This was an admirable proposition, as it would not only bring the water to a central position for the benefit of those re siding both at Cowie's Creek and Lara, but prove a great source of convenience to tra vellers. The Council, however, before de ciding upon the matter, instructed the Sur veyor to ascertain the cost of laying down the pipes and other particulars. The matter will be determined upon at next meeting. The stand-pipes in Geelong, for supplyine water to persons living near the town, have had numerous customers from the country. Residents in various portions of the Bella rine Shire, as well as those -within the town boundaries who have not got the water laid on to their premises, are engaged daily iu carting water to their respective places. A farmer in the neighborhood of Point Henry, whose well has not been dry for over twenty years, is now compelled to drive into Geelong for water to snpply his cattle, and for do mestic purposes. At the meeting of the Bellarine Shire Council held yesterday, it was determined to invite tenders at once for clearing out the various dricd-up water holes in the Shire, in order that a supply of water might bo obtained when the next shower of rain falls. The councillors also decided to request the Government to sub sidise the Council in the matter of the. cost of constructing water-holes in the Shire. On the 31st December a very pleasing ceremony took place at the Anakie Presby terian Church. As the Rev. W. C. Wallace was about to dismiss his congregation for the last time, he invited those present to stay a few moments, as ho said lie had a very pleasing task imposed on him by a few of the ladies of the clinrch, viz., to present a very beautifulfamily Bible to Mrs Kantoniemi, in testimony of her kindness in leading the psalmody in the church, and he made the presentation in a very feeling manner. During the hearing of the case Police v. Einmerson, at the Mount Moriac Court of Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, a witness named Bannister conducted himself in rather a strange manner. He first wished to know who was going to pay his expenses, and then he objected to kiss the Bible when the oath was administered in the usual form. In reply to the Bench, who asked him if he was an infidel, he said "No;" and added, "I acknowledge God as the Supreme Being, but do not believe the Bible is an inspired' volume." He further said that some of the matter contained in the Bible was infamous, and ho would as soon kiss the Geelong Advertiser as the Holy Book. When re minded by the Bench that his refusal to lake the oath in the form recognised in all Courts' of Justice, would be punished, he acquiesced, with reluctance, and kissed the book. It is not long since, at the same Court, that a person who conducted himself in^a similar manner got his answer short, sharp, and decisive—" You are fined five pounds, Sir." The business • at the Police Court yester day morning was Very unimportant. Four drunkards were dealt with, one being de tained during the sitting of the Court, one being discharged, and two being mulcted in penalties of 5s each, or 24 hours' imprison ment. Mr \\\m. Upton, J.P., adjudicated. Most of the roads of the town and throughout the adjacent districts are just .now most dangerous to equestrians and drivers of vehicles, on account of the large quantities of loose metal lying on the sur face. Several accidents have already oc curred through horses being unable to keep their feet, owing to the small rolling stones. Copious falls of rain are as .much required for binding the metal as for affording suste nance to the parched-up root crops and vege tation of every description. About three hundred and fifty tons of lime were forwarded from the Duck Ponds to all parts of the colony in January.- The lime burners are now using better timber than in • years past, being obliged, in the absence of .smaller material, to burn large solid logs, which are better adapted for burning the stone and turning out "a superior article. The members of the Corio Shire Council, with commendable promptitude, yesterday got through an average amount of business by one o'clock, and were then on their way home to attend to their usual avocations. A row occurred at the township of Drys dale on Tuesday evening, when a man named Tucker, who had been imbibing too freely, created a slight disturbance. Mr Brazier, the draper, attempted to put the worshipper of the rosy god out of his shop, but Tucker objected, and in the struggle for supremacy Mr Brazier got his clothes roughly handled. Assistance was quickly obtained to subdue the demonstrative individual, and at one time there were three magistrates engaged in endeavoring to prevent a breach of the peace. The matter is likely to be further heard of in the Police Court. 1 A carrier in the employ of Messrs Holmes, White and Co., named Henry Wright, met with a painful accident yesterday. He was loading a dray with casks of tallow, when one of them fell on one of his fingers and tore the flesh completely off one side. He repaired to the Hospital to have the wound dressed. At the Court of Petty Sessions at Mount Moriac, on Tuesday last, proceedings were instituted against William Emmerson by the police, for selling liquor without a license at Clifford in January last. The defendant, when called on, did not appear. Mounted-Constable Hagger, stationed at Mount Moriac, con ducted the prosecution, and after hearing the evidence of the witnesses, the local jus tices adjourned the case for the attendance of the Police Magistrate on the 20th inst. We understand that arrangements are being made with the Railway Department for the conveyance to Melbourne, on the 20th instant, of the children attending the Chilwcll Wesloyau Sunday School. The Royal Park will bo the scene of the outing. Those who take part in the Hospital Flower Mission are requested to notice that, in consequence of the Wesleyan School ex cursion to Ballarat on Friday, the distribu tion of flowers to the patients will be made this week on Saturday instead. A meeting of all interested in the Conne warre Regatta will be held at the Olive Branch Hotel, to-morrow evening, at eight o'clock. Important business has to be transacted, and a numerous attendance of members of the club and others is requisite. Tiic troupe of Royal Illusionists, whose performances commence at the Mechanics' Institute on the 17th inst., will be under the direction of Mr George Coppin, who was in Geeloug yesterday making the necessary ar rangements. A meeting of the Barwon Regatta Com mittee will be held at the Victoria Hotel this evening, at S o'clock. Mr J. W. Hebbard, of the Shire of Bel larine, has been appointed Collector of the Census Education for that locality; and Mr J. Davoy for Bannockburn. Mr Martin Treacey requests us to state that he is not the person sued in the Connty Court on Tuesday last. A telegram to the Herald, from Sandhurst, says:—"Mr F. Briggs, dentist, committed suicide this (Wednesday) morning, the means used being prussic aeid." An - extraordinarily good crop has been brought under the notice of the Colac Herald. Mr J. F. Strachan, of Ripple Vale, near Birregurra, obtained the magni ficent yield of seventy bushels of oats to the acre, from twenty-five acres of land. The land is part of the fertile Barwon flats. About noon on Tuesday (remarks the Bendiyo Advertiser) a daughter of Mr James Merrigau, hotel-keeper at Golden square, in placing a bit of wood on the fire, allowed her muslin dress accidentally to take fire, and before the flames could be extin guished the girl's body and limbs were severely burnt. The doctor considers the case a critical one. The Ballarat Star states that the annual excursion to Geeloug of Christ Church Sun day School will take place on Tuesday, the 13th instant. Messrs King and Cuningham inform the Argus that they have received the following telegram from their correspondent at .Mit chell Downs, Queensland, under date Feb-, ruary 5th :—" Have had splendid general' rains ; country looking like a wheat field." A well-to-do farmer, named Frederick Dillon, of Argylc, Linton (says the Ballarat Courier), was arrested on Tuesday on a charge of sheep-stealing. For some time several farmers in the neighborhood have lost sheep, and wondered who the thief could be. The Linton police got seeut that Dillon had a quantity of skins in his posses sion. The police had them broueht to the Station, and found that the brands"had been partly obliterated by-pulling the wool out, but some of the skins have been identified by a farmer named Kelly. The Ballarat Courier reports that about one o'clock on Tuesday morning a disas trous fire broke out in the stables of Mr Boyd, Engineer to the Buninyong' Shire Council, at Mount Clear. The fire is sup posed to have been accidentally caused by a man lighting his pipe in the stable." The result of the fire was the complete destruc tion of the stables, the death by roasting alive of a buggy horse, and the burning of a buggy, a set of harness, with hay and oats, tho latter the product of 6 acres of land. Unfortunately Mr Boyd was uninsured. Another well known townsman, states the Colac Herald, has been removed by the hand of death. We allude to the late Mr Robert Cooper, the well known carrier between Colac and Gcelong. Deceased, who was only 22 years of age, expired on Friday Est, from diabetes, after a very short illness. The funeral took place on Sunday last, and the remains of the deceased were followed to their last resting-place in the Colac cemetery by a considerable number of persons. The Church of England Sunday School children also foUowed, as deceased had been a teacher in the school for some time past. The Rev. R. 0. Cook, in the absence of the Rev." Mr. Green, read the impressive funeral service of the Church of England at the grave On Saturday, at Maryborough, a monster codfish was caught in the Loddon by Mr C. Stein. Mr Stein had caught a bream weigh ing 21b, and before he could land it the cod came up and swallowed the smaller fish carrying away the line. As Mr Stein could not swim he gave a bby half-a-crown to go sum vfeLand gefc the line' and after some trouble the fish was landed. It was then found that the cod had paid the penalty of. his rapacity by being choked by the bream the tad of which was still protruding from the cods mouth. The cod measured The Age has the following :-- "On Sunday last the children of Mr Thomas White, of Keilor, were on the suspension bridge that forms the road over the Saltwater River to Mr Goudie's farm, when the youngest child, about two years of age, fell through the wires of the bridge into the water beneath. Mr Herbert Rea, who was on his way to church, hearing cries of distress from the children (one of whom was about to go into the stream to endeavor to save her sister), rushed to the spot and jumped in just in time to save the little one. Notwithstanding that the child had fallen a distance of twenty feet, she seemed very little the worse for the plunge." The match between the All England Eleven and Twenty-two of Wellington, New Zealand, was continued, on Tuesday. The remaining seven wickets' of the local team fell for 7. runs. Sontherton bowled . 84 balls and 12 maidens. He took 'eight; wickets, and-14 runs were made off him. Shaw bowled'83. balls for 11 runs and 13 wickets. He bowled 15 maiden overs. Shaw and Selby went in iiist for the Englishmen. The former was clean bowled. - One for 25., The stumps were drawn in consequence of the rain. Selby made 21, not out. 