Echoes from Home. BY MAJOR VERITAS. I ALWAYS had my doubts respecting that visit of the Prince of Wales to Australia, and those doubts were confirmed when, in one of the Australian papers, I read the names of certain gentlemen who were to accompany the Prlnoe as •pedal correspondents. I now have it from one of those very gentlemen that the project never went further than a hint thrown out by way of feeler, and that the response to that hint was a pretty broad intimation that the House of Commons would not vote the money without a very strong protest No further step was then taken> although the Prince would have been glad to come to our colonies, his special desire being to see New Zealand. The mention of special correspondents suggests the war. One of the recent telegrams states that a batch of them hare been shot by the Turks. Let us hope that the telegram was a fabrication. Tet it is quite likely. The Turks have lately refused to allow newspaper men to accompany their army, and newspaper men would not be worth their salt if they did not glory in defying all sorts of such regulations in order to be first with news. It is not unnatural that, in these days of telegraphing, when the promptly- forwarded telegram of a übiquitous " special" might (and such a thing has happened more than once in late yean), by premature revelation, spoil a good plan of campaign, a general should deal very promptly with an intruder within his lines. There is this also to be considered. The bad odor in which the Turks are at present in Europe is due entirely to the revelations pub lished in the Daily Newt of the atrocities in Bulgaria and elsewhere. On the whole, I fear the Turks would be only too glad of the chance of stopping the special correspondent's pen by a small company of marksmen drawn up early in the morning to lay the unfortunate man low beside his own coffin. War correspondents are numerous now-a-days. There would be in the present war from twenty to thirty from Great Britain alone ; and the French and Germans are falling quickly into our system. G. A. Sola, one the pioneers of special correspondence, and one of the best, caa boast that he has seen most of the battles that have occurred in either hemisphere during the past twenty years ; and he is now on the outskirts of the Turkish army, writing the most graphic denunciations of the Turk, wherever and whatever he might be. Forbes, of the Daily Newt, and Henty, of the Standard, are both old stagers, and they are with the Russians. All manner of men, some of them never heard of in the newspaper world, act as occasional war correspondents, and the public would sometimes be considerably astonished if they knew the source of the contribution which is commonly attributed to some well-known writer. The newspapers at home are co-operating to meat the enormous expense which war cor respondence involves ; the NewcattU Chronicle, Freeman 1! Journal, and two others have raised a fund of £10,000 to send out a correspondent whose production will be their joint property. In these days the work is chiefly done by telegraphic message; so that for the future there will be very little chance of a war correspondent achieving literary distinction as did Dr. Russell and Nicholas Woods in the Crimean war. The best corres pondent is now the man who is most fertile in expedients, best able to ride, and camp, and starve, and fight his way through redtapeism, and all the other obstructions which lie In his way in a foreign country where the freedom and power of the Fran are »bsolutely unknown. And the newspaper that will be foremost will be that—other conditions being equal—that has the longest purse, and the pluck to open it in provid ing special trains, relays of couriers, and carte blanch* to its correspondents to wire despatches by the furlong. The Archbishop of Canterbury is calling a Pan-Anglican Synod for the autumn of 1878, but it seems that several Bishops of the Episcopal Church throughout the world blankly refuse to attend, and a very strong note of protest comes from New Zealand. The last Pan-Anglican Synod, held a few years ago, was not, on the whole, considered satisfactory by the Church at home. It was thought that, as the Synod was a wholly irresponsible body, the meeting was too muoh like playing at the old (Ecumenical Councils. All the sittings of the Bishops and Archbishops were held in private, and the two shorthand writers (one of them, I believe, is now resident in Queensland) who took notes of the proceedings were made to promise secresy. They were the only persons present who were not right reverends; even the secretaries of the Synod were full-blown Bishops. Some of the prelates then present—it was five or six years ago, perhaps more — have since died; others have been shifted by promotion or exchange. Of course it was not to be ex pected that what transpired should be kept wholly a secret, and it leaked out in an Ameri can newspaper that the Bishops were found to be by no means in full accord in doctrine. It was generally whispered, too, that Bishop Selwyn, then a delegate Bishop from New Zea land, made the ears of the English Bishops tingle in a speech which is no doubt recorded in the MS. report which lies in the archives of Lam beth Palace. But he afterwards accepted the bishopric of Lichfield. It is notable that the first protest against the Pan-Anglican Synod now proposed comes from New Zealand. I wonder whether this conference of 1878 will be the last of the kind ever held? No more remarkable news has come to hand for a long time than the announcement by the latest mail that a strong section of tbe Ritualists, under J/tr. Maohonochie, has declared for disestablishment. If a good many far-seeing men are not mistaken, this is the beginning of the end for the State Church. She was safe—at least, for a time—so long as her worst foes were the Liberationists and political dissenters from without. Now we shall see whether a house divided against itself can stand. De Morgan, I observe, is at it again. I re member De Morgan well, as a young man, not too well washed, and somewhat out at elbows, wearing his black hair long over his ancient collar, and making his first bid for the sort of popularity which an agitator amongst working men gets, I would not refer to him at this dis tance but that he, and men of his type, point a moral which working men all the world over may well lay to heart The moral Is that the popularity sought for seldom comes—that if it does it is bitterness and sorrow—that all the so-called working men's champions of working men's rights have sooner or later to complain ot base ingratitude on the part of the persons for whom they profess to be working. Some months ago I read in the Courier a report of some meet ing of unemployed in Brisbane, and on the spur of my amazement that such a thing waa possible in a colony where, so far as my experience as an employer goes, the working men are the real masters (and tyrannical matters, too), I seised my pen to indulge in a few reminiscences of working men's agitations. Some interruption, however, occurred, and you and your readers were at that time saved the infliction. Since then George Odger has died, and De Morgan's name has appeared at odd times in the news from home. Odger died in distress and distrusted, though there was never an abler working man's agitator than Odger. His fate should be a warning. I cannot help ooupling the name of Odger, who had brains, and plenty of them, with De Morgan, who is, and always waa, a shallow-pated egotist, aiming at notoriety ; and I couple them because De Morgan seems to have made violent bids to step into the other's shoes. Odger really suffered for his principles, so long ago as the Chartist days, for he was a Chartist, and not one of the lucky ones who managed to escape the grip of the law. Then he went into Trades Unionism, but somehow he never was thoroughly trusted in that gigantic organisation, which is at the present time revolutionising trade at home, and causjng many people pro found alarm. At that great Reform League meeting in Hyde Park, which has become a matter of history, Odger was in the carriage that conveyed the leaden of the party to the gates, which were locked against them. Subsequently I heard Odger boast that the people had levelled the railings of the park to the ground. Those railings fell by sheer acci dent. Much as was made afterward* of the riotous nature of the proceedings, I can vonch so much from the evidence of my own eyes. My own weight assisted in the business: it was, I say, the purest accident The Reform League people had gone back with nags and drums to make and hear speeches in Trafalgar-square, leaving some twenty thousand idlers like myself who had gone to Hyde Park merely to see the fun. We were looking through the iron railing^ at the troops within—who had been brought out by a thick-headed Government to shoot down the demonstrators—when the railings, which were in a state of disgraceful dilapidation, tottered and fell at one point About forty of us tumbled into the park with the railings, and then arose the uproar and violence which caused so much excitement However, to return to poor Odger. He neglected his business for political agitation; oontested two or three boroughs ; generally withdrew from tbe con tests in a manner never satisfactorily regarded by his brother working men, and never again had their confidence. The Reform League agitation was genuine; it had a great object, and it achieved it But out of it arose a number of sham organisations, of whom De Morgan seems now to be the representative. I remember him in connection with the Land and Labor League, a pot-house society of ragamuffins who really wanted nothing to do with labor, but who pro pounded a wild scheme of dividing everybody else's lands amongst themselves. De Morgan, then a mere youth, thrust himself into the front. The soaety, of course, faflud. Next he tried Trades Unionism; but the Trades Unions were too wide awake; they would have none of him. From that time he haa been perpetually on the move—now doing a little Fenianism, now defying the authorities on Plumstead Common, always call* ing mass meetings here, there, and everywhere, and generally posing for martyrdom. His latest freak is to take up the Tiohborne cause, ask the Queen to receive a deputation, and threaten to mob Parliament with hundreds of thousands of working men. Of oourse a man like this can to some extent obtain a following; the rabble always gravitate towards such naturally. But good working men of Queensland do not . No, no. I will not insult you by supposing you can be led away by the occasional paragraphs which glorify these seedy patriots and down* right enemies to your true interest*. A friend at home nan been reading a pamphlet which somewhat alarms him. He writes me that all virtuous men should clear out of Australia at once. If the author of this precious pamphlet were not either a fool, or a lunatic, or a liar, I should say so too. Let us hope he is one or all of these. I cannot give you the whole pamphlet; but, just as you may form a fair idea of the whole cask by the glassful you draw out of the spigot-hole, you may get a taste of this author's quality by the following tit-bit;—" A» for the heat, bush-fires, drought? floods, hot-winds, mosquitoes, and the larrikin or rowdy element in the colonies, I will only say that the first six may be borne for a time, but the last mentioned, without a great effort is made, will as surely swamp the colonies as ever water swamped out a hole upon Ballarat As to .grass widows, the number of suicides, vice, and immorality, I will only say that I have seen nothing in my travels that is at all fit to be com pared to the Australian colonies. This may be considered strong language, but unfortunately I am sorry to say that it is too true, for I pledge my word that I am drawing it mild ; but I wul oontent myself by saying that I have whips of dry powder in store, and ready for use if neoes sary." 