LATER ENGLISH NEWS BY GABLE. [AtrsrilAI.IAJJ' ASSOCIATED PEESS TELE■ •. OEAMS.J Singapore, January 27. , Ir. replying to a£a-reweii adoress, bir Henry Eliict exirtssei his firni belief in ilie totiire 'of Turkey. * ... 1 he Porte announces its . intention to introduce of its own free •will the reforms demanded •by tiie'EuropeaJi Powers. ■ - ■ London, Januaiy 27. There is no. change in the wheat market. *• \y ailavon copper is quoted at £83, and Burra Burra at' £80. . Australian tin is worth £73 10s. Arrivals—-Allanshaw,- Dana Miltiaaes, and •Eobina.> * • a,' T Bombay, January 28. Midhat Pasha has_sent a despatch inviting Princes Milan and Ivikitato meet him directly, with a view to negotiate for peace. r Mr. Gladstone has delivered a speech at Taunton, in which he maintained the charges he had previously made against the abominable Turkish nyr.-ne, and insisted upon England'sresponsibil ty in the matter. "He stated that Turkey h:vd violated and destroyed the Treaties of lSSii, which treaties were no longer binding. He also refuted the idea that there need be shy suspicions with regard to Russia, and concluded with an eloquent appeal to the people of England to do their duty. The Congress have adopted the plan sug-= gesterl by the Committee of Congress for referring the Question of -the Presidential election to a. mixed Tribunal,' composed of members of the Supreme Court ant of both Houses" or Congress. \- Singapore, January 39. The Porte is vigorously prosecuting the projpRed reforms: Midhat Pasha has issued a decree disarming the civil population. - . - ■ _ Prince Milan is willing to negotiate for pease. Singapore, January 3L Dr. Slade's conviction for obvaining money by fraud as as a 'spiritualist has been quashed. .The Ministerial papers censure" Mr. .Gla :stone for the vagueness of his speeches, and ask from him a dentate statement of policy. lh? r.psrt as to disarming the Turkish population is unfounded. Singapore, February 1. The British, German, apd Italian Consuls advise Prince Nikita to rhake peace if the Porte cedes territory. A summons has been granted against Dr. Slade for coftspfiaey.. Singapore j February 2, A definite indication of the course Russia intends to pursue is anxiously ^awaited. It : is believed that Russia desires to x-ece le from the ground she formerly assumed. . Tixe Czar, in a speech^ delivered at Moscow, stated that Servia claims both the cession of ZvoraLk and the complete evacuation of her •ttrrkeiy by the Turks. ... ' We are compell.d to leave our leader and other matter. A burle :que ci'icket match is to be played at Mount Gauibic-r on Wednesday m-xt between the Lynch Family of B.11ring.vs aud an elev.n of the M. G. Club. Our township during the past few days has been surrounded by bushfires in close proxmity.. JSTo damage, however,. has been done, although the smoke from, them has filled the town. Leav-ng the District. — As will be noted in onr advertising columns, Mr. O. Hunt, another of our farmers, is clearing out for the home countiy. We shall lose in Mr. Hunt a gentleman who has for years past taken an-active part in advancing the interests of the district. As one of-ihe.members of the District Council, Mr. Hunt has always been to the fore in advocating the farmers' interests, and his leaving will, ho doubt, be" felt "by them in no suiall measure. As Mr, Hunt is the .only Councillor representing country ratepayers, we presume that the election of. another country member, to fill the vacancy occasioned by his leaving, will be lieekssary. \- Station Sale.—Messrs. T. W, Boothby and Co. report having sold .the Sheoak Range Station, and eight thousand sheep, to Mr. J. Biackuiore of Peuola, on account of Messrs. Palfcridge and Dunn-at a satisfactory price. Council of Education^--James Greenlees, of Penola, asked leave to open an evening'sfeliool in his own -residence. He stated that lie had accommodation for J26 scholars.—Granted. The Rev. D. MeOalman, who has been jcrmfined to his bed for the last fortnight through illness, we are glad to state, has sufficiently recovered to go about again. • . South Australian Wesleyan . Conference,---On Monday, January 29, lay representatives were admitted for the first time as members of .the. conference, and wera'co'rdially welcomed bv the President and ex-President, Mr. H, Inglis attended as a representative for ■ Karracoorte, and .Mr. J, .Cock, for Mount Gambier. Several motions were moved with-respect to allowing the conference to be open to members 'and adherents and to representatives of i the Press, but -it was ultimately .resolved ; „that the general public be admitted. A ~ deputation from the Baptist, Presbyterian, aud Bible Christian demonstrations attended td congratulate the Conference. Mr. Inglis pleaded, earnestly the muse of the Narrapoorte .circuit. It was some time ! since a minister had been stationed there; the place had been negleeted, to the spiritual detriment of. the district. The Church was in a position to invite a minister, and the prospects financially and otherwise were -very good. Mr. Stubbs confirmed,' showing the increased importance-of both Narracaorte and Kingston since the construction of the railway. A. report.showed that there were now 193 churches under the care of the Conference., against-171 in 1875. The cost of new er-ecfcioiiB. daring the year was £15,440. The total amount raised for. all purposes was £30,484. The mixed conference closed on Thursday. Adelaide Connected "with Sydney by Rah.—The following is the latest move on the cards with respect to railways ;—The Hon, J. P. Boucaut, the late Premier of South Australia, left Melbourne two days ago for Adelaide, and it is said (remarks the Herald) that his business here vitally interested-this colony. The hon. gentleman, while Premier, made a proposal to the Yiofcorian-Government for concurrent surveys io the Border, with a view to the raili Way line iiltimately to connect Melboux-ne with Adelaide. The proposal was not mot j heartily by Mr. Gillies, then in office as | i Minister of Railways. He fornd that his surveyors were too busily engaged, and reinforcements of ■ competent, men conkl not be obtained, Mr. Boucautthen went on/another tack. He turned ins attention to the Murray, and devoted all his energies to the. prospected lint s which v.-enM conj nect with Sydney rather than Melbourne. Sir. Bone int, now leader of the Opposition, still holds to that policy. it is wellknown that some wealthy men, whose head-quarters are in Melbourne, nevertheless favour the same plans, and Mr. Bmxcaut has visited the city several timis' for consultation. TiiE Cemetbey.— Most <f our readers are aware that some little lime back the Cemetery Committee call, d ior -tenders for enclosing our Cemetery w,th a stonewalk; A tender was accepted and the work began ; but the Committee have had to stop the work for want of funds. They relied on the support of the people of the district to assist them by coming forward with subscriptions sufficient, to pay the cost of the work ; - they have, however, been disappointed in their expectations. We do not know whether the necessity for the Work has been forcibly brought before. the public in such a way as to arouse their generosity; but we feel we cannot do better than to advise one and all just to Visit the spot that is termed our Cemetery, and we are sure, ai they view it, the desire to have at least, a i respectable last-resting place for our dead will ^readily engage their sympathies. There cattle of all dtscriptions feed and trample upon everything, and we would simply enquire is snch a state of .things .creditable to us as a commun.iy 1 We trust all will See it their duty to give something towards this very needful work, Victokia District Road Bqaed,—The annual meeting of this Board was held at Mount Gam bier, on Monday, January 29. There were present Messrs. John Watson, (chairman), A. D. Handyside, A. F. Barrett, W. A. Crouch, and Thos. HOrchard. . Mr. Jas. Cock attended, and offered thevBoard 391 cubic yards of metal delivered'in excess of specified quantity on Snuggery Contract .No. 11. The Engineer considered that 30 per cent, should be deducted from the value of this. metal, in consequence of inferior petal being used in the contract, Mr.-'* Cock sfeid the best metal was used that could be obtained. The Board said that the contracts must be carried out with the sample of metal accompanying the tender, and a reduction would have to be submitted to. —The Board allowed 5s. per cubic. yard for the surplus metal. Tenders were opened for making two milts of new road between Penola and the Border as follow.;—H. Smith, £1,786.; A. Mansfield and Co., £1,932; J. and j. Cock, £1,318 ; Win. Paltridge, £1,331.—All considered too high. It was resolved to readvertise • the work.in two contracts. T.ie Seer tary j reported the balance in bank v.as £1,333 7s. Id, -The annual report of worxs and th; financial statement-for 18/6 was laid on the table, and ordered to u., transmitted to thj Hon, "Commissioner of -Public Works. Teetotal i ngth of road nude during the year 1S76 was 6 iniles3chaais. Insolvency Count, — In re Tuoinns • Stuart, of Narracoorte, Hawker. —Adjourned finai hearing. Mr. Feiiu for the. trade assignee ; Mr. J. W. Downer tor t „e .Official Assignee ; Mr. 3. Boucaut for the insolvent. The Accountant reported j Liabilities unsecured, £231 7s. 9i.; assets. mortgaged property valued at £45, less mortgage, £30=£15; claims for goods seized by Mr. Carroll, £237 ; sundries, £2f 5s. 4d. =299 6s. 4d. ; surplus, £67 17s. 7d. The insolvent' was a hawker, and his statement is that on August 26, 1-876, -Mr. Carroll, his principal creditor, seized without any authority stock valued, as per statement, at £257 and six bullocks and a waggon. Tfie bullocks and waggon were taken under Local Court executions in suits Lambert & McKinzie v. Stuart. On September 12 insolvent was sent to gaol for 40 days a t suit of Mr. Carroll, and on dfeing released he sued Mr. Carroll, who thereupon made him insolvent.. There are accounts of the expenses, but not of the pro'iis of his business." Second-class certificate awarded. A. provisional maintenance order of £13 was granted.—Advertiser. Narravoortb Turf Club.—In another column we publish the weights for the Handicap Hurdles and the Kincraig Plate, which, taking them as a whole, are very fair " equalizations." Some are of opinion that George Frederick is *'kt in" too light, an i that lie should have " topped" the list instead qf-Planet: Tiiera are nine acceptors for the NaiTaco.Qrte Handicap, and if the other handicaps till i>ut as well we I .can safely reckon upon haying on Wednesday week one of the best-race-^neetings fever held in the South-East. The .following are the latest quotations in betting:— Narracoorte Handicap—George Frederick, 3 to 1; Lord Hai'ry, 3 to 1, Hurdles —Shamrock, 5 to 2 ; Goldfish, 4 to 5 and 5 to 1; Ebhor, 6 to I; Lord Harry, 3 to 5 and 5 to 1, Good Tesiklaby. —The quarterly meeting of the Guiding Star Lodge, No. 4, I.O-G.T.,, was held last Friday, when the -following officers were installed for the ensuing quarter :— Bro. Melbourne, -W.C.T.; Sister C. M. Attiwili; W.VdT..; Sister Sharpley, W.S.; Bro. Hutehins, W.F S.j Bro. Doolan, W.T.; Sifter pEl. M. Atttiwill, W.C.-; Bro. Coates, Sister McKay, W.D.M.; Brq. Plsitt, W.I.G.-; Bro. Davis, W.G.G. Bros. A. Attiwili and Thomas were elected , to represent the Lodge at the annual Session of the Grand Lodge to be held in Adelaide on March 14. The various quarterly reports were read, which showed the Lodge to be in a healthy state. puechase-MoNSy Falling D.ce.~A number of selectors in the Hundreds of 'Xaiiafa and Binnuia are reminded in the last Gazette that the purchasc-mq^ey. for land held by .them .under Aet 14 of 1868-9, falls due during the month of March, 187.7.. Hospital Committee.—In consequence of there not being a sufficient number of members present, the meeting of the Hospital committee lapsed on Thursday, Mr. T, JT. Wood and the Secretary, Mr. Farmer, were the only persons present, Kingston.—Our correspondent informs us that the Coorong arrived late on Saturday night, and he is therefore unable to send us the manifest. The Swallow sailed for Adelaide during the week with 59 bales of wool. Land fqk Selection.—A number of sections of improved land in the Hundreds l of ijinnum and Hynam will be offered for I sale at the Land Office, Adelaide, on I Thursday, the 15th of February, 1877. j The land in the Hundred of Binnum adjoins the Cunkar Head Station, and that in the Hundred of Hynam is from seven to eleven miles north-north-weaterly and north-easterly of the township of Harra| ci-crte. Between 20 and 30 sections in i the Hundred of Hynaia will be offered on the same date, the upset price being £1 per acre. A- New Township.—A new township has been proclaimed in the Hundred of Joyce, on the Kingston and Narracoorte railway line. It is named Lueindale, and its definitions are as follow :—Commencing at a point 250 links south of the Kingston and Narracoorte Railway, and 10,780 links east bf the north-western corner of Section 28y Hd. Joyce ; thence easterly, parallel to said railway for 200 links; thence southerly at right angles for 1,800 links; ishwice easterly at right angles for 1,850 Unks ; thence northerly at right angles for 4,300 links ; thence westerly at right angles for 2.C50 links ; and thence southerly to point of commencement, exclusive of the Railway Reserve. A number of allotments of land in this new township will be offered for sale on Thursday, 1st day of March, at the Land Office, Adelaide, the upset price affixed to them, being from £2 to £2 10s. Keebing the Footpaths..—The following is the answer of the District Council to the petition sent into them by residents respecting the state of the footpaths :— "Council Office, Narracoorte, January31, 1877\. Gentlemen,—In reply to your •petition, asking to have the footpaths in Smich, McRae, and Robertson - streets curbed and, repaired, and the metal on Smith-street rolled, I have the Km or, by direction of the Council, to say that their Overseer has been instructed to get the metal on Smith-street rolled as early as possible, and .that tenders will be called by next meetiug for supplymg proper material for repairing the footpaths. I am, gentlemen, your truly, D. Campbell, clerk." Cricket.—At a commitfce meeting of the Mount Gambier Cricket Club it was resolved to challenge the arracoorie Cricket Club to play a match on Saturday, February 10- This challenge was considered at a Committee meeting of the Narracoorte Clubhm Friday evening, and it was resolved to accept it, a3 well as one from the Border Town club. The match with the Mount team will be played on Saturday next, Feb, 10, and with the Border Town eleven on Tuesday, February 13, the day before the races. Tile Nana-, coorte teams will be picked -from the following players :—-A Affleck, J, Langdon, C, Mclnnca, F D. McL.-od. C. Robinson, A, Smith, R. H. Botterill, H, B. Laurie, D. A. Mcl&chlan;, W. Powell, J. E. Sutton, F. \Y.. Davison. A, L, Oiks, J. Masters,- J. AScGilchrist, J, McLaren, J. S. Robertson, and C. Woodgrae. The matches will be piayej on the usual ground, near the iilause. Unclaimed Letters,—The following letters, addressed as follow, were iying at the General Post-Office, Adelaide, OU January 8.1, awaiting claimants:—Aiiain, James, care or Air. Tiiomsou, .Mount' Gambier; Annett, Air. G., care of Alelnnes, Esq., Craver, Sin Bay, Robe ; Blacksatt, Alias, P,0-, Alonnt Gambler ; Burkhill, Mr. J., Narracoorte ; Conner, Mary, butclier, care. of Mr. Moore, Southeast ; Cormby, Air, T., hospital, Mount Gambier ; Cormby, Air. M., iVI .mnt Gambier P.O.; Day, Air, Geo., near Narcot; Dowling, Air. ii., Mt. Gambier ; Doeherty, Air. Jas. P.O., Garabierton ; Ethelbert, Messrs. Ai. E., Gambierton ; Goulding, Mr. W. W., Hughes Station, Wellington ; Hudson, Airs. It., P.O., Coorong, Jones, W. W., Tatiara, South Australia ; Jones, Mr., P.O.,Mr. Gambier, S.A.; Kent, Air. Patrick, Miilicent Drain Works, care of Air. Cock; Livingstons, John, Mount Gambier; Marsdeu, Wm., care of Jos. Lee, Port MacDonnell; McDonnell, J., Allandale East; McGavan, John, P.O., Narracoorte ; McCrae, Alex., Horse Shoe Bend, Mt. Aluirhead ; Nugent, W., Gambierton ; Russel, J. D. care of IX. Gangell, AlcDonald Bay, Maribal; Sharp, Mr., Mount Gambier; Smith, Thus., Kingston; Thurwell, Louisa, Aliss, Narracporte; Waite, W,, (supposed), Coonatto ; Watson, Thos., care of Air. G. Chambers, Esq., Brimbago South. AIakine Boaiox—At the last meeting of this Board the Harbour-Master of Edithburgh reported on the wreck of the schooner Rambler, which happened. three miles of Wool Bay. She was ..a total wreck, but he thought the whole of her gear and masts could be saved without much expense. The President remarked that he did not think it was necessary to hold an investigation, aud that it appeared everthing was _ done to save her that might have been done. 