COUNTRY NEWS. NORTHAM. (From a correspondent.) The weather still continues excessively, hot and is absolutely quite prostrating and enervating. Very large bush-fires have been burning and surrounding us all the week, and the atmosphere has been quite murky with the dense volumes of smoke. The return cricket match between New- castle and Northam is not likely to come off, it seems. The reason of this, however, does not appear to be on account of the " dress- ing" and drilling which the former got here on New Years' day, for one of the leading men and supporters of the Newcastle team has confidently expressed his conviction that, were the return match to be played, the Newcasfcleites would undoubtedly turn the tables on their own ground. The Northam eleven were rather anxious to play the return match, as it would have afforded them an op- portunity of a little more play, as well as of getting their hands a little better" in," before they challenged the " Leviathans,"-for, we suppose, that the York Club must now be regarded and classed as being really "Al," after the very hollow victory they achieved, a short time ago,-not against the Guildford Club, or against a " Guildford" eleven, for there would not have been, after all, so much kudos perhaps in that,-but the victory was ' achieved against some of the " crack" players of the colony, and the most prominent cricke- ters and members of the Perth, Newcastle, and Northam Clubs. With such a prestige, then, attaching to them, should Northam elect to throw down the gauntlet to the York '* nonpareils," they must look well to, and also well after, their practi"e ; and they must also put on and display their very best form, or the laurels, which they so recently won over their neighbours of the West, may be triumphantly torn from their brows by their neighbours of the East, for, as York and Northam are both, just now, flushed with a recent victory, it remains to be seen and proved with which the laurels are to continue. Northam will, no doubt, should the match take place, be able to give a very good, if not an excellent, account of itself, even if the question of "laurels or no laurels" should have to be determined on the York, and not on their own " convincing" ground ; and they may depend upon it that York .will struggle hard, aye, very hard, to retain their position and will also play " all they know" to hold the "pride of place." Tlie water famine is becoming daily more serious and more momentous, and, extremely small and limited as is the quantity now available for the settlers, even this, it ap- pears, must be polluted, for it is said that, J m one of the wells, some persons have been not only seen, but also caught, "bathing." | This is really and truly monstrons and dis- | gnsting, and, in such a time of scarcity and j famine, merits severe punishment ; and, to j make matters even still worse if possible, those who have been guilty of so shameful a ' practice, are not proverbial for their uniform j and general habits of cleanliness. The per- 1 son on whose property the well is Bitnated, j talks, it is said, of taking steps to have the f parties brought to justice, and, if he does : not do so, some one else will perhaps en- « deavour to have them punished, both for the sake of public decency and the public benefit. On Thursday the 1st hist., our usual Petty Sessions were on again. There was a most unusual amount of business before this Court -some 12 or 14 cases having been entered on the police sheet for hearing ; most of them, however, were not of any general interest. In one of them, an information had been laid for permitting a drunken person to be on the premises, but, as the evidence showed that the inebriate was actually being removed off the premises at the time the police was pass- ing, the information was of course dismissed; with a due and proper rebuke and caution^ from the Bench that greater care and circum- spection should be used, and the character and substance of informations be more accurate and precise. In another case, one of robbery from the person, the three persons, charged with the offence, were respectively sentenced ; to six months' hard labour. The scene and locale of the robbery requires rather more strict supervision over it on the part of the authorities, for it is not the first serious offence that has happened there. On Thurs , day next the 8th inst., the informations { against the well-bathera, alluded to above, is-. ¡ to be heard, and another heavy day's busi- J ! ness is likely to occupy our worthy R.M. and j the Bench. j The interest in the match between " Van dieman" and " Chorister" seems to be very j much on the wane. Report says that it is as good as over, and so it is, if the partisans of " Vandieman" are to be relied on, and their "tip" is correct. It would appear as if it is really " a guinea to an orange," and quite a foregone conclusion ; but many, aye many, a " moral certainty" has not come off before now, and has left its dupes, and its deluded "pluugers" and followers in extremis and should the rumour, that " Vandieman" is somewhat unsound, or " groggy," or shaky, in some of his " understandings," turn out to be true, and should the present dry and hardening weather continue, the " pot" will, in all probability, " boil over," through " V.-indieman's" falling lame during the running, and then the " plungers, " his friends, backers, and admirers, will wring their hands, bite their lips, and regret their confidence. The approaching metropolitan meeting is likely to be niore interesting perhaps than, a short time ago, it promised to be : for, now that the "great gun," the formidable "Flemington," has, by an accident, been rendered horn de combat, some of the " smaller fry," and of the less pretentious to turfite laurels, may be induced to " pntin an appearance" for some of the events ; but there is hardly sufficient time to make it worth while tf > put any additional horses into training, simply because all or any of the events are likely to be more " open" through the absence of the " crack." 5th February. 