THURSDAY, OCT. 11. CROUCH V. WILDING. SWALE v. WILDING. James Barndon, the first witness examined this morning, said he was a farmer living in the neighborhood of Mokine, and that on the morning of the fire he was at Lawnswood with some cattle. He had pointed out to him the spot where the fire originated, and he was well acquainted with the surrounding country. In witness's opinion there was no necessity whatever for the defendant lighting the fires which he did, in order to protect Lawnswoed ; he could not conceive what his object could have been in doing so. Had Lawnswood been in danger, there was a cart road which would have intecepted the pro- gress of the fire. To the defendant : There was nothing to prevent the original fire taking a straight course to the "basin," in the direction oi Mokine ; the intervening country is very grassy. I believe that is the course which the fire did take ; at any rate there waa nothing to stop it. William Leman, a farm laborer, was next called to speak to the extent of Swale's losses by the fire At that time he was in Swale's service, and on the day of the fire he was the only person on the premises. There were two ricks on the farm, containing together from 28 to 30 ton3 of hay. Witness made every effort to save them, but his exer- tions were futile. Everything in the vege- table garden was destroyed, as also a quautity of harness. Mr. Joseph Lockyer, said he had seen the two hay stacks alluded to, one of which waa a very fine one, the other being a good deal smaller. He estimated the quantity of hay in the two at about twenty-six tons. To the defendant : The losses which you yourself sustained by the fire were very con- siderable-probably more so than either of the plaintiff's losses. I believe that a fire lighted anywhere in the neighborhood of Mokine at that time of the year, would, with the wind that was blowing at the time, spread all over the country. There was nothing to prevent the original fire spreading to Mokine. Mr. F. Morrell, senr., said he measured the fence belonging to the plaintiff Crouch which was destroyed by the fire, and found it to be about 80 chains in length. Judging from the portion of the fence which escaped destruction, it was a good, substantial, well built post-and-rail fence, worth 19s 3d. per chain, (according to a calculation, which wit- ness entered into). Walter Pratt, a farm-laborer in Mr. Crouch's employ, also deposed to the value of the burnt fence. He said he assisted to erect it, and used a good deal of logwood for the purpose. The Attorney General : What ! the log- wood they make port wine of 1 Witness : I don't know, I'm sure ; but I could do with a drop now. Patrick Duffy, the witness who, on the previous day, had exhibited signs that he loved his beer not wisely but too well, was, at this stage, brought in in custody of a police- man, and, being again sworn, gave evidence as to the instructions he received from the defendant with reference to lighting the fires alongside the road. He was cross-examined at considerable length by the defendant, and some amusement was created when the latter endeavored to elicit from him-with a view, presumably, of testing hi3 credibility whether he recollected seeing a kangaroo bounding pass them when the fire was raging The witness, however, persisted in asserting that he saw nothing of a kangaroo, adding in allusion to the defendant who had recourse to spectacles-that if he wore glasses he might pei'haps have seen it. This retort, of course, reminded the Attorney General of the answer given by that eminent witness Mr. Weller, in the case of Bardell v. Pickwick, who, when asked by Sergeant Bnzfuz whether he had a pair of eyes, replied, " Yes, I have a pair of eyes, and that's just it. If they wos a pair o' patent double million mag nifyin' gas miscroscopes of hextra power, p'raps I might be able to see through a flight o' stairs and a deal door ; but bein' only eyes, you see, my wision's limited. " The evidence of this witness closed the case for the plaintiffs. Mr. Wilding, the defendant, in opening his case, addressed the court as follows : May it please your Honor and gentlemen of the jury-F feel my inability, gentlemen, to lay this case before you in a vivid and clear manner, but as I am so ignorant that the gentlemen of the legal profession cannot, or will not, understand my case, and lay the merits of the case before you, I am compelled in the interests of myself and family to try and do so myself. Before the commence- ment of these long-to-be-remembered trials, I tried in every conceivable way to come to some amicable arrangement with Mr. Leeder, knowing that he lost a good deal of property as well as myself ; and a plan was suggested which would not bear unequally on either of us. At first, Mr. Leeder agreed to settle it mutually by arbitration, but as I did not press him at once he became very cool, and sought advice from every lawyer whether he could not get out of paying at all. He went to Mr. Burt who told him that he was liable, and he had better make it up in the easiest way he could. He was then inclined to do so, and we began to mention different parties who should act as arbitrators, if we could not come to terms ourselves. At about this stage of affairs I made a "proposition to him to this effect-that if he would pay me £300 in three years I would put all the amount I could back to him in his business, and any- thing he could assist in carting material for building or fences should be taken from the amount. But mind you, gentlemen, this amount would not represent the losses I sus- tained, as assessed by a competent man to be above £600. About this time Mr. Leake cot hold of the case, and not being on friendly terras with me, from canses that are well known to me,-having exposed some wrongs I received or believed I received at his hands -I resorted to the public print. Is it to be wondered that this gentleman to gratify his feelings would have carried these actions to their present crisis ? Or is to be wondered at that theBe.two men, Duffy and. Chadburn, who were discharged from my employ fot' getting drunk and neglecting my horses, after they had been racing, were made easy dupes to carry on these crushing actions ? Now, gentlemen, I will call my witnesses, and it will be clearly shown that the fire which burnt down Mokine, was not the one I lighted, and I hope to show you that I am not the villain I have been painted during the proceedings in these trials. You have heard from all the witnesses that the original fire would have burnt Crouch's and Swale's property. Surely, gentlemen, you will give me credit*for doing my best under the cir- cumstances, and if one man's mode of deal- ing with a fire is different to that of another, it does not follow that the plain I adopted was not the best. It has been insinuated that I threw the fire across the road. Now t you know, gentlemen, it is simply absurd to i say that if a fire is burning on one side of the road, it is not to burn on the other side, without being thrown across. No doubt, many of you, gentlemen, have had some ex- perience in the matter of bush-fires and I only appeal to your common sense in the matter. The manner in which the witnesses have given their evidence will give you an idea of the feeling existing towards me in this matter. There is an animus that must be apparent to you, and the sympathy which has been created for Mr. Leeder has, I fear, done much towards damaging my cause. With these few observations, gentlemen, I will now call my witnesses. Mrs. Wilding, the defendants' wife, said, in reply to his questions, that their daughter Alice reported the presence of smoke in the bush in the neighborhood of their house on the day in question, and that the defendant was asleep in bed at the time. About half an hour elapsed from the time this announce- ment was made and the time when the de- fendant and the two men, Chadburn and Duffy, went to the scene of the original fire, and lighted the other fires spoken of. Alice Wilding, daughter of the defendant, said she and her brother accompanted him and the two men to the fire, and when they got there her father told them to remain there while he went to see if the fire had crossed the road at the Clackline. On his return, he instructed Chadburn and Duffy to light the grass alongside of the road, which was done. He sent Chadburn on the pony to Mokine to warn the inmates, but the pony would not face the fire. He then mounted, and went himself. Tommy Wilding, hrother of the previous witness, corroborated her statements. Mr. John Henry Gregory, farmer and grazier, near Northam, examined by the de- fendant, said he remembered the Mokine fire. When hi- first observed it, it was bearing in the direction of his own homestead, which adjoins the Mokine estate. It came from the direction of the Clackline, the wind at the time blowing due north, and continuing to blow in that direction for about two hours, when it veered suddenly westward, changing the path of the fire eastward. It was one of the most fierce bush fires witness had seen for years ; it must have travelled at the rate of six or seven miles an hour. Witness did did not think,-from what he had heard that the lighting of the bush by the defend- ant would have materially affected the ori- ginal fire, which by that time must have travelled a considerable distance ahead. Wit- ness felt satisfied, in his own mind that it was the original fire which, on account of the sudden veering of the wind, caused the de- struction complained of He could not, con- scientiously, see how the fires lighted by the defendant had caused the damage. Mr. William Giblett, another farmer, residing in the same neighborhood, said, from his knowledge of the locality, that the fire lighted by the defendant could only have affected the original fire for a short distance, as it would expend itself in a patch of white gum forest on its line. William Tarling, who was living with the defendant, as teamster, at the time of the fire, said he was at work with the team in a field near Mokine on the day in question, and gave evidsnee as to the direction in which the tire .carne, and described how he and his team escaped. This concluded the evidence for the de- fence. Mr. Wilding then summed up his case, and the Attorney General having replied, His Honor proceeded to charge the jury. He said the defendant was charged with hav- ing negligently lighted and managed a fire so near the boundary of his farm and landa that the said fire spread over the plaintiffs' farms and consumed their property. The law on this point was to the effect, that, wrei a fire was so negligently lighted, or kept alight, by a person or his servant, as to set fire to his neighbor's premises, it was not enough that* the defendant had acted bona fide, for, if by want of judgment or want of care, injury had bein effected,|he was liable. Therefore in the present case, whether the defendant acted wilfully or ignorantly, he must be held responsible, if the jury were of opinion that the injury sustained by the plaintiffs was oc- casioned by his act. But their difficulty would consist in this :-was the injury oc- casioned by what the defendant did Í In an action of this kind, it would not do to specu- late ; the plaintiff must prove his case. It was for the jury to say, in the face of the evidence laid before them, not whether the defendant had acted ignorantly and unwisely, but that what he did caused the destruction of property which, had he not so acted, would not have been destroyed. No witness that had been examined had been prepared to say so ; but the jury, before they could find for the plaintiffs, must be satisfied on this point. If, however, they arrived at the conclusion that the plaintiffs' property would not have been destroyed had the defendant not lighted his fires-however innocent he may have done so-they would find for the plaintiffs. The jury then retired, and, after an ab¿ sence of an hour and a half, returned into court with a veidiet for the defendant, in both cases. [The remainder of our report is held over until Friday.} 