COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.! YOttK, November 17. No rain ; nor sign thereof. Fire now is all die rage. Bunufires bave beeu seen iu various directions. A large one in a South-west direction has been burning for several days. Little buys, ' too/ very little oues, have takeu a particular fancy to dangerous practices with dangerous matches. A litde toddler the other day walked into bis mamma's bedrooiu, lighted a match from a box on the dressing table, and tkrev- it iuto some gauz^d curtains, then walked out as triumphantly as if be bad conquered- a uatiou. A considerable portion of the bed furniture was burnt, but the fire, through die aid of friends, was gut under without further damnge. Two other small boys a few days back, having become possessed of twopence walked iuto a store in tbe town where they invested in a penuy worth of lollies, eipeud the balance in a box of matches, with which they set off towards some cultivated fiel Is containing bay, -fcc. Coming upou a piece of bush landonesuggested to t le other a bit of a fire. No sooner said than done. A match was lit, setting fire to the whole box, which was at once dropped on tbe dry grass, auu we unug was complete, naving tried to conquer tbe fire, to tlieir dismay they found the fire conquered diem, upon which they butted. A sufficient number of bands being near, tbe tuts was got under without serious damage. A stack of saudalwood, value £500 and upwards was standing a- few yards off. But the worst event in the shape of a fire I have to chronicle is that which consumed the homestead of Mr. John Fleay, jun.,. eventuating iu a loss of £1000 at least. The origin is a mystery — some stray match iu all probability ; no one seems tu kuou\ The bam, stable, horse mill, mill walk h»y stack, farming inipleiueti's, and dwelling house, were iill burnt The fire crept from the burning mass into the field of corn close by, and ueanng the dwelliug house, that best of all aid to a fire, a whirlwii.-l, carried some burning corn ou to the thatch, thus completing the wreck. A lew articles o- furniture only were saved, ami the team lior&es.; Much syiu|«ihy is felt for Mr. Fleay and family iu their great disaster. — Au old settler named George Loiigbottom, uuce iu goo-( circumstances, died ou the 12th instant. He lived the lite of a hermit about a mile out of York. He was fouud by a neighbour in a dreiuifully eni.-tciated state. I do not tl'iuk he died exactly from the want of food, as I know ids sou sent him a bag of flour no great while back, but more from want of some one to nurse him iu bis sickness. No one knew he was ill uutil too. late to succour him. — Now, as regards our wheat crop, I do Uiit think we should be justified iu breaking our hearis just yet. I bave eXiuumed several belils arouuei. town, and find that Liud well cultivated will yield twelve bushels (and perhaps over) u tbe acre. Again, Luid that Las beeu beggared with uver- croppiiig and indifferent plough ing, or perhaps not ploughed at ali, will not yieLl more than two or three, ami is not worth the cutting, either for hay or corn. I have consulted several thoroughly practical farmers, who assure me that they expect to reap tully twelve bushels per acre ; aud although without rain things are not so bud as might have l-eeii expeced. Thus it is proved that wheat will flourish in a hot nud dry couutry, provided the land be well cultivated. 