Now that the hot season is approaching, and bushfires may be expected to occur, it will not be out of place to remind our country readers that hay can be insured, and that they may thus protect themselves from loss by fire among their stacks. A reference to our adver tising columns will afford intending insurers the necessary information on the subject. Our Nairne correspondent, -writing on November 7 saya: — A son of Mr. Hawk, of Cal lington, was bitten in the leg by a snake to-day. Dr. Deane, of Nairne, was telegraphed for, and at once -attended. The proper remedies ,were used, and the boy is recovering. The fattier cut open the leg and sucked the wound, which had the effect of saving the lad. With reference to rust in the South East, we take the following extract from letters in the Strathalbyn paper. The Wellington correspondent writes : — ' From what I have seen of the wheat crops, and from what I have heard, the farmers were more afraid than hurt as far as red rust is concerned. There will be an average harvest in this quarter.' The Bletchley correspondent of the paper sends the following : — ' Red rust is causing some amount of alarm. I have examined the crops from here to beyond ^Callington. I give you the result. From Hartley up the Bremer the crops are not badly affected with rust as a rule. In s'-me crops about Callington rust is not visible. It seems from all I can gather that crops in the district or neighborhood of the Langhorne's and An gas Creeks are among the worst affeceed.'' ' We are glad to note,' says the Wal laroo Times, of November 7, 'that the Stipen diary Magistrate is determined to use all means in hip power to put down the mischievous practice of stone throwing, which is now be coming so prevalent amongst boys and youths in this township. On Monday last, two boys were brought up before him, one of whom was the lad who wounded Miss Bond on Sunday, October 28, and they were fined 30s a piece for throwing stones. His Worship, however, inti mated that a fine scarcely seemed to him to meet these cases, as the burden fell generally upon the parents, and he thought the lash would be the most efficacious. That is not within his power to inflict, but be intimated that in future all similar offenders would be sentenced to imprisonment without the option of a fine.' A correspondent, -writing from Yonarala on November 6, says : — ' It is little more than a year and a half since I was at this township, which, if I remember aright, then consisted of one galvanized iron store. There is now an hotel of very superior character to the general description of country houses, its internal arrangement reflecting the highest credit upon tie architect; a handsome stone chapel, two stores, a dozen or more well-built houses, and more in course of construction. This bids fair to be one of the largest townships in the north. One thing is required, viz., police protection. Last evening, in daylight, a fellow bolted with a horse that was tied up before the hotel. He was chased at once by a horseman and a man with a buggy. The horseman rounded up the bolter, and in trying to cross the horses was thrown, and the buggy went over him. He was conveyed to the hotel and immediately attended by Dr. Carter. He professed to be much hurt, but on examination his injuries were not very apparent. It was fortunate Dr. Carter had not left for Terowie, as the fellow might have given much uneasiness to those who caught him, but the neighborhood has increased so rapidly that the doctor is obliged to spend a couple of days in the week here. The crops in the neighbor hood look very favorable, and for the time of year business is tolerably brisk.' 