ituine oMfriue. - . Fobthbr Prorogation of Pabxia- mxnt. — Our Melbourne correspondent in form. na, fay wire, that Parliament will be proriig'ued'at-the end of this week until the 3rd of ApriL : ... £HB LTSPRKHKNTftTiON OF TUB yvim- sckra. District. — According to a telegram from onr Horsham correspondent, authentic information haa been received to the effect that either Mr. Gillies or Mr. Ramsay will offer tbeir .aervioea to the electors in the Wimmera electorate — probably Mr. Gilliea, who, -bur correspondent thinks, will stand a very good cfaanoe. . Whilst they will doubt- lea be pleased to hear of thia, the electors of Nortnanfay would probably have preferred that Mr. Gillies ehquld have offered himself for their constituency. The Representation of Portland. By a late telegram received last evening we -learn that Mr. -Moat, M.L.A., has finally determined not to offer himself for re-election, and leaves Mir. Cope and Mr. Hughes to fight for the ' representation of Portland. Of the two Mr. Cope is said to be the favourite. A Gas Company. — It should scarcely he necessary .to remind all who have the interest of the town of Hamilton at heart, that thia is the evening on which the Mayor ; haa invited the inhabitants to meet him, and discuss tbe advisability of establishing a gas. company. Aa the town-hall ia otherwise engaged, the meeting will be held in the oonooil chambers. This, however, will not signify. It is not a crowded meeting that is required, or much talking. That a gaa com-' pany will pay well, everybody who -has given' the question any consideration is convinced.; What is wanted is that onr moat energetic citizens shonld meet and form a preliminary: oommittee, with power to employ skilled assistance and bring np a report. Opening of the Railway to Glen Thomson. — We learn from the Hon. Thomas Bromel that on Tfanraday last he made it his business to enquire -at -the Railway depart ment as to the date on which the station at Glen Thomson ' wonld fae dpehed-for traffic. He was informed that the line wonld be opened for the conveyance of passengers sod stock on or abont the 31st March, or if prac ticable, one week 'earlier, aa the Department were arranging for the erection of temporary drafting yards for the reception of cheep. By thia it will be seen that the various connciis interested should lose no time in endeavour ing to brfeg abont the much desired altera: tions required in onr postal arrangements. Incendiarism. — The Koroit Express is informed "."that tbe owners of property destroyed by the recent bush-fires in tbis district have offered a reward of £600, which has been supplemented by a reward of £300 from the Government, to bd paid to any person who may give each information as may lead to tbe conviction -of tbe persona who net the bosh on fire. If this ahouid.be true, Senior-Constable Gray, of Koroit, stand, a good chaoc. for the prize — that ia, 1 of course, if the evidence against the men be arrested a few days ago ia sufficiently con clusive to point to themes the perpetrators of tbe ontrage." By onr telegraphic intelli gence, it will be seen that Joyce, one of the ' prisoners, turned Queen's evidence, and gave some startling teetimony, going to show that the three men deliberately concocted a plan to horn the whole of the country near Hawkes- dale. Xheioesee of tiie various landowners, whose properties were burnt, sre 'ntimated" at over £10,000, and two of tbe men have been committed to take their trial, bail being refnaed. \ : Joyce was Bnbaeqaeotly anreted ,fe".1mw»etito;a&1k"5fe -probable, although he "has escaped on offe "charger he will not get off scot free. . Penshnrst Rack Meeting, — Accep tances for the Cap and Handicap Hurdle Race rhust .be , in -the hands of Mr. IL Foord, boo. secretary, by to-mortow. It ia ex-- pected, great care and judgment having been displayed in handioapping the horses, fthat the acoeptanoeawiR be ngmeropt. - The Lost Focnp.— We learn froqi Sergeant- Richards that Mrs. Eliza Martin, whose absence from her home ceoraff so mnph anxiety last woek,faas been fouhfi at Cole raine, to which place Bhe walked en Sunday, the lfith inst. fr -seems that, the poor women, whose mind wbhid appear to be wandering, dept ogt in the bosh on tire night «I the 17th inn., end -on the following -morns ingwent opto a house to ask for .drink of water. The Occupant of the place gave her eome tea, and recommended faer to a board- mg-honae' where ahe remained nntil her whereabouts was discovered by Sergeant Richards, who sent word for her to be sent beck to. Hamilton by /the "eqaoh " Jest night. It really does. appear strange that, notwith standing a full description of Mrs. Martin wasaentto allthe outatationa andpnblished in the Spectator, ahe shond sq loog have re mained Jfindiedovered by 'the poliee at Cole raine. A abont the t&riie; tifee it WaB reported jtiiet a person hynied Eliza Martin, ..who had fc«P found at $merald tiPgWarrSojppfdpnf,,. ANR pES.— It -r 7" ha BehesitoGricket appears that"; alter i, ; . " — m to Clnb trill not be -able to snnu a -. Hamilton this season, ' letter" having faeen received to that effect -yesterday. . Thia will be regretted, as good cricket can always be confidently looked ; forward tq wfiep thp 'Gipaiee? are to play.; : It has not ypt bpeo decided as. to whether the Hamilton ;.clnb "will he represehtedfahtbe match tofae played t Fmtlasd during the Eaater holidays with rheEaatMelfaonraeciub. .Sofoedbt exists, we believe, as te the nurribm "Haniilten wfii fa® allowed tomnd. team from the Western dUt9 run down to Camr J 8' match with the local chb j ttete holidays. Whether thia or not will depend players themselves. Tk for the Challenge Cnp iiTe tken r«ple io pnshr and now that Z k again, hopes are erpreffled t? F to practice, the 0,? make themselves aa fit M match which is to be on Saturday week ft to meet on' the groned , o'clock this afternoon foe Match Committee troat to Pjeaeat; the two addCj TT" and a The Weather — y«terj. tensley hot, and smoke of Cavendish, showed had, not unt an end aeaaoc The fire in qn«ti„ tent, and appeared be to Kanawalla eatete. ""» FINGER BrLLuM)s._It w-„ served by an annonncemeot L mg column, that the patrol f ol green cloth" are to ha of Witneaamg Mr. Herbert Hamilton. He is to dianlavi: skill on next Thursday aid FeVi' in the Victoria Hotel bflliard-lSB will give one or two of ouruSlfl,'B mrat onlimited number ot bably beat them. New Insolvents.— Ua solvents' schedules were filed at terday WUliam Contta, of keeper. Caoeea of inaolveecy : Tr"ok f?D?.f creditor8 t» be the Chief clerk, tt the Coort-W/CH ton, at half- past twelve rfclortrB fathMarch.— Official as ' YTT.T.tkrs AND Hettbsbi®. feara by telegram from our oooam Koroit that a requisition, askino Dwycrto allow himeeff to be opposition to the Hon. W. BiZtE representation of Villiers and being nnmeronsly mgood. An Important Sit.» gj Property is to be held 00 when the deoaolin and Kent-BndlH wiU be submitted to poblic coSfE Meesra. Bree, Dickens, and rooms, Gray street; Hamilton. The Apsley Handicap.-h, EH tary of tbe Apsley fiacmg QibhSH esy that in .the Handicap the George Frederick will hive tromfjH have been pnblisbed as git m of Yonng Sarawak Set 71b, ' . Hamilton Bapitst Ceekx-H fritoda and members of this' chmdaH minded that its anniversary ail bra ted in the Town Hall this ernnl tea and pnblic meeting. Humbugging PouncuM-iiH deal of food talk ia being indulge! it " stonewallera " abont the neoembd| belonging to one party or anotte. pendent member, one who will tolligenoe which has been given and jndge for himself, btnt caMH shunned by the electors Tten for a " Berry ite " if they wiih tosJH conntiy. Berry is the stannch never trackled to hia political This is what the stonewslkn meeting at Hawthorn on Frid<;insH G. F. Smith specifically assatid Graham Berry, when he fintnidstiH task of forming a Government, wu to betray his party and accept which might be given him, pnriUH| James MColloch wonld andertiht U hH Ministry, and of oonrse take Mr. BrnjuH a colleague. In my hearing," UiiH said, ''Mr. Berry offered to hagdiiidH thing over to MUnlloch if be vntH a Government," and it appears tint days the hon. gentleman literill; James, Mr. Macphersoo, and Mr. Pnrves from poet to pDn,ls| them to take charge of him and cause. Time aud again they Mr. Berry would not tike no for a nd it was not nntil Mr. him by going ont hooting, and had to almoBt rebnff him, that -in Bearch of Major Smith, llr.1H Mr. Lalor, and hin other The Telegraph adds When whom Mr. Berry has been ersH tradndng as the enemies of who'ara-exactly the same now ai when he was willing to inn witb nnder them — when they abedotd; peatedly refosed to have aoylhing him, Mr, Berry then told Mr. SnitiiH would form a Government eolely own party. Hie part; ehonld rrspsB obligation they are nnder totheh&fH; man for hie condescension intbinkiigtB claims when those of Sir Jsmee and his party had been toadied late colleagues shonld feel specially by the knowledge that he picked ont of the highways and hedgeadB life; after he had been ignomininq/H by thou whose political ehoe-Uteta|M willing to unbind or tie np. stated on Friday night, it is alndjra quite, certain that had Mr. Beny own way, or been able tocany<»B desires, not one of his late coIlegesH have handled a portfolio ; and been incessantly preaching ahou formed a democratic GorercmEnl, ' leader aod representative of tbe ctsier|ra Victoria." H Monstee Cabbage— Mr- on view at hie shop, Tbonw»»jB very large cabbage, obtained by m jB at tbe Belfast show, and grown byv/H It is grown from German seed-z-wra —and measnrea 48) inches in and 25 inches in diameter. 1" B 25 lbs. . ' The Crops.— Threshing u progress all over the district terton News of Satorday last), the larger crops have been Carmicbael has finished his ban»«!« his machine hu now proceeded other farmers. From what m wheat yield is abont ll.dw parcel of 500 bags of thia lot at 6s 2d, to be delivered at BeB Tim Belfast Podbd been gazetted. Tbe rates to to SB foUows .—Trespass on las® tillage land, enclosed by a snwnM For every sheep, Jd ; every go»t 'of cattle, Id. Upon tillage lM with a eubstantial feoce-i« '« Is : every goat, 10s ; every pjg head, of cattle, 6a. The d># feed -are as" follows Sheep, goats, Is ; pigs, 2a; every cattle, 2s each. Supply of Forage — w "B tenderii-for the supply of Sfytions in the W"®'"® accepted, vfl.:— Belfast, moral, T. Doyle end M. H»f holme, T. Best aod J. Anders®. -T. Leahy, P. Laorie and too, W. Rhodes sod W. G»»> H E. Hynes and T. Do/le.i Hynes ; Dnnkeld, E. Harm. Forester and J. McDonnell Thorne ; Harrow, W- G"8'. L ondH. Qomn; Hs-kesd® D. Cameron ; Hey wood, J. Powell; Mtissrthnr, G. S. J. Law ; Merino, W. fihod®. Grant; Penshurst, M. Grog an ; Portland, T. KelU-B H.ParkiuMD. boola," T. Clements snd H- » hnrst, W. Kennedy ; Horeb.ck " School Botldings.— W® T. Ci' RefhTrey aha S, ."oldE beeh accepted for the erect.® SUte . school and 9u,rte„,VwB f-r £320. Tbe fol 'WiDg tee® sst.'isfa sfflijffiE Dstuaoor, E. M aod for portable ou.- „ie newirriooo, ft®8". Kennedy, £119 dE row eacape from dro» ? reiJB iaane, rs now towards convaleepenw. IPf fropjtheepfeofe®' The particular, of the accident, Khi ru'- „re enable to supply before;' liieh Tbe that Mr. B.toman was standing Kut«»ri0rh one foot ou the gunwale, id bo»to<>fieb.Dg J.n6 Io the M >Ct Overbalanced himeelf, aed toppled Kfjrt ie je made exertions to reach Kt <be V,. 'beioe unable to ewim was an- »#b0iN and he was at leugth overcome Kggetd11'' d the quantity of water he Kti! lilwed " fortunately happened R&Sselby; waa fiahing at a spot n, to river, and was wending his wsy Kber np lb dust. On coming towards b»at he saw that it had no Br. presently shocked on see- 1 C«eotly lifeless bod, of Mr. Bate- ' f'Lnbl- floating near the surface ater foe extremitieB being totally mJ 1® V canUin Selby lost no time in Batemau into bia boat, although KrtWSf'f. to grief himself in the at- W recalling toward, his residence (Cl.f- tfP",, hailed his msoservant, whom he RmI- ,h,h. ton of the bank, and taking tbe W n boaul Captain Selby pulled down "fi, MGeon»n'8 boathouae, in preference W SriM to get toe sufferer up the prpi- "S to Clifton, which would have been of impossibdity to accomplish. On > do„n, Mr. Bateman waa being K-d Lording to the directions for reator- anuareetly drowned, which were Bilnown to Captain Selby, and these «re vigorously continued after gam- 5 ri! ptiore In the meantime medical B»S „ L was procured from Warrnambool, remaining for several houre in a mv>i » , Mr. Bateman regained con- a S Wednesday waa euffi- !a0f r ' vered to be removed to bia home. KflWeman states that ahortly before the lrideattolooked at his watch and it was I! -natter to six. The watch stopped at Iriaato to "X, end Mr. Bateman was iLrered in the water at twenty inmates ?Lbv Captain Selby, leaving the aa- IDt on teat he was immersed for nearly IkStohoor before efforts were commenced ltk'te<tore h to life- I AvfiJCiTioNS Approved. — Sec. 49 In-iLsl-B. A and J. S. Henderson, Lar- ISTk- P. Maloeey and P. Rodgers, iHinilton; VV. Fahey and F. H. Thmaa, Arthur ; T. Monshan, InppecUiar ; D. laqJaesand D. M'Evoy, Colerame. Sec. -0 Knots)-. WhZ:PP?. Kosf Sec. 20 (leases)— T. Watten, St. In i ff la/vih Brofed water ; J» OfltraiB IwM'Phee Digby'; B. Joel, Casterton ; J. lSn.&;C,011e, Yatmeroue j I t tLir Bochara; J. Mibos, sen., Lmlith. s.' Riches, Moutojnp; J. Pollock, le'es: J. Lyocb, T. M'Quillen, G. Smith, t Sheehv J. Hadlow, and 51. nogan, ILweUjit; W Liddle, Kewell West ; C. IrGrinoem n« Threat, Wemgar; XL I D wall Tnnc-Juog ; j. Powell, Asbens and iLeJuae j Mole, Dimboola; M. Gladi- I It Techs' East ; G. Pouting, Jeffcott ; s. I Sninlaw and H. Oakley, Tyrendarra ; T. I ton. Donmore ; R- Haydeu, NuUawarre j fl u Oolaban and James Hall, Laang ; R. I jilwood and W. Irvine, Nirranda. I The Fraxestok Murder. — The trial I „ William Hastings, on the chaige of mur- I doing bis wife at Frankston on tbe 1st of I TWtnber, was continued in the Central I Criminal Court on Friday. Eliza Hastings, I , girl about 16 years of age, the daoghter of otiMner, gave evidence that her father K brihri criminal intercourse with her eiuce as was nine years of age. Her mother I knew of it; bnt there had never been any I anamlling abont it in her presence. John I Baitings, son of the prisoner, a boy about 10 vein of age, gave evidence as to hie fre- I eoeotlj bleeding from the nose at night. A bomber of other witnesses were examin.d, in- I eluding Mr. Johnson, tbe analytical cbemiat, who said that be found traces of blood on an axe in tbe prisoner's hut, on some beards taken from the bnt, and on the I pruoner'e skirt. He would not say that the blood was human, but tbe indications the different spots presented were consistent with I their bring hnman blood. The evidence for theCrown was concluded, andMr. O'Logblen I baring summed up the case, the farther hear- E.ing was sdjennied. I Coal at Warrnambool. — Surely the I determined efforts that are being . made to I find coil in various parts of the aolony will H be crowned with success. We learn that a Jjpittbon from the Warrnambool Coal Axing Company waited upon the.Mitiister H of Mines on Friday, to request him to grant H tbem a sum of money to assist them in their sesrch for coal. Their shaft waa now down I 350ft, and they considered they had favour- able indications, and as tbe discovery of a payable coal seam might be looked upon as a national benefit; they considered the Govern- mart abonld give them some assistance. Mr. llfellan said that be conld not hold out any I promise of acceding to their request.. He' lad no funds at bis disposal for such a grant, aad tbe report relative to coal indications. I that he had received from Mr. Krauee, one of the surveyors of the department, was, I not to favourable as stated by the deputa- fon, fl Feecediba.— 320a in the county of fovan, parish of Peechembar, have been I withheld from sale, leasing, or licensing. - Open toe Selection. — The following : I licenses have been declared void, aud the land held under them will be open for. I selection at nine am. on Friday, tbe 9th.o March, viz. : — Margaret M'Ewen'a, 1S9& Or H 35p, Kirranda ; James Brown's, 160a, in the parishof Manna; F. M'Rae'e, 289a3r22p, inlallat; J. M'Fadgon's, 25a, Moutajup. Tempoeaey Reservations. — Hors- km, It 73 10p, as titu for ehire ball ; I 38.3-lGp, u site for public boildioge ; lr 31p, « «le for coart-houBe ; sod 2r 3 4i0pt as a H site for police purposes. i Coleeaece Cemetery. — The balance I lor tbe year 1876 has been gazetted. It ii u ioliowe Receipts, balance brought B lorward, £29 S 4d ; feea for graves, &c.;, B i35 i(B 6d ; total, £65 5s 10d. Kzpeoditare B — Si»riea, £1$ works and office expensee, B 7® 63 ; balance, £45 18a 4d; total expea B ditttre, £65 oa 10 J. B Bm Johk O'Shais absy. — It .seems B if ia being made to tDcLace Sir B stand for Kilmore inBtead B ol Bdlait A deputation from the former B wdj listing of Me8Bra. BoBseoce, Murray, nW, Crowley, Malooey, Wilson, and M£ay, waited on Sir Jobs O'Sba- B City Arms Hotel, Melbourne, B 00 < ny« and presented him with a nnmer B - infloentially signed reqoieition to B , " electorate of Kilmore and Ang- B fJ'vj j the eveilt f hi® cumiog forward usy Hedged themselvea to nee their utmost I tt4ttV011t8 to secure bis retain, urging that 1 B fjmeron8 promiees of support had been given penooB who bad not bad an opportunity I JhSP111® tton. Sir John thanked B- '®eP,,totio0l and reqoested them Ao retarn B "Rs thanks to the reqaisitloniste. I ihortly communicate his reply to them A hiiLWAV to the Border. —The' . enppliea the following with reference I In ordeTto ascertain the VW - Eu of the holder trade between I IwS? South Anetralia, and in vfow «f W nppning of the new line ot railway I /T, "vnoo'te to Kingston, Mr.. Tyler, I tSr1 cmi««oner of customs for' Vic- I — ' r"7 mct Mr. Lewie, collector of I Australia, at Narracoorte, I dJeinto,t'1.6 whole friatter of the bor- I riri.? duties. After inquiiy in, the thetotder.aodcarefnlaonriderav- I t 8rihmittpd to them, these SS ?? ?rr'7e4 at the conclusion that oo«AMtt,CLlnalheJtr<Lde o tbe two colonies I thsnfiim r doea not amount to zmoe : Rdna JSSJ'er,ulI,In« and this opinion they 1 Pnhtoed in a report to theii respective iiaSuu It is quite possible that there B "rill jr" 8>ng on, bnt it is very B bwsrw -C" y worth considering. It is,- B »lutwii'i ?-tB6!ble to foresee at /present B Pew tbe effect of the oneuiag of the B fiiLrZ < 'way from Nlrreioor'fo to I St dnri" trade,!, ut as a mattet B lea > s. jS he Present season there baa B l'mrrtn61?eral)le atDhrit of wool sent to B "U lith-H-6 e' thipment at Kingston,' whiph. I re" to Portl£"l fir ehip- B S hi "?! t? aiS- however, those" '"fshimnent's'1 elr P00' to" (Lngfton B Portlanri J70," thefr Itores B no) trad. , e ooly way to which the B tj tie J510,81 be retained by that port, B ' completion of the 'Victorian B ui B While' ib. ..""i 0u,"'a Australian border.' B fktopew in the Wimmera dis- B fell .h„ border cumplsin that the reel. I WBMk t6' "» o( "ores townships. If this be the Jagl ' IlTwiuTto' ;«eeo that the one balances "the other. Mr Tylers report is at present under the consid eration of the Government, and -in view ol the imssible transfer of the Wimmera trade across the border, oo doubt tone eariy aotion will be tak n to prevent such a losa to the colony." ' - The Late Major Bell's Estate His Honor Judge Moleeworth has deaded that a portion of the eskate'rif the late Major Bell, of Geelong, shall be sold off in order to enable the Government to nbtaio'theprobato duty. If an appeal has 'been xriade to the' Privy Council on the subject, as the trustees intimated their intention to do, it would appear that an indecent haste has been shown by the Government. - Had the estate consisted merely of moveable pro perty, the authorities might have had some gronnda for aptingsu: they have done bat it chiefly consists of landed estates which could not be smuggled '.out idf -the country, and therefore it -would have been better to await , the decision of the Privy Council. It was thought when a heavy pro- bate duty became the law of jtht land, that the coffers of the State would be mnoh en riched thereby, "bnt it is very probable many wealthy men will follow the example Bet by the late Mr. Ramsden, and by subdividing their property before their death, save their heirs tbe payment of a "heavy tax. 