£isifrkt Htfoa. Il'SWICH. (FROM OUIt OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Hope defcrrod, kc. ; but there is still a worse mishap thou that depicted iu this household - saying, . and hope - inspired, and then suddenly dashed from one's gaze is not likely to increahd the happiness of our; multi tudes. On Thursday a heavy thunderstorm broke over us during the afternoon, but it lasted butt a 'abort half-hour, au<4, although tho clouds hung about for some time, tho rainfall was ,n(f nund, and bitterness again seized our anxious .hcartp; But we arc pre paring for tho worst now, and if this fright ful drought still continues, arrangements will be made to rcliovo -the sufferings of those who ore closer to as. ' A coucert aud com bined' entertainment is in contemplation; and with the generous assistance promised from all quarters— notably, Toowoomba and .Daiby — wc may bo nblo to curry on life and save our fcllowmcn, evcu if wc cuunot do anything to savo their cattle or their crop. Tho bush-fires tbut have been so prevalent the pa?t few 1 days huvc disappeared, and a 'light, cool breeze has been blowing," and thp general appearance of the atmosphcrc.denotcs rain, but whether it is for us, or when it is coming, is only for the Almighty himself to determine. The day of humiliation aud prayer for rain, on Wednesday last, was very generally observed, all business establish ments, bonks, and nublic-bquHCS closed, and one local paper' did not print. .The united service in tbe School of Arts, at 12 o'clock, was crammed, and everybody who could possibly- bo expected, seemed to bo there. Another cose of supposed infanticido has roused the feeling of the town, nnd there has been much serious deliberation as to how this apparently incrcoiung evil is, to some extent, to be stopped. Barents require to look more carefully niter their uauguters, employes utter tiieir servants, and youug people look more carefully after themselves. . Tho last cusc was that of the body of a newborn infant, found on Saturday morning last under thcboanUug of tbe kitcucn, and in this instance a servant, who has been in the house, is again sus pected. A capital cntertainuieut was givcu here on Thursday evening by our» local talent, when Mr. Sturgess received a complimentary bene fit. The Perseverance band, Captain Townley, P.M., and tbo elocution class helped to form a very agreeable programme, whilo Mr. .titurgcqs, himself a host, delighted the audicacc by bis various impersonations, Drink, the root of all evil' which money can't account for, has been the ruin of a young commercial traveller of respectable connections. While in n semi-state of stupor from driuk, ho entered tho bedroom of the landlady of the Bchool .of Arts Hotel, and took away soma jewellery, and subsequently returned witli it in his hauds, when he - was given into custody. ' Tho Bench' did not like to toko tho responsibility of acquitting him, so tho uufortuiuito , man awaits. bis trial at the District Court, on the 11th.- A sad drowning accident occurred at Eleven-Mile Creek,. ou Sunday last, to a boy named Frederick Bath. He outcried a water- hole to bathe, niid immediately lost his foot ing, and, being unable to swim, was drowned. Two youngsters with him did all. they .could to wive him, but not 'one of the party could swim, and the sticks, extended to the drowu- ing boy failed to accomplish his salvation! .There, has been some little cxcitcmeut over the revision of our electoral lLts, and the magistrates have been comixfilcd' to erase a ' considerable number from the supplementary lists. 3Ir. P. O'Sullivan and the Observer have had a little passage of arms, but a letter from tbe former in tho, Time this morning warns me to be cautious, or I may receive the same trcAtuient as extended to the " Cockney scribbler " in the Charier., Wo admire your pluck in playiug tho com bined team, and wish that we could persuade oar utblctlc youths to try the some sort of game, but there is no enterprise here. Our waterworks will soon bo erected, aud the pipes are uow within a few hundred yard# of town ; it will therefore not be in appropriate to wish your readers aurceerooir. November 17th, 1877. 