the Goveniment are now rommitted to s Eorious coDtest against the brate force of edfiebnees and obetractioD ffiid we trost tbe Liberal party viqll close op their ranks, and make np tbr minds to support Mr Bebbt and his oolleagaea throngh the Btmggle, no matter what the consequences may be, or wh expedients (he nistry may find it necessary to adopt to defeat their ' opponents. In a dispute of .this .kind there is no haltiog half way. Ko qmbbUng over minor points would be worihy of the party, or be anything dee tban a troel return for the great efforts whidi. the Mmletry are putting fordi to siecnre a markiBd and enduring triamph to the Liberal cause,: wfaidi is tbe cause of the people. .This batde must be fought out until dl thai' Is sought is: wrong from the opponents of the working classes — until obstmc- tionists of all grades concede that the kind of government which Englishmen enjoy in the motherMuntry shdl pre- vali here — until ft is admowledged on all sides that the popdlar.' -will' Ddust always be respected by both TTmiana lf Parliament, and onlil such an outrageoos act 88 the rejection of an annnd Appropria tion Bilt shaU beconje an utter, impossiffli in the future. Mr BEBBFand Iub coUeagnes when demanding that these .(Hivhegn be enjoyed and exercised in (his colony, ask for nothing more than legidation has conveyed. Iey only -atA that tte OonstitotiMi Act ehl be rapecfesd. They (dace DO fandful interpretatibn .iipon \tim statute; They urge no tteoiy which Ims not been freely dooed bore, and wliich is nift 'tfa(iron;tyte)l .ibifeyefi caeoally or tdosely rard .Afl they contmid for ''is that the views of the As- sembly shall command due respect in the Coundl, when legitiihately expres and pub- fidy supported, and that any attempt made by an irrespoDMbte Chamber to cheti legis lation, thns framed, shall meet with Its dne reward in . strqi, united, and successful resistance. There is no other way by vriiich tbe public voice can have that potency wbi ft should always command wheiB dmnocratic fn'stitotioitB prevml; and not an atom of these conditions can- be yielded to the obstructive element amongst ns, witiibdt fhe'(>6vvfef of the pebpie being serionsiy crippled, if not abeolotdy defeated.' Is' it "too much, then, to ask the Xstieral partyrfo close up their ranks, aud warmly support a Ministry which is fighting for these reasonable ends, arid to make up their minds that no jndidous effort, need to make tile people's will respected — not by one Chamber, bnt by both SLonses — shall fail for want of outside and strenuous assistance ? We think not; and this is the reason why we remind the Liberal psuty of tbe re sponsibilities which devolveupon them at this critical jancture. Tbe enemies of the people are too ingenious and active not to require the most vigilant watching and the most nntiring- opposition. They never stick at trifles ; and are Jnst asrfeady to in sult the people, hound down a neaU'al Governor, or do anythiug else of a highly offeuffive and atrodouB character, as.lhey are to lie broadcast, in order, if possible, to achieve tbmr detigns. Kothing comes amiss to tbem;. in these respects,. all experience goes to show ; and the greater the necessity, from their point of view, the more freely will misrepresenta tion be indnlged in, and the more cnnnuigly will it be detigned. Tbe people have, therefore, a powerfnl entity to deal with. The Ministry have no child's play before them to bring these obstructionists into snbjeetion. Hence the necessity of the Liberal >arty casting aside all mere minor differences which events may evoke, and coDcentraUDg all thw eSorDs and all their power, upon the one point, so as to enable the MuisUy to - realise . th patriotic 'and justifiable purpose. What has precipitated the country into this straggle ? Tbe reply lies In a nutshell. Not merely to obtain payment of members, as is so freely alleged, for the sake of the money resnlts it involves. We fonld men tion several members on the Gkivernment side of tbe Assembly who would at once forego payment if they thought the (leople would be benefited by its discoutiDuaDce. The straggle is embarked in, firstly, to maintain die (nivileges of the Assembly against the pestilent and habitual encroach ments which have been made upon them by the Goimcil, aided and abett by their outside supporters; secondly, to compel tbe Connr to respect public opinion ; thirdly, to resist a desperate endeavor made to oast the present Ministry frmn office, because they are doing good work for the whole cpmmonity, instead of only look ing after the tnleteata ttf the sdfish few ; fourthly, to bring the Gouncil down from .the onoonstitutional atiitade It hasAssomed by rejecting the Appropriation B'lil; and, fifthly, fcecause the great majority of tiiat House believe, and rightly beve so, too, timt if payment of members should be lost, the streugih of democracy in the repieeen- tation would be serioasly curtailed, if not, for all practical purposes, destroyed ; and the whole power of the State wodid in that case to handed over to, and become monopolised by, the Gonsa- tire party. These are the causes of the present straggle, noit the selfish reason so freely and so fonlly ascribed to tbe Ministry and thdr supporters by thw opponents; and the Liberal party cannot fml to respect representatives who are fight ing BO gallauiJy for these ends, no matter what the other side may speak or write, assert, or aigoe, on the contrary side of tbe eobject. Let the liberal party, then, 'determine as one man to support tiie Ministry, persistentiy, warmly, and vigor- ootiy, tiirongfa this contest. liet them give the Miiuetiy to nnderstand that ttoy are so ardently with them that no compromise, which would tend in the slightest degree to weaken the power of the people, and the privileges of the Assembly, will induce them to relax this support — or, for that matter, be endorsed by them for a moment. 'The fight will proba'iJy to serious and protracted. There is no (diild's play in dispntee of this description. But e struggle is one for a great priuciple, which the best intereste of tbe people cannot allow to be destroyed, to suit tbe schemes of a selfish and un- scrapulous clique, and if sacrificed — if not boldly maiutmued against all disputants — wonid in the course of a abort time com pletely aunibilate the balance of power in tbe Legislative Assembly, which is now possessed by tbe Liberal party. Nothing of this ffind, however, should be allowed to take place. Nor will anything of this description happen, if the people are only true to themselves, and warmly support Mr Beeey and bis coUeagnes in all the efi'orts which they design and utilise to realise their objicts. The first note of preparation for the greatest eoclesiasticai reform which Eng- Und h.is undergone for three hundred years baa been sounded by Lord HaETINGTON, in a recent speech at Edinburgh. It is true that tbe leader of the Liberal party was very guarded in his exprossioue, and did not go quite the length of declaring that he himself is in favor of the sweeping measure of disestablishing the Church of Englaud. Bnt he said enongb to indicate that dis- eslAblishmeut is.heuoefortb to be b pluuk in the platform of the Liberal party at home. As tbe Times acniely remarked, ' the direc tion in which a leader points la geiierally of far more cineequeuce than ifae position which he may occupy at a given moment." -It -is,- iu fact, the business of a prdiiica! leader first to point out, aud then to lead the way to his followers. And, in the. case before us, .the barest hint of the possilHlity of a revolution in ecclesiasliisil affairs being "oiLihe cards ".is-'sufficieDtJioSet All Eng land no tbe alert. Lord Habtington very, torhfnlly disavowed In his speech any .inten tion of stimulating agitatir .h on tbe question ; he merely threw out tbe bint that eoch might tiecome in time the policy of tbe Liberal party. But his words were watched mid weighed by tentbonsand interested lis- teuers ; and the' very foHest value was as- aigned to them in adl qnafters. The Times pins his lordship to his meaniug, not to bis' very expressions, declarea he means it and. cannot get ont it, and will by no means : allow him to ride off with a jannty dis avowal of any .nerions -fiitentioii. A man who means nothing- should say nothing; and, from a political leader, suggestions have the force of direct iostracdons. Hience, aignes 'the leading , jonrnti, it mnst be looker opon as a settito thing that the dis- estshlisbment qneation must beoome a pro minent, if not tile most promioent tojnc, in English domestic politics ; and, it arlds, "little lees than a sodal convnlsion is eet in motion." There are tronblee chead, then, for our fellow cpuntifymen at home. : The old -cry of the " CfauFch in danger" is already brag rigsed in ecdasticidqaartera. aerica! drnW ato to fregt the call to arms. The agitation has already commenced. Lord EABTiNaTON's few words '-'"have had the effect of rousing the wfade nation to attention, if not to universal - action. Disestablishing Is in the and tbe foreshadowings ;of the coming -event are -tdready. fMIingTBarMy- across the nation's pathway, Tp'ros Anse tralians, whose lolitical education ftas beto BO long finished, the actual occurrence of tbe event, when ft comes, will not canse much -snrprise, nora great deal -iff "regret: -We have reatised it In om ownneieriepoe years ago. We know well that a frto ccuin may dispense with theheavy'torden hi a 6oStIy, church estaiilishment, and -t to all thei totter for the 'relief. We have also learned that Dational establishments of religion are a very different thing from religion itself ; and that, instead of being aids and helps to the spiritual growth of a people, (hey may be Impediments and hindrances.' For religion does not consist in costly and complex church establishments, nor is the spirituti life of a community necessarily bound up with tbe existence of a lordly hierarchy, a vast retinue of priests and deacons, and a legal system of taxation. Beligion may to quite real, and veiy effective in its action on tbe fives of men, without anyhf these adjuncts at all. Inaword, achurchestablisfamentand. pure and undefiled Chiutianity, are two totally different th'ings. - Thertfore, . even the disestablishment of a national' church may be viewed by a. Christian man without' any feelings of alarm or apprehension ; and aU.:the more so when he knows that sach< an establisfamentia, after little more than: a hnge yioUtiealjBoginA Bejxipd all ques-> tioD, tbe Church of . Englaud has been sucb for the last three centuries—rever since its: fonnd'ation, in f8ct4 and , there have been times in its faistoiy when it proved itself to to a very serions obstacle to the advance ment of the nation, in both freedom and' knowledge. It has lived Its full term. The' time for a change has come at last, and the venerable establishment mnst even set its honse In order. It is not Lord Habtington and the Literal party alone that are against it ; the destinies are against ft. The spirit ot the age is against it. Church establtshments are institationB fitted only to tbe nonage of a naUon; by-and-by tbe cnmmanity ontgrowe the necessity for them. And it mnst be added that there is not the least connection between the pro posal for disestablishment and ' that spreading scepticism of which we hear so mnch in these times. The two things have no relation. It is a political qnestion merely. Lord Haetikgton treats it as a political question solely, and so also does tbe Times, Iu that light alone let it to viewed, and it will to very easy to foretell the issue of the coming straggle in the old countiy. That issue will be the fall of the Chnith estabfiehmeDt.in England, as that in Ireland has fallen, and as every eccle siastical establishmeht in Cbristondom is bound to pass into . otter oUivion in the future. OurcaUe tdegnm-sonaiinoeB tfaii moraing the deuH of 'Victor Emminoel, Etug 'of Italy. The heir to tiie thniae ia Frtnce Humbert, Dolm of Piedmont, tlilrty-three years of age. Owing to He state of hie health just near. He Minister of EducatioD has gone for a, few daja to Lontit Bay, and will proceed from that watering place to Mtibonrne oext Tuesday. It Is rumored that an enqiloyee of a local soft- < goods firm, who was well known in Ballarat, has absconded, leaviiig bdund him forged promissory notes, on wbidifae had raised money to the extent of at least £150. The discoreiy was made when one of He notes was presented for payment, upon which the person whose signatnte it pniported to bear at once declared it to be a foigeiy. A visit was then paid to the dwelling of the absconder, bnt it was found that he had flown. Tbe amonnts ad vanced on the forged notes varied from £50 to £10. We understand that warrants have been Issued for his arrest. The fires in the Haddon district dnring He past -few days have exceeded anything of the kind that has occurred Here for aevetal years. On the 5H, an empty hut, near Mrs Twiss' farm, was burnt down, and a great deal of the grass in the nel- borhood was swept away. The fire was suyed by He exions of .the letidente, and all appeared safe until Tnesday, on whiiH day Mr John Hayes (oftiie filatik'HiU'liold and JfrarohnJouea' (of Cardigan) rode ont to see if there was any likeli hood of the fireetaning again, and, while Hey were looking round, some sparks from a bntmng log weie canied by a strong west wind on to He groond that escaped on Saturday. The two gentlemra named made all haste to give the alarm to He aeveral fanners whose homes lay in tbe track of He winl, and it is probable Htir timtiy warning saved some three or lour homesteads from destrnction. The new State stiiool at tbe Black Will harrowly escaped. The fire reached so near Hat some of lite fence at the teacher's dwelling was bnrnt, and but for the timely aid of some men from the Tluiik Lead claim, ail the buildings most have gone. On Wednesday Mr Cockrane and hie son James, in company with Mr Baes, went with a water- cart and extinoxshed any IraniiDg log6'tliey''0Bw un tbe south maigm uf the burat ground tu pre vent the north vioi, whiidi was then blowing, from carrying the fire on to the ground which escaped before. -The hut referred to is supposed to have been set on fire. by some one sleeping iu it au'i leaving a fire there: About 400 acres of the 'grass in one of He Nintingbool paddocks was burned on Wednes day and Thnrsday ; and Mr Steffen hardy saved about £200 worth of firewood which he has cut and stacked, and which must have gone but for the brave exertions of bimsdf and somentighbors. Mr E. li. Lock nearly lost his dwdling on Thurs- dry. ft-.r tbe second time in four days. Bnt assis tance reached him, and tenminutto' delay would have proved useless. Mr Hayes must be at some loss by the amount of drink di-pensed by liim, and the same remark will hold good rettarding Mesan Lck an'1 Sl.'ffen. In the Black Hill district a cond deal of feninng has been burned. Mrs Patrick Gilday. Mr Eiely, Mr Meagher, and Mr Charles Blair area ui cng the sufferers. There has been a destructive fire at Cherty-tree Flat, by which Mr Tudor has been a sufferer. Most of onr readers will be surprised to learn that a epeiaal train has been run from Ballarat West to Ballsrat East, after tlie arrival of He ex press train in the evemng. The concession of the Conimissioner ot Railways in this respect, how ever, does tmt appear to have been taken much advantage of, for. from what transpired at the raeetinc of the Town Council last night, two councillors did avail ihemselves of the privil on one occasiitn ; and thereis a rraditlon tUso, that an old lady was forwanled back to the East on an eneine. Otherwise the advantsges that Ballarat East seems to enjoy do not appear to hare been greatly appreciated. Couucillor Robtvison jocu larly prapo9:-d a Tote of thanks to the Ciimmis- sioner. but the vote was not canied. It was de cided, however, that the idaims of Ballarat East to have He - express train stop Here should be farther -ued. A report of He proceedings of tlie couDcul will be' found in another cffinmn- At tlie CTty Police Court, yesterday, two youiig men, named hiichael and James' Eyona, were diarged with threatening behavior, arising out of He resent affair of sting-np a coach on the Haddon road. Tbe evidmice of several witnesses showed Hat He two defendwitB were not coaeerned in the affair; but at the game time itgaveastrong clue as to who the offendii parties were. TTie case, uuder the dretuustaiioea, was dismissed. A meeUng of tbe local board of healH was iidd after the ordinary mcetine of tlie Town Council, last night. The report of the euperintsnding in spector to the Central Board of SealH, and the ranirary state of Ballarat East, was referred to the iospeetor .of xnilsaneea for report. Areimrt'by He local inspector was referred to the works com mittee for report. Oo tiie 'motion of CourutiUor Scott, seconded by Canntillor Josephs, a vote of thanks was tender to Mr. W. H. Gaunt for He aid (le bad lent the board. 'The meetiug Heu tenmnated. We are asked to pulilish (be following corres pondence : — " Glradarnel State School, No. 261, 26H December, 18T7. Sir, — lu response to a circular dated 15H October, ht re BgUarat Indian Famine Fund, I forwarded to yon, oh the 23rd October, a foMt olBce order, ndoe £2 2s lid. the amnunt eubscri at this tcbool for Hat olject. As I have received neither a pnlflic nor private acknowledgment for He lecdpt of that amoont, yon would olJige the subscribers by having the ve<«ipt puUisfaed tbroogb tbe usual channel; the Ballarat preas. Your obedient gevvant, M. W. H. . teatr- J., wseublum, .Bag." Dopy. Mknlb.,, The .copttihcgion mentioned waa duly bimdcd in by Slr'BDBenmum, and imilDded by me in list for publication. E omitted (?, He faaltisHatof my clerk. As tbe whols mattrt is npdo-iaod there being no funds for adv ti, tinajatost be taken as a snffirienb ackiiot legment.-;. Fekst, bom-aecrefory." nie andyersary termona of tbe Lydiard Street Weyan ISahbaH-Stiioifl. will be preached to- morrow. The aomon to tbe ewening ,, will be prestcfaed by the Bev, Gervase Smith, D.C..' The lovl geodraan hak bren oHwinted'hy the .Xiiitieh Conference aa its repiesentaUve to the general con- ference of the Wesleyan MeHodist -chnrcbes - in Australia and New Zedand, VEbich will meet in Bydngydn HsyaieKt. Or- Sidtli da-toe'tiiiid ve presentatire from tbe Btitiih Wesleyan Conference whohas vjnted Aiutralia; liis predecessors luving been He Bev. Robert Tonng imd tto &y.; Dr Jobson- BoH of these mioisters were itiecteS prie- aidenta of the Irtish Confecenoe after Htir return from He oolonies toEogla but Dr Smith vras .decfed president of tbeBridsh Confereucetwonr three years ago, and ao baa He honor of bdngJlhe first ex ptesidentnf the English conference wlm has tisited Australia. Dr.' Smith has -He reputa- > lion of bdng one of the best pulpit orators of He Wesleyan Methodist Church; - This will be the only occasion on which Dr Smith will preach in Ballarat. As a party of ladies and gentlemen were enjoy ing themselves on Lake 'WcDdource last evemng. a perch, weighing about lb, leaped from the water into the boat, much to the ascuniahment of He fair passengers. The Qty Coundl, in our advertising columns this morning, cautions persons against lighting fires in tbe open air, within the cit'. witliout giving due notice Hereof to He town clerk. The peuaity for uon- complianoe with His rulers £5.. We are asked to direct attention to Mr Baby's advertisement, which appears in another column: The-racaiicy created by the appointment of "Mr J. Russell to the Cambrian BiU school is to be filled by Mr L Whyte, siho up toe end of last year held the' position of head teacKw of the capi tation .|cbobi, iallarat Rssi - W understand that Mr "Wlte gqes to Naptdwi aiH.a gp.taal. salaiyj equM. to wimt. Jhe was fbopq in : tooeipt, and jhat he is to. bold eucfa pmnlmenC only -'oi W suitable vacancy occiurs. s . > The monthly meetiug of the Ballarat District Sunday Schod 'Upiqh will be held in the rooms, Cajup' street, " next Monday evening, at e;ht o'do A mreting of master bakers and thtir employees will be held at Wbitehoiue's -Union hotel. His evening, at half-past eight, to arrange for tbe annual piciuc. The City Council invites tenders His morning, Hrougb onr advertising culnmns, for leasing the 'stalls in the Botamc Gardens for the ensuing' 'year ... We have reosived ; copies of " Tbe Weekly Welcome " from Mr Birtchnell, the Ballarat agent fortius London publication.- ' This serial contains an abundance of varied and interesting reading matter, interieaved with pieces of -music, and is copioutiy supplied wiH iiltistrationa. " Tbe Weekly Welcome" deserves to be extensively patronised and studiously read. '. A public meeting will be held at He shire hall, Linton, next Monday evening; at eight -o'clock, to receive the auditors' rep-jrt and brtance-sheet sheet tor 1877 of the Springdallah and Linton Relief Fund. A committee for 1878 will be ap- pcnnted He sanie evemng. A foiu'-oar rowing match has . been arranged . between Messrs Lonie and Dintfie's foundry eni- ployees and 0. Brown's GrenviUe foundry, for a trophy: The foUowtng will represent Lonie and Dingle's: — Messrs Graham, 1; Sneddon, 2; Houie, 3 ; and Stratton, Stroke. C. Browns em ployees Hocking, 1; Young, 2; Moyler, 3; Barnett, stroke. Wb are compelled to bold over a number of lettms until Monday. \- Tbe Bev. E. H. Du Bois will condnct the servioes in St. Paul's Church for a few Simday s, duriiig He absence of the Bev. B. T. .Cummins. Mr Du Bois win pteatii to-rnarrow, boH uiarning and eveniitg. It wlU be seen by oiu: advertismg cdlamns that MrShoppee, of Sturt street, bos added He auc tioneering business u the glaiss and crockery trade, in wfaidi he has been so long engaged. The Geelong correspondent of He Age writes : — " Now that He surprise coosequeat on He action He Government on Tuesday last, has been got over, people who at He first impulse were msde to believe that the revolution bad begun, are be- ginuing to admit that He Government have com menced a reform in the civQ service which has long been wanted, and which every previous Ad- mioiitration had eystematicsUy neglected to carry ont." The detectives (says He Hendd) arestiUas- ndnonsly engaged in searching for the missing child of Mr Potts, of Brunswick street. Fitzroy, but wiHouc having as yet discovere-i any definite clue to the same. Application (says the Argus) was made 1 y re- preseniativea of He district of Buongor on Tuesday to the Minister of Lands to pUce He Bningm forest nuder He management of the localbody. Mr Loimorestoied that the manage ment -of atate fotests by local bodies had utterly failed, and he was indisposed to hand over He Bnangor forest. He undertook, howevier, to Inqaire iuto the daim of the dutation bdore be gave a fiiul answer to the request. On the subject He local management of fnteats, Mrlamgmore's istatement was mtoe wiH distinctness. A mroting of He connml of the National orm and Protection League was held (saye the Age) at He Befprm C3nb boud on Tbnnday night; Mr Fisher, vice-president, occupying the chair. The proceedings were of a private nature, but it ttaua- pired that resolutions were unanimously passed upholding the Government in their efforts to re duce the State expenditure. A joU committee was appointed to take into consideratioD He recent attempt to disfranchise a number of He electors of West Melbourne, and it was .resalved to hold a monster public mreting in Melboarne, to atreogtbeo the hands of the Government, as soon as possible after He Chief Secretary's address to He dectora of Geelong. The correspondent uf .He telegraph at Warran ty te writes : — ' A bush-fire of consideiable extent occurred here on Weditesday, . destroyiog He pasture over several hundred acres. It waa caused by the careles. ness sf a .fishing party from Md- tuurne, which waa biit for ei.joymeni on the banks of He Varra, having some good spurt amongst tbe 31 array cod, which are at His season numerous. Baring lit a fire alongside an old decayed tree, no care was taken to prevent it from spreading. A fierce norH wind set in at He time, which quickly eent the flames over the country, pxtending to the Diorite-hlines, causing a loss to the Orown claim of some £50 at least. Tbe storeroom, which coatained a lot uf tools, candles, and men's ddtlilng, was destroyed; the biacksmtth's shop followed, and the only thing saved was the bellows. Tire fire did not stop at Hat, for next followed a shaft over which was erected a bark roof. The logging cauglit fire, destroying windlass, tope, ladders, and tije titubering down foelow; tbe miners faa-ving a narrow escape from being roasted <» suffocated Fortunately, however, none were seriously injured. The fire extended rapidly to the Hope m:ue, which would have shared a similar fate but for the timely aid of the men who had just been burned out, who, under ihe direction of Trooper Grubb, succeeded in stopping the flames in this direction. .AH this loss was occaaiob'ed by the culpable nligenceof Hcugfatlees young men from town." A private letter fsays the fferaU) from Texas (U.S.)'adrise8 Hat- " He weli- fcnown comedian and niinstrel performer, Mr Harry Kelly, has gone mad. In the early part of November' lost he was trwd iMdore a judge and jury, found of unsound miud, and remitted to tbe state lunatic asylum." Tie letter goes on to say : — " It is believed h.e has a wife and a child in eithre Melbourne or Sydney, bis conversafion at timea wba in- bis rational senses leading h'ls acquaintances so to beve." An attemptatsuidde bydrowuingwasmadeCsays' He Triegrapli) on Tbnredap-aftensoon, near Bran- der's Ferry, by a young woman,re8pedtabIy dressed in black, -whose name did not transpire. Messrs Coivilleand Barlow, two membera ,of jthe Civil Service Bowing Qub, while eculling past He spot named, had Hrir attention directed to ifaegiti, who was etruggUng in tbe water. When polled out of the river she appeared hysterical, and loudly en treated tbe bystanders to .< let her die." She was. haiid over to the custody of a person represent ing himself to tie a poltceman in plain dolhes. Early -on Thoraday ntoraing (says the Age) the dead body of a man waa fonnd on He Brighton beach, about a qnarter of a mile from He railway station ; end as a bottle lahdl " poison," "wbidi hsd evidently contained prnssic add, was fobnd in his pocket, there can be bnt little donbit that he committed suitddA The remains are described as those of e nun about twenty-seven yeaa of age. Jly the side of the body was a amal! tin cup. Tbe deceased has been recognised as a man who caUed at Mr GriinUey'a rdreebment bar -on the previous evening and had a nobbier of brandy, but no fur- Iher clue to him has at present been obtained. Tbe rfrpiu Is infornied Hat a' stotemdit recently ninde, that the Government are dissatisSed with: the land- Ux dassiSos, is incorrect. It is Hougbt Hat the awards have been a little under the marie - in some cases, but the commissioners have power to send oHer riastiflers if Hey are ot>t satisfied with the return's, and it Is considered that on the whole the work has been done pretty fairly. According to tbe Pkasgst Creek Seies, the ther mometer registaed IIU deg. in' the shade In fihaweu on -Thnrsday.ancrin the Stawell -Grammar school it rose to 120 deg. Rumontwere circnlated He same day thpt three otohad beeo burnt to death by a bush-fire at He trampiaus- On enqm'iy it was fonnd tliat Here was no troth wbalerer in the report. What may have given rise to the statement is He fact that He residesoe' of Mr Copeley, who is living, near the ran wais destroyed by fire, but no lives -were lost. - A-ma in endeavoring to pat ont -He flamea:iiear ins homestead in He same viciiu, strayed raHerteO near the fire, and his horse's taSi-was sin;. No donbt this may also have had sqinetitung to do wUb He reports about caldned reihsbis,. Ac. , The Telegraph is requested to state Hat op com munication whatever biu taken place between the . South . AiutraHan . Goyecnment and Mz . Byron Miidre. The idrahas never entered Mr Moore's mind of sedring service Here or elsewhere. On Wednesday Hr Moore met a member of the South Australian MiniBtiy -who -ds-at- present in Mel-: bourne, and atrooy-recommfudad for employ ment. some .'of liiB_ fri'w_efficega who Jmd been dismissed, and who were desirons of immediate appointments. It is probable that this is He batis for He report in reference to Mr Moore himself. The Governor (says the Age), when on his way to He Portland railway criebration, broke tbe journey at Ararat, where he waa entetrtained at a midnight banqnet. Tbe mayor of tbe town, wlio presided, proposed tbe beoIH o_f Sir George Bowen, expressing He satisfactiob whiefa it gave him to welcmme his Excellency on bt-half of the inhtbi- ; I ants of Hat district. The Governor, who seemed much pleased wiH He hospitality of his enter tainers, returned thanks in a humorous speech, re marking that he bad atieu-ied many fesiive; gatherings, bnt that this was He first eccasion on; which he had bgen invited to a midnight banquet. The idea of holding a banquet at that buur origi nated wiH Mr Gannson, M.L.A., and several of the leading inhabitants of the to'wn. A correepondent of the Argus at Sorrento writes xinHedih instant: — "Isrish to bring imder the noti-s of He public an act of braveiy performed last evening by a young .gentleman named Oscar: Datjd, a.Swiss.by bir'.h, and a stnngec in Hesa parts. ' Three ytg girls-went out .to b'athe at the -mouih'of what'is knotrn' as 'the Limeki.lii eek,; about a mDe briow He Sonedto bathS;An the"wayi Oneof them rot bnt of faerfiepth.'and tiie other i,wq, pamp-sicuen, could rroder -no as-; sisiance. The young gentlemao in question seeiug.' from the tdifi the danger He girl was in, rushed to tbe re.>icae, and 'plnuging into He sea succeeded in brining her ont in an nncousiuous statA The. \- dangers to tbe rescuer were of a'twofoid nature. First, He tide was at half ebb, and a veiy strong tideway runs In Hat locality at suih times, and He second danger was from -He sharks, nnmbersuf these creatures baviog recently, been seen in tbe neighborhood." , A public meeting (says the Aye) jn rrference to' the crisis is to be held -at Ararat on Friday, He 18tlr inSt»iit,'whcn He member for thedrstri. t, Mr Gatmaou, aitd other members of the Aesembly, are expected to speak. On Wednesday evening (eays the Crestcick Advertiser), the town was enveloped in smoke from He bush-fires raging in the ranges to He Aiuth of the Ballarat road. We have heard of several dwellings wtiich narrowly escaped bnrning, but so far the damage has been confined to He loss of grass and a few fences. A shocking accident (says He Telegrapli) occurred at Wedderburn on Thursday, reeiilting in the deaH of two women named Eliza Allen, daughter of a farmer, and Mrs Levey, a selector. They had driven into a dam to irater He horse, when the vehicle capsize 1, plunging them iuto deep water, Trhere Hey were drowned. Rumor has it (says tbe Meayboroagi Advertiser) that on Monday next all lines of railway that are not paying fully, are to be dosed to traffic ; thsit a large percentage of He poiioe will be dismissed, and Hat a number of officers in the dvil sarsioe at Maryborough will also be sent to He right about The Hon. John Woods, (ktmmissioner of Bail- ways, octximpanled by Mr Anderson, He traffic manage, came from Ballarat (eaya the Gedoug Advertiser) by the midday train on Tharaday, and at once held an enqniiy into the tniiae of the coilieion on He railway line, which took place on Wednesday evening. The Commisrioner and Mr Anderaon left for Helboiune by spetud train in He afternoon. It was fonnd on Thursday merning that Mr Boss, tbe mail guard vrfao was injured by the txiUition. was too ill to take charge of tbe mail -van from Ballarat, and bis place bad to be filled by two officiala -from He Ballarat Post OffiCA A shoeing calamity (says He Talbot Leader) occurred at Kangaroo Flat on Wedoesday, by which a woman named Peterson, long resident in He lacality, waa so severely burnt as to n»olt in her death, at He Amherst Hospital, the next day. A most shameful act of cruelty (eays He Gte- Img Adctrtiter) was perpetrated on Tuesday night, on a form sitiuted on He Drysdale road, near KcnsingtoA Early tm Wednesday mormng a farmer named Burgess discovered that two of bis horses bad been stabbed wiH a pitchfork, one being wounded on He baric, and the oHer on the legs. After tins had been done a strong dividing fence was opened, and the horses were let into a paddock where some tiueshing bad just been imm- pleted — He men, whoever they were, evideutly hoping Hat the animals wonld get at some of the corn. This the hones could not do, however, u He resnlt of the tiayh woik had been sown np in bags. Mr Burgess has his snspitainu wiH' refo- rence to .who the poaons ore Hat have done ium so mncli injnry, so that.lt is to be hopedthe police win be able tp Wng the offenders to josticA . Thekeatbli-'RediiesdayandThiU'sdayat Mary borough was intense. The Hecmometer (says the Advertiser) recorded on Wednesday 110 d. in He shade, and 130 deg. in the sun. On Tbiusday it registrted 112 in the shade, and 132 in He sun. A tradt of firewtxtd, in course of conveyance by the first train on Tuesday from Maryborough to "ralbot, caught fire (says the Maryborough Adver tiser) from a spark from the engiuA and was in imminent danger of being destroyed. The igni tion of tbe truck was discovered and tbe train was stopped at Emu, when He driver and assistant secured some water in buckets from He engine; aud put He fire out. It would be useless (remarks He Castlemaine Jiepreseniatire) to shut one's eyes to the fact, even if one desired it, that tbe action taken by Mr Berry in reference to the sudden reduciiun of the civil service list has not only met wiH tcquies- ceace, but the downright approbatinn of those who are ossentialiy distingnisbed as " He people." It is untvcreally said among ihem tiiat Mr Berry hss begun at the right end. Mr Berry does not -bin with the pour man, as Sir James M'Culiocb did, but be has sent to He right-about a lot of those frilows who lived on tbe fat of the land." The same sentiments, in other svotds, may be heard at almost every street corner, and the cotip d'etat has met wiih popular appiansA A number of He retidents at Emerald Hill, in terested in the maintenance of a good supply of Wats- in Albert Park IskA waited on He Minister of Lands (saj sHe Argus) on Thursday, to ask thaf- the pumps on He bank of tbe Yarra-by means of which water has been sent into the lake — might be kept going night and day for the next three weeks, so as to make up the recent great losses of evaporation. Mr Longmore stated that if the pumps were constautly employed, as desired, the w hole of the vote available for pumping operations in the next five months would be swallowed np in one month. Mr Longmore promised, however, to see what coold be done. 