GEENriLLESBIRE. COUNCIL. ThTBSDXT, 17ft SIX TAUT. Present — The pretidznt, Ore Jones, M'Facsean, Bennett, Shepherd, Pender, Krpke and Webb. The folio wirg tenders were accepted .for the undermen tioned works : — Contract 219, forming and gravelling about 60 chains, in separate portions. Staffordshire reef and Kangaroo road : M. Culaghan, £203 17s lid. Contract 220, fanning and metalling 15 chains, Italians acd Staffordshire Beef road; M. Leahy, £16 12a 64 Contract 221, constructing bridge and approaches at gnlly near -Hlack HBl hotel, Scaredale. -Or Shepherd moved. Or H-Fadzean seconded— "That the tender of A. M Km, £216 10s,be aooepte4" The mover stated that ftey bad been promised the bridge for tho past three years. Cr Webb was opposed to going on with the work now, until they raw how they were to main tain the train roads without tolls Cr Bennett moved — " That am tender he accepted to the work" Or "Pender seconded the amendment, which was cawie4 Contract 222. works' at Ohenytree road. Kennedy's iane and Williima'IanerespectivBly; J. Halone, £48 Ss. Dontract 223, works at Barrett's lane and Walsh's iane. Ohsrrytrte Fiat; James Malcne, £10 T. Ryan's ap-lication to rembsion of the fine to teespasring <>n the PitfisM common. - A letter w-e read.from six re-, 6idents cf "Kffirid. oppdBbg" KyajTe spplieatjon. Or Fender thought the fine was ju-rt and merited, and moved—" That the fine be not rend ted." Fecended by O Jones, and carried- It -was aim deddedto pay the legal expensee ad the cere fr m the -fine, ana to. pay tbe' tolance into the commons fuad- Apf pointment of shire treasurer-? Prrtporedhy .Cr IPFaa- ceao, seconded by Cr. Fender— " That Jas. M'CInsky be appointed treasnrer of .the shire." "Carrie! Cor- reKpondeace inriuded the following : — From the eliire cf Dandenong, in reference to the expense o! preparing the increased 'number of Government re turns required, and asking Co -operation in obtaining some recompense for the same. Proposed by Cr Pender — ' That the ouscQ co- operate in the above matter." Carried. — From the charitable instiintions, ackoow&dgiag; the receipt of the council's donations. Received. — From tbe Hon. T. Gumming, H.L.O, in referezoa to the Tolls .Act, Beoeived. — From the sbireof Leigh, staling that the bridge at Bokewood Junction, on the boundary of the two shines, required re-planking, cost estimx ed at under £150. Or Webb moved, Cr Pender ceeonded — " That the council con sent to the expenditure o! £50on the work" Carried. The balance-sheet of the Smythesdale common toll 'road was received, and it was derided not to press te a portion oi the proceeds of the sale of the 'gate, fencing, &% Cr Jones moved— "That tbe toll com mittee end s. rn r In mr be empowered to sell the gates, &tz.; by auction." Seconded by Cr Bennett, and curie! — From Roger Frost, applying to access to the Woady Tall oca Creek, to wetrr bis sheep end cattle. Received ; enaction taken. — From John E 31, dfM-itwfog to accept the office of eecrelary to the Lin ton common. Received; and Diggo:y Roberts was elected secretary, at e salary oi JCi 15s per annum. — Slaughtering licenses were granted as follows: — S, F tarer, Linton ; G. Bang, Smythesdale ; G W. Farm, Piggoreet; A. Beulick, Dlabu-ok; M. Laurie, Redan; D. il'Lean. Oerweut Jacks; J. Spikins, Scarsdale; W. Eymer, Staffordshire Keel; Heioz Brothers, Cardigan: J. O'Hoara, Argyic;' D. Middleton, Argylo; John Clarke, Fmn HilL The inspector rrport'ed thai, owing to the Lot and dry season, the thislls6 were not Sewering so soon, and they ware consequently riot being cut so e i 1 y a : in previr.us years; and cave alist of those who hid not mide applicition Iot a renawtl of t'noir slaughtering licenses There is a gre t want of water iu a 1 parts of the shire, and unless the long continued drought terminates soon ii will bo a serions mat or. Or Kopke moved—" Tlfl. tho report bo received, and '.hat she inspector he authorised to prosecute any person slaughtering without s lic?nre." Seconded by Cr Webb, and carried. Cr U'Fadteau d-sw attention to the roads to tbs creeks, some of which were closed up. greatly to tbe inconvenience oi those travelling' with stock in the present dry season, cud moved — " That tbe inspector report on the matter." Carrie! It was decided to empower the engineer to call far tenders for maintecanoe melal to the district roads, end to the main roads, to the amount of £150. It was decided, on tbe motion of Cr Pender, to apply for a water reserve for the district of Kangiroo Gr Kopke drew the councTs attention to the largo number of bush-fires, and to the exceedingly dry state o! tho griKS. He thenght notices cautioning people against the careless use of fire should be put up. No action taken. The following aocotmts, amounting to £253 Is 4d. were passed for payment:— P. Kirby, £40 ; James Mai one. £24 9s; surface labor. £45 19s 8d; sa'uy, James Montgoznerv. £28 16s lid; do, G. H. Smith, £4; implements, £9 13s 6d: stationery, £2 Is 9d; lunacy expenses, £5 3s: inspecting dams, £2 ITs 6d ; land for road, K. Bennett, £20; petty cash, £5; de posits, M. Fanning, £20 ; J. Murray, £20; B. Bice. £5; Ballarat Hardware Comprey, £20. The council then adjourns! 