LAND SALc--A s8l4 Of Orosn lan4d? s18 advertised to, be hbald at the Court HoUse, H.Qathcote, on Thursday nxt, MAss,-Mass is anpounced tobehelkby the Rev, J. ', ]Roch at Costerfileld at 10 and at IteathQote at 12 o'clock on Bunday ,et,. .SnsIa. CoJ'ooL.-The ordinpy meeting o t?po Council this month falling ona New Year's Day, it has bee asdjourned till Tues day, the 15lth.inst. SALE OF MIINNG CLAsIU, PLANr~, &o.;,--s Monday next at 1l oQclock at 82 Collius Street West, Melbourne, Mr. Alfred Bliss will sell the olaim, machinery, and plant of the Sonth Costordield Co., particulars of which appear in our advertising colualps BuAINEs' PROSPEcTING Co.--In conse quepceof thescarcity of menat this time of the year, the above company have not been able to let the tender for sinking the shaft. After the holidayns, however, it is intended to take, on wages mreu to bottom, the shaft, in the event of the contract not being let. MoaE TrIsVncNo,-Following on, the robbery from thekitchen.of the Globe Hotol, we were informed of another act of thieving .that recently took place. This time the victim was Mrs. Hnmilton, living under the range, who had seven geese stolen from her place at night that had, been fattened for sale at Christmas. DEATH N T~n. IHosPITAhL.-The.little girl Brusher, five years of age, who was recently admitted into the lospital from the Ninu Mile~near Rushworth, having recelved severe burns through her clothes igniting at a bushfire, died in the. above institution on Thursday last, after undergoing a great deal of suffering. AuoroN SALE,-Mr. H. Thomas an nounces in our advertising columps that, acting under instructions from Mr. Edward Darker, ho will soiell at tho Heathcoto. Rotel at 3 p.m. on Thursday next a valuable free hold farm situated at Mt. Camel, consisting of 213 acres of first-class: volcanico soil, the. whole securely fenced, and copiously supplied with pure spring water at.all seasons. A LIBmRAL AorT.-Itt gives us pleasure to record a very liberal and mtuch appreciated act on the part of Mr. J.. F. Spinks of this township ingiving prizes to.and entertaining the children of the Sunday Sclhoool in. con. nection with the Presbyterian Church on Christmas Day. About four o'clock in the evening the children together with the teachers, by arrangement assembledl at the. Church, and from there proceeded to Mr. Spinks's residqnce, where tea tables tastefully laid out and bearing numerous good things, were provided for them, and to which they did ample justice. After tea the children, numnlering one hundred, were seated round a ve.itable Christiniss treeo- a fig tree laden with. prizes, which, hung suspended from the branches. There were a hundred a twenty-five prizes altogether-.. enough for all and plenty to spare. Tickets with numbers on corresponding with numbers on the prizes, were drawn by the children, and as each prize was taken down the child who held the corresponding number, made the fact known, and the prize was handed to it,. No expense appeared to have been sparedinthepuro?assof the prizes, which. had been carefully selected and were both useful and ornamental. Various games were indulgedin and the children were de lighted and enjoyed themselves thoroughly, and we have no doubt they will feel cause to long remember the kindness of their en tertainers, Mr.. and.Mir, Spinks. COSTERFIELD • OLD. AND ANTIMON~Y MINING COMPANY R IE'ISERED.-The quarterly meeting called for 20th December in the Athenmeum IM4Ibournm lapsed4. for want or a quorum. The following is the report of theDirectors :--During the. quarte' end ing 80th November, 1877, the revenue from gold'was 4125B , from antimony 47,965 14s. 'Sd., and from other sources, 40, The amount of expenditure was 44,801I 18s. Sdd., and consopuently there was a profit on the quarter of £9,2O4 16s,. The monthly dividends of 5s. per share were continued during the past quarter, another has been declared to-day, and the. directora hope to be able to keep up.these dividends. For the purpose of increasing the prosperity of the company, the directors are erecting a revolving cylindrical furnace at the mine. The. sludge and tailings are to be passed through this cylinder, and as they pass through they will be met by a current of flamp, whlich will drive off: the antimony in the shape ofoxide, and this oxide will be collected in the long range of fluee at present on the ground, and thereafter it will be c.n verted into metal. From the mining manager's special' report, it will be secu that the important operations condtucted liy him, both below ground and above ground, are proceeding in a satisfactory manner. (Signed) Iton'. W... SumAxDOI'ITr, Chairman. TRIcrErmY Is MANIxFOLn pN Irs PHaSES - One of them is that recorted to by nuscer puloub charlatans who sell and import deleterious alcoholic hoverages inixed with oume other hurtflul ingredient, and announce them to the public aM possesing the samne or sulperior remedial properties to that most salutary of medical cordials, UDOLItuo VOLFE'sE oIIIEI)DAMi AI oMIATIC SCHSPPP,. -TAo1T·.) COamnTrmAs TREEa.-A Christmnas Tree Was drawn in the Town Hall on Christmas Eve in connection with the United Methodist Free Church, the tree which we understand contained some 300 prizes, presented a most attractive appearance. Associated with this there was also two stalls of gifts for salo, containiug numerous articles, evincing the taste and liberality of the ladies inn he department of needlework, several good pic tures and a variety of sundries. The sale was rLesumed on Saturdayevening last. Owing no doubt to the holiday seasqu not being favourable a large amount of the better articles remain still unsold. Plc-NIa.-A most enjoyable day was spent in connection with the usual pic-pio given bythe United Methodist Sabbath School on New Year's Day, at the old spot on the banks of the M'Ivor Creekl near the M'Ihor Inn. During the afternoon there could not have been less than some 200 upon the ground, all of whom, from the smallest child to the matued adult appeared to be revelling in the enjoyment of the hour. Cricket, football, swinging, tounders, and other games were in full swing, whilst on one part' of the ground a good number appeared to go cos aomrcintothemazos of the dance, An ample supply of excellent pIrovisions was spread in a spatios bower at dinter and tea. PoLlosI CaURT.-Ox the 24thult., E. Field and 'W. Yonder-Luft, Esqra., being on the bench, one Robort Morrison, was commiited for tri~l at Sandhurst on the 22nd February on two chargs--tho first of stea.ling .a horse, value £15, fromn Martin Clarlke at Redesdal~, on the 20th ult., and the second of stealing a 8Sdglo and bridle, value £4, theproperty of Patrick IHehir, of the same place.. Yesterday before W, Yon-dcr-Lsft an4 J,. Cheist~i Esqrs, two.cases were called and adjourned till Wednesday neŽt., namely Charles John. ston,Congtablo at Graytown v. Joseph Jones, for unlawfully and maliciously maiming a bu?llog, value e12, belonging to Joseph Furphy at the IMajor's Line on the 17th December, and Christianq Skafto and John Peel, v. Henry Tate, being a claim, to. goods seized under a warrant of distress issued against the South Costectield, Gold and Antimony Mining Co., Mr. Tate,. the manager having put in a claim to the goods, on a bill of sale5 on behalf of the shareholders. Mr. Scott appeared for the plaintiffs and Mr. Booker for the deenrlaut. .RAMTCrQ.ENTERTAINOIENT, RIIsIeWORTH -The Amateur Dramatic entertaausnent held at the Shire Hall, on Thursday evening last,. on behalf of the Heathcote Hospital, was a decided improvement on the one previously held b.the saeme clUb. The Hall was filled with an appreciative audience, who had: evi dently made up its mind that all good pieces of acting should notgo unrewarded. Amongst the lads who most distinguished themselves in their different parts were Master J. Bryce, who.considering the few opportunities he has had of seeing anqthipg like good actors, performed the parts allotted to him in. the most creditable manner. Considerable im provement was also noticed in the lads, Taylor, Wilkinson, Cameron, Bartlett, Darby. Simpson, and Johnson. Nor was Mr. C. Wilson backward in his efforts to please.. Notwithstanding that it was his first appear ance. Master R. Brideson performed the parts allotted to him with credit. Mr. A. Spence's dancing was quite equal to his former efforts. The songs rendered by Messrs. Catlan, Holland, Wilson and others received the applause their merit deserved. The programme wab wound up with the Barber's shop, Mr. Potter taking-the leading part.--lVaranay Chronicle. A correspondent writes as follows to the "?amilton Spectator":.-"Whilst riding along a lane in the neighbourhood of KLoonongwootong last week, AIr, Archibald Smith, Ballochile, observed a large eaglehawkl rising from the ground with a snakeh, from 4ft, to 5ft..long firmly grasped in its talons, which were inserted in the body of the 'worm' some few inches behind the head; the rest of its body sometimes pendant, and at other times convolved, in vain endeavours to entwine the bird of pray. After soaring toa sufficient pitch, the hawk swooped down with great velocity, skimmilg along within a few feet of the ground, and dexterously dashing the snake, in its flight, against the top.rail of the lane fence (evidently its oiject), and com. pletely disorganising the reptile, leaving it limp and powerless. Such was the force of the shock, or the miscalculation on the part of the 'fowl,' of the 'fall' of the tail, that it was 'brought up with a round turn,' and made a complete somer sault. The talons were so firmly em bedded in the snake, hlowever, that,. with the next effort, it rose adequate to the emergency, and sailing oft' some eighty or one hundred yards, settled and pro ceeded to banquston its quarry." The spread of what is known as " larrikin. ism"isin factbecoming serious, and taxes more than the utmost energies of the police force to check it. Collingwood, in particular, is favored with a large number of that class, who give the constable no end of trouble, and often place.them in imminent peril of their lives. On Christmas Day a scene occurred in Simpson's road. originated by a number of roughs, which would be a disgrace to any community. A fellow namwed Andrew Lon non was treating every one within hearing to a number of choice quotations from the larrikin vocabulary, which were of so dis. gusting a nature that Constableo Hilford, who was on duty, felt it expedient to remonstrate with him. In reply, the ruffian made use of such filthy language to the officer that the latter, without further intervention, proceed. ed to arrest him. This was the cue for a general melve, and a number of Lennon's companions commenced a vigorous assault on the constable. Fortunately, two other officers arrived on the the scene, and a after violent struggle with the gang, in which they received some very rough treatment,. they succeeded in arresting Lennon and his worthy companions, who were even more violent-viz, John Ryan, James Lacey, and James Williams. Their conduct was des- cribed as that of savage beasts. The prisoner Williams, when struiclin~e with the officers, bit Constable IHilfird's fincer, anti actually chewed at it in his violence like a savage dog. When brought to the watch. house, Ryan in a most rfltiantly manner struck another otficer. Constable M'Kenzie, a savage blow in the face, which was nearly suflicient to stun the poor fellow, and from the effects of which he has not yet quito re covered. The gang ont the whol presented as relpulsive an appearance as any set that could possibly grace a prisnners' dlock. Leunn was fined the snum of 20s., or four teen days' imprlisonmenCt. for using insulting worlds: Iyan fr res~lting and assaulting the police was sentenced to a term of three monthts' imc'risonment, with hard labour; and Jamces LTacy for the same offence was filued £1, or two mocthis' imprisotncnt. Williamns was senit to goal for three months without thie option of a fine.-Daily. Tlc arc nil Saturlday. Furtheir news (says the ".,rMaborrough and DuInolly Advertiser") has been healrd from the once notorious C. E. Jones. Ie is editing a paper in Chicago. and is comfort. ably off. He has a distaste for America and the Americans, a feeling that is not decreased by the conduc:t of some of the Irish regimenlits in Chicago, who, trail the British flag in t)he dust, and otherwise show their dislike to the British. loues doles not speak of coming back, bht from the tone of his letter it ap. sears hq will probably do so ere lonu. 