THE NEW TIMBER LICENSES. TO THE EDITOR OF IHB IS QUIKE&. Seb, — I think there must be great mis apprehension as to the effect of the new license affecting our jarrah trade. On reference to the Land Regulations aa amended I find that the charge of £20 per equate mile remains the same. Over this land, as before, a thousand men may be emploved. on a license of 5s. amonth each : previously one had to take out a license for a pair of sawyers, not a single one, so that we have a great advantage here. ' lo fell, hew, or remove timber in baulk or for piles, for each man, £3 ; or, in case of a pair being employed, £5,' shall be paid, in addition to the license as stated above, say the new Land Regulations. The italics are the writer's, simply to point out the class of timber, namely, baulks and piles. This is not sleepers and other smaller timber. I have yet to learn that any thing like an extensive trade in piles or baulks was ever carried on, certainly not at the Vasse, whence the cry has chiefly come. Now, there was doubtless a good reason why this heavy charge has been levied on piles. One thing is clear— the encouragement of the timber trade in this direction would not be consistent with the conservation of our forests, since the removal of piles (saplings), both in the felling, and subsequently in their haulage to port, is so destructive of growing timber. But the mischief does not atop here. It is a very common practice on the part of hewers to discard a sapling as worthless — perhaps too unsound to risk its chance of passing the contractor. 'The tree Iteth where it falls' is realised here ; but it does something more. In the process of decay, its branches rendered highly inflam mable, this mass of debris is just the thing if not to start, at least to feed, a bushfire. Most of us know what a bnshfire in a jarrah forest means ; but there are not so many who, in looking into the future, have reflected upon the immense destruction of young timber trees by fires — not that in all cases they are killed outright by the names. but the sharp scorching by the undergrowth is generally found to be bo effectual that the tree seldom regains its former vigour. Therefore, in a word, I think we might seriously consider whether it would not be as well to abolish the pile trade altogether ; to make it penal to cut jarrah for any purposes below a given girth ; and, lastly, to make it compulsory upon sawyers and hewers wheresoever to destroy the debris from fallen trees. I know the latter rule would be felt to be a grievance and be somewhat difficult to carry out ; but that is no reason why, because our timber people think so, our forests should he recklessly denuded. I read it that hewers only — those who remove piles and timber in baulk — not sawyers, have to pay the £3 a month license ; and I think the Governor will leii me petitioners inai suca ib iuu case. Under these circumstances the contractors have acted with unnecessary precipitance, and the public officials deputed to issue licenses ought to have known bettor and should be made to stand the racket. If the Governor took the trouble to look at the new license clause before be left for the Vasse he will be able to have a fine laugh at those who I see by - jrday's Inquirer are bestirring themselves about the matter at Bosselton. But a vast deal of time: and money would have been saved if the matter had been officially referred to the Attorney General,. whose opinion would have safely guided those whose duty it is to issue licenses. — Yours, OLD SAW. Perth, Oct. 24. [Our correspondent appears to have hit the mark, for the effect of the new regulations is clearly what he premises. The Governor has promptly ordered an explanation to be made of the new clause. The explanation was published in our hut issue. — Ed. 