It is as well to. look matters straoght in the face and frankly -admit that- there is no. diance of the vernor eanctioning tliB payment of money by the Government npon the votes of the .Assembly alone. Thecablegrmn rectly received, althongh seemingly amfaignoos, is really a positive official protest against anyUiing of the eort : bg done ; and xio nsefhi purpose to the community would be served by any attempt to conqeol tbis fact or qualify this ptoMbitian. The Governor most otey the Colonial Office, whether right or wrong ; and it "is idle 'to- expect him to do aoytiung else. This faCt is clearly leopg- mi by every person in tbe land; and certiunly not a member of IbeIdberal parly, whether in or out of the Goveniment, or ihe AeseinUy, will ever yuk'Sr GBGE Bowek topact for. a single moment "from the etnet letter of his instructions. As a zuatter of fact, therefore, the Ministiy are compiled to tell back npon some other ex pedient to realise their object, than advisiiig the Governor to sign warrants npon the sole vote of the Assembly ; and the sooner they grasp the nettle in this epitit the better it win be for themselves, and the country. The question which really has to be con- sidered just now, is, how - ehall the dispute between the two -Honses be dis pel of ; and it eeems to ns that it needs no very profound reflection to give a simple and .comiflete answer to this interrogation. It must be evident to every rational person that there is. no chance of toe Council giving way. The component parts of that House forbid any such expectation. The Gonncil h determioed to maintain toe un- constituUoaid position it has essomed, and fight agnst the Ministry and the Liberal party ; and fight against these opposing and patriotic forces there can be no doubt it will to the end of the chapter. Nor can the Ministry and the Assembly yield. Anything of the BOrt, indeed, would he infamous. Standing upon toe undoubted right of the majority of "toe people albpotent,: and) reftemng to dlowje poiincil to allengef.iight, The Govenimeift and ihe' -Asdem'biy' 'cann ' bildge one inchTrdm theptitmey have token np; jand ithenEfoiB it isTof npase lopto togto either of.ttfeto quarters torwy-nmii'' diate ief to eiffiting tSomplfcatibns.'. ;'Po'r' diverse jpeasqns'both'arp fleterinined riot.' to lro)n\|he ejtiie j ;fmdi; .ttomiist eiAntoide-fbrtfae means ideceB- Bwy W-'OTd fw''coiifiict; ' 'Ntiw 'vtokV ire'; thbto ineihB ?; -dp LjAfftliWe 'iidratod we'iirtii -dayj;miT: Jhoiise toe Ministry to -rdodtve'inid' pay-' aw toerevenne iiteSatilie' ibf tow: This would at oppe bring toe Ministry rmd ' vfable rtopdnsiMBty'bf'toe' eltolWPi lMftJflPMlBffice.?JBflnaltiiwyoald no donto be tiBkedliy'iBlf wte-yv by BabSeqneM ¥ariiamtaiy 'idliin,'; -to) get rid. tluB. difficnlly, and one. lliit fti however, wodld Totce s»t |» a isk ctiris, and tons pave-fhe way 'fto ah jy cBtriemwt-qfthB wiwie tii8ffite=Taai»< w)eto» toetesf MSAoxSpeod «heicitfwn also give ritsiUty to ipsolnliiiHi vriikiithe AssemUyliariSyteBtantlypassedjand gene- niUy assett rii people and -to" ciiipremacy iof "fihat jCiiamber. Bnt there does nd; seem to --be .a disposition on the put cd-toeLMtelstijto Govranor to'disi which would cer- taintraw dbran him the indiguatioD of the people, andshowhowntterly powerless toe Opposition is to carrv on the business some other means, than the methqd just outlined, to meet the major difficulty ; wnd— we' uoed-met 'tiaid' unteido' aii-'-ot#- beaten track to'-fihd the ieinedy becessary for the pnrpose." That -remedy is summed! - pp in the one plirase — an immediate and thorough reform in the constitution of the Upper House. This is. the real solution of the dispute — the only tangible way now available to dispose of the crisis. Not a moment, therefore, should be lost in taking this reform in hand. All other matters ehould be entirely subordinated to its coneummatiou ; and we are glad to see, by our parliamentary report, that the Mini stry entertkin': the eamb views on the sub ject; What particular ehape this reform should take need not be detailed here. It will be time enough for os to deal with details when the scheme of the Ministry is placed before tbe country after the orthodox fashion. But that this reform ehould be taken in band of once is ifidisputable ; and tbe promptitadeehownlaet night in dealing with this question is creditable to toe Mim- Btry, and will prove acceptable to iJie people. The motion Babmitted by Mr Bebby, last night, to nee tbe 45to cianse of the Consti tution Act to obtain-fuuds to meet the cost of Government, is alflo a wise slop to take, and one which cannot be cavilled at ou the ground of being illegal. It is strictly in accordance with toe Constitution ; and there fore that mution should be passed by the Assembly without demur, and acted upon by tbe Government without hesitation. But this motion will only meet one branch of the case. It will not bring the dead-lock to an end, and it is that disturbance in our Parliamentary arr-angements wUch needs to be finished. A wise refoim of toe constitotion p£ tiie Upper Hbose is, therefore, what is wanted, and to this end we are glad to see tbe Government will DOW direct all their energies and attention. Tbe result will no doubt be this — tbe Council will reject the bill, on account of its liberality, and thus compel tbe Govern ment to appeaL The Government will appeal, and if the bill be a-' eoUud one, |s. we ibave- no.- doubt dt -will, toe Ministry fvill go back again stronger than ever, bnd'lthe'XJoiindr will toeni'''baVe'n6''-jittef- native but to pass tbe measure. If it does, not — if' it should still be determined' to' revolt against pubiic opinion — then the bill will have to be remitted for Imperial treatment ; and ;(re have no doub wbafever tbM-toeTnfrof Ittiis-Btiip' wiU- te .'its'ly fidoptioD. By following this plan tbe crisis at toe worst will ran itself out in a few mouths; and no inconvenience of any consequence will, in that case, have been caused by its existence. -The object of 'toe -dispute will ' also be roalid, buse, by cqusiiiutioud form," the 'right of tiie majority, of ' the" people to have their own way in the legisr: lation of the colony will be estab lished; and there is no other end asked for by the Ministry, toe Assembly, and too Liberal party, in this conflict. This, then, is the course to pursue to end toe dead-lock — to lose no time in bringing down a Constitntion Reform Bill, and to push it through' the -Assemlky with all the expedition possible. Thus the dead-lock will speedily disappear, and the government of the country be placed on a basis that will respect all rights, aod at tbe same time ensure obedience, to the will of tbe majority of tbe people, in both Chambers. On one detail only will we tender any advice at this juncture. Payment of members should be an integral part of the new constitution. It is a vitd element in the democratic creed ; and ubder no circum stance can it be dispensed with. By placing payment oinembere in tbe new Constitution BiU Its continuance will be ensured, and its removal from all disputes between the' two Houses in tbe future most effec tually accomplished. Moreover, boto sub- jecis will then be settled by one appeal to the electors. The conutry when endorsing tbe Bcfaeme for reforming the Upper House, will in the same breath approve of pay ment of members ; and thus the two birds, which are creating so much noise just now, will be killed by the one shot ; and the best results to all p-arties will assuredly follow from their effectual disposal after tbe manner here recommended. Briefly, toe Government funst go straight at reform of the Upper Houto without q moment's delay ; and we are glad to see that this is toe Ministerial determiiuiticn. This is the surest way to end the dead-lock, and the soundest method also to maintatn the popularity -tohich Mr Bebbt and his colleagues so deservedly enjoy amongst the electors. We do not think would be altogether safe for the people out here to extract any vast amount of comfort from the European news whidi was published iu our jester-' day's issue. Superficially regarded, there can be no doubt that those items loi very much as though the difficulties in Europe were over, and that all danger of Eogland bmng involved in war was at an end. But locked at a little deeper, there is ample room to form quite a different conclusion oa the subject. Some days back we pointed out that the great danger to England lay, notip tbe demands made by Russia with reference to the Dardanelles and Balgaria, but in Bussiaabandoningallclmme that would bave a tendency to aroima Austria, and initate the rest of Europe. If, we argued, the Czar withdrew his demand with rtference to the Dardanelles and Bulgaria, Austria wonia have no object to serve by allying herself with England to oppose -the Char's claims ; and the result in that case might be thatEugiaud would beleft nnassistedlocbeek Masoovite;aggresGums,ka -Asia.; toast vdiat we. then forecasted has come to pass. Russia has foregone ali-herldaims In Europe ; hht, with one exception, she still holds to "her demands on tbe Aeiatic eide of the Dar danelles. That exception is toe abandon- -ntent of tbe demand to absorb the Egyptian libute until the indempity, is paid ; und. hkbongh this ' is certaiuly a concession to Etigland, it - does not remoiB tfaei Bppre- .htosiun With which ,.tbe .presence, of 406 Bussiaus in '-.tmehia' will lie' regarded in tbe mother country, or the ftities -which they will obtain in the direction cf British India, by hbqoirihg these posses sions. The net result, toerefore, of t-be re ceding process jn which Russia has just indalgqd is <ply to .Ansijia from Gteat . ;Britom,fwd tiad flirow. all "toe iffi- - Siflties of the porition upon England. This, is 'ivery likely to be one of those emait tricks 'hi- jdiplomacy for which Buaaia is f anions ; tiiipaaadt«unnnsi yaeteiday'a news with toat mmuxed.satis- faon with which it ia generally regarded. -Bla is always indaigiBg in tricks and ex ploits whicdi tome is no .latooming until toe £OBiDn occnrs. It was so in the mmo- rame occupation of Khiva; and the same ,dtoelt h«rsKi«QQi!h«buriiipi«fBdtoi toe present war agtoist Turkey, upon en- on whkdi toe Oaar dedared 'be wtmid nw take an inch of territoiy from ihsultan, jnd..i>ow he, demaoda abont Wp re- gard, towsore, th e'ome'' epreirioB : ;toe. action of Cz'to jto ahscribUte the (it telegraiaa; Wp Toqk. iipoa a smart toheme tei 'is6i<& Euand frem all' allies, in the event of trouble arising out of tbe acquisitions in Armenia ; and it is hard t|iBiJB-'h'JW'.''0'edrew'.WLuiuui»fiuB''sd'yBBtei'- dayjs . npwp will, lor any ofbpr.iqterpreta- iibu'.'IOfksoQrae'wie hiiylje'rong ; and -we- jn the «ieqc44i.: ulrohe tectietitt remains fbat -R-UKsift- has coticenfrated alfRer-terri- torial demands upon a spot iu which Europe nerally is not concerned, but in the occu pation of wbicb England is deeply intereeted. This looks very much like a design to pacify the Coutiuentul powprs; and -lenye England without a" single ally 'to take toe field with her forces, if more fighting should be the result of the conference at Baden. The fierce heat of the last few days ended early yesterday morning, when a fine shower of rain fell in Ballarat and the surrounding district. Heavy banks of clouds aftervard obscured tbe sky for the whole day, but no more rain fell. Tuesday even ing the wind cbopjied round to the south-east, and lowered tbe tempmture considerably. - Tlie Hon. Malcalm Fraoer, Sun-eyor- Geoerol, with Messrs Stone and Burt, of "Western Australia, yesterday visited Ballarat, and were shown tlie ptintipal attractions of Ballarat by Mr J. K. Wif- - on; besides attending Die Juvenile Exbibitidn. The viritoTS left for Uefbonrne by tbe lost tioin, and expressed themselves very much gratified with irfaat they had seen. The wiit issiied by Messrs T-onng and M'Qutgan against the Water Commission, for £37,560 for extras, losa of tune, (be-, in connectioD with the Gong Gong contract; was not served yesterday as expected. There was again an excellent attendance at the Juvenile Industciol Exhibition yesterday, more especially in the evening; :lie total nnmber of visit)Drs:beSng 1029, aod the receipts .1 Ss 6d- At the promenade concert. Miss Davies, Messrs Banting, Toung, and Gumming, were tbe vocalists, and -were loudly applauded, while Brnun'g excel lent orchestral tond rendered several favorite selections. One or two exhibits were received yes terday, inriadingalucely-dresseddollfFamayonng lady at Clones, who negiected to fbrw- aid her name. Messrs Smith and Here's handsome show-case has also been re- dressed, one of the prominent featiues being on ebony-colofed do beauG- foUy adorned witb a white satin dress. In tbe machinery building some progress is being made with the railway by the employes of the noanix Fonntlry, And a commencement has bn inade'with'laying down therms. 'Tejierday/tbe enthusiastic ban. secreiary, Mr Baunister, visltcld Talbot, and made arraogemems for forming acom- miltee of-tiie leading oesidehts, who 1 -ineet oo Saturday next and make provision for a special excursion train from that jiace on an early date. Mr Bannister afterwards proceeded to Clunes. Here the town cleto had convened a. meeting of gentlcni'eoit wliich' flie-tni&yor; prteid. ''irirere was a good attendance, and those present formed a committee of— (be whole. It was determined to arrange for a special exbibition ex- cutsioD train ontl$ SSpd ingtant ;'.tbe rdurn fares fo be 3s for adults, and Is 6d for all under twenty- 01 yean of;;Me.':Mr.BanDistetjm also le-l quteted te'interriew' the Itoiister of-Eaiication, tor' nraghboitoodi.' .Tp,rdar;(l»4:k<gi.;ifgi9mfsry pro ceeds to Hamiiton to form a committed and to morrow will wait on the leading residents of Ararat to make arrangements for the despatch of excursion trains from that place. ' A" p!llRniigihe>re'Qff teUine 'y-gsterdaylwhile being sbntfted '"from ibe'Thteulx nimd'iy'' dding, near Dovetmf 8t«et, on:-to:the main Ihie.- 'The accideia faappe'totoih tbe famngqwintabeisg . left'opmi. ' The' mgine wna g'ot oo again in about aq hour, irithont having austmnbd -amy damage.;' < "Tfteotote atMents 'Paries and Ortoain's'bopt"' factoiy, wie ardglaitoo ann6mice;;faai termiiULtedi ' the&rm;'liaving;ag(eea'to tIie'.tennBnf flie .eih-, plty itoo inaiDe fluty ton teptmpg. ( On Monday evtoingameetowMaatenayen'sras held at tbe Man of Kent faotto tSnake Vhlley, to devise mehns for providing a water supply dor the localtay; "inrinffi' toeston Hill 'and Sottie HB. The councillors of tbe east riding of .Biponsbite were present ; Mr Oddie, tfae.president, takiag tbe chair. Tbe shite engineer, Mr fl. H. Jackson, re ported in writing on several sites he hod-examined, and recommended tbe old Mngnnm Banmndamas toe most suitable tor Snake "Falley, as it could be greatly improved »t a comparativeiy small ontlay. He also considered the present Nil Desperandum dam as the most likely to meet the requirements of Fr-eston Hill, after being Improved, and in discus sion it was shown that it conld -be nude avulable for a domestic supply and cattlealso. ' These were agreed (0. The old Golconda dsim waa toongfat best for Bottle Hill, if deaned lout and tbe em- bankmeiit raised ; but the meetrngcairiedthatit was most desirable to let tfus remain as at present to answer the purposes of gdd washing and cattie, and witb the money tons proposed to be spent tost a email dam shonld be constrncted a short distance off for domestic supply. The first eral meeting of toe local Constitn- tional -Assodation was held iothe.'committee-niom of the -Mechanics' Institute last evening, tbeie being abont 40 persons present. Mr J. N. Wilson occupied the chair. A resolntkm was moved by Mr Joseph Jones, seconded by Mr A. il-Vitty, and carri to the effect " That toe -system of govern, ment f one HonSe was proved to be dongerons. and impolitic. Mr H. B- Kicholls moved toe secoud vesolution, which was seconded by MrF, . Downea, regretting toe tendency shown towards overnipenc by one House. The toird.motion was " That toe commit tee be autoortied to ">11 a meet ing to lay the trne position .of the sfteoh J>efoce tlie public," and also to disteminatelhe objects of the associaliiMt."- This latter resolution .ms moped by Mr S. -M Seijeaiit, aeeoiided by. lteR.-D.. Caoc and agreed : to. Home lOtlier nnimportuit biisiaess was trsasscted,4UidaTote of -.touiics to the diair dosed meetoig. \- fThe ordinary meeting of the Bnpreiie Oouncal, to- khve -teen teld jtesterdite, lapsed, for want of a qnornm. The coumuUors in attendmice were toe presideat (Oooncilloc Calw), and; Cotm- cQlotsO'Hehir and Cope;' - In anotoer column will be found a report of the meeting of tbe Mining Board held yestey, A temperance meeting in connection with the Ballarat East Lodge, I-O.Q.T-, was held last night in the Ballarat- Fire Brigade hall.' There was a very large attendance; toe chair being occupied by Br Bettie. During toe evening, a lecture was deliveted by toe Bar. J. W, Blarney, Grand Lodge lecturer, in which" too evils of intemperance were cileariy "and fordblv pointed out, and tlw merits and advantages of tmnpoance admirably advocated. The Bevs. J. Orchard, J. Inglis, T. J. Gory, and Mr Bym also added a few remarks. The Irctine yras attmtirely listened to, and at toe dose a vote of dianks was accorded to the rev. lecturer, who wfllddireran address this evening at Chnst Chnnh School room in eoonection with a ineetii»: (fl the 'City Lodge LO-G.T. - - The Bishop of BaUarat has appmnted Mr W. K Forbes, who has jast arrived from "EngUnd, as assistant to tbe Bev. C-- H-- l&Uanby;, in the psrochis! district cf Little Bmdigo, Bongaree, and Waireobrip. At a meeting of dairymen, hdd at the Edinbq -Castle hotel yesterday, it teas decided.'Nin atxsomat of the lugh price of feed and -toe scardty of milk,- to raise the price of milk to Cd perquart fctail and" W wholesale. ; " " ' Messrs Jarocs Oddie and Co.; (fl tbe Loan Bank, notify in our advertising columns a further and nmterisl advance In the ralq oj intereit given on deposits, viz., 8 and .(1 per- cent. -foe siyns of not leys (ban £100, -the sfourity ita(be depior -being- a Jmbae'l cvci'-foiDe-hgrichltnraiabd,' whiiffi- mortgage he may taite'taway, togetoer with toe bank's guaiahcee to-make' good any possible" loss. Tbis is; of noone, -nninnnBusUyi-tii -rate, "and- -kuhst be regarded as a siMwficsDMWP "I times, at; least .as.far as o.urfinatwia! 'atinpipbere is con-, ctfted.' No'flfoM'toeite|pekted.triluVe inonrcrops;' tte vast omoonc .qf, -thM-jhss been g< on for yeMs Aflfl tW uMijniled raire- , of i@ectorsrf¥u>$Ite' fo: the present very trying times for the £iorrawer, but flourishing ming at tlielshite hall, LintanibaMohday. even ing. The whole of (fae'" memlien''.: were qiresent, viz., Messrs Montgomstyi-Bfaepherd, Ball, Anstip, , atttnqFadzeahirin "(he'-tfoiw). "'fMnwjwhdeoee ' fnjm- MieTldatetionTieiriitment was "Ireaa, lreqht-.. ingtokDDwff the bo.faad.taken'ai aMibniii', regard tq.tbM'edfoltfog dT'ihe comphls danse' of Ihe atx;— The rotiiihsfodm fiops wiiidMrefl that the ot-t Stefldancewos mndLhdter tiMUnmrigyipn at I mSSolhouBe oo fnWj iStb shew causa'of 'Rie cMHren'a BSta-att£Qda(iae.>A let waa ead-.nso " He. Baamttet; - seczetrry- Jnjrenile Exhibilion, in nqily to toe-corresptiodent'a letter Heqaehting. to -JaiQw.thesState school ihadraifnmnMreteflarittalHbUliePitMbttioflht'a children shonld have an oppoitanity of sew Mr Bannister informed the board that toe children would he admitted for the sum of 3d each. The I wtoerwdioolsirillfallow.ireeipte.' Oor Seanfrat cornnBent writes ;—< Some czcitdneht was>-created4n,.Beanfart.tm Sandi f ternenn by tlie«ntbrinfc«f «Sre at toexesidenre loss of life, but for the coufageotts-.a-ad prrise- wortby action of a lad named John Httrohison,-' about fifteen years of age. Mrs Kilbeg was engaged hfieoweretatei retfatwu mwm a'tiiffiBjuBiing' bonding, and beiog aroused by tbe cracking of toe vrp, ehe rusbi out and found tbe house on See. She then ran into the burning struc- ldigirTga!ffriijr'dwrc"tM% wbich was ineiije.". After tbiee2 allEmpts she failed, rooeiviog some severe— buroa -about the- head. Tonng -Murctiison, who had arrived on the spot, then illantly mailed in auA succeedrf in brinng'lout the infanr,«riio,$t was Jhond, uud tUBiaiaod .severe .burns about the head, arm8,,a fe, frOT wlStoihds-evcr, no -Berfijus results wil atcrue.. Uadjt nof, becn'for this plucky, young' culiinial, the" riiild would undoubtedly have, been burnt to death, and ins conduct should be brought nudcr tlie notice of toe Humane Society.- The buildiog.was insured in theQoecn Insurance Com pany for £50, but this amonnt will not cover' the loss sustained by Mr Kilbey, as all tbe bedding, furniture, &c.;, were destroyed, independent of the btiilding." Mr F. W. Harmer's company of pupils from the 'Victorian Blind Asylum is announced to give a concert of vocal and iostrumental music at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday eveningnext, 18th instant. The company gave a mostexcdlent concert here three "weeks ago; but, owing to ite bring thefirat shilling day at toe'ahibidon, the attendance was so limited that, a beavy loss waa tbe resnit 'VVe trnst that the Gaming entertain- roent will more than cover, the former leas, and that a crowded honse will ahnndandy teati the hearty aympathy of the citizeos of Ballarat towarda those who,=taiBicted "with perhaps the greatest of Ml calamltiea, are sbiving to support toemselvea by the exerdae of thrir nndonbtedly great telents. It ia"pirit>alfle that the Mechanics' toititnte committee make arrangements with tbe company tor the free admission M the membera. -Anniversary sermons in connection with the Rubicon Street Wesleyan Cbnrrii were pieadisd on Sunday last — in the morning, by the Bev. 6. Minns ; in tbe afternoon, by toe Bev. J. Barning- ham ; and in the evening, by the Bev. E. I. Wstkin. Tbe attendance at earii service, notwith standing tbe intense heat, was good, particularly in tbe evening, when the <hutch was crowded. On Monday evening a tea meeting was farid, when over 100 partook of toe gosd things pro vided by Miss Caddy; all lieuniig testimony to the very ezcrilent and remplete manner in whidi she catered for toe comfort and satisfoction of all present. At-'foe-pnbUc meriing wMch frilowed there waa an'exceUent attendiinee, and it was ably presided over by Mr Thomas Walker, of Bridge street. Addresses were delivered by the Bevs. ' ,1. Wstkin, J. Baroingfaam, and T. J. Cory.inter- aperaed .with adect. aolos and choruses by on effi cient company, under the leadership of Mr J. Urea ; ea thorns being well tendered, and with fine effect. Praise .must be given to toe losses Ben nett, Il9.bsi)i;'!Cckmai,'and.SaDdford for the ex cellent Triidition of the various solos allotted them, alsb'td 'Sfhia Lawson," 'whff%cqaitebd bera'rif ad-' miiaUy'r' aa t.-wrganist. _Tbe - usual Votes 4t- toanka were.:aci»rded . to - the following riadiea,-:' irho presifod 'at ths . tables : — Hesdamea Bpban,.. BenpeU, :.,)!! Davjea, WillaqivTand Sh'ij to |£e. "apgcra anfl cjiairfflaa,; , .to, Miss, Dari"llessf8'''Bva'Jeninns, D. pavla, 'Alplf' Jd/ ladDbri'Wate.'snd the" Masters Fieru 'and Love for the&inBd; niindci(I'asristanee;-iffid'fo' dvery respect pleasBtatdemnd instructive. 1 The sittings of toe Smytoesdale County Court On Tuesday was unnsiuUy brief, tbe cases being all. disposed .cf within an hoar. Ko professional gentleman from a distance was present, toe two focal practitioners furnishing all the lal talent. -Brief,, however, as toe court. was, it was not a- gather nneventfnl, as one witness very narrowl/; escaped .bring cpmmittliik contempt conrt'. Be addressed Mr Bumie'thooolicitor, who was examiplDg bim, as I'.qld ow,'J and jnfori ' MMfnatnei'was not stniigfahe'riossiqdatiohed' by him. Thomas. Moor toe' witDe8s,.i>logised, andthecaae proceeded. - - - ' - ' I We are glad to leain font' Miss Bailey, of Btate admol No. lii, Ckighilra Credn is amoi toe encoesstni 'caodMates for a. certificate of. compe-: ten- This, young lady passed at. the late bx- nmination after being prepared by Mr Bain. ' A Tonng Men's Chriatiah Assoriation is to be formed in BaUarat East, and a meeting will he hrid in the Town Mission HaU next Thursday evening to enrol members and adopt rules. ' Messrs Baker and Farron, tbe popular come dians, announce in oar advertising colnmns this morning, that toey rrill give a season of one week in the Academy of Music, commenringon Wednes day the ISthinatant. They will besupportedby Mr G. W. Collier and a full dramatic company. The opening piece is "Conrad and Lizette," and " Struric Oil " will follow before the seaaon closes. Tbe receipts on the Victorian Railways daring toe week wbidi ended on the 2&th; February, were £25,435 5s Sd. The amount received in the cor responding period of last year was £23,588 4s 8d. : The monthly meeting of toe Baliorat Horticnl- tnral Society will be farid this evening, at the Mridisaice' institute, at half-past seven o'clock. The AnstrMian Natives' Association meet at Cnig'a hotel, at eight o'clock, this evening. . i Members of toe Ballarat Art Academy are re- minded that a meeting wiU be held at toe Town Hall this evening, at eight c'dotk. The ezcuision of St. Andrew's Sonday sriiool to Geelong will take place nexfTaesday. ' A eonflagrstion, which, unhappily resnlted' in loss of life, occniy (says the -Berald) at the Bee hive hotel, Hotbam', about two o'clock on Tuesday moruing, A female lodger, who slept in an up stairs apartment, was .awakened by beating toe - rnckliug of bnrning tinAer. Skeran down stairs with tbe intiention of apprising toe landlady of toe tmnse, Hiss Mary Doherty, who occmpied a room at therearof'tiiebar; bnton asoonnt of the ib- tense heat of the flames and the dense smoke; she failed to rescue toe nnfortunate woman, who perished in the bnrniogf Be. A. letter. addressed to "The Right Honorable the Lord Mayor .of Hdbonrne, Australia," has been received frbm ""William (ioUms, Lord Pro- vbst of. toe City of Glasgow," calling attention to tbe' appaUmg calamity which occurred at the Blontyrq cbUiery, Lanarksbire, on toe 22nd of October last, and whirii is considered toe most ssrioua acddent toot ev took plaoe in Scotiond. It appears from the lord provosPs statement (says the Ai) that: lo for ss has yet been ascertained, no iesa.-toan 209 coUieta lost their lives, wbile "pvar Too widows and itoont 250 children have been cast destitute on the" world, and many old and infirm people have been deprived of their only means of support." The lord provost, therefore, on behalf of tee committee, prayed toat the mayor of Melbonrne would take steps to assist them in raising the mini of £50,000, wtiicb it was calcnlated would be needed to cany cat the objects of tbe fond effiriently. A aiimhtr letter had heen re ceived previously from the committee, and a reply was forwarded to the effect tliat, owing to the Indian -famine, there had been sncfa a demand made on tlie citizens of Melboiixne, toat toe mayor did not feel justided in again making a public -ap peal to tbe citizens. It is, however, understood that h's wonbip tbe mayor will receive any snb- scriptions for toe fund, and forward them to the Lord Provost of Glasgow. An -exciting discovery (says a triram from Sydoe.r in last night's Herald) has been made in connection with the . Tichborne case. A person who was mate of thc'sbip Middletoa; wben she left London in 1852 wiih horses for Hobart "Town, visited the Partaroatta Lnnatic Asylnm on Mon-- day.-in company wito Mr Eckfor BLP., and 'Mr' Ibpik, of Helbountb, and. out of a crowd of 200 Inoarics' sriected' tlie lunatic who is known as Cresswetl as the veritable Arthur Orton, who he. emaj"wastoc'"Shfp"sTSrerori to'eTofSfeir (o. The Gnveroment'is'te most My to yield, vaiid awjCretewell"Ee.rc£io Eiland ?rbe fotoiiag mdinchriyflthfoom tarvatSnn inj tbe;hiiBh-48:-Teonrdeiliby the « Mr ; 'Hprnby, J.P„ held on Monday' a rosgisierial eu- qiuty at BroadforddmJhefudyToEjiyouni; man, .fojmi qp;at.uiflay last hy tfroyoungJads when; out rabbit-hunting. The hodyjwas lying in the hcUow of a aig8.treeeo anopotga'm-rqg-itoe ide.' iceaaed's 'boats on.ne sidcyand-hie-hat ontoe ; other: Tbe;-plRce-.wn ..about 'bSlfam'il'llubtnt-; from toe White Ftdj-atorej hnl Mr'FiatrickVi! .toe stor&ceper;,'hBdDever8eenJhe"deceas"l&£; seen riflaiwfolieolESisybang miuTn'thTSSgSS hotid some time ago. .OhAhdoFtoe boots fonnd 88 a cut, from which a ahepherd identi-fied de- iF®.»3'iW.knan ijaa aek.3.,ihn4toi9fo i?p, ant (re wW Jonnd, and who otoed.. Jor dnnk of tea, wlflcb he reo .lum.;lmt' destefi-.dedined to have anytlusg '. to ' it.:-Tt)e -oheeh'T'de- aaibefl foqii as . -"viy >,thin ud; rieliektef; looking. Dr Tarr was-. - maafon that death ifead fipffiuwd thout two laimths ago. -TheXissniek weje completely dried up. Deceased Md teri-- flefltly hemFfotant S foet A «R hair black andgatoer long'briiiod. ' Frimi -the ap- «ance of his oaila and fingers, he tfaonght de- xfotgnrSt, rtowKt' wVonld judge his affK he aWulPtSSQ'S On a sheet of paper found on him was written, in j areiy neat hand, and oorrectiy spelt.— 'Great I (Bod be merrifnl onto me, a poor, weak, and sinfal| (mature; pardon allmy mna,cast me not aside, but cleanse me, for toe salm of Tlfy dear Son,' who died upon toe Cross, that even the weakest mt' seek pardon of Thee.' And on the' other'eide, quite legible, bnt not so well writtrao— ' Senrible, ' bnt dying. Monday, ISth Friirnuy-ioon -.lie in ; better worid. Too weak to work,lBid bavel a .loaf for last three months. Very patient, but" jfod starvatiou slow. Ton most not bold inqnest, mit please carry remaics to Castlemaine. No friends. 4foinwmy"- Hop-growing (saytoo Age) promises to bereiy profitable in Gippeland:'"; Tbete are abont 100 acres Bairnsdale. and . thtoMirish wrih Mr Jmn Trergueson's grounds,, under the management d Mi>nl..F,.iBlytb,; 'afford a good exam of toe natnreof toe eirtcrpris?: There orifi- 18 acres under qrop.j "The pi'ipglig tng effected by about 150 persons, ihctudTiig Eufopu "women andcbOdren, and Ghfoese;' Thete are aMttt 18 tons of bops, varying fo.tolne from- Is to Is Gd pet- ponod. Roughly estunated they wilj realise £120 per ton, ora'total of£2400.' "Half of this rerenw will be absorbed by expenses, " including irrigation by mfoosorM'Comas' vFater- lifters. The other half will remain as clear profit — uoc a bad product from 18 acres. The scene on Monday (says the Colae Herald) resembled a war pictar and was suggestive of I two or three cities being on fire a few miles south of Oolam The biggest bush-fire was raging ou Tbnrsday, at Irrewillipe, about twelve miles S.W.. from Colac. There was also a large fire at Boun dary Creek, twelve miles south from Colac. A fire sprui up abont six am. on Sunday, at Teo, six miles in the same direction, and bas burn ing rince. Anotoer fire started on Satnrday at Slater's paddock, two miles south of the town, and . is stiff bonung. Ths fixes liave consumed an immense qnantity of fencing, gross, and timber, which will entail a great loss npon leridents in the "vidni, espetaally the hnrnt. fepriiig and graos. Nor was this oil, for the homestead of Hr&bert; Lncas, a nice cottage, was totally consnmed by the fire at Irrewillipe, as was also a waggon laden wito timber. Tbonsands of acres of fine grass, and miles of fencing have been destroyed by toe bnsb- fires that have ranged roond Colac daring tbe lost few days. TVe leajm also that the cottage of Mr F. Clifibrd, at Teo, was bnrnt to the groend on Monday evening, and the fire is s rapidly spreading westward. An acqident ( says toe Partlaad Guardian) dis playing' the caxessnesa shown by people in con nection with railway trains' occnrred at Heywood on Saturday evering, whereby a''man named " Thomas Fairril, a resident of Portomd, lost his life. FarreU for a long lime worked for Myanrw Overend and Hobb, bnt- had for some time post been workiDg as a biiridayer's laborer at the goods station at Heywood. Fartril had it seems, been In tbe habit of riding in the oontractore ballast timn to Portisnd on Satnrday evenings,. althongh repeatedly warned not to do so by Messrs Overend Bobb's gnards and drivers. On Saturday evcnlug tbe ballast train ran past toe Heywood platform, in order to get into a 'riding where a truck waa to - -beleft. vAs the train passed.-the platform Farr. me an effort to jump foto toe trucks despite (be i cries of toe guard to desist. He friled in getting into toetni and was thrown heavily batk from the side of toe track, falUn'g with great force on- toe blnestqne edge of .thTPlatform. He was at once tAen hp, but -was'qfote iB"8enrtble.'snd oa" tor -rival of the passengtrti-shcy aiterwarda be os placed in "the guard's'Vah 'khd' 'taken to toe hoipi'fo- jportta/ 'H'howerei, never "laBied, Qd-fiied-abont halfpast nine." Farreli was ah bU' man, .and Uaves.a pjfe hi:fonuly not over -wj ptqa.&r; Jf '-IL'.; '.i A numerously-attended meeting of the Williams" fownvbcanch hi the -National fieidim Leue tea's held (says toe Age) at toelsld Wesleyan Gtajifl, Oh-' Monday evefiihg.- TheptMjidriiCMr "A. T."<Satfo occupied tiiehhaSr.' Tt vtos' nD'animbasly'Tdfolvbd to tyieforate the ingpgnn'n ofAbeTewne at a- meetfhg to be "hrid jh tiiefocal volnhteexdnU.roimi i <ai; Monday ue' Tbe- CriiTariary.mid.uthrir:' membeB of the GoverniDent,' it is ahtiripated, wiU; address the meeting. AUhough-it is-ooly a few weeks since' this', political organisation was insti-' "tuted, it has enbriledabOnt 600 members. Thefo is a general desire to be strony represent at t fortheonwig'damoiaron urHribonrne.'. Tlie'. HmaiZtoa Mcteter states thatiMr .P.. Hamilton onfi, Mr Afcriiurst have 4eec remstated as police mogistratea." This will give very geomol satisfaction, as also will toe news that we are'not to lose Mr. Hamilton's services, he bring appointed . to take riiorge of toe Western district. Mr Ake-| hnnt's heod-qnarten ore to be at BiswdL The intense beat of tim ano tm Monday <Baya tiw Ape) resnlted in senral cases;of snnstrofcc but'it is satisfaetoty to atote that 'at present it is not antiripated tlut fatal "results will supervene in any instance. All the sufferers are at present in tbe Melbourne Hospital, where they axe receiving every, attention and care. The following ore the particnlars : — A twy named Fredfc. Hodgkinson was found lying inesnsible in Spencer etxeet, near the railway station; and William Edward Bain, aged nine years, residing in Ballarat street, Carl ton, was brought to toe hospital by his mother in a similar condition. Both hare recovered con- scionaneae, and are progressing favorably. Robert Parker, aged twenty-one years, was admitted last iflghc in a semi-ineane condition, bnt under treat- meat be gradually became xajmand more seosibie. He was in tbe employ of MrCameron, baker, of "Victoria street, Carlton, and had been driving.- about in the soii all day. Great conatenKtion has been occasioned here (wiilet the Mriton correspondent of the T ekgrapk) . by nearly every dog having been poisoned in Mdtoo. Late on Wednesday nigbt a horseman was seen suspbionsly riding up and down the varions otieets, and on Thursday morning dogs which had jost been let out of their kminels were seen to pick up tbe " baits," and shortly after wards expire. Snbseqnentiy pieces of poisoned mntton were found In toe main street, so that it is "s marvel some of the little children were not poi soned also. Some very valuable greyhounds were destroyed. Their owner offers £25 reward for in formation which may lead to the conviclipn of the offender. An equally valuable Newfoundland dog was fonnd dying, and toe chndren be hod been in toe habit of so faitofolly protecting were fonnd playing around him in his dying agonies. The perpetrator of tola dastardly ofEmme will, it is to be hoped, fo speedily brongfae to jnstica. As it has been stated in woine qnarten (writes toe Acs) that his Enxdlem? toe Uovemor has re ceived a lengthy despateh hy. toe last mail relative to tbe crisis, it maybe as well to state that the Governor neither received nor expected by toe mail any farther despatches on the subject. The only document relating to tbe crisis tost has been received is toe telram from the Becretaiy of- State for the colome tbe tenor of whirit has already been published. Ie Aryst regrets to learn that a further exami nation of the Geelong district reveals toe un pleasant fact that the ravages of the vine scoorge are moreoztenaive than was at first snnnised. It was hoped that the destmction of toe four vine yards first attacked— viz., Mr C. Wyatt'a Frog- more nursery, Mr Ball's, Messrs King and Son's, and Mr Dietririi's — would have stomped out toe soonrge; but, nnfortunstely, the examination since made by Mr A. R WslJis, seerelary for agncuftnre, shows that toe pbylioxera is sban- dsntly evident at Bir Dardri's "vineraxd at Bates- ford, from whence they have apparently sprritd to toe Deighboring vineyards bri-xnglngto UrEmbling and Mr Deppeler. Two vintyarda imetvening between that of Mesaxa - King and S-.n aud ;,7r Oardel's have escaped. ' The pliylloxera have also been uimxpectcdly discovered in what is known a, the Company's vineyard, a large property on the opposite side of the Barwou Hirer to the Frsmoro nuraeiy. where it is -believed toe plague wr-s origlnrily developed, and separaic.1 frum it ot only .by xbe lira-, but by a range of hills,' No rtiort has yet been made to the -Jovernmect Te- speuting tbe propnety of destroying ihese line- yards, but the inspee!ion"'".of .'other propriik-s is bring systematically carried on," iu oxdcr b; define tlie exact limits ri.the iofectilLt.-ict. 