THE LATE FIRES IN NIRRANDA AND NULLAWARRE. There is another chapter of accidents from our Nirranda correspondent anent fires. He says:—"It would be useless plaguing you with details, but it will be quite sufficient to furnish you with a list of unfortunates whose homesteads were completely swept with a fire of immense magnitude last Monday afternoon and evening, in Nullawarre and Nirranda. It was not so bad during day- light, but from 6 p.m. until midnight a very strong north wind, drove a bush-fire before it with fearful velocity, which had an all consuming power—A. and J. Aberline, Jas. Burleigh, John Burleigh, Michael Brad- ley, Samuel Brown, C. Brooker, J. D. Burnie, Robert Crain, R. Carmody, James and William Francis, William Gavan, Thos. Frazer, George Henry, Owen Gibbons, Patrick Haydon, James M'Lure and sons, Bobert M'Ghie, J. M'Ginnis, Hickey Bros., Peter Matthieson, James Morgan, Wm. Nayler and sons, Wm. Pyke, Chas. Trew, Michael Toohey, George John Wilson, Ed- ward White, Oliver Wallace. Only that Mr. Charles Bruford, head teacher of the Nullawarre State school, had his wits about him, and dismissed the children at noon, with strong injunctions to run home quickly, the consequences would have been fearful to contemplate, as from the severity of the fire in his locality, among the heavy forest country, most of the little ones, if they had even delayed an hour or so, would have surely perished. The school buildings were encircled with a complete zone of fire, and it was only by uninterrupted exertions, and copiously deluging the walls of the buildings with water, that the head teacher saved them. The new fence is much damaged, but this is nothing more than can be ex- pected, considering the carelessness dis- played by the Department in putting up an expensive fence under a lot of great trees. Mr G. Henry, at the adjoining saw mills, lost nearly everything, and great sympathy is felt for that gentleman. Mr James Burleigh, who lost so much last year, endured a very heavy loss in log fencing again this year, as did also Mr Pyke. Messrs T. Wilson, James Thwaites, and P. Haydon were not so severely punished as others, but this was owing to the nature of their fences. Messrs Jas. Francis' and Cornelius Hickey's losses are considerable. The latter lost a splendid stack of grain, though great efforts were put forth to save it. Thousands of pounds would not meet the losses and desti- tution which have overtaken the poor people. The whole country side now presents a very nearly similar aspect to that which it did previous to the operation of the Land Act Of 1865. Excepting the houses, although some of these were destroyed, all traces of human industry have been oblite- rated over an immense area in Laang, Tal- langatta, Nullawarre, Nirranda, and Narra- waturk ; the roads and tracks hitherto in use are almost impassable with fallen timber and other debris. It seems as if an enormous black veil had been dropped over the land- scape, before so cheerful: now nothing can be seen but forlorn mobs of cattle and horses wandering about everywhere in search of a mouthful, which it is nearly impossible to obtain without travelling great distances. Innumerable hosts of those birds of ill-omen, the black crows, cawing restlessly among the branches of the blasted eucalypti, eyeing hungrily dainty morsels of rabbits, hares, and the lesser marsupials lying half-roasted or expiring in agony. Occasionally a green lead is to be met with in riding through the bush, but the sight of so refreshing an oasis is very rare. Considerable anxiety was at one time felt as to the safety of Messrs Francis' and Brookers' families, approach to their dwellings being for some time impos- sible, but fortunately no loss of life oc- curred, though everything else was lost. Travelling through the bush since the late fire is frequently accomplished under con- siderable difficulty and danger; the falling of huge trees, crashing of branches, etc., tend to expedite the speed of the wayfarer every now and then. — Warrnambool Guar- dian. 