SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Monday. : The City Council meeting to-day dis cussed Mr Clart's -report of the drainage of Adelaide. Colonel Scratchely has arrived to prepare plans for the projected fortifications. He is waiting an interview with the Governor. The North Adelaide Cricket club, in a- match for the Cup, scored 32S for the loss of eight wickets. Tbe Suez Mail. — The R.M.S.S. Taujore, with the European and Indian mails, arrived at King George's Sound at G o'clock on Sun day morning, being two days before contract time. She left the Sound at4 p.m. the same day, and may be expected to arrive in Hob- j son's Bay next Sunday evening. a The Late Mb Walter Butler. — There was soaroely a less obtrusive man in the Go vernment service than the late Walter Butler, warden and police-magistrate. There was certainly not one who performed more work in these capacities, mental or physical, or who went through more hardships, when travelling on horseback through the highlands of the colony was literally a matter of lite or death. Mr Butler was born in the Queen's County, Ireland ; or rather hailed from that County, he having been born while his parents were in one of the British possessions, his father being an officer in the army. Like his friend Robert O'Hara Burke, with the adventurous spirit which so often dis tinguishes Ms countrymen, he left the old country at an early age for military service ; Burke entering the Austrian service, and But ler proceeding, as a mere lad, to the Cape of Good Hope, where the Kaffir war was then being waged, and being a man of family and some influence, obtaining a commission in a colonial corps of irregular cavalry. The war being concluded and the gold discoveries hav ing been, in the meantime, made in Australia, he found his way to Victoria, where he was for a few months employed in the Custom house ; but at his own urgent request received a more stirring employment as warden's clerk on the goidfield3, being stationed for some few year3 at Beechworth. Here Ms at tention to his business and the great faculty he possessed for condensation in the despatches of the department, besides his having been sent here, as it were, on pro- bation for further promotion, he obtained the office of warden, and for a long time was celebrated in that capacity, not only for the judicial correctness and impartiality of his decisions, but by bis more than willingness to undertake tho roughest work, which as a matter of course was consequent upon tho duties of a warden in those wild days. And here also Ms experience as a horseman amongst the loose stone-walls of Ms native county, and again in the bush of South Africa, proved of no little service to him on the plains and in the scrub of Victoria. Successive Govern ments were not slow to take advantage of this specialty, and whenever arduous bush work was to be done ; whenever a new diggings in the wilds of the colony had to be reported on, or whenever a camp had to be formed, Walter Butler was sent for, and, hot wind or snow storm, was in the saddle witMn a few hours. Iu this way he has been over the mountains to the Orneo, to Wood's Point, to Jamie3on, to Grant, and having made innumerable narrow things oi it in boring through scrub and crossing mountain streams, escaped one season only by a miracle through the snow drifts about Mount Feathertop. And this was ouo of our bloated aristocrats — Ms work never allowed him to get over about ten stone in weight— one of those "curied darlings" who fear not work or death, but die at last miserably through physical exhaustion and undeserved neglect; for, humanly speaking, there can be no doubt that his death was accelerated by the shock to" a system already enfeebled by hard work, exposure, aud hard ship. We ourselves can speak of him as a magistrate, as a companion, and as a friend, and as some one nearly 3aid upon a different occasion, we have lived with him, eaten with Mm, drank with him, quarrelled with him, and always found him as truthful and trusty as ones own right hand. They toll us that he was entitled to compensation. Of course he was, and his widow must have it if there remain any law or justice in the land. But there is something else which is a natural consequence of the reckless cruelty which marked him as its first victim, and that is retribution. The deceased, who died at the Port Philip Club, was buried on Sunday in tho Melbourne Cemetery, the pall-bearers being Judge Haokett, Messrs Farran, Wm. Telford, and Wilmot. The Dean of Mel- bourneperformedthefuneralservice. Amongst those who attended to pay their last respects to the dead, were Mr E. Barker, clerk of the Legislative Assembly; Hon. R. D. Reid, M.L.C. ; Messrs Akehurst, Ogier, McLoughliu, Armstrong, E. T. Barnard, P. Hanna, J. J. Tucker, D. McLeod, Essendon King, A. Pear son, F. J. Marsden, Drs Dempster and Hutchinson, and the Ven. Archdeacon Tucker. EcLirsE of the Sun —One of the largest eclipses of the sun that has happened, or will happen here for many years takes place on the afternoon of February 2. At Melbourne the eclipse will begin at lm. 16s. past 6, and the greatest obscuration of tbe sun will take place at 4m. past 7, when the two bodies will be a little more than a degree above the horizon. This phrase, therefore may be viewed without any artificial protection of the eyes, as at this altitude the sun's bright ness is very much diminished by the thick stratum of atmosphere through which his rays have to pass. The part of the sun's limb where the eclipse commences is situated at 67deg. to the left of the sun's lowest point, that is, just one-third of the distance from the left-hand edge to the lowest point. At the time of greatest eclipse ten-elevenths of the sun's diameter will be covered. This eclipse will be visible over the whole of Australia, with the exception of that part of the eastern coast commencing at 30deg. south latitude, and ending at the north-eastern part of the Gulf of Carpentaria. In the south of Tasmania the eclipse will be central, and, speaking generally, the eclipse will diminish in magnitude as we proceed north of Mel bourne, and increase as we approach Tas mania. Hon. J. A. Wallace and Mr Monro. — It has often been said that the cause which descends to abuse must necessarliy be a weak one, and if so the Ministerialists must be in bad way, a3 every one of the speeches de livered during the recess have bristled with vituperation and slander. So long as they are content to level their pointless shafts at men in their public capacity, well, but when they descend to gross personal abuse, and slander men who are in every respect their superiors, it is time. to. take some note of it. With them coarseness is mistaken for wit, and he is the best man who can throw the most dirt and indulge in the most extrava gant rant. On Thursday last that delectable specimen of a politician, Mr Jas. Munro, mounted the stump in Carlton and, in the course of his address, is reported to have spoken as follows : — "TheLords here claimed to be greater than the Lords at home. The home lords were real lords; ours were shoddy lords One of the shoddy lords said the Assembly had become so extravagant' that the Council must limit them to a fixed amount. , Tbis person was caught up at Beechworth, and he never wore a coat in his life until ' be got into the Council. The common remark in the district was that he used to run abcut like % wild man, in a striped shirt. (A voice.—" He kept a public- house ") No doubt, and got some of the drunken fellows to lend him a jumper." This coarse personal abuse, we are told, was received with applause and laughter by a crowded audience of free and independent electors, who evidently seemed to enjoy this style ot oratory. Of course, the speaker- alluded to is the Hon. J. A. Wallace, and, from a personal acquaintance with that gentleman ior many years, we can positively stigmatise the language as false, blackguardly, and such as no one having the slightest pretences to be called a man would condescend t'o make use of: Mr Wallace has been connected with the North-Eastern district for upwards of 25 years, during which time he has acted as a straightforward, honest man of business, who by energy, perseverance and pluck has ac cumulated a fortune which he has used modestly and for the good of his fellows. Jii all parts of this district he is respected, and never had a word of suspicion, dishonor, or wrong-doing breathed against him. Can Mr Munro, who tries so foully to caluminate Mm, say the same ? We trow not; but in future we would recommend this lialf-fledged political bantling not to crow so loud or he may suffer for it| and not to slander a gentle man whose shoes he is not fit to blacken, if Mr Wallace did wear a jumper he always paid for it, and, being liis own master, he was always in a position to select his own cos tume. The Further Dismissals. — The Govern ment Gazette published on Friday, contained . a list of further dismissals from the Civil . service, and at the same time the re-appoint- . ment of several who had previously received ; their conge. The Government had to confess i to having made a glaring mistake, and been j guilty of an illegal act in doing away at one fell swoop with all County Court Judges, police magistrates, and coroners, and conse quently the Orders in Council, dispensing with all these, have been cancelled, and fresh orders issued, which provide for the retention of three County Court Judges and Chairmen rvP n-pnprnl Spssinna. and thn samp number of police magistrates. Of the former, those re instated are their Honors Judges Cope, Rogers, and S. Hi Biudon, and of the latter, Messrs John Holmes, Panton, and Foster, the remaining 32 being left out in the cold. What duty will devolve upon these gentlemen is hard to say, but at any rate they will have their work to do. All coroners and deputy, coroners, numbering 53, are removed, and they include Dr Dobbyn, Beechworth; Mr T. E. Lumley, Bright ; Dr Nicholson, Be- nalla ; Mr B. J. Bartley, Chiltern ; Dr Miller, Wangaratta, and Dr Mueller, Yackan- dandah. Fourteen have been sacked in the Treasury Department, including Mr R. Gude- mann, the head accountant, and one of the best men in the service. In the Education branch, 19 dismissals are gazetted, and here it is notoriously apparent that the best men are sent away. The list comprises Mr Venables, the secretary, a man whose place it will be probable not easy to fill ; Mr Handfield, chief clerk, and Mr G. Wilson Brown, chief in spector of schools, all of whom are old, tried, and valued servants. Seven are sacked from the Railways, and one mote from the Mel bourne Water Supply. Altogether the Go vernment have made a nice little job of it. and ought to bo proud of the evil they have wrought. It is said, however, that more are to follow. The Tubal Cain. — A correspondent, writ ing to us a short time since from Myrtleford, relative to tbe destruction of the Tubal Cain crushing mill and plant which had been ori ginally one of the most < xpensive and best in ibe district, stated inadvertently evidently not knowing the circumstances of this once cele brated claim, that the men, owing to the fire, were thrown out of employment. Our cor respondent— a valued one — not knowing the wild, mountainous district in which the claim is situated, nor being made distinctly aware of the absolute facts, made the very natural mistake about the men, as the claim has not been at work for some 3'ears, although the plant was kept ou the ground. In justice to our correspondent, we must, however, say that he almost immediately found out his mistake, which escaped us in this office, and wrote to inform U3 of the same. The real facts of the case are this, which are well worthy of note, in more particulars than one : — The Tubal Cain reef was discovered some years ago near the bottom of one of the Bowman's Forest spurs, but on the eastern fall towards Circular Creek. This was the time of companies, and the thing was so good that a private com pany was formed and tho reef laid the foun dation of some men's after fortunes. The best plant procurable was obtained and taken to the spot at great trouble and expense. Mr James Oiemens was one of the first managers and had a very good opinion of the claim, bnt when the direction fell partly into Bal- larat hands there was a manager named Stephens appointed. We only speak from memory, but we shall not be very far out when we say that the gold ran down the reef with the slope of the range in a single streak, aud this was all taken out in the first instance and crushed. There being a consider able underlie towards the east a shaft was then commenced within reach of the engine, which was calculated to Btrike the reef at, say 400ft. When the gold gave out this was abandoned, and the first " foreign" manager left or received his conge, we forget which. Mr Miner then came, aud we remember per fectly well that, although a working miner himself, some of the men employed in the mine objected to him as he wore a " belltopper" in Beechworth. Mr Miner, after examining the mine, immediately pronounced that " the eyes had been taken out of it" — just the same as if 820 acres of land were taken up with a spring of water in its centre and not another drop within ten miles. Well, the whole of that reef, 8ft. wide at the bottom if it is an inch, remains for some future ex plorer. But the real facts of the burning are these. The plant was originally very perfect. Engine, boiler, stampers, all had remained, say for six or seven years, where they were erected. Mr G. Lord was for some time left in charge of the machinery ; bnt at last it was lefrto take care of itself amidst the tali grass of the ranges, the cnt-down logs lying about and the now combustible timber in which it was built and embedded, and without a house or a person within five miles. Well, a bush- fire creeps down from Sutton, heads Gircnlar Creek, comes round the Tubal Cain spur, and seizes on that solitary piece of machinery buried in firewood and left to take care of itself. Liko the contents of a furnace, it all goes down, and nothing remains but ashes and half-molten iron. As to the insurance we know nothing. The West Melbourne Election. — Great excitement is being caused in Melbourne, in the coming contest between the Hon. J. G.. Francis and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and both parties are working hard to secure a victory. There can be little doubt in the minds of intelligent men, who seek their country's weal, which is the better man, as Mr Francis has proved himself an able statesman, an honest citizen, and a man of liberal views; whilst the utterances of the other, which is all we can go upon, show him to be a revolu tionist of the most prominent type, and one whose spoken opinions, if carried into effect, would produce both confusion and anarchy. Still the contest is likely to be a keen one in the present demoralised condition of society, though for the sake of law and order, and for their own credit, we trust the electors will not oe rooiisn enongn to reject a tried man, who in times of difficulty stood at the helm, and guided the ship in safety. It would be an eternal disgrace were he to be left cut in the cold, though it is evident the Ministerial party will stop at nothing to effect such an undesirable result. Yacicandandaii Police Court. — On Fri day last, before Messrs A. Galbraith and D. Mongan, J.P.'s, the following cases were dealt with : — D. Robinson v M. Maher; claim £4 16s S-Jd, goods. No appearance of de fendant Verdict for amount, with os costs, to be paid in three weeks. Wm. Steele v John Hills; illegally detaining property. No appearance of defendant. Wm. Steele de posed that he sold defendant 40 bags of oats, on condition that the bags should be returned in a month; found the bags offered were not the same as given; they were not serviceable. Defendant to return 41 bags within 8 days, or pay 41s, with 2s 6d costs. Wm. Dicksou v Mrs Poium; claim £ 5 , goods. No appearance or defendant verdict for amonut, with 2s 6d costs, in default distress. John Bowran v Thomson Blair; claim 15s 5d, goods. No ap pearance of defendant. Verdict for amount ami costs. Beechworth Training Institute.— We are pleased to record that Miss Brodrich, of Reid's Creek, aud Miss McDonogb, of Beech worth, pupils in training at the Beechworth State School, have passed the examinations for the second year's course, and have in structions to proceed to Melbourne to study under Mr Gladman, the superintendent of the Central Training Institution. These young ladies wall be boarded at the expense of the department, and at the end of their second year's course will be considered eligi ble for any of the appointments giveu to ladies in State schools. While recording this, we might mention that Miss Newton, of Stanley, also a late student in training at the Beechworth State School, has satisfactorily completed her second course of training at the Central Institute. . Mr R. Scott, M. A.— This gentleman, whi. for several years was head master of the Beechworth Academy in Loeh-street, snj subsequently second master in the new State school, bas commenced duty in his new sphere as head master of the Wangaratta State school, and, from his well-known scholastic ability and experience, will doubtless give satisfaction both to parents and pupils. The Frenchman's Reef. — One of the reefs which promised so well in the immediate neighborhood of Beechworth some years ago, and which was certain to he worked at some future time, has lately met with a mishap. The claim, which is situated on the Six Mile, was called the Frenchman's, from the nation of the discoverer ; and the prospects were so good that Mr A. K. Sheppard, lately manager of the Bans of Victoria in Beechworth, pur. chased a large share, and an engine was put up ou the ground. The reef, however, ran out, and it was not considered advisable to follow it out for the present, but the boiler and engine were left on the ground. Last week during the bush fires raging in the neighbor hood, the sheds aud wood work were entirely consumed, but the machinery escaped any serious damage. - The Furniture Sale, Wangaratta —Mr A. Tone reports a fair attendance at Mr A, J. Smith's sale on Saturday last. The furniture and effects brought good auction prices, but time would Dot admit of submitting the whole of the enects ine oaiance, consisting or books, shrubs, birds, flowers, crockery, and glassware, will be submitted on Wednesday, the 30th inst., at which time the hank furni ture will be sold. Trotting Match. — A match for £25 a side has been made between the trotters Lady Boon and Creamy, twice round the Wan garatta course. Eleven stone up. The trot takes place at 4 p.m. on Thursday, 31st January. Postponement of Local Land Boards.— The appointment of local land boards at Omeo and Rutherglen during the month of Feb ruary, have been cancelled, and the boards appointed to he held at the undermentioned places daring the same month have been postponed, pending further arrangements Beechworth, Bright, Ohiltern, Tallangatta, Tarrawingee, Wodonga, and Yackandandah. Mr P. J. B. Clinch. — This gentleman whose name is included in the list of those dismissed, leaves Beechworth this week, and we are in formed that it is his intention to commence business in Melbourne, at once, as a civil engineer, (for Which he holds an English diploma) surveyor, and land agent. During the time he held the appointment of district surveyor in these districts, he proved his worth, and by his general ability, courtesy and uniform impartiality won both esteem and confidence. As a citizen he ever joined in every public movement which was calculated to advance the public good, and always at tended to duty. Mr Clinch is thoroughly well versed in his profession, and having served under Government as district surveyor at Geelong, Warrnambool and Castlemaine, be sides being intimately acquainted with other parts of the colony, he should do well. We cordially sympathise with him in his uncalled for dismissal, no fault ever having been found with him, and wish him every success when ever his lot may be cast. New Wellington Gold and Tin Mining Company, El Dorado. — There is nothing de finite to state in reference to this mine, but that tho drive south is progressing very satis factorily, having been driven about 260 feet since the meeting for the increase of capital. The shaft known as the South Wellington Shaft has been sounded, aud its depth found to correspond with the New Wellington 'levels, but as there was 27 feet of water in it, it was, considered doubtful if it was worth while to bale it out. MrLemin, the mining manager, thinks that if they first strike the wash-dirt he can then siuk a shaft at a trifling exaensb,- driving about ISO feet to south of the shaft, aud can therefore have the mine properly ventilated without the delay that would otherwise ensue. There is no reasou to doubt that the lead is south, although some persons are of opinion that it is north. The directors hope that ere many days they will have a favourable report to make to the shareholders. Testimonial to the Late Mr Walter Butler. — It is a melancholy thing to have to state that the testimonial which was being got up by some of Mr Butler's friends a3 some recognition of his many and arduous services as a police magistrate, a warden, and a citizen of this district, can never be received by him. Let us hope that previous to his death he was aware, worn as he was in bodily health and prostrated in mind by the terrible calamity which met him one morning, in the shape of his dismissal from Her Majesty's service by a red republican government — let us hope that he had the consolation to know that his old friends in this district had for gotten neither himself nor his services. We may mention that the testimonial, which was being got up before his lamented death, will still be proceeded with, and Mr Daniell, manager of the Bank of Victoria, will receive all subscriptions, which will be then forwarded to the late gentleman's representative. Lands. — The following applications for licenses in these districts having beeu either withdrawn or refused, the lands will be thrown open for selection on 8th February proximo, at 9 a.m. : — Wm. Watson, 40a, Wagra ; Thomas Paton, 31a, Yabba ; both in district of Benambra. Edward Telford, 202a 2r 2p, Shepparton ; Edward Fitzgerald, 193a Or 19p, Camaribo ; aud James Henry Fergu son, 320a, Cobram; all of the district of Moira. The land of George Bugbird — 12a 3r 21p, Benalla— -the license having expired, will also be thrown open for selection at same time. A few applicants for grants under sections 20 and 40, and a great number of new licenses under the 49th section, have also been approved, for which see last Friday's Gazette. _ . ' Auction Sales, — On Wednesday, Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. will sell, at their yards, Beechworth, 160 head fat- cattle, 500 fat wethers, and 160 fat lambs. On the same day, they will offer the crushing machinery, water, race, &c.;, together with all the right, title, and interest of the directors of the com pany, in and to the Pride and Stringer reefs. On the same day they will offer by instruc tions from Mr R. Pitcairn his well-known buggy and saddle horses, Dorritt and Possum, well matched in color, size and pace, very fast and SGund ; an imported Americau buggy pole, double harness, gentlemen's saddles and bridles, &c;, On Saturday, the firm will sell, fer the Beech worth Racing Club, for the annual race meet ing, six publicans' booths, Cricket Club pavilion, gate, grand stand, saddling paddock, fruit stalls, and sites for games. It is intimated that the charge for admission to the course will be one shilling each person, which can now be legally enforced. The Beechwotth Pounds Meeting To night.— It is scarcely necessary to remind persons interested in the Pounds, that a pub lic meeting is called for to- night, to be held at Ellen's British Hotel, Three-mile, to dis cuss the subject. Indeed, instead of remind ing people to be present it should be rather our place to counsel the wise ones amongst them to restrain the exuberant feelings which are likely to prevail. It is neither necessary to commence with prayer, as was irreverently proposed at Bowman's Forest, nor to wind up with ill feeling. Surely fair and honest men can discuss such a question on its merits without ill nature or vituperation. Run Abandoned. — By a notice in last Fri days Gazette, the run " Laceby," is declared to have been abandoned since 30th June last. Mining at Chiltern. — The New Year's Gift Gold Mining Company, Chiltern, for the seventh crashing, gave 52ozs lSdwts 6gr of gold, which was sold to the Bank of Austral asia on Saturday, at £4 2s per ounce. Mb John Fletcher's Books, &o.; — Adver tisements are frequently noticed in news papers as a mere matter of business. It is therefore refreshing when, as is sometimes happily the case, we can heartily recommend am advertisement to our readers. Ever since Mr John Fletcher established himself as a bookseller in Beechworth we have had con stant occaBion to observe that his choice of books for scientific, practical, or general readers has been extremely good. We may also at this particular season — for Christmas in this " country of magnificent distances " is not over for three months — notice that his selection of chiidrens' books is the best we have ever seen anywhere. There is nothing tawdry about them, nothing pandering to the clap- trap of the day about the little ones ; they are genuine chiidrens' books in every respect, and selected with very great taste and judgment. Mr Fletcher's selection of music is also very good, as it suits the powers as well as the good taste of our local community. There is plenty of movement about the dance music, and very little of "Champagne Charley" about the songs. The illustrations, produced in Melbonrne, on the covers of some of the pieces are surprisingly artistic in design, and good in execution. Mr Fletcher has also a great number of really well selected annuals, toys, &c.;, and in these degenerate days it is quite a treat to visit his shop. The New Carrying Regulation. — We have hitherto regarded Mr Woods as a practical man, and a very capable railway manager, apart from his political proclivities, but within the last few days he has issued a circular, remarkable only for its injustice and arbitrari ness. Hitherto nnder the Carriers Act, by which even the Railway- Department is bound, all goods consigned to them mast be delivered to the consignee in the same order and condition in which they are handed over by the consignor, and the carriers are responsible for any loss or damage which may be caused by neglect care lessness or other default. But Mr Woods has seen fit to ignore this old estab lished law, and lias issued the following note : — " The goods entered on this consign ment note are carried at the sole risk of the consignor or owner, and the Board of Land and Works will nit be responsible for any loss, accident, or damage of any kind, under any circumstances whatsoever, either on or oil the railway, occurring to such goods. The signature of the sender or his servant hereto, is hereby understood and agreed to operate as a complete release to the Board from any claim on account of the consignment referred te herein." If the consignor refuses to sign this he, or rather tlie consignee — for 'tis he who will have to suffer— is compelled to pay 25 per cent, extra on the amount of the freight. The question has been raised as to whether the Minister of Railways has power thus to over-ride an Act already in existence, and we question whether he has the power were it tried at law. However, if he has, as matters stand, any up country tradesman, unless he choses to pay the extra 25 per cent., has no guarantee that his goods will be safely delivered, and has to risk any damage that may be done in transitu; per haps to the utier ruin of his goods be they of a perishable nature. Such a regnlation is most UDjnst, and should at once be rectified, otherwise serious consequences must ensue. Blood Stock. — OnFridaj-, Mr A. Tone, at Wangaratta, offered for sale two thorough bred colts, the property of the Messrs Docker — viz., Mutus, by The Mute — Wee Pet; and Antelope, by The Mute — Gazelle, but there were no buyers, and the animals were passed in. An English Jockey. — During the year 1877, F. Archer, the celebrated English j ockey, had no less than 600 mounts, and 218 of these were winning ones. The income of this accomplished young professional is said to be over £10,000 a-year. Deputy Registrar of Births and Deaths. — Mrs E. A. Thompson has been appointed to this office for the Allan's Flat district, Yackandandah, vice J. Moore, resigned. Electoral Registrar. — Mr Colin Gardner has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the Wangaratta division of the Moira electorate. Mining Registrar.— Mr David H. Gilmore has been appointed to act in this capacity for the Mitta Mitta Sontli division of the Beech worth mining district. Chief Inspector of Distilleries. — The Governor-in-Council has appointed Mr George Heath, one of the inspectors of distilleries, to be Chief Inspector of Distilleries (acting), vice Mr L. A. Moody, reduced, to take effect from the 9th January, inclusively. Beechworth Mining District. — Mr R. MoNiece has been appointed returning officer for the mining district of Beechworth, vice Mr R. Pitcairn. School Board of Advice. — Mr Alexander Lang has been appointed a member of the School Board for the Central riding of the Oxley Shire. Farming Properties. — Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. have instractions to sell by private contract two well-known valuable farms at Greta, The first is known as Ainge's, and comprising 994 acres rich agricultural and grazing land, 290 of which have been cleared, and the second Murdoch's farm, including 619 acres situated 2A miles from the Greta township, all enclosed and permanently watered, whilst the improvements are sub stantial and good. The Great Southern Railway. — The successful tenderers for the line from Wagga io Albury, are Cornwall Mixner, and Co.> ef Melbourne, not Cornwall Mercer and Co.j as stated in our telegrams last Thursday! Political. — The Hon. James Service's Speech at Maldon, on Wednesday (to-morrow) night, is looked forward to with great interest, as he has not yet declared himself in the situation. Whorouly Races. — A meeting of the sub scribers to these races is announced to he held at the Whorouly Hotel on Thursday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The Com mittee of Management of the Ovens Benevo= lent Asylum met at the Board-room yester day evening, and after transacting the ordinary business accepted the following ten ders for supplies for the ensuing twelve months, viz. : — Bread, W. Trim, 1 7-16d per lb ; Meat, J. Warner, 2id and 2Jd per lb ; Flour, J. Younger, lis Sjd per 100 lbs; Groceries, S. Shaw ; Butter and Eggs, J. Younger ; Milk, C. Mummery, 2d per quart ; Potatoes, J. Younger, 5s lid per cwt ; Drags, G. Gammon ; Spirits and Beer, R. Taylor ; Funerals, Greig and Wilson Boots and Shoes, W. Datson ; Drapery, G. P. Master- man ; Bedding, D. Fiddes. Wangaratta Police Court.— OnMonday, before Mr H. S. Parfitt and Wm. Bickerton, J.P.'s, Wm. Egan was charged with forgery and uttering. Mr A. B. Smith applied for a remand in two cases. Remanded until Mondav next. North Ovens Shire v Edward Lemin; claim 5s for rates. Order for amount. North Ovens Shire v Maurice Connors ; claim 19s for rates. Order for amount. Edward Minalian v Chong Tye ; for use and occupation of certain land. Mr Langtree for plaintiff ; Mr Norton for defendant. Case dismissed, with costs £1 Is. David Glenny v Wm. Stearn ; for illegally detaining 100 sheep. Mr Norton appeared for the plaintiff, and after the evidence was taken, said he would give notice for the Bench to state a case. Potatoes. — The Government call for ten ders for the supply of potatoes for Her Ma jesty's Gaol, at Beechworth, to be sent in by Tuesday next. Full particulars can be ob tained from the Governor, Mr C. G. Thomp- en. 5 'j ''j' j v v i The Ministerial Programme. — Our out, spoken contemporary, the Daily Telegragh- thus|summarie the Berry programmejso taken from the 'spoken utterance of several of its chief supporters who are supporedly conver. sant with what goes on behiid the scenes, and there is much Jtruth in what it ad vances : — 1. The confiscation of private pro perty. Vide Mr Lalor's speech at Ararat. — 2\. The demolition of the intercolonial trade of Victoria. Ditto — 3. The sweeping of the Legislative Council off the face of the earth. Vide Mr Clark's speech at Williamstown. — 4\. The government |of the country by one Chamber only. Vide Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's adilress. — 5. The equalisation of all incomes. FideJJMr Patterson's speech at Castlemaine — 6\. Seperation from themother country. Vide Mr Berry's speech at Geelong. North Ovens Shire Council. — It is noti fied that this Council intend to strike a rate of one shilling in the pound, on all rateable property within the Shire, on Monday next. The Y.R.C. St. Leger. — " Augur" says : — " The Y.R.C. St. Leger will probably be re duced to a match between First King and Chester, for it is not at all likely that any owner will have the temerity to oppose these two cracks, unless it should happen that one or the other is a trifle off. There are some who imagine that up to two miles Chester is quite equal to the St. Albans crack ; but though I'm always ready to admit the wonder ful excellence of Mr White's colt, I cannot forget that First King had the Champion Race won a mile from home, and that Chester never really had him at his top, except for a few strides, when the King drew away with an al most imperceptible effort. That Chester was well nobody can gainsay, and Mr De Mestre considered him good enough to beat the time of Pride of the Hills and Richmond by several seconds, which circumstance was conclusive proof of the confidence of the colt's trainer. I cannot therefore coincide with the view taken by those who believe Chester is capable of dethroning the King over any course under two miles. The St. Leger is more than 300 yards short of that distance, and I daresay we shall see a great race between the two great gnus, though I'm firm in the belief that if First King is as well as he was on the first day of the year he will again haul down Ches ter's flag, not quite so easily as he did in the Champion Race, but sufficiently so to prove his superiority. Tho result may in a great measure depend upon the pace, for if only the two start Chester will certainly not make the running, and as the race would cot perhaps be a true-run one, it is possible that he might beat First King for speed at the finish ; yet I have an idea that the latter is good enough to make his running all the way and beat the New South Wales crack. Whichever way it goes, the contest will create a good deal of ex citement, for it is seldom that two such super- excellent animals meet in a race. Dismissed. — Alluding to the fact that others than the " curled darlings" have been sacrificed on the shrine of £300 a year, the Daily Telegraph writes ; — The following is one illustration, the particulars of which are literally true : — A had been in his department for twelve years. By special aptitude and application he had risen to the head of the hi'Anfth in whieli hfl was nlaced. Thrnnt»h his long experience ho discharged the duties of his office with an efficiency which no other officer, wanting that experience, can supply. His salary, after his twelve years' service, was £275 a year. He is about forty years of age, is married, and has six souls absolutely de pending upon his monthly salary for their subsistence. Two out of the six are invalids, who for years have required medical comforts. On going to his work one morning he found on his desk a letter telling him that his services had been dispensed with on the previous day. He put on his coat and walked back home, a ruined man ; because not being a classified officer, he was not entitled to a shilling compensation. Ho lived in a six- ' roomed cottage in one of the suburbs, and owing to the sickness in hi3 family, kept a girl, who was paid 7s a week. That gentle man—if the "Liberals" will permit ns to apply the term to him — has sold a portion of his furniture, and has removed his family to a two-roomed building. He has sent home his servant-girl, and the two sick members of his family are destitute of what to them are very literally indeed the necessaries of lifs. So much for the result of this one dismissal to this individual family. The results to the community may be enumerated as — 1. A six- roomed house standing empty. 2. A girl's wages lost. 3. An expenditure of over £20 a month amongst the local tradesmen loBt. 4. A hoy fourteen years of age taken from a State school, and added to the innumerable appli cants for junior clerkship, etc. 5. Another competitor added to the unemployed adults of the city. Customs Revenue. — The collections at the Albury Custom house for the past week amount to £414 lis 8d. Wool Exports fob 1877. — During the year 1877, 5,841,S14 lbs weight of wool, valued at £30S,196, crossed the Union bridge, Albury, into Victoria. The Russian Loss — The total loss sus tained by the Russian armies in the field up to the 2lst of November is stated to have been 71,705 men. The Cologne Gazette says that according to information from Moscow the Russian losses include 14 generals, 1 Imperial prince, 4 princes of the house of Rurik, 1 Persian prince, 6 Russian princes, 12 Grus- inian princes, 16 counts, and 21 barons. Abbest of a Supposed Mubdeber. — The police have arrested a man at Graytown named Ferguson on suspicion of being concerned in the murder of two hawkers which took place at Pleasant Greek in 1863. Mr Ferguson has resided some years at Graytown, and is well- known in that district. The names of the murdered men were Wm. Selby and John Bennett, and the circumstances of the crime were described in the Police Gazette of 12th November, 1S63, as follows : — " Wm. Selby and John Bennett, hawkers, having left Stawell on 16th October with a large amount of jewellery and general goods for sale in the hush, were discovered on the 6th inst. near Mr Dennis's station, on the Richardson River, tied up to a tree, and brutally murdered with some blunt instrument, probably a hammer. Selby's horse was subsequently seen in pos session of two men, who were tracked from the scene of the murder towards Navarre or St. Arnaud, avoiding all frequent routes, and having with them two light horses." Sub sequently the stolen jewellery was recovered, and a man named Charles Plant, who had been originally transported to Van Diemen's Land, was arrested on suspicion, but was dis charged. After that the suspected murderers were seen about seventy miles from Knlkyne, making towards the Darling and Adelaide. One of the men concerned in the murder was snpposed at the time to be identical with one James Payne, a discharged prisoner, who was then holding a ticket-of-leave. The first man was described as being abont thirty-five or forty years of age, five feet ten inches or five feet eleven inches high, abont twelve stone weight, with large sandy whiskers and full face, and supposed to be an Englishman. The second man was about five feet eight inches high, fair complexion, with small dark whiskers. Railway Meeting at Suepparton. — meeting of the residents of Shepparton and neighbourhood was held last week in the local court-house, the chair being occupied by Mr Alfred Leahy, for the purpose of taking into consideration the best steps necessary for the re-introduction of the Goulburn Valley Rail way Bill. There was a large attendance, up wards of 200 persons being present. On the motion of Mr \V. H.jjOram, it was resolved — " That in the opinion o this meeting the valley of the Goulburn has not been provided for in the matter of railway accommodation." The Rev. Mr M'Cutcheon moved, and it was re solved — " That in the opinion of this meeting further delay in construction and completion of the railway to this district will prove most disastrous to the welfare of its residents." It was further decided that the foregoing resolu tions be forwarded to the Chief Secretary through the members for the district. 