GREAT STRIKE IN THE IRON' TRADE. On January 31 the dispute in the iron working trades of Liverpool reached a climax, when it had been determined that a general strike should take place. The masters,- in view of the state of commerce, have decided, upon a reduction of 7k per cent., which hns been opposed by the men, and attempts at a " split the difference." by accepting a reduc tion of one-half of that proposed, thus assimilating the rate of wages 'o that in operation amongst the ironwi rkers on iho Clyde, where a compromise has been effected; The masters, however, refused to entertain the proposal, and a second offer on the part of the men to submit, the dispute to arbitra tion was also declined. The strike was then decided npon. The trades involved in it are the ironfonnders, the brass ijnishirR, tho steam-engine makers, and tlie amalgamated engineers, all of which go out. The boiler makers and iron ship-builders will take soma days to decide upon their action. The Iron fmniders' Sociei}- in Liverpool numbers 408 members ; the steam-engine makers of Liver pool and Birkenhead number 170 ; ami tho amalgamated engineers, also of Liverpool and Birkenhead, number 1,320. The most powerful trade is the boiler-makers and iron shipbuilders, whose number is nearly 2,000. Prkservixl; Graits.—It may not bo generally known that. the Chinese have a method of preserving grapes so as to have them at their command during the entire year; and a recent author gives via tho following account of the method adopted:— It consists in cutting a circular piece out of a ripe pumpkin, or gourd, making an aperture largo enough to admit the hand. Tho . interior is then completely cleaned out. tho ripe grapes are placed inside, and the cover, replaced and pressed in firmly. The pumpkins are then kept in a cool place, and . the grapes will be found to retain their fresh- , ness for a very long time. Wo are told that a very careful selection must be made of theC pumpkin, the common lield pumpkin, how ever, being well adapted for the purpose in . question. ■ ' Tm: Governor and His Ohdekly.—The • following amusing story is told In- the AU-1-! bourne correspondent of the Campcrdtnm (Ihroniclc:—Some very smart criticisms, iu;d very strange stories, are afloat a.» to the chief occupant of the Government Huuse. Yon know, just as well as I do, what an litter absence there is of ostentation of manner among the English nobilit-v, except, perhaps, in a few instances. But the Marquis of iiormanby carries the severe simplicity of hia style of living to the greatest extent, and some of our "stuck up" people hardly know what to make of it. lie is, in fact, tho plainest of plain men. His Excellency is provided with an orderly, of course, but does not think it his business to wait for his orderly, but his orderh-'s business to wait for him. Rather than have tha t state of thiols reversed, tho Marquis of Isormanby would dispense with an orderly, not thinking, perhaps, that he stands in very great need of one. Well, His Excellency, who drives in a buggy as an ordinary farmer, and not in appearance very unlike one, had occasion to drive info town one day last week, and left his orderly rrho had not had time enough for" his toilet, behind him.. This might have escaped notice, had not bis orderly been observed coining exasperated, and perspiring, on a high stepping horse, at great speed aft: r His Excellency, as he anno alony asking. " Did yoa ace the Governor?" The question was put to 0:11 of the police on Prince's Bridge, and the ans *?<;? was—" J\o, by gornt, but I seed an ould man (lbrivin' by, who had ju3t come from Gover'ment II o'ise.'*' l; That's him," said the orderly, and increased I113 EDeed. Crocodile a;;d Alligator. Leather.— These hideous and dangerous reptiles, whose presence in any country, and especially in thinly-populated lands like QuefnsJanc' and Northern AiIMralia, is anything but desirable, are beintj at last ttimed to account after death, if while living the- are worse than profitless. Their thick tou«h skins will, i; properly prepared, make excelU'Dt leather and shooting and fishing-boots, to say ];«;}ii:.g of various ornamental articles, where tiurious grain of the material is considered all addition to their novelty if not to their beauty, are being in ado from leather deiiivd from this source. The material is ver;. thick and substantial, bnt posressea cur.siut.rabie suppleness if well manufacture.! :• the laryo irregular niar?ci"tr.l give it a picu.:.;ar appear ance which at once discloses i: t-rL'in. For such articles as portmanteaux, where durability is required more than lightness or softnets, or for the driving-bands of machinery, alligator leather scen;3 well adapted ; and if a continued .--uppSy could he relird v.pon, it would no doubt find a ready market. Our friends in Australia and in New Guinea, or in Burimtb and the E-sfc India, may one da}- find a prolifpS:;- opening for tlie now worthless hides of t!:--' Monsters which ihey shoot inerelj' for spo\t, or V. hivh they are obliged to slay in self-defence. A New Way to Burx Stubelk.—The fanners of the Wimmera seem to have inven ted a peculiar method of getting rid or their stubble, preparatory to ploughing the ground for a fresh crop, or, at any rate, the plan, if not now, is one we have never before wit nessed. la many of the paddocks along the line of railway, a pair of horses may be ob served dragging behind them what appears to be a portable bush-fire. On closer inspec tion it is seen that the horses are harnessed to an iron harrov.- clogged with burning straw. The harrow gathers up all the stubble as it goe3 along, and the straw is consumed as fast-as it conies into the harrow. This mode of preparing the ground seems to an swer remarkably well in fields where tho stubble is too thin to be removed by the ordinary method of burning off. — Hamilton Spectator. Printed aud pub wh^'l b' MAC It AY and ' '0 pronrietors, at their office, Slarket-sonare Sandhurst, 