THE mail has brought us the fall reports of the debates in the two Houses of Pariiament on the motions of want of confidence in the BEACONSFIELD Government. Weeks since we were made acquainted with the results in both cases — the triumphant snccess of the Ministry. When the end is known, the means that have led up to it are of comparatively small acconnt; and yet the debates in question are of more than usoal interest to distant readers like ourselves. The occasion is one, moreover, in which the colonial dependencies of the empire are deeply concerned; for It was by no means a mere party question, involving the fate of a Ministry, bnt something more, that gave rise to the fierce discussions in the two Honses this time. The fortunes and the future of the entire empire are involved. The matter at isBue is of the very first magnitude. All minor considerations vanish and disappear here. All mere party names drop out of sight. All thought of personal interests is wholly lost. It is very true that, by a strange torn of the wheel of events, colonial Liberals of the must pronounced kind are ranged on the side of the party in England which glories in naming itself Conservative and Tory in its principles. Butthis apparent anomaly is easily explaued. The colonial policy of the British -Cabinet has really no relation to the party traditions of the old country. There, is DO such thing as a Tory policy for those vast foreign dominions which are proud to call themselves by the British name, and to acknowledge their loyalty to the throne of Queen VICTOBIA. Neither is there any Liberal policy, according to the party acceptation of the word. The relations between the mother country and her colonial children are of a nature that forbid the application of the old party principles in her treatment of them. It is a fact as broad as history itself that almost from their first foundation, and, as a general rale, the colonies have been treated the best by the Conservatives, whilst they have almost-invariably received the sorriest treatment at the hands of the Liberals in EDgtand. At this very moment, critical as.is the state of things -in Europe, and throughout the world, there *re leading men amongst the English Liberal party who clamor aloud for the severance of the connection between the old country and the colonies. They would "cut the painter" without ceremony, and without delay; and they can make aehow of reasoning infavprcrf that perfectly preposterous prqpooaL Botthe colonists themselves from Canada to Australia, take the exactly opposite stand. They are unanimous for preserving the Imperial connection intact. And well may they be so. For It is as certain'as any Iioman contingency can be, that the^aeveraoce of that connection would be the exposure of at least some parts of Her Majesty's present colonial dominion to tbe insolent 'attacks of foreign powers. It Is useless to disguise the fact that Bnssia is ever on the watch to ponncedown on any finejpieceof counby whenever she can make or ;find an excuse for doipgeo.' Over and -over again wehave pointed out iii these columns the progress of hecJiteeltbyadvance soath^ardiin the Pacific Ocean and in.Eastern Asia.. Nor, indeed, does she disguiselier designs. Lord BEACOWSFIELDJ in his;8peech in defence of his own4»licy "atthe BerGn Conference, in the. House }of : Lords,' a few weeks ieinoe, spoke with extraordinny plainness on that' point.,. He. represented .die Emperor, of Bha&M.aa;uig-r- >lItis«eqrtniB wodid i intend to injure yon as modi as *we could on your' . Indian DOrder, tut war has not occurred. War,"I tnist, w3l «ot occur between Russia and .England. We have already given '^orders for 4be troops to retire to theirold stations beyond the Oxus; ambassador shall be merely considered as a provisional ambassador on a mission of courtesy, and as soon as possible he shall return." " I think," added the Premier, "that was sufficient and satisfactory conduct on the part of Bussia in regard to this matter. But it is totally impossible for us, after all that has occurred, to leave things as they were. Afteryouhad found theBnssian armies almost in sight of Afghanistan, and their embassy within the walls of Cabnl, yon could not go on with the old system, and indulge in the fancy that your frontier was a becoming and secure frontier in the circumstances. It was, therefore, absolutely necessary to consider what course we "should take." The Russian, therefore, means conquest, whenever and wherever he can find the opportunity for prosecuting it. He means it quite as much in the Southern Pacific as in the Northern Pacific, or in Northern India, or on the confines of China, or In Central Asia. If India is not safe from bis attacks, neither would Australia be, if severed from the old land. The slightest pretext would suffice to cause him to send a war fleet from a station that is only a few days' sail from our own shores. This is the possibility "that always looms in the distance for us Australians, and it is the contingency for which we are bound to be at all times prepared. Hence arises our deep interest in the course of the Imperial policy, and hence also comes our disregard to all the parly names and traditions of the old country when thiB question is at stake. Self-protection is the first law of nations ; and on this point we must sympathise with the party that aids and encourages us to protect ourselves from the possible incursions of an unscrupulous and ravenously ambitious foreign power. It is gratifying to observe that this feeling of unbroken attachment to the mother country is stronger amongst the colonists than ever it was before. The Canadians gave noble expression to it, as we observed the other day, in the welcome they accorded to their new Uovernor-General. Here in Australia the sentiment is equally strong. And, whether we are Liberals or Conservatives, it is impossible to withhold hearty approval and assent from the sentiments as expressed by the Prime Minister, at the close of bis speech, in the great debate. " What I see in the amendment," he said, "is not an assertion of great principles, which no man honors more than myself. What is at the bottom of it is rather that principle of peace at any price which a certain party in this country upholds. It is that dangerous dogma which I believe animates the rankB before me at this moment, although many of them may be unconscious of it. That deleterious doctrine haunts the people of this country in every form. Sometimes it is a committee; sometimes it is a letter; sometimes it is an amendment to the Address; sometimes it is a proposition to stop the supplies. That doctrine has done more mischief than any I can well recall that have been afloat in this centnry. (Cheers.) It has occasioned more wars than the most ruthless conquerors. It has disturbed, and nearly destroyed, that political equilibrium so necessary to the liberties of nations and the welfare of the world." It is the very policy, here so powerfully denounced, that would sever the connection between the great old Fatherland and these colonies; and therefore all rational colonists are as strongly opposed to it as the Prime Minister of England himself. There are a few points upon which we differ from the Liberal party in England; and one of theEe is any attempt to sever these colonies from Her Majesty's dominions. THE past week in the share market has been somewhat similar to its few predecessors in regard to tbe quantity of business transacted, principally owing to the difficulty of getting stock in some mines to 6upply buyers, who now appear to be more numerous than nsual. However, a few spurts took place during the week, giving an indication -that, as at this time last year, an active business will probably be the result for the next month or two. Buyers of Black Horse shares seem to have had more confidence towards the dose of the market; and perhaps the result of the slight escape of bile, and consequent mntual understanding arrived at by the meeting on Friday, was the animation shown on the following morning, when shares rose from £5 7s to £ 5 14s in a few minutes, bnt eased slightly to £ 5 12B. That favored stock, the Parker's United, was to the fore again with numerous transactions, and had an unusual steadiness, advancing from 4s 5d at the opening of the market to 4s lid on Friday, and 5s 6d OD the following day, bat the top price could not -~be eoBtamsd and sales came back to 5s ~3d. Australasian, also, in consequence of a favorable report from the mine, had transactions from 10s to lis 6d daring the week, and continued firm. New North Clones were not so well held, and holders receded from £10 10s to £9 15s, for some reason, without leading to business. Kingston stocks, of coarse, had the best attention of investors, and in no case was an alteration shown in opening and closing prices. The Danolly mines were better treated, and all the Birthday stock were in enquiry, bat difficalt to procure. The advance in Egerton shares was not great, bat steady ; sales on Monday having tftirap place at 52a, and afterwards at 54s, and very few in the market even at that price. The value of other stocks shows no variation. The discovery of tbe new ran of wash intfae No. 2 shaft of the Band and'Albion Consols is one of the most Important items of the past week, and the yidd.of 59 ozfrom one machine of dirt .brings reminiscences of the palmy days of the good old mine with its extraordinaiy yields of gold. We trust their good lack may continue to the tribotors and shareholders, and be the meanB of keeping^ in the minds of the "pobtic-the urgency of pressing the Importance df draining the Sebastopol plateaa, for it is beyond doabt there are' plenty more reefwashes quite as rich as that lately fltnick by the Consols. The stoppage of ^he diamond drill at' the Xiooghlin'-s - Company by the interruption of ..the- .clay.-between the two rockB . is rather ' nnfortanate, bat as soon as the. necessary :tu^ng4s done m the ..bore, . operations will iie" jraumed. Qaartz .mining .in. Ballarat-East has„ been rather dull of Iate,^^^i|[odgh^e Victoria United tribators liave been as reticent "as ' usual wUh^ reapect] to >'their yields, the fact of haring^ipen Iast'-^eek^. sum ofv£l450 for the>St^John's Presbyterian manse and ground proves that they have been doing remarkably well, and fiopb to do better, in following to the soath the Indicator line - of reef - and eastern; slates, from which it is .known they have received such handsotne'dividends. : The tribute parties on BASEB'B lease on the White Horse Ranges have also had some payable_retanis latdy1 several rf tbeyields being from 8 to 15 dwtto ^te tonk Alluvial ~in ail "poitiouB of the -district is almost at a complete ^sbDpp^e for want of water, and at Elaine, Morrisons, and Gordon it is as much as the miners -can do to get, sufficient for domestic^urposes. A good fail of rain jasb how^ivbald Be the means of setting1 piddling mactiiifcfe in ^fallowing again, but it is to hoped the residents at the places mentioned will, before another summer ha^ passed, have the water storage works promised by the Government completed. The dividends declared during tbe week are—Kingston Park, Is; Prince of Wales, Scarsdale, Is 9d; Reform, Is 6d ; and tbe following are the comparative yields:— Oify of Canterbury Dyke's D© MurskB Dochoas figerton Kingston Park Little Stream, Newtown. New Victoria New Eureka Qfleon Befora ... Byaa's Junction Racecourse Hie tori Trunk Lead Black Bill Brothers, drowns New North dunes New Kangaroo............ Last Week. Week Before oz dwtgr oz dwt gr S3 & 12 43 2 12 214 1G 0 147 11 0 118 12 0 112 17 0 15 G C 17 10 0 227 0 0 226 0 0 77 17 0 - 70 14 0 8 C 0 17 15 12 105 13 0 101 18 0 10 17 12 10 6 12 23 3 18 222 3 0 114 17 0 67 5 0 83 3 0 81 14 0 130 0 0 278 5 0 246 3 0 94 0 0 76 3 0 Last Fortnight Fortnight. Before. Ho return 49 7 21 6 0 0 239 1 12 143 6 12 57 11 0 75 6 0 Interesting intelligence will be found contained in the submarine messages which appear elsewhere. Marshal MacM&hon; has suddenly resigned the presidentship of tbe French republic, owing to the impossibility, it seems, of his agreeing with his Ministers, who have the full confidence of at least the lower branch of Parliament. M. Grevy has since been elested President. There is much excitement in Paris. The General Sessions for this montli were commenced on Saturday morning last. Mr Chairman Hackett presided, and Mr W. S. Garnett prosecuted for the Crown. William Baawick pleaded guilty to two charges of stealing wool from the station cf Mr W. H. Bacchus, at Peerewnr. Thomas Starr, charged with larceny, was acquitted; and James Martin, for forgery, was found guilty; John Sogers, charged with - participation in the same offeice, being acquitted. Tbe sittings will be resumed at nine o'clock this morning, when there is only one case on the list to be dealt with—that of P. Davoren, for indecent assault. A young woman, named Emma Eothery, aged twenty-two years, died very suddenly at her mother's residence, No. 97 Skiptonatreet, on Saturday afternoon, under circumstances that will necessitate the holding of a coroner's inquest. The deceased, it appears, has been for the past twelve months actios as general servant at the Queen hotel, at Haddon, which is kept by a Chinaman, named Ah King. About a fortnight ago she came home from the place, with purging and vomiting. It is stated that for some time she was treated by a Chinese doctor from Maryborough; and that, as she grew worse, Dr llclthouse was sent for, on Saturday afternoon, to attend to her. On his arrival, he found the woman past recovery; but he prescribed a pill and draught for her, and recommended her removal Co tbe HospitaL Before the medicine he prescribed could be gat, the woman died, in a fit; and, as the doctor could not tell from what cause her death proceeded, an inquest, and probably a post mortem examination, will bs held. The fearfully hot and changeable weather of the past week has bad a very prejudicial effect on the health of tbe townspeople, as was instanced by the unusually large number of jurymen excused by Mr Chairman Hackett on Saturday from attendance at the court on tbe score of ill-health. Two youog girls, named Mary Jones and Ann North, aged respectively eighteen and nineteen years, were arrested yesterday afternoon by Constable Meagher and lodged in the city lock-up, oi a charge of having no lawful visible means of support. The girls were found by the arresting constable at the rear of the Alfred Hall, in company with a number of rough lads. In our issue of Wednesday last we drew attention to the fact that the Ararat and Martoa railway stations had so much grain stored in them as to render further storage a matter of Impossibility; also that fire special trains were engaged in clearing the former station. Owing to the absolute necessity of making further clearances, four special trains left tbe Western sLation at various htffcrs on Sunday for Ararat and Murtoa, returning the same day, laden chiefly with grain. Two of these trains went on to Melbourne. A special goods train came up from Melbourne at 8 a.m., and another from Geeloug at 9.30 a.m^ the goods brought in which were taken on up country. Matthew Doncaster, fifty-four years of age, was arrested on Saturday afternoon for having in his possession a quantity of bedding and wearing apparel, for which he could not satisfactorily account. The police want owners for the articles, which can be seen at the station About twelve o'clock on Saturday, Br Kolas, of Linton, received a telegram from Skipton requesting him to attend immediately, as a Mrs Costello had been bitten by a large black snake. The doctor, on receipt of the telegram, started off at onpe, and on his arrival at the house found that Mrs Costello had been bitten in tbe right forearm when in the act of collecting some wood. The doctor immediately cut the bitten part out, and sucked the wound, and usedother .surgical remedies. He at first considered the case hopeless, as Mrs Costello was completely paralysed. However, by the doctor's prompt treatment, she is now considered out of danger, and as well as can be expected. Mr F. Fohstob, of Langi-Willi, near the residence of Sirs Costello, on heating of tbe calamity, at once rendered what Assistance he could, by tying a ligature above the wound and administering brandy to the sufferer. The second day's racing-of the Geelong club came off oo Saturday, the weather being very pleasant, and the attendance very good. It will be. seen by a report in another column- that Mr M. Louglilid's "Lord Harry won the Handicap, thus winning the big double event of the meeting, while Sarchedoo, another of theaame gentleman's stable, carried off first honora~in the Steeplechase. This result has been the means of hitting the metropolitan bookmakers very bard, but tbe Ballarat sporting public have netted all round pretty well, through backieg the local- horses for the two principal events. At the meeting of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society on Saturday, it was pointed out that not a single representative of the agricultural interest was to be found amongst the executive committee of the .proposed International Exhibition, to beheld in Melbourne in 1680. This is, no doubt, an oversight; and, considering that amongBt tbe exhibits there will be numerous products of the soil, it is to be hoped tbe omission will be rectified by the appointment to the executive committee of the presidents of the several agricultural societies in the colony. A conference of the representatives from the councils of Buninyongshire and Burgareeshire, was held at Br op by's hotel on Saturday, with reference to the adjustment of road metal accounts on the Melbourne north road; but it was resolved to remit the consideration of the matter to the respective councils. In the BuUionist of 7th December last w observe that an old friend, Mr James Croyle, has received very flattering thanks for bis action in exposing the deception..practiced upon the Peruvian bondholders. One correspondent writes as follows:—" Although not personally acquainted with Mr Croyle, I am proud to think that we have so sterling ao Englishman amongst us, who, with the other members of the International Committee have earned, and are undoubtedly entitled to, the *eiy warmest thanks of the bondholders for the disinterested way in which they have, come for- -ward and shown up the gross deception which has been practised upon the bondholders by those who, having only-thdr personal interest in view, did *H)fc hesitate to sacrifice the interests of the bondgolden they had poderttken to defend, completing by.auch cruel and dishonest proceedings tbe ruin «f knany families wbo bad the misfortune to believe in the solvency of Peru. . . . I would further suggest.that Mr Croyle should be put into Parliament so as to enable him to present thia bill in person; and afterwards Watch over the interests of ^he bondholders, for which he-has worked so indefatagably.". The following Is an instance -of red-tapeism of rather unuqual proportions.. Mr J. ElfonL and family, Mrs Abrahams, and .Messrs Woodyett and Blackburn,-of Sgerton, were going from that place to • Yendou railway station, in ^a' bug'gy, early on Saturday,raorning. "When about three" miles out from - the former, town the horse by some JBeans started off the road, and the 'buggy, with its occupants, was thrown-down an embankment about 1 14\. feet high. -Although the vehicle turned over none'of tbe : -party was Very-badly hurt, and they ell set out towards Tendon, leaving . the broken trap to its fate—thehorse had gone off -on his own account. The driver -of a-sraggun going in tbe direction^ the railway station took the unfortunates tip and dranrrthttntb^he atiation.' -Arrived there, Mr Elfbrd finding tbe £rst train gone, *aked the stationmastertb allow his parly to'come on to. BaUaratfa the*van of the iuggige train doe in* ehort time. (^Tbe etationmswter >paliiely informed him that he could^ not of. himself permit that ar-; rangement, but that Mr fUford must telegraph to |he traffic manager at"Melbourae7Tor the desired' ^ennisaion.- Mr Elford did' ao,- stating ' that -a ! boggy accident.had occurred, -and -that, it^was necessary to get to BalUftt at oncer ]0a$-irig for quraSoh and answer. He received the following reply from the acting traffis manager" Unsafe for ladies and children to travel in van." The party was thus detained some four hours at Tendon, and the ladies and children, suffering from the fright of the accident, had to be sent to Egerton in an open trap in the evening, they baring through the unexpected delay missed tbe coach for that place. Surely in a case of such an accident as the above the stationm&ster; might be allowed to exercise his discretion and decide the case himself instead of passengers being obliged to telegraph to Melbourne for permission, and then get such an unsatisfactory answer as the one given above. If any lady of tbe party had been severely injured and in need of immediate surgical attendance, according to tbe above she would have had to remain for hours without the necessary attention, which she could have obtained had she been allowed to travel as requested. There was a very large number of visitors to the lake and gardens yesterday, the weather being bright and pleasant. There was a nice breeze on the lake for sailing, and the attraction presented by the gardens drew thither the customary quota of townsfolk. In another column will be found the report of a meeting held on Saturday at tbe George hotel, for the purpose of initiating a corn exchange. The sub-committee's report was adopted, and it was decided to seek the assistance of the City Council at its next meeting through a deputation. The gentlemen wbo were present formed themselves into an executive committee. Mr Thomson. P.M., and Mayor Leggo presided at the City Court on Saturday, and sent Bobert Ward to gaol for one month as a habitual drunkard. Hannah Mason, charged with vagrancy, was remanded for a week. At the Town Police Court, Mr Anderson, J.P., presided, and fined Frederick M'Donald £5 for assaulting two wellknown Chinese, named Lee Soon and Cheong Ke Chung. A man who, when in a state of intoxication, on Thursday last, fell into a mudhole in the neighborhood of his own bouse, had a narrow escape from being suffocated. The hole was filled with mud of so sticky and treacherous a nature, that he could not get out, but in struggling to do so be only sank deeper into the miie. Some of his neighbors came to bis assistance, but they could not get near enough to lay hold of him. At last a rope was obtained, and this being thrown over the shoulders of tbe " gentleman in difficulties," he was by main force dragged out of his unpleasant and dangerous situation, and landed high, but not dry, on ten-a firma. . Special services in aid of the circuit fund were held in the Primitive Methodist Church at Grassy Gully last Sunday week, when two sermons were preadied to large congregations by tbe Rev. J. G. Wright On Wednesday following a number of friends from Break o' Day, Hard Hills, &a;, sat down to a sumptuous repast provided by Afiss Vigar, and given by Mr G. Kingdom. The after meeting was addressed by tbe circuit minister and Mr Vigar i and music by the choir enlivened the proceedings. The Sunday school scholars held their picnic on Thursday. At the meeting of tbe City Council this afternoon, the finance committee will recommend as follows in reference to the leasing of the fruit stalls at the Botanic Gardens:—1. That, in addition to the present number of stalls for the sale of refreshments, there be marked off at the south-western corner of the menagerie enclosure a space to contain six allotments, each having 10 feet frontage by 15 feet depth. 2. That euch allotments, together with the present stalls, be let by tender from year t> year, each for a term of one year only. 3\. That no occupant of such allotments be allowed te erect any permanent stalls; temporary accommodation, such as trestles and awning only for' selling, being permitted. 4. That the business be limited to refreshments only; and tha: alt stock for sale be conveyed to the gardens before an appointed hour in tbe forenoon; that no handbarrows or carts be allowed about the grounds, any such being necessary for the business to be placed during the day in the horse paddock; and that all hawking of any articles about the reserve, or touting from stalls, be strictly prohibited under penalty of the lease being cancelled. It is requested, by a notice in the Gazette, that applications for aid from the grant for fencing cemeteries must be made before the 17th instant, or they will not be recognised by the department. On Wednesday eight last some thief entered the stable of Mr James Pollock, at Miners rest, and stole a couple of pairs of silver-mounted Tinkers and a pair of waggon reins from amongst four sets of harness. It is to be hoped other farmers about the locality will be on their guard against this petty larcenist. Mr Am ess is the new manager of the local branch of the Commercial Bank, in tbe place of Mr Hamilton, not Armour, as printed in our Saturday issue. In our notice on Saturday of die sale of S.. John's Presbyterian manse to Mr Agar Wy nne, it was stated that that gentleman had purchased but a twenty-one years' lease, whereas we should have written that Mr Wynne bought the fee simple for £1450, but that the trustees have rented the manse for twenty-one years, with the privilege of terminating the lease in the event of damage being done to the building by mining operations. A proclamation appears in the Gazette of Friday, revoking the reserve of that portion of Camp and Lydiard streets which is about to be sold by public auctien. Everyone in a certain Buninyongcab on Saturday afternoon noticed the smell of burning, but in tbe face of the recent bush-fires and very hot weather, no one thought that to remark it would excite any interest, so the smell of something burning .grew stronger without any audible comment from the cab occupants. Aj the " ancient village" was neared the scent became keener, and at last the exclamation of a passenger on the front seat told that he had run the game to earth—well, not to earth, perhaps, because he held it to his breast— and-after vigorously clutching himself where he admitted having felt a "burning pain," be removed his hand, and lo! in doing so, he bared his bosom to the piercing wind, for the lighted cigarbutt, quietly nestling on his vest, had destroyed the front of that article of attire, and tbe other articles of attire immediately beneath it, and the insidious' Swiss, cosily creeping into the tender skin of the victim, had caused the " burning pain" that led to the discovery of the game. Nero, violining an accompaniment to the burning of Rome, was not more hilariously mirthful than was that cab-load for the two hundred yards traversed immediately after tbe man on fire had been put out. Messrs E. Ho re, Alex. Cummings, G. Gait, and W. Firth, of Smythesdale, whose houses were in jeopardy on Wednesday last, when the bush-fire was raging, have sent a letter to the captain ef the Smythesdale Fire Brigade,.thanking the members and other willing helpers for their successful exertions on that occasion- Accompanying the letter was a donation of XI 5s towards tbe funds of the brigade. The new billiard-room at the Mechanics' Institute, Ballarat, will be opened this afternoon, at two o'clock. Members are invited to attend, and the tables will be available to them free during the remainder of the afternoon and evening. Opinions differ very much as to the manner in which the committee have utilised tbe topmost floor; and it is certainly open to question whether a billiardroom is the most desirable adjunct that could be made to a mechanics' institute. But, apart from this consideration, three very handsome tables are e now in situ there, and an abundance of patronage to the top floor will no doubt be one of the results of their erection. * It seems, by a notice in the Gazette, that there were 120,202 2 gallons of spirits made in Victoria during last year. Mr D. J. Thomas, who received his educatiouat the Camp street High School, and who, during the last three years, huas been one of the assistant masters at that establishment has, we are informed, been appointed assistant at the Lauoceston Grammar School, Tasmania. The following new magistrates are gazetted: ; Mr & Curtis, Ballarat East; Mr T. G. Hope, Inverleigh; and Mr T. Stubbs, StawelL The annual excursion of St. John's Sabbath Schools to Geelong will take place next Wednesday. Tbe train will leave the Western station at halfpast seven in the morning, calling at BaUarat East, and return from Geelong at sir o'clock in the evening. Tickets can be obtaioed of tbe persons named in the advertisement, whioh appears elsewhere, at the Peel and South street schools, this and to-morrow evening, between the hours of seven and nine. . . There were 1095 persons relieved by the Ballarat • Benevolent Asylum last week, and of these 452 woe children. It will be seen from our advertising columns that there will be a grand Catholic demonstration held at the Junction, Bungaree,on Thursday next, which it is intended to make annual. Judging frem the programme in another column, to which we direct attention, there will be no lack of amusements, as there will be horse-racing (including a hurdle race), - foot-racing—and last, not least, a grand hurling match between BaUarat and "Bungaree. ' In connection with the demonstration there will be a Srana basiar, tbe various stalls of which will be presided over by several ladies residing in the Qoantiy, districts, wbo' have kindly given their •enricw. The procession wfll start from St. PatrWc'!, Start street, at half-past nine a.u. headed by. a band of twenty-six performers. We liotan that the proprietors of the 'buses and cabs *ul >*>ue return tickets to tbe grounds at a reasonable rate. As the admission is very lowT viz^ 9Be shilling, an immense gathering is expected. 'We understand that a very largo number of tickets have already .been cRspoied of in Ballarat, not to. sjieak at all .of the counttydistricts,,where. there is very little doubt they will be purchase^ in thousands, as scarcely a man, woman, or child will be absent on tbe day of the demonstration. Mr D. Brophy, MX.A., is appointed the general manager. The Royal Marionettes', after an absence of two years, will open for a short season at the Mechanics'. Institute on Monday, 10th instant. The company has been considerably strengthened, additional figures have been added, fresh scenery has been painted, and new dresses provided. Altogether, Messrs Webb and Trotter intend to make their entertainment, on its final tour through Victoria, more attractive than ever. Mr Tickner's private quadrille assembly will meet in the Alfred Hall to-morrow evening. Though Ballarat was not honored with a Christmas pantomime, we are not to be entirely neglected in that respect, as Mr D'Arcy Read's Ghost company stay at the Academy a few nights longer, and to-nigbt tbey produce a grand pantomime, entitled "The Beauty and the Beast." This will give children an opportunity of witnessing what they will never forget; and tbe management, being determined that every roe shatt have a chance to witness it, have reduced the prices of admission to Is and 2s only, and all children under twelve will be admitted at half-price to either part; the pit and stalls occupying their original space. This will certainly place the entertainment within the reach of all, and should secure crowded houses. Tbe State night schools at Soldiers' Hill and Sebastopol will re-open this evening. A meeting of tbe Bechervaise testimonial committee will be held this evening at Lester's hotel, at eight o'clock. During the last week 187 indoor an t 572 outdeer^atients were treated at the Ballarat Hospital. X Referring-to the West Bourke vacancy, the Age says:— u Amongst the names of candidates that have been mentioned for tbe constituency of West Bourke are those of Mr Vale, Mr Byrne, and Mr M'lvor." On the same subject, tbe Argus writes: —" Tbe West Bourke election is likely to be severely contested. Mr F. B. Godfrey, who has been pressed to offer himself in tbe constitutional interest, has been compelled to decline, as he is on the eve of departing for Europe; but Mr S. Staughton, of Melton, is understood to be in the field as an independent candidate,rand Mr B. Harper, who ,was .chairman'.of tbe Francos committee at the* last West Melbourne election, is mentioned -as ^likely to stand upon the same platform. On the other hand, Mr M'lvor, the chemical lecturer, and Mr T. E. Healy are both spoken of as Ministerial candidates. Mr M'lvor, it is ex- pected, a ill have the support of the Government." Tbe detectives (says the Argus) are at preeent engaged investigating a supposed robbery of £100 from the Australian and European Bank. It appears that on. Mcndsy last a clerk was sent from the Emerald Hill branch to the bead office with a bundle of notes. The teller received and opened the bundle, picked out the M foreign" notes, or those of other banks, and without counting handed them to another clerk, who was instructed to carry them to the Exchange. Before leaving for the Exchange, the clerk counted the money given him, and found that two <£50-notes of the London Chartered Bank were missing. He reported the matter to his superiors, anl a search was made, but without success. The detectives were then communicated with. The St. A maud Times has been informed by Mr Carr, the proprietor of a threshing machine at work in the Banyena district, that the arerage return of wheat crops there will he about 15 bushels to the acre; some oats realised 36 bushels per acre. Mr Mark Thomas states that the farms where'his threshing machine has been employed, in the parishes of Conooer and Doboobetic, will average about IE bushels. Another informant tells us that at Wycheproof, Ninyeunook, Bunguluke, and Tyrrell creek, the average is from 10 to 12 bushels. Great excitement (says the special reporter of the Argus) was caused in Euro* on Wednesday evening by the sound of three sbots fired in rapid succession in the vicinity of tbe bank. It was at once thought that the Kelly gang had made another attack on the bank, and a rash was made for the spot. The men of tbe defence force turned out very smartly, fully armed. As it hsppened, Superintendent Hare was sitting in tbe bank with Mr Scott, the manager, and upon bearing the shots both gentlemen at once went outside, when they saw that the sentry on duty, a member of the defence force, had his revolver pointed in the direction of seme trees near the bank. In reply to questions, he stated that a shot had been fired at him from one of the trees, which be pointed out, and be had fired two shots in return, thinking that he saw the man who fired at bim. Orders were given for ao armed party to make ready to scour the a *rub in tbe vicinity of the township, but Mr Hare in the meantime took the sentry's revolver in his hand, and found three of the chambers had been recently discharged. It then became evident that the sentry had raised a false alarm, and as it was also apparent that he had been drinking, he was at once placed under arrest. He will be further dealt with by the authorities. Advantage isays the .Geelong Advertiser) was taken of the presence of Sir George Bowen at the Geelong racecourse on Thursday last by Colonel Conran, of Highton, as a representative of the old army officers of Victoria, to thank his Excellency for his successful efforts towards the erection of a monument at Ballarat in memory of the soldiers who fell at the Eureka riots in the execution of their duty. It is perhaps jiot generally known (remarks the Age) in connection with other arrangements recently made in die working of the Telegraph Department, that any telegraph office in the colony can now communicate with the bead office ia Melbourne at all times, night as well as day, and on Sundays at all hours. We understand that it is proposed to make a material alteration in the rates charged for the transmission of telegrams after eight p.m. to the more important offices, such as Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth. Sale; The rates hitherto-charged have been fifty-eight words and-under, 5s. The rates proposed to be adopted are the following:—From eight p.m. to eleven p.m, double the present ordinary rates, viz., 2s for ten words, and 2d for every additional word. .After elevtn p.m. until half-past eight a.m^ treble the ordinary rate, viz., Ss for ten words, and 3d for every additions! word. The ordinary rates on press messages will remain unaltered; but it is proposed to reduce the charge on press messages transmitted • within the colony on Sunday-to the amount charged for press messages on other days between half-past seven pjs. and eleven pjiL, viz.:—100 words and under, 2s: each additional fifty words and under, 91. The Postmaster- General, in view of the forthcoming Exhibition, is in communication with the -authorities in Sydney, tbe object being to obtain •^•jitfani fmjit;j»i for the transmission of press messages between that city and Melbourne. As an evidence (says the P. C. A'ews) of the growing importance of Stawell, and the fact that this is being noticed at head quarters, the additional traffic on the~railway -and accommodation for such traffic may be cited. When the line was first opened, two trains per day were deemed sufficient to convey all the passengers and goods from here to tbe metropolis; whilst now seven trains (passenger, goods, and mixed) are despatched daily, to say nothing of the specials necessary to dear the station of wheat. To those who believe, against their will, in the decadence of the town, this will be pleasing intelligence; and it will also prove a very hard nut to crack for those who are eternally croaking about the ominous (as they consider) signs of the times. An item of news reaches the from San Francisco, which shows very clearly bow desirable it is that every boy should be taught to swim" Quite a gallant deed, and one well worthy of record, was performed at Longbridge on Sunday afternoon. A boy of about six years of age accidentally fell overboard fro tn thewharf, and Mr WUliatt, second officer of the British ship North Riding, who happened to be • standing -near, .-immediately jumped after the little fellow, and succeeded in getting bold of him as be was going down tar the last time. He kept afloat until a boat-arrived, which-brought both ashore. The child was insensible, but willing hands soon brought hjm around. Too much praise cannot be given to the gallant British tar for his noble conduct." The gaUant British tar alluded to is a native of Melbourne, 1 a nephew of Alderman Mowbray, of Collins street, was educated at tbe Church of England Grammar School under Dr Bromby, and learned to ewim at Kenney's baths. A subscription of 70 dols. was presented to Mr .Wuliatt by tbe leading tpEppfanif and fflptafap of the port. 