WHEN people begin to enquire whether they are on the right track on any given topic, it is proof that a change of opinion is setting in, and that an alteration of tac- tics is not very far distant on the disputed subject. For many yeaiB thefree-tradershad it all their own way in the mother-coanby. The people in the old land swore by ADAM SMITH, JOHN STUART MILL, and other political economists of the same school ; and any person, who had the temerity to qoea tion their dicta, was pnt down atraigbt off as a fit and proper person to be committed to a looatic asylum. Free-trade came to be regarded as a fixed science, quite as much so as astronomy; and it was rang heresy, downright tomfoolery, for any person to question the eternal wisdom of its principles, joat the same aa the individual was u written down an ass" who ventured to speak a word in favor of protection. Snch was the state of thought in the mother-country up to a year or two ago; and it seemed as though it would prove everlasting. But all at once, there is a great change come over the old land in this respect. The wisest of people there are beginning uf enquire whether the closet philosophers were altogether sound in their conclusions. The general public are beginning to think, and aay, that aU that ADAM SMITH, JOHN STUART MILL, &c.; wrote may not be gospel truth. Accordingly, they are commencing toinveetigatefor themselves; putting this and that together to see what the result of the calculation will be, and generally showing themselves to be anything but convinced of the infalli bility of the doctrine which has been laid down for their guidance by the economists, and which they had previously swallowed as an infallible recipe how to become rich, prosperous, and happy. When, as we have said at . the start/ people begin investigate like HUB, it -is proof that they are getting very uneasy about the old belief, and (hat they are not fer distant bom a change of opinion. This is plainly bow the case stands just now in England; and many more extraordinary tilings might happen than that it may be the means of restoring the old land to a policy of protection. Now, we are induced, amongst other canaea, to write In this strain by a London, paper, which lies before us, and which contains matter of a very in teresting nature referring to this subject. It takes theform of a report of a meeting that was held in the City of London in the middle of last February, to consider 'the dulnesa of trade which prevailed, «nd bow an improve- ment could be effected. This was no meeting of the working classes, or of manufacturers, both of whom might be said by freetraders to be only looking after their own interests, to the detriment of all other irterests in the conntry. It was a meeting bankers, merchants, and others of much the same stamp; and it was held, of dl other places, where die policy of free-trade tronld, one would think, be the most deeply respected. The meeting,* we told, was a large and, influential one— the " igeorgat mob" being, therefore, absent $ and: the object of it was explained by Mr Alderman KNIGHT, who presided. " He did not," be said " wish the object of the meeting to be represented a desire to initiate a return to the policy of protection, or to denounce a sjatem of proper free-trade. They had'met to ask for an enquiry into the system at present conducted in this country as regarded freetrade, in connection with the great distress which now existed throughout the entire manufacturing districts, and particularly to ascertain whether the distress, or the difficulties under which they now labored, were traceable to « free-trade which had not been reciprocated. . . . He could not forget that, before this country adopted free-trade, tbe advocates of that system told us that, if w'e adopted freetrade, other nations must follow in our wake.' This bad not taken place; and hence the necessity of the investigation asked for. Well, the discussion proceeded, and at length Mr STOKES, one of tbe speakers, said "in the course of a few days fce obtained tLe signatures of nearly 200 merchants of London, of Liberal views, to a document urging that there ehould be an enquiry into the cause of the existing depression of trade. All party feeliDg should be forgotten on this great question. If free-trade was right, it would come forth triumphant from the enquiry; but if it was not right, then there ehould be an alteration in the existing order of things. Some people said, as long as the consumers in' this country obtained goods cheaply, what did it matter whether theproducersinthis country were prosperous or not? But if we did not guard the interests of producers, the consumers would assuredly come to grief. He would say fearlessly that be would propose a 15 per cent, duty upon all goods coming from abroad; and he thought that if a five shillings duty were put upon corn nobody would be injured." A year or two ago these ideas would have been scooted in England as little short of treasonable, and the speaker wonld have been regarded as mad. But it was listened to on this occasion most respectfully; and no one denounced the speaker for his language. At length Mr STOKES proposed tbe following motion: —" That this meeting deplores that the confident predictions of the free-trade advocates—first, that if England set the example, other nations wonld be sure to extend to her reciprocal advantages; secondly, that the cheapness arising from free-trade would enable England to defy the competition of foreign countries in ber own and neutral markets, have not been fnl filled, but that on the contrary, after thirty years' experience, foreign nations are less inclined to free - trade than ever, and that not only iB England excluded by prohibition from many markets-, but she is threatened by protectionist countries in neutral markets, and her staple manufactures are undersold on her own counters." A Mr LISTON seconded the resolution, and it was supported by other rs. A Mr RYAN then moved the fol lowing amendment:—"That this meeting while not objecting to a Parliamentary enquiry into the cause of the present depression of trade, is of opinion that any measure to revive the exploded system of protective duties on imported goods, wonld be fatal both to the industrial, commercial, and agricultural interests of tbe nation." Mr MOT- TERSHEAD seconded this amendment, year or two ago an amendment of this sort would have been carried with hardly a dissentient voice at a public meeting, especially in the City of London. But what was its fate on this occasion ? Why, the very opposite of this. Only a few hands were held op in favor of tbe amendment, whQBt Mr STOKES' motion was carried by a large majority. Not only this, but a subsequent motion, submitted by Mr BCCKDIG- HAM, that a Boyal Commission shonld be appointed to ascertain to what extent freetrade is responsible for the distress which prevailed, was carried; while an amendment to the effect that the enquiry should have larger scope, w as promptly rejected. The meeting broke up after a resolution bad been carried, on the motion of Sir JOHH HEBON MAXWELL, that a copy of the two resolu tions carried should be forwarded to the Prime Minister, together with a memorial on the subject. Now, here we have very clear proof that popular feeling in Bogland in regard to free-trade is undergoing marvellous change iodeed. Here we have bankers and merchants endorsing resolutions which turn .a blow at free-trade, and rejecting amendments which declaim against protection ; and nothing of the kind had occurred previously in the City of London since free-trade became part and parcel of the English system. Are we wrong, then, in pointing out that a belief in the doctrine of ADAM SMITH, JOHN STCABT MILL, and other writers of the same class, is gradually falling down to zero in England, and in predicting that a change in the direction of protection, as a consequence, not far distant there in the future? We certainly think not; and there will be very few unprejudiced people amongst us who will not share this opinion. The fact is that, after a flash in the pan, free-trade has bronght dire poverty and distress upon the old land, and nothing but a moderite system of protection will cure the evil. This is a real living fact; this is the belief that is ginning ground in the old country, and this is the reason why Mr STOKES had so many sympathisers at the London meeting. The incidents here referred to are full of instruction to ourselves, and show the wisdom of the system we have adopted. IF there is one characteristic more than another of Cousin JONATHAN that should be admired, it is tbe thoroughness with which he sets about doing business. He thinks intensely, his utterances «re indicative of superabundant energy, and his executive capacity seems, only limited by the bounds of the great universe itself. Consequently, when we come to enquire bow he- proposes to -deal with the Chinese question, which threatens to be even a more prolific - source of trouble than negro slavery, we are not surprised discover a terrible earnestness manifested in dealing with what is called the " Asiatic plague, that has gained access through the - portals of the Golden Gats, carrying in its train rapid physical decay, utter degradation, moral disease, and death." This may seem the language of exaggeration to Australians who fortunately only perceive the first ripple -of the Mongolian -wave, which threatens in time to flood tbe northern continent of Australia and the eastern seaboard of America. In the nervous language of an American writer, this influx of Cjelestials " has already converted California—the fairest of all the sisterhood of the States—into the land of tbe hoodlum and the slough of despond of the laboring people. It has desolated the homes of thousands of able and willing workmen, and driven them into crime or povertyinto the penitentiary or the poorhonse. It has stolen their labor, robbed their pockets, plundered their households, destroyed their happiness,' and is starving wives, and enslaving their children. It'faas infected and depreciated properly whomever it has mpde its appearance, rendering unfit for human habitation. It has blighted townB and cities, made fields desolate, families homeless, barred progress, blasted prosperity, and the good name and fair fame of tbe sunny land of tbe West is mangled and disgraced. It has contaminated the youth, corrupted tbe old, poisoned all the sources of physical and moral health, aud polluted tbe glorious atmosphere of the Pacific coast. Under its blighting influence California is fast becoming, in fact if not in name, a lesser Asia, with its deadly lethargy and its damnable slavery." The system that could call forth such a sweeping denunciation as this, mnst be appalling, even making allowance for naturally excited feelings. It has beeo in existence in America for nearly a quarter of a century, but it has only been comparatively recently that public attention and legislative action have been sufficiently aroused to grapp'e with the increasing magnitude of the evil. In fact, the people of the United States have allowed the mischief to assume such gigantic proportions that we fear nothing short of wholesale expulsion and deportation—such as was adopted towards the Moois in Spain, under FEEDJNAKD and ISABELLA—will ever bring back security for European labor againBt that of the .Chinese. The question, unfortunately, in America is made to subserve political purposes; and thongh the great masses of the people entertain but one opinion respecting tbe propriety of dealing effectually with tbe yellow race, yet statesmen and politicians seem to think rather of how far they can turn John Chinaman's case to their own particular account. Nevertheless, the Chinese Immigration Bill passed by Congress, subsequently vetoed by tbe President, but which, being passed a second time by both Chambers, is likely to become law, must do much to restrain and keep within narrow limits the tide of Chinese immigration that has been setting in with increased volume for some years past. Tbe measure restricts the number of Chinese that any shjp can bring to an American port to .fifteen, and any breach of the regulations or evasion of the law is punishable with fine and imprisonment. It also provides for tbe abrogation of the treaty entered into between tbe United States and China in 1858, by which mutual concessions as regards matters of commerce and immigration were agreed upon. The remedy proposed seemn simple, but none the less effective in dealing with the yellow Bgony. It may be said that the act can be set at nought by unscrupulous skippers landing their passengers in one of the Canadian ports, or in South America, from which directions the invading hosts might insinuate themselves across the border. But the arctic climate of tbe Dominion wonld probably kill John before he effected bis purpoee, while from tbe south his path would be so beset with difficulties travelling overland, that a very small percentage would ever succeed in obtaining a footing in the States. The immigrating supply once cut off, the Chinese element wonld soon dissolve, as owing to their inability to. assimilate with Europeans, and their eagerness to return to their country to enjoy the fruits of their industry, and be buried with their own people, tiie Chinese would in all probability gradually dwindle and so die out. This is the' hope at least of the American nation. In a minor but no less significant degree we have witnessed the many objectionable features of Chinese life amongst ourselves, more especially in connection with the late strikeagainst the policy pursued by the A.S.N. Company in Sydney. The Queensland Government have taken a correct view of the difficulty, and, despite the Imperial authorities, have enacted a penal measure against the Chinese. The New South Wales Legislature is following the example given, and in time our own Government mnst follow suit. When the time comes, we trust we shall not be less stern and comprehensive in devising measures to avert the tronble which Chinese morals, habits, and general peculiarities produce in European countries, Within the last few days the No. 4 Band and Albion Consols tribntora have bad reason to suspect one of the party of abstracting gold from the paddling machine, and on _ Wednesday, it is alleged, he was observed putting some earth or day into his pocket on the machine. Information having been given to tbe manager, the supposed culprit was thereupon searched, when over half an ounce of gold was found secreted in his pocket amongst the dirt. A committee meeting of the tributora was held yesterday, when it was determined to make application for a warrant for the arrest of the accused, and the warrant will probably be issued this morniog. It appears that the filly Constellation, ridden by the jockey Martin on Wednesday, in his mad ride from Mr Howie,- did not suffer as was stated by us yesterday, but that the other animal was the only one injured. A youth named Philip Sheridan, a resident of Sevastopol, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday for the treatment of contusions on his left leg, sustained by him last Friday through the overturning of a truck at the Winter's Freehold, where be was working as tracker. The district coroner, Mr Thomas Hopper, held an inquest on Thursday, at Steffin's Haddon hotel, on the body of a poor little child named James Charles Summers, whose parents reside at Had- don. Dr Stewart, who made the post-mortem examination, deposed that death was caused by congestion of tbe lungs, and a verdict to that effect was returned. The child had been ailing from its birth, and although four years old was not larger than a child six months old. In the case Smith and others v Countess Com- pany, recently heard in the Warden's Court, the plaintiffs have determined to appeal to the Court of Mines against the decision of the warden, and the necessary deposit money was Lodged on Wednesday last. A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday morning, at the gaol, ioto the death of a prisoner named Robert Rose, who was taken there in a dying condition some three days ago. Dr Bunoe, who made a post-mortem examination of tbe remains, stated that death resulted from cancer io the throat; and the finding was in accordance with the medical testimony. An amusing incident occurred at one of the principal hotels in Sturt street tbe other morning, consequent on the efforts of three smart young men to shirk the obligation of paying the landlord for their bed and board. It appeared that the worthy trio with the airs and consequence of millionaires had ordered tea and beds, which they accordingly enjoyed, but on tbe following morning the worthy and corpulent landlord found they had M flitted " without settling for their accommodation. Unfortunately for the success of the Uttle scheme, the housemaid of the hotel Jisoovered £9 in notes under the pillow of the bed' occupied by one of the departed lodgers, and this was placed in the hands of tbe boniface. Not much time elapsed beTore No. 1 returned and having reported the loss, rendered the money for his bed and board, and demanded tbe £9, which he alleged was bis property. The landlord, however, with a merry twinkle in his eye, pointed out the desirability of bringing the two remaining absent ones into his presence before settling tbe question of ownership, but for some time tbe suggestion of any friendship between the three was indignantly repudiated. Ultimately, tbe two non-payers were found with little trouble byNo.l, and accounts baring been satisfactorily squared, the balance was handed over, and the trio weuton their way, with a gentle admonition from the host not to leave loose notes lyiog about when they wished to depart in . a hurry from their next hotel. Our lower-down contemporary, in its yesterday's issue, is again at fault respecting what we said'on Wednesday relative to- tbe border duties. We never said anything of the sort which our contemporary states, nor anything like it. A meeting of subscribers to the book entitled " Our first Century " was held in the Temperance Hall, Ijearmonth, on Wednesday evening. Tbe meeting was not very largely attended, partly owing to the fact that a' large number of the subscribers to the book bad accepted delivery of it, and were satisfied with it for their.money. Mr W. Vallance wa» Voted to the chair, and stated the object of^he.meeting—namely, to see tbe book, and judge for themselves whether it was all'that it was represented to be before it was forced upon their acceptance. The adverse comments that had appeared la the press regarding the book justified the step that bod beeo taken, and be bad obtained a 80s oopy of the work for examination. The task, from his own examination, was certainly far better got tip than report led him to believe, and he flrmlv belfered that the book was quite equal to sample. The agent, MrSharpe, who was present at the meeting, produced copiesof the work in the three different bindings for inspection, and also produced the sample copy. The ltev. S. Walker then said that he had carefully looked through tbe work, and found it to be even better than the sample, fie warmlj" eulogised the work, and thought it well worth the money. He therefore movei—"That this meeting hating examined the several copies oE the book en tided «Our First Century,'and compared them with the sample copy, is of opinion that tbe book is qnite equal to what it was represented." Mr Esin seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. 'Mr Bain then moved a vote of thanks to Mr Sharpe, the agent, for producing copies of the work at the meeting, and thus facilitating its object. Seconded by Mr M. M. Byan, and carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the chairman bronght the meeting to a close. A meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee was held last evening to consider tbe report of tbe sub-committee appointed to determine upon necessary repairs and painting required throughout the building. After some discussion, tbe report was adopted, and tbe nei-essary works ordered to be carried out as soon as possible. Tbe people of Sebastopol evidently anticipate a very severe winter, for wbich they appear to be making very wise and thoughtful preparations by laying in a good stock of Srewood. The -town clerk reported at the council meeting last night that all the seats had been stolen from the grand stand in the public gardens. Councillors seemed influenced by different emotions on hearing the fact. Ooe councillor said " Hear, hearanother moved that tenders be called for purchasing the grand stand ; and another, that a person named Wbola, residing in the reserve, be appointed caretaker at a salary of £1 per year, rent free. The latter proposition was resolved on. At the Town Police Court yesterday, a little boy named Juhn Johnston was sent to the Industrial School for three years, having pleaded guilty to tbe charge of stealiog a knife and threepence, the property of Henry Coppin, Main street. The prisoner effected an entrance into prosecutor's premises by breaking the windows on the night of the ICtb instant Pastor Chiniquy, who has returned from Ararat, delivered last night, at the Wesleyan Church, Lydiard street, a lecture on " The education of Protestant girls in the nunneries." The pastor was listened to most attentively by au audience numberiog about oOO persons, and as his relation of his experiences of convent life proceeded he was frequently and warmly applauded. The chair was occupied by the Bev. H. Bath, and the Bevs. J. Walker, T. J. Cory, Blarney, with some other clerical gentlemen, also occupied seats on tbe platform. The proceedings were opened and concluded in the usual manner. The price of admission was Is, and the proceeds for the evening amonnted to nearly £24. pastor Chiniquy will lecture this evening at St. Joho's, Peel street, on " The duty of Protestants towards Human Catholics." Tbe lambing season at Ercildoun is now uearly over, the result on tbe whole bring very satisfactory, and expected to returo between eighty and eighty-five per cent, of lambs. Mr B. Hepburn having generously placed his paddock, at tbe old Turf yards near the Creswick road, at the disposal of the Ballarat Gan Club to bold the usual club matches in, the offer has been accepted by tbe committee with thanks, and tbe next match will be held there on Wednesday, the 23rd instant. A good mutter of members is expected to celebrate tbe opening of the new ground. There was a long discussion last night at the meeting of the Sevastopol Council with regard to the leasing of tbe Mount Helen waterworks to Mr- Baker; and a motion was proposed, but not seconded, that the standing orders be suspended, to allow a motion to be put to cancel tbe lease between the council and Mr Baker. The mayor, in lis report, stated that ooe condition of the leasing of the dam to the council from Government was that tbe interest should be paid yearly in advance, but be had -forwarded a proposal to tbe Government, which he believed wonld be accepted, tbat the payment of the interest be quarterly. The matter will moBt probably be further dis- cussed at the next meeting of the council. A motion on notice by Councillor Beverin that a motion appointing certain councillors an executive committee with regard to these works be rescinded, was carried. The jockey Martin, who rode a race-horse into Ballarat at a mad pace from Dowliog Forest, Wednesday, was bronght before the City Police Court yesterday, and committed to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum, on tbe certificates of Drs Bunce and Pinnock. At the Town Police Court yesterday Hannah Burdue, wife of Thomas Burdue, was bound over to keep the peace for three mouths in two approved sureties, of £20 each, for attempting ti stab ber husband with a knife on tbe 14th instant. The evidence of the bnsband disclosed a most pitiable state of conjugal affairs. His wife, be said, bad been in different asylums not less than twenty times in the last - twelve years through drink, and only a fortnight ago she made a similar attempt life, wliidi'was more successful, as she stru& him — the thigh. Prosecutor said his wife had made him a poor man. The aecond attempt to stab him was made on prosecutor saying be would put her in a room he had had prepared for ber when she abandoned herself to paroxysms of rage, in which it was dangerous to allow ber to be at large. Ou Wednesday last the annual tea meeting of tbe Presbyterian Church, Windermere, was held, and notwithstanding the iudemeocy of the evening, wa* most successful, a large number of people from the neighborhood being present. The tables were supplied by Mrs Gilmore, Mrs M'Bae, Mrs Robert Charles, and Mrs Surman, in the admirable style for which these meetings hare become noted in the district. After tea a public meeting was held the church, and addresses were delivered by the Bev. J. B. Steele (chairman), tbe Bev. F. Souter (Minersrest), Mr Neville (Bunker's Hill), and Mr Beaton (Burrumbeet). Then a series of readings by the Ber. F. Sonter took place. These were admirably given, thoroughly appreciated, and heartily applauded by the audience. A number of pieces of music were sung by tbe local choir, assisted by some friends from Ballarat. Miss Mitchell presided at the barmonimn and by her excellent playing, added largely to tbe enjoyment of the evening. tits usual votes of thanks, the meeting broke up. We have received tbe following subscriptions collected in aid of tbe Purcell family by Mrs G. W. Searby at Mount Djran:—G. W. Searby, 2s 6d; Gustave Favre, 6d ; T. M. Capell, 2s 6d W. M'Gillivray, 2s 6d; M. MKJillivrsy, 2s 6d J. Pearson, "2s «d; C. M'Lennan, is 64; Hooley, 2s; a Friend, 2s 6d; Mrs Roberts, Is J. Bedford, 2s 61; W. Hill, 2s; Mary Kennedy! 2s 6d; Misses Scott, Is; M. James, 2s 6d; John Tristram, 10s; A Friend. J. J., 2s 6d; E. Mathews, Is 6d; Mrs Bobson, 2a 6d; Thomas Robin sou, 3s; Mrs Hughes, 61; Mrs Harrington, 2s 6d; Mrs Walsh, Is; Mrs Assopp, 63; lbs M'Queen, *2s. Total, £217a 6d. We have also ceived fis from " A. M." for the same family. Tbe half-yearly services of the Primitive Methodist Church, Eyre -street, will be held next Sunday, wben tbe Bev. J. G. Standrin will preach morning and evening, and tbe Bev. J. G. Perrln * the afternoon. A tea meeting will take place tbe following Monday, to welcome tbe Bev. -J. Standrin and the Rev. J. T. Pierce, the newlyappointed ministers to tbe Bsllarat circuit. There will be aioging by tbe choir, under tbe direction ' Mr Uren. The sale of gift*, organised and carried out by tbe ladies of SL Mary's Church of -England, Smytbesdale, and held in the mechanics' ball on Baster Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, baa, notwiths'andiog tbe prognostications to tbe contrary, proved a decided success, aa tbe total receipts amounted to over £35, .and the net profits will amount to £31 or £32. The stalls were, presided over by Mesdames Parker, Waymoutb, Hughes, and Werner, assisted by tbe Misses Parker, Bishop, Gist, Weymouth, Williamson and Ex cell, who each and all used their best endeavors to dispose of the varied stock of orusmeotal and useful articles, and their efforts were so far successful that everything was sold on Wednesday night. On Monday evening Messrs H. Young and H. J. Cutler rendered valuable assistance in the musical line, and on each evening a nnmbar songs, &c;, were rendered by the church choir, and other lady and gentlemen amateurs. A very pleasant evening was spent at Cape Clear State school on Tuesday last,.in commemoration of the marTiaee of Mr Alfred Crowe, jtiu... eldest son of Mr Alfred Crowe, the head teacher at Cape Clear, who had iovited the neighboring residents and others from a distance. From sixty to seventy guests sat down to an exc^lleu*. supper, and warm and cordial were the congratulations Tc tbe newly-wedded pair. Mr Hore and Mr Frazer made short epeeches-suilable to the occasion. Tl:ey were responded to in a most felicitous manner, both by t-be bridegroom and Mr Crowe, sen. Some excellent songs and recitations were given during the evening, and dancing was unflaggingly kept to an early hour. . Au entertainment in aid of the funds of the Staffordshire Beef cemetery was kindly given by tbe SsarsSale minstrels at Lilley's hotel, Staffordshire, ou Monday night. It was a decided success, tbenfom Wing so crowdcd Ibat'many persons llaa bad to stand. The performers were all in good voicr. '•w, and their efforts were highly appreciated by the audience, who were thoroughly satisfied that they bad received good value fur their.money, and some remarked tbat it was the best performance they bad witnessed for years. Mr Chadwick kindly presided at tbe harmonium. The entertainment was brought to a close with a ball, which was kept up till tbe small hours. The receipts will amount about £10. . Hard-working Man's", letter cannot be published, as it is full of libels from tbe beginning to tbe last word. Mayor Hughes and 'Mr Dickinson, J.P., presided at the Sebastopol Police Court yesterday, and dealt with one petty debt case, in which a verdict was given for tbe amount sued for. We see by the Government Statist's returns that two deaths from diphtheria occurred in Ballarat in the month of March. Monday next being a holiday in honor of tbe eight hours anniversary, Mr J. Furlong, organist of St. Patrick's Cathedral, announces in our columns to-day tbat he will on that evening give a grand concert in the Academy of Music, for which he has engaged the services of our principal amateurs, wbo will be assisted by Miss Hill (a pupil of Mr Furlong), who will make her first appearance on this occasion. Aa the concerts hitherto provided by this gentleman have been very successful, a like result may be anticipated in this instance. Tickets for the Masonic ball, in aid of the Ballarat Hospital and Benevolent and Orphan asylums, to take place ia tbe Alfred Hall on tbe 8th of next month, can now be obtained of members of tbe ball committee. The receipts on the Victorian Railways for tbe week which ended on the 10th April were £26,450 11B 5d. The amount received in the corresponding period of 1878 was £23,273 0s 9J. Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, will preach in tbe Church of England, Haddon, next Sunday morning. The Macartbur Street State School will not re* open .until next Tuesday, Monday bring a proclaimed holiday. The Bev. W. J. Carlton will preach in tbe Methodist Free churches at Gordon, Egerton, and Tendon next Sunday. Mr Boberts is to give us something new orf Sunday, viz., a mnemonic repetition of the '* Pilgrim's Progress" at the Alfred Hall. He haa repeatedly given this entertainment to crowded audiences, and bas been much admired for the ease with which be performs his difficult task. Tbe annual meeting of the Ballarat Football Oiab will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, at Bropby's hotel. A vocal and instrumental concert will be given at the Church of England, Haddon, this evening. A rumor has gained currency (says the Gerald) that Mr Ferres, the Government printer, is about to resign his situation. In tbe event of Mr Ferres taking this step, he will be entitled to a pension amounting to something like £350 a-year, aa be bas served the Government for twenty-eight yean. The Age say a that Mr Berry will leave Jjondun j tbe 9th of May, and it is anticipated tbat he will arrive in Victoria about tbe 28th oT June. The Kelly sympathisers (says the Argus) were again brought up before the local magiatrate, Mr James Ingram, at Beech worth on Wednesday, and remanded for seven days. With reference to the visit of tbe Prince and Princess of Wales to Australia, tbe Government of New South Wales (says the Arena) have received an official intimation to the effect that their Royal Highnesses will not be able to honor the Sydney Exhibition with their presence. They cannot visit Australia this year. The intimation, it will be seen, does not preclude the possibility of a visit in ISSO, tbe year of tbe Melbourne TVrHbition. A human skeleton, supposed to be that ef a woman, has been fonnd (says tbe Argvs) in Mr Wright's paddock, Nunawading, amongst the debris of a bush-fire, which destroyed a quantity of thick scrub at the above locality about a week since. It was at first surmised tbat this discovery might throw some light upon tbe fate of the missing Mrs Farrell, but it is now thonght that the remains are those of a woman named Eliza Madden, who waa formerly an inmate of tbe Eew Asylum, and escaped from tbat institution in Mstrh, 1676, never having since been beard of. A portion of the clothing found with the bones baa been identified by tbe officials of tbe asylum as -having been worn ny the missing woman. Attfcus " io the Leader writes:—" The list of contributions to tbe fund for a memorial to the Mansfield police murdered by tbe Kelly gang discloses unwonted generosity on tbe part of some of our public institutions. The sum already collected amounts to £862, towards which a couple of banks bave contributed two and sixpence a- piece. -It is to be hoped these munificent donations will, however, not prejudicially affeot the declaration of the next dividend." Although (says the Age) we did not-approve of Mr IiOrimer's removal, nor yet of any of the recent appointments of Harbqf Trust commissioners, we consider it ooly fair to tbe Government to state that Mr Andrew was not appointed without bis own knowledge of, and unconditional concurrence in, the act of the Government. 'When asked if he would accept the office, he stated in reply that it was "his ambition" to become a member of tbe board, and tbat the appointment would give him much satisfaction. Speaking of tbe deep mines of Victoria, the Bendigo Independent states:— M It would be interesting to the public if the temperatures at-tbe different levels were taken and published—especially so to tbe mining community, wbo bold the opinion that beyond a certain depth (now almost reached by tbe Magdala Company) the heat will be found too great to allow miners working." A fire broke out (says the Argus) on Wednesday in tbe stable of the Wesleyan parsonage, Brunswick, occupied by the Rev. Ralph Brown. Mrs Brown first discovered the fire, and raised an alarm, but from the inflammable nature of the materials nothing could be done to save the building, which was completely burned down befone the brigades arrived. The only things saved were the buggy and harness. It is not known whether the premises are insured, and tbe fire cannot be accounted for. It is not often the decease of a local resident (says the Bendigo Advertiser) has to be chronicled at the ripe old age of ninety-nine, but such nevertheless took place at the Sandhurst Benevolent Asylum, on Monday last. Tbe deceased was an old identity named Paul Jonea. It ia stated tbat Jones, who was a sailor by profession, arrived in Sydney per the ship Bounty, with Governor Macquarie, who administered the Government of New South Wales from 1810 to 1821\. He was first admitted into tbe asylum on the 12th October, 1877, but about tbe 1st April, 1878, be left tbe institution. A week later, or on the 8tb April, 1878, be was re-admitted, and remained in the institution up to his decease. On the recommendation of Captain MandevHIe, the Treasurer (says tbe Age) bas ordered four Gatling guns, which are to be manufactured with the latest improvements. These armaments are intended for the Nelson- They are most effective weapons of warfare, and capable of piercing any ordinary gunboat armour plate. The cost of each gun wiU be £500. Tbe balance of tbe money'due to tbe Hobson's Bay Railway shareholders for tbe purchase of the railway by tbe Government, will be paid (says the Age) in Melbourne either at tbe end -of tbe present or tbe beginning of Dext week. The amount due to tbe Melbourne shareholders ia £300.000, and this, with the £560,000 paid in London, will make £860,000, the amount to be paid out of the loan. Tbe trevalla season (says tbe Geelong Advertiser) which is annually looked forward to with so much pleasure by anglers, appears now to be en the wane, for the fish are scarce, the most patient angler securing for bis day's work but a few. 