We are willing to make considerable allow ances for the stern necessities under which the “liberal” papers have to live, and Mr Berry’s own organ is, of coarse, entitled to even more forbearance than the others, as it is bound to be, as incoherent as its proprietor. We have, therefore, only occasionally noticed some of the statements which have appeared in that paper, although some have been of a most astonishing: character, and charges have been 1 made without a shadow of evidence.to support them. But, matters are now going jixsfc a little too far. The.reckless statements made and the curious ignorance of the most common things displayed by the Geelong Advertiser demand at least a passing notice, .as showing the sort of advocacy on which “ liberals 11 rely, and the value of the case'for the party of disorder. It is not long since the Advertiser accused the Argus of call ing upon the capitalists to button-np their pockets,, and so caose distress to the working-classes, which the Advertiser averred the other day that the capitalists have done, although in. the same breath the country is said never to have been more prosperous than it now is. The Argus has not answered the: charge, probably , not thinking it worth while to do so, and we are orilylconcemed in the matter so far as we wish to show that “liberal” organs do riot stick at trifles. No such silly advice was ever given by the Argus, as far as we reniember, arid the statement is, simply, ari invention of the “liberal” advocate,, Again, the Argus was accused by the : same paper’of inventing speeches for Mr Berry, and* it was openly declared that he never said that men working at the plough could know nothing of finance. Yet; he did say so, and his very words were quoted, bat . still the Advertiser repeated its. .charge of'inventing speeches, and’ made rid apology fbr its original falsehood The other day the 1 public was gravely told that Mr Berry had ; nev?r ;Said ’anything to shake the confi dence of capitalists, in the face of the fact that in the Advertiser's own columns is a report of a spetoh delivered in the Market square, Geelong, in which -Mr Berry declares that Ms missidriis to pat the rich under the 1 heel of-the poor. > We need not refer to.dozens of dther ex pressions of a similar character, patent enough to everybody, yef with tiie; full knowle^S 6 of . these the Advertiser naively- declares : that not Mr Berry, bat the Opposition, Has fright .eneidi. capital, and;!; then that capital ’ is- . not brightened' at all. The last.': craze of : .!the Advertiser, which it. tiiares with tone; other .paper at ,least,' la the belief or pretended belief, that' free-trade has rained . Great' Britain, and itactually makeathediacoyerythatthe balance of trade is agairist that coimtry. ' . Thiugsin'ot, .vimbletomenfikeiMrßright/MrQlitostone, 'Mrtowe,and;doMBbl »w quite clear to the Advertiser, which believes Mias Martinean to have been a “sentimental ” and appears never to hwmjieatd any thing about the mer cantile theory. TbAfAgj ft«“tea_aUo some the, country toan look upon ttiB If °* ffl* P ro on gl l one speaker' said l thatjrit' waa! currently believed o^^soak ; out of work. «6jto^B^mp fc trade has little to do with the argumentpfor) the secret -.oCmaking unifQrtnlyjirdaperoas has Aot yet .beeq, disgovered, tfie qaiitiorTworth*' discussingltoing,'.whether it is true, as sup posedj-that-an- excess of- importeovar.-exports, indicates jpjjq, and prosperity. The Advertiser has ' discovered' that the* balance of trade was against Great Britain iu 1877 to > the' > extent) of onW bun- 1 dred and ninety-five millions. We do' not vouch for the figures, for they do not agree with ours, but the make any difference. This the Advertiser, echoing the ■-43t s 9 em3 to, Jfchfnk ,to be a clear sign of min, and free-traders'are called-upon to'ponder over the fact. It is a pity : that the Advertiser and the Age did. not go a little further, and -they would 'have balance of trade has beeti -against Great Britain for the last twenty yearsi and notably at the|veiy time when the trade-pf the : 66flntry was advancing by “ leaps and bounds." If our contemporaries turn to Canada they will find the sabe state of affairs to exist there also, and in almost vfpej' country winch does a ,-large, foreign trade. The' Advertiser sagaciously remarks that such a state of affairs shows that a country is buying more than it sells,, the fact being l that no country can do so for long, as commodities are" the market- forj commodities, r and a country which does not. produce cannot buy;! If our critics will torn to the tJnited States they will findi-that .that coun try .. during the last_ si* years exported specie and buliiontp the ynlue of .!ninety-two millions of' pounds, whilst ■% the. ' quantity' imported was only -of the value of twenty-, two:; millions of ? pounds. ■ Where ' did the • jseventymillions go to, and .Mat was! got for it.i It was not returned in the shape 'of goods, for the imports, and exports of merchandise neariy/balanto each, other, and. as the exportsexceed! the,imports^what became of the gold and silver \ According ito. the theory ;i held, the United States must have been insbihg ’headlong -to : ruin, and the fact does lb .be .that they have had to pay away very large sums ior some, purpose, for which there- is. no. visible return,. According to the official. returns, during .the fiye yekra ending 1875,’three hundred and ,twenty-eight millions, poundaofgoodswere exported from the United - States, to Qreat:Britaiii, !ahd!!dnly one hundred and fifty-sixUmilliona imported from 'Grtotf 'Eritam/ arid we should' like> some of pur very positive critics to tell us’ how the balance was . made up., , Something,bust have been got from Great'Britmn to make iip the balance, and it could riot be’ moriey, because the United . States sent a great deal more gold; and silver away than they received. The soliitiori of the difficulty is not very far to find, though it cannot be solved on 4;he balance of trade !theofyj and there is eyidench of the most con clusive kind that the trade of the United States has- riot-been a very profitable ona’ior tome years. asthe New -York Herald says, her mercantile fleet him been, destroyed by her own folly, in fact, by protection; arid those 5 who fancy they can show, that it has not, are. welcome to the fignrto M.i?h we have given! This one fact we offer for their guidance.- Just in proportion as the trade of a country is profit able the imports will appear larger, than the exports, as anybriewill'see at a-glance: j Fori example, a merchant sends a cargo of calico ’ valued at;£1000,-tb;a,. foreign port; when there it is worth, perhaps, £2000; with it he bays goods cheap at the foreign- port hat. valued in Great Britain at £4000,’ or even! bore, and thus the- export .is set down at £lOOO and, the import at £4OOO. This is what our. protectionist friends call a ruinous transaction. ’ Great Britain will stand a great deal of this sort of .ruining. <. The Argus publishes a return of the gold obtained during the past year, which is. got at by taking the quantity exported, t the! quantity- received at the..’Mint, .and .the. difference between the - quantity l in ; the banks at the end of 1877 arid 1878; This return will, no. doubt, represent the, "gold got_ with considerable accuracy, for there cannot be bach which is not reached by some of these means. 1 ' The total! for 4878 is set down, at 753,793 ounces, against 792,839 for 1877\. The mean , number !of miners at work during , the year is estimated at 37,400, and the whole of the returns show a steady decline in the .yield of gold and the number of men at work. T ln fact, the number Of miners has decreased by one- half in the space of about twelve years,. and the yield 1 of gold has decreased in a like proportion! Ac cording to the-estimate of . the Mining Depart ment, the quantity of gold’obtained’ from quartz in 1877-was 513,571, and the alluvial 286,348, making a total of ounces. The-yield from quartz. has! steadily increased! during the. last : five years s as. compared with the’’.aUunal, - that 'being- the period when; it caught rip with . and passed the alluvial, whilst . the alluvial ■ has de-, dined from over one million ounces in 1868> to about one-fourth-of that quantity, or. probably less, as the past year is almost sure , to show a farther falling-off. Of coarse, the decline in the returns from the alluvial work ings are not at all surprising, for! new dis coveries ate now very ’rare, arid! the. greater portion of the old ground is worked out. Nor can the returns !be as profitable as they used to be.. As .a rule, the miner has now to work harderiarid longer for what- he .gets than T -in theiold days, when .gold was .to be .found on the surface, or only-a few feet below it. One example of- profitable-work is to be found at Graswiclfj Where large.quantitjes of gold, over 150,000. ounoesj were got at a very - small expense, ; as the ground was easily worked and very simple appliances were sufficient. Now the. worfc is most costly, and it remains to be seen whether the deeper, ground will be so much'richer as to pay , for the extra labor and ipachinery. Unless the paat year should show ahimprovement, W 0 s)}ail npfbeable to' say; that there is an increase even in the returns from quartz. The largest yield for. tha year was’in 1872; ‘ whenT691,826 ounces were ob tained, bat there" are " signs of improvement, and we should hot be ato! all surprised to see the yield :from the quarto npnes.show a large increase during the next few years..,V > There were large bush'fires in Qippaland laat week. ,commotion was - caused at’ Inglewood. on Saturday evening during a concert that was being Held at Tatohell’a Boyal hotel, by the upaetting dfc a 'kero sene damp. which - broke on , the ■floor', <'the kerosene igpiting and: albng tbs’ fldpn?: woinan, .whose dress caught. fire, , was’'severely' burnt abqut/tha bodyand legs. ’ The Argus correspondent says:—“ I hava ascertained her name' to ba Keilaon, servant in the employ of,Mr..Long, hawker.'-There were about 200 persons present, and,a tegular stam pede (as in all cases -of ; thisfsort) was'made for the door, which made": things .worse iby: stopping up the •doorway.n:The.floorand some..forma were, charred. The unfortunate young Woman, was'taken td pital, where she was promptly attended to. 