THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, MONDAY, FEB, 17, 1879. THE LATE FATAL MINING ACCIDENT, THE fatal accident which occurred in the United Hustler's and Redan mine on Friday afternoon last, was one of those which may undoubtedly be classed as preven- tible. At the inquest held on the body of the unfortunate Mr. Montgomery, the jury found that his death was accidental, and that no blame was attributable to the engine driver. We are not disposed, under the circumstances, to find fault with the verdict. The jury held that the deceased was alone to blame. There can be very (sic) the cage he should have communicate to the engine-driver his intention of descending the shaft, which, according to the evidence, he failed to do. This was a most extraor- dinary proceeding on his part, because, by his own orders, the brake was not pinned and he must have known that immediately the catches were lifted, and his weight was on the cage, it would go down by the run. There was nothing to prevent this from taking place in the absence of the engine driver. Yet Mr. Montgomery, it is to be inferred, removed a truck from the cage, lifted the catches, and entered the cage. He must have believed the driver was at his post and was aware of his proceeding, even al- though he may have neglected to communi- cate with him. He would not have acted as he is represented to have done, without feeling sure that the person in charge of the engine knew what he was doing. It must have taken him some little time to remove the truck and lift the catches, but as he was acting as lander, the engine driver may be absolved from blame for not anticipating his intention of descending the shaft. It, therefore, appears undeniable that the de- ceased was himself to blame, having acted in a very unguarded and precipitate manner. In many cases of serious and fatal mining accidents it has been found that their causes have been due to the carelessness or reck- lessness of the victims themselves. It is one of the objects of the Mining Accidents Statute to prevent such occurrences - to save men, in point of fact, from the effects of their own thoughtlessness, as well as of the neglect or imprudence of other people. If the accident had occurred to anyone else in the mine besides Mr. Montgomery, that gentleman would unquestionably have ex- pressed his astonishment at the want of caution displayed by the sufferer. His own incaution then must be a matter for the utmost surprise. The recommendation of the jury that the brake should be pinned down in all cases in which the driver leaves the engine is one that ought not to be disregarded. Indeed nothing should be left undone that will con- tribute to the safety of the miners. It seems ihav Mr. Montgomery deemed it unnecessary to pin the brake, even though the catches should be up, because it involved a loss of time . But surely the loss of time should not be considered when lives are danger. It is a sad reflection indeed that the de- ceased fell a victim to his own orders in this respect. Both the engine drivers employed by the company state that he objected to the pinning of the brake. One of them, Joseph Holman, said he considered pinning uneces- sary when the cage is resting on the catches, and doubtless it is then unnecessary; but now that it has been shown it is possible for the catchs (sic) to be lifted without the cage being raised by the engine, and con- sequently without the knowledge probably of the driver, and that accidents may occur in consequence of such proceeding, the pinning of the brake in all cases until the driver is aware that a descent is to be made should be made compulsory. Again, any interference with the catches without the knowledge of the driver should never be permitted, nor should anyone be allowed to enter a cage for the purpose of descending a shaft, without first signifying in some unmistakable manner his intention to the driver. As to the drivers leaving their engines in contravention of the rule prohibiting their doing so, it appears that is quite a common practice. The men leave by order of managers for blacksmithing and other purposes. This, of course, is illegal and punishable, but the law is set at defiance, and the most terrible disasters are liable ts ensue. In the present case the driver, believing everything to be perfectly safe, and never dreaming for a moment that his manager would place himself in imminent danger of destruction, ran away for a drink of water, and was only absent for a minute. In that minute the mischief was done, and the old cry arises of "who would have thought it!" What clearer proof can we have that no precaution for safety should be neglected, and that the person in charge of the engine should never be absent from his post. Water, or any other necessary he may require, should be at hand in the engine-room. But whilst any tampering with cages, even by managers, without the certain and absolute knowledge of the engine driver should be strictly forbidden, there is an other matter which forces itself on the at- tention. People engaged in mines will do foolishly reckless things, and will not al- ways yield obedience to the law and the rules framed for their guidance with a view to their own safety. It is in rain, it ap- pear's, that we make such acts penal. In order to save a few moments, or the trouble of signalling, such acts as that which cost Mr. Montgomery his life are apt to be committed. This may be done many times with impunity, and only now and then with evil or fatal results. Therefore they are persisted in by many whose familiarity with danger breeds contempt thereof. Does this fact not demonstrate the necessity for the compulsory use of safety cages? If such a cage had been in use in the United Hust- ler's and Redan mine, Mr. Montgomery would most probably have been alive to-day. Even if the apparatus did not act perfectly, the rapidity of the descent of the cage would have been checked. It would not have run down, as one of the witnesses described its fall, "like a cannon ball." It would not have broken through the bearers at the 320 feet plat. A valuable life would have been saved, and in order to save others, safety cages should be adopted in all mines. The expense would not be great, and directors and managers of companies would have the consolation of feeling that they had done all in their power to ensure safety, even though accidents should some times occur. THE OVERLAND LINE.— The Port Darwin line, we learn from the telegraph office, has been in- terrupted north of Catherine by heavy floods in that locality. In consequence of this we have received only a short cable message this morn- ing, in which was got through before the floods completely destroyed communication. A DISABLED VESSEL.— We received the fol- lowing memo. from the telegraph office last night:— "Lorne. Sunday, 8.15 p.m.— The ketch Abstainer is in Loutitt Bay in a very precarious position. She has been dragging anchor to- day, and is now within 200 yards of the beach, show- ing danger signals. Captain Stackpole, of the Shannon, is here. He considers the vessel is in danger, but thinks the lives of those on board will be saved. Captain Stackpole is keeping watch on the beach with parties of men, but it is impossible to go out to the ketch through the surf, as the wind is blowing strongly from the south-east. HEAVY WEATHER.— Our telegrams inform us that some exceedingly heavy weather has been experienced at Sydney. A strong gale has been blowing from the southward, heavy rain de- scending steadily meanwhile. Some damage has been done to shipping, and several coasting steamers have had to put back. The same kind of weather appears also to have prevailed in the north, for communication on the over- land line has been interrupted by floods. ROBBERY AT VIEW POINT.— Some time during Saturday night the premises occupied by Mr. E. Hanstein, tobacconist, of View Point, were entered and a quantity of tobacco stolen therefrom, it seems that Mr. Hanstein left the shop at half past 11 o'clock on the evening in question, and at that time everything was safe and the place fastened up as usual. Yesterday morning, how- ever, he found the door open and missed a package of tobacco, but at present he cannot say what other goods may have been taken. The robber must have effected an entrance by means of a skeleton key some time between 11.30 o'clock on Saturday and yesterday morn- ing, and he must also have kept his eye on the watchman to see him attend to the tell-tale clock over the door at Mr. Jones's, the gold-broker's office, and then leave on his beat. The matter has been reported to the police, and no doubt they will soon be able to bring the offender to justice. A NARROW ESCAPE.— A boy eight years of age, named William Wheelwright, had a narrow escape on Saturday at noon from being drowned in the Great Extended Hustler's Company's dam, ??? with some other boys seized with cramp, and disappeared under the surface of the water. Two of his companions, boys about his own age, named Charles Bait and Benjamin Charles, at once swum to his rescue, and succeeded in bringing Wheelwright to shore. The occurrence raised a great deal of excitement in the neighborhood, and a number of women rushed to the dam, each one fearing it was her own child to whom the adventure occurred. Their presence was, however, very useful, for upon young Wheelwright being brought on dry ground the women at once set about to apply the usual restoratives to resuscitate him, and succeded in a very little time in doing so, when the boy was taken home. At the time of the occurrence the inquest upon the late Mr. D. Montgomery was being held at the Hus- tler's Reef Hotel; one of the boys ran to the hotel, and said a boy had been drowned in the Hustlers dam. Most of the jurors being fathers of families residing in the neighborhood, they immediately rushed off to the locality indicated, but fortunately their services were not required. The lads Bait and Charles displayed great bravery in giving such prompt assistance to their comrade, who would certainly otherwise have lost his life. A DASTARDLY ACT.— On Thursday evening last Mr. Mears, master of the State school at Strathfieldsaye turned his horse — which was at the time perfectly sound and well — into Mr. H. B. Smith's paddock. The next morning on going to catch the animal he was shocked to find that the near fore leg had been cut right through below the knee, and was only hanging by about 2 inches of skin. The cut appeared to hare been done from the inside of the leg upwards, and with some sharp and heavy in- strument, probably an axe, as the bone was cut clean through. The poor animal was examined by some of the neighbors, and then Mr. Mears ended its sufferings by shooting it. The leg has been preserved, and from the nature of the wound it seems clear that it could not have been accidentally indicted. The matter has been reported to the police, and inquiries will be made into the case, as it is generally believed that it is the work of some malicious person. BOARD OF ADVICE ELECTION.— This is the last ay on which nominations can be received for the Board of Advice, South Riding School District of Marong. Nominations must be left with Mr. G. P. Marrack, Kangaroo Flat, before four o'clock p.m. THE HARCOURT COLLISION.— It will be ob- served from the report, we publish in another column that the Minister of Railways has dis- missed Mr. Stewart, the station-master at Harcourt, as well as the online-driver and fireman of the down train from Melbourne, for neglect of duty on the occasion of the collision between two goods-trains at the station named. Mr. Stewart was, we believe, formerly station master at Eaglehawk. RECEIVED.— We have received the Austra- lasian Sketcher and the Illustrated Australian News for the present month. Both publica- tions are up to the usual standard of excel- lence, the subjects of the various ??? being interesting, and the reading matter care- fully compiled. From the Rev. R. W. Vander- kiste, of Sydney, we have received some remi- niscences of a visit to Dubbo in 1857. The majority of the inhabitants of Dubbo at that remote period appear to have existed in a state of chronic drunkenness, and the object of the rev. gentleman in printing the account of his visit apparently is to show what changes may be wrought in the mora! condition of a people by earnest exhortation. THE SCENE ON THE SYDNEY CRICKET GROUND. — A considerable amount of newspaper corres- pondence has taken place in Sydney on the sub- ject of the disturbance which took place re- cently on the cricket ground during the match between Lord Harris's team and the N.S.W. Eleven. Mr. Edward Barton, who acted as umpire for the N. S.W. team, has written a letter to the S. M. Herald, in which he says : — " I am not aware that any concession of any nature whatsoever was made except by Lord Harris, who on one occasion at least might have claimed the match on appeal to the as umpire. But for his forbearance under peculiarly aggra- vating circumstances the action of the men on Saturday would have brought the match to a sudden end, and given the victory to Lord Harris's team without further trouble. I saw no trace of unfairness in the decision given by Coulthard; and I cannot see how the visiting eleven could have taken any other course than that which they did take." With reference to the statement that one of the professionals be- longing to the English team applied the term "sons of convicts" to the persons who joined in the disturbance, and which statement was contradicted, the cricket reporter of the S. M. herald cites a letter from "a well-known citizen," who says he heard the remark, and that "it spread like wildfire round the ground. PROMPT SETTLEMENT.—By advertisement elsewhere it will be seen that two of the recent fires have fallen to the share of the London and Lancashire Fire Insurance Company. The in- sured express their satisfaction with the com- pany for as prompt settlement of their respect- tive losses. THE DIAMOND DRILL.— Mr. Newman, the officer at present in charge of the Government Diamond drill at the Great Southern, returned from Ballarat on Friday night, bringing with him a set of appliances necessary for the re- covery of the core liter and "bit," which were left the bottom of the bore hole when the rod were raised on last Tuesday evening. He started to work on Friday at midnight, and being anxious to get everything in proper order again, he and and assistants continued their endeavors to recover the pieces up till nine o'clock on Saturday night. The first operation performed was to enlarge the bore hole for the last 140 feet by boring with a somewhat larger "bit" made solid, so that the 8 feet of core, which was left standing at the bottom when the accident occurred, might he bored out. After this had been done, and the core-lifter was reached the rods were withdrawn, and as the men had been work- ing for nearly twenty-four hours continuously, Mr. Newman decided to knock off and make a fresh start this morning. A small " bit" has been prepared, which will bore out the piece of core remaining inside the core lifter and bit at the bottom of the hole, and when this has been done a taper screw with a very line thread will be let down aud screwed into the core lifter, by which means Mr. Newman has no doubt he will be able to lift the obstruction, the bore hole having been enlarged as stated. If the attempt should prove successful, of which very little doubt is entertained, a fresh start will be made as early as possible, and as there is now a plen- tiful supply of all requisites, such as core barrels, bits, diamonds, it is hoped that no further interruption will occur for some time at least. EDUCATIONAL CHANGES.— In Friday's Gazette it is notified that Mr. Samuel Ware, assistant inspector of schools, has been appointed to the position of vice- principal of the training institu- tion ; and Mr. J. Baldwin, inspector of schools, is to act as examiner in the place of Inspector C. A. Topp, who has been relieved. THE FOOTSCRAY VACANCY.— The Argus con- firms the statement of our Melbourne corre- spondent that Mr. T. Loader and Mr. W. M. K. Vale intend to stand for the Footscray vacancy in the Legislative Assembly caused by the death of Mr. M. L. King, and says the Re- form League is making active exertions to secure the Ministerial nomination for Mr. J. Fisher. The Herald of Saturday thus comments on the indecent haste which has been exhibited by eager aspirants for the vacant position:— Some fifteen candidates are already in the field for Footscray, and many of them are anxious to be announced at once. It surely savors of in- decency to push forward to till the vacancy before the remains of the late member are in- terred. We, therefore, for the present, hold over the names of the numerous aspirants for Parliamentary honors, who are willing to woo the constituency. THE NEW GOVERNOR.— The Marquis of Nor- MANDY, the new Governor, is expected to arrive in Hobson's Bay on Wednesday, 26th February, by the New Zealand steamer. THE LATE MR. D. MONTGOMERY.— Yesterday the funeral of the late Mr. D. Montgomery, mining manager of the United Hustler's and Redan Company, took place, and was very largely attended. Nearly all the prominent citizens interested in mining, and also a large number of mining and legal managers, paid their last tribute of respect to the remains of the deceased. The funeral started from the deceased's late residence in Valentine-street, and proceeded to the Back Creek Cemetery. The officers and members of the Loyal Sand- hurst Lodge of Oddfellows also joined in the mournful corege, and marched in front of the hearse. At the grave the Rev. Mr. Gregson performed the burial rites of the Baptist Church. DOG POISONING.— The practice of wantonly poisoning valuable dogs seems to have extended to Rochester. Our correspondent at that informs us that the celebrated greyhound dog Sambo, which was lately owned by Mr. E. Tidy, but now the property of Mr. W. Wright, was poisoned on Saturday. An emetic was administered to the animal, and a piece of putrid meat with a cut in it to hold poison was ejected from the stomach. Several valuable dogs died on Saturday from poison. Mr. Wright has stong suspicions of the perpetrator of the deed." SABBATH SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.— Three ser- mons were preached yesterday at the Long Gully Bible Christian Church in commemoration of the anniversary of the Sabbath school con- nected with it. At each of the services the church was crowded, and more especially in the evening, when many could not gain admission to the building. The Rev. A. Uglow preached an interesting sermon in the morning from 2 Samuel, 6th chapter, 20th verse, "Then David returned to bless his household. And Michal, the daughter of Saul, came out to meet David, and said, How glorious was the King of Israel eyes on ??? his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelesly uncovereth himself." In the afternoon the Rev. S. P. Webber conducted divine service, taking for his text, 2 Corinthians, 6th chapter, 10th verse — "As sorrowful, yet al- ways rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; is having nothing, and yet possessing all things." In the evening he again preached from Daniel, 1st chapter, 8th verse — "But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the King's meat, nor with the wine which he drank; thus, therefore he requested of the prince of the enuchs that he might not defile him- self." The choir and children, under the direc- torship of Mr. Jas. Tozer, sang a number of appropriate hymns selected for the occasion. The collections taken up during the day were considerably in advance of those made at the last anniversary. A tea and public meeting will be held this evening when addresses will be delivered by several ministers and other gentlemen. A DANGEROUS FOOTPATH.— On the Quarry Hill side of the railway bridge in Mitchell- street, between an unoccupied house known as Fielding's and Mr. White's store, at the corner of Mitchell and Palmerston streets, the foot- path is in a very dangerous state. Some months ago we called attention to this place, but nothing having been done to it, it has gone from bad to worse. The spot referred to runs by a vacant piece of ground, and is used in an irregular way as a short road from Palmerston to Mitchell street, the consequence being that a track has been cut into the centre of the path. There are also several spots where the earth has given way, and pedestrians having to pass the place at night, unless they be careful, run the risk of falling a depth of about 4 feet. ACCIDENT.— A youth, named Anthony McMahon, seventeen years of age, residing at Huntly, was engaged in chopping wood on Fri- day evening when he missed his blow, and the axe fell on his foot inflicting a very severe wound. He was brought to the Bendigo Hospital on Saturday, where his injuries were attended to. He remained in the institution for further treatment. UNITED PRIMITIVE METHODIST FREE CHURCHES.— The following is the confirmed list of stations to which ministers belonging to the United Primitive Methodist Free Churches have been appointed:— Adelaide, B. P. Mudge; Bal- larat, A. T. Glasson and W. J. Carlton; Bris- bane, K Turner; Geelong, J. L. Green; Heath- cote, S. Lenton and M. Bird; Hobart Town, R. Miller; Ipswich, A. Isaacs; Kew, H. Wallace; Lillydale, J. Barmingham; Fitzroy, J. Barton; Richmond, J. Westacott; Windsor, W. H. Rowe; Brunswick, D. Porrens?; Collingwood, J. Garden; Sandhurst, J. Ross; Shepparton, T. A. Bayley and J. H. Dawe; Stawell, S. Alden; Sydney, J. Bayley; Mooroopna, J. Richards; Wallsend, E. Adams; Williamstown, W. H. Chapman; Burwood, G. Hounsell; Rushworth, one to be sent; one wanted. THE BUSHFIRES AT COLAC.— Three men named John Martin, William Worth, and William Raper, and a lad, of the last-named were charged at the Colac Police Court on Friday with the careless use of fire. The defen- dant in each case was fined £5 and costs, with the exception of Raper's child, who was fined the nominal sum of one shilling, MINING MEETINGS THIS DAY.— South Vic- toria Amalgamated, H. Birch, 3; Adventure and Advance, H. Birch. 3 30; United Hustler's and Redan, H. Birch, 4.30; Central Hustler's, A Reeve, 3.30; Great Britain, Allan Reave, 4.30 Liverpool, Kirkwood, 7. STATE OF HER MAJESTY'S GAOL.— The follow- ing is the weekly state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Sandhurst, for the week ending15th February, 1879:— Last return, 67 males; 24 females. Since received, 13 males; 2 females; total, 80 males, 26 females. Since discharged, 12 males, 1 female. Total now in, 68 males; 25 females. Classified as follows:— Trial, 3 males; 0 female. Remanded, 2 males; 0 female. Default of fines, etc., 5 males, 3 females. Default of sureties, 5 males, 1 female. Imprisonment, 15 males, 3 females. Hard labor, 38 males, 10 females. SIR GEORGE BOWEN'S APPROACHING DEPAR- TURE.— His Excellency Sir George Bowen will vacate his position as Governor of Victoria, and take his departure from the colony by the mail steamer Siam on Saturday next. The usual formalities will be observed. The volunteer authorities will provide guards of honour at the Spencer-street station, and also at Williams- town, and the usual salutes will be fired from the Domain battery when His Excelllency leaves Melbourne, and from the Nelson when the mail steamer leaves the bay. In addition to that, it is intended to fire another salute at the Heads as the mail steamer passed through. This salute will be the first time that the guns in the new batteries at the Heads have been used. It is in- tended to fire alternate guns from Queenscliff and Point Nepean. The Government steamer Victoria will accompany the mail steamer a few miles down the bay. WOOL CATALOGUE.— We have received a catalogue of the wool show opened on Wednes- day last from Messrs. Hastings, Cunningham, and Co.'s Australian ??? Melbourne. The catalogue comrises 72 exhibits. GOLD, CALLS, AND DIVIDENDS.— We ex- perience much pleasure in directing attention to the magnificent list of dividends declared during last week, as affording unequivocal tesi- mony to the stability of the mining resources of this district. The circulation of so much money amongst the shareholders must have a beneficial effect, not only on mining, but on trade gene- rally. We believe we are correct in saying that at no period during the last two years has there been so large an amount distributed at one time. The dividend of the Bendigo Gas Company is included in the list; yet as a set-off there are two companies which, although they have not declared dividends, have money in hand sufficient to supplement the amount repre- sented in the list by £3,000, s that the actual profits resulting from the past fortnight's mining operations correctly stated amount to £12.000. The amount of dividends declared is in the aggregate £10,285, against which there is a sum of £700 made in calls, leaving a balance of dividends over calls of £9,585. TEMPORARY POLICE COURT.— Those who have business to transact this morning in the police court, will recollect that Mr. Webster, P. M., will sit in Warden's Court building, instead of at the town hall. CITY POLICE COURT.— Mr. M. Rundell, J. P., presided in this court on Saturday. A man named Wm. Tamley, arrested on warrant at Costerfield, was brought up and charged with having deserted his child since 25th June, 1978\. Defendant said he left the child in the care of a woman with whom he used to lodge, had corresponded with her since he left, and had no intention of deserting he child, and was prepared to take it back to Costerfield with him that day. The bench being satisfied with this arrangement, the defendant was discharged. THE WEATHER.— There was no change in the weather on Saturday, the day being clear and bright, with a cool southerly breeze blowing. On Sunday the wind got round to the east a little, and the temperature was warmer. Dur- ing the day heavy banks of thunder-looking clouds overspread the horizon, and rain seemed imminent, but during the night the weather cleared up again. BENDIGO HOSPITAL.— Report for the week ending 15th February, 1879 — Patients in hospi- tal. 8th February, 149; admitted during the week, 23; discharged, 31; died, 5; remaining in the hospital, 136. Mr. Abbott, a member of the visiting committee, attended on 11th instant, and considered 25 applications for out-door re- lief, all of which were granted. Total number of out-patients for the week, 151. EUCLID.— We have received from Messrs. Mason, Firth, and McCutcheon, a copy of the second edition of the first and second books of euchd, prepared bv Professors Andrew and Pirani. The second edition, a prefatory note informs us, has been carefully revised and cor- rected, but, very few changes having been made, it can be used in conjunction with the first edi- tion. which is stated to have found great favor amongst teachers and students. INQUEST.— On Saturday an inquest was held by Mr. Strickland, coroner, upon the body of Mr. David Montgomery, late mining manager of the United Hustler's and Redan Company, who accidentally met his death in a shocking manner on Friday, at the mine of which he was manager. The inquiry lasted about four hours, and the jury, which was almost entirely com- posed of miners, returned a verdict of acciden- tally killed, and expressed the opinion that the engine-driver was not to blame for the acci- dent. EAGLEHAWK POLICE COURT.— Mr. Webster, P. M., presided at this court on Saturday, and disposed of the business set down upon the books. A wood-carter, named Robert McWil- liams, was fined 10s. with 2s. 6d. costs for cutting timber below the size prescribed by the regulations. An appeal against assessment of rate of £54 in the Shire of Marong was lodged by John Down, but, after hearing evidence, the assessment was confirmed. WARDEN'S COURT.— The only business before the Eaglehawk Warden's Court on Saturday was the hearing of the lease application of J. Hewton, which Mr. Warden Webster recom- mended to be granted. TYPHOID FEVER.— This dreaded disease ap- pears to have made its appearance simul- taneously in various parts of the colony. In the Sandhurst district a few cases have been reported, one or two of which have proved fatal, though generally the disease has manifested itself as yet only in a mild form. Mrs. Courad Miller, wife of a hotelkeeper at Scarsdale, near Ballarat, succumbed to the disease on Thursday last. Dr. Crooke has resigned his seat on the Central Board of Health. The Melbourne contributions to the City of Glasgow Bank relief fund amount to £1,157. WASTE OF WATER.— Several very flagrant cases have been discovered by the officers of the Water Commission, in which the water has been shortly be summoned for their misdoings. ??? one instance, the chairman informed the com- mission on Friday night that a garden had been turned into a perfect quagmire, where a water- bailiff had sunk in mud up to his knees.— Ballarat Star. FAVORITISM.— For little acts of jobbery (writes a correspondent of the Star) recommend me to the present immaculate Ministry. The bulk sum of the grant in aid to shire councils would give each body just £1 9s. 8½d. for every £1 of rates, but the printed division of the grant displays favoritism. The shire of Alberton, in Gippsland south, represented by Mason, obtained £2 for every £1 of rates ; the shire of Hampden, represented by Longmore, £1 15s. 2d. ; Ripon, represented by Longmore, £1 15s. ; Dundas, represented by Sergeant, £1 15s. ; Benalla, represented by Sharpe, £1 15s. ; and Portland, represented by another faithful one, £1 15s. ; and the shire of Kyneton, represented by Mr. Young, an oppositionist, was cut down to 15s. 3d. in the £, but then Kyneton had the audacity to fete a Service, a Gillies, and other Opposition lights at a banquet, which was a very wicked thing to do. NEW INSOLVENTS.— Frederick Leggett, of Mooroopna, publican ; causes of insolvency — dulness (sic) of trade, inability to collect accounts, losses in business, and pressure of creditors ; liabilities — £245 19s. 9d. ; assets. £60 18s. 8d. ; deficiency, £185 1s. 1d. Mr. Shackell, official assignee. Mr. J. A. Greve attorney. Edward Stone, of Mooroopna, bootmaker; causes of insolvency:— losses in trade, bad debts, and pressure of creditors; liabilities, £110 11s. 1d. ; assets, £22 8s. 6d. deficiency, £94 2s. 7d. Mr. Shackell official assignee ; Mr. J. A. Grove, attorney. The following new insolvent filled his schedule at Echuca on Thursday: — Thomas Loohey, farmer, of Timmering. Causes of insolvency — Having experienced bad crops for the last three years, losses in cattle, and pressure of creditors. Liabilities — £720 14s 5d.; assets, £84 3s.; deficiency, £630 11s. 9d. Mr. Shackell, official assignee. Mr. A. E. Barry, attorney. "POP-POP".— A writer in the Castlemaine Representative says: — Nearly a quarter of a century ago a blackfellow was asked to go out as tracker after some bushrangers. "No fear. Too much sanguinary pop-pop." A friend of mine suggests the Victorian police, supposed to be in search of the Kellys, entertain the black- fellow's opinion, and carefully keep out of the way of "pop-pops." SWIMMING.— The Ballarat Star understands there is a probability of Victoria sending swimmers to England to battle for glory in foreign waters. McIndoe, who won the principal races at the swimming matches at Ballarat last week, and his brother, who are both well-known to be expert swimmers, are stated to be talking about taking a professional trip to Great Britain, and we have no doubt that if they do go they will render a good account of themselves. SNAKES.— Quite a scare was occasioned in the bar of a well-known hotel, on Saturday morning (the Herald says), by a tall, lean man, with a complexion tanned to a wash-leather appearance, prominent features, and keen eyes. He asked for a glass of ale; then, putting his hand into a small canvas bag he carried, he deliberately pro- duced a handful of snakes, which he proceeded, to coil round his neck and play with them. It was Shires. The effect on the nerves of the landlord may be surmised from the fact that shortly afterwards, wishing to wash a glass, he put his hand in the tub, and encountering therein a stray wineglass, emitted a wild yell, and darted to the other end of the bar with a velocity which excited the admiration of his most inf??? friends. AFRICANUS' "DERNIER RESSORT."— Daniel Henderson (Henderson Africanus), finding all efforts to settle his claims as delegate with those who appointed him futile, has placed the matter in the hands of his solicitor, who, on Friday, wrote the usual legal demands to Messrs. Rowan, McKinley, and Strachan, who Mr. Henderson holds, are the parties liable to him. If the case goes to court, some fun is anticipated.— Herald. A REVOLTING CASE.— Two young women of the unfortunate class were charged with vagrancy at Ballarat on Friday. They had been arrested in the hut of a Chinese, and the con- stables found them dancing in a perfectly nude condition before the assembled Mongolians. The girls were both suffering from delirum tremens at the time, and were too ill to allow of the case being gone on with. DR. CROOKE.— The Crown law officers (the Telegraph says) have had under consideration the question of instituting further legal proceed- ings against Dr. Crooke, upon a charge of pro- curing criminal abortion in the case of Mrs. Collins, but after carefully reviewing the evidence on Friday, it was considered that it would be unwise to attempt a prosecution unless further and more conclusive evidence than that given at the inquest could be obtained. The matter will therefore be left in the hands of the police to continue their inquiries. With regard to the act of Dr. Crooke in making an un- authorised post mortem examination, the officers of the Crown law department will not take any action, that being a matter in which they con- sider the relations of the deceased are the proper persons to take-steps. 