THE STORY-TELLER. A FINE FORTUNE/ Br J. C. F. JOHNSON. Author of On the Waltabt,' Oteb the islaxd/ ' christmas on CaRBINGA, etc,. m Chapter V. jepster a>D CO. In spring whea the wattle gold trembles > wist eh&dow; and Bhine ; When each deep-laden air-aranght resembles A long draught cf wine : When the sky-line'd blue bornish'd resistance Make-? nearer the dreamiest distance, Some boug in ail he rta hath existence— each songs hare been mine. A. L Gordon. It was a bright clear day in August when the little tattered tilt of Calico Jack's cart was to be seen moving through the openings in the park- like clearing, with its spreading blackwoods that surrounded the home station Of Willandoula. The swelling ridges were waving with long silky glass, golden with dandelions, and purple with wild hyacinths, which, with the clumps of yellow wattle or clusters of boxtree blossom, made the air heavy with fragrance. Here and there a hoary stump of some long-fallen forest giant was ablaze with trailing Kennedias, or 4 scar- let-runners, ' as they are usually termed, while the heaths, corizemas, and native violets helped to make up a carpet of gay colours such as no loom in the world ever wove, « nesting birds called to each other from the trees. No v an impudent cock magpie With shining black waistcoat came swooping uown on the moving cart, then passed away With a rush, and from some tall dead limb jjn a Durst of liquid melody proclaimed to his . niate the entire discomfiture of the intruder and his own undaunted bravery. Little Jacky Bluecap kept his bold beady ye on the swaying cart, as in bis handsome uniform of blue and black he marshalled his soberly-clad little company through the pernngs of the log fence, or a gorgeous king owry flew by in all the glory of his crimson «&t;, and, with a whistling shriek, flashed Out of sight in the belt of forest, the creek, all dry and dusty at the cross- A06 a- ew months before, was, now j oat the winter floods had passed, singing s?l« stonea m shallows, and gliding ently onward in the long holes where the water lay deep and still throughout nine months of the year. Where the blackfish, , ny but savoury spotted trout re- ' of A w angler, who wished a change and j m ke -earying round of mutton silo ,,mPer 5 where the turtles floated Sh!D, y, m the sunshine, and water-rats i shZ? about the rushy banks in the short ! twiHght ; where at times that most - the duck-billed platypus, aif„ !een pohlog his bird-like beakfrom f ®P of weed, to disappear like a shadow blaAirVf aoise ; : or where -a pair of nem would sometimes break the still- 1 Intn «. keeping poolsaS they skimmed teal TfF' or a ttlte flock of bright-eyed Bill . / quacking away as Bollock? that n Faw wkter fot the hut, causing a individual to consign himself to warm-place for not having brought his gUn. (son- boy — whoever was a boy <\- bonrso very eld how-a- deyS)— -has T»--T ' " "" — "C r.-'u i -f m ' ol the ffmEKW ijhhs ' Jvmoqo y.-l " - ' : at - 7<< th,t he tXht rShoff SJ m' ""» with his com- 0t tha rir. where llt amp fires, and imagined themselves explorere in far Aus- .Cmmg home tired and rStfof th? ' " !?"?« wittl them the results of the day s sport— long rushes strung bMtArfUn f r2.iUif mushrooms, rush baskets full of httle wild raspberries (a treat for mother), birds eggs, flowers, and boyish treasures of all sorts ; or at times-a special SfoaiWen looming hills threw their dusk shadows on thd water, clustered round the odorous stick fire, as the 'billy ' boiled for tea ; and as the glorious Cross of the j South slowly climbed the heavens, lay close together on the sloping bank, with the fire light from behind flickering on the river, and intently watched the floats of the eel lines with their white tips of cockatoo feather, whilst someone told the most blood- curdling stories of bushrangers,, bush-fires, and bush adventures of all kinds, interrupted now and again by a rush to a line, and the withdrawal from the water of a slimv wriggling, silver eel. Ik it true that genuine poetic sentiment really lurks beneath the rough manners and wild careless abandon of boyhood ? Else why do our boys always, as by a natural instinct, choose the most beautiful places in which to spend their happy holidays ? Ah! where is the old boy who has memories of such hours as these in early springs and glowing sum mers who cannot sing with poor old John Creean — IP. L?4be those happy times. O ! God be with my childhood." In the meantime, Calico Jack's little cart is jolting over the road, and he stops to water the old mare at the crossing-place be fore going through the last slip-panels to the station. As usual, he is talking softly to himself, ftnd this is what he is saying : I wonder will the little chap know me ; four, no six months since I saw him. Weil, please God, I'll take my fortune with me now j he'll be such company, and I can fill up time teaching him as much as I know my self, which ain t a great heap anyhow. There'll be a shindy with Mrs. O'Leary and the women folks, of course. Strange, women always think a man can't possibly kno v aught about a child. Well, we'll see what we shall see.' He flapped the reins on the old mare's back, and mounted the rise to the station huts, drawing up in front of the bark roofed slab mansion of Dan O'Leary, the stockman, amid a chorus of shrill Hurrahs ' and cries of 'Here's Jack,' from the throats of the numerous fiery-headed scions of the house. Jack patted the curly heads of several of the urchins, and, moving to the door, caught up in his arms a toddler of about to years old, who, it was very easy to see, was not of the O'Leary stock, and who was shyly clinging to the doorpost, but who, upon being raised, put his arms round the old man's neck, and, nestling close to him, said softly, ' It's Dzack.' It was as pretty a picture of youth and age as one would wish to see, as the old hawker, passing through the low doorway, seated himself on a settle with the little fellow clasped in his arms, and the sweet baby face pressed close to his weather-beaten cheek. So thought buxom Mrs. O'Leary, as, in a state of dishabille, she rushed out of the inner room, and, shaking the old man by the hand, cried, 'Faith, Jack, ye can ht me changin' meself, but sure I cudn'fc stop till I was tidied up wantin' to see ye.' Beauty unadorned, you know, Mrs O'Leary,' replied the old fellow gallantly, ' is ' Usha, be aisy now, Jack, an' don't be talkin' nonsense, an' me wantin' to know how ye are thesesix months, and how's yer rhenmatis this winther, an' did ye Wear the red flannin' that I tould ye, for it's only red flannin' that has the vartue, an' did ye take the yarb tay I made ye ; an', oh, Lord, how are ye at all, at all, and the darlin' there only axin' yestherday for Dzack.' I've been well and hearty, thank you kindly, Mrs. O'Leary ; and how have you all been ? I needn't ask about the boy, his cheeks answer for the care you have taken of him, for which Heaven bless you.' Holy Vargin, is it the weeshy darlin' ? Faith, an' why would I be thanked for what 'twas a pleasure to do? Indeed, Jack, an' do you think 'tis a haythen Turk I am that I wouldn't do me best for him V And has Captain Foringham made out anything .more about the poor woman that I found dead ?' enquired the hawker, 'or about the child?' Divil a ha porth more nor ye told yerself at the inquist ; but, d'ye know, Jerry Graham was over from Pin. alia lasht month, an' he was fcellin' Mrs. Tom Markley — that's at tho out station over beyant— that just a week or so before you found the woman he was out over our run lookin' for some horses that's missin' ever since, and When he came up to Crosscut Dick s shanty in the peper-' mint paddock, where he wa? fencin' thin, he f heard a woman's voice as if she was singin' to a child, but whin they heard his horse comin the singin' hushed, an' Dick kem to the doore an' didn't want him to come in, but led him away, purtendin' for to show him some horse thracks was down by the Myrtle Creek.' ' Did Captain Foringham hear this ?' said Jack. - ( ' He did thin, but sure 'twas no use. Dick got his cheque and dared out a month ago, when he -finished up that hit :av fencin?, and nobody knows where he'sgone to ; But they1 say that there's been three or four otid hands av the' wronj soort round lately, an' that there s horses missin' from all the sta tions about. Troth, it s mesself that sever cud beat that Dick. ; There was gallus marked in his' ugly face if ever I seen it any- - where.'','" 'f ' - . > Well, 1 11 make it my-busmess : to look that tip a bit,' said Jack. D'ye, know I had a notion ; all ; alori xhkt ;Crc«jBQut Dick sdmettuiLg- abbot jthe Wy hbayehis ansaners once hearing hizhlay hed left a wifeia the' old country. I wonder could that woman we buried have been her. By Geotge ! Mrs. OLeary, did the woman have a wedding ring on when you laid her out, because she had when I found her, and it just strikes me I didn't see it on her hand when we were holding the inquest ' Well, thin, she didn't,' said Mrs. O'Leary; ' but by that same token I showed Mrs. Markley, that was helpin' me, the mark on tbe finger where the ring wonst was, and said she was a married woman.' 'Then we must get this properly looked up,' said Jack. 'This little. .chaps fortune depends, perhaps, on clearing up who the woman was; Somehow, you know, Pnever thought she was his mother, for the boy I shows breeding to my mind, and she was only a working woman, but, Lord, you never can tell. However, he goes with- me now, and I'll see Captain Foringham before 1 go to sleep to-night.' What's that you're saying, J ack, about takin' the babby wid you ?' said Mrs. O'Leary sharply. 'Are ye mad, an' us takin' the finest of good care of him an' willin' to bring him up ? You cudn t rare him anyway. I found him, and I mean to keep him,' said Calico Jack firmly. ' Bosh about me not rearing him. Why not, I d like to know? D ye think I don't know how to take care of a youngster ? Now I know what you're going to say. Weil, and what if I didn't ever own a child before? I'm going to have one now anyhow.' 'But, Jack, be rasinable now an' listen to me.' ' No ; I've said it and I'll stick to it. He's the fortune I foiind on a New Year's Day, and I'm going to stick to him. Lor bless you, I understand babies a little, I hope. Besides, thi3 Here chap ain't a baby. Are you, young nn V said he to the now laughing child that he was dancing on his knee. ' Why, he's grown a man almost in the time you've been taking care of him, Mrs. O'Leary. What's your name, sir ?' 'Fed.,' lisped the child. ' Fred, it is ; right you are, but Fred, what?' 'Fed. Fotin.' Hoera for you ! Give us your hand, Mr. Fortune. I'm proud to know you, sir. I've ; a proposal to submit to you, sir. I thought of taking you into partnership, of asking you to take a share in my perambnlating general storekeeping business. J epster and Fortune. That sounds well, anyhow ; or, let's see — J epster and Co. Ah ! that's better. You 11 be a sleeping partner. How'll that mi it you ? I'll get the sign pnt up in front of the door as soon as possible.' ' What do you say to that idea, Mrs. O'Leary ?' 4 Faith ! I say you're the funniest crathnr out- an'-out iver I clapped me two blessed eyes on since I was born, so you are, Jack. But now — 'And fine black eyes they are, Mrs. O'Leary ; and a proud man Dan O'Leary ought to be to have such a pleasant-featured woman to look at night and morning,' inter rupted the wily old hawker. „ Arrah, to the deuce wid yer blarnying tongue, Jack. v Sure is it making a fool of me you'd be? said the not displeased matron. But now come, be a retainable crathur for wanst, an' say you'll lave the babby wid me that can take the best care av him V But, Mrs. O'Leary, you forget the advan tages which I offer to this young gentleman in return for his services as sleeping partner in the concern.' ' Oh, batherashin wid yer 'vantages. Don't be sittin' there forninst me actin' loike a fool.' 'Be this an' be that, but I better be travelling back the way I kem,' said the head of the house of O'Leary, putting his head inside the door at this juncture. Faith, av it s that way herself does be talkin' to you Jack, it's the contints av the three- stool she's got ready for me. Shure, what 8 this all, I'd loike to know ?' Oh, thin, Dan, will you talk to this hathin that's goin' to carry the babby, that I rared a'most from the dead I may say, out into the woild worrld wid himself an' his crabbed ould dog in that licketty ould shandherydan that he does be callin' his thravellin' emporium, cried the wife. 'Well, good woman, shure Jack has the best roight to say what'll he do wid the child; not but what I'm sorry he's goin to take it away whin we'd got to love it, the crathur. But, Molly, haven't we the childhur av our own to console us ?' My dear friends, ' said Jack, feelingly, 4 1 owe you a good deal for the kindness you've shown to my little Fred., but I'm in earnest when I say I mean to have him »ith me ; not altogether for my own sake, though he'll be right good company for me that has heen so much alone, but because I mean to protect him, and, if possible, to find out who and what his friends are. If anything should happen to the boy I would not forgive my self, and I can t help fancying that Crosscut Dick may have some notion of interfering with him, as I really thiuk he's had some thing to do with bringing him here. So I'll see Captain Foringham to-night, and in the morning little Fred, and I will begin a new life as partners in the travelling emporium.' Chapter VI. an" old SCHO jl squatter. That in toe captain's but a cho'.erie wprd. MEASURE Bps &EASUBE.; " S» ani no helps another ; kms worhb and no man sees so plain As he he sees, excepting those Whp are stone blind, and know it. ; A Sour, in Pais »n. In these days of enlightenment and pro gress nil are so well informed that they are thoroughly posted up in the geography and physical features of the. Loo Choo Islands and in the social characteristics of the Loo X a rfenders; and even know something of distant laud Australia, - of re>i caPa now understood to fee either, Ceelong or Port Darwin—but ak oae ls asuburb Of the otjier it does hot mu;h matter which—and it is also well-known w Ad&ttde;, Now vriBosne. v .; ./! .>.# . -.i? i k iH i' " vol icl .'.ihb b almost superfluous to say .that the conditions of - life of U- grades -in the -eolenies have materially altered during the past twenty- five years. , People who then began at the bottom of the social ladder have reached the top, whilst many who in early days were perched at a dizzy altitude above their fellows, feave since. Humpty-Dumpty-like, ' had a great fall,'; and may now be found straining their eyes after the rapidly disap pearing forms of their more energetic or more fortunate rivals. If the hypothesis be correct that it takes four generations to make a gentleman, as many people hold, then the flourishing group of provinces that compose the embryotic Empire of the future Australian nation is far too young to have as yet a genuine aris tocracy. An aristocracy of wealth we have, and are rapidly acquiring an aristocracy of letters ; but it will take many years yet ere we have a patrician class corresponding to those of the lands from which our people were derived. We have laid the foundation whereon such a structure may be reared, the bottom course of which is or was composed of careful long-headed fellows without high birth, good education, or large fortune to assist them, .who succeeded in accumulating vast wealth, and in many cases enormous landed estates, often as extensive as an English county. In the beginning of all civilisation the feeder of flocks and herds is the pioneer, and so it has been in the settlement of the superior race in the 'Great South Land.' Therefore in Australia a considerable majority of our most prominent men are either pastoraliats or interested more or less in pastoral pursuits. Fortunes — and great fortunes too—have been made by other mcdes, but although' we find him rather in the way now at times, and are inclined to cry out at the manner in which he has been permitted to become the owner of immense tracts of valuable land, that should have been the heritage of the people, it cannot be denied that it is to the 'squatter,' or stock farmer, that the development of this outlet for the overcrowded countries of Europe is mainly if not entirely due. And if fortune has smiled upon him, and his lines are now cast in the pleasantest of pleasant places, surely he has earned his success, if only for the dangers he has passed,' for the difficulties he has overcome, for the hardships he baa endured, and for the pluk and energy he has displayed in discovering and stocking the hitherto unvisited and unknown lands of the interior. Head Julian Woods on 'Australian Exploration, and leam from his graphic pages what the earl er settlers endured, and what with very slender re sources they achieved in the way of extend ing their geographical knowledge of the vast territory of which so little was known, and let their works speak for them. The squatter lord has now his town house, his carriages, horses, troops of servants to wait ou him, and all the luxuries he ran de sire. Then his home was a bark hut, very little better than that of his. neighbours the savages, his means of locomotion a stock horse or a ballock dray, for servants a few assigned convicts, who did as little as they could, or turned bushrangers and robbed him. He might possibly get a blackfellow to wait on him, bat, if so, it was usually behind a tree he waited, Spear or waddy in hand, and the luxuries of his (the settler's) season were mutton and damper, with damper and mut ton for a change, and often little enough of either. The men who, as a rule, did not do well for themselves were the gentlemen, who began their colonial experience with capital. There are, of course, numerous exceptions, but as a general rule this has been found to be the case. Even now there are hundreds of well born and well-educated men occupying most menial positions in both town and country, who began with the fairest prospects. One of the exceptions was Captain Foring ham, the owner of Willandoula. He had been an officer in one of the regiments, a por tion of which was sent out to New South Wales, in the early part of the century, to control the convicts. In 1835, after Major Mitchell had made his splendid discovery of the fine lands of Australia Felix, Captain Foringham, who had become possessed of a small capital by the death of a relative in England, retired upon half-pay, and deter mined to try his fortune in the newly-found country, now the famous Western District of Victoria. The Captain's long residence in Australia had given hip a valuable insight into colonial life and requirements, and he exercised sound judgment in his selection of the beautiful site for his station, about twenty miles from where the city of Ballarat now stands. He was a widower with one son, who. at the time to which we how refer, was in England, having just completed his college terms, and was anxiously expected to return and take his place in the management of the property. The Captain was a dapper little gentleman of about fifty-eight years of age, who bore himself like a man of thirty. His grizzled hap was always cut short in the military fashion, his lip and chin were cleanly shaved, bul; he wore, short severely clipped side whiskers. He had keen pale-blue eyes and aquiline nose of very large proportions, and prided himself on his resemblance to the Duke of Wellington. He was short- tempered and impatient of contradiction, but really kind-, hearted, and his anger was generally short lived. He believed devoutly in Church and State, and English superiority over the rest of the universe. He carefully read the ser vice of the Church of England to his as sembled household every Sunday morning, and considered himself a most orthodox jman, whereas he was, in truth, an out- and out free-thinker, though he would never permit freedom of thought in others, or admit that it was one of his own characteristics. Nothing made Captain Foringham more dogmatically orthodox than the presence of anyone whom he suspected of holding he terodox views or opinions ; therefore the arriyal Of Old Jack Jepeter was always the signal; fot the Captain to hoist the flag of Churcjh'' fad, State, and as he dearly loved an argument he would be sure to have the . old to the hoiise at eaoh visit, for the Ostensible puiOsO Jof' bringing him to a pfoito state of toihd But retlly to have- a Jjwl hotftydftpittf with hlmoiialtaast any I t K - . -i , , -V I J ing clergyman of the Established Church, on tee contrary, provoked in the Captain a vio lent fit of opposition to all orthodox theology and ecclesiastical authority, so that gentle 'peace-loving Mr. Morley, the curate, had a hard time Of it at Willandoula. Yhe Captain was Standing in the verandali adth a telescope in his hand, whidh he was directing to a distant portion of the plain where some of his men were yarding sheep. Hearing a footstep he turned, and greeted his theological enemy with a pleasant amife, 'Well, yon old heathen, are you back again ?' he said laughingly, ' Take a seat Jack, and excuse me half a minute ; those confounded fools out there have gone and boxed a lot of Naylor's sheep with mine, and it will be a deuce of a job to get them separ ated without knocking them about now thsy are so heavy in fleece. After watching the drafting operation for a while, and dispatching a messenger on. horseback with some instructions, the Cap tain shut up the telescope with a snap, and turning to the old hawker, said : ' Well, you old sinner, what can I do for you now ?': . ' know that you can do anything hut I just wanted to mention a thing or two to you ; and Jack detailed his surmises and suspicions with regard to the dead woman, and the child, and ended by saying that he- purposed taking the little fellow with him. This was the Captain's opportunity, and he at once broke in ' Take him with you, indeed ; a pretty thing that truly, to give him the benefit of your infidel opinions, you old rascal. Teach him that there's no after-life of reward or punishment, and remove all incentive for him to be a God-fearing and honest man. ' No, sir ; though I might tell him wo have no actual knowledge of what the future life will be, but that it is nobler and mors worthy of our God-given higher nature to love God, not fear him ; to prove that love by our actions to our fellow- men, and to be honest and virtuous without hope of reward or fear of punishment.' ' And do you dare to say, sir— -do you ac tually dare to say — that you would put aside all revelation and teachings of the Church and would remove all restraint ? Why, sir your, sentiments are worthy of a French Red Republican, but not of a man who professes to be an Englishman. Your doctrines would be subversive of all law and order. ' ' No, indeed, sir ; if we could only educate men up to ik they would see that it is their highest privilege and happiness to be good for the good's sake. No man, sir, can have a greater restraint than that of an educated conscience, and I believe that conscience after all, is only educated higher conscious ness, and to remove all such mean incentives as reward or punishment, and train men up to the knowledge of the nobility of manhood would be the most effectual way to make them virtuous and happy.' ' Bah, bah ! French Communism and atheism of the worst type. The opinions you hold will take you— where, I don't care ta say ; but there's my tea bell ringing, so I have not time to stay and show you the utter falsity of your argument ; but if you have nothing to do after tea, you might come up and we will finish that controversy we left- off in the middle of the last time you were here, on the authenticity of Genesis. I want to convince you, sir, of the absurdity of your notiou about the dual authorship and the mingling of the two writings.' Then, as Jack withdrew, tee Captain mut tered to himself, Confound his cleverness ; he speaks like a parson. No, I wrong him ; if the parson spoke as well on the other side, I m hanged if he wouldn't make a convert of me. I wish I knew who this old fellow was. He is certainly not a gentleman born, but he is a true gentleman notwithstanding, and, what's more, he's an infernal clever fellow. This was a sample of the usnal war o words that ensued whenever Captain Foring ham and the hawker met. Jack came up after tea, and concluded the argument on. Genesis, but took the precaution to settle the business with respect to the boy before hand. And so satisfactorily that the Captain offered to be at the expense of sending the lad to school when he was older, if Jack wished it. Be then proceeded to get into & towering rage, and, consequently, into a hopeless muddle over- the point in dispute ; and, after almost having a fit of apoplexy from passion, calmed down, subdued but not conquered, and concluded the battle in the usual way by ringing for tumblers and hot water, and brewing a couple of stiff glasses of whiskey toddy from his own private bottle. And next day, in the bright exhilarating freshness of the cool spring morning, when the sun's rays were slopin over the ranges and making the dew-laden uplands sparkle with countless diamonds, the hawker har nessed the old mare to the little cart. Then the white-headed man and the golden-haired baby set out on their travels as the strangely- assorted firm of 4 Jepster and Co.' (to be continued.) Wayfarer; "Can I get through ihT« way to tbe Agricultural Show, my man Farm servmt: "Oh, 'eea— nicely, ,Ur- straight on till yer comes ter the medder where Stiles s bull's kep what killed a man the other week ; go aorost there through the plantation, on'y take keer of the man traps an eprlng-gnns ; then yer comes to a held where they are aburntn rubble and siftin cmders ; t'other eide yer'ii find a riokyard, on'y mind the blood'ound wot'a kP tbeer, un bites ; then yer'R m yer way qiifce easy. . Newly marrtkd husband : " This k - friend of mine, rnv de.r_, friend «f twenty J"? Hi» brd,; "GoX grMknu-Then pi »y give him wet fori am sure he must be tired," 