THE WEST BOUKKE ELECTION. TO THE EDITOR OP THE COC&IQU; RIB,—Your leader of Monday was marked by a calm and^idicial contideratiou of the above case, which was Lighly gratifying even where it did not convince, and therefore X regretall the more that your leader of to-day i6 disfigured by the old vice of party spirit and party injustice. I accept in all sincerity your assurance that you would gladly see some method by which the disfranchised electors of ft ewham might be enabled to record their votes, bet von may also rest assured that not one fair and sensible man in the district will admire your attemot to whitewash the Government in this infamous 'business. A more scandalous wrong has never been perpetrated npon any body of electors than has been done to the electors of Kewfam The gros6ness of the business is seen in the statement cf tbe -4j>e, that tbe district is one of " Mr Harper's strongholds, and that as every exertion would be made to poll votes for him. the Liberal can- didate might be deprived of his majority." la other wards, as it is just possible that if the election as a whole were fairly completed as it ought to have been, MrDeakifi might be rejected; therefore the people of Newham are to te denied justice, and the election — to result in the representation of tbe minority. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen may ficd legal quibbles, and the Ministry may affect a quite unexpected super-sr-"^ tive regardior the letter ol the law, but every comi sense man can see that the Aft blurted out tbe truth in tLe paragraph I have quoted. Ought not every honest' man, irrespective of party, to nice his voice against proceedings such as these ? The disfranchisement of these electors as an electioneering trick of tbe very lowest sort that •every right-thinkingvoter in the colony should resent. He need care very little who those in power are, so long as they are fair, honest men who have the country's welfare at heart, and will not go beyond the legitimate bounds of party warfare, tie knows they are but for a time, and their mistakes and errors of judgment will correct themselves by the infallible tests of dearly bought experience; but actions suth as this one tend to carnxpt our politics, and corruption has cursed every nation into which it has crept Injustice by one tide begets injustice on the other, wrong-doiog brings repri-ald of wrong- doing, and through the train of evils that follows the moral sense of a people Is perverted and debauched. As has been pointed out, ir Newham can thus be disfranchised, it is only necessary for any Government toistue a short supply of ballot-papers to parts they know are hostile to them; and if there is n< medy afterwards, they can gain an election easily, is not marvellous, too. that, though the 6aine difficulty has arisen on no less than four previous occasions, and on each the ballot wa6 adjourned, yet none of our previous Attorney-Generals ever tbcugh: of raising the point Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has raised, though they included among them men who were quite equal to, if not far beyond, that gentleman in legal ability. In Queen«town, Linton, Omeo, and Fryer's Creek, the ballot-papers have run ebort, tbe ballot has been adjourned, and the whole proceeding recognised afterwards as perfectly legal, without a word oFdftmnr from anybody; it being reserved for Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to raise his small legal quibbles—ard legal points are usually very abhorrent to plain fair-dealing men—in order to secure tbe seat for bis hard- pushed nominee. Let every man study the words of the 13lst clause, and lie will see that'the deputy returning officer was thoroughly right In the course be took, and that postponement of tbe poll exactly mat the case. Look how explicit the words are—" where or unavoidable impediment, misfeasance, a omission 6hall have happened, the Governor ii Council may take aU tuck measures as may be necessary for removing such impediment, or rectifying xudi misfeasance or omission, or to declare any or all of the proceedings at or for any election valid as to and notwithstanding such impediment, misfeasanoe, and omisrion. n The words I hive emphasised place the question beyond a doubt If tbe retwnlag office) directs an adjournment of the polL is not that clearly a part of the proceedings at the election, and di es not the act provide that 6uch may be validated ? Tbe 126th and 127th clauses specifically name certain causes for adjournment, but they do not exclude other clause?, o'lierwise the 131st would be useless verbiage. The framers of the act saw, as sensible men, that a thousand aocidents might happen, especially in a newly-settled country like this, that could not be specifically provided for in written law, and therefore they gave the largest sweep of power in the 131st clause, in order that all honest causes whereby electors might be prevented voting shcnld be provided for, and thus hardship be avoided. In the case of Orneo, a fall of snow prevented the poll being tateu; that was the "unavoidable impediment" referred to in the act. as would be the case of the po'liag-brotb being burned down by bush-fires,to go to tbe other extreme. Or a violent oartisan returning officer might in some exciting juncture in our-politics deliberately destroy the ballot-papers in a place where he knew the electors were against bim: that would be tbe 41 misfeasance" the act has in mind. Or, lastly, the ballot- papers may be too few, as In the case now before as: that is the u accidental omission" the act specifically names. The act intends that in unlocked for emergencies tbe returning officers or their deputlei shall have the power to meet these to the befct of their abilities, so that no wrong may be done from causes beyond the control of the electors, it being left to the Government, who are responsible to Parliament, to confirm such actioo if they deem it was right The case Is as clear as noonday, and the action of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen stands out as a tyrannicaland shameless exereire of power on behalf of a partisan, that every man who wishes to see our elections fairly carried out ought to unsparingly denounce—I am, yours very truly, JAMES CAMPBELL. ? ? Tuesday. f We deal with this letter in our leading columns.— Ei. J?.C] 