ITEMS OF NEWS. We have received the seventh annual report of the Victorian Society for the prevention of cruelty to animals. Messrs Keast and Co.'s establishment will be closed to-day and to-nlorrow to allow of their : stock being re-marked for their clearing sale. The old woman named Margaret Eaton, who was found trespassing on the railway line at Chewton on Tuesday evening, was brought up at the police court yesterday. It having appeared that she had wandered away without well know ing where she ivas going, she ivas admonished to be more careful in future, and w;is- discharged. Herndon's Star Dramatic Company of 17 artists are announced to appear in the Theatre to morrow night, in tlie drama of the Irish Exile, which will be produced for the first time in this town. The drama is described as being replete with sensational effects, thrilling incidents, bril liant tableaux, and Irish wit. Mr Wallace, who takes the principal character, lias achieved a success in it by his natural and finished acting. At the annual meeting of the Christ Church congregation, held on Monday evening, the fol lowing officers were elected for the ensuing year. As churchwardens, Mr W. C. Halford will re present the Archdeacon, Mr Thorburn tlie trus tees, and Mr A. Bristoiv the congregation. The vestrymen are Messrs Young, T. Bristoiv, Per- kin, Ozanne,, Holmes, Partridge, Gibson, and Summes. The auditors are Messrs Hylantl and Courtney. » The heat was greater yesterday than on any day this season, or than on any day for years. At one o'clock the thermometer rose to 103Adeg. in the shade at Mr Farroll's, and at four o'clock it went up to llOdeg. In tho sun it registered I55deg. The sun shone with great fierceness, and the radiation from tlie ground was almost blinding. In orchards, plums that were green on the trees in the morning were, in the after noon, roasted on the side exposed to the rays, and a great deal of fruit has in this way been destroyed. A platelayer named .Robert Eddy, who was working on tlie railway line at the Porcupine, joined along with some of his fellow-ivorkmen yesterday in beating out a bush-fire that ivas raging, but while thus engaged lie got a sum goods train that passed about lialf-past three o'clock, and when he arrived at the station he was carried off to tlie hospital, but a few hours after his admittance briiin fever set in, and he expired. It i3 reported that a man died of sunstroke at Glenlyon on Tuesday. So many accidents have been caused through lighting fires with kerosone that the publicity which lias been given to tlie penalties resulting from tho dangerous practice should have been sufficient to warn people froin falling into sucli mishaps, but this is not so. At Sandhurst on Tuesday the Advertiser states a girl named Angelina Sherman, who resides with Tier parents in M'Crae-street, was lighting a fire, and for expediency's sake she poured oil tlio lire a little of the oil from a kerosene lamp ; the conse quence was that the lamp exploded, and she was very severely burned on her legs, face, arms, and eliest. Her father, Richard Sherman, rushed to the rescue of liis daughter, and got so severely burned himself on his hands that lie was also obliged to be admitted to the hospital. Both patients were .tiding . well last (Tuesday) night, and it is to be hoped that the narrow escape these parties have liad will bo a warning to others. The annual meeting of members of the Castlemaine district of the G.U.O.O.F. ivas held yesterday at tho Imperial Hotel, at which delegates attended from various bodies. District Brother Stephens occupied the chair. The report of tho officers, which was read, showed chat the order had made a considerable increase of members last year, although tlie population of the district was either stationary or liad been on the decrease. The funds were in a flourish ing condition. The claims for funeral donations for the year only amounted to £55, and the assots showed a balance to credit of £1129 17s 6d, being equal to £3 I3s 9d per member. Elections for the ensuing year resulted as fol lows : — District Master, Bro. Henry Boyle ; Deputy-District Master, Bro. Williams ; Trea surer, Bro. Skews; Secretary, Bro. Tolstrup. A unanimous vote of thanks was recorded to the retiring District Master, Brother Henry Stephens, for liis efficient services. After the business of tlio lodge was ovor, the brethren sat down to dinner, and passed a social evening together, in which there was much "friendship and love" exuded towards each other. The chair was occupied by Bro. Boyle, who enacted tho part of general loador of tho brotherhood. Aftor duo attention had been paid to the viands, he introduced tho usual toasts, which were duly honoured, and followed by others belonging to tho order, amongst which were the Officers of tho District Council, pro posed by Mr Bro. Ronaldson, responded to by Bro. Tolstrup ; tho G.U.O.O.F. , Past District Officers, Delegates of the Daylesford Lodge, and the Press. Many songs ivero rendered agreeably, which contributed to the hilarity of the meeting, which broke up at a timely hour. One of the inconveniences in oounoctiou with tlie law which requires that an inquest shall bo field in afl cases of sudden death, ovon where the cause is so transparent as to noodno inquiry being made about it ocourrod yesterday. Tlie miner Nesbot, who was killed through tho earth earth in a drive falling in upon him, was, after the accident, carried to his own homo, where liis body, through the heat of the weathor, swelled and beeamo so offensive that liis family removed for the night to sleep in the bush. There was no doubt as to tho origin of his death, yet thero must needs be an inquiry respecting it, though that inquiry by a coroner and twelve liioii could elicit nothing beyond what tho police in the ordinary discharge of their functions could ascertain, which was simply that tlio man was killed in a drive. Yet, in obediouco to tlio law of circumlocution, that this man should not be buried until tlio paraphernalia was gono through to pronounco that tho man was dead without tho assistance of a medical practitioner, ' the funeral of Nesbit was delayed yesterday .for several hours, until it at length took placo with out a magisterial inquiry, which coiild have been made in an hour. It was, liowovor, thought proper to telegraph to Sandhurst for Mr Strick land, tlie coroner, to empanel a jury to return a verdict that Nesbit was killed through the drive falling in upon him, but Mr Strickland only arrived after the interment. Probably there may bo more heard about this affair that will add some furthor agony to tlio wife and family of tho deceased. Mr Strickland came from Sand hurst yesterday and empanelled a jury to find how Field ivas killed, and as a matter of course the jury found what was known before, that he ivas accidentally killed. At the Eaglohaivk road on Tuesday a kanga roo dog sprang at a horse which stumbled and threw its ridor with great violence on tho metalled road, whereby he ivas stunned. In the- evening it ivas rumoured lio liad died, but this proved incorrect, however. It behoves owners of dogs addicted to tiie practice of flying at horses' heels to keep such animals on the chain. At Balranald on Tuesday evening a man nained Crabtrec, whilst trying a paddle boat near the township, was drowned by the upsetting of the boat. Tho deceased was well known and respected. Ho loaves four children. His wife died in Victoria two years ago. i'lie Titrraiigower Times says : — The missing Link tribute party continue breaking out excel lent crushing sloiie. Tilly had a trial of 1G tons of stone, at Rickard and Gray's mills, broken before the rich stone was reached, for 22oz 2divt — Hinc aiid Co. , Linscott's reef, crushed 40 tons at Pollard's niills for 41oz 2dwt of gold. The chvimholders on Maybon reef aro on , tho gold again, and the party in the top claiin aro in hopes of having their first crushing very shortly. Mr Matthew Burnett (says the Age) is wanted again at Colliiigivood. The fortnight before he commenced liis meetings there the charges for drunkenness and petty offences resulting from inebriety numbered thirty-nine. During the fortnight after he had left they dwindled down to eleven. There was a marked diminution of crime during December, the whole of tho charges amounting to only 37 cases. During the present month there has been a rapid increase of drunkenness and its concomitant petty crimes, for up to yesterday tlio number of charges of that nature at the Colliiigivood court amounted to seventy-one. Fitzroy is keeping well abreast of Colliiigivood in that respect. The Pleasant Creek Advertiser of the 28th inst. writes: — " Ono of the most peculiar characteristics of the present summer is the abundance of manna which is now exuding from many of the native trees. A sample was brought to this offico on Friday last, by Mr Moorfoot, of Carrolls's Cutting, Big-hill, and he says that from nearly all the trees in that neighborhood a large quantity is being exuded, and the childr'en gather it as it drops to the ground. At Opossum Gully a number of the trees glisten with manna, and with the sun sparkling upon tlie foliage a new beauty is added to tlie scenery. For many years past thero lias been a most noticeable absence of this natural Sweetmeat in the bush iii the locality." The accumulation of wheat at Murtoa Railway station has readied Unprecedented proportions. The estimate between the. various computations is tliat there are now 12,000 bags awaiting tran sit. These are in great part unprotected from the weather. Large buyers informed me to-day that they would make no more purchases. until the quantity at the station is reduced. There is ail abundance of trucks for the work, but insuffi cient locomotive power, which is no>v dependent on the engines furnished by tlie contractors. Tlie stoppage of purchasing will have the effect of Compelling farmers to conio oii'with their grain to the Staivoll market, where the price, exclusive of railway carriage, is Id. per bushel higher. The announcement of the discovery of rich quartz reefs in India turns out to be exaggerated. Tlie Pall Mall Gazette of 29th November says : — u Tlin pvdlpmfiiit oi-ooiorl, 1». n.r— ._r» o1- omytlis report upon the gold-bearing quartz reefs in the Wynaad district of Madras appears likely to subside as. the facts coiii'e to be moor closely inquired into. Already those who have tested tlie quartz by the crushing mill, and the amalgamators find, as usual in such cases, that .the laboratory assay is one thing and the amount of gold actually realised another. A return of from two to ten pennyweights of gold per ton, which seems to have been the result of workings sinco 1874, is probably far nearer tho truth than- the two to 200 ounces to the ton with which we -were dazzled in tne telegrams. Very possibly; wlieii the reefs aro thoroughly examined by practical miners will be found capable of paying for the: heavy expenditure that will have to be incurred but thero will be no rush to take up and work claims. It is now well understood that quartz mining is a very hazardous enterprise and calls large capital and considerable skill. While there- : fore, the Government of India should give every facility to private' adventurers to work these miucs, and afford such persons all necessary in formation, wo may hope that no idea ofint redu cing a gold currency will induce auyhpdy to put other than the soberest view of tlie ' "discoveries' before the public. " Two curious arrests were made by the police on Monday. Tliey arose (says the Argus) out! of a trivial ease of larceny. It appears that on ' Monday morning a woman named Mary Gilfoyle, living in Carlton, called at a small shop in O'Con- nell street, Hotliam, kept by a Mrs Johanna Moon. Whilst she ivas there Mrs Moon dis covered that she had been robbed of a few shill ings. Bailing up Mrs Gilfoyle she searched her, ' and found the money, with the exception of a 2s piece, concealed in her stockings. As this 2s. was not forthcoming she gave Mrs Moon a sound: beating, and then went to the Hotliam Police : Court, where she obtained a warrant for her ar rest on. a charge of larceny. A constable ivas sent with her to Carlton to execute the warrant. In the meantime Mrs Gilfoyle had gone to the 1 City Police Court offices and obtained there a : warrant for the arrest of Mrs Moon oil a charge of assault. A constable was also sent with her to execute this warrant. The two pairs met ex- ' actly in Elizabeth strcot north, and the consta- ' bios addressing each other simultaneously, ex- 1 claimed "Why, you've got tlio very ivolnan I : want. After an explanation, oiie policeman ar rested the companion of the other, and vico vorsa, and the women woro both marched lis pri soners to tlio Hotliam lock-up. Subsequently tho woman Gilfoyle complained so much about the injuries she had received when assaulted that Sergeant Ellis sent her to tlie Melbourne Hospital. On Mr Scott, ono of the resident medical officers, examining her, ho found that one of her arms had boon fractured at the elbow, that her ribs ivero injured, and that there ivero several bruises on various parts of her body. She ivas therefore detained as an in patient. The following extract from a letter which, says the Herald, lias just been received by a teacher of a State school in Melbourne, from ono of tho craft in Noiv Zealand, will ho interostiii", no doubt, to teachers throughout the colony! The writor,. dating from Dunodin, says: "As somo difficulty is oxporioncod in filling up the many vacancies constantly occurring in country schools, tho secretary of tho board has kindly given 1110 authority to state that any teacher from Victoria who holds a license to teach, or ivho has completed his pupil teacher's course, may liavo no hesitation in coining here. In Victoria, as you are aivare, many of such have to wait some some considerable timo for ap pointment, and ovon then tho remuneration is far from liberal. Hero, in the ovent of their coming over, thoy will begin with a salary of £130 and free residenco. In noarly every case ton acres of land are attached, to tho school- liouso. Then again, should their enorgics bo | ivoll directed, thoy liavo a good prospect. Wo i tlo not want men of first-class attainments, but 1 yoiiiig feiloivs about 2L or 23, who have had donib training as teachers. Do you know any such ? If so, toll them to conic at once, merely sending notico of tlicir intention to do so. In some cases thoy may liavo to wait a week or so until preliminaries are settled. In that event, thoy will be lcopt at the Normal School, at £1 per week, until appointed, You cannot urge upon them too strongly the desirability of coin ing immediately. Certificates of good character will be required." The Chinosc question was considered by the Cabinet on Tuesday, and it was determined to givo their full support to any action that might be taken by the Now South Wales and Queens land Governments for regulating the Chinese im- migration. I A sad accident occurred at Kilmore on Tues day, by which Ernest Hitchcock, a young man in the employment of Banks Bros. Bell and Co., of Melbourne, lost his life. The lad was spend- ing his holidays at the house of a friend, and in company with others of a similar age went out shooting. By an accident the contents of one of his companions' guns was lodged in his side, from the effects of which he died in about three hours afterwards. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Messrs W. Collard Smith and J. Woods, will proceed on Tuesday next to Lai Lai, where tliey will inspect tlie iron mines and smelting works. They will then go on to Staivell, where they will stay until Wed nesday, on which day the party will go to Horsham in order to take part in the demonstra tions connected with the oponing of the railway. They will stay at Horsham all night, returning to town next morning. Arrangements aro in progress between the postal departments of Victoria and South Aus tralia, by which 12 hours will be saved in the truusit of tho overland mails from Melbourne to Adelaide and vice versa. It is intended to avoid the detention now occasioned at Pcnola, by sending the mails from Melbourne early in the morning instead of on tho evening of the previous day as at present, and Mr Patterson is intent on securing a reciprocal benefit for Mel bourne. Tho arrangements aro so far com plete that the new system will be commenced in a few davs. A fatal accident occurred on Tuesday to John Lennoii, residing at Brighton. He was the son of aivell-knoivnmarkctgardener,RichardLennon, New-street. It appears, says tho Age, the young maii, who possessed five horses, was en gaged in carting sand in the neighbourhood of Elsternwick, and on his return lionie the horse bolted, causing Lcnnon to lose his hat, for which ho returned. On picking it up tho horse again started, and ono of tho wheels got iiito a hole, and caused the deceased to fall but on his face and head, breaking his neck and killing liim instantly. " Two singular specimens of salt crystals," says the Pleasant Creek Advertiser of tlio 28th, " wore brought to this office on Saturday last, as evidence of tlie salt deposit in the lakes to the south of the town. Tho salt had collected on the lower wire of a fence that runs across a por tion of a small lagoon, and had formed a mass of beautiful white crystals threo or four inches in circumference, which had a very ornamental ap pearance. Tlie salt is a very puro sample, and is this year more than usually plentiful, and from present appearances there is every proba bility of tho season being an unusually profit able one to tho gatherers. " A peculiar case of apparent concealment of birth has come to light at Nuna wading. On Sunday morning last Mrs Gillespie, wife of Cap tain Gillespie, residing in that district, finding that a young woman in her employment, nained Elizabeth Smith, was not attending to her usual duties, went, says the Argus, to her room to ascertain tlio cause. She fouiul the girl ill in bed, and at first unwilling, to give the cause. She found tho girl ill in bed, and.at first unwill ing to givo tlie cause of her illness,' but she eventually confessed that she had given birth "to a child during tho night,: .which slip . bad. onfi. ceaica m nor Box. Un examining the box tho body of a child was found, and the matter was at once reported to the police, who caused Dr Alsop, of Hawthorn, to- be sent for. On "arrival lib pronounced the body to bo that of a fully developed infant, and was of opinion that it had been born alive. The matter will fonii the sub-, ject of investigation by Mr Candler. The Riverine Herald of tho 28th inst. writes : —"It-has long been a- moot point whether tho Murray cod and other Australian fish ivore en dowed with leaping powers such as tlie salmon aiid other old world descriptions of the finny tribe possess; An incident occurred last week at Echuca which entirely clears away all doubt and sets the matter at rest, for a fish was actually Sberi to leap sbveral feet through/the air. When the new dock iviis being piiinped out preparatory to its being deepened; a largo cod of some l'Olb or 121b" in weight ivas observed to swim iiji and apparently 'examine the inner side of- the em- Jiankiiient. Instinct would appear to have told the .fish that lie was imprisoned, for suddenly he leapt right out of the water iii tlie dock, cleared the embankment, and fell into the opou river, where ho ivas, soon . out.of sight. "This remark able leap ivas witnessed by a good many people, who ivero surprised no less at. the sagacity of the fish than at the length of the leap." The Maryborough Standard writes The increase in the railway ".returns ' continues. Special's aro constantly running froni Mary borough through to St. Arnaud, at which latter place tlio wheat is arriving in such quantities that it cannot bo removed in: time. Thousands of bags of wheat arc waiting the m.oans of con veyance to Melbourne, besides quantities stored by, agents at St. Afii'niid, to be sent oil when the present traffic slackens. If in the mean while tho railway officials have to exercise ingenuity to make the most of tho resources at their com mand, an'd there is a consequent increaso on duty for all concerned, tho inadequacy of the Maryborough station to the requirements of tlio traffic is strikingly apparent, even to the listless observer, all sorts of shifts having to be made to koep tlio lino clear for passenger traffic. When tho contemplated alterations aro really entered upon, provision will havo to be made for in creased yard acc'oiimiodation, which will «reatly facilitate tho drivers and others." _ Late on Tuesday cveninjr a woman nn'mnd CathoriiiQ Stackwell, forty yeai-s of age, residin" in Littlo Napier street, Fitzroy, ivas admitted into tho Melbourne Hospitel in a vory painful , and exhausted condition. Her breast, arms ; and legs, says the Telegraph, ivero frightfully i burnt, and sho presented much the same appear- : anco as did the lato unfortuiiato Ada Kirkhaiii. In fact, as far as the injuries aro concerned, tlio two cases aro exactly similar. It appears that : a neighbour hearing heartrending screams is suing from tho house in which Mrs Stackwell re sided, rushed in, and found the poor woman completely envolopod in flames. She had a baby m her arms, and ivas rusliinz wildly about the place. With much difficulty the neighbour referred to managed to extinguish tho fire, and callod in assistance to the suffering woman III was then found that her clothin" "had been almost ontircly burnt off her, whilst her in- Jiines ivero such as to cause serious alarm b')by miraculously escapod without boim'' even singed. Tho admirable conduct of tho King of Ton«-i in rescuing tho shipwrecked seamen of the barque Kodar, as ho had douo on previous occasions in regard io lite crew of other vessels cast ashore on various islands in his dominions, will be in the re collection of our readers. His Excellency tlio Gov- ernor of "Victoria has decided to recognise tho action of tho king in tlio latter case by forward ing to him a handsomely-illuminated address ac knowledging on behalf of tho Government ' of \ letoria his generous .conduct. Tho address aftor the usual formal commencement, says — It has bcon reported to mo that your Maiostv has again rendored to British subjects gveat acts of kindness. On this otoasioh I am more especi ally interested, inasmuch, is llio'so towards whom you havo so iiobly exteiulfcd your hospitality bo- longcd to tho colony of Victoria, under my gov ernment. The master of the barque Kedar, re cently abandoned near the island of Kao, having reported that your Majesty was graciously pleased to send your schooner ynclit to rescuo himself and crow from an uninhabited island ; that you clothed, fed, and maintained them until an oppor tunity ivas afforded of sending them to their own country ; and, further, that at greater expense and troublo to yourself your Majesty caused search parties to bo sent forth to discover and rescue, if possible, certain missing members of Kcdar's crew. For this noble conduct towards Victoria I trust your Majesty may bo graciously pleased to accept this address in token of tho gratitude felt in Victoria towards your Majesty for those gen erous acts to Victoria, and as an acknowledg ment by mo on behalf of the Government of Vic toria, of their high application of your noble con duct. Given under my hand and seal, &c.; — Gco- Bowen." A correspondent writes to tho Sydney Even ing News : — " I sec that you have noticed a re port that a woman has again been seen amongst the blacks near King's Plains, in Queensland, and as the facts are rather startling I may as well recount them. It appears that two men, named John Doyle and Frank Granger, wore out toward the coast ranges, south of this, near Mount Peter Bottc, and came upon a lot of blacks. One woman especially took their attention, and Doj-le, after a chase, succeeded in catching her. Ho states distinctly she is either a white woman or, possibly, half-caste, but he inclines to the be lief that she is a white, her skin being darkened and reddened by exposure. Sho could not speak English, but yabbered like a gin, and made every effort to get aivay. Sho is aged, possibly forty, and quite groy. Whilst examining her lie found that tho blacks had got his mate bailed up in a scrub, and had to go to his relief, thus lotting her escape, and all efforts to find lior again ivero fruitless. Doyle bears the character of being a remarkably quiet mail, not given to ' blowing, and lias said very little about it ; in fact, my in formant had great difficulty in getting him to speak about it, as he feels that such tales are looked upon as inventions. Doyle is certain in liis own mind this is a European who has been years' among tlie blacks, and says he will stake his existence she is not ail aboriginal. I believe Sub-inspector Stafford was out in the locality and failed to find her, but I am also informed that he got hold of the wrong lot of blacks. I think Doyle might be engaged at a small sum and sent with a party of native police to sot tho question at rest." The difference of govcriii'nent between the two" sister colonios of Victoria and Now South Wales tlio Riverine Herald remarks, " engenders up most an infinity of trouble, and sometimes this trouble assumes a most ludicrous aspect. For in stance, about 12 months ago an attempt was made to arrest tlie master of ono of tho river steamers who frustrated tho designs of the New South Wales police by running his vessel to tlie Victo rian shore and jumping out, and reversing tho operation when tho Victorian police appeared. Since then a clog either fell off or ivas knocked from tho floor of the new .bridge, and in his rapid descent and consequent violent concussion on reaching the ground was severely injured. The owner sued a Tad who it iviis illeged had caused tho injuries- to tho caiiine property by kicking it off the bridge. The trial day came on,- and legal assistance was procured. Anent the jurisdiction of the Moaina Beiich on the matter, a very knotty legal point was argued, over which resulted much liair-splittiiig. The solicitor argued that the dog fell ivith his tivo feet in the Murray River, and two legs and liis head on the Victorian bank, so that the major portion fell into Victoria; also that the river was very high, and the water liacl encroached upon Victorian territory, so that the dog actually fell wholly" into Victoria but fell into a-littlo New South Wales water. The set-off was that although half of tlie clog might havo fallen into Victoria, still the offence was the kicking of tho dog, which occurred in New South Wales, imcl the iviiid in tho long descent drove tho clog partially into Victoria. The evidence was so un satisfactory that the case ivas dismissed! A new phase of trouble about the border has arisen. A number of boys are in the habit of bathing off the wharves in open daylight, and on Saturday an Echuca constable wished to put a stop tb the practice. The boys, as usual, had procured an old clingy, into which a dozen or so liad crowded themselves, and with the aid of a paling they paddled about the vicinity of the wharf like so many red Indians in a state of nudity. Tlie con stable appearing, the boys wont to the Neiv South Wales side of tlics river, and there they sat, ex- asperatiii" the constable by "'informing hiin that lie was a Victorian ' trap,' aiid ' coulcl not .toiich them." , . ' ' . . . " 