HHtq Jiu]nii[ci;. WEDNESDAY, JULY 23, 1879. The proceedings at the public meeting iu the Town Hall last Wednesday evening afforded an opportunity to Sir Luke Leakg to express the opinion that there will be no need of additional taxation this year in order to meet the expenses of Government, as well as to pay the interest on public loans, aud snpply the sinking fuud towards their repayment; but the speaker said nothing about another most important matter — which the meeting seemingly lost sight of, that is, his own particular views of the best mode of increasing the public income. It is a pity that Sir Luke did not favor his bearers and the colony at large with some display of his statesmanlike talents as a political fiuaucier. At the present time we think that all the colonists fully understand that the duties on imports are as high as they can well be; aud that tbe TariQ' iias been tinkered to its fullest extent. A heavy item of expenditure in fooud in tbe yearly cost of maintaining the public highways in proper order ; but, inasmuch as ibr three years to come there will be available from the £50,000 loan a sum sufficient to meet this coutiugency ; for this reason the item of ' Roads aud Bridges' should not figure in the Estimates for that period. Now, as au increase of income necessarily supposes the sup ply of the means required for ensuring increasing prosperity to the country, we again mu6t express our regret that uo expression of opiniou was elicited at tbe late meeting with reference to one most important source of public revenue, which has been most satis factorily essayed iu tbe colouy of Victoria. We refer to a Laud Tax ; aud we tbiuk it is high time to bring tbis important matter before the colonists and the Government. la this colony, of the laud-owners many arc absentees, living iu all parts of ihe world, and yet monopolising lands of more or less extent here, without expending one penny* upon tbe im provement of such lands : other land owners reside indeed in the colony, but expend just as little as the absentee land- owners upon theirestates. Now, why should these people bare the privilege of monopolising tbe lands of the colony, if they do not think it worth their while to tarn them to good account? It may be objected that they paid the Govern ment price for those lands, and that the colony has no right to say another word on the subject. This argument might have some force if we suppose tbe colony to be in a complete con dition of inertia ; but whether or not these land-owners neglect to improve their lands, it is plain that the expen diture of public money npon the con struction of roads must necessarily enhance the valne of lands throngb or near which snch roads pass, and hence it is quite reasonable to institute some inquiry into the general tenure and condition of lands throngb ont the colony, when we are on the eve of expending much money upon roads. Why should a Western Australian absentee land-owner, residing in Eng land, have tbe valne of his property largely increased by the construction of a road at public cost right through it without being made pay some special tax to the colonial exchequer for this advantage ? It is true that under the Roads Act the Roads Boards are empowered to levy a special tax npon all hind in their dis trict for local road pnrposes; but, not withstanding tbe best endeavors of the Roads Boards in certain cases, little or no results have followed from this system, people thinking that the Colonial Government should disburse the cost of road- making, and that it wonld be injudicious, it not unfair, on their part to impose taxes upon them selves for that object — such a mode of viewing the case, by no means un common, betraying a complete want of understanding of the general prin ciples of taxation, unhappily one of the great evils of yonng countries, where the idea too frequently pre vails that tbe Treasury sbonld dis burse the cost of all public works, tbe ratepayers seemingly forgetting that every penny in the Treasury chest is drawn out of their own pockets, in one shape or another. In Western Aus tralia this deplorable want of self reliance on the part of the colonists, in matters concerning the manage ment even of their own local affairs, and the habit of falling back upon the Government for tbe most trivial un dertakings, has caused the existing legislation with reference to the right of Roads Boards to impose a local tax for road-making in their respective districts to become almost a dead letter. Under these circumstances, as it is evident that some mode must be devised to come at the pockets of the land-owners, whether absentees or residents in the colony, who never expend one penny on the improve ment of their lands, after the first payment of 10s. per acre to the Crown, and who nevertheless are benefited by the general ontlay of the colonial revenue on public improve ments, such as roads, railways, aud many other ways, it appears to us to be an imperative dnty on tbe part of the Legislature to avail themselves of every opportunity in their power of sounding the opinions and views of their constituents upon this most important question of a Land Tax, so as to find themselves in a position to discuss the matter without loss of time at the very next session of the Legis lature, in a manner in keeping with the drift of public opinion ou the question ; and, if desirable, to legislate in the direction indicated. The in come derived from an impost on land, whether the amount were set apart for the cost of road construction or placed to the general credit of the country, a better plan ou the whole, would not meet with as much objection as the imposition of an Income Tax or even a stamp dnty — which appear to be the only sources open wherefrom to derive an increase of revenue. Even if the proposed Laud Tax did not exceed a farthing per acre the amount thus raised would be a large addition to the annual income of the colony ; and it would have the effect of securing only bond fide occupants ot lands, and thus promoting the settlement of the un occupied lands, and in short the general prosperity of tbe colony at large. Nor can it be objected that such a tax wonld materially interfere with the sale of Crown lands, as it is far better for the colony to derive a fixed annnal revenue from a Laud Tax on occupied lands than to increase its treasury fitfully by the uncertain sale of lots of lande. destined to remain unoccupied indefinitely, while their owners reside far away from their properties, oftentimes out of the colony, at the other side of the world, without speuding one penny npon the improvement of their lands, nor contributing a fraction towards the support of the Government, whose maintenance is essential to the security of their right to such lands, wherever their owners may reside. Baeout you Mueller, Government Botanist for Victoria, is the writer of a brochure, recently published at Mel bourne, under the title of ' Suggestions on the maintenance, creation, and enrichment of forests, as applicable to the particular requirements of the colony of Victoria.' As the opinions of eo distinguished a writer on a subject of such general interest for all the Australian colonies as the conservation of our forests are well calculated to invite the attention of the i»eople of this colony, possessing such vast and valuable timbered regions, we think that our readers will peruse with useful results some remarks upon the contents of tbe Bakon's brochure, and a few extracts from the same, as far as our space will allow ns to quote the learned botanist's own words. The writer begins by observing that a '* fixed ratio ' should be maintained between opeu arable or pastoral laud and forest laud — a remark which this Government sbonld not lose sight of in the sale of Crown lands to private individuals. The Baron classifies his remarks under the following heads : — ' Utilisation of existing1 forests to full advantage, without permanent demolition ; Recuperation of existing forests from original vegetation ; Enrichment of existing forests from Extra- Victorian vegetation; Creation of forests in extensively timberless districts ; System of functions at present best adapted for Victorian forostadmiuis to**im; Climatic; hygienic and aoemc influences of forests.' He states ttat eueahfpti form the prevalent timber-vegetation cf all A nstreba, of which there are nearly _ 150 disbnet varieties; and the i principal of these be arranges «fcns :— 'TheEedGtmt-Eucal^t^teSBdal); ' ihe Blue Omn-Eucalypt (LrtfflKkS; the IronbMt-Buadypt (P. von IDiellerj; the MeBsmate-EucBlypt (l'Heonur) - «£e Strcogybaffc-Eocslypt (p. Ton Undleri . tbe Giant-Euoalypt -T~^nrjfo,~r~ll' Apple-Scented Eucalypt (P. von MneUeiT the Spotted Euodrpt (P. roa ffoeBer) - the Yellow Box-Bncalypt (CamaWfiam); Swamp Mahoganv- Eocalypt (Smith).1* He proceeds to describe these eleven, varieties; and speaking of the red-gmn . eucalypt he says that it has 'only one recognised rival in all Australia, namely, the West Australian jarxah,1* in respect to durability. Again, of tbe giant-encalypt he says that its ** lofty grandeur ' can only be disputed by the West Australian 'karri-tree,' or two kinds of Sequoias of the Southern Gslifornian forests. JSoca Ivpt (E. amygdaloid}, oil forms a flourishing industry in Victoria, in the distillation of which Mr. Jos. Bosisto has been conspicuous, and highly successful. Be dm notices two kinds of acacia, ihe blackwood tree «? of rather slow growth,*' and the wattle ; of the latter he says :— 'More fortunate we are with our in comparable tanners* imttie (acacia deemr reru), for nothing can exceed the ferity with which it is spontaneously orariifijcaalLy diaw»mmatei, or the quickness of itecommg to maturity for a yield of its strongly taxmic bark (in about seven years already), whether in forest-land or elsewhere. But, as shown in an ample recent report of a. BaiiHWnWlfary Cwmmlfae, ». taw m mnmnm and yet so txeasurable needs also some protecting care, if foil advantage is to be taken of its product, and if it is to be rendered safe against incoming Hie prey of flames or other destructive ngawiAg over vast areas.** Oar remarks in a recent iasae npon the dnty of ihe Government to protect this valuable product of our Western Australian forests recur to us, on reading the Babos*s observation about the need of *' some protecting care.'' The Bacox suggests a plan of pre serving the Australian forests, in the following manner : — 'Local Forest Boards, constituted of residents who have a permanent stake in ihe country, should, under the auspices of a special central office, assume local superintendence, a measure which is likely to prove the only fruitful one in these early stages of our colony, as I have sug gested many years ago. Superior forest lands ought to be deemed too valuable to be alienated from the Crown, unless all the timber thereon be turned to foil profit. Trees should be sold individually, evea if by hundreds or by thousands; or the complete removal of timber from forest areas ought to take place by each tenders as really are representative of the valne of tbe state property to be removed. Such restrictions, '''?'ftfl oat under strenuous local supervision of inexpensive forest boards, would pserent any future great losses of our timber resources, -while Ihe increased forest revenue ihu* rawed thould solely be appropriated for a judicious restoration of tike forests themselves on the denuded or partially (?HtvavA areas. On these two cardinal principles, in the opinion, of the writer, the continued future welfare of our forests will largely 'depend, and action, in this direction cannot be too much urged, .before it may prove too late to adopt remedial measures. Forestry and. agricul ture farm nowhere one administrative branch ; each has its own wide range, and this should be parbtculatly so in a clime where the operations of both have far more extensive scopes and objects, and thus also require far more detailed studies and researches titan in theless genial climatic Indeed, agriculture and forest-culture are antagonistic to each other; the fanner is incessantly prone to encroach on the latter, endeavouring to increase its own dominions and prosperity regardless of the diminution or destruction of the other, aud offering, as a rule, no recompense for the injuries thus inflicted by any restorative equivalent.' The Babost enumerates a great variety of trees for whose growth different regions of Australia are eminently suited ; as the mahogany tree of West India, and the ebony tree of tbe mountains of Ceylon ; oaks, pines, and cedars; firs, p™*™'^ bamboos, and palms ; with many other products of the forest. Of tbe fig-tree, to which we recently alluded, the Baeok says: — 'Not strictly wit∈ the scope of forest culture, but of immeasurable importance for * turning a desert into an Eden* is the ordinary fig-tree; it is so easily multiplied, grows so quickly, is eo shady during the hottest months of the year and so productive of fruit, particularly even in a most arid clime, that we should cover with it much of our desert-lands, even if it were only to ameliorate the clime there by lessen ing the heat and attxactang «»m1 retaining more of the atmospheric precipitations.' The following remarks of the distinguished botanist are well worth mention : ' We as colonists all have an interest in our forests, not merely individually from an industrial or domestic point of view, but also collectively from- national considera tions. Forests affect powerfully any dime, and particularly so in latitudes like cm. Equable bnmidity, decrease of extremes of heat and cold, shelter against storms, decomposition of miasmatic ^yfa1 i«^'wb depend much on forests. They attract, . inhale or condense by their electricity, absorbing power or coolness, xnach of the current vapours and of the bnmidity of passing and surrounding air, either to store moisture for gradual supply to fountains and springs as ''''n for irrigation, or as sources of rivers, or to return it from the endlessly multiplied surfaces of their foliage gradually to the air with a beneficent lowering of temperature proportionate to the intensity of heat. ForesMzees, by the increasing action of their roots, deeply pierce the soil and bring mineral piimanta to tite surface, solidify mountain-precipices, and aidingiy prevent the nflHng np of streams. Forests enable us to obtain from natural and inexhaustible storage for great centres of population a pare water-supply by simple conveyance through gravitation ; they affonl the means for multifarious cultures of most varied products not pos sible beyond their precincts.' He concludes with the advice : 'Let us regard the forests as an inheritance, given to us by nature, not to be despoiled or devastated, but to be wisely used, reverently honoured and carefully maintained. Let us regard the forests as a gift, entrusted to any of us only for transient care, to be surrendered to posterity as an. nninipared property, increased in aches and augmented ic blessings, to pass a sacred patrimony from generation to generation.'* While other colonies are devoting such attention to the question of forests, it is time for our Government to take the matter in hand also ;. aud we tbiuk that some special system should be forthwith fixed upoa where by our forests of jarrah, saudalwood, wattle, and so many other valuable trees may not be completely wasted and destroyed, owiug to the reckless uess of timber-fellers and bark strippers, and tbe recurrence of bush fires. A timely attention to this important matter may save tbe timliered regions of Western Australia from tbe devastations that have taken place in Victoria aud other Australian colonies, owing to a blind neglect of tbe uatnrai wealth of the- forest, so easily wasted and requiring bo rrnch cost, labor, aud time to be restored. 