FIRES. During the present month we have had more serious fires in Adelaide than during tbe whole of the past year. One of these fires, which broke out in Rundle-street on the night of February 5, was the most disastrous that has occurred in the city for many years past. It began in Mr. 'Veroli's picture frame workshop, near tbe East End Market, and in less than two hours several thousand pounds worth of damage had been done — three shops and houses being completely gutted and three more very seriously injured. While the conflagration lasted it was a grand sight, and attracted 8,000 or 10,000 persons to see it. The premises, of which only the charred walls remain, were those of Mr. Veroli and Mr. Haylock, fruiterer; while the shops and houses of Mr. Barry, bootmaker, Mr. Lyons, provision merchant, were very materially damaged, especially the upper floors; and the new branch of the English, Scottish, and Aus tralian Chartered Bank, and the premises of Mr. Jamieson, saddler, were burning for a time, but escaped with less injury. The fire brigade were late on the scene, and they made no attempt to save the premises of Messrs. Hay lock and Veroli, their object from the first being to prevent the spread of the flames. Complaints were made that they did not work as judiciously as they might have done if Mr. Baker, the Superintendent of the Brigade, had not been away from the colony, and Mr. S. Higgs, the Acting Superintendent, unfortunately out of town at the time. At the inquest on the fire the Jury expressed their opinion that something should be done to pre vent several shops being erected together with out strong dividing walls, as had been done in regard to the premises burnt down, and along the upper storey of which the flames had run very easily. Most of the property was insured. A meeting was held to raise subscriptions to help in some degree those who had suffered by the fire who had not insured. Another alarming fire broke out in King William-street — the main artery of the city — exactly a week after the Rundle-street disaster, but the Fire Brigade were soon on the spot, and half an hour afterwards all danger was past. The fire began in the Adelaide Photographic Com pany's premises, and the top storeys of this and the next building— Mr. John Clark, the tailor's — completely destroyed, with all their contents. The lower storeys and the stock were much damaged by water. The property was fully insured. This is the second large fire which has occurred at tbe Photographic Company's premises. The Coroner's Jury returned an open verdict, and added a strong recommendation that the practice of using frail and inflammable materials for partition walls and open ceilings should be restricted by law. Several smaller fires occurred in Rundle and Hindley streets during the same week as the other disasters — indeed there was quite a ' run' of fires for a few days— but in none of them save one was the damage very great, and in that case the occupiers of the premises, Mr. and Mrs. A. Delavaux, of Hindley-street, have been com mitted for trial on a charge of wilfully setting fire to their place. After a country fire, at Jamestown, the Jury gave their opinion that the premises burnt — those of Mr. W. T. Tregilgas, bootmaker, were set on fire, and that suspicion pointed to Mr. Tregilgas. The pro perty was insured in two offices ; but up to the present no action has been taken against the suspected incendiary. A destructive fire occurred at Messrs. Tucker's carpenter's shops at Gladstone, on February 12, burning them down, and injuring adjoining property to the extent of a few hundred pounds. There have been some unusually large bush fires during the hot weather. Among the more serious was one which began on January 28, on the run of Mr. S. Davenport, and raged furiously for several days, the area covered by the fire being many miles in extent along tbe Mount Lofty Range. Mr. G. F. Cleland lost £8QO worth of fencing and feed, Mr. J.Cossick, £330 while Mr. Davenport and others suffered to an extent that is not so definitely known, but will at least amount in the agregate to another £1,000. 