DARLINGTON POINT. November 22. I (van*, A 1 TFROH A CORRESPONDENT.) The " powers of ,„ the air" u„ have c ,„ favored U1W „„ us with I somewhat tiiewhnt. vnrinVtlo variable tiwatmpnt treatment thia this wnofc. week. ftptrin-1 Begin ning with two days* fine, warm, windy, followed I by muggy, cloudy, „, stagnant, —o » storm-like b day or so, changing to thunderstorm in mid-week, lik< ter " hurling through the air the week's ending of fine, clear, breezy warmth hath been vouchsafed to our district " by | nesday to take place weekly, to prevent bush-fires and to keep pastures genial, green, grateful, the advancing summer having already spread a yellow mantle over our more exposed plains ; and the a grasshopper hosts are coming down " like a wolf I on the fold" in many parts—who can number I them 1 They consist of trillions of billions of I ut ilwui-ouiu if ju du uuuuiibuuj puwnwvw i on our district this season, while it must" oil the I wheels " of all machinery existing between banks I and squatters; while it has strengthened the | done with abundant success in this 4-year-old I district this year, thereby stimulating ambition I and awakening energy in that line, at the same I time giving the flat denial to the statement, sol falsely put forth and so industriously circulated I during all years hitherto, that Riverina is only fit for grazing " pursoots "—while the seasonable downpour has done this and much more, tor I l : r ~ u * u 1 some or the numerous " ills that flesh is heir to," I —mostly passing ailments—derangement of the I bronchial tubes, influenzas, &c.;—easily remedied J if skilfully attended to, but if neglected leading to serious illness. 1 ' ~ v.-™.™.—.,... — 1 was accountant and storekeeper on one of our gigantic Murrumbidgee fitations-Toganmain— I has never failed to give relief, when applied to by suffering humanity, from his medicine chest— in variably paid for by the settled folk, but more I frequently gratis to the wandering swagmen, who may pay him sometime or never. This is no | small service in a district at a distance of 40 miles | I press to insure its own reward. The demands on I Mr. Bennett's medicine chest have increased with by Mr. Gregory, medical man and dispensing 1 chemist, whose treatment of cases has given, so far, general satisfaction, to the infinite m of many a mother whose " wee bairme dear s life was nearly despaired of. A general ieeling is gaining strength that something like a district dispensary on the Friendly Society principle is necessary institution. Railway extension U the theme of public dis-1 cussion here. Our interests, our anticipations, our endeavors, are all concerned in, and proportionately guided by. when we are to have the iron steed, and in what direction he is to come, Our Iii. .nniuNnM friends in Hay nv novf (80 miles ahAann<r off) are ctPAAnn urging r thev for ber. The men of pastoral "pursooto are mostly favorable to a north-side line, while the real settled population—farmers, graziers, and producers of much more importance than wool and carcase "growers —are all clamorous for the " line of speedy transit to be made on the south side of the iaunuuiuiuuco. Murrumbidgte. iu In »u all battles, u»w-.«, struggles, contests! ests. some fight for wrong and most fightfor right ; the present excitement of representations, petitions, etc., sometimes full of moon- . sistencies, forming no exception to the rule. Without presuming to dictate, might we venture 1 4A *Uam tllaoflAM 6t>n FAfffAnr an advice to those special pleaders and tervent 1 petitioners on both sides—vir., take a spell, to I which wnicn add aaa a u sedative «eu»u»o" wee »n> drap; "top, get, and keep, your heads cool, your feet warm, your bowels open ; wipe your " prominent^t prominentest feature ^^nd and | the sweat from your brows, where undoubted y " sits meditation and public care; then calmly (then come andlet " " J us "" "reason """""" together "about the route a lailway ought to take, in the best interests | of both Government and people, trom Narandera to - — Hay. Your pop-gun musketry ol " proper representa' tions," fired through the proper channels oi M.P.'s , panied Minister—effectively. . 1 by L.. their aL.Sm M.P. \f D may mnn The be t\A interviewers graciously nMAMl/\l«a1l» andcour-1 nn^ accom- MAIII*. teously " received" and listened to; the usual words—half information, whole mystification— about" due consideration," " early aates," " col-1 leagues," &c.;, &c.;, uttered by a man who must be an adept in the use of them, else Parkes would not I have him on the Treasury benches to "play his I part i" the Minister duly thanked, &o.;, the aepu-1 I tation then withdrew, and "there's an end." Gentlemen (large and small) of the Murrumbidge! y 0 have no voice in Parliament but one; there-1 j f ore you cannot use the political lever in the] — - * each point" and " argufy each topic;" scrutinize I all interested movements and review every tin I reaton, advocate the right and denounce the wrong in all questions bearing on our railway policy. In our humble way at Darlington Point in all I suggestions regarding cheapness of construction, increase of traffic, j remunerative revenue to Go-1 vernment, advantages to the greatest number of I population and their interests ; in foreshadowing, of the river, from Narandera to Hav. most ol us laud continue the journey from Darlington punt I to Hay on the 6outh side ; this route would be 1 taken by Cobb's mail coaches, being the highest nd dryest, with no impediments from streams or creek-waters in flood time, and the shortest by nine miles at all times, were it not that the punt chargcs would be something like j£200 I o _ —j — "'h 4 " 1 " ^ vuw .vu.v waggoners invariably take with loading is the I south side from Hay to here, and the north side from here up river. These facts 6peak for them-1 as to which shall be the " way." Some of those facts and considerations we mean to " touch upon " in a future issue of that far-reaching journal the Albury Banner. I Here are industrial energies and boundless resources wanting capital (and skill to use it), which is distant To bring those distant, but all necessary, elements into cloge union and co-1 J 1 — " to merely pick up wool, Sc., at station platforms I dunng three months per annum, we confess our I inability to guess how its traffic returns will ever pay the Government, or how its existence can be made at all advantageous to the public at large. \- - 37- 7", —- I dignified sense of the responsibilities of his high position, we are equally sure Mr. Uckey will calmly weigh all arguments, and decide impartaally and wisely for the benefit, not of one class, butot all. WTnle we are anxiously waiting for a railway and bridge from Government, one of ourselves I ^-our ente^nsingpuntman, grazier, fanner, pub- I Echuca pontoon bridge and entered into contracts | with steamers, shipwrights, &c.;, for its removal own innaoiianis anaau-comera to cross our nome I river on the only bridge betwwn Wagga Wagga and Hav. A bridge at^Darlington Point was projected by Government ton years ago, and yet the honor (enterprise and cost) of constructing one for public traffic at this great central cross-place is due to our inend the "ferryman." The growth, not only support him, but (if that is any good) wish him every success in his undertaking, 