PAS'lORAL NEWS, ÍTOCK MOVEMEATS, AND MARKETS. : REPI BT, NAHBADRI STOCK During the week we havelhad weather, relieved by thu heavy Bbowers. It has, ' weather, and busines has ment. The passings have ,-November 7,1877. " some exceedingly hot derstorms and occasional j h|wever, been fine growing shown a slight improvo been;- On the 25th: 319 fat cattle, Wild's and Eaton's, from Owenyoun, on the Warrigo, for Sydney, R. Milner in charge ; 26th : 1237 fat ewes, Eckford Bros,, from Malaraway, for Maitland, Tudor in charge; same day: 2016 fat wethers, Hamlet Fletcher and Co.'s, from Boolcarrol for Sydney, Deacon in charge ; 27th ; 1832 fat sheep, C. Smith's, from Gurley, for Bydney, George Irvine ia charge ; same day : 56 horses, G. Metcove's, from Maitland, for Charters Towers, for sale, owner in charge ; 2ith-50D0 store wethers, E. Vickery's, from Burburgate, for Edgeroi, Robson in charge; 31st-820 store bullocks, Dangar and Bell's, from Noorindo, Queensland, for Muswellbrook, for sale, Gillett in charge ; 3rd-400storeeteers, Marsh's, from Maryland, Tenterfield, for Muswellbrook, Gun- ning in charge ; 4th-200 store cattle, Smart Bros., from Combadello, for Dulwich, Singleton, Coolan in charge ; same day-180 store cattle, Eckford Bros., from Malaraway, for Muswellbrook, Perry in charge ; 5th-42 hoises, A. Cobcroft'«, from Watergab, for Maitland, owner droving ; same day-319 fat cattle, A. J. Doyle's, from Killarney, for Maitland, Parker in charge.- Narrabri Herald. BouitEF STOCK RFPOHT,-November 1st. Weather IB what no man could possibly complain about. It is, for the season, simply delightful. Stock movements are being commenced m earnest, and, with the market prices of late and now ruling iii Melbourne, there seoms every prospect of our pastoralists at length being rewarded for tneir long and patient waiting. Feed is everywhere, and water abundant, travel by whatever route one may. It IB loTig tinco we have been enabled thus to write. 90 head fat cows, the property of Mr, Jenkins, of Mangaloa, Cunnamulla, are now here; they are travelling for sale, Mr. J. T C Ranken, agent. 27UÜ ewes, bought by Mr, D. M'Vean, of Bootra, from Messrs. Moffatt &. Co., Wanaaring, are now proceed- ing to Bootra. 8000 ewes and wethers from Weelamurra, Cunnamulla, King and Son owners, are crossing this way for sale. A mob of fat sheep, now being gathered at Lila Springs will speedily start for Melbourne 49 rams from Canowie, S.A., are now near Louth ; they are for Tarcoon station 12,000 wethers from Yanga, and 360 rams, all for Thurlagoon», are coming this way 4,600 ewes from Murray Downs, 5,715 ewes from the Wimmera, Victoria, 189 rams from Euston, and 26 Victorian rams are now en route torresan. C. and J, Officer's station, Gorimpa Two n&obs; of 20,000 each are Btarting from Yanga for Thurlagoona. 650 rams from Victoria are coming tlis way for W. Fairbairn's Lansdowne station. 9,S00 fat sheep from Saltern Creek, Queensland, are travelling down the Paroo for Melbourne. 280 rams fiom the Hay district are travelling to Alison Bros', station, Cobar. 300 ewes with lambs have arrived at Mr. Welsh's station, Cobar. 100 rams from Burrabogie are now en route for Charlton. 40 to 50 he M1 bulls are going to Mr. Fisher's Tburlagooua station ; they are now waiting to cross the river.-Central Australian. BaKWAunivA STOCK RKPOBT,-Tuesday evening, Nov. 4.-The weather during the past week has been decidedly summery. The thermometer now reaches our summer standard, 1<J0 degrees, having just reached tant during the wjek. Some of the nights have been very cool, the temperature coming as low as 62 degrees. There hnsibeen no rainfall, but at present the sky is cloudqd, and indications of a thunderstorm aro hangingiabnut. We bave a few stuck movements to reporl this week. On Monda\ morning 203 rams from Messrs. Clive and Hamilton's Collaroy station passed tor Tallawanta, Messrs Mc Leay and Beaumont's station. They are reported as being a very fine lot, Air. William Saunders of Wirra Warra, Bokhira, has just started for the Sydney markets 205 heai of very prime jouiig bullocks, estimated to go ¡BOO lbs. apiece all round. Our Enngonia correspondent reports the country as covered with water, and teamB bogged in several placed. 1U0 head of catt» for the Sydney markets, and 40 head of horses (Meintosh's) for sale, going to Wilcannia, are all the pasjings for the week ending the 25th.-Baruon 'lrqu& FOBBES STOCK RKPOI r.-On Tuesday we had a few hours of nice etea y rain, which served the purpose of stimulating tb< grass and growing crops, and laid the dust. Sine then we bave had fine weather, gradually increai eg in heat, until the ther- mometer reached 95 deg ees in the shade. The country looks as well a it possibly can do. At most of the sheds they are cut out, and large quantities of wool pass aily xowards the railway terminus at Orango. Bufness of every kind con- tinues exceedingly dull, and owing to the extreme scarcity of money, sales are very difficult to effect. It is very satisfactory to find that in the Sydney 1 market fat cittle have gone up 20s per head. The exportation nf fresh meat by the Strathleven will be followed by other shipments of a similar charac- ter, and this will improve the tone of the fat stock market generally. The following are the stock passings for the week :-Nov. 2nd : 100 fat bul- locks (E. U. Bowler's (from Wandarra to Orange, Wm. Gilligan in charge ; Nov. 4th : 1500 sheep, Mr, John Thomas'.-forbes Times, Nov. 8. DENILIQUIN STOCK REPORT,-November 7,1879. -The weather has been almost like summer. The river Edward has been very high, 30 ft. G in, above «umnier level ; it has lallen since considerably. The local transactions aro-Wooldridge and Wren (in conjunction with King and Cuningham), report sales of 320 head store cattle on account of Sherrard, Hatton, and Dickens, to W. R. Virgoe, Mathoura ; also, 147 fat sheep and lambs on account of J. Brand ; Gibsone, Braim and Co,, 3000 wethers from Baratta to C. E Pearson and Co. The wool passings this week wero 1042 bales. Stock passings were 3500 (Whittingham Jiros.), 3U0 sheep *nd lambs (Pearse's), 150 do. (Brand's), 26U0 sheep (travelling), 133 do. and 280 do. (Parker and Ward's) were trucked on Monday; 950 sheep (Beaumont's), 93 (Rudd's), 21) do. (Fowler's), and 17 do. (Terrj's), all consigned to J. C. Walker and Co. In several localities grasshoppers have made an appearance, and in some places doing much damage,-Pastoral Tz>?¡es. WAGGA WAGGA STOCK REPOBT,-November 7 - Since the date of our last report there has been some rain, but the weathei as a rule has been fine. Shear- ing throughout the district is rapidly approaching completion with the most plentiful, and if we except the danger of bush-fires, which now forces itself upon attention, the prospects could not possibly be better. Down the river the frontage country is once more under water. In the local market, the fol- lowing transactions are reported:-Messrs. Wilkin- son, Graves, Minchin, and Lavender -report having sold a draft of crossbred ewes and 300 wethers in the Homebush yards for Mr. G. P. Wilsna, of Pominga- larna ; also, in the Sydney market, 400 fat lambs for Messrs. Hebden and Sons, of Gogeldrie. Messrs. Mair and Clayton report having sold 350 store bul- locks for Mr. Jumes Tyson to Mr. G. E, Faithful, of Brewarrina ; also, 52 store bjnllocks for same owner to Messrs. Large and Mair, of Narandera.-Express, WILCANNIA STOCK RBPOJIT.-The weather during the week has been as pleasant as anyone could wish for, The rain reported ia our last, we are glad to say, has been general, JAt Gnalta, Mount Poole, Poolamacca, and all the alitions in that locality, the fall has been from an iacl and a half to two inches. At Albermarle they had! an inch and a half. The stock passings are as fAlow:-27th, 320 fat bul- locks, (J. Cogie and Co.'s" from Tilboroo station, for Melbourne, Mr. E, T. Gwynne in charge ; 16,000 ewsB (W. D. Clarke's) from Albemarle Btation, for Portland Downs, Mr. J. Clarke in charge; 12,000 ewes (Fisher's), for Tburlagoona, Mr. Gillet in charge; iOOoumi/(Fisher's), for Thurlagobna, Mr. J. Burs*8s t» cliRrge; 22nd, 250 fat' bullocks (Powell's), from the Barooq, for Melbourne, Mr. Thompson in charge ; 385 Tat ofttlé, l>oin (.íyson's) Tininitiroo station, passed Tonga on 28th, for Mel- bourne, Mr. W. H. Colless in charge.-"OurWn" from the Barrier Ranges writes on October 9th :-I have to report some splendid rain out this way ; on the 6tfl and 7th over 1 inch fell, and I believe it has been pretty general. We are likely to have a fine saison for grass, unless the grasshoppers destroy it afll ; they are bocoming vers plentiful out hare latelr. Stock passings are as follow:-Oct. 4th, 200 fit cattle, from the Darling; 9th, about 8000 fat wethfrs, from Albemarle, in the wcol, H. Campbell in cbJrge; both lots for Adelaide market. I also hear of a mob of about 300 prime cowa having parsed Thncharinga last week. Also a mob of about 200, going down the Peg line, from Albemarle, Joe Watson in charge. I hear the Kin chega manager has summoned the latter for not travellinc the main road. Oct. 10th.-I am glad tn report some more heavy rains. On the 17th we had a heavy thunderstorm, over an inch of rain fell in less than 20 minutes, and I hear it has been pretty general. We have had several good showers since the storm, making the total rainfall for the week over 2 inches. I hear of a mob of about 300 fat cattle, from Nockatunga, having passed Thacka- ringa during the weak. Also a mob from Cooper's Creek, but I hita not obtained further particulars. This road will*!» sale for stock for the. next ^wo months.-Wilcannia TJWÉ» Ocfa 30, k \ MELBOURNE Livra STOCK MAitKRTfiRicIaid Gibson and Co. rejlort:-Fat Cattlo. About 1,700 head were yarded to-day, consisting principally of 'good quality, from New 8outh Wales and Queensland Owing to the warm we.ither setting in, tind a conse- quent increased demand for lamb, the number yarded to-day proved in excess of requirements, and a decline of about 20s per head took place. Best penB of bul locke realized from ¿'8 10a to ¿910s; odd beast« to X10 10s; good do., from £7 to £&; second do' from £6 to £5 10s ; inferior from £i. Onl) a few pens of cows were yarded, which sold at from £3 to £6, We sold-246 bullocks for Mr. J Tyson, Tinnin boro.upto £G 17a Gd, averaging £5 9a 3d . 20 bul* lockB for Messrs. Clark and M'Leay, Kerabury, up ta £8; averaging £7 13s 6d ; 5 cows for Messrs. Watsor? and Fell, Toolern, averting .£3 :-Fut Sheep. 17 593' yarded, the bulk ot which were good to prime clips from Riverina. The demand was not equaltothe sap- pi! ;consequently,prices were 6d to lsbelowl&atweek;'B quotation». The graziers were again of great assist- ance in clearing the mnrket. We quote-Best merino wethers, 58 lbs. to 62 lbs., 8s to 83 6d ; seconds 73 to 7s Od ; others,5s u,> ; best crossbred wethers 8a 6d to 9a ; seconds, 7s 6d to 8s ; other*, 63 up ; ewes in usual proportion. We sold-3 530 wethers for Messrs. Whittingham Bros, Willandra; 216 ewes for Messrs. Robertson Bros, Colac ; 135 ewes and wethers for Mr. A. Pearse, Coree. Prices ranging up to 8s 6d for merino wethers, to 7s 9d for eweB.-. Store Stock : We sold, 2,100 merino wethers on account of Messrs. Simmie and Craig, Cornelia Creek . also, 1,700 lambs, delivered at Kyneton.-Nov. 5. ' 