; SOUTH' 'AUSTRALIA.^. There has been an abundant rainfall in the Nbrjbh. .?;: .v v ' .' .' ..;?' , Parliament has been further prorogued until the4thof April. ' ! .Coal is reported to have been discovered on : Kangaroo Island. .....'?' ; The . new Academy of Music in Rundle , street will be bpened.in May. ? ? ;, ? ;. The Adelaide Co-operative .Society show a satisfactory business ' done . for the .past half year. ? '? ' ? :,-. .. Tonnage is freely offering for the United Kingdom, but there is some difficulty in pro curing cargoes. ? ? - ' The Murray-bridge being nearly finished, the ' Government intend to construct, without delay, that portion of the Naimo railway re quired, for use from Holdfast Bay. ? The Roman Catholic associations in Ade laide intend to present a silver-mounted emu ?egg inkstand to the Pope. Bishop Reynolds, , who will leave for Italy soon, will take it to. Home. The Marine Board inquiry into tho ground ing of the Alice Platt on Kangaroo Island re sulted in the censure of Bartlett, the officer in charge of the deck, as the board had no power ? to do more. During a hurricane on the north-west coast, on 24th January, the schooner Rosette, from Frethantle to .Cossack, is supposed to have foundered off Fortescue River ami all on board to have perished. ' ? . A terrible storm has occurred in tho South eastern district, witli extensive bush fires, ?which did great damage.', One .fire ..made a clean, sweep of all the farms between Wbrro long and ^rlonburnie. Several of the farmers lost eyerytjjing they possessed, Jiouses, stables, crops and stock, in a few minutes. A shepherd, named Qake, was burnt' to death. The loss sustained by a Mount Gambier bushfire is- estimated at £0000. ' Many ? famir lies, have »been rendered utterly destitute, and their children have been left with only their . night cjothes to wear, as they were not dressed when their parents 'commenced £ghting with the ' fire. Some assistance . has been sent to them from Gambier town. ' An exhibition was held on Feb. 27 ' , underthe auspices of the Royal- Agricultural Society, and tho Chamber of Manufactures. .The . result of the cqmbination was toprqduce the grandest' exposition ever seen in tho colony. The industrial exhibits -were the most striking feature; 'and wore specially good, and the ex tensive display was a groat attraction. The show of wool waB small,' but reniarKaWy good, There was a large, attendance i 'and Governor Jervois was pregopt. ;;, ... i . V A, man named 'Argles, knoiyn as '' the1 Pjl grim,' figiiyed: in fjje : Adelaidp pplicp' cqurt on 24th F^.,'on;|wq charges, pnp of assaulting Mr. (3arrpll, .1^0 edjipj.of ; $e Laiyterii^s^A (he other of ; attempting- to Obtain money frdnrMi'i James Allison, the /manager of the .' Theatre Royal, by means of threats. The first case was adjourned ; in tho other Argles was com mitted for trial, The threat; complained of was that Argles would make unfavorable reve lations about Allison in a pamphlet which ho contemplates publishing. In the court Argles raked up Mr. Carroll's antecedents. 