THE COLAC TRAGEDY. [By Electiuc Teleguaph. j THE TCKNBELL DISASTEK. Ellen Turubull, the sole surviving mem ber* of the ill-fated Turubull family, is in a very low condition. Her chest has been literally roasted. No hopes are held out for her recovery. Whitehall Staudlev is also ill a very precarious state. The raiu has com pletely subdued the bushfires. (Abridged from the Colac Herald.) The scene of the fearful bushfire which occurred ou Thursday last, the memorable 6th February, v now presents a sad and melancholy spectacle. The ©ulooktsrs describe the fire as looking like a wall of liames thirty feet high, sweep iug a mile of country before it. It would have been impossible for anyone to have passed, through it, as everything combustible was immediately swallowed up by the merci less Haines. Thelire completely swept awayall dry timber, and killed many fine green trees fifty and sixty feet high in the zenith of luxuriance. The conflagration travelled at the rate of eight miles au hour. An extra ordinary occurrence took place in counectiou with it. When it was raging in .Mr Dana her's paddock a lighted piece of bark was carried by a whirlwind a distance of a quar ter of a mile into Mi* Simon Campbell's pad dock. Mr Campbell was present at the time and saw the lighted material set fire to his laud, hut all bi3 efforts to impede its progress were totally* useless. It is im possible to state precisely what the extent is of the property destroyed, but it is supposed to be about 1500 acres, nearly all be longing to small holders. The particulars of each iudividnaFs lo3S are as follows :—Mr YVbilcbell Stamlley, 300 acres, and one and a half mile of fencing; Messrs Wray and Woods, 500 acres, and three miles of fen cing; Mr Patrick Dauaher, 160 acres, aud one .and a quarter mile or fencing; Mr Simon Campbell, 250 acres, and one mile of fencing ; Mr A. Murray, 220 acres, and two miles of fencing, and a large number of posts and rails which were lyiug ou the laud ; Mr William Chapman, 30 acres, aud little or no fencing. Messrs Deau«, Christie, and Stewart were slight sufferers through the fire, mid their feuces were slightly damaged. On Friday morning last up to a late hour a strange darkness reigned in the heavens, caused by the dense suioke from the lire, and up to six o'clock it was impossible to recognise an object three or four yards. The strange atmospherical phenomenon bad an awe-iiifiueuciug effect, and reminded oue of the celebrated dark day which caused such, cousteruation in America just 99 years ago. Ou Monday a fire again started iu Christie's paddock, north of where it was previously raging. Mr Simon Campbell and his son Jobn were out at their paddock clearing off the burnt debris, when a uie»se»«er arrived at the seeue who stated that Begley's house was on tire. Mr John Campbell then gal lantly obtained the horse and trap from his father and drove right through the raging flames and rescued Mrs Joseph Prijg and live children from the house. There were no other means of saving them, as three of the children were nearly suffocated by the stifling suioke, and if Mr Campbell had had to tnake two journeys some of the children might have perished. The childreu were those of Mr Joseph Priirg aud Mr H. Locock ; three of them Mr Prigg's, and the re maining two Mr Locock's. Mr Camp bell had his clothes burned while res cuing Mrs Prigg and the children, and suffered greatly, as did also his father, from the effects of the smoke. Other persons then arrived on the seeue, and owing to the strenuous exertions of Messrs George Hills, J. Prigg, IV- Danaher, Simon Campbell, and John Campbell, the house occuuied hv Mr Pr>"» was saved from being burped. Great praise is doe to'the gentlemen we- have named, wlio fearlessly, at the risk of their lives, were the means of- saving life and pro perty. The properties destroyed were those of Messrs'Kinane (ninety acres), Christie (three hundred acres), Prigg (one hundred acres), and Ballagk (number of acres not known). Fortunately, a copious downfall of rain set in on Monday night, which gradually subdued the spreading flames. The 'Birregurra correspondent of the Herald,: writing on Monday, says:—The forest for miles surrounding the township of Birregurra is all on fire. There is no prospect of stopping its career without the assistance of rain. There are hun dreds of bauds at work, and, althongh they keep it partially, in check, it cannot be entirely subdued without the assistance of rain. Several well-to-do farmers have been, 'entirely ruined. Messrs It. Calvert, Farqoharson, Hormans, Feriss, and others ' have lost their whole. Dame rumor has it that these fires have their origin from the action of a well-to do farmer and grazier, who lives within ten minutes' walk- of Bambra, and who, unfortunately for the sufferers, had selected 320 acres of scrubby forest land joining the locality, and beiug anxious to have it cleared of scrub at as little expense as possible set it on fire and left the consequences to fate. If such be true, which 1 have ever}- reason to be lieve it is, the sooner 6ach a scoundrel re ceives bis deserts the better. The inhabitants of Fair Isle, belonging to the Orkney and Shetland group, have trans mitted to the Duke of Oonnaught as a pre sent on his approaching marriage, a smoking cap, a yachting cap, a pair of kuiekerbocker hose, a muffler, and a pair of gloves, all wrought in the colors and patterns peculiar to the Fair Isle hosiery. 