CHORAL SERVICE AT ST." PAUL'S. The eve of the Festival of the Conversion of St. Paul was commemorated last night in \- St. Paul's Church by a choral service, and a sermon by the Rev. J. C. Love. The musical portion of the proceedings was given by the church choir, and the various hymns, an thems, and choruses were sung with fine efiect, and in a manner which reflects credit on their musical training. The Kev. X C Love, of All Saints1 Church, Newtown, preached a very effective and appropriate sermon on St. Paul's conversion, taking for his text—"And they glorified God in me," |GaL L,24. The lessons were read by the Rev. £ Canon Vance, of Kew; and the festal ser vice (Talis*) was intoned by the Rev. William p^p" Chalmers, pastor of St. Paul's, and the Kev. m John Stretch, the newly-appointed curate of tlE All Saints' Church, Isewtown. The choir, IS?, which is under the leadership of Mr |fp Chalmers, sang in grand style the anthem |§£ from Mendelssohn's oratorio of " St. Panl," I|| and the duet "Kow we are ambassadors" Ijt was rendered by Messrs Bailey and It. Gar ||r diner in a manner which evoked much favor et able comment Perhaps the best effort of the choir during the' evening was the singing of the last hymD, " Hark the sound," while the number " How lovely are the mountains'" was also much appreciated. The attendance was very good, there being abont 200 pre sent. At the conclusion of the service the Choir were entertained at the.Paisonage by Sir Chalmers. The body of a man aged about 5S years was found in a dam in the Upper Camp lie serve, Sandhurst, on Thursday. It is sup posed (says the Independent) to be a case of suicide. The Bendlgo Independent understands that Dr. Hinchcliff has been offered by the Go vernment the position of surgeon to the Pentridge Stockade. The salary attached is said to he £500 per annum, with resi dence provided, and the privilege of outdoor practice. i The Age's Warrandyte correspondent writes on Tuesday:—"We had a heavy' downpour of rain, and heavy thunder and lightning to-day, and the river Yarra is rising rapidly. The water is quite black, on consequence of the quantity of charcoal and ashes that are being washed from the numerous bushfires we have had lately. Much fencing has been destroyed by the fires in this district, especially on Brown station and the selections adjoining, and grass is now' very scarce here." I 