A MEETING of the agents of the various Fire Insurance Companies represented in Albury was held e few evenings since at the Globe Hotel, for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken to establish a local Fire Brigade, and to provide a fireengine. The agents in attendance undertook to solicit from their several offices some pecuniary assistance towards the object in view ; and having regard to the fact that the Insurance Companies have a laige interest in preventing the spread of a fire, it is not unreasonable to assume that the appeal will be to some extent successful. It is not, however, to be supposed that any subsidy which may be forthcoming in the direction indicated will piore anything like sufficient to meet all the expenses that most be incurred in carrying out this undertaking. The meeting had therefore to consider where the rest of the money was to come from; and the decision arrived at was that the balance of the sum required—whatever it might happen to be—mnst bo paid by the townspeople. Now accepting this decision as correct—and we can see no other way to provide the necessary funds—it follows that the money muft be raised directly from the townspeople by the agency of the subscription list, or else obtained indirectly in the shapeofa grant from the Municipal Council. The firstof these methods is open to several grave objections. In the first place, it is an uncertain 6ource of revenue; and if the fire brigade is to be kept going there will be certain regular working expenses which will have to be met by a certain regular income. The subscription-list plan is also a most unfair system, as it always results in a small number of public spirited citucns being saddled with the entire burden that should of right be distributed among the whole body of person B to be benefitted by the proposed outlay. If no other course be open, the subscription-list may be tried as a last resource; but it appears to us that the alternative suggestion is infinitely preferable. Not having a copy of the Act before us, and the question never having before arisen, we are unable to expiesB any opinion as to the powers of the Municipal Council in this matter. It may be that the local body could not legally appropriate any portion of the borough funds to the purpose in question, and in such a case there would be nothing for it but to go round with the hat. If, however, on the other hand, the Mayor and aldermen can me their way without any irregularity to apply some small sum annually to the maintenance of a fire brigade, we feel satisfied that the ratepayers will heartily endorse their action, in the full belief that the municipal funds could not possibly be expended in a mora useful or more legitimate manner. in * herntil Court, on Tuesday, the 13th inst, a Supreme AT the last sitting of the Albuiy Small Debts Court al ruling was quotod by Mr. TDOROLD that may be of some service in guiding the practico of similar tribunals iu other parts of the district. Tlio point to which the precedent had rofercnco was one concerning the jurisdiction of tho Small Debts Court. As ourreadorsaro probably aware, tho jurisdiction of those courts is limited to cases where the amount sought to be recovered docs not exceed £10. This is pretty well known to all suitors; and it is also generally understood that a claim exceeding the maximum of £10 may not be split in order to bring the cause within the jurisdiction of the court. There has, liowovor, been some doubt &s; to whether the Small Debts Court could deal with a case where the oiaim—-albeit under £10 in itself—consisted of the balance of aa account representing in a the first instance a much larger sum. In tho oaaa Preferred to on Tuesday* a man named STRACHAX sued one DAOMMPM), a contractor, for the sum of £10, the price of certain piles for the railway line. The original claim had been reduced to the sum named, by defendant being credited with a contra account for goods and cash given to plaintiff. Mr. NAQUB, who appeared for the defendant, aigued that the jurisdiction of the court was ousted, on the ground that the plaintiff's claim, representing the balance of a much larger sum than £10, could not be dealt with without enquiring into the original account Mr. THOBOLD, in reply, quoted the precedent to which we have referred. The Police Magistrate said the Court was quite with Mr. THOBOLD in the matter and had always ruled accordingly. Mr, NAOLE*S objection was therefore overruled, and the case—which otherwise presented no fea ture of public interest—was dealt with on its merits. The following are the particulars of the Supreme Court decision cited by Mr. THOBOLD :— SUPREME COURT. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1678. Third Term.—In Banco. (Before their Honors the Chief Jnstice, Mr. Jus tice Hargrave, and Mr. Justice Faucett) jEx parte in J. Peden in re Peden v. Manby.— This wag a motion to make absolute a rule nisi for & rule in the nature of a mandamus to be directed to Mr. John Davis, the Police Magistrate at Bega, and to Edward Manby, calling upon them to show cause why the Police Magistrate should not be called upon to hear and determine a case Peden v. Manby in the Court of Petty Sessions at Bega. From the affidavits filed it appeared that Manby owed a store account to the amount of £16 odd to Peden, who made many applications for payment. On the 17th November last he received a cheque for £6 odd from Manby, and a contra account of £10 10a., less 1-K, for law coste, and a request for a receipt in full. Peden answered that as he did not owe him anything he declined to accept the £6 in full, but lie would receive it on account On the 4th Decem- ber Peden issued a plaint for the balance £8 16s. Manby entered an appearance ; the case came on for trial on 16th December. The defendant did not appear, but the Police Magistrate read a letter which he had received from Manby asking to bare the case postponed, as he was unavoidably absent at the Eden District Court The case was accordingly postponed till the 15th January. On that day the hearing was postponed till the 29th, in accordance with a letter from Manby stating he was detained through ill-health in Sydnej'. On the 29th January the case was again called on ; the defendant did not appear. The Police Magistrate then stated that he had read the defence filed (a set-off exceeding £10), and was of opinion that he had no jurisdiction to hear the case, as the set-off filed.was not a bona fide claim, as he did not owe Manby anything. Peden was then sworn, but not allowed to give evidence, as the Police Magistrate declined to adjudicate, as his j urisdiction was ousted by the defence filed. Very on the evidence Riven he had considered that the jurisdiction of the Petty Debts Court had been ousted. Mr. Darley appeared in support of the motion ; Mr. Butler.Q.C., eud Mr. C. B.Stephen appeared for the Police Magistrate, Mr. Simpson appeared for Mr. Manby, not to contest the matter, but out of deference to the Court The Court unanimously made the rule absolute, Mr. Peden's costs to be paid by Mr. Manby. A person could sue in the Small Debts Court for a balance of account, that balance being less than £10. The affidavits were very voluminous, and contained many matters altogether irrelevant and immaterial. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Faucett were of opinion that the costs of Mr. Peden should be paid by Mr. Manbv, aa he was the prime mover in the whole matter and misled the Police Magistrate. Mr. Justice Hargrave thought that Mr. Manby should also have to pay the costs of the Police Magistrate. As stated in our last issue, the sentence of doath recorded against the Hatfield bushrangers has boon commuted to terms of imprisonment, with hard labor, varying from ten years to twenty-one years. With regard to the judgment displayed in thus apportioning the several penalties, or the wisdom of commuting the capital sentence at all, wo shall offer no opinion; but there is oneaspcct of the case which ought to bo considered by tho public and the Legislature with a view to preserve that wholesome respect for the laws of the country without which laws are of remarkably little use. It is a fact altogether beyond doubt that the death punishment is becoming practically obsolete. What with the unwillingness of juries to incur tho responsibility of a conviction in capital cases, and the disposition ' generally manifested by the Executive to commute ihp,capital sentence whenever there is the least justification for such a coune, not one jpersoh of three who have incurred the death penalty is ever hanged. Now to prevent any m|^take on the subject, it may be as not find feultwith tltis disposition on the part of the public to «lean to mercy's side." The value of capital punishment BS a deterrent from crime is at boat a moot point; and the evidences in its favor axe certainly not strong enough to create a wish for the return of the old days when a man was hanged for stealing a sheep, and when executions were affiurs of everyday occurrence. But at the same time it appears to us that if the feeling of the people, the views of those in authority, and in fact the general tendency of the age, be against the infliction of capital punishment, thl only legitimate way to give effect to such views is not by evading or overriding the evident meaning and spirit of the law, but by an alteration of the law. If the death penalty is not to be carried out—and every day brings stronger proof that it will soon be absolutely done away with—the more quickly the law imposing it is repealed the better. There is nothing to be gained by any further repetitions of the solemn farce that took place when theae four yonug ruffians, having been found guilty, were sentenced " to be hanged by the neck" until dead. If the law is to be of any service for the prevention of crime, criminals must be made to understand that the sentence pronounced by the judge is not a mere idle threat of punishment, but a perfectly truthful and cxact indication of what the offender will have to undergo. THE lively agitation which has for some time past been on foot with regard to tho route to be adopted in the construction of the branch railway towards Hay, has at length come to an end. The original proposition, it will be remembered, was that the deviation from the main line should commenco at Junee, and that the branch should be carried towards Hay by way ofNarandera. This scheme was vigorously opposed by the press and the public of Wagga Wiagga in the interest of a direct line from that township to traverse the southern bank of the Murrumbidgee. This was represented to be not only the best in regard to the amount of traffic that it would secure, but it was also stated to be the most easy of construction and the shortest line, and therefore the cheapest Influenced by the strong representations made on this point, and with a view to determine the relative merits of the rival schemes, tho Government commissioned Mr. ADAMS, the Surveyor-General, and Mr. Bur* NETT, of the Public Works Department, to visit the locality, examine the different routes, and report thereon. The report of Messri, ADAMS and BENNETT came to hand last week, and will bo found in another column. It will be observed that it does not exactly bear out the representation* made on behalf of the Wagga scheme, but recommends the original plan of a line from Janee to Narandera, on the ground that " the money is voted and all preliminary steps taken, and that it is the quickest way of patting Sydney in communication with Hay j as by the making of 62 miles of rail the line reaches the navigable part of the Murrumbidgee, and opens the communication at once." This decision will not meet with much fevor in Wagga Wagga, which will now be entirely cut out of the Hay traffic. According to the Sydney papers, the disappointment thus created should be somewhat lessened by the commissions' further recommendation of another branch line from Hanging Bock to TJrana and JcrUderie. Wo fear, however, tliat the advantages accruing to Wagga from this extension would be of tho smallest; for in spite of break of gauge, bolder duties, aud custom-houso complications/ tho bulk of the traffic from the country and the railway stations south of the Murrumbidgee is bound to find its way to Melbourne as surely and certainly as water runs down hilL tho 9th inst. tho Minister for Lands was Waited on by a deputation who presented a petition numerously signed by selectors in the Cooma district, praying that conditional purchasers under the Land Act of 1801 should not be compelled to prove before a Court of Inquiry that they had fulfilled the condition* of residence and improvement required by Jw. In support of the petition, several mombow of tho deputation pblnteft out the iq)^ tioe that would result from now insisting upon the production of evidence that might be impossible to produce, liowovor, faithfully tho conditions hod been .fulfilled. In reply, Mr. HOSKINS aaid that that his predecessor in office—Mr. DRIVER— had given instructions that selections which had matured previous to the passing of the Act of 1875, and where the department had no reason to believe there had been any default as to the conditions, should be withdrawn from the Courts of Inquiry. This, however, did not apply to those selections that had not matured, which latter would bo referred in duo course to the Commissioners, in common with the selections taken up under tho Act of 1675. With regard to the contention that the Government had no right to question the fulfilment of conditions on the old selections, the Minister stated that the Government " had the highest legal opinion that it was in their power to make inquiry even after interest had been paid " Now if it were at all probable that the Government intended pushing this "power to make inquiry " to unpleasant lengths, it might be worth while to ask for some further details of the " highest legal opinion " referred to by Mr. HOSKINS, with a view to determine the nature and limits of the authority so very vaguely defined. All the circumstances of the case, however, point to the conclusion that the 6ubmi8sion of the old selections to tho Courts of Inquiry is merely a formal affair. This is evident, indeed, from a remark made by Mr. HOSKINS to the Corowa deputation to the effect that "he expected the Commissioner would get through about 100 cases a day." It is also evident from the general tenour of the circular recently issued to the Commissioners, and winch we publish elsewhere. ALBCRT HOSPITAL.—'The Treasurer acknowledge* reoeipt of the following amounts -.—Collected by Mr. Walter Smith. £9 16s.; donation from Mr. C. H. Swainson, £1. THE BAEBDJOTON GOLDFIELD.—One of the latest telegrams from the Barrington diggings states that in the Mountain Maid claim, at the 145 ft.level, richer gold has been struck than has yet been found. The reef is reported to be still widening. COURTS OF IKQUIRV.—Courts of Inquiry nnder the Land Act will be held as follows:—Moama, Tuesday, 20th May; Deniliquin, Thursday, 22nd Mar; Hay, Thursday, 29th May; Corowa. Wednesday, 4th June; Albury, Monday, 9th Jane; Oermanton, Tuesday, 17th June. ALBURY GAS COMPANY.—We have received numerous enquiries touching the progress of the movement started a few months ago for supplying the town of Albuty with gas, and would suggest that an early meeting of the shareholders be convened for the purpose of determining what steps should next be taken. TUB BISHOP OF GODLBDBN.—The Lord Bishop of Gonlbura arrived in Urana on Saturday last, and was escorted into town by Mr. Faed and a large number of persons on horseback and in carriages. On Sunday the Bishop held a confirmation service and preached, and on Monday a public meeting or the members of the congregation was held at which a committee was elected for the management of church affairs. ALBURY CRICKET CLUB.—We had an opportunity a few days since of seeing the very handsome gold medals awarded to those players who during the past year have achieved the greatest success in the cricket field. The medals are of standard gold, chastely designed, and bearing in each case a neatly-engraved inscription setting f orth the name ot the recipient and the special achievement in recognition of which the award is made. The medals will be presented at a gene meeting ot the club to be held this evening. I.O.G.T.—A new Lodge in connection with the above Order was recently opened in Albury, and now musters nearly 30 members. The following officers have been elected for the ensuing quarter: -W. Smith, W.C.T.; E. G. Murphy, V\T.; A. Cornfoot, P.W.C.T.; F. Crisp, L.H.; G. Ogle, Hon. Sec.; F. M'Kenzie, F.S.; B. Evans. A.F.S; W. Matthews, T.; 1). Rhodes, W.C.; J. Jordan, M-ji J. Crisp, O.G.; P. Fernio, T.G.; W. Smith, CRICKET CLOD MEETING.—The wind-up general meeting of members of this club will be held at Schmiedt's hotel this evening, at 8 o'clock. The annual balance-sheet, which shows the club to be free from debt, will be preseuted to the meeting and the medals «nd tropics competed for during the season will be handed over by the Vice- President to the respective winuers. Six gold medals, artistically mounted by the secretary, are on view in the show window of Mr. 0. Cattlin, jeweller, Dean-street, and are well worthy of an Inspection. .. A «? t8 .T Da^uwEBB.-At tbe last sitting of the Small Debts Court some fourteen persons were summoned for arrears of rates due to the Municipal Council. In most of the oases a settlement was made before tho sitting of the Court, In all the instances, however, which were brought before the Bench a verdict was given for the amount claimed, with costs. The mayor, we understand, is fully determined to carry ont the wishes ot the Council with regard to the prompt v oolleotlon. of all outstanding rates. EXHIBITION COMMITTEE.—A meeting of the Executive Committee was held at the Court-house on Thursday afternoon, Captain Brownrigg in the chair. A schedule of prizes was submitted and approved of, and a resolution proposed for the immediate advertising of the list. Some discussion took place on this point, on account of the list of prizes in the agricultural sections, which IB to be suppUed by the Agricultural Society, not having yet been prepared. It was ultimately decided to advertise the schedule at once, adding the agricultural prize-list when ready. STOCK MOVEMENTS, The following are the only stock movements reported for the week :— 40 head fut cattle from Yana Yarra—30 for Victoria, 10 for an Albury butcher (very prime); 476 store cattle from A. K. Finlay, Bethanga, lor Bulla, Paroo River, Queensland. On Saturday, May 10, there crossed at the bridge, Wahgunvah, 160 fat cattle, from Messrs. Macleay and Clark's station, Kerarbury, N.S.W. (John White in charge); 32 cows and calves from Mr. David Jenkins, Yanko Creek, N.S.W.; and 42 fat cattle from Mr. David Munro's station—all for Melbourn QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY SPORTS.—We are «kd to learn that the regatta announced lor the Queen's Birthday, and the other sports by which thnt eneral holiday IB to be celebrated, are likely to Se well contested, and to attract a large crowd of visitors to the town. The principal feature of the day's programme will of course be the regatta, and as this is an entire novelty in the district it should prove a very powerful attraction. And the contest we have every reason to believe will not disappoint the most sanguine expectations. First-rate crews are already in training for the affair, and Bome capital racing may be counted upon. Corrojr TRUE CREEK.—The district surveyor at Beechworth and Yackandandah has reported to the Mining Department to the effect that a cake of retorted gold, weighing 32oz. has been obtained from a crushing of about 15£ tons of uartz, taken from a mine on the Cotton-tree Ircek, near Bethanga. The party working the claim are also Baid to have been netting £6 per week per man since they started operations. A second report has also reached the Mining Department ot another excellent crushing, obtained from 60 tons of quartz taken from a reef on Mount Firebrace. In this instance the cake weighed 42&oz.; It is stated that a company from Ballarat is being formed to open out and work the main reef in the locality named. CHILDREN'S TRIP TO SANDHURST.—The following letter has been received by the correspondent of the Wodonga Board of Advice from Mr. Marshall, head teacher of the Chiltern State School, with reference to the proposed excursion to Sandburst :—"Chiltern School, No. 327, May ISth, 1679\. To W. C. M'Farlane, Correspondent of Board of Advice, No. 268. Sir,—Everything in connection with the trip to Sandhurst has been arranged with the exception of the date, and that I am afraid will not be fixed for some time, as the Fire Brigade Demonstration at Beech worth will interfere. In my application to the Department for a train, I stipulated that it should take up passengers from Wodonga; the train to start from there about 6.30 a.m. As soon as the date is fixed I will at once Bend you word.—Yours, &c.;, J. S. MARSHALL, Head Teacher, Chiltern." THE JUNCTION OF THE TWO R AILWAY SYSTEMS. On Tuesday last, in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Bowman asked the Secretary for Public Works,—1. When it is expected that the extension of the railway to Albury will be completed 1 2\. Upon the completion of such extension, what distance will intervene between the Victorian terminus at Wodonga and the New South Wales terminus at Albury T 3. Have any steps been taken or negotiations entered into with the Victorian Government to connect these two termini during the time that th« present extension to Albury is proceeding, so that when the line to Albury is ready to be opened the railways (Victoria and New South Wales) may at the same time form a junction t 4. If no such steps have yet been taken, what is the intention of the Government with respect to joining the Victorian line 1 PROFESSOR CAVIL£.—A largo number of persons gathered together on the uank of the river last Saturday to witness the performances o! Professor Cavill and his two children. The professor commenced by giving a sample of his proficiency with the side-stroke. The children then went into the water, and performed several feats all more or less wonderful, and displaying great skill on the part of the youngsters. After this Mr. Cavill gave an exhibition of swimming feet forwards, swimming with one hand out of the water, &c.;, Sc. Several of the feats were warmly applauded, a handicap race between the two children being perhaps the most taking item in the programme; but the effect of I he whole exhibition was somewhat marred by the iact thnt the setting sun shone full in the laces of the specta tors on this side of the river, which prevented a full view being obtained. ROHAN CATKOMC.—-The consecration of the new ltomau Catholic Church of St. Augustiue at Wodonga took place on Sunday last. The ccrcmony was performed by the Right Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Saudhurst, who was assisted by tho Very Rev. Dr. M'Alrov and the ltcv. Van Der Heyden, parish p.-iest. The consecration was performed in accordance with the rituul prescribed for such occasion, including a procession round the building, the aspersion of the walls, &c.; At the close of the special service on eloquent sermon was preached by the Bishop, addressed more particularly to the candidates lor confirmation, His Lordship then confirmed a large number of candidates, and the ceremony was brought to a close. The local choir was strengtheued on the occasion by a number of the members of the choir of St. Patrick's, Albury, and the whole of the musical portion of the service was under tho direction of Mr. H. Alpen. ALTERATION of TRAINS.—It appears that the train now leaving Wodonga at midnight is to be p,an staS the fir«t ® S ^ i 1 ? , of a tnta it wni lwV f 6 , fl<m Th0 ' '"knight o ™ • 0 ^ . , Ar, - r «"/>.iv,\i, f.^menil)cru, . , > wa8 ouo .P« iiui. t 0,1 on at the ini request ol Melbourne merchants in order to prevent the delay 0f five hour* that had previously occurred m the transmission of correspondence from Sydney to Melbourne. It is stated, however, that considerable injury has been caused to the passenger traffic since the change has taken effect, and the Minister of Railwavs has therefore decided upon ignoring the claims of the Melbourne merchants in favour of the travelling public. The Sydney mails will once again have to repose for five hours in the Albury post office previous to resuming their journey, but the passengers for Melbourne will no longer have to start upon their journey in the middle of the night. The old system will be returned to on the 1st June. THE VICTORIAN ELECTORAL ROLLS.—We would remind persons who take an interest iu Victorian noli tics that Monday, the 2nd of June next, is the last day lor setting unrolled on the supplementary lists to be compiled on that date. Should a general election occur within the next six months, those persons not on the rolls now in force and ueglecting to take out electoral rights on or before the date above mentioned, will be disfranchised. Rolls can be inspected, ami overy information regarding the electoral law given, oil application to the various ivgistnus throughout the respective divisions of cach district, without fee. Mr. Jas. Baiubrick is the electoral registrar fur the Wodonga division of trie Ovens, and Mr. W. T. Soulbv for the Becchworth division. For the Beuambra electorate, Mr. N. P. Newnan is the registrar for the Mitta Mitta and Towong divisions, with Messrs. Cole and Waldermar Dvring deputies at Bethanga and Tallangatta ; Mr. W. H. Cochrane for the Snowy Creek division ; Mr. Joseph Smart for the Yackandandah division; and Mr. W m. Phipps, for the Omco division. NARROW ESCAPE OF A TRAIN.—'The train arriving at Wodonga on Tuesday night had n narrow escape from a very 6erious mishap. It appears that a number of cattle had strayed on to the line, and were camped on or in the neighborhood of the bridge that spans a de«p gully a short distance from the terminus. The train went through the mob, killing four head on the spot. As it happened, no farther damage was done, hut we may point out that had the engine been forced off the rails at the bridge, nothing could have prevented the entire train being hurled bodily into the gully, a depth of 40ft. Such a result, we need hardly say, would probably have been attended with wholesale destruction of human life, to say nothing of the damage to Government property. After this warning the railway authorities will perhaps see the necessity of placing a man in charge of the terminus gates, through which the animals must have gained access to the line. These gates have hitherto been left to take care of themselves, and, remaining open all day, allow wandering cattle to enter the reserve, where they poke about unnoticed till dark, and then make their way down the line, to the imminent danger, as the accident above related proves, not only of their own lives, but of the lives of human beings. ALBURY HOSPITAL COMMITTEE.—A meeting of this lis body was held on Thuisday, the members memL.» present being Messrs. M'Kee, Mudge, Nagle, Thorold, M'Lennan, and Cullen. The minutes of last meeting having been read and confirmed, the Superintendent's report for the month ot April was read. The substance of this report was published iu our last issue. The treasurer reported £19 16*. fid. the balance to the credit of the hospital; to this was to be added £9 odd not yet paid in. Against this, liabilities to the amount of about £250 were outstanding. About £200 was now due from the Government. Mr. Thorold thought the tradesmen ought to be paid. In former days the committee had an overdraft, and lie thought they might stiH be allowed to overdraw to the extent of say £300, Tho treasurer Baid he bad no doubt that if the circum stances of the case were properly stated in an application to the local manager of the hank, the overdraft would be granted. Mr. Cullen thought some active steps ought to be taken for the collection ot money. Mr. Mudge said the usual collectors were still gathering money. £126 odd had already been collected since the beginning ot the year. It was decided that application should be made to the bank for an overdraft of £300. Collectors were then appointed to canvass the town for subscriptions, and the meeting closed. SUICIDE AT SPLITTERS CREEK.—A magisterial inquiry was held by Captain Brownrigg on the 9th inst, at Splitters Creek touching the death of Ferdinand AVeizg. From the evidence given at the inquiry, it appeared that John Weiez, a selector on the creek, brother to the deceased, and with whom the latter had Ixuu living, proceeded to his work ou the morning of the 9th, leaving the deceased lying on his bed. Soon after going out he heard the report of u gun inside the house! and, returning at once, found his brother lying on his back across this bed, the gun between his legs, and blood flowing from his mouth. A string was attached to the trigger of the guu and the right foot of the deceased, who was appurentlv dead when l'ound by his brother. The gun used to bang on the wall near tho bed of deceased, ami was always kept loaded. The brother obtained the assistance of a Chinaman who lived near, named Ah Took, and placed the body on the bed where it was found by the police. The deceased was supposed to have been suffering from heartdisease—for which ho had been attended about a month ago by Dr. Duncan—and had been in bad health some time previous to his death. Four days before, he had told his brother it was no use his living. Dr. Andrew, Government medical officer of the district, examined the body, and found a gunshot wound in the roof of the mouth, lie could not sav whether it had been caused bv a bullet or by shot, but instantaneous death must have resulted from it. Between three nnd four years ago he (Dr. Andrews) had been called in to visit the deceased who was then spitting blbod, n * hid Paralysis of one side. He could give no pinion as to the state of mind of the deceased. The magistrate found that the death was owing to the effect of a self-inflicted gunshot wound FIRE BRIGADE.—A meeting of the agents of the several Fire Insurance Companies represented iu Albury was held at tho Globe Hotel on Wednesday evening. Mr. Bradley, of the firm of Fleming and Bradley, agents of the Liverpool, London, and Globe Office, -occupied the chair. The chairman explained that the object of tho meeting was to concert measures for providing a tire engine and for the establishment of a local fire brigade, to consist ol members who would be paid for their services. Iu pointing out the necessity for Bomc action of this kind being taken, the speaker referred to the enormous amount of injury always done to property iu cases of fire by the injudicious zeal of amateur salvors ; and argued that if it were only for the prevention of this wholesale and unnecessary destruction, the formation of a properly-disciplined body or men, to assume the direction ol affaire at a fire, was urgently required. Some discussion then ensued an to the questian of ways and means, and opinions were expressed to the effect that the Borough Council might reasonably be expected to contribute to the cost of providing the engine and of maintaining the brigade. The chairman stated that he hud communicated with tbc office he represented, asking if the company would be disposed to con tribute. In reply, he had received a letter in which certain preliminary questions were asked. These, be thought, lie should be able to answer satisfactorily, but in the meantime ot course he was not in a position to sav what the company would do in the matter. lie would, however, suggest that each agent should write to the office he represented asking for assistance to further the end in view. In compliance with this suggestion, the following motion was formally put to the meeting and carried :—" That with a view to the formation of an efficient fire brigade in Albury, the various insurance companies represented in the town be invited to contribute towards the purchase of a suitable engine and appliances, and to the maintenance of a brigade." It was also resolved that the chairman, with Messrs. Gordon and Crommelin, communicate with the Mayor and Borough Council in order to ascertain to what extent the local body would assist in the movement. The meeting then adjourned until Thursday, the 22nd inst. SUMMONS FOR MAINTENANCE.—At the local police court, on Tuesday last, William Wade was charged, at the instance of Rosanna Edwards, with deserting his six illegitimate children. Mr. Fleming appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Thorold for the defence. The following evidence was taken :—Rosanna Edwards deposed : I was living with Wade since 1867 ; I left my service to go away with him, and lived with him as his wife for eleven years; my first child was born in April, 1868, at which time I had been eleven months with defendant; defendant ia the father of all my children ; it is abont eighteen months ago since we first ceased to live together in the same camp ; we fell out about another woman, and he threw me uie iuvu into b a uuik tank i ; uiter after a uuic time uc he made matte it up W1U1 with m e > AND he brought mo into Albury and got a house for me ; I stayed eight months in Albury, and defendant supported me; at his request I shitted over to Wodonga, where he also supported me till the middle of April; he then gave me £L and said he should go away for a fortnight; I have never seen him since ; I have no means of supporting the children but by charity; Wade told me five months ago that it he were to eell out his land on the Yanko —a 640-acre selection—he would have £1500 ; he has eight horse* and (our drays; be is a tanksinker and fencer, contracting for these works; he has told me that he could earn £10 or £15 a week, but had the horses to keep out of it; he never disputed the paternity of any of the children except the last one ; he said he would not own that, as it wa< a Iwv, all the others being girls. To Mr. Thorold : I am a married woman, and my husband is still alive ; I got. married at 8 a.m. and left him at 4 p.m.; I had not left service when I met defendant. [The witness here was cross-examined with a view to show that she had been improperly intimate with other persons, and made admissions to that effectj. I was never arrested in the Chinese Catnn; I was once arrested for going down to the Flat dressed in men's clothes ; I am not aware that Wade lost £300 on his railway contract; he used to tell me different yarns; I tried to get a warrant for Wade; I never wrote to him nor got any one else to write to him; I did make inquiries as to where he was. To Mr. Fleming: My -first child was called Mary Ellen at defendant's request, that being his mother's name. William Wade deposed : I am a laborer ; I first went to live with plaintiff in 18(18 or 1839; the eldest child was born a short time altei-wards ; it might have been throe nmntliR but it was not more ; the child was named M.irv Ellen at the plaintiff's own suggestion ; it was not my mother's name; I never said it was ; I supported plaintiff for about eight years as near as I c.m guess ; I brought her from' Gerogery in February, 1878; it was alrout 27th March last that I ceased to support plaintiff and her children ; I have two horses and a dray ; I have no selection of my own; I was living at Smith's selection when I was arrested. To Mr. Thorold : lost £300 by a contract on the railway ; I have reason to know that plaintiff was unfaithful to me [witness here gave evidence as to certain discoveries made by him relative to plaintiff's itilidolitv, and also stated positively that the last child could not possibly be his] j supposing on order to be tuadeagainst mo to contribute towards tho support ot such of the children as are mine 1 could not pay £2 a week ; I could not earn so much as that altogether ; I could not now earn more than 35s. a week. To Mr. Fleming : I ouce had au interest in Smith's selection; if I had been able to pay the value he was to turn it over to me, but 1 ucvor bad tho money j I helped Smith to intike his Improvements to the value of 430) when I look the railway oontraot I had £150 fa cash, 8 hones, a bnggy.aud 4 drays; now I bare no money at all. Thu concluded the evidence, and lie. Thorold addressed the Bench for the defence. An order wu made for (be payment of 25*. per week for six months, with coats. Plaintiff's attorney requested that professional costs, if awarded to him, might be applied to the benefit ol the children, and an order wu made accordingly. TEKDEB* ACCEPTED.—Tenders hare been acl for various Qorernment road contracts a* flows :—J. Fitegerald, contract 6H. road Little Billabong to TnmWumfaa; W. Holler, contract 7H, road Little Billabong to Tombaramba; J. * Cummingt, contract 7H, road Albury to Wsgga Wagga; J. Cusack, contract 8H, road Twelvemile Creek to Welaregang. BEBCHWOBTH CIBCCIT COURT.—On the 8th inst. the charge of mtuder preferred against Thomas Hasan, evidence in which case bad been partly beara on the previous day, was resumed. After a lengthy examination of numerous witnesses the jury returned a verdict of quilty. and the prisoner wu sentenced to death. William Raystrick was charged with having assaulted with intent, &c.;, one Alary Jane Adams. A second count charged him with a common assault. Prisoner was convicted on the minor charge, and sentenced to nine months' imprisonment with bard labor. James Armstrong, charged with shooting with intent to muider one Samuel M'Connell at Porepunkah, was acquitted. This concluded the criminal business. EHTERTAIHKKNT AT MIDDLE CREEK.—A wellattended tea meeting was held at the Weslevan Church, Middle Creek, on the 6th inrt. The tables woe spread with the usual liberal assortment of good things, which receired every attention at the hands of the numerous visitors. After tea the chair was taken bv Mr. Blaekmore, and the meeting was addressed by several leading members of the denomination. * Mr. Cunningham congratulated the meeting upon the improvement perceptible in the growth of the place, as evidenced by the large gathering in attendance on the present occasion, and by the establishment ot such associations as the Leneva Mutual Improvement Society, of which be bad been invited recently to become a member, and which he heard with pleasure already mustered 82 strong. This was really a most encouraging success, and augured well for the future ol the place. He (the speaker) did not bold exactly with the dictum rightly or wrongly attributed to Bacon — " Knowledge is power," bat there could be no doubt thatknowledge was the source oi power, and gave power to its possessor. It was therelore of the greatest value. The speaker lure entered into a rather lengthy dissertation upon the subject of knowledge generally, with a view to show that the highest and best knowledge was that which enabled the possessor to subject himself without reservation to the will ot God, At the close of his remarks some vocal music was rendered in good style by members of the Leneva Mutual Improvement Society's singing class. The Bar. Mr. Masters, of Albury, who wu the next iker, delivered a brief but pithy address on subject oi economy of time, pointing out bow r modi might be achieved, in addition to the ordinary routine work of the day, bv those who baa the will to turn to account the odd halfhours which were too generally wasted. In illustration of what might be done in this way, the speaker referred to the well-known Elwu Burnet, who managed whilst working bard at bis trade of a blacksmith to master several languages modem and ancient. Mr. M*Cutcheon, of Melbourne, followed Mr. Masters with on address full oi humor and anecdote, which kept the audience in a roar of laughter from beginning to end. The meeting closed with the usual vote of thank*. In connection with the foregoing, we understand that the members of the Iocs! singing class are a little sore at what they consider lather shabby treatment. It appears that they were requested to assist at this meeting, and, promising compliance, they prepared a programme and went into regular practice. At the last moment, however, their programme was re jected, and another substituted in ita place, so that they had their lalior in the matter of practice and preparation as the sole reward for their pains. SMALL DEBTS COURT.—The usual monthly sitting of this court wu held on Tuesday last, when the following cases were dealt with :—Liu Wah v. William Davie ; claim for £2, cash paid ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. , Strachan v. Druinmond; claim for 410, work and labor done. Mr. Thorold for plaintiff. Mr. Nagle, for defendant, raised a question as to tho jurisdiction of the court, seeing that the sum sued for wu the balance of an account for a laiger amount than £10. Mr. Thorold quoted a recent decision of the Supreme Court to show that the court had j urisdiction. The Bench said that balances under £10 bad always been held to be recoverable iu the court, and the case proceeded, resulting in a vcrdict for plaintiff for j£G 7s. 6d. and costs. Doivnio Brbs. v. Gregson; claim for £7 8s., goods sold and delivered; verdict for amount claimed and costa. J. O'Callaghan v. Leek; no appearance, struck out. Curtii v. 0. J. Moore; claim for £8 8s., professional costs; order for amount claimed and costs; Dr. Duncan v. Farmer j claim for £i 4s. for medical fees. Defendant in this case pleaded that the attendance of Dr. Duncan upon bis wife was attendance in his capacity as hospital etitgeon. Mrs. Farmer being an outpatient of the hospilaL Dr. Duncan stated that it was not customary for hospital surgeons to visil outpatients ; defendant had been treated t>y him as a private patient. Mr, Mudge, who was onthe Ben A. said that defendant, being on outpatient, w»» entitled to he treated by either dootor. Plaintiff was nonsuited. Dr. Duncan v. Montague; claim for £8 8s., medical fees; verdlctljy oonsentibr plaintiff. Curtis v. Wallace t ctalm for £1 l3i. f verdict for amount and cost*. Affleck and Gray v. Dr. Lynn; claim for I 10M veidlot for amount and ooits. S ^OMl V. k Meldrum; tflalm for £B 5s,; verdict ior amount claimed and costs. P, Kelly v. W. Smith: claim for £3 9/. 5d.; verdict for amount claimed and costs. E. CM V. James Tripp ; claim for £9 19s. 6d.; verdict for amount claimed and costa. Kelly v Winter; claim tat £3 12s.; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Kelly v. George Davidson ; claim for £1 7s. 6d.; vetdict for amount claimed and costs. Kelly r. O'SuIlivan ; claim for £2 0s. lOd.; verdict for amount claimed with costs. Kelly v. Tregoning; claim ioi £2 3s. 31; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Kelly v. Garbraith ; claim for £2 8s. 6d.; verdict fjr plaintiff, with costs. Bennett v. Gilpin ; claim for £6 2«. 6d.; verdict for £5 17s. 6d. and costs. Borough of Albury v. Theodore Veen; claim for £i 5s. 44\. for rates; verdict for amount claimed and costs. W. Jones v. H. Berry ; claim for £3 12«. 7d.; verdict for plaintiff, with costs. Same v. J. Finney; claim for £i 12s.; verdict for amount claimed. Jacksou and Co. v. Wade ; claim for £1 8s. fid.; verdict for plaintiff and costs. Jackson and Co. v. G. Filmer ; claim for 17s. 6d.; verdict lor plaintiff, with cost?. M. Solomon v. George E. Davidson ; claim for 9s.; verdict for amount with costs. N. Whight v. P. Griffiths ; claim for £9 lis.; verdict for amount claimed and costa. The following persons were summoned by the Municipal Council for arrears of rates :—Thomas Ford, £2 5s. 6<J.; verdict for amount and costs. Frank Cattrell, £2 Os. 6d.; verdict for amount claimed and con?. Mr. Nagle appeared for the Council in these case?. C. Griffiths v. R. Manning ; claim for £3 15s. lor commission on loan; verdict fo# plaintiff, with costs. Downie v. Robertson ; claim for £9 14*. fid.; verdict for amount claimed and costs. St. LUKE*8, WODONGA.—We append a few farther particulars of the late tea meeting at Wodonga in aid of the funds of St. Luke's Church. The Rev. J. A. White, who occupied the chair, referred in a few encouraging words to the published report of the church and to the larj»e district belonging to it, urging the meeting to a steady anddili. members of the church. The programme was opened by Miss Davie singing "My own, my guiding star," accompanied by Mr. Waring, the church organist. This very young lady has a good voice, and is certiinly a vocalist of promise. The Rev. James Henry, of Albury, next gave an address on "Self," characterised by bis usual solid advice and fine Christian feeling. " Down by the deep, sad sea" wu then sung by Mr. Gray, who hu a sweet tenor voice of full compass, in a manner that elicited loud applause. The Rev. T. Angwin, of Albury, then addressed the meeting. Speaking with animation, he went through a searching analysis of modern thought, illustrating by rscy anecdotes a speech of considerable interest. Miss Sarah M'Koy next sang " The Gipsy's Warning" in eueh style as to secure au encore, and Come, Birdie, Come," wu given in response. Miss M M'Koy possesses a powerful contralto voice. The Rev. A. D. Acocks, Vicar of Albuiy, spoke forcibly upon the present condition ol church life, and its bearing upon the infidelity, rationalism, and indifference of the present day. He bad no doubt as to the ultimate issue of the contest, but at the same time he could not but observe the great harm—the moral wreckage—produced by the spirit of worldlings and scepticism around us, instances of which had been painfully forced upon him that day. He concluded an admirable speech by offering bis services to the congregation of St. Luke's Church at any time., A song, entitled Mother kissed me in my dream," wu very effectively rendered by Mr. Merrin, who is an acquisition to the choir of St. Luke's. Mr. Daniel Ferguson next gave a reading from the Pickwick Papen, which took immensely with the audience. Mr. Fetgusson reads in good style, is a capital delineator of character, ana never fails to delight his bearers. This wu followed by Miss Bailey singing "Maggie's Secret' This piece was undoubtedly the gem of the evening, and the audience testified to the fact by the lond and prolonged applause which followed. This eonghaving drawnfoitba vigorous encore, "Bonnie Scotland" was given in response. The Rev. Mr. Burke, Chilteni, spoke at considerable length, ably pointing out the excellencies aud defects of the modern pulpit. He evidently believes in a strong phytique for large colonial parishes. Votes of thanks to the ladies, &c.;, brought the proceedings to a close.—Communicated. FAT STOCK FOB MELBOURNE.—We are indebted to Mr. Cyrus Smith, stock agent, Wodonga, for the following list of stock trucked at Wodonga on Tuesday for Melbourne 100 bead bullocks from Messrs. Mate and O'Donnell, Bringembrong, to Messrs. Peck, Hudson and Raynor; 30 head cattle from Mr, M'Donald, to Messrs. Peck, Hudson and Raynor ; 33 bead bullocks from Mr. Geo. Little, Mitta Mitta, to Messrs. Peck, Hudson, and Raynor; 100 head bullocks from Messrs. Kiley end Roche, Welaregang, to Messrs. R. Gibson aud C<».; 0 bead cattle from Mr. Beatty, Kiewa, to Messrs. 11. Gibson and Co.; 10 bead cattle from Mr. Davey, Wodonga. to Messrs. 11. Gilwon and Co.; 60 bead bullocks from Mr. C. Dight, to Messrs. J. G. Dougherty aud Co.; 31 head cattle from Mr. Win. Huon, Wodonga, to Messrs. J. G. Dougherty and Co.; 30 head cattle from Mr. Waldron.F Co, to from Dougharty and Co.; and 7 pigs from Mr. C. Hugglns, Bethanga, to Messrs. Fisken and Gibson. CRICKET : HOOKD HILL v. MOUNTAIN CHEEK. —A correspondent writesj—" A cricket match wu played on the 3rd instant between eleven of Bound Hill and a like number ol Mountain Creek. The Mountain Creek team consisted of members of the local Football Club, who have not had much practice at cricket. They acccpted the challenge from Bound Hill, however, on the condition that the tnatoh should be lollowed up at an early date by a contest at football. The Mountain Creek players, I may add, are quite prepared to * ' '' any football team ttat tiy oonoiuuona wim any looioau team mat may avoir them with a challenge. The following i» the score of the cricket match :—Mountain Creek —First Innings: Gell, b Balfour, 4 ; T. Bond, Hall, 13; J. Hams, b Balfour, 2; H. M'Elroy. b Rattlev, 12; E. M. Bond, c BalTour, b Rattley, 2; W. Morris, b Hall, 12; W. Bond, ran out, 4 ; J. Casey, b Battley, 9 ; J. Sutherland, not oat, 2; H. Hart,b Hall, 0; J. Flinn, b Hall.O; byee, 13 ; leg-byes, 2; wides, 2—total, u. Round Hill- Flirt Innings: Hall, b M'Elrov, 3; Kearnev, st M'Elroy. b Gell, 0; Cracklan, b M'Elrov, 2; Balfour, b Gell, 0 ; Balfour, st. Gell, b Moms, 4 ; Giles, b Gell, 0 ; Peck, c Bond, b M'Elroy, 6; Sinclair, c Gell, b Morris, 2 ; J. — at. Gell, b Morris, 0 ; Finch, not out, 2; Jack , b Morris, 0; byes, 6; wide, 1—total, 26." THEFT OP FEKCIKG WIRE.—A coil of fencing wire was stolen a few days since from a dray standing at Kinross homestead. The wire wu the property of a selector living at Cookardinia, who had purchased it in Albury. BETHASGA.—A correspondent writes as follows: — There is little to report concerning the progress u of affairs at Bethanga proper, and unless some new discovery takes place tne diggings here will, I think, be altogether eclipsed by the neighbouring gold-field that is in course of being opened up at Cotton Tree, where there is now a population of over 250. The reefs so far open d out at Cotton Tree are almost all very narrow on the surface, and the atone being hard it takes a pretty good per centage of gold to pay working expenses. What would give a handsome profit in a big reef is here merely sufficient to clew cost of raising and crashing. It may be, of course, that the reefs will get richer as they go down, and if they do so, carrying the same amount of gold as they do now, the future of the place u a firstclass reefiog district is assured. AMENITIES OF THE CRICKET FRELD.--The following paragraph is supplied by a correspondent of the Timet:—" Some correspondence has recently been exchanged between the respective secretaries of the Ten-mile Creek Cricket Club and the Tumut Club, the former wishing to arrange for a match for the ' Jones Cup.' But as our cricket season closed on Easter Monday, the Club here could not entertain their would-be opponent's overture, and a very respectful letter from the Tumut hon. sec. conveyed this information to Ten-mile Creek. Oa Saturday last came an abrupt telegram dated at Wagga, and signed H. Manning, on behalf ot the last named club: ' You must play on Wednesday next, or we shall claim the cup.' In the absence of the Tumut secretary, an irate member of the cldb, waxing warm over such cool assurance, telegraphed a reply, a portion of which read : ' We certainly cannot play on Wednesday, eo claim away, and be blessed, only he did not say blessed." FOBAUE CONTRACTS.—The following tenderers have been successful in obtaining the contracts for the supply of forage at the police stations named during the ensuing year:—Corryong, H. Hams; Wodonga, Thomu Reidy. MR. ISSPKCTOK HOOKINB.—Mr. Hookins, Inspector of Schools, arrived in Gnndagai on Monday last. Daring his stay in that district hepurposes inspecting tne schools at Snowball, Gundagai, Wyangle, and Brungle. CORRYONG.—A public meeting wu held recently at Corryong, on the Upper Murray, lor the purpose of considering what steps should be taken to provide for the erection of a building to serve u a public reading-room, &c.; The chair wu filled by Mr. Donaldson. Mr. John Jardine, who had taken an active part in the movement from the first, pointed out in a few well-chosen and forcible words the necessity that existed to >rovide ior a public room of some kind. Action ad, over a year previously, been taken to induce the Government to grant a suitable portion of land for the building, and the efforts to this end had at length been successful, the desired site having been surveyed. It wu necessary, however, that the erection of the proposed building should be proceeded with at once, u otherwise the grant would lapse. The chairman then went on to describe the kind of building which he thought should be erected—a commodious brick structure, containing one large hall and two smaller rooms at the back—and wound up by moving a formal resolution embodying the views set forth. Mr. Harris seconded the motion. He quite approved of Mr. Donaldson's project, even though the erection of so pretentious a building might involve a larger expenditure than could at once be met. Any debt remaining on the building would soon be cleared off in some way or other. Mr. Wheeler wu anxious to see same practical outcome oi the steps taken, but recommended, on economical grounds, the adoption of a less expensive plan than that suggested in the chairman* resolution. After some further discussion a committee of ladies and gentleman wu formed to canvass the district for subscriptions in aid of the building fund. The following were appointed members of committee :— Mrs. Mitchell, Miss Wheeler, and Messrs. Hansen C. Wheeler, W. Wheeler, C. Jeyhcott, Evans' Whitehead, Garecke, Norrie, Finlay, Waters) Donaldson, Stuckey, Briggs, J. Wheeler, and Jardine. The last-named gentleman wu appointed hon. secretary, and it was decide that the next meeting should be held early in June. Another meeting wu held on the Barne day for the purpose ot taking steps to get the township surveyed, and the lota submitted for sale. It was decided to memorialize tho Department on the subject, with a view, if possible, to the subdivision being effected by a surveyor now in the locality. If the petition is complied with it will have a marked effect in promoting the prosperity of the place. The lota will eell very readily, and once they fall Into private hands a great impetus will be given to building enterprise in the village. IMPROVEMENTS IH HYDRABXS,—We notice in the Victorian QateUe an intimation to the effect that Mr. A. M'Oape and Mr. T. S. Marshall, both of Ohlltern,have deposited at the Patents Branch of the RMi»tmr-General> Office specifications lor a patent wr improvements in hydrants. THE LATE FATAL ACCIDENT AT BEAOO-—With reference to the late fatal accldcnt .at BfWjthe following additional particulars are supplied by a local correspondent :-It appeal* that young JTohn Hicks, son of Alexander Hicks, Beedv Flat, was the person who cut the aapling which accidentally, cauwd Ballard's death. Mrs. Htclu had been ailin" for some time previous to the above sad event and on Tuesday, the ethinst, she breathed her last. The Rev. Father Twomev, who happened to 1* at Reedy Flat, wu called to see Mn. Hicks, and it is consoling to the Burvtvors that the rev. gentleman wu in time to administer toe last rites of religion to the deceased. Ten children are rendered motherless by this untimely departure. I understand that the defeased, Mrs. Hicks, was a sister of the Rev. A. T. O'Dwyer, Catholic cleryman at Young. FOOTBALL AT RCTHERGLEN.—We learn from the local paper that a match was played at Rutbeiglen on Saturday lut between a first twenty of the Border club and a like number of the Riitherglen club. J. Levin was chosen captain for the Border team, and T. Reeve, jun.. for the Ratherglen men. The game resulted in three "aols for the Border and one for Rutherglen. The play was good on both sides throughout, and the game was witnessed by a large number of spectators. BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES.—We learn from the local paper that the Bank of New South Wales is just on the point of commencing the erection of a handsome building at Jerilderie. Our contemporary suggests that the occuion should be celebrated with appropriate festivities, remarking—" There are two things which the bank ought to do, and doubtless will do, viz. :— First, give a jolly good turn ont to the whole country side on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone ; and secondly, a superabundant spread spread to all and sundry when the top stone is bi ought home ! These ceremonies would be nothing more than just and graceful acts upon the part of the bank, and we feel assured that we shall see our suggestion carried out with credit to the institution, pleasure to the public, and as an omen of prosperity to all concerned." With reference to this expression of opinion we can only say that if our contemporary is not over-sanguine in his expectations, Jerilderie must be a remarkably jolly place to live in. We should like to live there, and we should endeavor to promote the erection of banks. To CORRESPONDENTS.—" J. E," Sandy Creek. —Our correspondent's letter is uuavoidably excluded, u containing charges that would render this journal as well u the writer open to an action forlibeL It is true that a portion of the accusation has already been published, but in reporting proceedings of a public character—more especially proceedings of an open court—a newspaper is allowed greater license than is accorded when direct charges of corruption are made in a letter or original article. "THE ILLUSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS."— We have received the current number of the Newt. The first page bears an engraving of the late balloon accident in Melbourne. We have then portraits of the late Captain Cole and Mr. Geo. barker, both faithful likenesses of the deceased gentlemen. " The Coach Road to HoUtika" is a characteristic bit of New Zealand cenery. The road depicted by the artist is a lere shelf scooped out of the hillside, and sgtagging on the bank of a precipice in a most picturesque manner, but highly suggestive to a senssti ve mind of great danger. Next come several sketches illustrative of the vintage in Victoria, the various scenes being faithfully depicted, evidently from the life. The best engraving in die number, however, is unquestionably " The Track of the Bushfire," a picture which is remarkable for weird fascination and suggestiveness. The forthcoming intercolonial boat race furnishes the subject for the next picture, in the abape of a sketch of the Victoria eight. The remainder of the views include some New Zealand scenery, and some bite of Melbourne street architecture. The letterpress contains the usual comprehensive digest of the month's news, and the periodical generally is quite up to the average in point of merit, pictorial and literary. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere, and those which are not of sufficient importance ri) ntnillM na^iAH^. as M. M r Mr. Drew, of Howlong, offers £1 reward for lost norse; tenders are invited for painting courthouse, Howlong; tenders ior works are invited by Wodonga Shire Council, and by the Government Superintendent of Roads; Mr. W. J. Jones advertises his furniture shop and sawmills ; Mr. Heath has ploughs and harrows lor sale: Mr. m y how in auction sale at Uroua on Tuesday W next; , U Mr. L. Solomon will eell this day a variety of articles not removed by purchase at the late sale ,„ J. Barringtou'a estate; Mr. 0. h a 8 a team ol working bullocks for sale. beuJnT"' ^ *» V M S between Corowa 5 and Moorwatha, d £2 rewards new goods at Dignam's boot shop; 10th June r t.y 'or paying rat*s in the shire of Yackaurn.it J h Yackaudandah e o o f •da S i lecture . in tho uue; German waggon for J Presbyterian OhWori t£ S?iiSffSSPt llechi;in7ti£ by T l r g h S ' r t K^&vorks; Invited 4th u j • on Wednesday, Jufie ZtlmfT?; *L ? and Anpther will % ud e THE FIREBBIGADEH DEMONSTRATION.—A DE nutation comprising several members of Parliament wafted on the Minister of Bail ways on Tuesday with reference to the lorthcoming fire bricades* demonstration, at Beechworth, on the 23rd and. S4th inst. The Bail way department had beta informed by the committee of the demonstration that 1400 firemen were expected to attend, and the committee had been informed that, owing to'the steepness of the gradients on the Beechworth line, It would be utterly impossible for the department to carry that number of men and their apparatus. The deputation now asked that efforts should be made to convey the full number ot men, but Mr* Woods said he believed, owing to the steepness of the gradients, it would tax all the resources of the department to carry the number of men previously mentioned by the committee—840. He promised, however, to Bee what could be done. All the apparatus must be sent in by the 20th inst, and the firemen could travel by the oidinanr trains up to the 22nd, when a special would be provided for the accommodation of the great bulk of the brigades. THB WAHGUNYAB RAILWAY.—Person having to visit Wahgunyah are at the present time rather inconvenienced by the vehicles which ply to the station being compelled to remain outside the Railway Reserve. The cause of this is a dispute as to the dues to be paid. A few nights since a commercial traveller arrived by the last train at the station. He had to carry his traps outside, assisted by a government official who chanced to be his fellow passenger. In the same train were some other " commercials" who were resolved not to shoulder their samples, and consequently the station master graciously permitted one of the vehicles outside the fence to come in and pick up the commercial gentlemen. This naturally did not please the first commercial traveller who had to do the peripatetic to the rail way gate with more burdens than the followers of Aristotle generally carried. He enquired why he was first told the carriage could not come within the reserve, and then it was admitted, other persons getting a benefit he did not. The station master said that no vehicle could go in by right until arrangements had been made. We think the sooner these asnngementa are made the better. QUESTION IN RESPECT TO THE EDUCATION* ACT. —At the Rutherglen Police Court, on Friday last, before Mr. Foster, P.M., the Mayor and Mr. Morris, J.P., two adjourned eases under the Education Act were disposed of involving points of interest. Margaret Howell, a widow, was brought up for not sending her two sons James and Edward to school. She pleaded she lived over three miles from the Ruthetglen State School Mr. Tilt, the Truant Officer, produced a plan showing the distance from the school to the fence of the defendant's first allotment This distance was 2 milei 73 chains, being 7 chains less than 3 miles. Measuring up however to the house itself, Mrs. Howell lived 18 chains over 3 miles. The question raised was, which measurement was to be adopted I Mr. Foster said he considered the term resilience in the Act exempted the defendant from liability, but he thought it the moral duty of the mother to send her children to school. The case was dismissed. The second case was one against Francis Gill for not sending bis son William Gill to school during the quarter ending the 31st December, 1878. The defence was that daring the period alluded to the boy bad been in New South Wales with a Mr. Buckley, formerly head mastes of the Rutherglen State School, and whose wife at present is head teacher there. At the first hearing of the case on the 4th of April the boy declared he received no instruction from Mr. Buckley. On that occasion the father pleaded that the court had no jurisdiction because die boy had resided in another colony. Mr. Tilt now contended that as the 13th clause of the Act provided that the parent should cause every child to be educated between the ages of 6 and IS, and as the parent tended within the jurisdiction of the court, he was liable tor what was in effect a breach of the Act. The defendant was willfully doing that which prevented him complying with the law. If the boy had received instruction in New South Wales it would be another matter, but he had not. Mr. Foster said he did not agree with the argument; it might just as well be said a man could not send his child to England. Mr. Tilt replied he did not consider the two eases were similar. Mr. Foster remarked that as the legal objection had. been taken he could only dismiss the case, but no doubt morally it was the duty of the father to give the boy an education. FRANK NEVELL AGAIN.—It will be remembered that some time «go the notorious Nevell, a prisoner at the Pentridge Stockade, acsaulted, in a most unprovoked manner, Warder Sheehan, and Lad it not been for the assistance of Carroll, the exmember for Ararat, and the cool courage of Sheehan, the affair might have resulted in a very serious way for all partie*, as ho is more like a wild animal than a human being wheu excited. The assault took place in the panopticon, where all the long-sentenced men are confined, ami, n* there is but a limited guard of warder* in case of emergency, it is evident that Novell had premeditated the whole affair, as lie hud threatened Sheehan some tiiue ago. Nevill has on loriu-r occasion* arnaulted both officers and prisoners and tho puni«hin.'iit he reodv.-d has not hewn considered ad-quai* for offices of th<» kind ; at lea«t, it liai lind no detwut cffnoi in restraining hu Itrmc- like disp tuition, Fm the recent as«anlt on VVur-k-r Sfieelmii, he wu« sentenced to three months' additional iinprlso - ment, the firrtmun'h in Miliary confinement, and at the same time wa«c»itlnned by the magistratethat if brought up on 4 similar charge he would be severely punished. Nmwil Intending all tbU. be stated in the presence of-the chief medical offi cerUiat be would murder Sheehan the tint onpurtunity he bad. A fewdaVsago he sought a pretext to assault Sheehan again iathe Replace ftife P ? " from carrying bin b u t r v e t o ( l S A t l ^ f ' ® of another warder, b who 9 U came M M m up a at the p r time. e s n o e Nevell will be brought before the visiting justice ou hU next visit to the station, and it is thought he will be placed under some restraint similar to that employed in the case of Weechurch and other prisoners whose conduct was likely to cause insubordithe ?i^f°L offi2r ' 8 8 t i e r 8 b e 8 i d e S e n d a n e r i n THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.—It is likely that the order jjiven the contractor of this undertaking to curtail the original plans of the exhibition, and dispense with the proposed ornamental will be rescinded. It is said that a plan of the building, minus the dome and towers, was prepared for Sir Henry Parkea' guidance; and it was thought desirable to abolish the ornamental partition of the dome and central tower, in order to reduce the cost of the building. Parliament will not, it is asserted, Banction the proposal, which, if put into effect, would do dishonor to the colony. PBIBE ESSAY ON TEEES.—The Governor has received a circular from Sir Michael Hicks-Beach relative to a prize for the best essay on trees of the genus " Citrus," offered by the Italian Government, which states that a reward of 3000 lire shall be assigned to the author of the most complete and best monographic essay on the structure, vital functions, and the diseases of the acid fruits, ,or species and varieties of the genus "Citrus" and Kindred genera; provided that the said work, by a sufficient collection of original observations and experiments, should succeed in furnishing an important addition to the present knowledge concerning such subjects, and thereby supply a scientific criterion lor the improvement of the cultivation of these acid fruits and for the cure of their diseases. The date for sending in the works competing is fixed for the end of May, 1881, and must be addressed to the Italian Ministiy of Agriculture, Industry, and Commerce. The competition is open to the colony of Victoria. THE PROJECTED TRAMWAY.—Parliamentary sanction having been given, by Act of Parliament, to the tramway proposed to he constructed by the Government, all that the authorities have now to do is to push forward the work. We leam that all preliminary arrangements have been made, and that the workmen will break ground before the end of the present month. The work will not be done by contract, but will be carried out by Government employes, under the supervision of officers of the Works Department. The route is from the Redfern railway terminus, into Pittstreet, through the Belmore-park (from the southwest to the north-east entrances), into Elisabethstreet, along that street as far as Hunter-street. The cars and motors have been ordered from America, and are expected to be shipped in about a day or two at New York. They will probably arrive about the middle of August The tramway is Expected to be completed about the end ot June. ADDITIONAL MAIL ACCOMMODATION.—The Bwrrangong Chronicle learns that arrangements have been made with Cobb and Co. for the carriage of the mails between Murrumburrah, Young, ana Grenfell seven times per week, each way, chiefly to facilitate the prompt delivery of letters and newspapers from Victoria and Wagga on Mondays as well as on other days of the week. ACTION AGAINST TEE POLICE MAGISTRATE OF YOOHO.—On the 6th inst., in the Supreme Court, Sydney, before Mr. Justice Faucett, the case Johnston v. Robinson was heard and disposed ot. Jury : Messrs. William Jordon, John Foreythe, Robert Guv, and Ambrose Thornley, jun. Mr. Darley, Q.C., and Mr. Rogers, instructed by Mr. A. H. M'CuIIoch, jun., appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. M. H. Stephen, Q.C., and Mr. C. B. Stephen, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, appeared for the defendant. William Johnston sued Samuel Robinson for damages for trespassing upon certain land at Young, and cutting down and breaking certain fences and erections upon the lands, and destroying dams, whereby the water contained therein escaped and was lost to the laintiff, who was thereby unable to carry on Eis business of a gold-miner and sluicer as profitably as be otherwise might have done. .£2000 was claimed. The defendant pleaded not guilty by statute 37 Vic^ No. 13 (the ^ ning Act of 1874); and (2) the land was not the plaintiffs. It appeared that the plaintiff was a landowner at Young, where he bad been a gold miner for the last fifteen years. In 1875 he became the grantee of a piece of land, and upon an adjoining piece he excavated a tank dam at an and in the I," anticipation of the erection - of a - quartz - - cradling machine. Last September the defendant, who was the Police Magistrate and Warden uuder the Mining Act at Young, without giving auy uoticc, accompanied by three policemen and other people, entered upon the plaintiffs land, and, at the orders of the defendant, five or six workmen, with picks and shovels, cut a trench about five feet wide, by three or lour feet deep, through the dam, aud let out the greater part of the water which the plaintiff was about to use for sluicing purposes. The dam wns injured to tho extent of, according to tho plaintill', £30 or £4<>, but according to a surveyor, called on bis behalf, to the extent of something under £20. The only del'cucu was that the wat<-r right of the plaintiff had been abandoned, ami that the defendant, in hi* official capacity as waixleu, ordered the dam to be cut, in pursuance ot an order which he had made us warden, but which, in fact, applied to some otlitr portion <>l lind. It was admitted tliat the defendant had made a rairftak?. but it was contended thai damages to the extent of £20 only had lieen committed, Mr. M. H. Stephen, Q.C., addressed the jury for the defence, «nd admitted that the verdict would haye to be for the plaiutilf, but contended that tho damages should only !>e a sum sufficient to repair the dam. Mr. Darley, Q.C., replied, the trespasses were admittedly unjusiiluble and the damages to the, plaintiff had been serious. His Honor summed up, lor reasonable damages. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff with damages £100. DESPERATE LOVE AFFAIR.—A middle-aged man, turned Oonrad Hanson desciibed as a car- K ^ Ctennan extraction, was brought up at the Water o f Police Court, Sydney, a few days since, on a chaise of attempted suicide, and the tacts revealed in cvidenoe showed that he had determined to destroy himself simply because one on whom his affections were cast had refused to reciprocate bis adorations, and not without cause, she having already a husband in the land of the living. The lady referred to is, in appeaianoe, exceedingly handsome, and being on a visit to Sydney from Newcastle, happened to take up her abode while here at the same place where Hanson was a lodger. As soon as she was seen by Hanson, the latter grew extremely attentive, aud his attentions day after day, increased until they developed to love unbounded. The lady observing Hanson's infatuations, thought there were no other means of ridding herself of his annoyance, but by taking her departure for home much sooner than she had at first intended. Accordingly, she took a passage by the steamer Maitland, to leave the wharf for Newcastle, at 11 o'clock the same night Conrad followed the object of his adoration to the wliarf for the purpose of bidding her farewell. This critical moment having been overcome, the lady boarded the vessel which thereupon moved away, and Hanson thereupon grew desperate. He ran from one side of the wharf to the other in great mental agony, making all manner of declarations and going through a series of dumb-show movements. At last resolving to reach the steamer or perish in the attempt, he took a short run and then plunged into the harbour, intending, no doubt, to strike out manfully for the Bteamer. In this he was foiled ly the heavy swell made by the departing steamer, which carried him under the piles of the wharf. Fortunately senior-constables Martin and Little were on the wharf and managed to haul Hanson out when just in the last stage of drowning. It was first thought that life had departed, there being no signs of re-animation for nearly 20 minutes notwithstanding that every restorative at hand was used for the purpose. However, upon Conrad being rolled on the ground and put through various evolutions consciousness returned; but finding that the lady was not present he expressed a wish that he had been allowed to drown. Hanson's last condition iB worse than the first, he being now lodged in the lockup, and committed to take his trial at the Quarter Sessions. BUSHRANGING IN QUEENSLAND.—On the 19th February two men rode up to the store of Messrs. O Brien and Hunt, at Gilberton, says the Courier. Both are well known as residents of the outside goldfields and Never Never pastures. Their appearance inspires terror in stockowners; their departure is usually accompanied by a train of complaints of missing horses. " Jim the Native" is the sobriquet under which one rejoices, and " Jim" is described by his friends as 8ft. 6in. or 7in. in height, with bow legs, and a Panama hat, as the most noteworthy surroundings. " Jim's" mate, on the other hand, whose identification— though suspected—is not clear, is a fair man, of whom, in the absence of further evidence, it would be unjuBt to say more. Well, Jim and his mate having entered the Btore, which lies at the northern termination of Daintree-street, a township of some 30 Europeans and 200 Chinese, first seized the available arms, two revolvers, and one or more Sniders, and bailed up the six men who were outside. Finding a safe in Mr. Hunt's bedroom, they applied to Mr. Hunt for the key, and on being told they must find it threatened to bhoot Mr. Hunt Not being able to discover it, they tried to force the safe, which contained a considerable quantity of gold, with an axe, but only succeeded in knocking it about in such a manner as to destroy its utility. The thought then struck them that Mr. Hunt might have the key on his person, which proved to be the case, but they had so battered the safe that they broke the key in the lock and were defeated in their only chance of heavy plunder. They then attempted to fire the store, but seem subsequently to nave repented, and put out the flames. During the progress of the drama a neighbor of Mr. Hunt's, named Con. O'Neil, carrying on business as a butcher, entered and was fired at. A revolver was also snapped at another man who tackled one of the stickers up, and he received a tolerably severe quilting with the butt end of the pistol, until convinced of the expediency of non-interference. The property taken ultimately only amounted to £4 iu cash, about an ounce of gold, some firearms, and a few tins of salmou, but the fact remains that it is to accident, not indisposition, the safe was not rifled, and that these men have now passed the line of demarcation between comparatively petty crime and the gallows. Though the population in the township of Gilberton and the district dependent thereon for rations amounts to fully 500, the nearest policeman is stationed at Charleston, 80 miles distant, and it was the 23rd or 24th ulU before a vague rumor of the matter reached Georgetown. On the 24tb ult, Mr. Sub-Inspector M'Kiernan, two constables, and one tracker, Btarted to investigate the matter. Hopes are uaturallv expressed lor this officer's success, but Jim and bis friend have •i long start. There is no fence betweeu Port Darwin, on the west, and the Ilodgkmson, on the wist, and the intermittent rains during this portion of the year will make tracking and rapid puwuit a difficult job. Messrs. O'Brien and Hunt, itave fortunately cscajjed with trifling loss, aud the event may precipitate the formation of a police station. OsraiCH FARMING.—The Mark Lane Express says :—Ostrich lartning continues to receive 1v.n1.1g, a uuuuiiu uuvumsu umy in November, owing to the fall at home ; but during the few succeeding weeks, though prices bave ruled veiy irregularly, they have not suffered to any appreciable extent. Among the large quantity ottered, the superior classes have been well represented, though the proportion of plucklngs from the young birds and the inferior grades of drabs ana blacks bave been very large. Good whites, at also white tails and the better detorip tion of blacks, remain in fairly active demand, and for other classes the competition continues unchanged. Whites vary from £7 10s. for infenor, to £40 for prime whites per lb. At Clifford's Camp, a sale ot birds has been held, and 20 to 30 pairs sold nt from £70 to £200 a pair. Thirteen chickens brought £123 10s. The export of ostrich feathers during the quarter recently ended has been £157,779, as against £90,910 in the corresponding period of 1877. INCREASING THE WHEAT YIELD BY MANUR- ING THE SEED ITSELF.—From Mr. Joseph Fleming, of Adelaide, we (Australasian) have received copies of a circular describing a method of manuring seed wheat, barley, oats, beans, peas, and potatoes, which he desires to recommend. His manure, which is composed of glue, saltpetre and charcoal, "stimulates the absorbent vessels, and is also a direct food, thereby enabling the seeds by the vigor imparted during growth, to fight against its enemies, rust and smut, and greatly increased the yield." Mr. Fleming thus describes his method of proceeding: break up the glue into small pieces and throw it into a tub ; dissolve the saltpetre in hot water ; throw this upon the glue over night. In the morning boil for ten minutes, keeping well stirred, and when cool as new milk it is fit for use. Mode of administering manure : Spread your seed in form of a hoop upon an even and hard floor, then pour the mixture of glue aud saltpetre into the centre, and briskly shovel the wheat and liquid together until the liquid U absorbed. Have your powdered charcoal ready at hand and scatter it over the mass, again shovelling until the grain is well covered by the charcoal. The charcoal protects the seed. Spread out to dry. Mode of treatment after wheat has sprung up : Sow broadcast over each acre sown by this process 1001b. weight of powdered saltpetre, and even with our ordinary rainfall the farmer will reap a crop that will well compensate for the expense incurred. The cost of the ingredients in Adelaide is stated as under: Glue (ofcolonial manufacture) per ton, £65; saltpetre per ton (duty paid), £28 ; charcoal (Adelaide manufacture) per ton, £3. Mr. Fleming remarks that farmers should import saltpetre, which, as a manure, should be admitted duty free; it is now charged a duty of £l a ton. He asks farmers to toy one acre, carefully reap and weigh the crop, and fornard result to him. A number of " results in the old country also appear in the circular. ALFRED TENNYSON.—A writer in Truth, in an article op Mr. Tennyson, savs:—"The curious may be interested to learn that the Laureate is something of a bon vwmt, as indeed a bard should be. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that he (like Macaulay) is an excellent caterer for others, though now comparatively indifferent to these things himself. The reader who shsll taste the Laureate's wine shall be fortunate indeed. I am not referring to the official " sack " so much as to some marvellous Amontillado, the price of which I am really afraid to state to an unbelieving generation. Probably no such princely gift was ever made, since Lord Nelson received in (1800) a dram bottles of the vintage of 1625. In literature Mr. Tennyson's tastes are far more correct than those of many famous poets. He sincerely loves the great masters, Shakspeare, Milton, Scott. Among Greek poets, one gathers that Homer is his favorite; among Roman, Lucretius. For his m on the latter in " Macmillan " he received, elieve, a guinea a line, or some 300 guineas in all—not a bit too much. Albeit Dry den was paid but £250 tor 10,000 lines." CURE FOR PHYLLOXERA.—The Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser learns that Mr. Joseph Miller has tcceived a letter from Mr. J. Brunet, of Bordeaux, on the subject of certain experiments made by die writer with the preparation for the cure of diseased vines, of which the firstnamed gentleman is the inventor. Mr. Brunet, writing in very fair English, says :—" An unknown Victorian gentleman, at the Paris Exhibition, posted me a phial of the Australian specific for my phylloxera-diseased vines. I diluted the chemical fabrication in a fluid state with filteicd water. I injected it with a glass syringe into the cells of the vine at the surface line and at or near the head once a week, and I sprinkled the leaves, picking off the gall-affected leaves of the trees, and burned them until nothing but clean ones remained. It quickly operates, aud the specific makes the vines give oil sufficient evaporation to die (kill) off the phylloxera. I am quite convinced it will be all we need for the malady internally applied. I rinsed it with clay and cowdung boiled together, adding the specific when cold. This I painted on the stem 9in., half above and half below the crown, with a brush. It proved effective. My congratulations to you, and so I may repeat for the people of France. MR. BERRY AND THE LONDON PRESS.—The conductors of first-class London daily journals arolikely to be well iuformed whether Mr. Berry's mission was to be regarded a success or the contrary. Before he had started on bis return journey he was told by the Times "thathe would do better to try and settle his little difficulties in a constitutional manner in the colony, than endeavor to earwig Ministers iu London. But the socalled Liberal journals iu Victoria Rsserted that the Timet had been earwigged by the editor of the Argus, who is on a visit to 'England. The next phase of the affair is several shades darker. Loudon correspondents said that Professor Pearson had been posting the Daily News with the ideas of the ambassadors. Soon alter Mr. Berry bad received the final despatch from Downingstreet, the Daily Ntwi published a summary of it, probably the one that was telegraphed to Australia. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, in bis place in Parliament, said that this version was an incorrect one. Our latest news is that the Advertiser oondemns the proceedings ot the Berry Cabinet In resolute terms, and the PaU Mall Qtuette rounlly blames Mr. Berry and all his works. The Examiner, a weekly journal of Liberal proolivities, thinks Mr. Berry very unreasonable. 