DESTRUCT1VE BUSH.FIRES. (From tbe Belfast Gazttle, 28th March ) The bush-fires which have been raging in this district for several dtys have occasioned • great loss of property. On Tuesday and Wednesday they spread from Mr M'Kellar'a ran. and inflicted great loss « f and fencing on adj -icing proper lies. Messrs K. Atkinson, C'ruikshanb, Colin Edwards, W. Dalgl-ieh. and others were Foff^rfre as well as Ur M'Kellar. It appears that the recent showery and cool weather t?mpte3 pome of the settlers to clear a portion of their rnns by bnrninf?, and tbe wind rieiig rather suddenly, coupled with an Upward rate of tera; erature, c&n;^ed the firesto get beyond the hands on the stutions. Snrpicion alsa is entertained that sDme twagsEpen lit other places after the ranswere set fireto. 7 hie most have been the cage, ioaEmnch at: three distinct firescams down on M r tdwards' pro* perty at Bootahpool and destroyed nearly all his fencing a\d abont 100 acres of good feed. At ene time tt.e fires threatened his house and orchard, bot tlieywero eared by a stone wall cherkiogtheprogress of the fire. Mr Dalgleifh was unfortunately ab»ontfrombomeat Belfast on business, and did not know of the do^trutii^n of Lis prepertj tfll proceeding homo on Wodnesdiy. when be met the Portland mailman, who informed him that all bot the house bad been destroyed by the Fpreadicg of the fire. It is estimated that, with cross and boundary fences, the total length of fencing destroyed i* abont sixty miles. The Portland telegraph hne was much injured, there being no less than titty posts destroyed, and commas ic&tion; was interrupted on Tsesday •light ana Wednesday moroiog. Destructive-fires also raged on Tuesday between Warrnambool and Camperdawu, and through commutiicalion was interrupted all Tuesday night; in fact no messages ooold be got from or to Melbourne. Mr Dalgleisb, juoior, states that on Mcnday he discovered fires being lighted about half a znile apart for a distance of fonr mflee just outside hi5 own selection at Tyrendarra. He tben mounted his hors*. and afterwards the animal fell with him, and it was with great difficulty he saved it from being burned in the tremendous firewhich was raging in the locality. A fire then entered Ur Dalgleish's selection from the north-east, and swept everything before it except a small patch of potatoes. Another fire then came in from the west and 6 wept Mr T. M 1 A Hen's selection leaving only the house, and which was caved with great diffloolty. This firethen tore on, and crossed does to Mr Dalgleish's father's house, where there was no one at home bnt Mrs and Miss Oalgleish. but they heroically worked at pulling down the fenoes so as to stop the firefrom consuming the dwelling. Had it not been for tbe opportune arrival of Mr John Gain and others the bouse would have fallen a prey to the flames Altogether the DaJglei hes have lost five miles of fencing and €00 acres of grass. Mr M'AI'en lost all his fences, and Mr Carroll, another selector, suffered a similar loss. The whole country is sow burned, from Mr Dalgleish's sslectioD to Mr Brownlaw's. It appears that this is the fourth tame tbe country in that quarter has been set fire to this season. News of another fire has reached ns as having occurred in the vicinity of Mount Clay, which came down by Mr Melbourne's and Mr Em\th's properties, and did mnob damage. Mr Smith had everything swept away bat his honss, and that caught fire twios. He has lost all his farmiogand garJeniug implements, harness, and other grar. Thinking to save his Stock ol fl w. be transported H to a place of safety as he thought, but the fireswept down and destroyed it. Vr Melbourne has also lost everything bnt his dwelling. The fire afterwards crossed the road and did considerable damage to Messrs Jerret and Leviueetoce's properties Messrs W. Hanlon and M-Leod distinguished themselves by their bravery, and through them Mr Smith's house was 6aved. F 