Victoria. The Ballarat correspondent of the Australasian reports, there have been two or three items of mining development during the last week which deserve a passing notice, by reason of the fresh development of mining within the district, but on the other hand the Kingston mines, which were the favoured few a month or two ago, have ceased to receive the ordinary amount of attention. The stoppage of the diamond drill at the Loughlin Company's claim has caused a serious delay in prospecting there, and has had the effect of causing the impression to get abroad, after the failure also of the drills at Sandhurst and Castl unaine, that if they are to be at all useful they must be under different management. The mistake at Kingston was in going through 20 feet of clay between the two rocks without tubing, by which the water washed a large vacant space, causing the drill to work unsteadily, and tearing away the diamonds. It will, therefore, take about a fort night in all to tube the bore and get to work again. The rich run of wash struck in the old Band of Hope claim is important, 59 oz. having been taken from one machine on Saturday. It is believed, however, that the dirt was from a portion of the Redan Lead left unworked many years ago. The richness of the Ballarat East quartz mines — although several of the more fortunate tribute parlies are very silent on the matter of yields— is evident from the fact that the Victoria United Tribute Company have just purchased the Presbyterian manse and ground adjoining their claim for the sum of £1450, their only object being to get the gold that is known to exist in the in dicator and eastern lines of reef under the building. These reefs are of extraordinary richness, and I am credibly informed that the tributers have divided £100 per man during the last six weeks. The new Koh-i-Noor Com pany have also better prospects just now, a large body of water struck yesterday denoting the vicinity of a make of stone. From the outside districts the reports are very unsatisfactory, owing to the long-continued drought, and t lie cry of ' water, water ' is heard on every hand. The pudding-machines on alluvial ground have entirely sus pended, and will be idle until a sufficient supply to fill the dams has fallen, which will probably be abouttwo months hence. Within the hist few days mining plants in various parts of the district have had naiTOw escapes from destruc tion by the bush-fires in their several localities. At Smythesdale the Exchequer Company, at Egerton the Black Horse and Egerton, at Gordons the Paiker's Com pany's plant have all been seriously threatened, and it was only owing to the exertions of the miners in each instance that the property was saved. The news from the Clunes miners is satisfactory, the yields from the Port Phillip and New North Clunes miners showing a slight increase, Speaking of the conduct of Mr. Finlay, the son-in- law of Sir Hercules Robinson, with regard to some mining operations on his Glenormiston property, the Leader says : — ' Whilst inquiring into the progress of selection in the Bethanga Ranges, a few days ago, Mr. Longniore 'found that much dissatisfaction existed amongst those who are engaged in the development of the capper mines ia that district. It appears the discovery has been made that the copper found on the ranges — the deposits of which are said to be very rich — contains considerable quantities of gold. It is expected that mining for g-old will bo carried on to a large extent as soon as the result of some tests, which are being made b- th in the colony and in Englan ', is known. Already a number of gold miners leases have beea t iken out, and several of the claims of the copper miners have been jumped by those who are in search of the precious' metal. Mr. Finlay, of Glenonniston, caused some consternation amongst the miners by resorting to legal steps for the purpose of pre venting the further pursuit of the industry in the neigh bourhood of his property. It appears that the waste water from the mines is run into a stream which flows through Mr. Finlay's land, and from which his cattle drink. The consequences are said to be very serious to the cattle, which are injured by the arsenical elements arising from tb.3 copper. Mr. Finlay has recently taken proceedings to .-/. obtain an injunction to stop all further mining operations, and the miners, not having money to spare for purposes of litigation, have closed their mines and are withdrawing their plant.' T^k 