TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. fAuSTE IT/IAN PfiEBS AGEHCT.J SYDNEY, SATCRDAT. The Government intend to construct three additional jetties on Circular quay. An inquiry has been -held in regard to the shoot* ing of the outlawed aboriginal named Tommy M'Phereon, and a verdict has been returned of justifiable homicide. The coroner at the same time commended the constables, whose names are Wainwright and Goodben, on their conduct. The outlaw had long kept the district in terror by threatening tbe lives of the settlers. The Treasurer has issued amended Customs regulations in order to facilitate tbe importation of goods. The weather to-day has been intensely hot, bushfires being very prevalent. The appointment of Lord Leftus as Governor appears to give general satisfaction to the colony. The grand master of the Freemasons* brotherhood of New South Wales has received a communication from the Freemasons* Hall, London, stating that Bis Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales, the grand master of England, declines to allow a small number of brethren to form an independent grand lodge of New South Wale*. Fears are entertained for the safety of thd steamer Wotonga, which was expected to arrive from Noumea several days ago. It is not known, however, whether she started from New Caledonia at the advertised time. Possibly she is detained from some unknown cause. BRISBANE, SATURDAY. The immigrant ship Carnatic has arrived, with a good number of passengers, at Bockhampton. The Hon. P. Pring has promised to give a cup for next year's meeting of the Fortitude Valley Racing Club. The creditors in the estate of Messrs L. Benjain and Co. of Tnowoomba, have agreed to accept the offer made by Benjamin and Co.—namely, 20s in the £1, in six equal instalments, at two, four, six, eight, ten, and twelve months. ADELAIDE, SATCBDAT. A telegram has been received from Mr Ernest Favena, of Daly Waters, stating that tbey went east from North Newcastle forty-five miles, having followed Mr Boss 1 track up nearly that distance. They saw a lagoon about thirty miles up, but as* certained it not to be permanent. At the north and south .of tbe farthest point they reached the Mulga scrub. Professor Tait arrived at Euda on the 7th instant. He proposes following along the coast to the Bight, and then pushing on as far as possible. 