TUJTIUT. [from our correspondent.] Friday last was ono of tho hottest days wo havo oxporionced this seasou. Iu ono of the shadiest of verandahs, whore luxuriant creepers intercept tho fierco rays of the sun, tho thor mometer registered 107*. On Saturday a very welcome change came ; a delioiouely cool breozo prevailed all day— evidently somo neighborhood not far distant had beon refreshed with a plenti ful fall of rain. On Sunday last the weather was pleasantly warm; during the afternoon heavy-looking rain-clouds spread themselves over tho sky, and at intervals a few drops fell. On Thursday last as a laden wool-dray be longing to Mr. Gardiner of Toomoorooma, was being driven across the Tumut Bridge, ono of the bullocks attached thereto dropped dead from tho effect of the excessive heat. On Friday evening the hills around Tumu^ woro* partially obscured with the dense smoke omitted from some distant- bush-fire. Mr. H. J. Sharp's paddock, adjoining Mr. Vyner's resi dence, bus repeatedly taken fire of late. The fire, strange to say, usually breaks out at ono particular spot, and also at a particular time, viz., when the family at the Hill are at break fast. There is a mystery about these conflagra tions which many would liko to fathom. Mr. J. Carr, who looks after the paddook, has, I believe, dono his host to discover the seoret, but as yet without huccosr. On Thursday evening a committee meeting was held at tho reading-room of tho Mechanics' Institute. Mr. M. Marks occupied tho chair. After somo preliminary business, a sub-commit** tco consisting of Messrs. Emnnuol and Corcoran and tho Rev. G. Spenccr was formed to decider as to tho best modo of procuring books for tho institution, and also to prepare an inventory of suitablo books, tho result to bo submitted at tho next full meeting. Another sub-committee, - consisting of Messrs. E. G. Brown and P. M JBlakeney, was appointed to procure additional furniture for tho institute. Several hearty votes of thanks wero accorded to tho various porsons who assisted at tho demonstration on Anniver sary Day, viz., tho ladies and gentlemen who took part in tho entertainment, tho committee of tho sports, and last (but not least) tho mem bers of tho Tumut town band. Mr. E. G. Brown, as president of tho Tumut Cricket Club, has recoived a lettor from Sir G. L. Innes, requesting tho co-operation of tho friends of crickot in this neighborhood for the purpose of presenting somo suitable memorial to tho Australian eleven who so nobly distinguished themsolves during thoir late English' tour. Our main thoroughfare might with somo pro priety havo been called Whirlwind-street. Since tho notable occasion whon tbo galvanized iron roof of tho Commercial storo was ripped off at ono puff, this locality hus boon tho favored sceno of these singular phenomena ; it ma}* bo because there is more material to work up in this street than in any other, for singular enough, while several by-streets have beon macadamised, our principal thoroughfare remains in its natural condition ; consequently at this timo o' year it is ankle-deep in dust. On Sunday afternoon a huge column of this whito powder rose up in front of tho Royal Hotel, envoloping ono ond of tho building, and spending its fury upon Messrs. Mandelson's storo. Really it is high time this street was formod and metalled. On Wednesday last Mr. E. G. Brown held a salo of tho furniture and effects of Dr. Tassell, who has left tho district. On Friday afternoon a fire broko out in the bar of Mr. Osmond's Star Hotel. It originated in a swag that somo traveller had dopositcd boncath tho counter ,* but whether tho combus tiblo material contained in tho bundlo was nitro glycerine or wax vestas, this deponent knowetli not ; possibly it was the latter ignited by mice (for tho swag hhd lain thero somo time) which caused the disaster. Tho fire was promptly ex tinguished. Tho following selections were mado at tho Tumut Land- offico on Thursday last : — C. D. Bardwoll, 40a, Courabyra W. Fallon, 100a, Hindmarsh J. H. Brown, 40a, Goldspink. 