The time has come ronnd when it may be pretty safely predicted that the new Victorian loan will he Barely and profitably floated in the London market. The false summaries which found their way to England from Melbourne and other places, and the devices which were set in motion in London itself by the same parly, had a disturbing effect on the loan for the time bang, and certainly indicated anything bat a snccessfnl issne. It was only natural that the good people of England should be alarmed when told that a revolutionary Ministiy was in office, and had adopted communism for its policy, and that this alarm should cause the floating of the new loan to become something more than donbtfal. English people do not osnally part with their money, as a loan, to a country where revolutionary doctrines are supposed to prevail, especially when Baid to be preached by the Government in office. In all such cases they turn the cold shoulder to applications of this sort; and no reasonable person can blame them for each wise and prndent conduct. It is no wonder, then, tbat for some time the new Victorian loan huDg £re; that the Government almost despaired of raising what * so much required here, not only square the advances which have been made by our banks to pull the graziers of New South Wales through their difficulties, bat also to continue t£e useful work of railway extension, and that everything pointed to a certain failure. The falsehoods sent home about the conduct of the Ministiy and the condition of the colony, were bound to have this effect; and therefore nothing else than a refusal of English capitalists to have anything to do with die new loan was to be reasonably expected. Butitisagreat comfort to know that there is Buch a complete torn in the tide taken place as not only to justify the most hopeful forecasts as to the liitnre of the new loan, bnt also to show that not an atom of reliance is now placed in England upon theConservative summaries which emanate from this colony, and which are a standing disgrace to every man who had any hand or part in their production. The dread, in fact, which those lying con- coctions reasonably enough gave rise to in England, has altogether ceased, -and the utmost confidence in the good behavior, and future material prosperity of Victoria, is now the prevailing •feeling in the London market. This is-ehown so conclusively by recent events that a few figpres have only to be given to make the fact clear to eveiy understanding. About the commencement of the present year .Victorian 4 per cents, stood at £91, and Victorian 5 per cents, at' £103. Bat one-month sufficed to make;* i ^eat change .in the value of these stocks. i to the lrtbf February the -i per cents, iad " risen from £91 to £94, and the'S peroents.; from £103 to-€109. Now, there is only one deduction to be made from this really itaamendons improvement. It showB, in thefert place, that op to the beginiring.of tbe jear .Cbe.jieaple M ^ome .be- lieved that all that was stated about the villainy of the Bebby Government was perfectly true, and therefore they tried to get their money out of Victorian stock. And, in the second place, it proves that a few weeks afterwards English capitalists clearly saw that the tales which were being sent to England by the Conservative press here, abont the conduct of the Bebbt Government, had not an atom of truth in them, and as a logical sequence quite a rush set in for Victorian investments. Other circumstances of coarse helped to bring about this change for the better. But the main cause of the remarkable rise there has been in Victorian i and 5 per cents, lies in the fact that the fears of the past year have disappeared in the new, and that confidence, in the good government and material advancement of Victoria, is now the prevailing sentiment of the British nation. This be'mg the case then all doubt as to the fate of the loan is removed. The confidence which has been restored in the old stock will find its way also to the new. There will certainly be a great rush set in for the fresh stock; and therefore the whole of the new Victorian loan of £5,000,000, which is so badly wanted here, is bound to be speedily and successfully floated. But the certainty of this forecast being realised does not reBt on this basis alone. It has indeed far more extensive ramifications. There is no getting over the fact that Englishmen are becoming very ehy of English investments. The state of trade at home affrights capital. But still greater terror has been inspired by the breaking down of several joint stock ban^s. All these adverse circumstances in the old coanby have caused people with means at their command to look farther afield for an opening to invest their money; and they would certainly not be wise in their day and generation if they did not display this very sensible foresight. Naturally enough these colonies have the preference. Here their money is known to be perfectly safe; and here the payment of the interest is certain. Here there is not the least danger of anything like repudiation. Here their money will be just as safe indeed as though it still remained in their own pockets. The knowledge of this fact, coupled with the uncertainty of things at home, will cause English capitalists to look to these colonies as a sound spot for the investment of their money, and as the most profitable market tbat could be found for the purpose. All doubt, therefore, of the floating of the new Victorian loan mnst pass away now. The vaBt improvement that has taken place in our 4 and 5 per cents, since the beginning of the year, is conclusive evidence to tins end; and the condition of the old country clinches the statement, The future of this colony looks, therefore, very cheering just now. The expenditure of those £5,000,000 here will do a vast amount of good for us all. It will fill up the gap which the rotten land system of New South Wales has caused in our capital. It will improve trade by the impetus that will be given to public "works; it will open ap new fields of commerce by the railway extensions that will take place to agricultural and other new districts; and it will be the factor to produce an abundance of employment for the working classes. Altogether, then, the outlook in Victoria is of the brightest kind just now; for there can no longer be any doubt that die new loan will rapidly go off, and that excellent effects to all sorts and conditions of people here will be the result of its distribution. This loan was unquestionably a wise act on the part of Mr Bebbt and his colleagues, and the thanks of the community are certainly due to them for its adoption. Ween woollen mills were first started in this colony all the free-trade journals declared they would be failures. It was, they said, utterly impossible that the new industry could compete with the products of the old land, either in price, durability, or finish. The effort to acclimatise woollen manufactories out here was sure therefore to break down, and nothing bnt ruined shareholders would be the result of the whole venture. We had the temerity to describe all this language as buncombe We contended, with all other protectionist journals, that the effort wonld succeed, although some time would no doubt be necessary for the purpose. And we built up our faith on several veiy substantial reasons, foremost amongst which were, that there was a moderate protective tariff here, which wonld operate in favor of the local manufacturer; that the raw material existed under our very noses, and therefore could be purchased at the cheapest rate; that there would necessarily spring ap a large demand for the goods produced, owing to the numerical extent and patriotic spirit of onr population, and that the capital and energy necessary to pull such a new enterprise through existed here in abundance. Still, neither ourselves, nor all the other protectionist papers of the colony with ub, could bring the free-trade papers to their senses on tids subject. To them it still continued perfectly clear that the woollen industry could not be acclimatised in Victoria, and that the most desperate attempts we might make for the purpose would only end in a miserable fiasco. We had neither the machinery nor the skill nor the labor to make woollen manufactures a success, even with a 10 per cent, tariff; and therefore it was only an absurdity for as to launch into any such undertaking. This was the persistent language of the freetrade press; and the more this and other industrial papers argued in favor of woollen mills, the more the treetrade papers persisted in their opposition. Such was the state of affairs which prevailed when the idea of establishing woollen mills in Victoria was first mooted.; and no one, we assume, will have the temerity to deny the truth of this statement. Now, some ten years have passed away ranee that controveisy took place, and what do we find to be the result of experience over this question ? What has the decade produced to show whether the protectionist or the free-trade journals were the most accurate in their forecasts ? The reply is clear, and very conclusive also. The evidence goes entirely with the protectionist press in this case. The protectionist papers are found to have been quite right in their expectations, and the free- trade papers to be just aa wrong in their predictions. There are now eight' woollen mills in thiB colony, and so far as we can learn they are all .getting rapidly into a prosperous condition. We can at all events answer for two of them, since their financial position has been lately laid before the public in a manner there is no misunderstanding. The Ballarat mill, which had BO long a doubtful existence, is now .coming to the front with profits that closely ap-. proach to £4000 a year; and this is la very handsome return to make _on only £20,000 of capital invested. It js about 20 per cent, lor the year; and any manufactory-that yields -20 per cent, ptir annum on'its paid-up capital, cannot be set down ab otber ttukn fe very $rofitab£e iireeetxnBbt. Tfae <*her Drill, frboae tffoira lisve IfitelytieeD'made pohJic, 1b the one at^Go&H;^g, iralpb was tlw fiat to itycoodasiooB with tfaef^tr^fn^^Ih this case the profits are more than dboUe thoee of the Ballarat mSI, because there is more tlum doable the capita! invested; for daring the last half-year the yielded a profit of £4914 8s 6d, after making allowance for all contingencies. Grouping then, these two mills together, we find that a paid-up capital of about £70,000 yields a profit of about £13,500 a-year; and if this does not show tbat the woollen manufacture has been made a success in Victoria, then we should very much like to know what would prove anything of this nature. But this is not all. The capital is not only put to excellent use, but very nearly 1000 persons are employed by the eight woollen mills in the colony. Capital and labor, therefore, both largely benefit by the woollen manufactures of Victoria; and hence the all-round success which has attended the efforts of those persons who started this new industry under so many difficulties, and who have done so much since to establish it on a sound and permanent basis. There can be no more doubt that all the woollen mills in Victoria are proving splendid successes, than the presence of the sun can be questioned. The protectionist papers, therefore, ten years ago, were thoroughly sound in all they contended for in this direction; and the freetrade papers were just as wrong in their predictions of failure. The circumstance is worth being noted here, because it not only shows what blind guideB the free-trade papers are, but also the good results which spring from protection. The woollen manufacture, indeed, of this colony has become a great fact; and everbody here benefits by its existence. His Excellency the Governor passed through Ballarat yesterday afternoon, by special train, on his way to Melbourne from Horsham. The heat yesterday was almost as great as that on the preceding day, and registered 101 deg. in shade. The bush-fires cob tinned in several parts of the district, causing serious losses to farmers and selectors, by the destruction of crops and fences. The fire mentioned by us in yesterday's issue oe raging between BaZlao and Gordon has been most disastrous, for we learn tbat near Bradsbaw's Creek several families have been literally ruined. Mr Hobson has had bis house, crop, and two carts burnt; Mr Harrington, all his crop and fences; Mr Millaine, house and crops. Mrs Hetherton, a widow, had everything consumed by the flames,while Mr M'Kinoon, who has a family of ten children, had his house burnt to the ground. Tbe State school at Bradsbaw's Creek, narrowly escaped, the flames having entered the front door, but, by the strenuous exertions of Mr Martin, the head teacher, assisted by a few neighbors, the building was saved from destruction. A correspondent at Ballan writes to as as follows :—"You appear to have do idea of the extent of firesthis way. Thousands of pounds' worth of property have been destroyed, and wbilel write tbe lire is closing in in every direction upon the town. It has cleared nearly everything before it from Gordon down, miles of fencing and thousands of acres of grass and crop having been burnt. Over a dozen farm- houses have been burnt, and numbers of poor people are ruined. Nothing has been done here for three days but fight the fires, and the supply of water is wretched. The firesare fast dosing in on the Ballanee and Ingliston estates, and although everybody is doing his utmost, nothing can prevent the fires making t clean sweep of the district. Every hour messengers are galloping into Ballan asking for mQQ or water, but little can be done." Mias Emily Osborne, daughter of Mr John Osborne, of the Cornwall and Devon hotel, Stnrt street, died on Wednesday evening, after a short illness of one week. She was twenty- four years ot age, and bad been connected with Lydiard Street Wesleyan Snnday School for a number of years. The deceasedWBB mnch respected for her kind and genial demeanor, and left behind ber a testimony that she was quite resigned for the great change. In the Buit of the Hand and Band Company, no liability, against the National Bank, for £1250, the arguments on the demurrer which were set down for argument last December, will be beard before Mr JnBtice Molesworth on Monday next, at eleren o'clock. This will be the first proceeding in the new suit which has come before Judge Moles worth. A letter has been received by the town clerk from the Postmaster-General, declining, on several grounds, to accede to the request of the Town Council to establish a telegraph office in Ballarat East We understand tbat the erection of the railway, gate and level crossing at Princes street will be proceeded with in a few days. A fire sprang up on the east side of Haddon on Wednesday, near the dwellings of Messrs Bolster Eddy, Vesey, and Corry ; bnt fortunately they were on the windward side, and escaped. It appears two swagmen lighted a Are in a rotten stump on Sunday last, which continued burning until Wednesday, when a stiff breeze carried some sparks out on to the grass, which at once ignited. The fire then quickly spread over a large area of ground. The locality is thickly intersected with old roads, and by setting fire to the grass along the edge of some of these, three or four men were enabled to keep the deronring element within comparatively small limits. The council's £10 worth of boughs had a narrow escape, as tbe fire got within 40 yards of them. The cases brought by Mr Drummond against Mr Henry Acton, secretary of the shire of Bnngaree, for refusingto allow him to inspectthesiiire rate-book, were yesterday dismissed by Mr Thomson, P.M., and Mr Hogan, J.P., who heard the cases a week ago, and gave their decision yesterday afternoon. A highly- excited individual went into the Mechanics' Hall last evening just as the aboriginal choristers were about to leave it. He struck an attitude that showed a stern, unrelenting determination to have what he wanted. He looked many daggers at the very brunette young ladies of tbe company, and demanded that they would produce his spouse. He reiterated bis demand, but tbe young damsels left the scene to seek shelter under the protecting wing of the missionary The Bishop of Ballarat incidentally crossed the forlorn and excited one's path, and was promptly desired to produce the better half of the enquirer The rev. gentleman protested that he knew nonght of the lost one, but the "anxious enquirer" waved hiB stick, and gesticulating violently, vowed to have her in spite of all the clergy in the land. But alas! for human grandeur, a" strong man approached, and insinuating one hand uoder tbe collar of the intruder, caused him to peregrinate to tbe front door with more of celerity than grace in his gait. He sought hiB wife elsewhere then We don't know yet whether he found her. Colonel Beds is reported to be ill, and, in consequence, a parade of the Geelong artillery which was to be have been held on Wednesday last was postponed till the 19th instant. Mr Casellif J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday, ard discharged George Bull, who had been arrested on a charge of insulting behavior. At the Town Police Court, Mr Thomson. P.M., presided, and committed Ah Ton to take his trial at the May Assizes, on a charce of perjury at the Town Court, a few days ago, in connection with a sly-grog prosecution against a Chinese storekeeper. The Soman Catholic demonstration, held at tbe Bnngaree Junction yesterday, in aid of the fund ™ a n d establishing schools in connection with the Boman Catholic diocese, was a very succeasful affair. There were about 3000 penons present, and the sports, carried out under the superintendence of the clergy of the diocese, Mr D. Bropby, M.L.A., and a number of other gentlemen, proved interesting and exciting, and a very merry day waa spent in spite of the demurrer put m by the very hot tun. The day's proceedings WUI result in a considerable sum being placed to the credit of the fund, but the exact amount, aa aDtheretunia are not-yet in, cannot accurately be _ J »™*3 F o w ler1 ex- manager of the Loadon Chartered Bank, Talbot,"was placed before the xawpt bench yaterdajySb&iged; with embeztling certaui moneys, and aentsnced to twelve months* imprisonment in the Maryborough goal. HIA, a short time ago presented petition irom a number or holders of miner's gbts-at Happy Valley, to the hon. the Minister of Mines, asking for a polling place for Mining Board elections at that place. The hon. Majof Smjh has sent a replythrough Mr Davies, stating mat the prayer of the petition was granted. This has caused general satisfaction amongst the miners who hitherto were put "to considerable inconvenience by having several miles to walk to record their votes. - The aboriginal children from take Condah yestertay were taken by their: missionary to the Lake and Hardens, and after visiting these places, they •IK^t thev remainder of d *y«' Bishopscourc. To-day they return to the «tation. . . _^ie7orHghUjrmerting oT the^BallaritTirtni AMoa«Uon was held at Craig's hotel on Wednesday evening, at which a fair attendance. Qoe .new jnember was elected, and • one .candidate nominated -far : membership- It was-resolved that the night of meetins should be altered "to .Thursday, He next to te held «n 20th instant. Tie question, 'Is further extension of railways in Victoria at the present time politic?" was debated, and after members had spoken, a vote was taken, which resulted in a large majority for the affirmative side. The following subject was 'decided upon for next meeting:—" What Victorian member of Parliament, doring tile past ten years, has rendered the greatest benefit to the colony ?" Shortly after five p.m. on Thursday, an alarm of fire was given at Smythesdale, and a weatherboard cottage near the old brewery, owned and occupied by Mr C. T. Tut, was found to be in flames. The local fire brigade, with the engine and hose was quickly on the spot, and the engine threw a good supply of water on the burning house from Tait's dam, but the flames had obtained too great a mastery, and the buildiDg, which was old, and consequently burnt like tinder, was soon entirely consumra. Owing to the rapidity with which the flames spread, scarcely anything could be saved, the only things rescued bring a few articles of clothing. Mrs and Miss Tait were both in the front part of the house at the time, and tbe fire is supposed to have been caused by the kitchen chimney catching fire and burning through to the Bkillion roof. The premises are, we understand, not insured, and much sympathy is felt for Mr Tait (who is away from home.) and his family. An exhibition of Pryor's safety-cage will take place at the Corner to-day, at eleven o'clock, and will be of interest to the mining community. The cage has been made to the order of our old friend Mr Philip Davies, now manager of the South Lead Company, Forbes, New South Wales, who has been impressed with its utility, and intendB to adopt it at the mine which he represents. Mr Davies' visit to Ballarat is for the purpose of procuring machinery for his company. The town clerk has received a post-office order for £8, being tbe proceeds of a benefit given by St. Leon's circus, in favor of the Ballarat charities. A laborer named John Cowan was arrested and lodged in the Western lock-up yesterday afternoon, on a charge of having stolen a pair of boots. The police require an owner for the boDtB. The following nominations were made yesterday for the vacant seats in the Mining Board [or the Ballarat, Smythes, and Buninyqng divisions respectively :—Ballarat—Messrs F. C. Baker, and T. Kennedy. Smythes—Messrs Thomas Gribble, T. W. Scott, D. Heywood, J. H. Webb, R. Stephens, R. Rogers, A. M'Doacll, M. M'Inerney, J. P. Roberts. Buninyong—Messrs J. Magor, and W. Graham. Tbe election takes place on Saturday, the 22nd instant. A bowling match between three rinks of a Ballarat dub and three of Learmonth took place on the ground (not green) of the latter, on Thursday, which terminatea in favor of the Ballarat cloh by 18 shots. Prior to tbe commencement of the game Host M'Kenzie, of the Stag hotel, provided an excellent lnncheon for the players. Tbe play was very enjoyable throughout, although the green (?) waa somewhat bumptious. The following waa the result of the play:—No. I rink, Ballarat—Eyres, Valentine, Kormand, Sim (driver), 21. Learmonth —Stewart, Pool, Henry, Baird (driver), 24. No. 2 rink.—Ballarat—Preshaw, Bennett, Logan, Finlaysou (driver), 28. Learmonth—Spiers, Ellis, Rain, M'Cubbin (driver), 28. No. 3 rink.—Ballarat—M'Intyre, Jack, Golds worthy, Bain (driver), 40\. Learmonth—Binnie, Murphy, Richmond, Vallance (driver), 19. Totals—Ballarat, 89; Learmonth, 71; majority for Ballarat, 18 shots. The quarterly meeting of the Haddon Lodge, No. 120, LO.G.T., was held in the TemplarB' Hall, Haddon, on Tuesday evening last; when L.D., E: Yesey, assisted by Br Neville as G.W.M., and Br Brown as G.W.S., installed the officers for the ensuing quarter as follows:—W.C.T., Br Joseph Spencer; W.V.T., Br John Spenoer; W.S.. Br Fraser; W.A.S, Sr Ewart; W.F.S., Br Lightfoot ; W.T., Br C. Brown; W.C., Br Hendy; W.M., Br Saunders; W.D.M., Sr Lightfoot; W.LG., Br W. Snell; W.B.ES, Sr Spencer. After the close of the meeting the members sat down to the usnal tea, kindly provided by Sr Spencer and Sr Vesey. At the meeting of the Sebastopol Council held last night, Councillor Alroe, when a motion on notice came forward affecting his position as member of tbe financecommittee, said that having considered the matter, he would withdraw from the committee. The affair arose oat of Councillor Alroe instituting legal proceedings against the council for the recovery of £500 odd on debentures. Ballarat isevidently determined to come to tbefore at the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition to be held at Sandhurst. We were shown yesterday two very handBome stands of wool flowers,with glass shades, each about 2 feet high, and containing 110 and 112 flowers respectively. The flowerswere very artistically arranged, and will have a good chance for the prize in this class. They are the work of two of the pupils of Mrs Crompton, of Soldiers' Hill. Moonlight lake excursions have lately been instituted at Wendouree by Messrs Gill and Sutton, and are of course most popular. The city and town drum and fife band accompany the steamers round the lake. The passengers are limited to sixty on each boat, and the trips are highly enjoyable. Last evening there was a foil complement of excursionists. Mrs D'Arcy Bead takes a benefit at the Academy of Music this evening, which will be the last of the company in Ballarat. There will be a full dramatic performance, consisting of tbe elegant comedietta " The Loan of a Lover," and a scene from the " Hunchback," the principal characters in which will be sustained by Mr and Mrs D'Arcy Bead, supported by tl]°ir entire company. A musical interlude will intervene, consisting of singing and dancing. Mr and Mrs Read originally appeared at the Drury Lane Theatre, London, with great success. The performance is to be under the patronage of the mayor of Ballarat West and Major Sleep. A full honse may be anticipated. The anniversary services of the school connected with tbe town mission are advertised to come off next Sabbath. The afternoon service of song is likely to prove an interesting feature, judgisg from the past performances of the school. There will also be a public tea in the hall ou Monday evening, imd a school picnic on Thursday next. We have received from the Ballarat agent two copies of a monthly diary issued by the Norwich Uoion Fire Insurance Society. A railway timetable, post office guide, £c.f are included in the production. A concert will be given this evening at the Mount Pleasant Sunday school, at which several well-known lady and gentlemen vocalists will assist. We remind shareholder* in the Ballarat Banking Company tbat the half-yearly meeting will be held this afternoon at the banking-house, Lydiard street. A complimentary benefit to Mr Bachelder, who suffered such a serious loss a few weeks ago at Deniliquin, will take place this evening, when, in addition to his usual pantascopean show, Chalet (the ventriloquist) and the twin trapezists will perform. Two silver watches are also to be given away for the best conundrums by ladies and gen- ^-amen. We are requested to call attention to the sale this day, by Mr C. C. Shoppee, of the late Mr Hanson's elegant and superior household furniture and effectB. Carryalls will leave the auctioneer's offices up till noon, although the sale commences half-an-bonr earlier. A concert and ball, for the benefit of Augustine Smith, will be given at Fussell's hotel, Napoleons, this evening. Members of the Ballarat Club are remindedby advertisement that the half-yearly general meeting will be held this afternoon, in the club- rooms. The Bishop of Melbourne, Dr Moorhouse, will preach in St. Paul's Church, at both services, & Sunday next. The collection will be in aid of Si Paul's Church funds. A dismounted parade of the Prince of Wales light Horse will be held at the Alfred Hall this evening, at seven o'clock. The Rev. M. Bird will preach at the Methodist Free Churches at Gordon, Egerton, and Yendon next Sunday, A meeting of the trustees of the Bungaree racecourse will be held at Hager's hotel, Doveton •tieet, next Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock. The stewards of the Bungaree Turf Club will meet at the same place an hour afterwards. The Education Board of Enquiry—consisting of Messrs E. J. Doton (chairman), J. Mirams, G.B. Kncham, and H. R. Williams, MXA-have sent in (says tbe Age their last report to the Minister of Instruction. It deals with the case of Mr R. KUpatrick, a former school teacher at Geelong and Miner?rest, who claimed upwards ot £6000 for compensation, alleged to b£ dhe on account of arrears of salary while in charge of the GeeloDg Orphanage school at Geelong; and further, for malicious prosecution, wrongful diamissaL sustained at the hands of tbe late Board of Education while he was in charge of another school at Miners rest. The case was considerably mixed, most of the incidents on which the claim was based having happened eight or ten years ago, the papers and documentary evidence weighing close upon' half a hundredweight. Tbe board spent many weeks over the investigation, and finally arrived at the conclusion that Mr KUpatrick suffered some so It of injustice by a wrong interpretation of the finding recorded by- an inspector who was entrusted to deal with the case when the facts were fresh. The board have simply lecom. month's salary for each year of service, and a report to that effect is now in the hands ot the -Minister. Thp members of the Jioard have also been thanked for the zeal and patience which they manifested in conducting the investigation to a dose. As showing the amount of work performed by some members of tbe Assembly, in addition to their strictly Parliamentary duties, it may be men- tioned that Mr Dixon, the chairman, attended no less than forty-two sittingB of the board, sometimes occupying the whole day, for which he received neither fee nor reward of any kind. Mr Mirams also attended thirty-two sittings. The Rev. Thomas Jones, the popular minister of the Collins Street Independent Church, has (says the Argus) sent in bis resignation, with the intention of returning to England, but it is hoped that he may yet be prevailed upon to remain in Melbourne. Further desirable changes (says the Ac,e) with reference to the transmission of late telegrams have been decided upon by the Postmsster-GeneraL It has been resolved tbat private messages may be dispatched at the recently reduced rates between the hours of eight p.m. and midnight. The press telegrams, at the same rate as heretofore, will be transmitted between the hours of half-past seven o'clock and midnight. This will enable the upcountry press to report late sittings of Parliament. The office for the transmission of telegrams to important stations will be .open from midnight to eight o'clock a.m., but after midnight what is known as the treble rate will be charged. A private of the Garrison Corps, named Samuel Esplaur, thirty years of age, belonging to the contingent uow stationed at Euroa, was admitted (says tbe Argus) to the Melbourne Hospital on Wednesday, Buffering from an ugly scalp wound, said to have been inflicted at Euroa, where he was fighting with another man. There is a rumor that the wound was inflicted with a bayonet. The reception(writes the P. C. News) accorded at Stawcll on Tuesday night to the Governor is one of those testing points, as regards public opioion, that Bhould not be foolishly disregarded by those who call themselves the Conservatives of the colony. In spite of all the efforts of the jtrgtis correspondent, and of lesser collateral lights, we. should imagine tbat few who sair the assemblage in tbe town hall failed to realise the honest enthusiasm that it represented. There was no mistake about the genuine character of the gathering. It was composed of men of every shade of politics in connection with the British Empire, and there seemed in the course of the proceedings to be no halting between two opinions. No impartial witness could realise otber than the fact tbat the compliment paid to Sir George Bowen was a right hearty one, and that in Bpite of unworthy innuendoes he leaves the colony of Victoria having a strong hold upon the hearts of the people over whom he has presided for so many years. Referring to the West Bonrke election, the Age writes:—" The writ for the West Bourke election was isBued on Wednesday. The nomination of candidates is to take place on the 11 ih instant, and the polling on the 18th instant. Mr J. T. T. Smith has not yet given bis final reply to tbe electors who requestedhim to offer himself. Mr Wrixon has "been spoken of as a candidate on tbe Liberal Bide, as it is understood he holds very pronounced views as to legislative finality, and the obstructive policy hitherto pursued by the second chamber. A deputation from the Bacchus Marsh and Flemington Reform Leagues on Wednesday waited on Mr Higinbotham, and asked him to become a candidate in the Liberal interest, and on his declining, they afterwards waited on Mr W. M. K. Vale, and made the same request t« him. Mr Vale, although he did not positively decline, did not, however, accept the offer. Mr G. Stokes, of Romsey, and Mr J. O'Grady, of Upper Macedon, are among tbe number of aspirants to the seat. On the side of tbe Opposition, it would seem that a choice has to be made between Messrs Staughton and Harper, as the claims oi the dummy candidates appear to be quite ignored. Mr R. Harper addressed his first meeting ou Wednesday night, at Gisborne. He spoke for fully an hour and a half, during which time he expressed an opinion in favor of the Norwegian scheme. He confessed that he had free-trade inclinations, but pledged himself not to endeavor to alter the protective policy; and be condemned the secular nature of the Education Act. He received a good hearing, and a vote of confidence in him was accorded unanimously, but at least one- half of the meeting did not vote. The Geelong Advertiser learns that the wattle planted in forty acres of land within the railway reserve on the Colac line are growing vigorously and thriving, and that it is the intention of the department of Agriculture to plant more extensively during the comiog winter season. The report tbat Mr Higinbotham has been waited upon by a deputation from the bar to solicit him to re-consider his determination as to refusing the vacant judgeship, is (says the Ar^us) incorrect. The bar has not appointed any gentleman or gentlemen to represent its wishes to Mr Higinbotham. Mr Higinbotham is quite aware of the desire that exists in the profession that he should accept a seat on the bench, but be has allowed it to be known that it would be distasteful to him to have any interview on the subject. Under ordinary circumstances, Mr Higinbotham, it is understood, would see his way to accept the appointment ; but private reasons, which he could not explain to a deputation, induce him to adhere to his refusal. With reference to the illness of Dr Crooke, the medical men (says the Telegraph) attending him assert tbat there is no reason whatever for alleging that he had taken poison. A very careful examination made by Dr Brownless has satisfied them that the cause of tbe doctor's severe attack was an epileptic fit, and Dr Crooke. who is now convalescent, states tbat there is not an atom of truth in the statement of him taking poison, and he cannot imagine on what ground the assertion could be based. He states that he is not tired of life, and is satisfied that when his explanation is heard at the inquest, he will be exonerated from all blame in reference to the death of Mrs Collins. The Government (says the Age) are considering the alterations in the Local Government Act which are to be effected by the Amending Bill to be introduced into Parliament next session. The provisions of the bill will shortly be drawn and put into shape. A leading feature of the measure will be the new mode of distributing tbe annual endowments to shires and boroughs. All future endowments will depend, not upon the amount of rating as heretofore, but upon the amount expended in the construction and maintenance of roads. The Public Works department has discovered that a great deal of the money granted by Parliament is not Bpent on the maintenance of roads, but applied to works of less urgency. This is apparent from the condition which the roads around Melbourne are in at present. After having made a careful inspection of the principal suburban roads, Mr Patterson declares that their condition is a disgrace to the local bodies who are responsible for their maintenance. The Victorian Humane Society (says the Geelong Advertiser) had an excellent opportunity on Wednesday of coming forward to the rescue of abont 700 persons, of both sexes, who were huddled together in twelve railway carriages from Ballarat. The excursionists from the goldfields city to Geelong were packed almost as close as herrings in a cask, and the scenes in some of the carriages on the way to this town are described as having been of a very exciting character. The weather was frightfully close, and the atmosphere inftbe crowded carriages almost stifling. Women and children fainted on the road to Geelong, and their arrival in the town was a happy release for tnem. In order to prevent a recurrence of the incidents, which made the trip to the sesboard particularly unpleasant to several parties, Mr Cadwallader, the local station-master, took pity on the etcursionists, and snppUed two extra carriages to the special train. There mnst be some bad management somewhere when three carriages are provided for fourteen persons goiog to Horsham, and only twelve for 700 coming to Geelong. The following telegram appears in tbe Laur,cestui Examiner of 1st February :—" Hobart Town 31at January.—At the Police Court tQ- day, Messrs Davies Brothers, proprietors of the Ifercto-u, were charged upon an information laid by C. D C Quodliog with having published in the ilenuni an advertisement of a certain lottery called the * Ballarat Gallery of Paintings,' contrary to the provisions of the Suppression of Lotteries Act. Mr Alfred Dobson appeared on behalf of the Crown and Mr GUI for the defendants. Mr Dobson stated that he was not instructed -to press for a heavy penalty, as the Government only wished to affirm the principle, - and have a decision whether newspapers could go on publishing fw i drert i 8em^nUl or. not. Ho contendedthat the advertisement was in contravention of the acL Mr Gill said the defendants desired to have the decision of the bench as to whether the provisions of the act bad been enforced, and they had done everything in their power to assist the complainant by admitting the publication. He pointed out that this art-union was announced as being held by the permission of the Attomey- ™ £ • L0d w " Perfectly legal there. The bench held it to bo their duty to ranvict the defendants, but would only inflict a nominal fine They sentenced each defendant to pay Ss fineand the office costs Asimilar information against Mr J. E. Cunningham, manager of the Tribune, for ha™g published j0 that paper an advertisement ot gifts in connection with Gainer's Diorama, waa adjourned till Friday next," ' A brute. On Friday night (says the Gcelm, Advertiser) a woman named Johanna M'Farland observing her husband in a hotel, quietly told him to pronde bread for his children. Mra M'Eirland'r without waiting to discuss matters, S L ^ f j f 6 stomach, the injury necessitating her immediate removalto the hospital. o ^ i 6 " ™ Tt ?*l >e Btrald) has preached a sensational sermon at WellingtonTa Sew Zealand paper say,, charging thetaXwi'tS leading their officer.^to embezriette fuadJbi •ng wholly insufficient salaries, and expecting Jhra to keep up a good^ position. He al™ uT b^Tt opponents of the drapers' early-closing movement! and exhorted the public to take compel tradesmen to do justice to employ, „ asserted the question was quite in the hands'nf 5 e customers of the drapers. The banks here .rathe habit of making their clerks work maov hn 11 after closing, and the archdeacon exhorted tk* public to do away with this crying injustice ff said that young men when overworked took tn stimulants to revive their drooping energies anfl afterwards became habitual drunkards. ' 