INGLE IVOOD. (FROM ODR OWX CORUESrOXDEMT.) Wednesday, 12th November. At the police court yesterday, beforo Messrs. Saundora aud Tatchel), Js.P., Olseu v. Smith, £1 10s. work and labor done, verdict for 15s. without costs. The court than adjourned. Wo are once more to have a brass band on Iuglewood; some twenty-five young men have entered their names as willing to join uuder the leadership of tho indefatigable ProfesBor Marroyctt. Let us hope they will stick to gether bettor than the last lot did. We have had some very nico rains lately here. It commenced about midnight on Mon day, aud rained steadily till near daylight. It blew a strong north-wost breeze yesterday, and to-day, accompanied by smart showers, which will be of great benefit to the crops. I have just seen two3raall Bheaves, one of oats, tho other of wheat, grown by Mr. Klein at hia farm on Hope Creek; the oats measure over 6 feet in length with well formed heads aud of good size; the wheat is about 5 feet long aud tho heads about 6 or 7 inches in length, and as he has considerably over 100 acres of it under crop, tho yield from it should bo something handsome. Mr. Wall's crop, close by, is also looking splendid; in fact, it is worth walking the 8 or 9 miles to cee them. All along that road the crop3 are generally looking well, and grass' is abundant, but woe to tho farmers if a bush-fire takes place during the summer, as it would spread liko a train of gunpowder. The Little Gem, Jersey Reef, engine, com monly known as the donkey engine, met with a mishap the other day, when some of tho brackets ou which the machinery is fixed got broke, necessitating the sending to Sandhurst to get fresh ones made. I believe it will bo iu proper working order again to-day. Tho last crushing did not turn out so well as the previous ones, but I am informed they are on better stone again. Thursday, 13th November. The ordinary 'fortnightly meeting of the Borough Council was held in the Council Cham bers last evening. Tlmre- were present—Crs. Morrow (mayor) in tin; choir, Klein, Stockton, Guust, Roff, Tivey, Tatulicll, and Ridge. Cor respondence was read :—From the Secretary to the Iuglewood Hospital, reminding councillors that the £20 donation voted some time ago to be paid when th# funds were available, had not been paid yet. The letter was received, and the money directed to be paid. From Alfred Day, Sandhurst, enclosing, circular. Received. From Treasurer, Melbourne, rc moneys to bo paid into tho consolidated revenue. Received, no money had been received from tho sources named. From City of Ballarat, stating-that the Council had urged tho Minister for Railways to alter the time table between Inglewood and that city without effect, and that they (the City of Bal larat) would give this Council all the assistance iu their power to have the railway inado from Dnnolly to this placo at onco; received. From A. Biugor, resigning his offico as caretaker of tho lira brigade property; the resignation was accepted. From Municipal Association of Vic toria re subscription. Tho town clerk stated that tho letter had boon received since this council passed £2 2s.; received. No report from public works. The finance com mittee recommended payment of accounts, amounting^ to £100 10s. Id., which would bring the overdraft up to £3-14 18s. 3d.; received and adopted., Cr'., Stockton', for the health com mittee, stated everything to bo clean and in good order; received. Cr. Stockton, for fire brigade committee, reported that Garland had1 finished the repairs to the building according to plans and specifications, and recommended that the care of the engines and all the other para- phernalia belonging to the fire brigade be left in charge of the captain. He (Cr. Stockton) also read a roport which purported to explain a re port proiriouBly before the Council, but referred back to them for explanation; the so-called ex planation was simply a severo censure tin the tinancc committee for not passing the account, accusing that committee of inconsistency; after sonic discussion a motion was carried to pro ceed to the next business. The Mayor brought beforo tho Council the desirability of having a postal pillar placed at the railway station; he said that the mails closed at the postoffico at 4.15 o'clock, and he did not Beo why they should not have the benefit of an extra half-hour for their correspondence, and would be of great advantage to tho public generally. Cr. EolT would suggest that a recoiving-box be placed in the guard's van, when letters could be posted to tho last minute, and the box to be taken to tho Sandhurst PostolHce and opened there. Cr. Tivey moved that the town clerk be instructed to write to the Postmaster-General on tho Bubject. Cr. Tatchell seconded it, and gave tho Mayor great credit for the excellent sugges tion; carried unanimously. The Mayor brought under tho proper committee's notice that one of the tree-guards at the north-ond of the town had beon smashed to pieces by some dray or waggon. Tho mooting thon adjourned till Tuesday next at noon, when the anuual meet ing will bo hold. A Court of Potty Sessions was held to-day beforn Mr, Akehurst, P.M; Mr. Sonter applied for transfer of liaence from Mrs. Thomas, Bridge Hotel, Kingowcr, to himself. Mr. Lainont appeared to support the application, which was granted. Mr. M. Toghill, of the Royal Hotel, 3ridgewater, applied for a billiard table licence. Mr. Lamonc appeared for the applicant, which was also granted. In the Warden's Court, boforc Mr. Wardon Akehurst, Mr. Peter applied for a gold miuiug leaso on the Morning Star and Poverty lines of reef. Tho application was recommcuded. The weather is beautiful to-day, with a inild breeze blowing from the south. 