FRIGHTFUL LOSS OF LIFE BY BUSS-FIRES. (Prom the Colac Herald.) On Thursday morning the snn rose with & lurid plare, prognosticating a roasting hot day. At eleven o'clock a sultry hot wind was blowing from the west, and Colac became gradually enveloped in denEe smoke, which indicated that bush-fires were raging in close proximity to the town. At three p.m. a messenger came to Oolac, and stated that the country near Johnstos'-e saw-mill was all ablaze, and that the fire was making rapid strides towards Colac. of more astounding and alarming news was in store for us. At eight o'clock the startling information was brought to Colic that several bondings belonging to Sir Whitehall Standley had been totally destroyed, and that Mr Standlev, a family of the name of Tumbnll—consisting of tTnsband, wi f ef and five children— had been bnrned, and that one of the children had been killed by a burning limb falling from a tree Mr Etandley, who was severely burned, was conveyed to Colac, where his injuries were attended to by D Foster. Hr Gtandley's acconnt of the catastrophe was that the fire camB suddenly upon his land, surprising himself and the Turnbulls; that he took one of the children in his arms, with another clinging to him, and made his way to a dsm, where he advised Turnbull, wife, and family also to go. As he was nearing the dam he had to proceed through burning grass with trees blazing on all sides, and when the water was neared a burning limb fell from a tree and killed one of the children on the spot, the falling branch smashing the 6kull of the child. At this time the children were supposed to be out of danger, but as there was no further information to hand concerning the fate of the unfortunate family, the greatest anxiety existed as to their welfare. At half-past nine p.m. word was brought in to Dr Foster that Turnbull was being conveyed to Colao (but it was not known what WBS the extent of hfs injuries), that two of the children were lying dead in the forest, and that Mrs Turnbull and the oldest boy could not be found. Uany of the residents of Oolac had by this time left for the soene of the fire, to endeavor, if possible, to Hud out the fate of the unfortunate mother and son. At the time of our going to press the latest particulars to hand were that Turnbull was lying in an insensible state at Mr Doyle's residence, but Dr Foster held out hopes of his reoovery. Twe of the children bad also been conveyed to Ool&c;, both severely burned. One little girl eight years of age was left at Mr Dowling's residence, but her injuries are not such as are likely to prove fataL The other, a fine little boy four years of age, was brought to IJoyle's, where the father was left, but there are no hopes whatever of hfs (the child's} recovery. Two of the children were dead in the forest One, a fine lad of twelve years, lying near the dam, and the other, an infant, at Mr Oroagh's residence. The limb that killed the boy also inflicted a deep scalp wound on the father while.tftaniling in the dam. The unfortunate man was in*semi-conscious state, and presented a frightful appearance, looking like a charred mass at first sight. At a late hour there was no acconnt of Mrs Turnbull and the other child, and the gravest fears are entertained as to their safety. They were never eeea after the occurrence at the dam, and it is supposed that they must have eriehed in the fire. A" period of three houra and a Ealf elapsed from the time of the first alarm until the other persons left the dsm, and as the whole of the surroimdfug country was a burning mass of flames, the escape of the mother and child would be next to an impossibility. Particulars are not to hand as to the extent of the devastation, but we are in a position to state that several struggling selectors have been completely burned out. It is the Intention cf some of the residents to arrange about forming a volcnteer-party to go out and nee strenuous exertions to bring the fire into subjection. 