Thebe is one item io the Conservative programme that we have never been able to get to tbe bottom of; and.we have no donbt that much the same difficulty has often presented itself to onr readers. This item is that it is exceedingly dangerous to vest sovereign power in tbe majority, because in that case, as one of the Melbourne papers pntB it in its yesterday's issue, power is sore "to become an instrument of tyranny and oppression." The reason why we have never been able to fathom this thesis is that we have sever yet been able to, determine what a majority of this kind means; and none of tbe writers, who goBh so grandiloquently over this topic, has yet done anything to solve the problem for onr or others' edification. Of coarse, tbe first impression that springs op in the mind, when reading about this risk, is that there is a large class in the Victorian community that ib really dangerous to its existence. That is to say, that the balk of the population has so little respect for the laws of meum et tuian, that no man with a pound in his pocket wonld be safe from attack to get that pound oat of him, if about six-eighths of the population were not kept in the firmest possible subjection by the remainder. This is the belief, no donbt, of those who see a reign of ''tyranny and oppression" inaugurated whenever a popular Ministry is in power; and it woold probably be very hard to shake their conviction. Bat can anything be shown to justify this belief ? We really think not; and this is why we never could understand where that dangerous majority exists in this colony about which the Conservatives are so fond of writing and talking. It cannot be tbe liberals who are referred Jo in this connection, because numbers of them are well off, and, therefore, they are the last persons from whom anything like pocket- picking, burglary, or any other offence to enrich themselves at other people's expense, could be logically expected. Neither can it be the Conservatives who are thus mysteriously referred to, in these dire forecasts of the fature state of Victoria, because the leaders of that party wonld hardly associate any of their followers with such criminal proceedings. Somewhere or other, however, these dreadful human- locusts must be amongst us; and the question is, where are they to be discovered ? We say they must be here otherwise such excellent people as the Con' eervativee would hardly claim an existence for them. If, then, the Liberals as well as tbe Conservatives are free from any imputation of this kind, why do not those Cassan- DBAS, who are everlastingly talking about the villainy of majority rule, tell us where this dangerous class prevails, so that society could guard against the terrible infliction with which it is threatened in the future before it is too late for the purpose i They certainly ought to make a clean breast of where this terrible class finds a habitation and a home; and we do not eee how the justice of this request can be called in question. Bot jesting apart; what can be more miserably ridiculous than the nonsense which the people of this colony have so often read and listen to on this subject? What can bemorecontemptible than thenotian that rule by the majority means, in this colony "tyranny and oppression?" There is not a more orderly or generous class in existence than the Liberals of this colony, who, of course, constitute the class to which the Conservatives refer when they clamour againBt majority rule, on tbe ground that it would be most disastrous to tbe country. Their morals are of the right kind; their thirst for intelligence is unquenchable, as evinced by the strong support which tbey give to tbe spread of education; their industry in every branch of life is most marked, and the efforts which tbey make to improve the condition of their fellow men, as shown by the progress of the friendly societies' system, and other movements amongst AS, are indefatigable and never-ending. Of course there are exceptions. There are liberals who are by no means good members of society, just tbe same as there are rascals amongst theCoeservatives; these exceptions being pretty fairly distributed between the two parties. Bot, take them aa a "whole, there is no mors moral, respectable, enterprising, energetic, and generous class amongst us thaa the Liberals; and there ia do. possibility of truthfully denying -this statement. What greater rubbish, then, can be uttered, than that if we tatd majority rale here—audi role^being, of coarse, tbe product of the Liberals^-^ tyranny" and "oppression" would ensue? 'Why, "the Idea 1s absurd on tbe very face of it, because it is the very antithesis of »h4t could possibly arise, from such a-condition of affairs being established. There would be " tyranny" and l; oppression" amongst us If the Conservatives had the reins of power in their own keeping; sod tbe'pfst speaks so clearly on this Jusad. that there is no dis- Jjoting this conclusion. But there is no au^gw of fiww" of ~thia 'kind." accruing from liberal |govttnment ; and, therefore, the cou^n? nit y : is "-perfectly safe from anythmg.:rik?*;".tyraw>J "^and "oppression" by jnajorH* f°'e being adopted.• One of the two political parties into which this community is divided mastgoyen). There is do iotennediate course ia a case of this kind. Eiiher the Liberals or tbe Conservatives mast be in office, as the time for coalitioo Ministries has passed away, and it is quite idle to look for its return. Which of the two parties, then, is it the safest to entrust this power with ? There can be only one reasonable answer given to this question ; and that answer mast be favorable to onr Bide of the discassion. As a matter of fact, the dread of majority role which the Conservatives evince is a mere bogie of their imagination—a thing which has no existence beyond the idealistic. It is high time, therefore, we heard the last of this myth, because a moie ridiculous idea could not be concocted. . The rascality of some people in this world is not a little astounding, and proof of this nd fact will be found published in another column. After Mr L'ESTRANGE, the aeronaut, had so miraculously escaped death, wheo falling with bis balloon in the Government domain last Monday, two members of the card-sharping fraternity made a collection amongst the crowd of bystanders, and obtained a considerable sum of money to reward their exertions. Tbe alleged cause for which this mosey was raised was to compensate Mr L'ESTBANGE' for the sufferings he had endured, and the damage which his pocket had sustained by his misadventure. The real cause, however, of this appeal was purely personal. Tbe two men who took round tbe hat pocketed all the moBey tbey obtained. Consequently not a single farthing of the money went to the man for whose pecuniary benefit the amount was ostensibly collected. It would be hard, indeed, to equal this proceeding for villainy. It is something that IB quite facile princeps in this line, or about as rascally an act as could well be committed. A parallel case of this kind once occurred in London; and the story has so much of the hamorooB, as well as tbe infamous, about it, that it is well worth repeating. A charity sermon was preached in one of tbe churches, and aa the subject was of a special character there was a very large congregation. Indeed tbe church was crowded. Amongst others, who went to tbe vestry after the service was over, to obtain a plate to gather in the offerings of tbe benevolent, was a most gentlemanlike man, whose dress was equal to biB demeanor. The plate was readily given to him, and be at once posted himself outside one of tbe doors of the bailding. When all the congregation had passed out, he emptied tbe contents of tbe plate into' his pocket, and returned the plate to the verger with many thanks for the loan of tbe platter. Tbe verger, however, was much surprised at finding no money in it, and asked the man what he had done with bis part of the collection. He replied, pat in his pocket, of course. Tbe verger asked him to give the cash to him. Bat the man declined, and gave this as a reason for his refusal. He had borrowed the plate to make a collection on his own account, aB he stood much in need of money, and, therefore, he intended to keep tbe cash for bis own personal requirements and advantage, A constable was seiit for, and the man given into custody for theft. But when tbe case came before the msgis' tratfi, the man proved that he stood off the church property on the street, and did not tell the verger what he wanted the plate for when be applied for it, and, therefore, nothing could be done to him for the wrong of which be bad been guilty, transpired thst tbe man netted over £16 by this trick, and obtained no little notoriety, ia addition. We do not know whether the two rascals who defrauded the plucky aeronaut last Monday in the Government domain, are descendants of this man, but tbey surely are deserving of a family connection of this nature. Certain it is, however, a more impudent fraud than last Monday's could hardly occur, nor one that deserves more condign punishment when the culprits are detected. Communication was restored on the Fort Darwin line at 10.30 a-m. yesterday. Hie English maO steamer arrived at Albany, Western Anstraliajat 9.40 ajs. yesterday. A very singular occurrence happened yesterday, which will result io Mr Bobt. Howie, the well* knovn bone - trainer «t Minersrest, sofferiog serious loss, through injury to two of the «mTrn»lfl belonging to his stable. Yesterday morning one of hie jockeys, & young felio* named Walter Martin, who is said to be of weak intellect, saddled the blood filly Constellation without any instructions to do 60} and commenced to gallop it over the common sear the stables at & terrific pace. Uartsn is a first-rate horseman, and no one could get near him to learn the reason of his eccentric conduct, so Mr Ho vie got ous another valuable animal, and gave chose to the ddinqueot. A very exciting race ensued, and the pursued made lor Ballaxst, .where he was at last overhauled in tbe vicinity of tbe Market tquare. The pace, however, had been too severe, and both borsea were dreadfully distressed, that ridden by Mr Howie being ao injured by its exertions that it ruptured a bloodvessel. Tbe jockey when canght was given in custody to ConstableCorrigan.on a charge of beinga lunatic. He is about twenty-ene years of age, an! a native of Tasmania, in which colony it is said that when a member of a bant dab be received certain injuries to his head which cause fits of temporary insanity. When asked the reason of his strange behavior, be said that a lot of people with carts beckoned to him, and he got on tbe horse to go after theaL When he saw his master following him be thought he was going to kill him, and therefore rode all he koew to escape him. Oo •being asked where he intended to go, he said to Tasmania, bat be could oot tell by what means he expected to arrive at his projected destination. Martin, it would seem, was thought to be of weak intellect, and though his conduct on many occasions caused consideration cf the advisability of removing him to an asylum, nothing of moment arose out of bis strange freaks until the one of yesterday. Martin will be subjected to the examination of two medical men, and to-morrow will be dealt with at the City Police Court on a charge of lunacy. A meeting of the central committee of the National Reform League was held last evening, at the office of Mr J. H. Jenkins, Vale's Corner. There was a very large attendance, and the chair *ras occupied hy Mr B. T. Vale, the vice- preiidem. The committee appointed to open tbe Western branch reported its anccss>f j| institution, fiftythree members having been enrolled at tbe first meeting, and it was thought the number wonld be increased to 100 at next meeting. The report was received and adopted, and a unanimous Tote of ttaaks -passed to the organising committee. It tben resolved, that it is advisable to open a-branch near Sldpton street, that to be called tbe Southern brand), and tbe following gentlemen were appointed to make tbe nocessary arraaeetnents:— Messrs Jones, W. Evans, J. Miller, J. W. Graham, P. Honnani), and U'DonneU. A large amonnt of general business was then transacted, and it was agreed thslt at the next meeting steps should be taken to open a branch In BaUarat East, to be called tbe Eastern branch. Messrs Macaw and Hickman, J.P„ presided at the -City Police Court yesterday, and bound over Sim on Barker, who was charged with assaulting his wife on the 8th fast., to keep the peace in his own surety of £100. Susan Trecado was remanded on bail until Friday, on the three charges of insulting behavior, using obscene language, and damaging a coat, the propertv of Detective Eason. Messrs Scott and .Curtis. presided at tbe i Tqwn.court, and cemanded Bnrdne until Thursday on a charge of attempting to stab Thomas Bnrdne. , A meeting cf the Allerding' fund committee was held at- the fire brigade rooms last night, when Mlhfadory .reports were banded in from the collectors, and - the gentlemen present expressed a poofllent hope that, a ^sufficient sum -would be raised to enable Hit Allerding to rater Into * busiBea which "would prove aaupport for hemlf pnd family. * " ; There was not a large muster of the B.V.B. last night; but about sixty'tank -and file were put through the usoal drill by Major Sleep. - The drill pas chiefly noticeable last irightbecause of thsjappearance ofTthe sew brass band of the corps, which has been very recently formed, and, though some of the members have not had their instruments more than a fortnight, they performed very welL The only question that now arises is, wbo is to be bandmaster; and if a judidons selection is made in this particular, the brass band of tbe B.V.R. will again become a very useful section of tbe musical community. We are requested to state that there is no truth whatever in a statement made by a BaUarat paper yesterday, that a train could only be safely piloted into the Melbourne station the other day by the guard standing on the footplate of the engine, so as to instruct the engine-driver how to proceed. Nearly all tbe rest of the paragraph which contained the above statement was a similar fabrication. . J. Cutter, of Sc&radale;, at his recent examination, succeeded in qualifying himself as a teacher of music under the Education department. This gentleman who, as an amateur musician, has devoted bis talent^ towards tttding tbe charitable and other objects in the Smytbeedale district for a considerable cumber of years past, his made iv friends who will be glad to hear of his success.' Messrs Bardwell and Beauchamp, of Sturt street, have just executed a photograph of the model engine aad tender made by some of the apprentices of the Phoenix Foundry, Bsllarat, now running at the Industrial Exhibition. Sandhurst. Above the engine are medallion portrait s of the makers, viz., Messrs F. H. Davis, J. C. Brown, L. A. Ballhausen, H. R. Wsrland, S. J. Morgan. Copie* of the photograph can be obtained at the studio, Sturt street. We eee that the Bcndigo 17,dependent presents a ost respectable appearance in the new type in which it has been printed since last Friday. We should have noticed the improvement before, but, until last night, not a copy of this paper came to hand since tbis change for the better was effected. The committee of the BaUarat Football Club has already begun to make preparations for the forthcoming campaign. The ground is being levelled, and most likely a ladies' reserve will be laid down with tan, and portioned off from tbe rest of the ground, for the convenience of tbe fair admirers of the athletic game of football. A concert wss held at the State schoolroom. Illabarook, on the 15th instant, for tbe benefit of an old couplein distressed circumstances. Mr W. Crockett occupied tbe chair. Messrs Poynton and Stewart played the accompaniments for the singing. also for the dancing. Messrs R. Tonng and C. Poynton deserve special notice. The entertainment was of the usual kind, consisting of songs, duets, &c.; The bouse was well filled, and judging from tbe tickets sold the proceeds will be considerable. We learn on good authority that the bookmakers have beer) severely hit over the victor)* of Savanaka in the Sydney Cup yesterdsy. On Tuesday evening a concert was held at Grendsle, the proceeds to go to those who suffered by the late bush-fires ia the Bsllan district. Great credit is due to tbe promoters of the entertainment. There was a good attendance. Mr Young occupied the chair, and the following ladies and gentlemen took part in the proceedings, and performed iheir several pieces with excellent effect:—Mesdsmes Dick, Harbord, and Young; Misses Thomson Dick, and Austin; Messrs AnketeU, Dick, Drummo nd, Harbord, and M'CoIL A public meeting will be held at Coghili's Creek this evening, to urge upon the Government the desirability of extendiog telegraphic communica tion to that locality. A meetiBg of bakers' carters will be held at Blight's hotel, this evening, at eight o'clock. A concert, in which several singers from Ballarat will take part, will be given in the Church of Ergiand, Haddou, to- morrow evening, commencing at eight o'clock. The Australian Natives' Association will meet, at Craig's hotel,' this eveoiog, at eight o'clock. Pastor Chiniqay will lecture in the Wesley an Church, Lydiard street, this evening, on "The education of Protestant girls in the nonneries. 1 The lecture wfll commence at eight o'clock. Mr L'Kstrange, tbe aeronaut, who miraculously escaped a terrible death on Monday afternoon, has been confined (says the Telegraph) to his room since Monday nigbu His system sustained a severer shock than be at first thought, and within a few hours of tbe seddent he was suffering considerable pain in his limbs. On Tuesday morning, Dr Le Fevre examined him, and found that he had received a slight injary to tbe spine. The right knee was swollen, and the patient was otherwise suffering from stiffness of the limbs and aching pains about the body. He has not entirely recovered from the effects of the gas inhaled by him during tbe time he was covered by the balloon debris. In a few days he hopes to be about again. By the accident he is a heavy loser. The balloon, for which be stated he paid £400, is worthless. Tbe rabble tore large pieces from it during the time it was lying on the ground, io the Government domain, and only about two-thirds of tbe material remains together. There is some talk about getting up a benefit for Mr L'Estrange, and it is to be hoped that the idea will assume a practical shape. A despicable trick was resorted to by a couple of sharpers, who were present at the balloon ascent on Monday. Immediately after it became known that tbe aeronaut had escaped with his life, two men took off their bats and commenced collecting money for Mr L'Estrange, as tbey stated. The people responded readily, and in a very short time these two spedmens of tbe card- shaipiug class collected a considerable sum of money. No one appeared to doubt the honesty of their appeals. Mr L'Estrange heard of the matter yesterday, when a friend congratulated him on tbe success of tbe efforts of the voluntary collectors. Tbe trick was then exposed, but the sharpers remain undetected. The following extract from tbe St. Arr.avd Mercury will interest a number of our readers :— " On Tharsday last the sacred bonds of matrimony were securely tiel by the Rev.R. O. Cook between Mr R. Hain, Government inspector of mines, sod Mrs Dickinson, relict of the late Mr E. Dickinson, of Sr, Arnaud." Tbe following telegram from Alexandra appeared io yesterday's Age:—«• Considerable exdtement wss created in tbe township on Tuesday afternoon, about five o'clock, by a fire is the poliee camp. A body of smoke first attracted attention, the alarm was given, and a rush made for tbe place. When tbe officer in charge ai rived and opened the office door, flames burst out and no entrance could be made. In .a short time the office was burned to the ground—books, papers, and firearms were all destroyed. By great exertions on tbe part of the people assembled the police quarters and lock-up were saved. The cause of the fire is unknown." Referring to the rumor that has obtained publidty that a member of the Upper House has been offered and has refused the post of Postmaster- Genera], the Argus says:—" We are informed that no negotiations have been entered upon with a view of filling up the vacancy in question, and that it is not tbe intention of the Ministry to take any action to complete their ranks until the return of the Chief Secretary. ' The Minister of Railways (says the Agt) visited Sandhurst on Monday, with the object of observing what alterations could be made in existing arrangements in order to provide against the unpleasant crushes generally experienced whenever a larg» r passenger traffic than ordinary is put od to that place. The long stoppsges made at stations, and the consequent waste of time, also engaged tbe Ministers attention. 'Those stoppages generally occur through the rush of passengers to carriages .already full, and therefore additional accommodation has often to be provided, which can only be afforded at much loss of time, caused by tbe shunting that has to be done. In order to secure more convenience to the public, and also to secure jrreater punctuality in the arrival and departure of traios from wayside stations. Mr Woods on Tuesday consulted with the traffic manager upon jthe subj. c«, and instructions are to be issued that tbe officers of Intermediate stations shall telegraph .what carriage accommodation is available and what required, or, in other word?, stationmasms are to post each otber up in the traffic resources and demands of each station, so that prompt and timely action can be taken to supply defects. For instance, if two extra carriages vilf be required at. any particular station, these carriages tan be ready filled with passengers, so thst upon the arrival of the train the carriages need only be shunted on to the train.. The traffic superintendent and Engineer-in-Chief are also to report«n the best means jo be adopted to prevent the public from crowding in front carriages, aod thus interfering with porters dissharging their duties as promptly as would ctherwi»e be possible. , The Creswid: Adcertlser understands that Mr J. Newton, of Spring Hill, has become the purchaser of tbe piece of Itnd known a« Coffee's comer, which adj'ins Mr Newton's own farm. The price paid was <£20 per acre, cash. The parphase was made through Mr Fiizpatrick; of Bslla- Some months ago an advertisementapptared in the Argus, under the " missing friends" column offering s reward for the address of William J adkins Yarrow, M.D. It was ascertained (says onr contemporary) that Dr Yarrow had visited a selector named Maber, at Tallarook, and when leaving Maber be appeared to be suffering from some serious complaint. From this point he was lost sight of, and no trace was obtained of him until Tuesday, when his skeleton and the dress worn by tbe unfortunate man "were found in the raoges near Tallarook. His dress was fully identified by Mr Maher. Since his disappearance a fortune "has" been left to Dr Yarrow by tbe will of his. father, George Yarrow, of London, »nd ffle only surviving daughter, Mrs Blay, of Hotham, Victoria, will now obtain this fortune as the next of kin. Messrs Otto Berliner and Co., tbe law agents, obtained authority to act in the case from Mrs Biay some months since, and by last mail Mr E. W. Farkes, solictor, of London, instructed the firm to forward the necessary declarations for tbe purpose of realising the estate of the late George Yarrow'in .England. Some uneasiness (says the Telegraph) was occasioned by a rumor which gained currency on Tuesday thst a case of small-pox had broken out in the city. It appears to have arisen in consequence of a colored man nuned John Ali being attacked with a disease which presented all the symptoms of small-pox. The man was &t; once conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, where he was examined by Dr Bessie, and subsequently by Dr Girdles tone, the health officer of the dty. These gentlemen pronounced it to be a very severe form of chicken-pox, but deddedly not small-pox, so that no alarm need be felt on that score. On Tuesday afternoon (says tbe Telecraph) another disturbance occurred amongst eome'of tbe boys confined at tbe Jika Reformatory. The boys were at work as usual in the garden attached to the establishment, when suddenly screaming was heard, and two boys were observed assaulting another one with garden forks. The lad (our correspondent was informed) was stabbed in tbe arm, and also struck across tbe bead and seriously injured. He was taken inside, and his assailants 'secured. The superintendent of tbe reformatory wbo was waited upon • by our correspondent, declined to furnish any particulars, but Ton what could be gleaned of the effsir, it appears some quarrel arose among6t tbe lads implicated on Easter Monday, when the tfo assailants determined to wait till tbe holidays were over before gratifying their revenge. The Mansfield Guardian states that recently two miners went to the diggings on the Wombat Ranges, and for a few weeks took possession of the ground near where tbe £ellys worked. But one of tbe men fearing tbe return of the Eellys, jacked up his blankets and left, and the other, not iking to be left alone, speedfly followed. Immediately after two other miners went to the spot, and are working there up to the present time bringing into the bank occasionally sufficient gold to enable as to say they are making good wages. These men are working the same claim that aad Dan. Kelly took their gold from. Residents of Mansfield who hai e prospected in the locality feel convinced that some day there will be a good paying goldfield in the vidflity of tbe Wombat Raoges. The following (says the Maryborough Advertiser) is a copy of a petition signtd by Messrs Greaves, F. F. Pearse, Beveridge, and a number of others, which was presented to the Minister of Mines oa Monday* To the Hon. W. C. Smitt^ Treasurer, and Minister of Mioes. Sir,—We, tbe undersigned miners, storekeepers, and others residing on Alma and vicinity, would beg to bring under your notice, and that of your colleagues, the great hardship, loss and inconvenience we are subject to by the owner of land at Alma, known as Doyle's paddock, refusing to let anyone sink a shaft on it, without paying an exorbitant percentage. We are thus debarred from working the ground; but as the owner is prepared to re-sell the land to your Government at a reasonable price, we would respectfully and humbly ask you, as Treasurer of the Government, to make some arrangement with the owner, ao that the land may be thrown open for mining. The land is well known to be auriferous, as it has been worked for gold on three sides, and is nor being worked by two parties of miners.'' Major Smith promised to see into tbe matters, aad thu petitioners will in tbe meantime ascertain on what conditions the owner would part with the land. It would appear, from what MrD. Whamond tells the Pleasant Creek Actcs, that the rabbits have an enemy which sp to tbe present has sot b6en recognised, namely, the native cat. Whilst travelling through a portion of the common on Tuesday, Mr Wham end's dogs ran a rabbit to earth. As the barrow was a very shallow one, our informant determined to dig the rabbit out. He accordingly procured a long sapling from a neighboring bush, and after opening np about seven feet of the hole he discovered its occupant, dead. Tbe cause of death was apparent by a puncture at tbe back of the ears, similar to that which would be left by a weasel. As tbe dogs refused to leave tbe burrow Mr Whamond returned to it, and after probing for some time dislodged a large male native cat, of the spotted spedes, to which be speedily gave its quietus. This was subsequently regretted, as it was evident that to the cat the " bunny " owed its death. From this it would appear aa though tbe native cats are enemies of the rabbits, and if so, selectors wbo may lose an occasional egg or fowl by their depredations wfll certainly think twice before destroying them. Perhaps, after all, nature will provide her own cure for what is known as the " rabbit nuisance." 