Gebat Bbitaik, there can be so doubt, is just now io the throes of a very serious crisis. The papers which came oat to qb by the last mail steamer make this fact eo plain that there is no possibility of donbting its existence. The distress amongst the operative class is widespread, and most painful to note. The manofactarers are at their wits' end to preserve their capital from frittering away into nothing, all idea of makiilg a profit by their operations having been abandoned nntil better times dawn; whilst the failures in ordinary trading circles are alarmingly nnmeroos, with the almost moral certainty staring everybody in the face that Ibennmber will rapidly increase, instead of speedily diminish. Things are therefore very bad in the mother-country; and it is impossible to see what can arise to improve their condition. Now, if aDy person doubts the troth of what has been said lately ont here on this subject, he has only to spend a quarter of an honr reading the latest number of the European Mail to hand, to see that there is nothing overstated in this description. He will there find that what we have pnt forth in this and previous articles, as to the condition of the old country, is perfectly trae. Be will see that the operatives in the old land are reduced to the keenest distress; that old established houses are toppling over into insolvency in all directions, and that there is no sign observable anywhere to inspire a hope of improvement. He will have no alternative then bnt to admit that matters in the old country are really very bad, and that what is stated here, to show this state of things, does not expose ub, in the slightest degree, to a charge of exaggeration. We have said that a perusal of the European Mail will establish theee remarks, and this is a perfectly accurate statement. Bat as few people ont here see that paper, we have made a digest from its columns to justify the above remarks; and it certainly brings ont a state of things which ia very deplorable to ascertain, and which will be deeply regretted by every reader. From the 22nd of October to the 21st of November last, no leBB than twenty-nine large insolvencies occurred in the mother country, to say nothing of the minor failures which very considerably increased the total number ; and the large insolvencies were as follows— H. F. Jaess, Manchester £40,000 LecHe and Co., Louder... £36,858 Lomas a£d Co, Jairow Set ment'd BenharOoalCo,Scotland Kotttent'd Hay, 8on,and Oo, millers, Glasgow ..._...._......_ Buchanan, sod Oa, Glaf- WilsonsndOoL, Glasgow Notnant'd £18,764 Not mpnt'd Notmsottf £68,000 £18.000 £1,31056$ £7012 £62.000 £80,000 Peirestand Oo., Blaafebmu Thomson and Oa, Grangemonth ...*..... Liston and Oo., London... Morton aad WriglitandScott,Glasgow MagH? anrt-Oo, Glasgow Doniierand Go, London... Knight and Eon, London Uatthaws and Co., Glaa- Thomton, Kocili^isin m Forrester, Slamaim'an.»... gfaww mfl Alexander, Gluzgiiw Hengt snd Co., London ... ^titakrr, Halifax Potter and Oa, Glasgow^. Bsdtha&d; Co, Louden _ £56,600 Notftttsa £82,469 £21,521 £100JD0& £65,900 £S,461,0S4 £289,757 £1,000,GOO NU J3DJM Not stated KotsUtad Kotsuted .£100,000 NotaUtod \- £486537 £20,2S9 £30:000 Hotsttted £885,000 VUeUtad £8000 Hot euted £16.000 •£13,900 £392,886 £69^72 £40000 £216^77 £162,089 SSfiXfm Green, Bradford ............ £25,000 Eaigh and Oa, Liverpool H>y,stst'd Bhore and Oa, Liverpool £35 000 Monk Brothers, Preston... £10,600 Hot staled Not elated Not stated Not stated Not stated Kot stated Gray and Co., CdiHngston Hot stated Here we have 29 insolvencies described, the aggregate ttabifitaesof which with only assets to the amount of £728,804 to meet them.. Or, allowing a similar proportion to those items in which the aassts are not stated, there is lesis than a gross total of assets amounting to £2,000,000; and if, when contrasted with nearly £10,000,000 of liabilities, this does not show a deplorable state of commercial affairs in Great Britain, it would be hard indeed to say what would 31aBtrate«uch an evil. -Botwben the breakdown of the City of Glasgow Bank, snd the wide-spread ruin which that event will cause, by the tremendous call made on the shareholders, are: borne in mind, then the serious and gross, result broadened veiy considerably. Then it (rill ^be cleariy snoogh seen that the mother-coonhy Isjjris£ jmw ia.tiie very centre, as we have aald' atovej of a really serioD8(na8vand ooethat maet provemoat disastitraa - -to- -its ' - TTnfortimatoly, however, the crsshisiiutconfined to private hooaes -which-have ^toppled ^over and tb^r anpltlyZsZ '- It .^BoXtnrtenda" xrver ' a ltfge portion~of and ithe fol- {owing further eictract~firom the European '^iail yf^ gire=«o»e Idea; of r-the produced;ifit doesnot exactly-show its {tinned depression in trade and th& ii iweether-tte-most fijiAMH ^wtieepread |depression'^^a8s^^dngst~the""wortang icloBiOTi of -SheffiridU list year the distwaa was bo great that neiriy £400d was . pended in relief, but owing to the continued bad trade th.e distress is far more severe and general than was the case last year. At the^wDrbs of Messrs CamhELL and Co., the ironworkers have only bad fourteen days' employment during the last three months, and at other large Ironworks in the district there is also a great scarcity of work. At Brightaide and Attercliffe the destitution is terrible, and the district Scriptnre reader states that he is almost afraid to enter some of the honses, so great is the prevailing privation. An idea of the straits to which some of the working men are reduced may be gamed from the fact that at one of the ironworks a few days ago the men x>n the night shift were so weak from lack of food that they were tumble to do the work, and fell insensible.' The steel trade is likewise in a very depressed state. The men are only earning about 16s per week, and their society, once a powerful one, is now unable to' give them much help." This is the state of affairs which prevails ia only one oat of a number of manufacturing districts in Great Britain just now. Bat it is quite sufficient to Bhow that hard times have dawned on the old land,-and that there is anything but a bright prospect before it. Opinions will, of course, differ widely as to the canse of this commercial distress, want of employment, and starvation ' amongst the working classes. The free-trader will see nothing antagonistic to his doctrine in these developments, and charge them to anything else than the effects of tile theory he-so fondly clings to. On the other hand, the protectionist will charge most of these ills to free-trade, and contend that if his doctrine had foil awing in Great Britain, all these evils would have been avoided. Bat it is not oar intention just now to decide at any length between these two schools of political economy. Nor is it at all necessary we should do so, since our readers are well aware of our opinions on the subject. There is one fact, however, which stands ont veiy prominently in this connection, and it is certainly pregnant with instruction. There is no stagnation in trade, no failures of magnitude, and no starvation of operatives out here. If there' is any relation, therefore, between effect and cause, as of course there is in every department of life, it necessarily follows that free-trade may be a splendid doctrine on paper, but if we want to attain really practical ends we.jnust cling firmly to protection. This is the leBson which is taught by a comparison of the state of this p colony with that of the mother- country; and it is certainly conclusive an the free-trade j and protection subject. In the meantime, ¥ however, the fact is terribly patent that the mother-country is reduced to very l hard straits just now. As another paper than the one we have quoted from Bays, "pauperism in Great Britain is increasing enormously; and all classes are troubled to know what will be the end of the crisis, and how long it will last." Hence, the evidence all round is clear enough that the mother-country has fallen on very bad times, which at once explains the why and s wherefore of starving operatives and the above commercial failures. Let ns hope, however, that an end will soon come to this depression, because a greatly improved condition for all classes in the old land will be the consequence of its departure. THE word " absurd" can alone describe the article which appeared in yesterday's Telegraph relative to onr recent remarks concerning the departure of Mr Hayteb for Europe. It will be recollected that the loeition taken up by the Telegraf/t, when it : 'ormerly wrote on this subject; was, that Ur Hayteb should have refused to accompany Mr Bebby to Downing Street, in order that confidence would continue to be felt in his figures, and no danger wonld arise of his being suspected to have associated himself with the policy of the Liberal party. To this we replied that Mr Hayteb had no alternative but to go when the appointment of secretary to the embassy was conferred npon him. We wrote—" He is a servant of the State—an officer in theBegia trar-General's Department in the receipt of a regular annual stipend from the Govern ment. Hence, when he was officially in formed that he had to accompany Mr Bebby to England, he was bound to pack np his portmanteau and depart with the Premier for Europe." This reply was, of course, conclusive, and, if confined to the original complaint, left the Telegraph with out a leg to stand on. But what does the Telegraph do now ? Why, abandon its first position entirely, and charge the Government with acting tyrannically to a public officer by sending Mr HAlTm to London 1 Onr contemporary writes:—" Evidently it is the settled policy -of the -BEBBY faction to bring everything and eveiybody under the heel of authority. There'is no attempt -to disguise the nature of the new condition of things. The Government statiBt has to obey orders, or his regular annual stipend will be handed over to some one who is more tractable. The principle is clearly and distinctly laid down that he must do as he is told,-and be thankful that he has the opportunity of drawing his salary nnder such -conditions.- This is -the- language of the Telegraph in reply to onr remarks; and pretty sort of langnaga it is to b8e when discussing a eubject of this kind. .Why, in the name .oflall.JthatJs reasonable, is there to be no authority over the civil servants at all?- Are--ftey-to ^o jnBt as they think fit? Are they to exercise their own discretion At all times as to whether they shall or shall not obey Government instructions ? If. so, theaapretty state -of things will be evolved, indeed, and one which we ventme.to assert will be found without parallel since the -world was created, or anything like a ciril service was heard of. Why, our contemporary must have lost its head altogether to write such fustian, in the shape of argument, as what we have quoted above. Obviously, the civil servants most obey the instructions of the Government for the time being, no matter who forms it, or the whole machinery of the State would be thrown into the most ridiculous confusion possible. There would be no order, no discipline, no system; nothing indeed bat complete anarchy, if this rale were not generally, accepted. For the Telegraph, then, to argue that- there was aemetUing tyrannical in appointing Mr Hayteb secretary, to the embassy, is the mostontrageons idea that could be trotted ont ins public joornaL Itissoontrageoaa,indeed, that nothing but the poetical haired which onr contemporary has; for the Government for the time bemg,«nd themeotal dequjgement whicli that prejodfo W prefaced in ita writers, can explairr its dee, or account for the employment of tpefti rotteo spedes of logic. Tbe«ppointzuent of Mr TTaVrm was a very judidouB ^me to make; snd it was just as j n ^ ^ ^or j& HAYTEB to accept it. There waft/so -tyftumy in it on jnip the one hand, or wrong about' it an the other. It was.juBt ci(e «ame^s thoi^S * merchant in Melbourne tnfornted his derk that it would be : reqmaite'*'for hiin to iocompany him on boiueas ia London, -and the <3erk at once proceeded lit w^w the tionsof his employer 'Saa rvhtde'^lfsir between the Premier and Mr Hayteb wae as simple, as consistent, as dignified, and as ordinary as an incident of the above kind wonld te; and it is impossible, therefore, to see anything tyrannous or improper .in the proceeding. The- Telegraph bad' better_ let this Bnbject alone, for the more it writeB npon it the more it stumbles. The folloviog reply to tbe address sent to Earl Be&consfield; some time &gor; by the caoncila of the city and town, was read at the City Council meeting yesterday afternoon :—" 10 Downing street, Whitehall, Sljt October, 1878. To the mayor of Ballarat. Sir,—1 have received, through the Secretary of State far the Colonies, aa address from tbe people of Ballarat, unanimously agreed to In a public meeting on the 2od Augoat; and I hare to request that yon will convey to them tbe cordial thanks of my colleagues and myself, and asaore them that we appreciate their sympathy and value their approbation.^! hare the honor to be, yonr obedient servant, Beacoksfield." 3 of very sadden death occurred at Smythesd≤ on Sunday last, when Mr J. C. Excell, of the Brighten drapery house, was found dead in his bed. As Hr Excel! did not come to breakfast at tbe usual time on Sunday morning, Mr O'Bern vent to call him, and found tbe unfortunate man lying on bis bed, dressed, and quite dead. Deceased had been ailing slightly for the last day or t^o since the holidays. An inquest on the body was held at O'Bern's hotel on Monday, 6th instant Dr Jordan, who made the postmortem examination, deposed that death was caused by acute inflammation of the stomach and small intestines, and the jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical eridence. At the Town Police Court yesterday, George Laurence, Fanny Anderson, and Susan Dooley, charged with burglary and robbery, were sent to gaol, the former for twelve months, with hard labor, and the two latter for six months each. Jobn Bogers and James Martin were committed to take their trial at tbe sessions on the 1st of February, on a charge of uttering a valueless cheque for £2 on tbe Union Bank on the 2nd instant, purporting to be signed -by Andrew Jlrown, "Albert Foundry, with latent to defraud Either Jonas, landlady of the Earl of Zetland hotel. The prisoner Martin when arrested had two other chequei in bis possession. Mr Wm. Edwards, the champion long-distance walker has not yet left Ballant, as there is some talk of gettiog up a match between him and some other pedestrian. Hr Edwards is willing, if he can get sufficient support, to make tip a match against time, to walk 180 miles in forty-eight hours, or 400 miles in six days; or he undertakes to walk 110 "miles io twenty-four hours againBt any two pedestrians, the one to start with him, and the other to take up the race when the first one retires; in short, lie offers io walk any two persons 110 miles. The perjury case of Cniwther v RuaBell, arising out of the recent libel action against the Argtis, will be heard is the police court, Melbourne,'to-day. The City Council held ita first meeting for this year at the Council chambers yesterday, and a large amount of work was done in the businesslike and expeditious manner that always marks the roceedmgi of this council. Onr Haddon correspondent writes :—" People ourneying from Ballarat to Smythes are pleased an open spot, which has been fenc&d; and cleared, at much cost of time and money, by Mr Milne, of the Banner of War hoteL Amid the -won from the stony ranges is s nice garden, in which are several kinds of fruit trees, which year after year show what can be done, even in such forbidding-looking soil, by persevering industry well applied, by the amount of fruit they bear ; and it is a stigma on the neighborhood that-some vaodalsgoannually and destroy the unripe fruit, and damage the trees to a large extent. Tbe disgrace is tbe greater on account of Mr Milne always taking a pleasure in seeing anyone in the plaee partaking of the fruit when ripe; but he bas now become disgusted with wilful destruction of bis property, and bas put the case in the hands of the police, to deal with the delinquents." jMr Bade, the-local agent for tbe Macarthur artunion, has received tbe list of the winning numbers. Tbe first prize, Ko. 4190, and the seventh prize, No. 4275, came to Ballarat, as also twelve smaller prizes. Ia another column will be found a report of Eveiard's annual races, which took place yesterday at tbe racecourse adjacent to Everard's Star of Erin hotel. There were about 1000 people present, including a tolerable sprinkling of Ballarat folk. There -were five events on the card, and altogether the meeting passed off in a very satisfactory and orderly manner. The second heats of the Ballant Rowing Club's scratch fours were continued on Monday evening, when M'Gart'y's crew beat M'PhillimyV, and Bennett's beat Graham's. This evening, at six, Field's crew will meet Mitchell's. The thinl heats will then be proceeded with, for which Darcy'a crew will meet Bennett's at half-past six M'Garey's crew takes a walk over. On Wednesday evening Stratton's crew will row the winners of the heat, Field V Mitchell, at half-put six. 'Our Iiesnnonth correspondent writes:—"On Sunday, in the Presbyterian Church here, the Rev. J. B. Steel, of Burrambeet, preached the funeral sermons in respect for tbe late Mrs.Hamilton, wife of the Presbyterian minister here. Many of the congregation appeared in mourning on the occasion, and the pulpit was draped wi'Ji black. The rev. gentleman, at the close of the sermon, in appropriate terms alluded to tbe manyexcellent qualities of the deceased, and tbe very great loss her husband and family have sustained in her death. He also alluded to the almost unwavering confidence tbe deceased had for a long period of years placed in her Bedeemer, and hoped that the severe trial experienced in her death would, in the providence of God, be the means of blessing to her husband and family, and that the memory of her influence and example wonld be a source of profitable experience to .the congregation generally. Many of the congregation seemed deeply affected, and great sympathy is felt for the bereaved husband and family in their irreparable loss, and a very great blank has also been created iu the congregation by her comparatively early acd sudden removal." A correspondent writes:— u A man employed as stooebteaker on the Cavendish road, ftre miles from Hamilton, was drownedon Sunday evening in a dam belonging to Mr Mercer, squatter. The 4am was 12 feet deep, and tke age of the deceased 'twenty-two yean. The man went into the 6am to bathe, but as he could not swim he met with the fate stated." 1 Mr J. Lee, undertaker, desires us to state that, notwithstanding his accident, his business is beiog carried on as ninaL His son is attending to it. The following is thenotice paper for the monthly meeting -of tbe Hospital committee, to be held on Wednesday evening:—'To receive report of house committee;'to receive..annual report, balancesheets of maintenance, and list of endowment accounts, auditors' report, andliat of attendance of committee; to' pay the. monthly accounts; to accept tenders for the customary half-yearly supplies; to reoeive aomioationa for vacant offices on committee. \- The collection at animals at the Gardens has been-increased by the addition of two,.Tasmanisn devils and a native-companion to the old stock; the former being the gift.-of MrTremjLVne, and tbe latter being presented by Mr J. Graham. : The quarterly, meeting of the Ballarat Loyal British .Lodge, _Ko. 5, Protestant Alliance, was held on Thursday last, when the following brethren were duly elected to nffiae for theensuing- term'WJI^John HnsHrig; "DJiL, John Bryaon; P.M., E. A- Witter; secretary, Bobt. Cooke; treasurer, E. Groves; elders, J. Brooks and & Trend; chaplain, John Bullon; LG. Joseph Lander; assistant secretary, J. Taylor, auditors, W. Belcher and J. Bullen; medial officer, Dr Bsdcliffe; dispenser, J. Whittle. . Tbe adjourned meeting of Court Little John, A.O F., will be held at. the. lodge-room, British Queen hotel, this evening, at eight o'clock. ' Tbe annul meeting of the Protestant Mutual Benefit Society is convened for this evening at agbt o'clock, at the Buck's head hotel. i i A' commanding officer's parade' of the B.V.E. will be held on Wednesday evening next at halfpast seven o'clock. Bnabiea are tnt» worn, i The January term of the School of Mines will commence oo~ tfonday, the IBdb instant. : A meeting of the regatta committee will be held at Lester's hotel tU< erening, at hill-put eight o'dock. ' The Qallirat East Lodge, LO.G.T, will meet thii evening at the usual hour- The ortiMjy month!? meeting of the Botchers' Employes' Association be lield at the Norli Grant hotel this evening, at agbt o'dDck- -' : We bive received a cepy of the Northern Assurance Company's almanac for 1879. We have also received a copy of the Norwich Union Fire Insurance Society's almanac for tbe same year. Tbe Ballant agent for the former is Mr Claxton, and tor the latter MrJJriod. "We.have further received a iopy of the Australian.- Mutual -Provident Society's almanac for 1879. The" agsita in TU1-; larat for this society are Messrs J. Oddie and Co. and fcJC. C. Sfcppee. i "Jte namiUoa Spcaatir AtBlet thit iy Thursday's tnin three bank .tnsnagers, one of whom araafrom Portland, and two Tront^Hamiltiro, left for. Malbounne,in charge-of treasurejbelongii£ to their raptctive banks. Tbe manager* took with them about ££5,000. It ja not so much from fear dtheEeUyg^ ^ be imitated by other«. . « The Chinese Qaertion In AnBtrali»" (® a 2 ^J Herald) is tbe title of a pwBpHetort«l>^ edi^l by three well-known MoDgoliaaJwtfenfto—i. Meng, Cheofc Hong Cheong, andI»om»~Ab Mcm£aod published b7 F- F. Baliiere, of Mdbonm^ The object of the brochure is to pltce beforettie community a digest of the "yellow mat*>o from tbe Chinese et&ndpofet; ana, whilst it demonstrates that from a religions, cosmopolitan, and interoatioml point of new, the Australians are not justified in excloding tbe Chinese, * does iwetoocto the objection to their presence— they impart with them Oriental diseases ana vzcee, and are therefore as undesirable colooastsas expiree convicts. Mr Campbell Cameron, librarian of Ihe Staweli Mechanics* Institute, was found dead fsays the Argns) on Snnday in a paddock .at Martofe It it supposed the deceased died wHere he was found, three days before. The body was in an advanced ; state of decomposition. Mr Cameron owned a farm close by where the remain? were discovered. A determined act of self- destruction (says the; A$e) was committed by Jobn Boorke, fifty yean | of age, on tbe 3rd instant, at the West Melboone hotel, King street. Bourke, it appears, w&» a bush carpenter, and for some time past has been' in tbe employ of Mr J. Cumming, MJLC., on on® of his stations. On the 31st of last month he came to Melbourne by a Ballarat ttain, and at once engaged a room io the West Melbourne hotel. Immediately after his arrival iu the city he began to drink heavily, and ate very little: He- was evidently In a despondent mood, bat no one feared that he meditated suicide. On the 3rd instant, a noise was heard in deceased's room,, but it was thought by the housemaid that he was in a fit. She knocked at the door of the room, but, getting no answer, she attempted to open the door. Tbe door however, locked, and tbe room was entered by a window, and the deceased was found lying dead on the floor. Upon a search being made, a paper containing a small quantity of arsenic was found under the pillow on (be bed. A letter,-addressed to Mr Camming, was found upon the table, and on a piece of paper inside of the envelope was written, " Good-bye. God forgive you; aod att my things are at Jonas', Ballarat. Send them to my Vife." The following telegram from Staweli appeared yesterday's Argia z—" A sad case of drowning occurred at foogerenong on Friday. Hie eldest son of Mr V?. H. Bullivant, of the Longereoong estate, who had eome home from the Church of England Grammar School for the holidays, obtained leave to go fishing at a part of the river about a mQe distaat from the residence. Later In the day, tine of tbe lad's companions came running to the house to say that yoang Bullivant was drowned. Bis father made all speed to the place, and on diving recovered tbe body In about 8 feet of water. It seems that the day bad proved hot enongh to tempt the deceased to bathe, although unable to swim, and he almost at once got ont of his depth." The assistant chief commissioner of police (says tbe Telegraph) has notified that any police officer who may be instrumental or concerned in the re-arrest of Martin Weiberg, shall be entitled to participate in the original reward of £300 offered for the apprehension of the accused. We (Ape) announced tbe other day that a eon of tbe Prince of Wales wonld be appointed to a vessel on the Australian station while studying tbe naval profession, which he bas embraced. We dow learn upon undoubted authority that Prince Heinrich, a eon of the Crown Prince of Germany, who hat also adopted the naval profession, is on board of a German frigate, which is en route to these colonies, and that it may be expected to arrive here within a month. It is probable, therefore. that two of the grandsons of - Her Majesty Queen Victoria will be in the southern hemisphere at the same time. One of tbe saddest accidents (says the Creswicl Advertiser) it has ever been our duty to record happened on Friday afternoon to a fine chubby little fellow, two years old, named John Delahunty, whose parents reside on a farm at Clarke's Hill, Dean. After lunch-time, the child, with two others, left the house to go to the creek, but wandered from the others, aud went into the paddock where reaping was going on, the father of tbe little fellow driving the machine, and his uncle pttttiBg off. He walked into the standing crop unseen by anyone at work, and tbe first that was known of bis presence was the sight of him on tbe machine with tbe sheaf. He was at once picked up, when the horrible discovery was made tbat "both feet were cut of just above the ankle. One was completely severed, whilst the other was merely hanging by tbe tendons. He was at once conveyed to tbe hospital, more dead than alive, but by means of stimulants he revived. On Saturday Dr Tremearne bad to place tbe unfortunate little fellow under chloroform, and perform a painful but necessary operation, since which he seems to be doing as well as can be expected under tbe painful circumstances. On Saturday aftersoon and evening (says tbe P. C. A T ews) a very extensive bush-fire was observable to the south-westward of the Black Banges. The exact ro&tion; of tbe fire could scarcely be ascertained; bnt, as it was in tbe neighborhood of selections, it is feared that some damage has been done to property. At -one time some miles of forest must have been burning, tbe flames being distinctly visible in tbe town. Kew oats (says the Cresxrick Advertiser) wer purchased by Mr M'Cormick over a week ago. They were the proceeds of a self- sown crop, at the Green Hill, and yielded 40 bushels to tbe acre. Our contemporary doubts whether any crop ol oats grown, even in the ordinary way, will yield better. Lord Harris' frmm of gentlemen cricketers leave for Launcestou on Tuesday (says the Telegraphy per steamer, and proceed overland to Hobart Town, where they play their first and only match, on the 10th and 11th instant, in Tasmania. Their iAunceston engagement falls through, owing to their late match with the Australians. They return from Hohart Town to Melbourne, and proceed overland to Sydney to play two matchea there before they return. The first will be played on the 24th, 25th, and 2 7th"mataut, and tbe second on tbe 7tb, 8th, and 10th February. Between those matches the eleven will visit Bathurst, where they will meet a local team. The team Is very much strengthened by the arrival cf Mr F. Penn and Mr B. D. Walker, both of whom are first-class allround cricketers. Mr J. Pigdon, ex-mayor of Melbourne, received (says the by tbe mail a letter, from the vice-consul at Shanghai, acknowledging with many thanks the receipt of a further contribution of £800 for the relief of the Chinese famine. The weekly meeting of the Intercolonial Juvenfle Exhibition committee was held (aaya the Telegraph) on Friday. The most important letters read were those from their Excellencies tbe Governors of New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, and Queendand, all consenting to become patrons of tbe Exhibition, and wishing it every success. Sir W. F. D. jervbis, Governor of South Australia, in bis letter said s—>".It.gives me great pleasureto' accede to the request of tbe committee,. and I sincerely wish all success to an enterprise -of eo UBefol a character." Sir A. Kennedy, .Governor of Queensland, forwairied a cheque for £5, with his best wishes for the undertaking. A letter was read from tbe hon. secretary of the Co pent Garden Market Company, offering to let the building* when erected for four months for exhibition purposes. The matter was fully'discussed, and a sub-committee appointed to confer with tbe market committee, and if possible arrange terms. The receipt of £10 10s in donations was acknowledged, and: it waa reported that £50 worth of 4e bentures had been taken, but owing to the holidays tbe canvassing bad to be postponed for a few days. The Minister of Lands (says the 4npr«;fcaapaid_ a visit to the district between Benalla and Yalta" wonga, with a Hew of ascertaining the condition of the crops and the Immediate prospects of the selectors in that locality. Mr Longmore returned late on Friday evening. He confirms tbe reports of tbe failure of the wheat crop io the district in question, in consequence of the prevalence of rust and blight, and be expresses the opinion that" in most cases tbe total yield will not be more than one buthel pa acre. A deputation waited -npon Mr Longmore to ask him to remit or rather postpane the annual payment of rent by tbe selector*, and he bad to. explain that this was beyond his power. As, however, it seems impossible for the Selector* to meet their pecuniary liabilities, some exceptional arrangement may perhaps be authorised by tbe Cabinet A carioas story it related by the Albvry Conner. "At an early hour on the morning of ibe.USth ultimo, a man rasbed into tbe house of a Mrs Everitt, on the Albuiy flit, and announced that he was 4 Kelly, tbe bushranger/ At thii time the only persons in tbe bouse r>*re Mrs Everitt and her sister-in-law, naturally enough, were somewhat alarmed at tbe aoDooocemeat. The In trader, after announcing hia name, aeixsd hold of one of the two women, and it appears attempted violence. Just then, however, the hu&baud; came Inv alid the bushranger ran off.-' • In the meantime, the other woman, fearing to be robbed by tbe man, bad carefully secreted several £l-note® in the ashes on the hearth, and there, in the excitement of the moment, they Vere allowed to remain until they were destroyed. The «n- S> Is described J-...-V • 1 aa -- having L._: carried r_j two Wellington it: boota i fa his belt, one strappeCon each ride, 80 arranged as to represent revolver holsters/' ABplbcdzd Beleotiisief FAnBHuronrot, oiw Lhaing Oarvaa fa.—9t4HOTXU>, Btnrt ^rest —fADVT 