POLICEMEN AS WITNESSES. In the debate on the supplementary esti mates on Thursday night, the case of ex- police-constables Hutchinson and Ratti- gan again cropped up ; a case, in its outcome, unique — in the police department, at least — in the list of delinquencies lying at the door of Mr Berry's Government. It cannot be too strongly impressed upon the public, the wandering nature of whose recollection makes it expedient to recall, as briefly as may be, the circumstances under which these men were summarily and ignominiously dismissed the force, and one or them was immediately again em ployed in the public service. We scarcely needed a case so atrocious to show the danger of believing too readily the evidence of the police, when it is uncorroborated by any other witnesses. There have been before, and there are extremely likely to be again, numerous instances to prove that perjury is not an uncommon practice among them, especially in cases likely to involve charges against themselves, which 'have been met — and so signally in this case — by recrimination of the most false and malignant character. A stain so notorious on a body of generally well- behaved men renders it the duty of police magistrates, and of those among justices of the peace who have the smallest idea of the purpose and limit of their trust, to investigate very closely all complaints made by the police on own their behalf, and to take probabilities into account, when there is nothing but the unsupported state ment of a Dolice-constable on one side nnd an earnest denial on the other. Such happened to be the position of the matter which the City Bench, in Melbourne, was lately required to adjudicate with reference to these constables, Rattigan and Hut chinson. The published reports contained the particulars of what was proved, in the end, to be one of the grossest attempts — happily, though accidentally, frustrated — ever made by subordinates in authority to escape legal punishment for brutal outrage, by turning round and making a false accusation against the object of their violence. They charged a number of gentlemen with having obstructed them in the exercise of their duty, with having used abusive and insulting language, and with assault. The very nature of the complaint was vague enough to have war ranted the magistrates in looking at it with suspicion. Public decency had not been outraged — not evengoodmanners, de corum, and the public peace. So far as nllAfynn faohlAn A-f nnnnnlt ouogcu ioouavu vi opccuu w us foll- cerned, though it might not have been all that good taste would desire, so as to be duly adapted to such exceptionally re- fined policemen as Messrs Hutchinson and Rattigan, there was no justification in dragging one man to the lock-up, and afterwards the other, which last proceed ing led to the pretended assault. The head and front ef each offence imputed were denied with earnestness, and the constables were accused by their prisoners with having acted brutally towards them. The witness to the rough treatment and the unjust capture of the first man had threatened exposure, and was told, in consequence, that if he went to the lock up at all, it should be as a prisoner, and not as a complainant. In the former character he was accordingly "run in." Of course, the hard swearing sufficient for a conviction was obtained. We cannot see how magistrates are bound, as they seem to conceive themselves invariably to be, in believing policemen's oaths, against solemn declarations— which are the only forms of asseverations which persons criminally accused can make — when it is by no means impossible, but rather pro bable, that the latter may be perfectly true, in which case the constables would be most likely to add, as, in this case, they evi dently added, perjury to their other delin quencies. We cannot recognize the justice of the peace principle, that the hardest swearer deserves to be believed, when the evidence, so tended, is in itself contradic tory. Time, at least, mighthavebeen given, by. remand, to ascertain, by independent testimony; which afterwards there was no difficulty in procuring, whether the alleged misconduct bore out the charge. Any- little delay would have sufficed. The prisoners' statements were afterwards cor roborated, in every particular, and those of the constables as fully disproved, where pressure had been put, by means of the Press, on behalf of the public, who were wholly dissatisfied. Perhaps the moat re markable feature in this turning of 'the tables was, that, by policemen themselves, present or -within hail during the original investigation, intimations were made whiph, had they been tendered, as they should have been? at first, might have warfldToff fie adverse dhSjnon. //Mr.pAii' might have reverted at 'Cfie first" stage the proceedings, .instead of the last, to his magisterial arithmetic, and the commission of the peace have been saved from an additional disfigurement, for which there was so lit le room. The case altogether was one of the worst that the Press has had the unwelcome task of noticing, since those early days in Victoria when the public were at the mercy of miscreants in authority, who,' if thwarted in their designs, turned accusers of the persons they had insulted and maltreated. Next to the conduct of Hutchinson and Ratti gan, the backwardness was most reprehen sible of other policemen, in stating important points, oearing closely on the probabilitiesof the case. By this behaviour, it was further proved that there is an unmistakeable tendency by certain mem bers of tbe force, unless neutralized by some counter attraction, to support each other, per fas aut tufas, at the expense of the public, and at the sacrifice of justice. Though the persons accused by Hutchin son and Rattigan escaped by chance, yet, mindful of other cases unattended with a similar, and perhaps, equally deserved result, the public may be dismayed by the ready determination cf magistrates who, like these constables, were themselves accused by tlie persons against whom they appeared to complain. It is an additional illustration of the proverbial facility with which, in some instances, the Bench will give effect to the malice and perjury of persons in some petty and brief authority. Of course/ we were favoured to the stereotyped twaddle, as a set off' to indignant commentaries, that " the Bench felt bound to give credence to the sworn testimony of the constables in preference to the unsup ported statements of the prisoners." To be sure it was ; and so it would have been if the Devil himself were in the box. When the true facts were brought to light, the true culprits were very properly dismissed the force ; and, so far, the punishment was insured, however inade quate, of ruffians who sought to escape the charge intended to be brought against "hlmmsfilrfas Iw npriiipv "Rnf. TVTr "Rfppv'q Cabinet, to be consistent with itself, could not allow either the public or the police department — the magistracy were hope lessly paclij'dermatous — to profit by re flection on a circumstance which had well nigh consigned innocent men to gaol, and testified to yet one more triumph of might over right. The amiable members of the Cabinet, without experience of infamous practices, and believing that all men were as guileless and as single-minded as them selves. demurred to the duty of the Press, in keeping its eye constantly on those matters involving official character which liave long been too familiar. Lest the lesson Messrs Hutchinson and Rattigan haa received should fail to give them a sufficient insight into the hazard of hard- swearing and brutality, Hutchinson was forthwith placed — and, probably, Ratti gan will follow — in a department of the State where those excellent qualities flourish luxuriantly, and are never known to fade. He was made a warder of the Pentridge prison; and we wish Mr Duncan joy of his acquisition. The Victorian Review. — The Feb ruary number of this publication is to hand, and contains articles from the pens ol Messrs U. id. Pearson, R. Bennett, H. R. Nicholls and other well-known writers. The opening one is from the pen of Mr Pearson, entitled "The Liberal Pro gramme and, considering the part that that gentleman has taken in connection with the Liberal party, his ideas appear to be rather obscure. One important feature in the article is that lie is opposed to a National Bank — saying that ' 1 the idea of a National Bank may enter the programme of some reformers, but I think it right to say it does not mine." What) he thinks is wanted is something like the Banks of Agriculture which have been established in Prussia and other countries in Europe, and he quotes several instances where such banks have been successful. I Mr Pearson wants to give the Liberals credit fir the ballot and manhood suf- 1 frage, but the country had those institu tions before the writer ever saw the colony ; and his idea3 are at variance with those of a good many who profess to hold Liberal opinions. Mr Pearson iB in favor of the plebiscite, and brinp-s forward snmn I , ' — O curious views on the subject. He says that " men who look back regretfully to the old days of an English Parliament, when the Press was, perhaps, forbidden to report, when it might be censurable to publish a division-list, and when members voted in almost complete independence of public opinion, have surely forgotten that that phase of Parliamentary power is as extinot now as government by divine right of kings;" and he further states that "the practice, at least, of modern times is that the statesman must represent the conscience of the country, J as well as his own, and if the two are at variance, ought to resign his seat." These remarks, no doubt, look well on paper, but are they carried out ? Have the Liberal part)' with whom Mr Pearson i3 identified adhered to this practice 1 We rather think not ; for the Chamber in which he row sits has frequently of late debarred the Press from hearing what has Kaan ivaitviv am n .it r I vu, auu proceedings would soon bring us back to the times Mr Pearson refers to. We think that the consciences of the members ot the Liberal Ministry that Mr Pearson is associated with are of such an elastic nature, that they would find it a hard matter to discriminate when their own private views aud those of the country are at variance. Another article, contributed by Mr D. Anderson, is well worthy of attention. The writer quotes Mr Berry's statement at a public meeting of the Reform League, that " they had got, although with diffioulty and great loss to the State, some 40,000 selectors or farmers on the soil ;" and the writer adds, " Every 'Liberal' Minister of Lands wishes to conciliate the selector even at a great loss to the state and remain in power." The people are beginning to see the folly of cheering men who boast that their party have plaoed, at great loss to the State, all these selectors or farmers on the soil, at a third or fourth of its value. " The Commercial Future of Australia" is from the pen of the editor, and we intend to go more fully into the article in our next issue ; together with one upon " Education, True and False," contributed by Mr William Tomlinson (from Auck land). Wangaratta Police Court. — On Mon day, before Mr Alex. Tone, J. P., and the Mayor, Alex. Whiteford was charged with vagrancy. Samuel Osboldstone de posed : Am a baker at Wangaratta, and saw the defendant on last Friday night ; he was begging. I offered him food, which he refused toaccept, statingthathehadhad1 his dinner ; he asked me to advance him. 2s Gd, to pay his railway fare to Benalkj, and he would return the same in postage stamps ; found him afterwards drunk at the Royal Hotel. By defendant : You told me you had been three weeks not the Wangaratta Hospital, and had not strength to walk. Mounted constable Mootfbrd stated that he (the defendant) was given in charge by Mr Osboldstone for imposing on him, by getting money. Sergeant Steele said he saw tie defendatai drnnk at fj the Council Club Betel on last Friday- J night. The Bench ordered "defendant t» be imprisoned; ia Beaehwrth Gaol far seveii'daya. ' auctionm#' Licenses. — The following list of auctioneer' licenses, issued at the aeveral receipt and pay offices named, during the month of December, 1878, has been published Beechworth (general)— Wm. Telford 5 Benalla (general) — Henry Playford; Wangaratta (general) — Wm. Orr; Wodonga (district) — Thos. Robert Don aldson. Applications por Grants Approved. — Wm. Trim, 61a, Murmungee ; Donald Fletcher, la Or 4p, Beechworth. Appointments. — The following appoint ments have been gazetted ; — Mr Archi bald Wm. Smart to be oolloctor of customs, acting assistant inspeotor of fisheries, and acting keeper of the powder-magazine at Wodonga, vice G. E. Brown, acting during the absence on sick leave of D. Ferguson, the collector ; to take effect from 30th December. Senior-constable Mullane to act, temporarily, as keeper of the powder-magazine at Beechworth, vice Constable Stow, transferred. VICTORIAN rOLiriCS. — A lie JDUruui. Post" (Albury), in reviewing the address issued by Mr Richard Warren, a candidate for the representation of the Ovens District in the Legislative Assembly, at the forth coming general election, has the follow ing : — ' ' In looking over Mr Warren's lengthy address, we must express ourselves as "satisfied therewith. He appears to have given a good deal of consideration to the different subjects that have agitated the public mind during the past two years. Underjthe heading of Payment of Members, we are glad to notice that he is opposed to the further continuation of the system. There can only be one opinion regarding the principle as carried out by the Vic torians, and that is that the system tends to demoralization ; in fact, the present Parliament of "Victoria is a standing proof of the fact. We are glad to notice also that Mr Warren is prepared to do battle with the present ruinous system of col lecting duties on the borders of Victoria and New South Wale3. In this matter biie tJitJutura lu vruuoiJga auu uuuso m Albury who have votes in the Ovens electorate should know how to act in re gard to supporting the candidate in ques tion. Altogether, the views expounded by Mr Warren are quite up to the require ments of the time, and he therefore ought to receive a very large amount of support." Narrow Escape. — A correspondent furnishes the following Mr Donald Gow's son, who left Harrietville on Friday morning, 30th inst., with the Omeo mail, had a very narrow interview with sudden death. He was riding a horse, with the mail, and when he got as far as the New Chum Reef met with a bush-fire raging ; and a tree having fallen right across the track, he got off to lead his horse round it. At that instant another tree fell right across the saddle and horse, crushing both flat, and remaining there ; he having to return to Harrietville to get an axe to cut the tree away and release the mail bags. Sheep and Cattle Returns. — For the quarter ending 31st December, 11,206 cattle, 90,961 sheep, and 216 horses, were imported ovor tho border into Victoria from New South Wales and Queensland. Application for License Approved. — Jane Edith Simson, 260a, Laceby and Wangaratta South O WUVIWM License Declared Void,— F. W. Dre- vermann, 2r, Hinnomunjie, New License Issued.— John Wells, 19a 2r 20p, Myrtleford, Applications porLicensbsnqt Granted. — Henry Nott, 200a, Norong 5 Alexander Strachan, 320a, Burrowye ; Edward E. Hughes, 3a lr 8p, Oxley ; W. T. Mann, 39a Or 37p, Walwa ; John Graoe, 23a 2r 12p, Gooramadda 5 Hermann Baumgarten, 71a lr 3Sg, Barnawartha North 5 Henry Matthews, 148a 2r 7p, Gooramadda ; Joseph Coulston, 141a, Tangambalanga ; F. 0. Baumgarton, 159a Or 34p, Barna- watha North ; Thoma3 Harris, 38a, Co- bungra. Mr R. Ramsay at East Bouree.— Mr Ramsay addressed a meeting of his oon- j stituents at Wallan Wallan on Friday I evening, and was well received ; as was I also Mr Gillies, who accompanied him. Mr Ramsay referred to the attack made I upon him by Mr Patterson, and also to I me iouowing up ui me cuarges uy sue principal Ministerial organ. He simply denied the statements, and said they were entirely without foundation. A vote of thanks to both Mr Ramsay and Mr Gillies was carried by noolamation. Oxley Shirs Council. — A special meeting of tho Oxley Shire Council was held at the Shire Hall |on Saturday, the 31st January, at 2 p,m, Present : The President (Cr Milne) and Crs Murdoch, Lang, Byrne and Sutton. The net annual value of rateable property within the shire was £27,505 10a, on which a rate of I one shilling was levied — amounting to £1375 6s Gd, which was distributed as fob ! lows : — Eastern Riding, £442 12s ; Cen tral Riding, £405 15s ; Western Riding, I £626 19s Gd ; Total, £1375 6s 6d. Es timated revenue from from all sources, I £3366 19s 2d. Mr Michael Byrne was J appointed, nndor-the seal of the council, to. I demand and collect the rates,. The coun- j cu tnen aajourneoj. New Music.— We have to acknowledge the receipt from Messrs Nicholson and Ascherberg, musio-publishers, of Collins- street East, Melbourne, of a copy of tkeir I new piece of musio entitled " The Happy Land Polka." It is. a beautiful tittle com- I position, and should secure an. extensive sale. Lands Statistics,— Mr Longmore, on I Wednesday (says the " Weekly Times") presented to the Legislative Assembly a j return prepared in the Lands Department to the order of tho House, on the motion ! of Mr Tucker, on 14th August, 1879. The return, which k of an elaborate des cription, showed the total acreage sold by auction and the acresge selected) from I860 to June, 1879, distinguishing town from country lands, and also the price obtained I per aere ; also, the acreage of country I lands selected and afterwards, sold by auc- J tion ; the quantity forfeited ;; the acreage I mortgaged, and the amount of- money jent I thereon ; quantity of' land in cultivation, I tne lanu alienated, ana me inuu m culti vation (excluding land Uftder artificial grass and land in fallow,). The amount receivable by the department on account j of lands held under- hoenoea or leases be fore the Crown grants wili be issued is £4,476,342. Tho total area of public I estate unappropriated (on and up to 30th June, 1879) was 86, 754, $00 acres,, classi- ' fied as follows :-=First class— agricultural I land, 4,594,250 acres ; second clas— -agri- 1 cultural 9.188, 5/90. acroaj pastoral lands, I and unavailable lakes,, lagoons, rivers, and I roads, 22.971,230 acres. The return also I showed the number of employes, and total j cost of the Lands Department,, each year | from I860 to iS79, In the former year £137,318. The lowest yeso?- was 1870, when there, were only 372 employes, the cost being £60,71, and -for 1878-9, 678 employes, at, a coat of £154,347. " This itieluded the grants in aid and miscel- iaceous items, which during 4878,-9 amounted to upwards of £39,000. an, in- vrfease of at least £10, 0C® on any previous year ; and this expenditure canpotstritly in) considered as bahing to the Lands Department proper." 'The above ia. at | taetiad to the return / 1 The Excursion to the Melbourne Juvenile Exhibition. — As several en quiries have been made as to dale on which the proposed excursion to the Melbourne Juvenile Exhibition is to take place, we may 111 -ntion that Mr Edward S. Harris, head laiwin r of the Beechworth State- school, has been in communication with the secretary of the Exhibition Committee, and it is expacted that in the course of a few days definite arrangements will be made. Chilterx Valley Gold-Mining Com pany. — Reefing matters in Chiltern appear to be- looking up a little; the Chiltern Valley Company having obtained 296ozs. last week, being an inciease of about 30ozs. on the previous week. Publication Received. — " The" Illus trated SydneyNews, and New South Wales Agriculturist and Grazier," for December, is to hand ; and is, taken altogether, a most creditable production ; containing as it does, a number of well-executed or»mftwmA>a /an eiiViiaftte YOltltinfr fA "fin Q uugiuriiigo v_»i guvjowwg wo uuw International Exhibition, the trial of the Wantabadgery bushrangers, and " The Festive Season — Father Christmas Accli matized." Two supplements are also issued with this number — one a chromo- lithp- griph entitled " The Haunt of the Lyre Bird ; and the other an almanac of most original device. Accident.— On Saturday afternoon an accident happened to a young lad named George Wells, : of Murmungee, by which his arm was broken! It appears that he was practising cricket on the Murmungee cricket club's ground, and when in the act of following a ball, he stepped upon a log and his foot slipped, through which he was thrown down in a fork of a fallen log, thereby causing the fracture. He was at once conveyed to Beechworth, for medical advice ; but in consequence of the swollen state of the arm, very little could be done at the time. No doubt, however, he. will, under the doctor's care, soon recover the use of the disabled member. wAiMJiiauOiNu mans. — uur correspon dent writes :— There was one portion of the report of Mr Weston's" Mining Board meeting here to "which no one could take exception. I refer, to the statement that the " meeting was a lively one." It was, without doubt, a thoroughly lively one — a pantomime, if you will — or a burlesque —or anything else that will convey the idea of an immense amount of humbug being enacted in a very short time. It will be a source of satisfaction to a large number of miners here to know that the efforts to procure the forfeiture of the Peabody lease of thirty-two acres have, after the ; ground having been held un- worked for several years; at last proved successful ; the " Gazette" of Friday last containing notice of forfeiture. There are a few others that should meet the same fate, and now is the time to use a little exertion in that direction, which, if properly, undertaken, would, no doubt, result in the same satisfactory manner. Mining Mems. — A correspondent fur nishes us with the following mining memo randa : — It ha3 been reported that Mr Wm. Wye has discovered a reef, likely to yield four ounces to the ton, on some of the spurs of the Dargo, in the Dividing Range. The discovery is in an entirely newcountry. iJrtnri of An a lien noarr onwrin frvn« J in i voww" wmvitw atuo wu'.il uuliu auuuu 111 ullts j old Happy Valley Reef, and also a rich I leader discovered in the Christmas Reef, I at Running Creek, giving hopes of a mining revival in that part ef the district. Novel Entertainment. — It is announced in our business columns that " Beda," the one legged wonder, gymnast, daneer and bicycle performer, lately connected with I Cooper and Bailey's Gircus, will give a (torchlight performance at the corner of (Ford and Church streets, Beechworth. j this (Tuesday) evening. From the various | critiyues which his performances have elicited from the newspapers connected with the several towns in the colonies which he has professionally visited, we predict that the entertainment this even- I ing will be a most unique one, and should be extensively patronised. Destruction of John Wesley's Chapel by Fire. — Early on Sunday morning, Deo. 7, the Wesleyan Chapel in the City- road was almost entirely destroyed by fire. The foundation-stone was laid by Wesley himself on April 21, 1777, and since the j opening or the building in November, J 1778, it has been the centre to which the I eye of every Methodist throughout the j world instinctively turned. It was re garded as the " cathedral of Methodism," | and no spot was historically so precious I and interesting to a Methodist, none that J appealed so powerfully to his imagination I and hi3 affections, as the chapel and man- e | and burial-ground (where Wesley and other illustrious Wesleyans are interred) of the City-road, near the Royal Artillery Barracks. The building consisted of a principal chapel and galleries, capable of accommodating 2000 people ; a smaller structure, known as "John Wesley's i morning chapel," and sundry class-rooms ' and vestries. The larger chapel possessed a very beautiful fresco oeiling. The entire building was warmed by a hot-air appa ratus, and there was no do w'ot that the fire originated in the flue. It was first observed early in the morning by a police man. who at once aroused the Rev .Tnbn (Baker, M. A., the resident minister. At ( this time the flames had a strong hold ( upon morning oliapel. Messengers | were despatched for the fire engines, and j in a brief period several steamers were on the spot, Captain Shaw being present to j direct operations. Unfortunately, however, ( great difficulty was experienced in obtaining J water, the intense frost having fixed the plugs ( so. hard ti&at; fuUyhalf-an-hour was occupied in moving them. The conflagration spread | rapidly,, and by the time water was ob tained it was evident that the lnornin" chapel was doomed.. It is, in fact, utterly destroyed. From the small building the flames extended to the chief chapel, seizing upon tho gallery running alon-' the whole length of the left side of3 the building. This has. been entirely con sumed, and the back of' the ohapel ( in form of a samicirole) has been thoroughly gutted.. In this portion of the building stocd the communion table, surrounded by monuments,, including one recently erected at a cost of £1000 to the memory of tho late Dr Waddy, father of Mr S. D. HT_ aji._ A r rru .1 _ , Yvaojcty', .u, xhq ouier monuments have J seriously suffered, . but not to the extent j that, might have been expected, consider ing the great heat to which they were exposed. The beautiful ceiling before mentioned k irreparably damaged, and it is doubtful whether the roof can be saved. The graceful columns supporting the galleries are burnt r considerable distance down one side ; in fact, the entire interior is. very much, injured- The pulpit, however, from which John Wesley preached, has fortunately been preserved, and the vestries at the back have practically escaped.. The buildings are insured in the Phoenix office for £7000.— Some News. Accidext. —William Muir, a guard on ' a.\uilu unorou iiiCb WIUI «t URSty accident, when in charge of the mornin« train from Benalla to Wangaratta on Wednesday. . Since the Kelly outrages the guard have been , armed , with revolvers, and in shifting his weapon from a shelf in the van-to thin seat by the side 6f him, one of the' chamfeis exploded 'and shattered hia thiimb -. He. was relieved at Wangsv raiia. and cnfcftrftd iJift hnnnikl I Vorth-ifeisteEn Euaign."v V \ . iiE as&;j3U3ov£U. — ilauiftl LyncbL 77& i The Electoral Rolls for the Beechworth Division. — We are re quested to state that the complete electoral rolis for the Beechworth Division of the Ovens electorate (both general and rate payers') have been printed, and are in the hands of the Beechworth registrar (Mr W. T. Soulby), at whose office copies can be purchased, at the moderate sum of three pence per copy. The. amount must be paid in fee stamps, in the' usual manner. Those desirous of securing copies should apply early, as a considerable demand for pos session of the rolls has already set in, we are informed. False Alarm. — The inhabitants of Beechworth were alarmed at about a quarter to nine o'clock on Monday evening by the-firebell ringing ont its dread notes. The fire-brigade promptly turned out t® the summons, and an eager crowd assem bled in Ford-street, to learn the where abouts of the conflagration. They were, we are happy to say, doomed to disappoint ment ; for the cause of the alarm proceeded num UIIC ui t.ic umiiiiieys 111 uuuiieuuiuii with the Bank of New South Wales having taken fire, and which caused a lurid glare in the immediate locality. Mr G. "V. Smith. — This gentleman, elsewhere in this issue notifies that he will publicly appear in various parts of the electorate during the present week- commencing at Barnawartha on Tuesday (tin's) evening. ' - Stanley Athenum and Free Li brary. — The ' annual meeting of sub scribers to the Stanley Athemeum and Free Library was held in the reading- room of the institution, "on Saturday evening, 24th inst. The report and balance-sheet laid before the meeting proved to be very, satisfactory, and the subscribers showed their confidence in the retiring officers and members of com mittee, by re-electing them— viz., Mr John Mathieson (president), Mr Pettigrew (vice- president), Mr Page (hon. treasurer), Sir Hector Matheson (hon. secretary), aiiu. -uxeaais ouuia, DUW, nousion ana Newton (committeemen). Messrs Craw ford and Craig were also elected members of committee, and Messrs Tidyman and Fitzwater auditors. The Municipal Association. — The next meeting of the Beechworth group of municipalities in connection with the Municipal Association of Victoria will be held at Wangarratta at ten o'clock a.m. on Thursday, 11th March. Candidates.— Mr John Keys, one of the Conservative candidates for South Bourke, addressed a meeting at Dande- dong on Saturday. Mr Thos. Shaw also held a large meeting at Camperdown the same day. The three members for Man- durang are commencing their campaign, aud intend speaking in every part of the constituency. Messrs Gillies and Fraser are also feeling their way, and there is little doubt but what they will again be returned. Mr Francis proceeds shortly to Warrnambool ; and Mr Murray Smith will, in all probability, have a walk over at Booroondara. Mr Laior has announed that he will address a meeting at Bacchus Marsh on Saturday, in conjunction with his colleague, Mr Ree3. Mr Service ad dresses his constituents at Maldon on the 12 th instant. "'""j — in an prooaouity the general election will take place about . the 27th inst. The Government intend to take the maximum time between the dissolution and the election, owing to the questions before the country being of such importance. It is expected that the Governor will prorogue Parliament on Thursday, and that the dissolution will take place on Monday. The writs would then be issued on the 14th inst. How is It 1 — An amusing instance of a Member of Parliament being " cornered" at a public meeting last week. Mr Dow, M.L.A., was speaking at Crowlands, and after his address, expressed his willing, ness to answer questions.- One elector, "a nian who : "follows the plough," and accord- ing to Mr Berry, can know nothing of politics, asked the, member the following question How is it I can buy a Lennon's plough for £9 in Sydney, and have t© pay £13 in Melbourne ?" Mr Dow could not understand this, and said he would ask Mr Lennsn about it, — f Tele graph." Disastrous Fire at Boomanoomana. — At about five o'clock on Wednesday morning (says the " News") a disastrous fire broke out at the sawmills 011 Booma noomana home station.' The shed was built of colonial pine, and the flames spread rapidly. Only a few people were about at' the time," and before assistance could be procured the building and its contents were reduced to ashes. The mill was fitiied up with all the latest improve ments. The engine,- of 8-horse power, sawmill gear, a post-boring machine, and about 3000 posts are the principal items destroyed — the whole loss being roughly estimated at £1500. The origin ofthe fire is unknown. When the flames were first seen, just after daylight, they seemed confined to the south end of the mill shed, opposite to where the engine was situated,' and where 110 fire was ever lighted. Locomotives. — Two locomotive engines for the Victorian railways have (says the " Arcms"\ inaf. Iwan imn/nloJ t , — o — , j— - ame- 1 rica at a cost of £2900 each. The maker is Baldwin, of Philadelphia. Mr Woods ex plains that he has merely imported them as pattern engines, his intention being to take both- to - pieces and examine their parts and construction,' with the view of ascertaining .whether they would suit the Victorian railways. There are 110 fewer than seven kinds of locomotives on our lines, and Mr Woods, holding that. uni formity is desirable, is iMiduavorinc to as- certain which is the best adopted for our requirements before making a final selec tion. As, however the engine power of the department is at present very weak the specimen" will be at once employed and the examination of them deferred for a time. Border Traffic.— The " Wahcmnvah and RutherglenNe" states 18/ 9 the exports to Victoria via Wahum yah were as follows : — Wool, 9,108,3831b or an increase of 2,000,2791b. over the re turns for the previous, year. The value of the wool export was £327,303. Live stock were exported as follow :— Cattle i i Taiuecl at £56,864 ; horses, 113 valued at £1,403 ; sheep, 177,198, valued at £7 8,651, ; total value of live stock exported, £126,819. Total value of exports to Victoria for the year, via Wah- gunyah, £473,001,. This includes minor exports to the value of £8,780. During peno5 imPorts to the value of at o wm river into New South Wales at Corowa." 