GrUNNINGr. Bos-FarEs. -These have been very prevalent hereabouts lately. On last Friday a fire started on the Collingwvood estate some time in the morning, and.as it unfortunately happonod duriug the absence of most of the family, when help arrived about ten or eleven o'clock the fire had gained strong headway, and it took the united efforts, of from tweinty to thirty inen to get in under control, which was not accomplished until nearly ten o'clock at night, and not until a large amount of grass and a great quantity of fencing and timber hladr been destroyed.. I was informed that the scene presented at night was very grand, as all the standing timber on the. burned tract was dead-and very dryi; and each old tree was a mass of glowing light and heat. -Extensive fires 'have also been raging during the week along the Collector road. These, I understand, have been the work of incendiaries; the object being to burn some fencing. This seems' to me a dastardly. act, and if it can be brought home to the perpetrator, he 'deserves the severest punishment. Electoral List.-I have been requaested to mention that the rdvised electoral rolls are lying for in. spection at the office of the C.P.S., and all who are entitled to a vote should interest themselves to see that their names are included in the list: ..Railway Extonsion.--A general meeting of .thie railway league formed in this district to promote the object of the Cooma. extension starting from Gunning will be held at the courthouse in Gunda roo on next Saturday. The business to come before the meeooting may be very important, and as many of our local committee as can possibly attend should be present, as Gunning is as deeply interested in the success of this measure as Gundaroo or anyotheor piece on the line. . . ' ."• SI see by the Herald that.owing to the deoidod fall in flour the Goulburn bakers hlave reduced the price of broad j. a loaf, I notice in Gunning that while flour .lhas met with a corrnesponding.fall in price, bread is still sold at eId. per lonf. I thlink it is no more than riglht. that when there is such a fall in wheat and flour, the people, and especially the poor people, should reap some of the benefit by a corres ponding fall in thie price of the staff of life. Some of our good friends in Gooulburn must thiek .thatwe live so far away in thie bush up here that we are not able to keep ourselves posted in tIe market reports. The other day a certain party in this town had a large quantity of geese to dispose of- splendid birds, none better ever go into the marlket. He wrote to a producedealer in Goelburn in roforoeco to tlhem, and received a reply that if they were landed in Goulburn he would give 4/- per ,pair for theme-at the same time the marlcert quotation ien Goulburn was from 5/6 to 6/6 peir pair. Some of our Ooulburn friends must thilek their country cousins are exces sively green. Mr. W. T. Busby, manager of thie Commercial Bank, started for Syduey os Sunday night for a lshort vacation, which he is certainly entitled to, and which lhas been necessarily postponed from time to time for several monthls. Mr. Budd, from thie Ciol burn branchl, will perform Mr. Busby's duties during tlhat gentlemna's absoence. 