News of: the Week. This can scarcely bs beaten at any other S. A. outport. The barque Sophia; which has been loading at Dunn & Co's. jetty, Port Augusta, with wheat, in 35 working hours, received on board 3220 bags of wheat, The Athena also had 2000 bags put on board by Messrs. Gooch and Hay ward in 12 working hours.—P. A. Dispatch. A fairly-attended temperance entertainment was held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, Port, on Friday evening last, the Rev. A. Stubbs presiding. Addresses were given by the Chairman and Messrs. W. F. Fennell and W. J. Sowden, and recitations by Mr. Richards and others. Miss Rosa Middleton acted as pianiste, and solos were also nicely rendered on the pianoforte by Mr. and Mrs. J. Bennett, Miss Ballantyne, and Miss Emily Bollen. A vocal duet was given by Mr. J. Bennett and Miss R. Middleton, and solos were rendered by the Misses Saunders, Renphrey, Hall; and Ballantyne. The evening passed very- pleasantly, and at the close ,of the entertainment the services rendered were acknowledged by the Chairman' as President, of the Port Band of Hope, to the funds of which the proceeds were devoted. Mr. Stephens, Sec. Marine Board, has received an intimation from the receiver of wrecks at Fowler's Bay, who reports having found a namehoard with the name '' Craigendbroch,'' in blue. The board was about 12 feet long. He also found a portion of a royalmast, uppertop- sail-yardarm, portions of a quarterdeck, a deadeye, a wooden fender, broken pieces of masts (evidently split against rocks), the stern of a longboat painted white inside and out, a boat's rudder, some broken oars and staves, a few pieces of guttapercher and indiarubberbber, and part of a figurehead, four and a-half miles west of the Bight. A few. spars were seen on the beach eastward of the place. Mr. Stephens says there may be some doubt as to whether Mr. Richards read the letters on the nameboard correctly. He has looted through the "Mercantile Register" of ships for 1879, and the only name, he could find resembling it was the Craigendarroch. Picnic parties at the Semaphore have a most reprehensible practice of throwing broken glass bottles upon the beach, which is fraught with danger to bathers. as was proved on Tuesday night when a lad, whilst bathing, trod on a piece of glass, which severely lacerated one of his feet. This is not the only accident of the kind which we have heard, of lately, and it is to be hoped that such serious effects will lead to a discontinuance of the cause. By good fortune and the bravery of a man named R. Gillitly a serious casualty was prevented at the new Dock on Tuesday night. Gillitly and two other men, only one of whom could swim, were bathing in the Dock at one of the "slides" at the north end, the two swimmers venturing out into deep water and the other man paddling about on the "slide." By some means howe vet, the latter slipped off into about 25ft. of water, and began to sink, the while crying lustily for help. The cries attracted Gillitly's attention, and by dint of considerable exertion he contrived to get the drowning man back on the slide, and thus to save his life. It is mentioned by our informant as a somewhat strange circumstance that the man's companion seemed to take no notice of his cries for assistance, and certainly did not make, any effort to save him, but continued disporting himself in the water as though nothing unusual was happening. Such conduct deserves as much censure as that of Gillitly does praise. Sergeant Bentley, S. A. police officer 26 years, has died suddenly in Adelaide. Several cases of choleraic diarrhoea have recently occurred, and persons should be careful not to imbibe, whilst heated, too freely of cold Two women fought near Sydney ; one fell over quarry : a broken leg. Mr. Palmer, solicitor,. Port Pirie, died suddenly, Sunday night; apoplexy. A bushman stabbed a prostitute in the "Shamrock" on Monday sight; no serious result. Extensive fire Kangaroo Island, Saturday. Carriage-inspector Phillips, N. S. W., killed by engine, . Bush-fires have during the week wrought such a transformation at Kingston that, a telegraphist avows that "nothing but smoke was to be seen round the township." Mr. Barnes, proprietor of the Wharf Hotel Port, was driving in a buggy from the Port to Woodville on Tuesday afternoon; and when turning, sharply from Lipson-street. into the Grand junction road the vehicle capsized. Mr: Barnes was thrown out on the road with considerable force, and somewhat seriously bruised, the buggy also being very much shattered. The horse fortunately remained quiet, and with the assistance of Cr. Bridgman, who happened to be passing at the time, Mr. Barnes managed to repair the damage sufficiently to enable him to drive back to the Port. The Coffee Tavern, Hindley-street, Adelaide, is yielding excellent returns. Improvements contemplated. Port seaward arrivals last week, 364; departures, 105. Fire, Gawler railway-station, Tuesday ; little damage. Citizens decide to gas-light streets. Oddfellows, M.U.—Annual Board Meeting, Adelaide, Tuesday. Mr. W. ,E. Mattinson, G.C. S., was the only representative from this district. Total income for year, £5476 18s. 4d.; expenditure, £3533 19s. Stock account.— Profit, £38 19s. 3d. Peter Pound shot his stepfather, Norwood, Monday. Severe wounds, but recovering. "Money" supposed to be at root of affair. Rogan and Scott, bushrangers, executed Sydney, Tuesday. Press excluded. Scott has left a written confession. His last words were addressed to Rogan: "Good- bye, Tom; we've made a sad mistake." Several cases sunstroke during the week. Extensive fires raged in the hills surrounding the city on Tuesday night and Wednesday. Much damage. An entertainment was given in the York Rechabite Hall on Tuesday evening by the members of the local Good Templar Lodge, assisted by a few Mends from Adelaide. The hall was crowded almost to excess, and the committee expect to be well repaid for their trouble. Mr. W. B. Stevens presided. After the Chairman's address solos, duets, trios, quartettes, readings, recitations, and "scenes" were very creditably given by the Misses Henson, Stevens, and Burford ; Mesdames A. Berry and S. Dowling; Messrs. Silletto, Hubbard. A.. Smart, Day (Port), Jarrett, Crowe, Sykes, Potter, Poore. and A. Berry. After the entertainment the performers were kindly entertained by Mr. Headdey with coffee and other refreshments. The local Knight of the Hammer advertises an alteration of his weekly sale-night from Saturday to Wednesday. The donor of the archaeological curiosities to the Port Museum is Mr. Leffler—not Seffler, as printed in our last. There has been erected in the Town Hall yard, Port, a small galvanized-iron building, in which to test the scheme brought before the Council last week by M. LeBlanc, for removing water-closet accumulations with a minimum of expense and effluvium. A public trial of Humble, and Nicholson's washing machine, was conducted by the local agents, Messrs. Day and Collins, at the Semaphore on Tuesday afternoon, There were a good many ladies present, and they expressed their satisfaction with the test. Some very dirty towels and sheets were thoroughly cleansed in ten minutes. Several orders were given. A hairbreadth escape from a painful accident was experienced two or three nights since by a child about five years old, at the-Exeter railway- platform. He had just left the train, and was running down the steps at the northern end of the platform when he stumbled and fell with his head under the footboard and almost touch- ing the wheels of the train, which was in motion. Fortunately the youngster had. presence of mind enough to remain quite still, and by doing so averted serious consequences. This is how an ingenious Portonian got the better of a shipping clerk for one of the Yorke's Peninsula steam-lines. It was on Tuesday afternoon. Just before the steamer started for—say, Port Lincoln—the I.P. ran hastily up to the clerk, bearing a parcel: "Oh, here's a little bundle left behind last trip by —(showing the address) ; you'll take it, of course?" "Half-a-crown: we take it; no half- crown : we " leave it—them's our terms " "But— " "Can't help it; half-a- crown!" "All right; collect when you deliver." Here the clerk was understood to express curiosity as to whether his interlocutor could detect an emerald tint in one of his optics, but his peroration was—"No you don't; two-and-six cash, we deliver; no two-and-six cash?—take it away." Was the I. P. nonplussed, and did he pay the half-crown? Scarcely. During the dialogue- lie had espied on board a passenger with whom'he claimed slight acquaintance. Greetings over : "Oh, by-the-bye, Mr. C— , will you be good enough to take charge of this small parcel for — "Certainly" (taking possession of it.) " Hold a bit," quoth the clerk, and related the circumstances, adding, "If you take it you'll pay for it; 'tain't passengers' luggage when it's addressed to other folk." The I.P. was equal to the occasion : "Kindly hand me the parcel, Mr. C And when that gentleman complied, to alter the name on the parcel to that of the passenger, to take leave of his friend, to "chaff" the irate clerk, to receive that aggrieved individual's blessing, and to leisurely vanish with a self-satisfied smirk o'erspreading his features, occupied our ingenious and ingenuous townsman but one brief moment. P.C. Carson, for some years stationed at Alberton, has resigned his position in the Police Force, and received the appointment of Bailiff to the Port Local Court. A man named Campbell, a storekeeper in Ship-street, Port, met with a rather serious accident last week, on the Port-road. He was driving in a dray heavily laden with vegetables and fruit, down the incline below the Hope Inn, when the tire came off one of the wheels, and the felloes and spokes gave way. The horse taking fright, bolted, and Campbell was thrown out and rendered unconscious. Assistance arrived, and the sufferer was conveyed to his home, and is recovering rapidly. As the 6.55 train from Dry Creek was proceeding past the cleaning-shed on Wednesday evening the engine ran off the line, and was slightly damaged. On Tuesday, at Rosewater, a child named Melville fell into a large pot of soup which had been left by his mother on the floor of the kitchen for a moment, whilst she was attending to some household duty in another room. Hi right arm and breast were severely scalded. Dr. Mortimer's skill was called into requisition, and the child is recovering. As one of Messrs. Haddy's drivers was proceeding with a horse and dray over Jervois Bridge on Wednesday se'n night a collision occurred with a vehicle driven in an opposite direction by an employ of Messrs. W. and T. Rhodes. A portion of the shaft of the latter vehicle was driven into Messrs. Haddy's horse's breast, and caused a nasty wound about nine inches in length, extending to the upper part of the shoulder. We have pot been able to ascertain which of the drivers was to blame. 