ilCSU-FiHEti IX THE YOU YASG& <From the Geefong 4<fwrt»Vr correspondent) Within the past fen- weeks the transformation of our verdant plains has. been veiy rapid. Consequently, great fears were entertained by lamlholdcrs that owing to the unusual almndance of grass, bush-fires .would certainly be experienced unless the utmost precaution was exhibited in the nse of matches, pipes, and other inflammable transmitters. Tlie recent influx of the "sporting gentiy" in quest of rabbits raised this .expectation to the highest pitch: and, notwithstanding that the shootists had been warned in the . Adrrrlbrr, tad then strongly cautioned as they arrived here, numbers confidently predicted the presence of the Kjrtsmen would culminate in a fire.before ie termination of the holidays. These pre- dictions were, unfortunately, realised at about - noon ou Sunday, and when, but for tbe promptitude of a large and commendable gaoiering of volunteers,. resident in the locality, there is iittle doubt bat I would now have to chronicle the particulars of one of the greatest calamities that ever visited the district The first fire, for, as I apprehend, there were three of thorn, originated near the cattle-yards at the foot of Station Peak, and was soon overpowered by those who, I presume, were responsible for it —the shooters—not, however, before the yards were totallydestroyed. In about half an hour after, a second and quite distinct conflagration, some distance from the scene of JTo. I, broke out, and. fanned by the strong wind that was blowing, spread np the adjacent hill-side, and rapidly across two large paddacks in the occupation of Messrs Mathews Brothers. Great difficulty was experienced in saving the dwelling ol the boundaiy rider in charge of Messrs Mathews' stock. All the outbuildings were reduced to ashes, and only by the willing help' of the neighbors was the dwelling rescued, as the. flames were licking the weatherboards. Praise is due to Mounted-constable Mackay and Messrs M'Lean and Liston for the manner in which they- exerted themselves. The constable, it must be remarked, was very diligent throughout the afternoon in eiving advice and assistance in various" ways. \- • •--'J irii .iLiTTaj^T -th- Tread of this '••! tl:-i -. ;' •'••• <•' M-. ''.^hews' sheep 1 • • ,-T'.-- -ihey.could lie . . ,.I - • ' '..; I ; . • The metalled' -roit.U Wuutjug XclW? adtag as a banfer to the progress of -tfee flames, the fire subdued by dint of some reritarfwort Wo sboni^'hiMrever, was'Ike'fire than a third outbreak of the devouring e element was nbserreil near 'Fawcetts GoliV, ^ in tho vicinity of Mr Joh» : Henry e pro-, and thither the fire-fightera liately hastened. A couple of jrork tiien ensued, the firo ihwilc all efforts making steadily (mows tile plains.. At one time Mr J^emVo stacks aa& Swelling were in imminent danger; lint a strong reinforcement arriving from Balkan, "" the united efibrts of the -Rilling wsrkers Boon ariwt»*litaj>rQgtt»s,aad finally Seating the fire into the CtaTOnuhent Mad, the workers quickly ex&agmsbed; it Aa inapection of the sifee$ where fine originated revealed the fact that the cifeninal neglipence of camping parties was responsible for the Conflagrations. Three different caini pras Were fiwud with tin remains eti of j ^notddering. and it only seeded a gust wind to lift a spark into fee withered-grass,' but a few feet distant—hence the result, l The <wa£s wvfe, of WCse, all deserted; tke guilty an noticutf^ the extent of thrtr femwrork, rushed.off pell-mell in all «3ir<cetiona, leaving their Jwt- jty behind theminttKii hurry to escape the reward so richly dwe to tbem. It ia difficrff; to compute tba amount of grass destroyer:—the 'fire, owing to the, *-eiy strong and Peering wind, bartMg in; strips. Messrs ISathews Brothers wd Jttr Henry have bottlost a considerable anwant of lencing; bat tiftsis only a trifle in ^ovaparteL on with what>the * consequences woaVS L "W< hove! been but for the timely aid in -averting a disastrous ciSiflagration. The hocr,. too, at which the fire occurred. {raSd-d^y), •was very opportune, as at that time €be various churches 'in the townsliqi .Bad |ast emptied themselves of a numerous of worshippers, who lost no time in making for the convincing gronnd. It is now the attention of all the residentsin the district to use the most stringent measures in'prevesting a repetition of Sunday last, and to all trespassers in quest of any kind of gHneonnst be prohibited. 