NEWS OF THE WEEK. A strange phenomenon, resembling a huge comet, was visible in the southern sky last night about 9 o'clock. It was the object of much curiosity and interest. On Saturday last tho monument which tho Government intend to place over tho grave of the late Senior-constablo Iiowon arrived in Gundagai. It weighs nearly three tons. Thomas Freer, of Adelong, Coach-driver, has surrendered his estate. Liabilities, £84 16s 6d. Assets, £10 15s. We notice that the top price of wheat at Young is 3s 9d per bushel. Ia Sydney the ruling price would seem to be from 4s 6d to 5s, and considering that wheat cannot be landed in Sydney from this district under 14dper bushel, allowing for carriage, bags, commission 4c., it will scarcely pay producers to send it down at that price. There has, however, been a great failure of- the crop in Russia, and in consequence instead of being as usual a large exporter the Russian journals ore discussing the expediency of importing wheat from America. This ought in a short time to cause a considerable advance in the Australian article. WE notice by the metropolitan , journals that Mr. H. Alpen, who was a resident o£ Tumut some years ago, and who hasbeen, until -lately, residing in Albury, has removod to Sydney, and recently took part in a concert - in aid of the funds of tho Petersham Literary and Debating Society. The ' Town and Country Journal ' says: — 'Professor. Alpen has been appointed by the Council of Education to assist Mr. J. C. Fisher in teaching singing in the public schools. The professor sometimes plays very choice pianoforte music in the German court. If he is (and we suppose he is) as good a teacher of vocal music as he is a pianist, he will be a de cided acquisition to the musical public of our city.' Mb. W. Love, P.M., has been ompowerod to exorcise at Gundagai and Cootamundra, for an additional period of two years, the powers authorised to. be given to police magistrates by tho second section of the Clerk of Petty Sessions Act, 1857. ? * ' A collection will be made in tho Roman Catholic Churches and Chapels in this diocese on Sunday next in aid of the Irish Famine Relief Fund. We may state that tho money so collected will he paid over to the general fund for transmission to Ireland. The central com mittee in Sydney have received through Mr. Grigor Taylor a telegram from London, giving tho names of some of tho Relief Committee in Ireland, sent, it is presumed, for circulation, to strengthen the hands of the reliof committees formed here, by showing how tho movement has tho patronage and support of the leading people of all classes. Among the names are : — Edmund Dwyor Gray, M.P., Lord Mayorof Dublin ; Mr. M. Brooks, M.P. ; Mr. G. Browne, M.P. ; Mr. J. C. Colville, M.P.-; Mr. J. Frosto, High Sheriff of Clare; Right Hon. E. Gibson, Attorney-General for Ireland; Sir Arthur Guinness, M.P. ; the Earl of Meath, Viscount Monck; the O'Conor Don, M.P. ; ViBcount Powerscourt ; Captain E. R. King-Harmon, M.P. ; the Catholic Archbishop of Dublin ; R. C. Trench, Protestant ArchbiBhop of Dublin ; the Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Churoh, and those of other members of Parliament and influential gentle men. The ' Jewish Herald ' is the title of a very neat monthly periodical published in Melbourne in the interests of Judaism in the Australian colonies. The contents are carefully written and well arranged, and everything of interest to our Hebrew friends is noted. Not only to Jews, but to people professing other faiths, are tho contents worthy of perusal, and much in formation is afforded by this excellent paper to tho world at largo. The following extracts will serve to illustrate some of the reading matter , published ' Judge Mellor (1873), summing up a case of offence which, as he said, was ! calculated to oxcite the prejudice and violence of the ignorant, thus addressed the jury — ' No man need be ashamed of being a Jew, but under .some circumstances (as in the present instance), the name was used as a word of reproach. A Jew had a lineage to be proud of if anybody had, and the Jews, of all persons in tho world, hod, in point of race, influenced the destinies of mankind more than any other race. But, independently of Scriptur&l; knowledge, everyone should think that there was no im peachment of reproach in the name of .Jew.' ' And again ' At the' recent trial of the New South Wales bushrangers, his Honor, Judge Windeyer, in' summing up, is reported to have said : — ' The law holds everyone responsible for his actions unless he can show the peculiar circumstances in the way of coercion. The only kind of coercion which the law demands as an oxcuse is coercion by actual force ; 'but if a man choose to shoot a. person because another person threatens him even with death, the law holds him responsible. It is a man's duty to die rather than to commit a crime in that way.'' This ruling of the learned . judge is entirely in koeping with the Jewish law, which makes it incumbent upon the Jew rather to give up his own life than to commit one of these .three crimes— murder, idolatry, and incest.' ' : Con cerning education, the same journal rays: — — ' Eighty years before the Christian era, schools flourished throughout the length ' and breadth of the land ; education had been made compulsory. While there is not a single term for ' school' to be found before tho. captivity, there were by that time about a dozen in common usage. Hero are a few of the- innu- merable popular sayings of the period, betoken ing the paramount importance which public instruction had assumed in the life of the nation : — ' Jerusalem was destroyed, because the instruction' of the young was neglected.' ' Tho world is only saved by the breath of the school children.' ' Even for the rebuilding of the Temple the schools must not be interrupted.' ' Study is more meritorious than sacrifice.' ' A scholar is greater than a prophet.' ? ' You Bhould revere the teacher even more than your father. The latter only brought you into, this world ; the former indicates the way into the next. But blessed is' the 'son who has learnt from his father ; he shall; revere him both as his father and his master; and blessed is the father who has instructed his son.' ' A land sale will ho hold at Gundagai on the I 3rd. March. ? . A meeting of commonors of the North Gun- - dagai commons was held at Fry's hotel on Saturday aftornoon last, for the purpose of electing trustees for tho ensuing threo years, in room of Messrs. H. Russoll, J. W. Fry, John O'Sullivan, Bibo, and Walker, -whoso term of office had expired by ofQuxion of time. On tho motion of Dr. McKillop, seconded by Mr. W. McCook, tho outgoing trustees were all ro-olected unanimously. Since Gundagai was visited by the Moonlite 1 gang somo of the residents nppear to have a. strange fear of bushrangors, and the most trivial circumstances sometimes lead people to believe that they are the object; of attention at the hands of somo notorious ruffians. This is especially so when one retireS'-to rest after a heavy' supper, as was the casfi' wlth a.worthy Boniface a night or two ago, who, after regaling himself with ox-tail soup and bottled porter, sought his virtuous couch about Midnight. 'He had not been long asleep when he heard, or; fapcied he heard, a loud knocking at the back: entrance of his hotel, and at once springing up he rushed out by the front door to report-the matter to Senior-sergeant Carroll ; but 'ere he. arrived at the barracks he changed his mind, and turned homewards; ?? Now we don't bbliove, :that Bonifooe really., thought. -his Muso was attacked by bushrangers, 'fiir- had he dohe' So it is our strong opinion that;-' like' Rog&'n, he would have crawled under the bed instead- of rushing out of the front door. Moral : Beware of ox-tail soup and porter before retiring to; rest. On Wednesday last a son of Mr. Tabor's of Coolac, was riding along the Monoy Money road, -when the pony he was riding fell with him, and the lad sustained a fracture of the knee cap. He was brought into town the same night, and Dr. McKillop did what was necessary to the injured limb. Dysentery is prevalent amongst adults and children in town and neighbourhood at present. The newly erected portion of Leary's Criterion Hotel affords additional accommoda tion to families and travellers. Tho two front rooms are large, loft}', well ventilated, and handsomely furnished, and the bedroomB at the rear are a decided improvement on the old ones in the hotel. When Mr. Leary completes the building according to the plan prepared, it will be a pleasing architectural addition to the town. A wine licenso was yesterday granted to Mr. James Turner of Adelong Crossing by Mr. Love, P.M., and Messrs. Elworthy and A. S. Smith. The following have been elected tjpistees of the Adelong permanent and tempol 1'V com mons for tho ensuing three years: — Messrs. John Tonking, William Davidson, Geo. Tainsh, John Causon, and Thomas Whitely. The following have been elected trustees of tho permanent 'and temporary commons at Tumut for tho ensuing three years: Messrs. George John Hoad, William' Himsworth, Patk.' Lonergan, Robert Taylor, and Henry Foord. A Court of Land Inquiry will be held at Gundagai on tho 1 1th, at Tumut on the 15th March. The weather in Gundagai at present is seasonable, and although the sun may be hot during the day the evenings are breezy, cool and pleasant. Sincq our last issue tho thermometer has rarely exceeded 80 deg. in the shade. The herbage iB ? becoming brown and yellow and rain is much needed. An engine- driver on the Victorian railway! committed suicide the other day by drinking a solution of carbolic acid. The 'Northern Argus' (South Australia)' has been shown by Mr. Axford, manager of Mr. Angas's Hill River estate, a sample of wheat new to this colony. In England it produced as high as 80 bushels to tho acre, and it promises to be very prolific in this province. The heads are large and open, and the grain has a rich and plump appearance. Mr. Axford only received a small quantity of seed; consequently, the area sown was very limited, but the increase this season will enable him to give it a fair trial next year. Red rust was plainly 'risible on the straw, but the grain did not appear to bein j ured by the presence of the disease. The following official statement showing the number and total area of conditional selections taken up from January 1 , 1862, to November 30, 1879,' was made in the Assembly lately by the Minister for Lands, in answer to a question : — Selections cancelled — 15,993 ; having a total of 1,901,870a 3r. Selections forfeited— 7928 ; 801,490a. lr. Selections lapsed — - 10,377 ; 842,489a 2r. Difference remaining conditionally purchased — 88,010 ; 10,905,137a. Total : Selec ti6ns, 122,310 ; area, 14,450,987o 3r. VjtfiimJier of selections and areas remaining good after de duction of cancellations, forfeitures, and lapp ings — 88,010 selections ; 10,905,127 acres area. (2.) Conditional purchases, ? onvIwhipTE| -0$ declarations stand, ' as follows':— ApprwWU- *42,805; area, 5,000,221a,. 2r 29p.\'Not yet approved — 24,252; area, 2,849, 555a 3r 19p. Due, but not yet received — 2366; area, 359,263a lr 32p. *Mom. — Conditional purchases declared upon prior to August, 1875, are considered dis posed of, and only specially endorsed as approved,' or so notified on application^' (3.) The total number of selections 'upon ' which grants have issued is 0828; the total area of' land contained theirin iB 545, 119a3r 8p. ' ?3jJoLE8rTclatcs tho following: — 'You have been,' said Mb worship to the gentleman in the dock, ' guilty of a very serious offence, for which you must be imprisoned without option of fino.' Then Jurning to his fellow-justice he said in a stage whisper, quite within hearing of the prisoner, ' I think a fortnight in the lock up will meet tho case. What do you say ?' His worthy brother magistrate coincided, but tho constable of the . police station pointed out circumstanccs, which need' not be mentioned, 1 rendered a prolonged incarceration in the lock- j up impossible. ' Well,' again whispers his worship, ' it's hardly worth while sending him a hundred miles to jail for only a fortnight — ' Serious expense to the Government, you know — let's give him a month.' And they did. j £10,000 has been subscribed in Melbourne for the Irish Famine Fund, and there is a large ' amount to come in. I One of the blots on tho inner life of tho Jews in Russia and Poland, viz., early marriages, is about to bo removed by a goneral decree of tho Government. Males will not be permitted to marry under 20, nor females under 15 yoars of ago. Mr. Hervey, plaintiff in a cause at tho recent session of the Grafton district court, be fore his Honor Judgo Hurray, failed in his action in consequence of his Honor's summing up. In tho afternoon Mr. Hervey was observed distributing printers' slips of a letter to one of the local papers, reflecting on his Honor's con duct as a judge; Not satisfied with this, he entered the court, and asked tho bailiff to givo a copy to tho judge, who was sitting on the bonch. His Honor, in reply, called upon him to Bhow cause why ho should not ho adjudged guilty of j contempt of court. Of course, Mr. Hervey was unable to Bhow cause, 'and'-, his Honor ordered hipito be imprisoned 'for 'four days. Mr. uHorvey'a countenance exhibited a remarkable change at this announcement, and he was marched off to jail looking most crest fallen. ? As we (' Evening Nows ') have before indi cated, tho necessary preliminary work in con faoction with tho gigantic scheme of tramway' about to be submitted to Parliament by the Government iB now complete, and Parliament will- sqon have ^opportunity qtfgivirig its approval to the mutes before the works are commenced. WW have since seen the plan of the proposed schsme, and find marked thereon a lino from the stlartto the termination of York street, thonce into George-street, near the Cen tral Polico Station, right along George-street to the Glebe, with branch lines to Newtown, Glebe Point, Marrickville, and Botany, via Waterloo. The second main route will include Oxford street, William-street, Paddington, Woollahra, Moore Park, and Randwick. The schome will be submitted to Parliament immediately atter the disposal of the Public Instruction Bill. As an instance of how trado is being hampered in Victoria by the protective policy of tho 'great Liberal party,' we call attention to what follows: — Mr. Watson, a squatter, of Gerogery station, near Albury, Bome two years ago bought a buggy from Mr. Olapp, a Mel bourne coach-builder. Finding a few days ago that the tires wanted cutting, and preferring to have the job done by the Melbourne maker, Mr. Watson 6ont off the wheels for the purpose. Judge of his surprise when, a few days after wards, he learnt that they had been stopped by the Victorian Customs officer at Wodonga, who demanded £15 as duty. It is almost needless to say that Mr. Taylor preferred to sond back the wheels, to Albury, and trust tho job to a local maker, rather than pay the sum demanded. Tho conscquence is that the Melbourne maker loses the job,- and the Government' the railway freight to and fro. This is tho way to.encourage trade. What a ' happy land ' is Victoria ! . Tiie Stamp Duties Bill now boforo Parlia ment provides that from and after tho 1st of April; 1880, tho following stamp duties aro to be levied : — Agreoment not undor seal, Is. ; bills of exchange or promissory notes, for every £50, or fractional part of £50, Is. ; for every bill of lading, or copy thereof, la. ; convoyanco or transfer on the sale of shares on any incor porated company or society; for every £10 or portion of £10 of the consideration money, 6d. ; convoyanco or transfer on sale of any property — When the purchase money is undor £50, 5s. ; exceeding £50 and not exceeding £100, 10s. ; for, every additional £100 or fractional part of £100, 10s. ; conveyance of any other kind not above described, £1. Deed, or in strument of any kind not othorwiso charged, £1. Draft payable on demand, Id. Leasos when the consideration shall be rent : Rent not ex ceeding £50 per annum, 2s. 6d. ; and for every additional £50 or fractional portion of £50, 2s. Gd. Leases, when the consideration Bhall be money, stock, or security, the same as a con voyanco on a sale. Other kinds of leases, £1. Memorandum of transfor under tho Act 26 Victoria No. 9, same duty as for a convoyanco on a Bale. Fire policy, for evory £100 and fractional part of £100, if the insurance is for a period exceeding six month, Cd : not exceeding six months and for every renewal, 2d ; for every £100 policies not otherwise specified, Is ; receipts above £2, and not exceeding £10, Id ; between £10 and £25, 3d ; between £25 and £50, 6d. ; between £50 and £100, Is ; exceed ing £100, 2s. 6d. Whon the transaction iB strictly confined to the sale or purchase of goods the duty on receipts will be — Above £2 and not exceeding £25, Id. ; between. £25 and £50, 2d. ; botween £50 and £10.0, 3d., .exceed ing £100, 6d. Transfer of any station: For £100 of the declared value, 10s. Bank notes: An annual composition is to he paid by bank ing companies .of £2 for every £100 of bank notes issued. Probate, letters of administra tion or settlement of property','' taking effect after death of scjttler; For every £100, £1'. ' ? ' Extensive bush-fires raged about Goulburn for some days, but on Tuesday a few showers fell, and extinguished them. 'Kate Kelly ^and her sister are in Mel bourne, :and it is said the objeot of their visit is to present a petition to Parliament for the release of their mother from jail. \ 