THE FOREST BOARD. Thtjbsdat, Febetjaby 26. Present— Mr. G. W. Goyder, SurveyorGene ral (chairman), the Hon. B. T. Furniss, Mr. G. McEwin, J.P., and the secretary (Mr. Melville). The Chairman said that with reference to a notice of motion given by Mr. Finniss regarding his absence from the board meetings, he had forwarded a letter to the Commissioner of Crown Lands with the recommendation that he would be allowed to be relieved from the office on account of pressure of business. The' Com- missioner had, however, expressed the wish that he should continue to hold the. position. He' would much rather have been relieved from it. He supposed, however, that it would not; be necessary to have any discussion on the matter now. (Hear, hear.) \- Mr. J. Mitton (Mayor of Hindmarsh) waited' on the board and said that some time ago the Qradmarsh Town Council received a com niunication from the. board as to the fenc ing of a reserve in the town. Mr. Brown, the conservator, had had all the streets marked out, and, the measurements made very satisfactorily. Since that the trustees of the Wesleyan Church wanted a roadway made across the reserve to their church. The town council unanimously .opposed the application on account of the dust that would arise from the traffic, and other causes, but did not object to a 15 feet path way being made if it were fenced up to prevent other traffic. The trustees had brought influence to bear on the Commissioner* of Crown Lands, and that board he understood had granted the trustees a 30 feet roadway. The council thought this action could be cbviated in some measure if the board would insist or request that posts should be put there ' to stop the traffic. After a discussion it was decided to write to the corporation that the board saw no reason to alter their decision, but in order to obviate the dust and' other incon veniences likely to arise they would ask the' church trustees to keep the road in good repair, and the board also wished to say that they had had no intention of treating the corporation with any discourtesy, but decided as' they did because the reserve was under the control of the board, and not under that of the corpora tion. ? ' The conservator again drew attention to his report of November 6 on the management of the South-East reserves. He pointed out that the reserve at Mount Gambier was being planted and was under proper supervision, while Glenkey, Mundolla, Border Town, and the Cave Range in the meantime might be left with »n occasional inspection by himself oace or twice in the year, . The Mount Burr, Nang warry,ahd Penola reserves were occupied with strihgybark, and Mount Mclntyre with 'redgntn, blaokwood, and stringybark. There was still a sufficient quantity of matured timber to meet the demands of the district for some' time to ,' come. The money received from the reserve for the last six months had been almost nothing and he recommended that in the' future a thorough system of 'conservation should be adopted, which would secure their renovation and permanency. This season millions bf seedlings had come up, and those parts where fires had not taken plaee for1 some years were thickly covered with fine saplings, He was of opinion that nhder proper management these forests could be easily and cheaply renovated by a system of natural regeneration, and therefore recommended that in next year's estimates pro vision should be made for a forester at Mount Burr at a salary of £l6t) a year, with two forage allowances. The forester could overlook from this point five other reserves. He also recom mended that a slab hut, stabling, &c.; should be built for him at a cost of not more than £100 ; that the hut now in course of erection should be used by the labprerers ; that two laborers should _ be constantly employed on the reserves ; that a j thorough system of fire protection should be ' . adopted on them ; that a new' 'code of regula- '. tions should be framed so that the indiscrimi- ?' ; nate cutting of trees would be avoided; and that ; against the remaining portion' of this financial i year the forester should; be placed at/Mountj Burr, to be paid at a rate of 8s. per day but of contingencies, &c.; He believed if would be in-^ judicious to; continue planting operations in ahy; of the reserves 'unless .proper supervision and 'fire protection were provided. Owing to plant-, ing having been delayed until somewhat late in; the season, the'. gums planted at Mount Mnir last year were a failure, but the wattle deed had come np freely and he believed would prove a success. The board approved generally of the recommendations, bat decided to defer the dis cussion of the details until their next meeting. . Mr. H. L. Spriggs wrote with respect to the termination- of the 4eaee of -the Blanche guano caves, stating that* he * had eighteen tons of guano to pay for, and that there were six tons; raised, which ' he asked permission to remove.; ~He had paid' forarore than 300 tons altogether.! With respect (to further, disposition of the de-; posits, he suggested -that as the country was still new the ..time- had not yet arrived when . the value of the guano would be appreciated. \- With reference to the destruction of the .stalactites in the caves, he affirmed that it had. net been caused during the removal of guano by him . or his men. , The board had no objection to his removing the guano raised,' and would expect a cheque for the amount. They concurred with the views of the expressed by Mr. Spriggs, and would for the present defer selling the guauo; and in reference to the destruction of the stalactites, they did not attribute it in any way to the late lessee or his men. , , ' '.'' The conservator reported having examined the north end of the Bundaleer reserve with a view of considering the adviBableaess or other wise ' of forming a. wattle plantation there this season. From this .examination. 'he was' of opinion that the soil ? was ..well suited to the profitable growth of wattles, and he therefore recommended that' 150 acres .should be resumed \- for that purpose. He advised that (the ground should be thoroughly ploughed while-it. could be done, and that the wattles should bs sown immediately after the first rain of the season; The board decided to discuss the question- at their next meeting. The conservator, in a lengthy repoit, wrote that from the experience he had of the climate of the colony and its requirements he was of opinion that to have really successful planting here we should have to adopt the system he had seen carried out with unqualified success on the prairie lands of Western America. Tnis consisted of the soil about -fo.be operated upon being as much as possible thoroughly and deeply loosened and pulverised - previous to planting, and the whole kept in* state of cultivation by scarifying, hoeing, &c;, for -two or more seasons afterwards; ' This allowed; the rain to percolate deep down into, the ground all over the plantar tion, and then get beyond the reach bf - extreme evaporation as a means of supply of /moisture for the roots of the trees during the summer. Secondly, the yoang trees had free -action to penetrate their roots beyond the influence of the summer's heat; and thirdly, the loose earth about the items of the young plants oould draw the moisture from the air and lessen the scorching reflected heat of the sun during the day. It was of course well known that loose earth was- much' cooler' under similar circum stances than that which was hard and baked. Then when the ground was kept- cultivated and clean in this way until the plantations were fit to be opened forgrazingpiirposes the danger from bushfires was entirely done away with, and the effect upon young trees was greater health and quicker growth. Possessing these advantages, he was sure the board would allow him to carry the system into effect, but to do this it must be borne in mind that with the present means at their disposal the extent of ground the board would be able to take up for planting on any feserver each year would necessarily be much less than might have been done in previous yeara. The system entailed a large amount of manual and horse labor, and the re sult would, without doubt, ensure a larger re turn of good trees each year. To carry out the system successfully, for instance at Bundaleer, 'It would be necessary to start another plough, or have a; considerable portion of the first ploughing done by contract. To ensure the soil ~ being thoroughly pulverised would require to have the two-fold action of rain and sun heat upon it for some time before planting. Seeing that there was only one- ranger at Bundaleer it misht result that the i-rODer attention necessarv to this could not be paid by their present estab lishment. He asked whether in order to save' expense it might not be a judicious, concession to arrange with the lessees or with farmers ad joining the reserves to take a crop off the land and have it thoroughly ploughed ready for planting, on consideration of having the land rent free. The ground which would then be operated upon being 're- sumed' land, the. cultivation proposed would not affect the legality of the leases. He suggested that the planting in the coming season should be done at 5 feet plant from plant. Thick planting was to recommended as a sine qua non both for the good of the 'trees and for the result of the operation as a commercial transaction. - By planting as above the thin nings alone in a year would realise a handsome return upon the : money expended in forming, ihe plantation. At Bundaleer and Wirrabara there was a sufficiency of water in the creeks to trrigate the plantations in the summer time ; and he asked, as the work could be done at very little expense, that he might be allcwed to con struct dams and the necessary courses inconnec tion with the plantations to be formed this year. The Wirrabara forest was, perhaps, the' finest forest of indigenous trees in the colony, and although sadly abused in years past, could be renovated to more than its former excellence in time with systematic management. Where the gronnd was protected from stookand slightly Btirred, the young gums came up by thousands, and -this might be said to be the case all over the timbered portions of the reserve. Where planting had been done a better and surer crop of indigenous trees were coming up all round the introduced Bpecies. He recommended that the time of the laborer there should be devoted to thoroughly encouraging the growth of the in digenous crop, and that the planting of exotic trees should be confined to the swamps and banks' of the creeks, where they wodld be likely to succeed well in the most trying seasons. The pruning and -cutting down old -and-useless trees so as to allow younger crops to: occupy their place was of a most- valuable character, -and Would keep a good sqnad-of men- going for years to come.- By planting ' American ash; walnuts, catalpa and'' pines only in suitable spots in and about the nursery the nursery work could be reduced, and th&time; of the men employed in pruning and thinning on the various planta tions. - The board generally approved of ? the 'report, and requested the- conservator to supply the area' and depth of cultivation. The board considered that lessees should abide by the con ditions ol their lease, and that the board should undertake all work necessary to the planting. . NOHTHEHH EBSBEVBS. The conservator forwarded a report on the present condition of the northern reserves to the following effect :^— Bundaleer. — The - dry weather had told rather severely on the young trees. Considerable - blanks had occurred amongst. them; but' should rain came soon a fair crop might still be expected. . Some idea of the excellent growth of the young trees might ' ' be gained from the fact that a good many of them were f nlly two feet in height, and only six months planted. The previous year's planta tions were doing remarkably well, some of the trees having made four feet growth this season. The most remarkable growth was in a Tasmanian bluegum, which' was only about' six feet high seventeen months ago. and was now fully twenty feet, with a good stout stem of about eight inches in diameter.- He1' expected to have 250,000 plants' available- for the coming season's planting. He suggested a trial of the cultivation of maize between the rows of trees at Bundaleer' this year. 'There would be a good supply of water for irrigation. Wirrabara— The dry weather had- caused considerable j ' failure among the pines, which had been of too \- small- and tender a character for safe trans planting. -The American ash were as a rule strong, healthy plants, and would, he thought,, make good trees in a few yean' time. The walnuts were doing well. Several planted two ' years ago were 10 -feet in height. -Their great growth had arisen from the excellent condition ? -of the soil and -the cultivation of the ground at various times about their roots. The Victorian and Sydney ironbarks appeared to do well, averaging -two to three feet -in height six months ? old. - The 'white- ant3 were -doing considerable damage to the Tasmanian bluegnm, American ash -and- pines. - Some of the Tasmaniah blaegums planted two years ago were dying from the bamboos in which. they were planted not having rotted away in time to allow the full and healthy -expanfettHUjf ibe plants. The nursery stock generally was look ing well, but the soil of the ? nursery was tso rich for rearing plants suitable for planting oat on poor spots. For successful planting is was always advisable to rear the trees' in - such) a. hardy character that they would experience rather an ' improved cend ition of things if pos sible than otherwise when transplanted into the plantation. The -soil of the Wirrabara nursery wonld not admit '-of this being done, and conse quently the young- plants raised id it were notof the best description for successf ulplantitfg insoils of a poor and dry character. The cataipaseed ling of this year had reached the fine height*) f three to four feet. Bundaleer they: :stood da much poorer and dryer soil, bat nevertheless were good strong plants, and had stood- the dry weather without much watering, and .as a rule better than the indigenous gums alongside --of them. As the tree was likely to succeed he ad vised sending to America for more seed. The efforts at renovation of the forests by natural re generation were very satisfactory indeed Took levels for construction of a dam and watercourse, sothatyoung plants mightbe watered next sum mer. Woolundunga.-^Surveyed plantation for coming season's operations. Farmers were avail ing themselves of reserve for obtaining supply of firewood and fencing material. Several works required for-establishment here. He for warded specimen plants of the catalpa and American ash from the Wirrabara reserve, and considered that as both these trees were valu able timber the swamp lands both there and at -Bundaleer might very judiciously be enclosed and planted with them from time to time. The timber sales for the current month would reach about £65. To be considered afr next meeting. 