gflnj is. Garibaldi's ©hum, FIVE AD. - -.TUBES Fil it TUE LIBERATION FIFTH ADVENTURE. WAB. [STMB. EBIC.] Palermo. Bnt then : : : : there was heard a cry frojfc no-rtb 1 "Eviva Garibaldi 1" and now tbmWered the dictator's own voice over the fields. That was his artillery. Every foot both of pursuer and pursued, stood for a moment as If rivetted to the ground. But soon sat a wing in the place of the rivet, because when that wellknown scarlet cloak •was seen cnasing forth like a bush.fire, filling the air with smoke and earth with fire, then fell the whole royal army back in a mad flight. The king's General placed in his turn, not the revolver to bis head, but the spurs to his hor*e, and, as it seemed with firm resolution too. Haynau's laurel dragged in the mud. But the modem Epaminondas was very near to share the fate of the ancient, or to die right in victory's embrace. The dictator rode, followed by Major Mlssori, Prince Pignatilli and Landolfo Stechi, towaids some cannons that were still kept alive on the right wing of the Neapolitan line, and even shot the horse under Garibaldi. The latter was soon on his legs again, and started running for the cannons. Close on his heels followed his three adjuntants, who had instantly jumped off their horses when they saw him fall. The gunner? had disappeared before they conld reach the cannons. Garibaldi wanting in his rage to revenge himself on something, when he could not do so on somebody, for his lost horse , x took hold of one of thj deadly machines to sling it, with the ^-'help of his comrades, down in the ditch close by, when suddenly a body of royals, some retreating dragoons, fell over them like a hailstorm. The father of the " Muskeeters " is said to have wept that he was not there to witness the sight which ensued, Garibaldi springs on the leader of the dragoons, requesting him to give tip his arms. His, the latter's reply is a cut from the sabre. Garibaldi wards of the blow so as to split the Neapolitan's head. His arm is so constructed that he never wants to spend more than one blow on the same enemy* Missori, Pignatelli. and Landolfo hasten to their General's help. Back to back the four combat against the whole swarm, which especially directs their shining stings against him in the scarlet cloak. It would be a honor indeed to carry that cloak slucg over one's shoulder ; that wonld be something more than all Naples's banners of victories put together! But the little pretty minature of a " quatre-bras" is as made of heated iron, whizzing on all sides, and the swarm is nearly shot or cut down before Medici arrives to place the trophies of the day at the Dictator's feet. Not far from where the battle had raged hottest is the village Piazlelia situated. That day however had the little villiage grown quite into respectable dimension. The new buildings were rather too airy though, because the walls consisted only of four posts and the roofs were but of common can /as. Here were the wounded carried during and after the battle en stretchers. Those that carried the stietchers were young women from Trapani and Caltanisetta, They have accompanied the liberation army right from Palermo to Milazzo. -Among these brave females were many with fair, light, somewhat gingery" hair. They reckon themselves as descendants from the Normans Their dress is exceedingly pompons. They wear very pointed shoes, gold embroided jacket and scarlet 6kirt, sprinkled with tinsels. From the hair hang pink ribbons of silk and golden strings. They are not so handsome as Barcelona's herdesses, bat they are taller and especially renowned for the heavy burdens they can carry on their heads. That kind of work often causes large lamps to grow on the neck and fearfully deforms them, but which nevertheless are, their pride, the pride of their industry. Bat there were other women too in the temporary hospitals dressed in the recognised habit of the sistere of mercy, the black dress and the white linen hood. Most of them belonged to the highest families of the Island. One could there see, among others, a Duchess of Yendura, a Duchess of Gesaro, the Princess Pignatelli, sister to above mentioned Montoleone, with many more of as noble descent. All these as well as the rest of the ward, was under the leadership of Alcina Florio. None of Sicily's daughters had rendered Sicily's liberators better services than she had by the tender care ahe bestowed on their sick and wounded, but none had either gained such triumphs. Whenever the dictator entered a village or a city. Alcina was obliged to ride by his side in her amazon •Iress, and the cries of " Eviva Alcina" were mixed with the vivats for the triumph, utor himself. Of coarse, that a young lady of her charms and fame and to which was added a fortune that counted millions, shoald find a number of applicants for her heart and hand, and the happy individual had been mentioned to be Garibald's handsome comrade and friend, Orsine, a man still in the prime of his life and who had newly been appointed General and Minister of war for tht. island. But Alcina, when asked by her lady friends, had always replied. " I am engaged to my duty as long as the war lasts. First with the freedom of Sicily begins my own TLe battle of Milazzo had given her and her companions plenty of work. Faint and almost powerless she had sunk down in a chair outside one of the tents, when her at. tention was called to a group of people ap. preaching slowly the village. She soon recognised the dictator himself and a nam. berof his higher officers, all surrounding a streteher carried by soldiers. ijpina rose and went to meet this groap. "iSignora," said Garibaldi, as it seemed, deeply moved, " here I bring to your care one of my very bravest and most faithful friends. A death blow, aimed at my head, was caught 5 by him, sacrificing his own arm. I know * that I cannot leave him under more careful hands than yours, Signora." Alcina advanced to the stretcher. A change took place in the color of her face when she recognised in the pale features of the wounded officer, Landolfo Stechi's. The young soldier was placed under a tent on a bed softened with stTaw and cool, fresh grass. When the dictator and his officers withdrew, Alcina leaned over the suffering Landolfo—" My right arm gone I r groaned he "nomore able to serve my country ! no more to follow and watch ovei him 1" " But you will still be able to serve your country." consoled the handsome ward ess touching his cold forehead with her warm lips," and you shall still follow and watch over him. Alcina shall be your right arm now Landolfo I" In the middle of Florence's Casciao there is a large open space where every Sunday afternoon music is executed from 3 to 5 o'clock. Those who were walking there one particular Sunday in April 1864, would have observed a carriage, stopping not far from the orchestra. They wonld have seen further a tall young man jump out-of the vehicle to embrace one or two friends, but only making use of his left arm, thereafter turn round and lift a three years old. fine — looking little boyj also with his left arm, and again to help, always with his left arm, a young handsome lady, with eyes of the night, but with a smile around her delicions tips to the sun related. They then would have beheld Landolfo Stechi and his wife. ne& Alcina Floria. She had kept her word, she waB his right arm. But most difficult wonld it have bjen perhaps .to turn the eye6 from that little cherub of a boy of theirs. He was di essed in jacket, trowsers and a tiny cloak over the shoulder, of the same cut and color, that we mostiy see represented in the portraits of Garibaldi. And his name was Guiseppo, likewise after his godfather on Caprera. THE END. 