MR. MIRAMS ON "REFORM." At St. James's Hall, last night, Mr. Mirams gave a lecture on the above subject to persons assumed to possess "correct" opinions. The title was probably chosen on the lucus a non lucendo principle, and should have been " A discourse on the despicable tactics of the Corner men." Mr. Mirams depreciated the personal allusions so frequently made by the Constitutionalists. He should, however, derive consolation from the reflection that small men have before now guided the policy of nations or left behind them masterpieces in literature and art, while plain men have also left their mark in the world's history. The mothers expectant of Athens threw their aprons over their head when Socrates turned the corner. St. Paul, by his own showing, was no beauty. Thiers was no giant, while the late lamented Mr. Alexander Pope tried to conceal his physical shortcomings by a suit of rusty black. It is related of the author of the "Duncaid" that, being in a coffee-house one night, and hearing an officer state with reference to a disputed passage in Horace that " the best commentary upon it would be a note of interrogation," he atrabiliously asked, "And pray, sir, what is a note of interrogation ? " to which the soldier re- plied, "A note of interrogation? Yes — of course. A note of interroga- tion is a black, crooked little thing that asks questions." Now Mr. Mirams is neither crooked nor black, but he asks questions, and does not answer them quite satisfactorily. His answer, for in- stance, to the charge of extravagance against the Government he so vigorously defends, is far from convincing. We had been led to suppose that at figures Mr. Mirams was first and the remainder nowhere. It is merely another instance of how a person, some- times no doubt sincerely, but oftener through a spirit of mischievous badin- age, may be credited with knowledge to which he has no special claim. As an arithmetician he is far inferior to Major Smith, for while the latter worked out a surplus of two millions, the member for Collingwood could not get beyond a modest few hundred thousands. In both cases the remainder was nowhere, but they are in- structive as showing that, in financial mat- ters, it is quite time for Mr. Mirams to descend from the giddy elevation on which his too effusive followers have placed him. In some steam engines a fly-wheel carries the piston over the weak point, and keeps the machine from breaking down. It was notice- able last night that, when the speaker's logic got mixed, the fly-wheel of applause carried him over the quagmire he was floundering in, and landed him safely on the confines of common sense. The methods he advocated for the reform of the constitution remind one of the means adopted by the Americans for improving the condition of the Indians. It has been found in the latter case that, when the amelioration was complete, there were no Indians left. They had been improved off to the happy hunting grounds where pale-faces and firewater were unknown. If Mr. Mirams and the party whose views he advocates would step boldly forward and state that their aim is really to reduce the Upper House to a mere shadow, or dispense with it altogether, we could at least give them credit for honesty. But that credit must be withheld from them while they deny all intention of destroying the Coun- cil's power for good or evil, and yet pursue a course the success of which could only have that effect. But it was upon the members of the " Corner" and their late manifesto that Mr. Mirams was mordantly severe. It is curious to hear an admirer of Mr. Berry and his Ministry passionately attribute inconsistency to other representatives as if the present Government had a right to a monopoly of the article. We wonder if 5Ir. Mirams knows that Mr. Gladstone— tho statesman he professes to admire so much, who wrote " Church and State "—is the same man who led his party to the suc- cessful assault on the Irish Church? There is not a single public man of any note who has not changed or modified his opinions fre- quently during a long course of years, it is of little consequence whether the change occurred one year ago or twenty. There is no difference in kind between a mental modification of yesterday and one of a quarter of a century ago. We may return at some future time to other utterances of Mr. Mirams. Why he should think it worth his while to travel from Melbourne for the purpose of letting the " liberal" party of Sandhurst into secrets with which everyone is familiar has yet to be stated. SUPPLEMENT.— In the supplement published with this morning's issue a large quantity of in- teresting local and other original matter will be found. Included in this is our report of the lecture on " Reform " delivered by Mr. Mirams last night, the report of yesterday's meeting of the City Council, and mining intelligence. THE CONDEMNED BUSHRANGERS.— The peti- tions in favor of Scott and Rogan have been considered by the New South Wales Executive Council, and it has been decided that no sufficient reason had been shown to justify an alteration of the previous conclusion. Both Scott and Rogan will therefore be hanged. The question was raised in the New South Wales Assembly yesterday, and Sir Henry Parkes, as will be seen by our telegrams, gave an intima- tion to the above effect. MR. MIRAM'S LECTURE ON " REFORM."— Mr. Mirams, M.L.A., last evening delivered what was termed a lecture on Reform at St. James's Hall. Admission was by tickets obtainable from officers af the league. The hall was moderately well filled. Mr. J. P. Carolin, president of the local branch of the Reform League, was in the chair, and the meeting as might have been expected was quite en- thusiastic. The "lecture" lasted two hours and a half, however, and towards the close the audience manifestly began to g«t wearied of Mr. Mirams's eloquence. A report appears else- where. DEATH NEAR ECHUCA.— A telegram was for- warded to the coroner's office, yesterday, from Echuca, stating that a child had died suddenly that morning on the Torrumbarry-road, seven miles from Echuca. As there were no sus- picious circumstances surrounding the case, the police magistrate, Mr. Webster, replied by tele- gram directing a magisterial inquiry to be held into the cause of death. FATAL ACCIDENT IN HARGREAVES-STREET.— An accident occurred yesterday evening in Hargreaves-street, by which a man, named Alexander Urquhart, met with such serious in- juries as resulted in his death after being re- moved to the hospital. The deceased was a woodcarter, and resided at Epsom. He came into town yesterday morning with a wagon load of wood drawn by two horses. After dis- posing of the wood he drove round to Mr. J. P. Warren's timber yard, situated in the street named, between Bull-street and Mundy-street. He purchased about a ton or a half of hardwood, and having loaded his wagon with the material, he pre- pared to start home. The horses were attached to the vehicle in tandem position, and Urquhart it seems went to the head of the leading animal for the purpose of guiding it into the middle of the street. Whilst he had hold of the reins the horse in the shafts was startled through the long planks of timber touching its back. It made a rush forward, and the shafts of the wagon struck the unfortunate man in the chest and knocked him down. Before he could move out of the way the two near side wheels of the wagon passed over his body in a transverse direction from the middle of his back. The pressure which he sustained must have been over two tons, as the wagon is nearly a ton in weight. Five or six ribs were fractured, and there was an extensive rupture of the lung tissues. The upper part of the spine was also fractured. The extent of the poor fellow's injuries was ascertained at the hospital, to which place he was immediately conveyed in a cab. The case, when admitted, was pronounced hopeless, and the man never rallied, and died at half-past nine o'clock. Urquhart leaves a widow and family. The matter was reported to Mr. Webster, P.M., who, in the absence of Mr. Strickland, will hold an inquest on the body to-day at the hospital. BUGGY ACCIDENT.— Yesterday afternoon whilst a horse attached to a buggy, the property of Cobb and Co., was being driven around Quarry Hill, collecting the letters from the pillar boxes, the animal became very restive, and when opposite the Star and Garter com- menced kicking in a violent manner. The driver, T. Shannon, stuck to the unruly animal for some time manfully, but the horse being a powerful one the driver was unable to manage it, and eventually the buggy was completely overturned. A post-office employe, named Williams, who was being driven in the buggy, had his leg slightly bruised, and received a nasty shaking, whilst the driver received a severe kick in the face and had his leg put out. The shafts of the buggy were broken, and the splashboard and hood were damaged. ROUGH ON THE REFORM LEAGUERS.— An amusing story has just reached our cars con- cerning the president of the local reform league of a township not far from Sandhurst. The gentleman in question, who is a staunch fol- lower of the Berry Ministry, and we believe contemplates offering himself for the large and influential district of which the township above referred to is the centre, last week received a note purporting to come from a well-known mining manager of Marong, asking that the president would use his influence in forming a branch league in that district, and proposing that he and other prominent members of his league would pay them a visit, Mr.— fell in with tho idea at once, and on a very hot day last week, about the hottest of the season, set out on his patriotic mission, with several devoted followers. The journey which was rendered of a most unpleasant nature by reason of the intense heat and the distance traversed, was brought to a conclusion by the welcome arrival at a well-known inn in the vicinity of their destin- tion. After a short stay the president and his friends set about interviewing the sender of the letter. Judge of their surprise, on speaking to him, to learn that he knew nothing about the matter. He did not write the letter. It had been concocted at Sandhurst and posted at Marong. It is said the proprietor of the hotel was more pleased than the little band of Minis- terialists, who returned to —— relieved in pocket if not in mind. THE DIAMOND DRILL.— Operations at the drill on the Moonta Company's lease, Long Gully, have been progressing continuously during the past two weeks. The bore has now reached a depth of 646 feet. The actual work- ing time occupied in attaining this depth, exclusive of delays, has been about sixty days. The machinery is working very satisfactorily. The country passed through in the last 30 feet has been very hard sandstone, with numerous quartz leaders. THE HON. B. G. DAVIES.— Our Inglewood correspondent says:—The Hon. Mr. B. G. Davies, one of the members for Avoca, is at present in Inglewood, having arrived from East Charlton per coach on Thursday afternoon. I believe that during the enduing contest the two old members will not not run together as they have hitherto done. MR. R. CLARK AT LONG GULLY.—It will not be forgotten that Mr. R. Clark, M. L. A., is to address the electors of Long Gully on Monday evening next, at the Manchester Arms Hotel, at eight o'clock. There will no doubt be a large attendance, and we feel assured, judging from past meetings at Long Gully, that Mr. Clark will have a good hearing accorded him. The committee are requested to meet at seven o'clock at the same place. THE ESTIMATES.—The deferred discussion took place in the City Council yesterday in re- ference to the estimates, an amended statement having been prepared by the town clerk. A long and interesting deliberation took place re- specting the matter, which eventually was further postponed, having been referred to a committee of the whole Council, which is to meet on Friday next at two o'clock p.m. A PITIFUL CASE.—The three young children to whom we referred to yesterday as having been heartlessly deserted by their mother, is the Reserve on Wednesday were brought before the bench at the City Police Court yesterday morn- ing. The poor waifs are named Margaret, Lena, aud Frederick Laughusen. From inquiries which have been made by the police, it seems that the father of the Children is in New South Wales. The mother, who is said to be living with an Italian at Fruhling's Reef, Whipstick, on Wednesday morning applied to the justices at the Huntly Police Court for her children to be forwarded to tho Industrial School, alleging that she was, unable to support them. The application was refused, however, and the woman then appears to have taken them to Sandhurst and left them in the Reserve in the evening, where they were found by Constable Riley. It was stated in court yesterday that Mrs. Laughusen had not returned to her home, aud was supposed to be in Sandhurst waiting to see how her offspring would be disposed of. On Wednesday and Thursday evening the children were taken care of at the lock-up by Senior-constable Balfour, but as the accommo- dation at that place is very limited it was found necessary to send the unfortunate waifs to gaol until Tuesday next, whilst inquiries are to be made for their heartless parent. The charge against them was accordingly altered to that of vagrancy, an Mr. Gale cannot receive neglected children into his establishment, and they were formally remanded. While in court the poor little things presented a most forlorn appear- ance, but only one of them was old enough to realise her unfortunate position. The children are all prepossessing in appearance. It is stated that, at a matter of actual fact, the mother is wholly unable to provide for them. INTERESTING MINING CASE.— In another column will be found particulars of a rather interesting case which was heard at the Warden's Court yesterday. It is that of an application made by C. Moore, on behalf of the South Whip Company, for ground at Golden Gully. This application was opposed by C. Kelly and another, on various grounds set forth. The case has been adjourned for a week, on the understanding that in the meantime arrange- ments will be made for the granting of a tribute to the objectors by Moore, after the issue of the lease. As the case is, however, sub judice, it is premature to make any remarks thereon. In the evening a petition to the Minister of Mines was open for signature at the Shamrock Hotel, the prayer of which was that the lease should not be granted to Moore, and also asking that all leases should be forfeited iu regard to which,the covenants had not been carried out. FIRE AT GOLDEN-SQUARE.— Yesterday after- noon a house situated in Thistle- street, Golden square, was consumed by fire. The building was occupied by Mr. James McQuillan, and coutained four rooms. Mrs. McQuillan, who was engaged at some domestic work, left the house shortly after three o'clock, and went into the garden at the back. There was then a large fire burning in the kitchen, and it is supposed that during her absence, which extended over only a few moments, a log of burning wood fell on the floor. When she returned she found the kitchen in flames, which soon obtained com- plete mastery over the other parts of the house. The fire spread with such rapidity that it was impossible to save any furniture or effects. The Golden-square contingent of the No. 1 Brigade were soon on the ground, followed by the Sand- hurst brigades. Their services were of no avail, however, the fire having obtained a thorough mastery, and moreover, although the mains are laid along the streets, there are no fire plugs. The property was insured for £150 in the Stan- dard Insurance Company. THE CITY POLICE COURT.— Messrs. Holds- worth and Anderson, Js.P., were on the bench yesterday. A woman named Mary Roberts was fined £1 or one month's imprisonment, for hav- ing used insulting behavior in a public place. The three unfortunate children named Margaret, Lena, and Frederick Langhuson were again brought before the court charged with vagrancy. Constable Sunderland, of Huntly, informed the bench that the mother was living at the Fruh- ling Reef at the Whipstick. She applied at the Huntly Police Court on Wednesday last to have the children sent to the Industrial Schools, but the application had been refused. She had then taken the youngsters to Sandhurst, and deserted them in the reserve. It was believed that the mother was still in Sandhurst, as she had not returned to the Whipstick. The father was in New South Wales. A remand till next Tues- day was applied for by the police in order that further search might be made for the mother. The remand was granted. Henry Gay was re- manded for seven days on a charge of being drunk and disorderly, as he had not recovered from an attack of delirium tremens. He had been arrested at Shelbourne by Mounted- con- stable Kavenagh. Edward Green, charged with being an idle and disorderly person, was re- manded for seven days, in order that an en- deavor might be made to obtain his admission into the Benevolent Asylum. In the debt case of H. Jackett v. W. Grant, wages, £6, Mr. Hornbuckle appeared for the defence. After hearing evidence the bench dismissed the case with 13s, costs to the defendant. SPORTING.— The Geelong races, which are to run for on the 29th and 31st instant, are occa- sioning very little speculation. For the Hurdle Race Rocket and Veno are the favorites, and for the Steeple, Trumpeter, Lamplighter, and Helmet are mostly fancied. For the Geelong Cup and Handicap Kanaka and Kanaka have been supported at the short price of 10 to 1, no other wagers haying been mentioned. A good many doubles have been booked on the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap. For the Cup Suwarrow, Petrea, Darriwall, and Wellington have been taken with Rawdonk, Suwarrow, Tom Kirk, Dollar, Avernus, Petrea, and Tocal. Mr. Alfred Joseph's quotations are — £1,000 to 5 to 10 Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap. Australian Cup — 6 to 50 to 1 on the field. THE STAR OF BENDIGO TENT.— This branch of the Independent Order of Rechabites met last night at the Temperance Hall, when in addition to the usual business the secretary laid on the table the balance-sheet and bill of health for the year 1879, an examination of which showed that the tent was in a healthy and prosperous state. The total receipts for the year were £726 7s. 6d., and the total expendi- ture £443 1s 5d., leaving a clear gain for the year of £291 6s 1d. Out of the expenditure there was paid for medical attendance, and medicines for members, their wives and families, £158 4s., to sick members who were unable to follow their employment £163 15s. The total number of members now good upon the books is 176. The period for which sick allowance was paid shows an average dura- tion of sickness over all the members of one week and half a day. The total fund to the credit of the Tent is £3,645 17s., which is safely invested at good interest. After the members had expressed themselves satisfied with the encouraging position of the Tent, tho C.R., Bro. J. A. O. Scott, closed the meeting with the usual ceremony. BENDIGO ROWING CLUB.— A special general meeting of the members of the above Rowing Club was held last evening at the Freemasons' Hotel. There were about fifty persona present, and the chair was occupied by the president, Mr. W. Bruce. The meeting was called for the purpose of electing a secretary and treasurer, and revising and altering the rules of the club. Mr. N. Longstaff was appointed secretary, and Mr. G. Reed treasurer. A code of 45 new rules was then drawn up. A number of alterations were made in the old regulations which had been found unworkable. Among other things a rule was framed fixing the nomination fee of new members at £1 1s., and the entrance fee at a like amount. It was further resolved that pay- ment should be made on the 1st February in each year. This latter course was decided on in order to place the club in a financial condition. Messrs. C. Houston and M. J. Cahill were ap- pointed auditors for the purpose of auditing the books of the club, and Messrs. Breen, Burrows, and Houston, were elected trustees. It was decided to hold a special general meeting of members on the 23rd instant at 8 p.m., for the purpose of confirming the new rules. A con- signment of six new sculls has been received from Melbourne, of which the members were greatly in need. THE R. M. S. INDUS.— The R.M.S. Indus arrived off Cape Otway at 10 o'clock last night, and was expected to reach the Heads about four o'clock this morning. PRIZE ESSAY.— Amongst the prize-takers at the Sydney Exhibition is the name of Master C. O'Mahony, nephew of Mr. Crowley, Albion Chambers, who was successful in carrying off the first and only prize for an Essay on " Healthy, Wealthy, and Wise. " Great credit is due to the youthful essayist, as the prize was won against many other competitors. Master O'Mahony is a pupil of Mr. Slack, of the Corporate High School. THE WEATHER.—The heat was most op- pressive yesterday, and scarcely a breath of wind was perceptible. Towards evening, how- ever, a refreshing breeze sprung up from the south, and the night was line and cool. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s., Pall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., 74°; noon, 86°; 3 p.m., 89°; 3 p.m., 69°; maximum, 93°; minimum, 59°. The barometer, at 9 a.m., registered 29.260; 6 p.m., 29.140. THE CHANNEL AT LONG GULLY.— The people of Long Gully will be pleased to learn that the City Council, at its finance meeting yesterday, accepted a tender for the carrying out of im- provements to the channel below that township, near to the Pioneer' Company's works. Cr. Clark pointed out the necessity that existed to have the work carried out without delay, and strongly urged that the greatest expedition should be used in connection therewith. BUSH-FIRES.—The McIvor Times reports that on Tuesday last bush-fires were raging in various directions from the town. Mr. Wilton, of Derrinal, was the principal sufferer by a fire that occurred on his run, a considerable portion of the grass on the run, together with a lot of brush fencing, being consumed. It is also stated that a number of sheep were burnt at the same time. It is supposed that the fire started from a swagman's camp fire at a dam near the old One-Eve Rush. Mr. Speed also had some fencing destroyed. About 50 persons turned out and rendered what aid they could to check the progress of the fire. They managed to keep it pretty well within bounds by beating it out on each side and prevent it from spreading, and by making gaps in the brush fence succeeded in saving a good deal of it. At one time the property of Mr. Woolley, including residence, stacks, fences, etc., appeared in imminent danger of being destroyed, but luckily escaped. Mr. Chapman's and other places in the locality were also threatened. The fire did not cross Mr. Wilton's road, a change in the wind bring- ing it down towards the Sandhurst road in the direction of the Black Swan. In consequence of the drifting smoke the fire several times during the day seemed to be on the verge of the town. We also learn that an extensive fire was raging in the ranges in the direction of Piper's Creek, near Barfold. On Monday last about 60 acres of valuable grass and several panels of fencing at Tooboorac, belonging to Mr. Edwin Walker, were consumed. The fire is stated to have been caused by a party travelling with sheep leaving a log burning on the Saturday previous at their camp in a lane close to the paddock. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.— A Benalla telegram in the Argus states that a young man named Lloyd is now lying in a precarious condition at a hotel in that town through the careless use of firearms. On Tuesday Lloyd was playing with a seven-chambered revolver at Greta, and having fired the six chambers, he, supposing the weapon was empty, brandished it about, when the other chamber went off, the bullet lodging in his temple. He was immediately brought into Benalla, and placed under the treatment of Dr. Nicholson, who probed the wound, but has not yet extracted the bullet, which is near the brain. Lloyd is brother to the unfortunate man who was killed in a scuffling match about six months ago, at Greta, by his cousin (another Lloyd. [It will be seen by a telegram elsewhere that Lloyd has been removed to the Melbourne Hospital.] A lady correspondent of the Star complains that a porter at the railway station refused to put her luggage into the van on the plea that he was engaged, whereas he merely proceeded to the refreshment room to have a drink with another man. Messrs. Dillon and Fick, drapers, View Point, announce that, being about to separate, they are holding a clearing sale, at which their extensive stock will be offered at greatly reduced rates, so as to effect a clearance preparatory to closing partnership accounts. Mrs. Julius Cohn, Mrs. Caleb Thomas, and Mr. H. J. King, musical instructors, respectively announce in our advertising columns that lessons will be resumed on Monday, 19th January. School duties at the ladies' school, Forest street, conducted by Mrs. and Miss Eastman, will be resumed on Monday, 26th instant. Messrs. Moffitt and Kitson announce in our advertising columns that they will sell the unsold balance of their stock of French Millinery Bonnets at half English cost price, and direct attention to the display of them in their show window. 