BUSH FIRES PREVENTION. The Chief Secretary demurs to the statement made in Thursday's Journal that the Government have this year taken " no very special steps'" to make known the provisions of the Bush Fires Act, and in support of his demurrer asks us to publish the subjoined information as supplied by the Government Printer. Bush-fire placards, it is stated, have been distributed as follows :—" Six copies to each Police Station, four to each Railway Station, two to each Local Court, one to every subscriber to the Gazette, one to every Justice of the Peace, one to every Publican. Institute, District Council, Corporation, and Survey Camp." It is further stated that " 200 copies were supplied to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, to enable him to send six to each Crown Lands Ranger, Dog Registrar, and Poundkeeper." It is added that, " to attract attention the words 'Prevention of Fire' were printed in red, and a line was added at the bottom, asking that such notice should be posted in a conspicuous position." We cheerfully comply with the request to give gratuitous publicity to this information ; but after all, what does it amount to as an answer to our assertion ? In the first place, we should like to know whether it is an exceptional thing to distribute these placards in the way described. K it is, there has been great remissness in the past; if it is not, what are the very special steps" that have been taken this year? With due deference to the Chief Secretary, we maintain that the ground is not nearly covered by the sending out of placards to Government functionaries, to public institutions, to public-houses, and to that highly privileged but comparatively select and limited class who subscribe to the Government Gazette. Even supposing that the copies forwarded to the Police Stations, Local Courts, Railway Stations, Institutes, &c.;, have all been religiously posted up in a conspicuous place, how many thousands of people are there who have the bad taste not to frequent these attractive places of resort 1 No doubt it is a happy thought to dispatch posters to publicans, and we are willing to assume that many members of this class are patriotic enough to display them conspicuously, red heading and all; but there are doubtless many others who quietly consign them to the flames or the dust heap. Moreoyer, the people who attend bars are not generally of a literary turn of mind, and it is questionable whether the placards attract much notice. We might similarly point out the inadequacy of the other steps upon which the Chief Secretary plumes himself ; but it is needless to do so, as it will be seen at a " glance that,useful as the measures adopted c are as far as they go, they manifestly the gTeat mass of the people whounquestionably ought to be reached. The most effective means of all—publicity through the newspaper Press— has been entirely tabooed. We unhesitatingly assert that for every ten persons who have had their attention drawn to the Act through the processes adopted by the Government, one hundred persons would have been reached through the Press. We need hardly point out that, through entirely foregoing that mode of circulating information this year, the Government really pass a severe censure upon themselves for the heavy outlay they went to in the same direction last year. It is further noteworthy that Post-Offices Beem to be excluded from the institutions which have been made by the Ministry mediums for advertising bush-fire notices. Why this omission it is difficult to conceive, but it assists in justifying the opinion expressed by us, which we see no reason to withdraw, that no "very special steps" have been adopted for making the country as a whole acquainted with the requirements of the law in the matter of bush fires. 