GUNDAROO In your last supplement I noticed a paragraph wherein there was a correction of a Melbourne paper notice respecting the oldest native (white) of Aus tralia and giving the lady's age as eighty-six. Perhaps it is not generally known that there is a gentleman now living within a few miles of Goulburn hale and hearty and who was for very many years a resident of this place and only left a short time ago for Tarago, the place alluded to above, who, I believe, has a prior right to be considered the oldest white native of Australia, I mean J. W. Packer Esq. J.P., who is now in his eighty-seventh or elghty.eighth year. I think this matter is really worth being cleared up to see who really is the oldest white native of the continent of Australasia. Our Comunon.--I notice by advertisement in the last Governmont Gazctto that a mooting of our commoners is called for Wednesday, the 28th instant, to receive a statolemelt of nooounit nil ulsel flne trustees for the elnning three years. It seems strange that it should be nade compulsory to adver tise inl the Gazetto, i paper that is so little soon by the community at larglo. llaceB.-The ilcotinl for arranging for our anunual races on St. LPatrick's Day is also to be held on the 28th instant, when a statement of accounts will be prodluced and the programme for the 17th March eoxt arranged. This meeting is called for four p.m., or ai hour after the " colmmonl meeting, so that those attending the one will have an opportunity of attending thu other. The English Circus.-Thlis company arrived hero and performed on Tuesday night to a very fair attendanco of residents, all things considered, seoing, that the last circus company disappointed them andl that they were drained so Imch of cash by the late Ihazallr, concert, &e.;, &eo.;, ?e. I ame told the circus company did their duty to those present, as the performalce was the best that had beeoon gone through hero by ay circus company for mansy a day, and I should judge so by the xcessive laughter anlld clappig of hands heard by those not inside the canva1s. Small Debts Court.--Next WeCIdnesday is tllhe day for heariug small debts ases, andl 1 hear of four or five cases being set down for that data. I have not heard of any police bsloiness being set down for that day yet ; but there is plenty of time, as a case may arise acy dlay. The Weathlr.-Lately we have had very warm weather, the thermometer having excooeeded ninety degrees in the shall. Yesterday it was very warni, anlld we had a thundorstorms with hail-stones ; but I have not heardof their having done any damage, A good steady shower of rain now would do good, as grass and everything is getting completely parched up. : I'm afraid there will be groat bush-fires this year., : '" . .: 8th Jaisuiry. 