TOBACCO CULTURE. During the present agitation respect- ing an additional duty of threepence per pound levied upon tobacco-leaf im- ported into South Australia, it has been pointeaout that the fact that no duty is charged in Now South Wales upon the home-grown tobacco of that country places New South Wales tobacco factories at a great advantage a* compared with similar factories here. It has been affirmed that of the leaf tobacco used in the factories of the older colony n about one-half is home grown ; so that in effect the duty of one shilling per pound on the imported article there is practically reduced to sixpence per pound upon the gross quantity used ; whereas here, in the abseuce of home grown leaf, the tjbicco manufacturers would have to pay cne shilling per pound upon their entire stock of leaf in the event of the South Australian tariff being assimilated permanently to that of New South Wales. Thi3, of course, assumes that the isew South Wales planter can, as a rule, place his produce in the Sydney market upon a level, both as regards quality and pri^-e, irrespective of duty, with the American leaf; that, in other words, the measure of protection which the one-shiUingperpounddutyaffordsisnot necessary in New South Wales to enable the home-grown leaf to compete with the foreign article. It also supposes that »'m«u cuuuisions cannot be reckoned upon here. The assumption in the one case may be correct, but it certainly has not yet been shown that tobacco culture ' here is not one of many industries which are only awaiting the establishment of a ready - demand in order to furnish a useful, and perhaps an abundant supply. On the contrary, experiments upon a small scale made at various times and in different localities indicate that within the wide limits of South Australia proper are to be found the requisite canditions, as regards climate and soil, for the production of the tobacco plant. About twenty yeara ago considerable at tention was given to this matter. Different kinds of the plant were tried, and some very fine leaves of Connecticut, Virginia, and Havana varieties were produced. Unfortunately, more was required than soil and climate, however bountiful, could yield. Perfectly formed tobacco leaves, like faultless grapes, were of small account in the absence of suitable appliances, and requisite knowledge, and manipulating skill. Some leaves were prematurely gathered ; others were spoiled in attempts to 'sweat' them. Nor were the natural results of such unavoidable mismanagement the only 3is:ouraging experiences to which the jxperimental planters were exposed. Tobacco manufacturing in the colonv was men in a very mlantile stage indeed, and not at all assured of its own progressive powers. No doubt upon this account it did not feel able to give much of a helping hand to the industry upon which its own success in the long run must depend. Be this as it may, it. will doubtless be remembered by not a few of the pioneer planters that when they brought their samples to town and asked what price they might rely upon getting in the event of their going largely into the culture of tobacco, the replies received were so thoroughly disheartening that the only sane alternative left them was to let the venture drop, and to turn their attention to less unprofitable work. It was stipulated, on the one hand, that tha tobacco leaves were to be faultlessly marketable, and then, on the other hand, in consideration of their being colonial, the price offered for them was absurdly low. It is remarkable that whilst certain manufacturers call, out loudly for pro tection for their special products because they are colonial products, they ippear to be willing that their country x-usins — the producers of the raw mate rial — should enjoy the very reverse of notection for the same reason, The manufacturer clamours to be put into a position in which he may claim for his products rather more than their market ralue in selline them to his eountrv cousins, the argument being, ' Oh ! they are colonial manufactures ; it is right and proper to foster native industries.' But when the country cousin comss to market with his colonial cheese, his colonial wine, or his colonial tobacco-leaf, he is expected to sell it at little more than half its value because it is colonial. It is not 'right and proper to foster colonial industry' in his case. Competent persons have remarked again and again that the soil and climate of this province are admirably suited to meet all the requirements of many valuable varieties of vegetation which yet are not cultivated to any appre ciable extent The cost of labour here, as compared with that in European and Eastern countries, comes in as a drawback no doubt, but this consideration, instead of inducing the one-sided ' reciprocity referred to, should surely, if allowed to operate at all, work the other way.* Until very recently the idea of profitably manu facturing olive oil here was regarded very generally as Utopian, and yet the olive trees, like vines and tobacco plants, have been seen to grow well, and to bear well too. Now, happily South Australian olive oil is beginning to take a leading place in the market, and to command a fair price. The uphill work of creating a demand may now be said to be over, and the supply of oil is not likely to fail. In the ordinary course of things, however, demand should precede sipply, and no doubt this rule will have to. be observed if Adelaide tobacco factories are to be aided in their operations as the Sydney factories are, by homegrown leaf. It may fairly be assumed that having now established their business, and provided themselves with the requisite machinery for carrying it on, the tobacco manu facturers in Adelaide are in a much better position to offer encouragement to the local growth of tobacco than they were in twenty years ago. And if there is a reasonable prospect in this case of a steady demand producing a trust worthy supply to an appreciable ex tent, there can be no doubt as to the course which should be pursued in order to put the tobacco interest of Soath Australia upon a level with that of New South Wales. The Northern Territory has been referred to as a hopeful future source of supply, and probably with good reason. But there appears also good cause to believe that, the rich flats and lower slopes of the hills in moist localities amongst the ranges withiD a radius of fifty or sixty miles of Adelaide might bo largely utilized in the production of excellent leaf tobacco, if only the requisite outlay were justified by ade quate demand at fairly remunerative rates. Indeed some very fine tobacco plauts have bten grown upon tha plains. Provided that a suitable sita be selected and the soil !-e pro perly pulverized, there is no great art required in the rearing . of the plants. It would proUbly ba risky for tho grower to attempt to carry matters beyond the stage of. growing and drying the leaves. Any further manipulation would require an expert Probably tho manufacturers would undertake all further manipulation themselves ; but if not, then the growers would be obliged, no doubt, to have recourse to the 'asso- ciated factory' plan, so that an expert might put the produce of many planta tions into marketable condition. The tobacco plant is an annual, and must therefore be planted afresh each year; but its leaves, unlike the fruit of the vine,' require but a short time after their maturity to fit them for the market in their first atage ; no that, supposing the operation to be profitable, it would h* associated with quick returns. Should the present tariff-scare lead to such a con summation as the starting of tobacco planting uponajarge scale it will prove to be a blessinjj in disguise. We cam mend this matter to the consideration of the Agricultural and Horticultural So ciety now, upon the principlo that it is well to strike while the iron is hot, feeling sure that should private enterprise be willing to renew the culture of tobacco in South Australia that useful Society will be found able and willing to disseminate valuable information respect ing the matter in hand. Perhaps it may be necessary to obtain seed from abroad, and it would be helpful to persons intend ing to do so to be informed beforehand which variety or varieties would be likely to succeed best in their case. The Havana leaf is smaller than the Connec ticut or Virginia varieties, but it is said to be more highly prized on accouut of the excellence of its flavour. Probably in practice it would be found advisable to cultivate the more prolific kinds as a rule, but flavoured, as it were, by a certain proportion of Havana plants. ine remarks we have thus made are intended to show that there is good reason to demur to the assumption that tobacco cannot ba profitably grown in South Australia ; and also, if possible, to turn the present anxiety respecting a supply of tobacco-leaf to local advantage. While it is desirable that the local fac tories should not te arbitrarily subjected to unfair outside competition, there is reason to hope that things may be put upon their proper footing, in due courso, not by levelling outside factories down to the local ones, in point of privilege, bat by levelling the latter up to tho former, by an abundant local growth of the ra-.v material. Thb Garokhb.— ThU vessel passed Cape Borda at 1 o'clock yeaterdny, and reached the inchorage at the Semaphore about h&lf-paat; 10 laat night. She left Plymouth on November L3 and the Cape on December 10. jruBi-vi-riL-B DTATI3TIC8 FOB 1BS0.— By the courtesy of the Postmajwr-Getieral and Super intendent of Telegraphs (Mr. Todd, O.M.G.), we are enabled to publish the following interesting statietica as to the busiueiui c»rried on ia hii department daring tho y-«r 1880:— Number of local messages, 414,005 ; number of interooloiial messages, 121 ,935; total, 538,840. Cash received in colony, £35,515 9a. 9il. Number of oable messages forwarded by South Australia, 1,870; received by South Australia, 3,029. Gross number of cable mcB»»g, s forwarded by all the coloniei, 12,759 ; cable irn ?Haigeg reedvud by all the colonies, 14,805 VVue or international trsffio forwarded, £84,915 7*.; do. received, £87,705 7a. South ^AuNtrnliaa proportion of irternstional business, £ai,S31 18s. lid. During the yiar new station) h*ve b*-en opened at lhe following places: — Wirrabara.Oapo Willoaghby Tcatree Gnlly, Willisrnntown, Mullala, Terowie, Snowtown, Exchange. Vnr.owie, Qaara. Unley, O:roroo, and a new branch office at Narracoorte. New Yejlb'b Holidays —We nnderaUnd|th»t the Government Ofikea are to be closed on Saturday and Monday next, New Yew's D»y, and January 3. Tbahwat Betdrks.— The number of persons conveyed on the Adelaide and Suburban Tram way on December 24, was 10,457, and on the Anniversary of the Colony 14,198. New Zealand Accidkst Insurancr Oom rAKT. — As will be seen by a reference to our advertising columns, this Company hat bought the business of the Autttralagian Accident Assu rance Association, and in now carrying on its enlarged business. We are desired to call atteMivn to a special table, which prorides th.it by making a single 1 ay ment proportionate to tbe cge of the holder a policy can be secured for a certain sum, psjaMe iu the event of acci dent or death. Catholic Perkanhnt Bpildiso amd Irvest JtiST Societt.— A meeting of this new Society will be held in St. Fraucia Xavier's Hall this evening, the Very Eev. P. Byrne, V.G., pre siding. The business Is to confirm therules and enrol members. We understand that a very large number of shares are already taken up. Hrabtlrss Eobbhbt. — A cruel robbery was perpetrated at the residence of Mrs. Tolly, iu Jacob- street, Gawler, on Christmas Day. It appears that Mrs. Tally, previous to going to church on that day, dt* ponited her purie, con taining seven one- pound note*, in a box in her bedroom, which was left unlocked, but on Tues day was surprised to 6ud that tbe money was gore. Information was immediately given to the police, but op to thr present time no clue to the Ibitf has been received. Tn« Aebociatxox Elkvbh v. Twrntt-two or thb 8ecohd Elkvkj«8 Match.— The players picked to represent the Twenty-two ia this match oa Monday next are Messrs. O. Rankin, W. O. Dennees, Go)d»wonby, and W. Hipwell (Norwoods), J. Obittleboroagb, IL R. Jarris, and F. Howell (Hindmarsh), F. Furnell, O. Talbor, T. ReeB, aud Wneiing (Kcnts), H.H. Sowter, aiid B. A. lie-are (Kensington), J. Chennell, R. Felly, 'Wle, und K. B. Colton (North Adelaides), J. Do&utU; (South Adelaide*;. The emergeccy re^n ».re Messrs. Stireby, J. Dixon, A. Lncas, A. W. Ralph, Wardrop, Scott, Bennett, and PouoBttt. Imkigratiom asd V.inonATioK. — Tho number of persons who arriv. ii m Port Adelaide by sea from other parU iluriug the week ending Saturday, ^December '2.J, was 339. Of these 338 came Itom Mtlbo lrue and 1 from Lcmdon. The camber of persons who left by similar meats during the like jieriod was 791. Of tissue 709 went to M ..-!-?: -rnc, 14 to London, 81 to Cape Town, 11 to T^mauia, and 9 to Sydney. Thb Military DEii^taATio* at Gawlhb. —We are requested to swte that member! of tbe Local Military Force »nd Rifle Association, although iu uuiform, will not ba able to travel free on tbe Kortb and Purr lines of railway on Mocday, January 3, wbri, the military demon stration ifl to be held M Oawler. Mischief akd Petty TnEFia.— Among the annoyances to wtiich p»-rsou» at the Semaphore have lately bc-en subjected baa been the setting f drift of the boate anchored off the jetty. This kicd of mischief has become rather too common of late. In another column will be found an advertisement offering a rt-ward for the discovery if the per«on who on Sunday night but indulged in a freak of this kiud We learn, too, that on the Proclamation Lay ♦here were several cases of rocket-picking at tb*- Bty. No doubt the police will take a note of these facts, if they have not already done so. THB SKWAGB WOEZS AMD TOT POUXTIOS of ran Tohbsss.— Regarding the question of Tonens pollation referred to in the Regular of December 29, we have received the following ' memorandum from the office of the Hydraulic ; Engineer. We are glad to observe from this ? tbat in the coarse of nest week the present stream o! sewage will be diverted from the river and conveyed to the neighbourhood of Tim O'Shanter Belt : — ' The sewage which now flows ' iuto the rivei by the Railway Bridge is precisely ti.at which used to tiow into the river at several : points higher up. Upon the completion of the aain sewer on the south aiiis of the river, the ; o:J sewers, which used to discharge their cou ttuts direct into the river along its coarse ' tLrough the city, were intercepted, and the ? whole taken down and discharged at the Rail* ' vtay Bridge. This was done, not to facilitate j the construction of the severs in any way, but | because it waa thought preferable that the f sewage should be thrown into the river below the city rather than that it should be allowed to continue to foul the river-bed throughout it* course from the Botanic Gardens do*ni?arda. The nuisance was thus removed further from the main portion of the city. The alteratioa wua made at the suggestion of the Hydraulic Engineer, and with the strong approval of the City Corporation and of the Board of Health Should it be deemed desirable, the original state of affairs could be restored at any moment, and the old sewers allowed to resume their former course. Such a proceeding would, however, in the opinion of the Hydraulic Kogineer, be most ucadviaable, more especially as before the end of Etxt week the present stream of sewage will be ?wholly diverted from the river, and will be allowed to flow down to tie Sewage Farm. Bat far the dispute which arose as to the site for the Sewage Farm, the sewage would long ere this have been removed far from Adelaide. Seeing tbat the report of the Sewage Farm Commission was presented on the 29th September, 1S79, and that the main sewer is 7,58:3 jards— or about four milea and k half in length— bo one can com plain of want of expedition in the construction c i the sewerage works.' Dr. Gosse, the President of the Central Board of Health, has informed us j that, previous to the appearance of our leader on this question, he had been in communication I with the Hydraulic Engineer, Mr. Oswald ; Brown, who had already taken action with a view to abate the nuisance. He had in- ! creased the rapidity of the now of sewage ! itto the river near the Railway Bridge ) -o as to prevent the accumulation of itagnant waters on the tlas. We learn tbat Mr. Charles White, of Falhim. j has icstructed Messrs. Bray k Sheridan to i write to the Corporation that they will apply for an injunction from the Supreme Court against the Corporation to make them put a j ?top to the nuisance unless it is shortly abated I without this. Mr. White has shown ns a ] specimen of the water obtained by him from the river, which is certainly anything bat in viting. Xhb Mbbmaid. — The steam-tender which is to take the place of the much- maligned but nevertheless very useful Fairy at Glenelg for the mail service is now almost ready for duty. She lies in the stream at Port Adelaide, having the finishing touches pat to her cabin and engines. As a model she -is really a credit to her builder, G. Playfair, of Birkenhead, Poet Adelaide, who has established his reputation for wtatherly craft of graceful lines. It is not oi:en that fine lines prove all-round good qualities, bat there is a look of bard-weather work about the Mermaid that few who nave ftcn her will be inclined to doubt, although she t&s; not been in the rough-and-tumble of the Bay yet. She has) a good entrance and clean c. livery, the lines of her hull being apparently yjst in the right place to let her slip through the '.water easily, and yet give her stability. She has a straight stem, a good rise in tfe bow, and on elliptical stern. Her leegth is SO feet over-all, beam 14 feet, and depth amidships 8 feet. The material used for the bottom planking is pitchpine, Kauri top tides, American elm timbers (steamed), with wood and iron floors. All her deck-frame is of iron, and there are 18-inch iroa stringers nnder the covering boards, to give greater strength. The cabin, which is forward, is 20 feet lorg an 1 14 feet wide, very neatly panelled in painted icaple, with oak styles and rails. The seats, which run right round the cabin, are cushioned with red plush. Just forward of the cabin is a pantry. The cabin is well lighted with sky lights. Aft of the cabin below is the lavatory ami other accommodation. Aft is a space fitted with plain banks for the men. The engine room is quite a spacious place, and is fitted with cLe of Plenty k Sons' 35-horsepower high prmure engines, with tubular boiler. The screw b three- bladed,and it ia believed that ten knots will be about the steamer's average. The room for the mailbsgs ia ample. The Mermaid has two masts ou swivels, co that one can be lowered over the stern and the other over the bow in tad weather. The deck space for passengers is first-rate, seats being fitted all round from stem to stem. Altogether the Mermaid is a likely looking craft, and seemingly well fitted for the purpoas to which she is to be pat. The little Ftiry, wbo has 'done the State some service,' will doubtless be thrown in the shade by her formidable well-Droportioned rival, for the Mtrmaid Icaka as if she could go and stand any ?weather — even 'mail weather,' which is pro verbially a tough thing to tackle. Her owners are Messrs. J. F. Wigley, Anderson, Boothby, aud W. Mair. Probably the will be ready in time for next mail steamer. Ariel, ob tot Flits* Bot. — This exhibition was well attended yesterday, especially in the evening, and Ariel made a number of ascent* at rbort intervals between 2 and 6 and 8 and 10 o'clock. There was a good deal of guessing as to how the ascent is made, and in obedience to the demands of those who went determined to £nd oat all about the mystery the lights round the table were turned op and down, but though tfce spectator is able to approach pretty close to the white table, the problem as to how the trick is done was not solved. Tbe Art Gallery, where tie exhibitions are being given, ia open to visitors during the whole day, and we under stand that a number of Joliastone's pictures are shortly to be on view there. The Flying Bjy will ascend at short intervals from 2 till 10, except tttween the hoars of 3 and S. Wallaroo Railway Pasmsgmi Stattoic.— Very £tave dissatisfaction (writes oar corre g;Gcdent) b felt at the fact of the Government ignoring this towa by negleetiDg to erect a railway passenger station. At present passen gers have to alight from the train on to a spot covered with loose road metal and rubbish, and ttand about the shunting-ground until ;he train starts The wonder is that some serious acci c*int has not occurred. It was intended that a Otputttion should wait on Mr. Hawker on the t-i ca»ion of the Governor's visit, bat the Com n iasioner did not come on shore, nor has be sent »i y explanation to tbe Council, although the Riftjor telegraphed to him at Port Augusta -u*-iuainting him of th«ir desire to consult with him in relation to several works of importance in connection with the town. The railway pi-l-Dg is also entirely inadequate to the rtquiteineutaof the place. There is only the oLe tmiing, and at times the train that arrives i» locgt-r than the siding, consequently the loss of time and inconvenience caused i* considerable. A csthaxu Cob rn-H3ATBD.— We have received from the Rev. James Jefferis, LL.B., author, topy of a pamphlet published by Mr. George Robertson, embodying the text of the lecture delivered by Mr. Jefferis in the Town Hall, Ade laide, on June 17 last oo. 'Australia Confede rated,' together with the reports extracted from the Knitter of the speeches delivered on the occuion by His Excellency the Governor, who prf Bided, and the other distinguished gentle men. Bound np with the pamphlet, which w printed in good bold type, is the text cf articles from the Adelaide Observer, tho *» hey Morning Herald, and the Coionia and Jm- ia commenting upon the lecture. In a short preface, dated December 18, Mr. Jefferis ex plains his reasons for discussing the subject, and »x; rinses his earnest belief in its importance. Hr Bltndes to the results of the recent Con \- r. r. ure in Melbourne as very encouraging, and concludes thus: — 'It was my intention to l*ve delivered the lecture in Sydney a;d Melbourne as well as in Adelaide, ' but the 'incessant talk' inseparable from rry vocation has produced such great weiK £-**« of the cheat that my doctor has imposed cpon me twelve months of silence. I hope to O'e my enforced leisure in studying some of .the weightier problems of life as they are presented ia the social and political institutions cf Europe ai d America.' We donbt rot ihit tba result cf these studies will, on Mr. Jefferis's return to ?Australia, be duly communicated to tbs pnblic, tr.ii prove serviceable in correcting erroneoaa irrortMton*, and in otherwise conveying useful ittfroca to these young communities. Pbahcb's Combd»atiuH Cokfaut.— This very *D-u«iug company drew a better house on 'Wi-dnesrfny eveuiug, December 29. The Sli&ses; T»j!or and Eamble. for their double song and -3»cct, bad to respond to an encore. Mr. A. *S«r.vw, for his pedestal skate d*nce, ag\in calird forth rounded applansi'. Master Oar v -Iro tMitihted the audience with his feata on *h.- invHMe wire; while Mbs Lillie Taylor -'- iiM not satisfy tne audience until she had re »l r-\ir*» for her character song ' To the Sema lluf.'' The company will appear again this *tir.ivg. bV-UDAY Gmksert.— A correspondent calls tf.Ltion to tbe great risk from ere which many of tb« Acelau'e shopkeepers are at present JLcnrricg Jd allovioji the withered branches of trt ft itnd shrubs us^d in Christmas decorations t-- rt main fastened to verandah- posts and shop- fr.ii.'.. xhe dead leaw oi the eucalyptus espe ri-i'y are like dry wood shavings, and if touehed ?*» a s lighted match will bUz« up in a sheet of GLE3 OSKOSO AMD FCIXABTOH TrAVWAY. — A meeting was hell on Wednesday evening, at the Arab Steed Hotel, Hatt-street, to d'neuss the 'merits cf the proposed tramway scheme. Mr, Hennicg, M P., was voted to the chair, and spoke at »om» leDgth upon the advantages such a tramway would be to the residents in Hutt stteet acd the streets feeding that thorough fare, conceetiss as it would the south-east pirt of tfce ci:y with the centre of business. He re garded the probable atone traffic alluded to in the prospectus as a thing of the future, but thought the passenger traffic would be the main stay of the venture, and he felt convinced tb.»t as an investment for capital it would before long become a dividend-pajing concern. Ia respect to tbe laying down tee rails on tbe side or crown of the road he woald not offer any opinion on the matter, btit urged thos* who held decided opinions to put those men on the Board who would advocate their views. A resident enquired whether that portion of the line leading off from the Fountain Inn could be dropped for the present,, as it did not appear that it would be remunerative f:r a loa ^ time. The Chairman replied that the land being cut up and sold on the Fullarton-road would bring business to the line, and under no circumstances could the plan as suggested be altered now that so rcaay shares had been applied for in terms of the prospectus. Another resident recommended that the promoters should purchase land, which weald on the completion of the line materially assist in tbe declaration of dividends. The Chairman replied that this was not a Laud Company, and it would not have been fair for the promoters to have bought up Iind and then ask the public to construct the line psst it. Mr. Saunders proposed — 'That it is essential to this end of the city that a tramway should be constructed along Uutt-street to Gien Osmond, and that the promoters of the scheme be re quested to persevere in the undertaking.' Mr. Lowe seconded the proposition, and quoted the success and comfort ot tramways in New Zealand and other places he had visited. The resolution was carried nem. con. Some dis cussion ensued a* to whether steam-motors or horse traction would be beat. The Chairman referred to the opposition that the Adelaide City Council bad shown to steam traction through the city, although ia Sydney and else where it was permitted. A vote of thanks to tbe Chairman closed the meeting. THBGATVI.ERFRIEirDLTSoCIETIB.V FESTIVAL. — The Gawler United Friendly Societies' concert was given^at the Gawler Institute Hall on Tuesday evening, December 23. Tbe pro gramme was a long and varied one, and was not concluded till late ; both of the overtures were given by Mr. W. S. Harvey on six instru ments, the manipulation of which fairly brought down the house. Mr. Alfred Parks gave two songs ; Mr. H. J. Garrood, of Adelaide, who is an old Gawler favoarite, also gave two soDgs, the 'Death of Nelson' beiDg especially enjoyed. Mrs. T. C. Beadnall and Miss Broofcs gave a duet, 'The Gondolier's Good-night,' for which they received an impera tive encore, which was really well deserved, and the former lady bowed her acknowledg ment. Mrs. J. N. Richards sang ' The Young Ladj's 'No,'' also 'The Rich Man's Bride.' Mr. George Filsell, from Fort Adelaide, also an old Gawler resident, was warmly received in his two soiigs, 'The Gravedigger' and 'Chiming Bella.' Dr. Popham sang twj songs, viz., '* Will-o'-the-wisp' and ' The Vaga bond,' and was encored. The song, 'Break, break,' given by Mrs. T. C. Beadnall, was undoubtedly the piece of the evening. Miss Leichert's songs— u Napolitaine' and *? Smiling Faces' — were capitally received, especially the latter. Hr. 6. Filsell's song, ??Wrecked and Saved,' was highly ap preciated. The proceedings were brought to a close by the company singing the National Anthem. Daring the interval Mrs. Dawes (wife of Dr. Dawes), who had taken an active part in collecting the amount for the Ladies' Parse, presented the prizes won at the sports daring the day. This beiBg over, the Mayor of Gawler (Mr. H. Dean) proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Dawes for distributing the prizes, and foe the great personal incanve nience she had gone to in collecting the money for the Ladies' Parse, which was carried unani mously. Bush Fibe3. — Afire broke out on the western side of Mr. Angas's Collingrove Estate on Tues day morning last, and at one time became most alarming, threatening to destroy large paddo:ks of thick grass where sheep and cattle were grazing. Bat by dint of great exertion on the part of Mr. Angas and hia men and neighbours, the ravages of the names were checked and the fire got under, although not before a large area of land had been entirely denuded of grass and the fences had been more or less damaged. It is sappoced that tha fire originated through the most culpable carelessness of the delinquent, ?who richly deserves to be punished not only for the damage to property bat also for spoiling the Christmas holiday of a number of deserving men. Fihb ra thb Asgas Recbeatiox Park.— A few nights ago the people of Angaston and suburbs were greatly alarmed by what appeared to be a large fire in their midst. Some youths heedless of law and danger had set fire to the lorg grass in the park with a view to improving the oval for their Christmas cricket matches, and the night being hot and the grass very dry tbe fire spread with greater rapidity than was anticipated, filling the air with columns ot smoke and lighting np the surrounding space for some distance, and alarming all who had crops or other property near. However, by the time these persona bad arrived to extinguish tbe fire it had subsided and no further damage was done than giving a needless alarm to several persons and violating the Bushfires Act, which nnrfnnhi: haa Tint mrAnfti thA viuilank ppa of trip resident trooper. Thb NoAELrnoA Racks.— In another column will be found the programme of the Noarlnngi Races, to be held on Saturday next. Sen Fibh Offich.— Mr. T. D. Pearson has been appointed the Adelaide agent for the Sun Fire Office, a position resigned by Mr. J. F. Yuill when he accepted the appointment of Adjuster of Claims to the Adelaide Fire Insurers' Association in place of Mr. J. T. Turn ball, who had resigned. Acldemt of Music. — There was a very good attendance at the Academy of Music on Wednesday evening, when the pantomime 'Nursery Bhymps' was repeated, to the great satisfaction of the audience. The transforma tion scene was loudly applauded. Ths E»cu£H Cibcts. — This popular place of amusement was again well attended last even ing, and the various feats, equestrian, acrobatic, and comic, were all received with great ap plause. The pantomime of ' Ride-a-Cock Horse' afforded any amount of fan also to the youngsters present. Fibxs at Gaxder akd Hiltok.— A fire broke out in a grass paddock near Camden at noon on Tuesday, and, there being a southerly wind at the time, the flames spread rapidly and burned the grass and fences in their course past Sir Thomas Eldet's and Messrs. Sherrard's and Carpester'g premises. They were stopped, however, by the saltbush. About 1 o'clock on the same day a fire occurred near the Flympton Station, and burnt all Mr. Hancock's grass and garden, his dwelling-house being saved only by the strenuous efforts of himself and neighbours. This destroyed about 15 acres, but a road pre vented it from goiDgon to Mr. Parkin's pre mises. Ttere was also a fire at Hilton about tbe same time, bat this did not do much dsmsge. It is supposed by the geatlemm to whom we are indebted for the information that tbe whole of this destruction of property was caused by sparks from the engine of the Hold fast Bay Railway train. Gak^eb's Thbatbb.— There was another good attendance at this place of amusement on Wednesday afternoon and evening, December 29, when Professor Pepper presented his enter tainment of ghosts, tableaux, and sketches. Every one greatly epjoyed the varioas items on the prcgramme. Tna Yobkb's Pbxissci a Akttal Reg±tta.— This regatta, which is to be held on Mouday, January 3, bids fair to be one of the most sneccsaf til that has yet taken place at Wallaroo. About £S0 are offered as prizes, an^J the whole of the events are likely to be well contested. Fcr the first-class sailing race there are some I likely craft belorging to tne Bay. while a number of others from Moonta are expected to compete. Tbe pulling matches will also prove interesting, as several new boats have been built ; and for the Champion Four-cared Race a sister gig to the Irene, already at Wallaroo, has been built by Mr. Piayfair, of Port Adelaide. This race, therefore, is likely to be more keenly contested this year than on any former occasion, for although regattas have been held for the j past twelve years withont int«rmi«ion, this will be the first ocewaa in which ;tvo gigs exactly alike will hivr competed. | Corcrr.r.— A concert in aid cf tha Cora : merciil Trsv«'lUrs' Aisooiatioa will be given I in the £ !I*-rr IlftU this evening. A mast attrac tive programme has been prepared, in which several well-known professional* and amateurs I will take part. Mr. W. R. Pybos will act as ? musical director. | Tubathb Rot it. — The popularity of tbe '? pantomime performed at this place is c«it«ia!y cot upon the wane, for there was a crowded ! boose on Wednesday evening, every individual ! of the audience testifying by laughter and ap plaose to the success of the efforts made by ; tte company. The march of the lillipntian : Grenadiers and Highlanders was exceedingly ! well received. 