THE POLITICAL CAMPAIGN IN SCOTLAND. Aa the time of tho dissolution draws near both the great political parties in Great Britain are redoubling their efforts +n oopi.m mom fiffective organization. Bv the Liberals especially attention is being given to this department of political duty. Until comparatively lately their oppo nents had the most perfect method and practised stricter discipline, but a remarkable change ha3 taken place Binco the introduction of tho Bir mingham system. Though there con tinues to be too much of division in tho camp, the party ia nothing like tho ropo of sand it used to be. Having learned wisdom by defeat, influential Liberals throughout tho Kingdom havo striven to promote united action and repress that which is diviaivo ; so that now in every important political centre there i3 a Liberal organization which watches over the interests of tho party with vigilance and care. This improvement in electioneering strategy and discipline produced unexpected results in the muni cipal elections of November last, and ia already shaping the coming campaign in Scotland. The victories won l-y tho Liberals in the tnunicipil contests aro ? e ; coining general elections ; they are attri buted to the more skilful conduct of the Btrufgle, and have inspired the conquerors with new courage. An exhaustive ac count of the election prospects in Scot land, which appeared in the Times, show3 that they are preparing to do battle all along the line, and with sanguine anticipa tions of success. As Mr. Gladstone is -wooing a Scotch constituency, the state of political feeling north of the Tweed possesses unusual interest ; but apart from the Midlothian contest there ia much to attract attention. The Conservative reaction of 187-4 cost the Liberals a number of seats, and it appears that they are determined not only to Trin these back again if possible, but to contest every Conservative seat in the Kingdom. The strongholds of that party are to be attacked with unwonted energy and reso lution. Mr. Gladstone ha3 set the example by appearing as a candidate for a county that has been held by the Con servatives for thirty-four years ont of the last forty, and 'whatever may be the expense and riBk every election will be contested where there is a Conser vative candidate. The fact that arrangements have already been made, and in nearly every instance the candidate selected, indicates the prevailing earnestness and the intensity which characterizes the strife. There is being conspicuously manifested in the plan of the campaign a determination to fight the battle on broad political questions. As far as possible local feeling is held in abeyance and the general isaue kept dis tinctly in the foreground. The Dundee election ia held to prove the inflexible determination that prevails to maintain this position. Mr. Yeaman, who is the sitting member, was re turned as a Liberal in 1874 by ?an overwhelming majority, but having voted with the Government during the last two sessions the old love is entirely abandoned. He will be treated as a Con servative pure and simple, notwith standing his past services and personal popularity, and his rejection is already a 'foregone conclusion. In this, as in other cases, it is intended that the elections shall distinctly prove the general dis approbation of the foreign policy of the Government. On their part the Conservatives have not been idle. Foreseeing the desperate nature of the struggle to which they are committed they have adopted extraordi nary measures to maintain their pre sent influence. Everything that in genuity could devise or money purchase has been done, by the manu facture of ' faggot' votes and otherwise, to strengthen the Tory constituencies. In Midlothian particularly this method of influencing the result has attracted great attention. Besides this, a ' Scottish Election Expenses Fund' has been started and has received liberal Bup port, its object being to defray the expenses of candidates who might hesitate to go to war at their own charges. This fund is understood to be under the control of a ?Central Conservative Association, which has an organization of perhaps unex ampled elaborateness. The minuteness of detail into which, the regulations enter forcibly reminds one of Marshal O'Neil's famous report to the Emperor of France on the state of the army — that it was complete to the last .gaiter-button. They embrace not only Buoh ordinary subjects as tho registration -of voters, but descend to specification of the canvassers' books and the agents' envelopes. This perfect equipment and accumulation of resources is designed for attack as well as defence. It is the habit of Conservatives to represent their antagonists as hope lessly divided. Their aim will be to foment 'whatever divisive feeling can be discovered, and wherever there ia a contest between two or more Liberals a Conservative candidate will be produced, even though the chances of success may appear to be only slender. At present the Conservatives hold nineteen seats to the Liberals forty-one. They are bound to lose some of their later acquisitions, but there is a wide field for enter prise in the prospective contests between Liberal candidates, and every effort will be made to recoup them selveB by taking advantage ef such cases Throughout Scotland the coming elections, whenever they take place, will occasion unprecedented excitement, and the keen neBS of the conflict in the metropolitan county will be paralleled throughout the length and breadth of the land. So far as present appearances go the general result will certainly be favourable to the Liberals. The party lost ground at the last general election from the twin causes of apathy and disunion. In 1S74: some of the Conservative candidates were allowed to walk over the 'course, but nothing of that kind will be allowed againr Disunion is still a Bource of weakness, but its dangers are distinctively recognised, and much is being done to diminish them. Ad vocates of disestablishment, land law reform, local option, and similar pet principles are earnestly instructed, and not altogether without success, that their sole chance of success is to moderate their zeal about secondary things till the critical time is over. The late conference at Glasgow afforded one among many proofs that intelligent Scotchmen are amenable to reason. It is now declared that 'recent by-elections hare Berved to show that, however alarm ing Liberal disunion may be in the earlier stages of a contest, it rarely survives the selection of candidates, and that when that step has been taken the party can be tolerably homogeneous.' Scottish Liberalism has evidently renewed its vigour, and the activity it is displaying will atimulate similar energy in other parts of the nation. The financial mismanagement and reckless prodigality of the present Government is enough of itself to alienate their Scotch supporters. In addition to this there i3 general dis content with the scanty attention paid to domestic— and particularly Scotch — legis- lation. Whatever may be the case in Midlothian, it is probable that in Scotland generally the Liberals will at least re cover their former commanding position. Police Cockt Prosecutions.— There aie Eome pointa connected with proseeu tims in Police Courts which furnish j.ioiu.d fcr constant and well-grounded ccm plaint. One of tlieee was dealt with in the recent tnrcnlar to Jastices issued ' by the Attorney-General. Cases have occurred in which informations have been issued upon the most inadequate grounds. It is true that in the great majority of ; such instances the prosecution fails, and the defendant is at once discharged; but in the meanwhile he has been subjected ts the indignity — an indignity of ten accom panied with expense — of being publicly accused and having to appear before the Magistrate as a common malefactor. It may be said that he ha3 his reaedy against 4the prosecutor ; but it sometimes happens that prosecutors are men of straw, having neither reputation nor money to lose, and ic such cases all that is left to the unfortunate victim of a mis guided alacrity on the part of the- Justice in the issue of a criminal process is to derive such satisfaction a3 he can from the Magisterial assurance that he leaves the Court without a stain upon his character. Of course it is not the duty of the Justice to institute a searching pre liminary examination, for that would virtually commit him to give judgment against the defendant when the matter comes before the Ccurt ; but he is bound to see that a man is not upon trivial grounds, and at the in stance of some harebrained, hasty, or malicious person, subjected to the pain of mind and body involved in a public appearance as .a quasi-criminaL Another serious ground of complaint in connec tion with Police Court matters is the absence of discrimination in the mode of dealing with different sorts of cases. This is an old grievance, but none the less does it demand attention. It is a crying disgrace that people who have to answer for breaches of the Width of Tires Act and the Lights on Vehicles Act and such like venial transgressions should be brought before the Magistrate' in precisely the same way as the most confirmed criminal and be compelled to consort with degraded aad un savoury habitues of the Police Court. A striking illustration of how this practice works was afforded by the proceedings in the Adelaide Police Court on Thursday. Some ofheious person, prompted doubtless by the hope of obtain ing one moiety of the fine which the Magis trate is empowered to impose for viola tions of the law, had laid a string of in formations under the Dog Act. This necessitated the appearance in Court of the owners of the dog3 declared to be unregistered. Among these were well-known colonists of high reputation, and delicate ladies who probably had never before breathed 'the atmosphere of a Police Court. All these had to stand up pretty much in the same place where the worst offenders stand, and reply to the charge brought against them. In this particular instance it was found that the Registrar's books were imperfect, and Mr. Beddome very properly dis missed the informations in the most peremptory way ; but this, ' so far from weakening, greatly strengthens the indict ment against the system. It is intoler able that respectable persons, even if they are guilty, should be subjected to the ignominy of presenting themselves in com pany with the lowest classes of the com munity to answer these trumpery and essentially civil complaints. Some remedy should be found for such a state of things, either through the establishment of a Mayor's Court or of some jurisdiction which, while vindicating the majesty of the law, will protect the subject against uncalled for and unwarrantable indignity. ♦ — Busn Fibes Prevention*. — The Chief Secretary demurs to the statement made in Thursday's Begijter that the Govern ment have this year taken ' no very special steps' to make known the provisions-of the Bush Fires Act, and in support of his demurrer asks us to publish the subjoined information as supplied by the Government Printer. Bush- fire placards, it is stated, have been distributed as follows : — ' Six copies to each Police Station, four to each Kail way Station, two to each Local Court, one to every subscriber to the Gazette, one to every Justice of the Peace, one to every Publican. Institute, District Council, Corporation, and Survey Camp.' It is further stated that ' 200 copies were sup plied to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, to enable him to send six to each Crown Lands Ranger, Dog Registrar, and Pound keeper.' It is added that, ' to attract attention the words ' Prevention of Fire' were printed in red, and a line was added at the bottom, asking that such notice should be posted in a conspicuous position.' AVe cheerfully comply with the request to give gratuitous publicity to this information ; but after all, what does it amount to a3 an answer to our assertion ? In the first place, we should like to know whether it is an exceptional thing to distri bute these placards in the way described. If it is, there has been great remissnesa in the past ; if it is not, what are the 'very special steps' that have been taken this year I With due deference to the Chief Secretary, we maintain that the ground is not nearly covered by the send ing out of placards to Government functionaries, to public institutions, to public-houses, and to that highly privi leged but comparatively select and limited class who subscribe to the Govern ment Gazette. Eveu supposing that the copies forwarded to the Police Stations, Local Courts, Railway Stations, Institutes, &c.;,''have all been religiously posted up in a conspicuous place, how many thousands of people are there who have the bad taste not to frequent these attractive places of resort I No doubt it is a happy thought to dispatch posters to publicans, and we are willing to assume that many members of this class are patriotic enough to dis play them conspicuously, red heading and all ; but there- are doubtless many others who quietly consign them to the flames or the dust heap. Moreover, the people who attend bars are not generally of a literary turn of mind,-- and it is questionable whether the placards attract much notice. We might similarly point out the inade quacy of the other steps upon which the Chief Secretary plumes himself ; but it is needless to do so, as it will be seen at a glance that,uscful as the measures adopted are as far as they go, they manifestly do not go far enough. They do not reach the great mass of the people who unques tionably ought to be reached. The ^nost effective means of all — publi- city through the newspaper Press — has been entirely tabooed. We un hesitatingly assert that for every ten persons -who have had their attention drawn to the Act through the processes adopted by the Government, one hundred persons would have been reached through the Press. We need hardly point out that, through entirely foregoing that mode of circulating information this year, the Government really pass a severe censure upon themselves for the heavy outlay they went to in the same direction last year. It is further noteworthy that Post-Offices seem to be excluded from the institutions which have been made by the Ministry mediums for advertising bush-fire notices. Why this omission it is difficult to con ceive, but it assists in justifying the opinion expressed by us, ?which we see no reason to withdraw, that no 'very special steps' have been adopted for making the country as a whole acquainted with the requirements of the law in the matter of bush fires. Semaphore Wateb Supply.— It is perfectly distressing to the residents at the Semaphore to find their water snpply cut off when they most netd it. Yesterday for some time there was no ?water to be Lad ; and, remarks -our correspon dent, 'the sooner some means are taken to provide an uninterrupted supply the beifcec f jf the public.' Abbivai. op thb Torbbss— The fine ship Torrens, which arrived on Thursday after » splendid passage of sixty-nine days from 'Plymouth, has brought a huge number of pas sengers, including the well-known colonists Mr. A. Bonnin and family and Mr, and Mrs. T. W. Fleming. During the voyage the passengers have amused themselves by giving concerts, readings, and musical entertainments. On January 5 a final entertainment was arranged, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to charitable purposes. The proceeds, £14, will be equally divided between the Port Adelaide Mission and some other institutions of a similar character. The Torrena will remain at the roada till tide time on Monday or Tuesday, when she will proceed into harbour. Dhaenagb of thb City.— Tenders have been invited for the construction of portion of the sewer along 'West- terrace, viz., between Grote street and North- terrace. li will be of concrete, egg-shaped, and 3 ft. 6 in. in height. jWhen this work is completed the remainder of the sewer will be laid down by the Government. From South- terrace to Wright-street there will be an 18-inch earthenware pipe, and from Wright street to Grote-street a 24-inch pipe. The West-terrace sewer will receive the discharge from the branch sewers from all the main streets running east and weat, and conse quently the further north it proceeds the larger has its dimensions to be mad e. From the corner of North-terrace the sewage will be carried by means of a pipe into the ma: n sewer now being constructed by Messrs. Waddington & Wright. As soon as these operations t ire finished tenders for the construction of the East-terrace ^sewer will be called for. |,. 'M'7 Zmam 4Mfttf . :'*«i tcsTAL. — On and afterj Thursday,5January 15, the mails for Yorke s Peninsula, and for places on the Hamley Bridge and Balaklava, Port Wakefield and Bljtb, ind Port Wakefield and Kadina lines, will be forwarded by railway via Hamley Bridge and Balaklava. The mails for these places will close at the General Post Office at 6.15 a.m., and th-i return mails will arrive in Adelaide at 9.30 p m. A Naehow Escape. — Ths passengers by the 6 o'clock train from Adelaide to Glenelg on Wednesday afternoon were considerably alarmed by the driver stucding his danger signal— a loog loud whist e and several short ones — and by seeing an e derly lady walking along the line just a little i i front of the engine near Plympton. Thedrivei reversed his engine, and the guard (Mr. Goldsm: th) put on his brake, and the speed of the train w as thus considerably reduced, so that the lady , oat had tine to step aside before the engine passed her. It was believed at the time that the case was one of attempted suicide; but the guard's official report was to the effect thac the strong westerly wind that then prevailed i nust have prevented the lady hearing the alarr i given. It is likely that she was a passenger to Plympton by the preceding train, which had only passed a short time before, and that she kept to the line instead of walking on the high road. The guard informs us that the lady was only a few feet from the cowcatcher when it passed her ; and the driver and many of the passengers were at first doubtful whether or not she had been killed. Straotikg of thb Southern Ceoss.— The barque Southern Gross, which left Port Ade laide on December 29, bound for Newcastle, went ashore early on Thursday morning, Jan uary 8, two miles to the westward of Oape Douglas. No lives were lost, and the crew have all reached the shore. The Southern Gross is a wooden vessel of 323 tons, is commanded by Captain J. Ramsay, and is the property of Messrs. Eelbin & Dowdell. She was built at Hobart Town in 1851, and has therefore seen good service in the intercolonial trade. The casualty is stated in our telegrams to have happened in consequence of the Eivoli Bay light having been mistaken for that at Oape Northumberland. Rajwfaix. — The tropical Tains appear to have det in at the.Northern Territory in good earnest, the depth registered at Port Darwin during the first seven days of the present year having been 10-04L ' Victoria asb thbRivhb Teadh.— As an instance of how Melbourn e is fast losing her Riverine trade (says the Argus) a gentleman living near one of th« Bord sr townships on the Murray, New Seath Walei, states in a letter to one of the stock and station agents of this city — 'Messrs. ? , of Tirana, who do the biggest business there, are at present in Sydney making arrangements with firms to send them up all their goods and supplies. They say that heavy import duties in Victoria, stamp tax, and the Border difficulties handicap them too heavily, and that they calculate on landing goods at Tirana by Wagga at from 20 to 25 per cent, less than Melbourne prices.' The Urana firm referred to have been ia the habit of getting all their gf-ods hitherto from Melbourne. SERIOUS ACCIDENT NEAR FINNISS VALE. - A correspondent at Yankalilla sends us the following: — On the night of Monday, the 5th inst., an accident, which might have terminated fatally, happened to Mr. and Mrs. Richard Lovelock, and two of the daughters of Mr. Genery, of Rundle-street. It appears that the party left Finniss Vale on their return to Yankalilla be- tween 10 and 11 p m. About three miles from Finniss Vale is a somewhat steep descent to the Anacotilla Bridge, with a sharp turn on to the bridge at the bottom. When about half-way down the hill, Mr. Lovelock met the little boy who carries the mail on horseback between Normanville and Finniss Vale. He was riding on his wrong side, and coming suddenly on the vehicle at a turn of the road, tried to cross in front of the horses, but struck first the near horse and then the off one. His foot catch- ing in the off trace unhooked it, and he then ran foul of the buggy, the horses in which, startled by the collision and the loose trace, bolted. Mr. Lovelock was unable to check them, and at the sharp turn to the bridge the vehicle capsized, knocking down the panels of the fence next to the parapet, and falling over into the creek, a depth of about ten feet, dragging the horses with it. The horses fell on their backs under the arch of the bridge, and the vehicle was turned, completely over. Mr. Love- lock was terrible bruised about the face and head, and Mrs. Lovelock was seriously hurt about the lower part of the body, a rail from the fence having fallen across her loins. Miss Alice Genery came on the top of Mrs. Lovelock, but escaped with some severe bruises. Miss Lucy Genery was however dangerously hurt about the head and ribs. The mail boy escaped unhurt It is much to be regretted that the Postal Department allows these country mails, especially the night ones, to be carried by boys under twelve years of age as this one is. The sufferers were removed in a cart to Mr. Grundy's residence, and are progressing favourably under the care of Dr. Young. Young Mbh's Chbibtias Associatioh.— The usual fortnightly meetiDg of the Board of Management was held on Thursday, January 8. There were present — Mr. R. Searle (in the chair), Dean Russell, Revs. O. Copland, J. Lyall, and D. O'Donnell, Messrs. J. F. Oonigrave, G. P. Doolette, T. W. Harris, A. Walker, and the Secretary. Annual subscriptions of ten guineas from Mr. J. H. Angas and £5 from Mrs. S. L. Evans were reported, and also a promise of £5 from Dr. Mayo. An offer from Chevalier Hanken to conduct a small class for the study of German literature was cordially accepted. Six persons were proposed and received as members. SticiDE.— On the 5th January, Joseph Wash ington Olliver, eating-house keeper, of Yanyarrei, shot himself with a gun. The charge passed through the under part of his jaw on the left side, and come out at the back of his head, causing instantaneous death. An inquest was held by Mr. Cleland, J.P, on the following day, and the Jury returned a verdict that the deceased shot himself whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. Deceased had been drinking heavily for some time, and had been troubled about money matters, which are sup posed to have been the causes of his suicide. Irish Rblibf Foro. — The first committee meeting in connection with this movement at Kapuuda was held in the Council Chamber on Tuesday evening. His Wor ship the Mayor (Mr. J. Rowett) was appointed Chairman of Committee ; the Hon. James Pearce, Hon. Treasurer; and Mr. H. J. Hine, Hon. Secretary. It was resolved that all moneys collected in aid of above fund should be sent direct to Ireland, and that it should be called the .'Kapuuda and Light Irish Relief Futd.' Two collectors w«re ap pointed to canvas each ward in the Corporation, and the Secretary was initructed to issue lists for the general canvassing of the district. Ths Fboliqtjhs. — This company of public performers, numbering fifteen in all, will open for a season shortly in White's Rooms. They are under the auspices of M. Simonse», who is well kEown in the colony. DaiKKIMG FoCJfTAW OH THB POBT-EOAD. — About two years since Mr. John T. Headdey, of Port Adelaide, generously erected a drinkiag fountain, supplied with a drinking-cup, and self-supplying dish for dogs, opposite the Rechabite Hall, Township of York, Port-road, and after repeated applications to the Water works authorities it is only since the comple tion of the reservoir at North Adelaide that the water hss been available for the fountain. During the lately experienced hot weather the boon hss been fully appreciated by travellers human and canine. The fountain bears the following ir;Fcription: — 'Presented by John T. 2-.»-IJi.j, P.I/.U.K. AiLcit X«.ut, .No. o, A.D., J I.O.B-, 1S79. All passers by can freely drink.' DsTACflQtQ XmSHATTOHTHT SKIPS. — A Tery serious omission has been discovered in the ihipping laws of this colony, namely, the absence of any power to prevent an unseaworthy ship going to sea. The Maruae Beard have recently been enquiring into the matter, in order to advise the Harbour Master of Port Augusta how to act with reference to the vessel Armistice, which he had pronounced to be unfit for sea. It appeared that the crew mase a complaint of her state ; and Captain Melville, who holds the dual position of Harbour Master and of Surveyor to the Underwriters' Associa tion, examined the vessel, and found that she required certain repairs to make her seaworthy. The question then arose could she be detained until those repairs were effected. The Under writers' Association anderstood the duty of de taining her to devolve upon the Marine Board as a reflex of the Board of trade, which per forms the task in England. The Marine Board, however, hesitated to take action without legal advice, and accordingly the point was referred to the Law Officers of the Crown. They have, we understand, decided that the Board cannot detain any ship on the ground'of unseaworthiness, the law re lating thereto- hinder which the Board of Trade arts not applying beyond the United Kingdom. ikihhI' RhlibfIEFchd.— This jevening k is to i«r pt-rlonned~the clever comedjjof 'Friends,' m. * the^Theatre, Jin ;? 'aid of the Irish Kfliefr.Fand, thej ^tesseesChaving generously i.mrpd the services of the company at uuo uisposal of the committee. His Exeel lency the Governor, the members of the Minis try, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and the Mayor of Adelaide have signified their in tention of being present, and there will doubtless be a large attendance of persons, who, whilst amusing themselves, will at the same time have the satisfaction of knowiDg that they are con tributing towards a most deserving cause. An appropriate prologue is te be spoken by Miss Stammers.ssgsfe. , VmS tYft/ft 'Fatal Cases of Btjbicisg at Mwtaho. — On Tuesday evening, January 6, Mrs. Baker ind her daughter, aged three years, living near the Mintaro Railway StatioD, met with death under circumstances of a sad nature. It appears that Mrs. Baker was about to give her child a bath, and finding a light necessary she took a kero sine lamp, which needed filling with oil. She placed it on the hob of the fireplace close to the fire, and while pouring the oil the lamp suddenly exploded. Mrs. Baker's dress eanght alight, and she was soon enveloped in flames. Some visitors happened to be in the house at the time, and hearing cries they ran to the poor woman's help, and wrapped her in blankets. They also went to the bath and found the little girl terribly burned. Dr. Eadon was quickly sent for. Mrs. Baker had expired before he arrived. The child lived on in great suffering till early on Wed nesday morning, when she too died. What makes the matter additionally sad is the fact that Mr. Baker, the head of the family, hap pened to be away at Moonta at the time of the catastrophe. Society fob Prevehtiok of Ceuhi:ty to Asuials. — Mr. A- Abrahams, the Hon. Secretary of this Society, informs us that the Bank of South Australia has forwarded its annual gift of two guineas towards the funds. Gawubb Ukithd Fbthkdlt Soctbtcb8' Fbtb. — . We are informed that the profits from this New Year's fite to be divided amongst the various Orders will be about £40. This is considered very satisfactory, and great praise is due to the Secretary and the committee for their antiring exertions to make the affair a success. Warra's Rooms. — The diorama of the Ruaso Turkish war was again shown in White's Rooms on Thursday evening, to a rather small audience Theatre Boyal. — H. J. Byron's comedy ' Old Soldiers' was repeated to a large house at the Theatre on Thursday evening. | «^Z3^B ijiixiABOs at Stbathalbih.— In exhibition billiard match was played on Wednesday even ing, at the Terminus Hotel, between Kilkenny and a gentleman amateur from Adelaide, to wnom tnejfVorkshireichampion|3conce-i-»d ;a-)o poiuw in a 700 game. Kilkenny, althougn ne frequently makes much heavier breaks, played a fine game, and ran up his 700 when his oppo nent stood at 555. Kilkenny's best breaks were 35, 30, 37, 31, 41, 41, 50, and 51 ; and the amateur's 10, 14, 10. 11, 12, 10, and 19. The \--h«TTiTiion'B cIav was frequently appIandM. Taut Bobdhr .Tbaffic. — Mr. Bcyden, ot Ardno West, informs the Border Watch that he has applied to the Victorian Government to proclaim a crossiDg-pIace on the Border be tween his station and Mount Gambier. He has done this, be says, in consequence of the annoy* ance and expense to which the Gambier East Council have lately put him. Many cattle stray from the Crown lands in Gambier East on to his run, and the owners without ceremony hunt after them and bring them back through gaps they make in bis fences. Ia consequence he cannot keep his fences in good order, nor prevent his sheep from straying into South Australia. He would have no objection to this were the East Council willing to give and take in the matter; but the Council having given orders that his sheep are to be im pounded, and he having already had to pay £6 or £7 in this way, he thinks it time to protect himself. When a crossing-place is proclaimed owners of cattle will be liable to prosecution if their stock get over the Border, except by the proclaimed crossing. Those doing business over the Border will be restricted in the same way. The Victorian Government are now considering Mr. Bryden's application, and should they see fit to grant it the new crossing place will be another nuisance on the Border line which both ths District Council and Mr. Bryden would have done well to have saved the country from. It 19 but just to Mr. Bryden to say that he has resorted to this expedient in self-defence, and that he would rather have let things go as they have been going till the boundary dispute was settled. Uhdebgkoumd Water.— The Sydney Morning Heiald, in an article on underground water, remarks : — ' It has been already proved that, on many parts of the coast, wells sunk in the sand above high-water mark strike fresh water. Such water can only be percolation froaa the interior, and if it is struck on the coast where it is finally debouching it stands to reaionthat it is possible to strike it further inland. It does not, of course, follow that between the area where the rain falls and the beach where it finally exudes there is water to be found everywhere uniformly distributed. The water in its gradual descent takes the line of least resistance, and that line is through the moat permeable soils. But there is every encouragement to search for well water in districts which are reasonably supposed to be in the subterranean line of march. We know very little at pre sent of our subterranean treasures in respect of water. But it is quite time that we should begin to methodize and classify what knowledge we baver if only as a preparation for tabulating the knowledge yet to be acquired. It would be a great help in this direction if every pastoral lessee' were to report to the Government all particulars relating to every well sunk— the failures as well as the successes, and giving particulars as to the depth, the stratification, the quantity and quality of water. Indeed, it would not be unreasonable if the Crown tenants were required to furnish returns on such ir.atters, just as they are called upon to give a return of tke number of their stock. This in formation, dotted on a map, might help us to a much better understanding of the possibilities of water supply over all the sorthern and north western parts of our colony, and might give us some protection against such heavy losses from drought as we recently experienced.' Locusts.— These pests (according to the Southern Aryus) have been on a visit to this part of the colony during the last week or so, and have cleared away nearly every trace of green. Thi Cablotta Patti Cosceet Cosipakt.— Signor De Vivo informs the Argus that the Car lotta Patti Concert Company, of which he is the director, have met with great success so far on their tour through the United States. They will leave San Francisco for Australia on the 19th of this month. The party consists of Madame Carlotta Patti, of whose fame every one has heard; Mr. Ernest De Munck, her husband — a moat distinguished artist, of great European reputa tion as a violoncellist ; Mr. Theodor J. Toedt, a young American tenor of very pleasing quality of voice, who is said to be master of operatic style as well as of classical songs and ballad music; and Signor Ciampi-Cellaj, a baritone singer of whom we have before now heard very favourably. Bhlaib Imbbbiatbs' Retbhat. — The annual meeting of the contributors to this institution will be held at the Young Men's Christian As sociation lecture hall this afternoon. SJL Yacht Oixb. — The monthly meeting of this Club will take place this evening at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide. 