Quecenslan«! Stock Movements and State of the Country. {Qiiermlaiuler, July 3.) SURAT. June 22. Splendid weather ; very cold nights. No stock movements. eastern and western downs. * June 20. Winter has set in rather severely. We have heavy frosts, with a thunderstorm every eight or nine days. Rain would do us good just now, backwater being rather scarce in some places. I must agaiu refer to the native dogs ; they are becoming alarmingly numerous and destructive. Four hundred and fifty cowb from New England, the property of Messrs. Greenup Bros., arrived at Copmanhurst, Texas, a short time since; -400 fat wethers from Yetman, purchased by Mr. Sheehan, at Stanthorpe, passed Warroo last week. TOOWOOMBA. June 30. The weather is beautifully fine-too much so-and bitterly cold. IPSWICH. July 1. The weather is the most severe that has been experienced here for years past, the frost having been particularly severe during this week. IPSWICH RESERVE. June 23 Hard frosts, with ice an inch thick, have been the rule for the past week. BEENLEIGH. June 30 I have to report that we are being visited with a succession of perhaps as severe frosts as the district has ever known. It need not be recorded, therefore, that the sugar canes are being severely scorched on all the low lying lands, both on the Logan and Albert Rivers. The sugar mills are now making every effort to push on crushing, but some damage must be considered inevitable. It is nearly ten weeks since we had rain. Fortu- nately the maize crop has been almost entirely harvested. Gardens and vegetation of all kinds are beginning to show the serious effects of the frosts. We would hail with delight the return of milder weather. OXLEY. June 30. I This season promises to be the coldest we have had for years. Cane growers will be able to form a correct opinion as to which kind will stand frost the best; so far the Meera and Rappo are decidedly the best. Ploughing for early corn, potatoes, and other crops is in full swing.fjfeongh the land is getting hard for want rjf' a shower. Our roads are being put in good repair. SEVENTEEN-MILE ROCKS. June 24. The weather is becoming very wintry. Yesterday morning I noticed ice for the first time, and there was very heavy hoarfrost. The grass is beginning to fail, and I am afraid the winter will be unusually severe. The November corn is being gathered in, and the farmers are busy burning off the stubble, to make room for the new crop. COOKTOWN. June l8. Strong south-east winds and clear weather t ihas been the order of things for the last fort \- night. Grass and water are plentiful, but there is no doubt the country is drying up very fast, and from the rankness of the grass, bush-fires will set in early thiB season. The country being so lightly stocked, however, I do not think it will affect the condition of the cattle ; I leave sheep out of the question alto- gether, as owing to the prevalence of what is called Chinese burr, they would not pay at any price. I may have something to say about this nuisance at some other time. Reading of thermometer since my last (5th June) at noon-max., 78* ; min., 72' ; rain- fall, nil. Rain fell on fourteen days in April. Total rainfall registered-14r56in. In May rain fell on five days. Total rainfall, 1.22in. PORT CURTIS. June 21. The weather is now cold enough even for " new chums," and fine enough to gratify the wishes of the pastoral occupants of the land, but it remains too dry tojplease culturists of any description. There has been no rain now worth mentioning for about two months, although it has repeatedly threatened, and once attempted a fall. Cold nights have told on the grass very much lately, and they are also telling somewhat on the appearance of stock ; still fats remain plentiful, and not quick of sale. Grass and water are both in abundance. A large herd of bullocks-some 1500 part fats and part in fair condition, have teen purchased recently by Messrs. Berkelman and Co., from Consuelo station, at £2 per head; and some small mobs of male cattle have changed hands within the last few days at a low figure. Many holders are anxiouB to quit, and buyers have things much their own way yet, but a change for the better is imminent. NANANGO. June 25. Since last writing wel have had very fine clear weather during the day, with severe frosts at night. Since yesterday the weather appears to be changing, sky being overcast, with cold bleak windB. The stock movements during the last week have been the passing of twenty-one head of purebred cows from the Euston Homestead, Darling Downs, to Tenningering Station, Mr. H D. Caswell's, on the Upper Burnett, in charge of Mr. W. Walker. These cows are of a very superior quality, being bred at Tenningering, and were selected for ex- hibition at the show lately held at Toowoomba, at which three of the number took prizes. From Baramba Station about 140 head of prime fat stock for the Butchers' Grazing Company, in charge of Mr. C. Willett, have also gone by. A mob (about 180) of fat bul- locks have been purchased by the same com- pany, and are at Baramba awaiting droving to Brisbane This last lot have been purchased from Messrs. Shaw and Co.'s station, Raw- belle, Upper Burnett. From Taabing Station on Thursday last passed nearly 800 head of store cattle, their destination being' Coochin Coochin, near Ipswich-intended I believe for fattening purposes ; they were under the charge of Mr. R. S. Alford. MARYBOROUGH. June 25. The oldest inhabitant does not recollect such bitter intensity of cold as we have ex- perienced from the 19th to the 23rd inclusive. Since yesterday morning (24th) the air b;as been much warmer, and the shifty state of the wind warrants the expectation of rain at an early dt»-te. A few heavy showers are much wanted, especially as water íb getting scarce and bad throughout the town. GYMPIE. June 25. After a succession of pretty severe frosts, the weather has again become milder, and to- day it is quite warm. A day's rain would be most acceptable, as water has become a very scarce commodity. THE WEATHER. Reports for the period ended at nine a.m. on the 25th June showed a continuance of fine weather throughout the greater part of the colony, and it was frosty at Clermont. Cardwell reported showers, and it was cloudy at Stanthorpe, St. George, and Taroom. Other stations report fine weather, and the sea was smooth along the coast. Reports for the twenty-four hours ended at nine o'clock on Saturday, 26th, showed that rain was threatening at stations in vari- ous parts of the colony, and that showers fell at Stanthorpe, Warwick, Goondiwindi, and Charleville. The threatening weather was principally confined to the southern and wes- tern districts of the colony. In the central and northern districts it continued generally fine. During the twenty-four hours ended on Sunday morning there were showers at Toowoomba, Warwick, Stanthorpe, Aramac, and Cooktown, and at a large proportion of the intervening stations the weather waa cloudy. The weather as shown by reports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock on Monday, 28th, had again become fine in the southern and western portions of the colony ; but several of the northern stations reported cloudy skies, and showers fell at Clermont, Nebo, Dalrymple, and Townsville. Frosts were experienced at Toowoomba, Mit- chell Downs, Charleville, Hawkwood, and Springsure. From Tuesday's meteorological reports it appears that fine and cold weather continued to prevail over the greater parts of the colony. Nearly every station in the central district reported frost, which had also exten- ded as far west as Cunnamulla and Tambo, and as far east as the South Passage. At Toowoomba the frost was very severe, while at Cooktown a south-east gale was blowing. At none of the stations were there any indi- cations of rain. The weather, according to reports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 a.m. on Wed- nesday, 30th, was generally fine throughout the colony. There waB heavy frost at War- wick, and Stanthorpe, Goondiwindi, Mitchell Downs, Cunnamulla, Hawkwood, Gayndah, Banana^ and Springsure also reported frost. The weather during the twenty-four hours ended at 9 a.m. on Thursday was somewhat threatening at many stations on the coast, and a telegram from Rockhampton in the evening informed ub that it had been raining there. Otherwise, fine weather has prevailed throughout the colony, and frosts were re- ported from Nanango, Toowoomba, Stan- thorpe, Goondiwindi, Cunnamulla, and Gayndah. 