THE FUTURE OF BRITISH AGRI CULTURE. The critical state of to© weather in Eng land Is exciting alarm amongst farmers and . all who are interested inthe future of British agriculture. Owing to the telegrams which 'we receive several times a week in reference to the doings of the Australian cricketers T/ve are better posted this year than usual in the daily meteorology of Britain, and the burden of these telegrams up to last week . has been very much the same. Ground sodden with rain; and difficult to play ; the .game deferred on some days and interrupted on others by continuous downpours or heavy showers, indicate a condition of atmosphere which, in the month of July, when, of all others, sunshine in abundance is needed to ripen the fciudly fruits of the «arth, is anything but ?cheering. In tarly spring everything seemed favorable and hopes ran high, but -as the season advanced the want of rain ? heghn to be severely felt. On the great Cockney carnival — the Derby Day — holiday- makers were nearly treated to an Austra lian sensation in the shape of a bush-fire, for the furzes on Epsom Downs got ablaze, «ud so unusually dry was the ground that the flames were with difficulty extin guished. If the extremely rainy weather -which succeeded the drought has been general 3 and a telegram which we printed on Saturday seems to indicate that it has been, then there is great danger that another late-reaping and damaged crop may be added to the half dozen t-ad har vests that have preceded it. ' l .. .- Tins7 period of ^transition and 'suspense' has been taken advantage of by the weU known agriculturist^ Mr. Caird, and the equally, well-kjiawii chemist, Dr, Lyon Playfair-^-the one in a letter to. the Times, and the other in an article in the June .number cf Fraser's Magazine— to give their Tiew^pf the general situation, ' and offer, valuable advice to the British farmer. The object *-f Mr. Gaud's letter to the Times is to ? show the pressing need for the ''early jremoval of every impediment which ?unnecessarily, hampers in the competition, to which we are now exposed.' In nine years., there have been seven defective harvests in England, involving a: loss to wheatrgrowers of more' than jE20,GOO,000, arid the present depression in agriculture is declared by one so well ?qualified to Judge to be 'unparalleled since the -repeal of .the Corn Laws.' Nor if the -present style of farming is continued does Air. Gairdsee much hopes of prosperity in the future. Competition is extending in area and increasing in intensity. : Sta iasticsajce given as to the progress which .has been made in wheat-growing in America ?—interesting alike to English and Aus tralian readers.. : The United States, he tells us; have ten limes more acres under cultivation than the United Kingdom, and grow twice as much corn of ait kinds as England and -France -put- together, their wheat crop in 1878 being 52 million quarters, and their Indian corn 173 millions — a yield capable of feed ing four times their own population. Bs sides these immediately available supplies there is an unlimited power of expansion in tbe States and in Canada. Tracts of country many times larger than the British Isles await settlement and cultivation, and railways are in progress which will tap this fertile Gtoshen, and in connection with ?ocean steamers make its surplus stores readily and speedily available for the world's consumption. Not in extent only, but in natural productiveness also, does this soil threaten rivalry with England; for he adds, «? It is now 22 years since Professor Voel cker analysed for me four samples of prairie soils from ' America, arid proved them 3 icher in mtiogen than any of which he could .-find record/? Nor is it in corn only that Mr. Caird dreads rivalry for the future to the British agriculturist. He finds that in 1879, the imports of animal produce, inclusive of wool, from all foreign countries, exceeded sixty millions sterling, ' a sum closely approach ing to the entire land rental of England;' while the imports of corn of all kinds during the hist three years gave an annual , average slightly exceeding sixty millions in , value. Here again matters have not reached the worst for the British agricultu rist. In live stock and fresh foreign meat the competition between the foreign and the . home grazier is becoming keener. The cattle imported for slaughter are increasing in number and1 improving in quality, _and we '.notice that the oWef week fifty-five head of cattle were shipped from Canada, the average weight of which*was 2,000 lbs. Add to this the importation of frozen meat from Australia, which, in spite of the interested .agitation of English batchers, is taking hold of the public taste, and which as the cost of transport is lessened and the risk minimised by scientific and mechanical appliances is sure to assume far larger pro portions, and we find enough ground for Mr. Caird's conclusion that a current is setting in ' which before it ceases to flow will alter the existing conditions of agricul tural property in England.' Ih\ Lyon Playfair from his own profes sional standpoint confirms Mr. Caird's con clusion, though his article in Fra&er; was penned before that gentleman's letter was printed. Not only does he coincide with the view of the immense productive powers of the western hemisphere as at present de veloped — estimating that producing per acre ;as it does now, American land could feed 100 millions without difficulty- — he is also sure that with more careful farming the land might be made to yield harvests richer certainly by cne-tbird'than it does under existing conditions In his opinion, too, tlere must be a change in the style of British farming if a good living is to be got out of the soil. It is more than doubtful whether any lowering of rents or alteration in the tenure and transfer of land will again enable the English farmer to compete successfully with foreign and colonial rivals in the produc tion of wheat and even of meat ; and accepting what seems to be the inevitable, Mr. Caird wisely says — ' We must meet the change by the production of articles which will bear neither long storage. nor carriage-T- milk, fresh butter, early meat, and market gardening*' As a matter of fact, the area on which wheat can be grown at a profit in Great Britain is diminishing annually ; while as to stock, cattle have de creased in the country since 1876 to the extent of 1,328,000, and sheep to the extent of 7,135,000, which is a sure enough index of bad times. Dr. Piayfair, however, reminds us that ' wheat is not the highest representative of cultivation. It is really the pioneer of agriculture,'7 and he too recommends more extensive dairy farming, and the cultivation ' of all sorts of vegetables, fruits, arid flowers to meet the demands of the cities.' It is curious to note that so far back as August last Mr. Gladstone in one of his little speeches to his Hawarderi tenantry foresaw this crisis and gave similar advice. He then stated that if wheat crops and the breeding of stock failed, greater attention must be paid to 'garden and spade cultivation.' His statistics were interesting. He pointed Out that of the fruit which could be grown on the land, such as apples and pears,. more than a million and a half's worth was annually imported ; of onions four hundred and fourteen thousand pounds' worth; of potatoes considerably more than two millions and a half s worth; of other vegetables three bundled thousand pounds' worth; or, in fact, three million pounds' worih of vegetables imported from abroad which might be grown profit ably at home. For all these and more the great cities of the empire have an omnivorous maw, and, especially as the abundance of coal makes artificial heating cheap, he agrees with these scientific experts we have quoted in urging the farmers if they would thrive , to abandon the stereotyped rules by which they are now so rigidly bounl, and adapt themselves more freely to the necessities of the case. All these authorities foresee a great change— that England will more and more assume a mixed pastoral and urban aspect, and more and more depend for her food supplies on her colonists and the foreigner. The value of land may thereby be diminished, but the mode of utilising it will be changed. : Large farms with large capital and scientific appliances may be. made to pay; amateur farmers who have money to spare; will take farms at a good rent * and cultivate them, even at a loss, for the residential and other advantages which the land possesses ; but the farmer who has to pay rent and make a living must go out of the old groove, and in theluture grow something else than he has been in the habit of: growing — that something else being something which he can place on the market in better' condition andj cheaper than the foreigner can. 'The tillers of the soil will also have to depend more than, they have, recently done on personal labeur. Franklin says — ' He that bj the plough would thrive Himself must either hold or drive.' And that lesson embodied in aphorism will be truer still when the spade of the market - gardener takes the place of the plough. One of the reasons why the British agriculturist is falling back in the race is found in the social changes which have taken place in the condition of -\m class. Half a century ago the farmer's wife and daughters made their own butter, if they did not milk their own cows, and the farmer was not above getting: up early, taking a hand at the ploughing and sowing and lambing and shearing, and selling his own wheat which he had helped to garner and thresh; now the wives and daughters too often ape the fine lady, and turn up their noses at the churn, and the cheese, arid the kitchen, and the farmer imitates the pleasure-seeking propensities of the squire and the 'gentle- man farmer.' This has co-operated with bad harvests and foreign competition to produpe the evil which is now apparent. ' — . . » ? . . Four fine shorthorn heif era arrived at Port Adelaide in the ship Pakwan from London ,6u\ Saturday morning, July 24. They were ordered by the late Mr. John Hope from Mr. J. A. M. Cope's celebrated Drumilly herd of short horn8,r-County Armaghjlreland.aud are stated to come from the best stock in the herd. The certificates Which accompany the animals gives their names as Fourth Maid of the Yale, Seventh Melody, frolic, and Flossy, and their color and ages, as dark red, fourteen months; roan, twelve months; pied with, white spots, eleven months; and pied with *'wtiite: over spots on thigh,' tien : months. It; was also mentioned that no con* tagious disease has ever existed on the farm fiojn whence they came. The Pakwan brought two large well-bred pigs, boarand sow, consigned tp Mr. IJeiiry Scott. The animals were visited on Saturday by Inspector Valentine and Mr. T. Clial winj wjhp pronounced them tohe in excellent condition and free from any symptoms of disease. They were, tat en to Torrena Island, where. $hey will have to undergo the usual ninety days' quarantine. 