GUNNING. Poacz-Ccr..-Mon. , JIars: lrt. Eext 3. P. Kenyo Ese. J.P., Alfred BPele was asrger with rsng os.me Iragusae. In co-?.aduaion of haring benm cie:i p er oa Eay, the psoc-er was disrhargea. Woeneaw, hebarrh 2na.? Before ~ eae. A S. JoneS and A. . G ?ay. George oug n -an gaa him. a?: ap for pa rtern to the poine; ob t upon a gefan Pzeaen promiarog to pay his tare to Gnibun,, where e coald tanorder to admit im to the benerdent asylum, the prisoner was dis dsugs& William Bolt r. L somne Bartley; a case brought under the Maste. and Serants'krt , o torrrem the enr of £12 16f for wrek and Itae done. W'm?. Bolt depsed: The defcsat agred to give me wagee at the mte of l Ipe- week for- trwelre maths; I have not nsive the monuy on questien. iz., £10; I serred the defendant for tlo months at tbsh ate of 7!. per week, £2 8, whticl I hare not re ceived faom the defendant; I did wi agree to work afor 5s. a IreOe and defjendant was to fma me in tobauo and mateG? . Verdist for complainant, 21; and ests; of em;rt, 4/W0. Wan. Me h ;rEal t. Patrick Emy esdy. Charge of assault. M?I. Dandauapae for omseni?isat; Mr. Langdonr for dfedant. Wm. r Crystal dego?e?: I lire at Gindar?o Creek; I am a ?ftmr; I know the defends- nt; I reme~tr- being at work on the ? oeds c the 2th of last month; I was pastong eose by Kenneify's farm i ithe penbueh; I saw Kennedyy ; he was int the other and of the paddock from where I passed; he cane calltng after roe; I stoppad natil be came up to me; he askrt me what fetched me that way; I insweted, " hab: wat it to do with him;" he arkes me again," what the - fetched me that way;" Isaid, "wht isdthaodo ithyon;isnot the bneh as free to me as to youTr" hethen taid, "get off yoner horse;" Iggot off, and as s-an asI did so he struck me in the ince and knocked mo domwn, and be atruck me a-real brlows while I wee down; my c-ma intteeferd and I got up; he then atreck me ereral more blowks and agin knocked me dowrn, and after that he struck me a revere blow on the car, and I fet the efects of it now. To Mr. Langdon: My sons are seenteen and ninetee; it is anrat eighteen months since I threatened to strike Kennedy with s pick becamse he insulted me at my work. Fnrank J.. He Cry?stal depoe: I was present on the day my father had a row with Pat Kennedy; he aaked my father toget off hi heas; as soa as my father got off, or was haully off the han, Kenrnody strutm k him and knocked him down, and whilst he wat down aontinued to strike him; my father got up ad Kenesly struck him reral times; my brother and I interfred to save my father; the reason I did not see the end of the fight was becose I was look ing cat for Keannedy's wson, who was coming up with a big click. To Mr. Lagndon: I was two or three yards away when inteziered; I struck thedelfendant with my flst; I did not chalenge the defendant to fight; I saw sme sheep on that day but did not ride among them; the sheep were about a mile from where the row took plao. Philip i Crystal depeed : I was present at the row between my father and Kennedy; we were paes inghis place and he came callingafter us; he told fathrer togetoff hitshorse; he then etruck him and Iknockai him down; my brother and myself got off our horses and tried to get Kennedy off my father; I saw him hit my father onace, bat he counld have hit him without my seeing hLun. To fr. Lsngdon: I ne.er ehallenged the defend ant; I struck him with my fist and not with my stick; I awno sheep close by; it was when I went to my father's aesaisioe that I etmck the defend ant. Defendant was fined 20/- and 5/10 costa of court, or in default of payment fourteen days' imprison ment. Queen v. John Taylor.- Charged with unlawfully occupying crown lands by taking timber therefrom. Senior Constable Buckley produced his authority from the minister, and deposed: I know Taylor; he sells charcoal and has no license; I have laid the information from information reserved. H. C. Wheatley deposed: I am a grazier, residing near Gunning; I know the defendant Taylor; I know he sells charcoal; I hold a lease of some crown lands; I remember seeing the defendant on the ground on the 21st of last month bagging up charcoal; there were fifteen bags made up and some more on the ground; Taylor brought the bags of charcoal into Gunning; the charcoal was burnt on part of my crown land; I spoke to Taylor about a bush-fire which occurred on my lease; he said he had not been there before that week, and afterwards he said he saw the fire and tried to put it out; the bush-fire spread from where Taylor was burning charcoal, and it was after the fire that I saw him removing charcoal; I never gave Taylor permission to burn charcoal at that place; it was nearly a mile from where he burnt the charcoal to where I gave him permission to do so. Fined 10/- and 4/10 costs of court and 21/- pro- fessional costs. Mutual Improvement Soiety.-This society held its regular weekly meeting on last Tuesday even. ing, the vice-president (Mr. F. W. Conslly) in the chair. Mr. Board having resigned his office as editor of the manuscript journal, Mr. F. W. Timmis was unanimouely elotod to fill the vacancy. The time of tbhe meeting was then devoted to impromptu addresses, and the following suhjlcts were disenssed, viz., Plirting, What should be done with Ireland at the present time, The Confessional Biox, Our Society, Card-Playing, and Gambling. The business for next Tuesday evening will be a debata upon--Which has the greater influence, the Pen or the P'latform ? Mr. W. Cmrundwell will open the discussion in favor of the platform, and Mr. F. W. Timmis will support the pen. Death from the Effects of a PFall.-Every one will regret to hear of the death of Charlie Bell, the little three.year-old son of Mr. J. W. Bell. The poor little boy fell iheavily upon the back of his head a little more than a week ago, and since that timne hans been steadily failing, and notwithstanding all that the best medical skill could do he expired about nine o'clock on Wednesday evening. Little Charlie wans known by almost every one, and beloved by all who knew him, and the aflicted parents may feel assured that they have the deepest sympathy of the whole community. The funeral took place on Thursday afternoon at four o'clock. The Weather.-The drought has at last fairly broken up even in Gunning, and we are experiencing a most weleomo succesOsion of reflresting showers. It rained nearly all the day on Wednesday, and to-day (Thursday) nice showers are again falling, with every prospect of continuing. The rain coming at this time must, I think, have suited all classes of the community, as I hear nothing but thanksgiving on every aide. 