FURTHER RECOLLECTIONS OF OLD COACHING DAYS. IT was not-until July 1851 that what is now called Victoria became a separate colony. Up to that time it was called Port Phillip, and was as much a part of New South Wales as the Murrumbidgeo or any other district of the colony. A deputy of the Governor-- who was called the Superintendent resided in Melbourno, and the district sent members to the Now South Wales parliament. What has this to do with coaching? We shall soee. In this year (1851) Mr. J. H. Jones, to whom I have before referred, was the successful tenderer for conveying the mails on the whole line from Sydney to Mel bourne. The contract was for £3200. The distance was then regarded as six hundred miles, divided into three two hundreds - from Sydney to Yass, from Yass to Albury, from Albury to Melbourne. Neither of these computations is now considered as exact; but such was the distance tendered and paid for in the old times. Never had man more difficulties in carrying out a government contract, never did any man morn zealously and perseveringly grapple with and overcome such didliculties. The summer was one of unusual heat, bush-fires were raging in all dirsctions. It was sometimes with imminent peril to the liives both of horses and passengers that the mails travelled at all. What will long be remembered as Black Thursday was on February 6 in that eventful year. Then in May came the discovery of gold. It became difficult of course to get labour of any kind, and to secure any, employers wore obliged to give any wages that might be asked. I know as a fact that for two months Jones was paying all the money he received from government in wages alone. Hay and other forage ross 100 per cent., and was hard to be got. Much had been destroyed by bush-fires. Mr. Jones bought all he could got in New South Wales, packed it in wool-bales and bags which were subjected to hydraulic pressure, sent it thense by sea to Melbourne, where he had to hIiro drays to convey thoem to the oseveral stations between Albutry and the capital. In July, as I have said, was the separation of the colonies, and during the winter heavyfloods in Victorin completedhis disasters. Still in spite of all he successfully carried out his contract. He applied to government for compcn sation, which he never lived to enjoy. His claim was at last acknowledged, and his widow received, I think, £1000. Mr. Jones was fortunate in his coachmen. nThey were without an exception sober men, and taking an interest in the enterprise worked well and bravely for him. I have before reoflred to Robert Elliott, whom some in Goulburn may yet recollect. HEo was generally called Bob. He lived then in a nice little cottage in Verner-street (his own property), and had an interest in a small storeoin Clinton-street. He had broken his arm when a boy; and the arm never being properly sot, was always stiff, so that he could not bend it at the olbow. Sometimes at good parts of the road he would rest it, and t;aking tihe reins between his feet would thus guide his horses. For many monthls he left Bargo at seven o'clock in the morning, arriving in Goulburn, seventy-two miles, by seven p.m. on Woddeosday evenitng; rest a few hours and return by night, arriving again at Barge by one p.m. on Thursday. With all this labour he drank no stimulants. He was a favourite at all the houses on the road, and tho landlady would always have a cup of tea ready for him. If asked to drink he generally refused; sometimes he would choose gin, and the landlord had Bob's gin-bottle ready, which contained pure'water. He married first Miss Lupton, Jones's stepdaughter; and subse quently thie widow of a Penrith innkeeper. Thore is a sad end to all this. A good servant generally, but net always, makes a good master. Poor Robert Elliott in a sad instance of the exception to the rule. Io becamoin time himself a mail contractor; he was soon overbearing to his men; worse than all, he began to drink, and the end was that he died in Goulburn at the early ago of forty-three. His grave is in the Church of England cemetery. Two other of Jones's coachmen may be remembered by many of your readers-Johny Daloy, a most obliging fellow, who died but a short time ago, being then a mail-guard on the southerh railway; and Fred. Tricker, many years groom at the Salutation Inn, under the landlordship of old Fred Webster, a cou temporary and old friend of Jones and Goulburn agent for the coaches. Imentioned in my last paper an instance of the horses taking the coach three miles by themselves without any accident. I remember another instance eof the sagacity of the horse, which may deserve record. One afternoon an accident occurred at Eeighbran's Hill at Bargo. Iforget how it happened. At all events the foulr horses got away with their harness on and alltook to the bush. After scourieg the country for a day or two three of them were recovered. One however was still missing, and it was feared that he would got caught by the harness to some bushes and either ho seriously injured or starred to death. Nothing of the kind happened. A full wook after the accident as the coach was just nearing largo River (fourteen miles from the scene of the disaster) about daylight thlis same horse peeped out of the bush, .ttracted doubtless by the well known rattle of thIe wheels, and qnietly trotted round to his old place in the wheel or as leader, I forget which, and ran beside the horse that was taking his place up to Jones' inn, six miles distant. Of course ho had lost soe ofe his harness, but had managed io escape with scarcely a scratch Considering the state of the roads, the wonder is that accidents were not more frequent, and that when they did occur they were not attended with mere serious conseqnounces. They generally did happen in going down hill. The simple and effectual precaution of the brake owas not thou kuown, the only safeguard was by putting a drag on the wheels. One fine summer's afternoon, Jones was himself driving a coachload of some ten or twelve passengers down nazor- Back. As they wero going at foill spoed, lhe saw jlust before him a largo diamond snoake some nine or ton feet in lengLth lying across the road. On they must go, nod on they did go, crushing the reptileo biefore ho had time to awnakeo or do nly niscehief. ihad he hitten the lenders, or oven lhad the horseos seen him, it is terrible to ilmagiune wlhant miglht have been thie con seqienco for thelre wan a deep gully on the side of the road. Does any one now remember Kenny'n Ghost ? At Konny's Hill, near Campbelltown, thie coachman declared hie saw ono imirninig iwhat appeared to be a man in a moleslino jacket passing just before his leaders. IHeo calledl to him and ilit at him with the lwhip, and the moleslin jacket suddenly disappOared. The same strange appearance was repeated every morning, and it was pronounced to be a ghost. One gentleman provided hIimself with a revolver to hIave a shot at the ghostly traveller; but on that morning be did not presenot hlimself. The probnability is thlat as they travelled this hill in the first grey dawn of morning it was an optical illusion occasioned by the fog or mist jiust as the celebrated B3roken in the Hartz IMountains in Germany. It was fairly believed in by some as a spectral visitant. But I must bring this ramublig paper to a close, not for want of materials, but because tihe presocribed limit of these communications, and very probably the patienceof my readers, combine in calling upon me for a time at least to halt. Perhaps on some future occasion we may travel the road again. A, J. 8. 