EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS. (reuter's telegrams.) Natal. Feb. 20. The latest intelligence, received to-day from Newcastle, states that previous to the departure of General Sir Evelyn Wood for Pietermaritzburg that officer made a brilliant reconnoissance in force for several miles into the interior of the Transvaal. Sir Evelyn Wood is under stood to have obtained important infor mation as to the strength and positions of the Boers. The attitude of the people of the Orange River Free State, which was recently regarded as somewhat dubious, has now assumed a more satisfactory character. In response to the request of Sir George Colley, the Yolsraid or House of Assembly has adopted a resolution authorising the British troops to pass, if - so desired, through the territory of the Orange Free State, either from Natal or the Transvaal into Basutoland. London, Feb. 21. In the House of Commons this evening, Mr Gladstone was questioned as to the truth of the reports generally current during the past week, that communica tions had indirectly passed between the Boers and General Sir George Colley with a view to bring the present hostilities to an end. The Premier, in reply, confirmed the reports in question, and stated that it was quite untrue that the Governor of Natal was at the present time in negotia tion with the Boers, adding that the Go vernment desired if possible to bring about a settlement honorable alike to both sides, and without further shedding of blood. The latest news from the Gold Coast to tlna 10th inst. reports that the King of the Ashantees, following up his threat' of hostilities in the event of the Governor, the Hon. Herbert T. Ussher, falling to deliver up the native chief who had taken refuge in British territory, has now formally declared war. His troops are ad vancing towards the Gold Coast, where every preparation is being made to meet the threatened attack. A meeting was held at Clare on Satur day, which was attended by large numbers of Home Rulers and others. Mr Parnell was present, and in the course of the speech which he delivered on the occasion he exhorted his followers strictly to adhere to the programme drawn up by the leaders of the Land League, and to act together in all matters of common interest. In accordance with the intention of the Government, as intimated by Mr Glad stone last week, the debate in committee on the Irish Coercion Bill was finally closed to-night. The hill will he read a third time with the least possible delay. Constantinople, 21st February. The ambassadors of the great powers, acting under instructions from their Governments, are renewing their eftorts to find a solution of the Greek frontier difficulty. Although no formal negotia- tions have as yet been set on foot between the ambassadors and the two powers, pow- parlers - have been - com menced, ancl are continuing- at the- present time. : ; >'_- ...London; -21st 'February. Consuls are -lo wer,- - being now quoted at 99£. --a The 'Government securities ... are1-' un changed! (from the age correspondent.) London, Feb. 21. Greece is making active preparations for war. As a response to the action of Turkey in massing large forces on the frontier, the Greek Minister of War has given instructions for calling out and arming the reserve forces. The Ministry announce their determination to maintain the claims ot Greece to tfie extension ol territory recommended under the Berlin treaty. The result of the census just com pleted in the United States has been offically announced. The population of the Union now numbers 50,000,000, an increase of 12,000,000 since the last cen sus. The number of Chinese in the State is 105,000, showing a decrease of nearly 50,000 during the past five years. Under instructions from the Imperial Government, Oetewayo, the late king of Zululand, who, since liis capture, has been kept in honorable confinement at Cape Town, will be released shortly under conditions of liberty that will prevent any interference with the settle ment of affairs in Zulu territory. The strike among the coal miners in Lancashire for an ' increase of wages is terminating. The employers have steadily resisted the demand, and the miners, after enduring much suffering, are gradually resuming work on the old terms. The litigation between Mr Labouchere, M.P. for Northampton, and proprietor of " Tiuth," and the Lionel Lawson, son of the late proprietor of the "Daily Tele graph," will come on for final decision a month hence. The case arose out of some trenchant articles appearing in " Truth" reflecting upon the ' ' Telegraph" proprietary, followed by a personal en counter between the two men. Tin is 5s lower. Straits and Australian, £8S 15s per ton. At the wool sales to-day, 7900 bales were offered, making a total of 45,800 bales since the opening. The market is again quiet. The San Francisco mails via Brindisi, which left Melbourne on the 2Sth De cember, were delivered in London to-day. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — A meet ing of the committee of management of this institution was held on Wednesday evening. Present — The President (Mr D. C. O'Connor) and Messrs Straughair, Brett, Dawborn, Ingram, D. Fletcher, Warren and Orr, and Dr Dobbyn. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. A donation of £10 received from the North Ovens Shire Council was acknowledged with thanks. It was resolved that each contractor should find one surety for the fulfilment of the terms of his contract ; and that the sureties required he approved by the House Com mittee, together with the President. The secretary stated that a late inmate named Scott had been medically examined, and transmitted to the lunatic asylum. The House Committee's report, which showed the state of the institution to be satis factory and recommending the effect ing of certain necessary repairs, the purchase of a number of small articles, and the insurance of the new ward and furniture therein, was read, received and adopted. The amount of insurance on the ward and furniture was fixed at £300 on the building and £50 on the furniture. The Patients Committee's report and that of the superintendent — which showed the total number of persons relieved to be 130, Gl inmates and GO receiving outdoor relief — were received and adopted. Peter Egan was ordered to be admitted to a vacancy which had occurred. The paper for the admission of Catherine Geary to the next vacancy was ordered to be i-oucm-oil. Di- D.ilibya. moved that John Wood Russell be admitted snouid a vacancy occur before next meeting ; but the motion lapsed, for want of a seconder. The meeting then adjourned. Alruky Police Court. — On Tuesday, before the P.M. and Mr K. M'Lennan, J. P., a boy named William Hamilton was charged with stealing grapes, the property of Mary Pool, valued at Is. The facts being deposed to, and evidence being ad duced as to defendant having threatened to assault plaintiff with a paling, the Bench sentenced the boy to pay Is, and costs of court, for the grapes. For the threat of assault he was sentenced to pay £4, and costs, and failing immediate pay ment, two mouths' imprisonment in Albury Gaol. Curran v Haig : Breaking a broom valued at 2s Gd. Mr Thorold for plaintiff. The evidence in this case was conflicting, and after hearing both sides the Bench dismissed the case. E. T. Powell was charged with keeping a num ber of pigs within the municipality. He was fined 10s, and costs. A Stef in the Right Direction. — The law-abiding portion of the townspeople will bo pleased to learn (states the " Benalla Standard") that the police are making special endeavours to suppress larrikinism in Benalla. Oil Monday, at the police court, Mr Superintendent Sadlier, while conducting the prosecution in a case of insulting behaviour, informed the bench that any persons complaining to the police of being subjected to such con duct, the police will take up the prosecu tion of the offenders, while the com plainant will appear as a witness — thus saving the public the trouble and expense of prosecuting. Lost Purses. — " Country cousins" are, all the world over, noted for their ignor ance of the ways of city life, and apt to forget, that among the teeming thousands who form the population of the metro polis, there are to be found numbers of members of that criminal class known as thieves and pickpockets, who avail them selves of the opportunity to waylay coun try folk and surreptitiously extract from their pockets purses, handkerchiefs and suchlike articles of value. The visits of so many persons from the country dis tricts of late have served to afford a harvest to the numerous pickpockets who infest the streets of Melbourne, which they have not neglected to reap, judging from the fact that no fewer, to orir knowledge, than three ladies from Beech- worth now in the city7 have lost their purses, with their contents. One of the victims apprised her husband of her loss, but stated that she had left the missing article in a certain place in her home before leaving, and requested him to look for it and duly forward. The husband, although he had grave doubts as to the success attendant upon it, instituted a rigid search, but failed, of course, to find the lost treasure. In explaining the matter to a friend a few hours later, he is reported to have exclaimed, "Why, bless the woman, she must have forgotten that she was in Melbourne, and accord ingly neglected to secure her pocket from the inroads of nimble fingers." " Extension of Time. — The Minister of Railways on Monday decided, at the re quest of the Hon.; R. D. Reid, M.L.C., that excursionists who arrived in Mel bourne by the special trains on the 16th and; 18th inst., from -stations beyond Seymour on.,, the. North-Eastern line, in cluding "Beechworth and Wahgunyah braqdh.linesp.- can return . by any. of . the 'ordinary trains till the '2ad March, iu- clusive.-'' -M -'2 BeechtworthPoiice Court. — On Tues day, before Mr W. H Foster, P.M., John Thomas Smith Stewart was charged, with forgery. At the instance of Senior-con stable Mullane the charge was withdrawn, and one of being a rogue and a vagabond substituted. Anne Baldwin, licensee of the Victoria Hotel, Beechworth, deposed that she had known the prisoner for the past nine or ten years. On the 9th inst. he went to her hotel and had his tea/bed and breakfast, in payment for which he tendered a cheque for £5 3s, signed " Hugh Richardson," and drawn on the Bank of Australasia, Beechworth, in favor of himself. Witness supplied him with goods to the value of i7s or 18s, and also gave him 6s in cash. He left at an early hour next morning, before any of the inmates were up. Witness sent the cheque to the bank, and it was returned marked " No account." S. W. G. Campbell, manager of the Bank of Australasia, Beechworth, deposed that he recognised the cheque produced as the one presented at the bank on the lOch inst. and returned marked " No account." No person of the name of "Hugh Richardson" had an account at the bank. On the 9th inst. prisoner had purchased at the hank two blank stamped cheques. Senior-constable Mullane deposed that on the 10th inst. he had arrested prisoner near the Golden Ball Hotel, and he had at the time denied having committed the offence. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and threw himself on the mercy of the court. He had, he said, forged the cheque to raise money to for ward to his wife. Prisoner was sentenced to three months' imprisonment ; the Bench taking into consideration the fact that no previous conviction had been re corded against him. W. R. Forman v A. B. Smith : Claim £4 15s, goods sold and delivered. Order for amount, with 5s costs. Samuel Shaw v Gooey Foon Claim £1G 13s 7d, goods. Summons extended for a week. The court then adjourned. Wahgunyah Mems. — Our correspon dent writes : — Within the last few days several head of cattle belonging to various owners at Wahgunyah have died, and on being opened death was found to be caused by strong inflammation of the internal organs. The stock inspector here forwarded some of the infected parts to Melbourne on Saturday last. Mr Vin cent, veterinary surgeon, was sent from Melbourne to investigate and report on the matter, and, I believe, has come to the conclusion that tfie animals died of a modified form of Cumberland disease. Three of the men who took part in the open ing of two of the animals are suffering, more or less, from blood poisiuiug. Two are in the Ovens District Hospital, and the other under the treatment of Dr Carroll, of Wahgunyah and Corowa. The latter is at present progressing favourably, and in a few days will be able to resume work. Mining Mem. — A crushing of 80 tons of quartz raised from the Rose Reef, at Madman's Gully7, Beechworth, was cleaned up on Tuesday last, with the result of 27ozs odwts Ggrs being obtained — repre senting a sum of £110. The stone was the property7 of the former shareholders in the claim, as it was raised prior to the formation of the present company. The above-mentioned yield is highly satis factory, as the further the reef is developed the richer its prospects become. Next week a crushing of stone taken from No. 1 shaft — a tramway from the hopper to which is in course of construc tion — will be put through the mill, which will be kept constantly working for the next month ; and, there being some 160 tons at the present time at grass, it is expected that about 300 tons will be passed through. The result of the crush ing at the mill of 100 tons of stone from the Sunday Reef will be made known in the course of a week. The Unlocking of Railway-carriage Doors. — The arrangement for the un locking of the carriage doors on the V.R. lines is (states the Melbourne correspon dent of a contemporary7) still in suspense, awaiting the perfecting of some cheaper system of checking the ingress of travellers to the platforms than those laid down in the plans of the late Mr Higin- botham, which were estimated by him to cost £15,000. As soon as the Department is clear of the heavy inroads of wheat, in about another fortnight from now, and has somewhat reduced the rush of ex cursionists, the matter will receive at tention. The Hurd.sfield Salting Case. — A con viction was obtained at Ballarat on Monday in the Hurdsfield salting case, when Elms was sentenced to three years' and O'Shannassy to two years' imprison ment. The first-named prisoner had been convicted at Sandhurst previously7 for some offence connected with a mine. Insurance.- In connection with life assurance, the " Insurance and Banking Record" states that " this case has recently arisen in the office of the Australian Mutual Provident Society : A man took out a policy in 185S for £500. He allowed his policy to become overdue in June, 1S7G, since which time (nearly five years) all premiums have been sustained out of surrender value. The man has now died,, and his representatives probably7 think his policy has lapsed. His overdue premiums and interest amount to £193 4s lOd, which will be deducted ; the balance of the £500, and bonus additions, going to his repre sentatives."' The " Record" also has sub stantial grounds for belief that the new business of the Australian Mutual Pro vident Society for 1SS0 exceeded that of any previous y7ear. The life offices of the United Kingdom have been in this respect already surpassed, but the champion belt is held in the United States. Australia is still behind, but some day our American friends will have to look to their laurels. Sudden Death. — Our readers will learn with l egret of the awfully sudden death of Mr Robert Tucker, formerly as sistant to Mr James Ingrain, bookseller and stationer, Beechworth, which took place on his selection near Traralgon, Gippsland, on Saturday morning. It ap pears that on Friday evening deceased was remarkably cheerful, and retired to rest in his usual state of health. About four o'clock next morning he was awakened by hearing a noise in the fowlhouse at the rear of his residence, and rushed out to wards the place indicated in a great hurry7. Almost immediately afterwards he was heard by his wife to exclaim "Oh !" and on going out she made the painful dis covery7 that her husband was lying with his face to the ground quite dead. The sad news speedily spread and neighbours flocked in and made strenuous, but un successful, efforts to restore animation. The' cause of death is stated to have been disease of the heart, accelerated by sudden excitement. Deceased, who was 48 years of age, was for twelve years in Beechworth with Mr Ingram, and about three years ago, witn Messrs Galbraith and Duncan, with their families, left for the purpose or talcing up selections in Gippsland. He was— being a worthy member of society, ever ready with heart and hand- to assist a fellow-man in heed — universally beloved and respected by7 those, who kne.widuml:;: and we trust that they7 will- come forward to render , what, mssistaiice lies 'ih'ItKeiF power to the wkl'-nv- and the fatherless le'ftj we understand, but slenderly7 provide'd-fdr. Wangaiiatt Police Court. — -On Mon day, 21st February, before the Mayor and Mr Wm. Biclcerton, J. P., Henry Laing v A. O'Neill, for leaving her hired service as a domestic servant. Mr Notcutt for plaintiff; Mr Norton for defendant. Case dismissed. Constable Walsh, v 'Arthur Bayues and . Henry Thresher : Inter pleader. Constable Walsh said that he had seized a certain horse under a distress warrant ; the liorse was the property of Mr Francis Martell, of El Dorado. Mr Notcutt, for defendant, asked what Mr Thresher claimed. (The witness said the harness.) Mr Martell was in the court, and he said the whole lot belonged to Ecroyd and Dan by7 ; he showed an invoice for goods. Mr Norton said he appeared for Ecroyd and Danby. Henry Thresher deposed : Claim the harness ; had owned it for four or five years ; Mr Martell has repeatedly borrowed the harness from me ; the vehicle was sold some time ago, but tlie. harness was not ; do not receive any thing for the use of the' harness ; do not kuow Mr Baynes ; did not write to him ; am a neighbour of Mr Martell s. Arthur Baynes, of the firm of Baynes and Hearn, deposed : Am plaintiff in the interpleader ; tlie police seized at my request ; Mr Martell said all the property belonged to Messrs Ecroyd and Danby ; levied on the waggonette ; Mr Martell did not tell me that the waggonette and harness belonged to Mr Thresher. Execution to be with drawn, with 10s Gd costs. Constable Walsh v Arthur .Baynes and Louis Martell : Interpleader. Mr Norton for Martell. Louis Martell deposed that the police seized the liorse ; it is my7 property ; told the police it was my property ; pro duced the receipt for the horse from Constable Baird, El Dorado, in 1879 ; the horse was never the property ot my father ; gave the constable a paper for £3 3s for illegal detention ; the constable did not tell me to see Mr Baynes ; bought the horse at the Police Court, El Dorado ; have lent the horse to my father ; live with him ; the horse was not in general use by my father ; have kept the horse myself at my7 father's place ; he paid me nothing for the use of the horse ; he had it occasionally ; paid £G for the horse, which I earned myself. Michael Maloney stated that he had the horse in June or July last as security; Louis Martell did not claim it then ; did not know that Martell's son had purchased it. Francis Martell, publican, El Dorado, deposed : Know the liorse that lias been seized by the police ; it is my son's property ; it never was mine ; hacl the use of it occa sionally ; the money7 was my son's ; had made an absolute assignment, for the benefit of my creditors, at the time the property was seized ; Mr Davies, from Melbourne, took possession of everything. Wm. Davies, accountant, said, according to instructions he went to Mr Martell' s with the deed of assignment ; it remunerates everything; took possession on the 7th; saw the waggonette ; it is part of the assignment ; it was said the harness belonged to Mr Thresher, and the horse to his son ; did not take those articles down ; gave no notice to Mr Baynes of the assignment; it appeared in the "Argus." Execution to be withdrawn, with 3ls Gd costs. B. Jar vis v Stephens. Mr Lang- tree for plaintiff ; Mr Norton for defen dant, asked for a postponement until Thursday next : granted. The court then adjourned. Oxley Mems. — Our correspondent- writes : — Bush-fires to the right of us, bush-fires to the left of us, bush- fires in front of us, bush-fires in the rear of us, such are the surroundings of the dwellers on the Oxley Plains. By day vast masses ol smoke obscure the view ; by7 night jets of flames fringe the nearer mountain ranges, thrown into more prominence by the dark back-ground of the more distant mountains. Beautiful as the fires look irom tho clisfcanr. plains, they have been destructive in their effects over many7 miles of country. The grand display of Titanic pyrotechnics is beautiful exceedingly to the distant onlookers in the calm night. To the men, women and children fighting the flames, amidst choking smoke, the sight is quite the reverse. Upon the hills near Whorouly, and those bordering the Hurdle Creek and Whorouly runs, men have been engaged since Wednesday last in endeavoring to beat back the rolling flames from the pasture and agricultural lands of the plains. Socn as the fires have been mastered in one place, news is brought that they have broken out above or below the wide trail burnt to prevent the flames extending to the homesteads. Onward to the new field of exertion proceed the weary workers ; then fresh hands coming up give a brief respite, and the tired ones throw themselves upon the earth, drink eagerly of water and stretch their wearied limbs. Not long do cney rest : again the call for all hands is made, and man versus fire is the fierce battle fought. Miles of fencing have been destroyed, thus entail ing a further outlay7 upon the already over - burdened toilers of the land. Amongst the sufferers whose names I have been able to learn are Messrs Jas. Doig, Duncan M'Gallum, Blackburn, Holmes, and others on Milawa and Hurdle Creek. The calm days and nights have enabled the workers to generally keep back the fire- king within limits where his ravages will ultimately benefit the owners. Much fallen timber and some grass will he con sumed to make way for the springing up of sweet herbage. Thus no evil is without its compensating good. To the present sufferers this philosophic view will bring but little consolation for the destruction of their property. The heat here has been very7 oppressive during last week, and now, on Tuesday morning, the 22nd inst., at 9.45, the glass is S3 in the shade, and there is every indication of another broiling day. Your own is about to drive up to the seat of fires and to make enquiries as to the damage done. The " Sketcher." — We have received the number of the " Australian Sketcher" for the 26th inst. The illustrations are well executed, but possess no special characteristics worthy of notice. Fire at Tarrawingee. — A brick house near the Tarrawingee railway7-3tation, occupied by Mr Woolhead, was destroyed by7 fire on Tuesday. Particulars of the occurrence are not yet to hand. E vexing Classes. — MrTilsley Nicklin. Beechworth, elsewhere intimates that his evening classes for instruction in ordinary subjects taught in State-schools, and in euclid, algebra, book- keeping, &c.; ' will be re-commenced on Tuesday7 next. Grain Returns. — From a return show ing the quantity7 of grain transmitted oyer the Victorian railways for the week ending Saturday last, prepared by the Minister of Railways, we learn that the number of bags despatched from the undermentioned stations was as follows : — Wanoaratia. 1665; Benalla, 8294 ; Chiltern? 500: Eutherglen, 1700 ; Wahgunyah, ' 1745 : Springs, 1147. Cricket.— The -following is the team selected to represent the Beechworth pricket Club in the match Beechworth y Benalla, ffol be played at the latter place on ; Saturday,' 26th inst. :— Campbell;- F oote, Griffin, .-Gqldswprthyy Smith, Jones,, Barbour,- MeAHece; Ryah;)V7arton jand JP5cwrn'ei&,:"'Sk'ne jfinti? 'Burke. L --"'-''V-2 _' Teds Weather.— About five o'clock on Tuesday afternoon a change in the weather in Beechworth took place. It was excessively hot and sultry during the day, and at the hour stated a great -wind- ' storm, raising clouds of dust, commenced and continued for about' half-an-hour, when flight showers of rain'fell, and had the; effect of partially clearing the oppressive atmosphere: . Wednesday was, however, a regular hot summer's day ; but at nine 0'clock, p.m., a severe thunder storm set- in, accompanied by vivid light ning flashes and on a genial fall of rain which continues up to time of writing, to the delight of the community. 