TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGEXCt [Recteb's Teiegbams.] ADELAIDE, Fian, The Wheat market is firm, with , enquiry. Prices rale at from 4b 5d per bushel. Flour—For town braafe ft 10s to £10 15s; country do, £9 5s tTjfflii Market steady. * Freights—From Adelaide to Lna, steamers not taking cereals:—Wool, scomel lid; greasy, Id. Per sailing vessels; CeS 42s 6A; wool, scoured, £d; greasv a Charters from Adelaide to the (taw Kingdom, 45s; from outsorts to the CoS Kingdom, 47s. Freights for wool and genera] oai® firm, but charters are dull. Members of the Marine Board are ura their annual visit of inspection to the link houses- on the coast. Atthe inquest this morning regaidiogflK fire which occurred in Hindley street'« Thursday morning, a verdict was retun^ that the fire originated in the bakehouse^ W no evidence was available to show the. am. This is the fourth fire within the month. The total ooet of the last fonrj ears deeps. ing Port Adelaide river was £89,214, g™ a general average of Is 4 Jd per cnbic j3. This is a marked decrease in the eoet tf former years. - - > "At .tiie polifce court this morning two no name! Nielson,and Grundell Were chum! with feloniously assaulting a man named Cox, who is now suffering from the effect) i the assault, which was a very serious TO. The case has been adjourned, asGoxismaUt to appear. SYDNEY, Ruday. The Conference chiefly devoted ibeif (». day to tile consideration of a federal coroi for the whole Of the Australian colonies. Tb draft of a bill wais introduced, whose prorisma were discussed at .some length, and uhmately postponed till Monday. A telegnit was laid before the conference, which ha been received by Lord Loftus from Sir i| Gordon, in reference to the proceedings of tig conference in appointing a committee to enquire into his powers as high commit, aioner. It -was decided to send back a reply to Sir A. Gordon: The conference adjourned till Monday next. An extensive bush-fire occurred at Rootwood yesterday, which destroyed a const rable amount of property, including a conibouse and stable, and cottage with contents, at Windsor. Richard Wall, a farmer, and his tin daughters, the eldest eighteen years of ag. were drowned by the boat upsetting. A. thunderstorm at Partes partially rn- roofed numerous houses. The Collaroy steamer's position is mattered. The tugs had failed to shift herd noon to-day. A hut full of wheat was burned at tie -Fish River yesterday. It is a supposed ok of incendiarism, and the police have Btarta! on the scent. Some Melbourne capitalists offer to pka puddling machinery on the ground at Temoa. if they are guaranteed 200,000 loads of vasbdirt at 5s per load. - FTalf that quantity ha already been promised. - A storm yesternight did great damages the Braidwood district. No trace has been found of the missing from Wallsend. Another sore •party is out. The Collaroy floated higher up the beast yesterday during the strong breeze. Reports from all parts of the interior sab that the intensity of the beatisdryingupthe water. Miles of dead timber is still burning xer Tumut, and bands of residents are -watchinf all night. BRISBANE, .Fehjat. Two constables, while arresting an offender were savagely maltreated by larrikins Befafori»ments arriving, ten were arrested. The latest intelligence from Manly is till the steamer CoHaroy has made a bed for haself in the sand, and could notget offwithcct additional assistance. The Prince AIM Government tug arrived to-day, and how to outside the breakers. The Wind, whi<& h>J been fresh from north-east, chopped romiS ta the south, blowing strong, with a heavy so. Captain Thompson and crew succeeded ii launching the life-boat from thebeach, and attempted to communicate with the tug. TVta on the outer edge of the breakers a sea straff and half filled her. She fell into the tra^k of the sea, and the next roller sent her flyinj towards the beach, full of water, thns rendering communication impossible. The steamc has stranded about ox miles north ot Manlyin a dangerous position. Should a i east wind or heavy sea occur doriag the night, she will drive -higher up <m the "beach. " DTJNEDIN, FiinjAY. The match between the Australian Hero and twenty-two of Dunedin was resumed to day. The Dunedin men were all dispose® of for 83. The Eleven in their second itnings lost five wickets for 67. 