To Theatrical Managers in particular and Show People generally. A leading theatrical journal in New York has the following in reference to show-bill printing. The article com mences : — " Just as the present is the season for revivals among our christian frifindfl Hrt it in xvifih nnr mn- nooiarQ o number of old time plays being re vived with very encouraging results, while otherB are in course of prepar ation "with govgeous palaces and cloud-oapped towers" to give them the proper scenic effect. What would we do in these wonder-working days without the aid of those valuable stage adjuncts, the scenic artist, and the mechanist and carpenter? Without their assistance the works' of the most ! popular playwright would lay super fluous on the stage. With their skill i to back up the plot and dialogue, the veriest hodge podge of the incipient dramatist made be made attractive I and interesting. And the costumier is like unto them. Yea, without the rich ' garDs wmcn our costumiers now dress 1 the poor players in, the characters impersonated would be very sorry ' figures when contrasted with the fine ) stage settings of the play of this ad- vanced age, But it is the theatrical ) "bill printer mho plays the most impor- ) tant part in bringing to public notice , . through pictorial representations , the ) chief actors and most important scenes ) in the coming play. Thousands of r dollars are annually garnered into the ) treasury of the theatre directly through \ the artistic and skilful designs and f workmanship of the many colored J triumphs of the printers' art as are \ exhibited without money and without f jrrice upon the dead walls and, deader 1 renocs that meet the aye in all diree- » Hons." Wm. Marshall, of The Lorg- ) nette Job Printing Office, obtained the \ highest award for show and colored f block printing at the Sydney Inter- ) national Exhibition 1S79-S0 ; and \ Melbourne International Exhibition, ( 1880-81. White Lib. — A Frenchman politely 1 defined a white lie to be "valking , round about de .troot." We have much pleasure in directing ' he the attention of our readers to an ( advertisement in another column, set ting forth the merits of Steel's Chronic ' Cough Lozenges, infallible in their . effect. We advise our readers to try a box of them. I The attention of our lady readers < is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and < quilting in all kinds of materials is , done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. 4 They are sIbo desired to inspect some . of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. 4 Attention is directed to the pros- ( pectus of Bridges' art-union, published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- 4 tribution of prizes, from £1000 down d to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this affair. ( Gem Portraits.— The young lady ( who, while out sketching near Lorne, was burned to death by a bushfire,has ' since been identified through a gem ( portrait being found amongst the remnants, Mr Edelsten, the pro- ' prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- / street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one ( that was taken at his studio about a / month ago. 