) News and Notes. f Two Gold Medals awarded / American Waltham Watches ; \ the only medals awarded to Exhibit- ( ors of Watches Melbourne Interna- I tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine \ Waltham Watches have the trade f mark, Waltham, Mass.," engraved 1 on the plate of the watches, j The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; ( Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled r Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, i opposite Waxworks, \ We notice by announcement else- r where that Mr E. Davis, who has so 1 successfully managed MuBkett's book \ and stationery business for the past r six years, has now taken the same in- j to his own hands. He has opened up k a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c;,, r suitable for presents. He has also an ) assortment of over 20,000 of French's ( acting editions of Plays. Opera House r tickets (D.C. excepted) can also be ) obtained at this house. \ The attention of our lady readers ( is directed to an announcement in our ) advertising columns that kilting and \ quilting in all kinds of materials is r done by the yard at the most mode- ) rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street, v They are also desired to inspect some ' of the most improved kilting machines, ) which are on sale at the same depot. ) Matrimony. — Never were such v great advantages held out to young ' people te marry as the present. A ) comfortable hoose may be furnished v for you, with every requisite to make r home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth , street, who will arrange with you ) to pay him say five shillings per week ) out of your earnings, and he will give r you in return whatever furniture you r require to build up a home Why ) delay 1 Go and see Mr H, Marks and ' get married at once. ' Gem Portraits. — The young lady ) who, while out sketching near Lome, . was burned to death by a bushfire, has ' since been identified through a gem ) portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- ' prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- ) street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one ' that was taken at his studio about a I month ago. 