V " Varieties. f I heard a Boniface, who keeps a comfortable k hotel not a hundred miles down the Bay, tell n /" good yarn the other eTening. ' A young fellow k who had come into some property, and fancied / himself a bit, took up his quurters at the hotel, \ for the purpose of having a pop at the rabbits, / which were- pretty plentiful in- the neighbor- ) nuuu. uu ins arrival ne ioiu one waiter to / bring him a pint bottle of " gold top. 7 "I- nm \ afraid we aro out of gold top" said the waiter, ( but we have some Moot, silver-top, capital Wine, \ sir." "My good fellow," said the bloated ( capitalist, "I never drink silver-top; if you Y have nothing better than that, I cannot re- ( main here." " I will acquaint the landlord, Y Bir," said the waiter, "and see if ho' his any ( left." Now mine host, who had taken stock of ) his customer, was equal to the occasion. He ( had a good stock of vigorine in tho house, so, J washing off the label, in went the waiter with f a bottle of gold-top, and informed the gent y that his master had found a case. The next ( few minutes was an anxious time for that y landlord, but his mind was made easy when his ( customer strolled into the bar and expressed y himself delighted with the "'Fizz.'' 1 'f Look ( here, old fellow," he said, " Don't you part with y any of that gold- top, I can polish off the case ( bofore I leave." " He remained a Week," said ) Boniface, " and when he paid his bill, which ( Included twenty-four bottles of gold-top, at six ) shillings a bottle, ho paid me the compliment ( of saying that he never drank better gold-top ) in his lile, for it did not give him the head- C ncho." ... J 1 The attention of our lady readers k is directed to an announcement in onr ( advertising columns that kilting and ) quilting in, all kinds, of materials is k donebyYh yer.at ; the.rhostjmbde- r rate rateB at 79 Elizabeth" street, y They are also desired to inspect some v of the most improved kilting machines, r which are oil sale at the same depot. ) Gem Pobtraits.— The young, lady k w;ho, while out sketching near Lome, ( was burned to death by a bushfire, has i since been identified-, through, a gem ) portrait "being found1- amongst, the \ remnants. _Mr Edelsten, -the prp- ir prietor. of the "Gem Btudio, Covins- J street east, opjioBite . Office,' bas \ since recognised the- portrait as u one / that was taken at his studio about a > month ago, . - . 