THE discussion on the reform question appears to have got into quite a new groove. It is not so much a question now in some, quarters of whether the Ministerial bill should be passed or rejected by the Assembly. Neither is the point in dispute what ought to be its fate when it is submitted to the .tender mercies of the CounciL The interest of this reform question, from the argument point of view, is now shifted into quite another direction. The question now appears to be whether the whole subject of reform should be handed over to a joint committee of the two Houses, and a scheme of reform lie thus developed for the two Houses to "sanction. Taking UP the O'SHA- NASST idea, the Argus strongly favors this course with the reform question, while "the Age just as strongly opposes any move of the sort; and these two papers are daily hammering away at each other with great' vigor on this basis. The result is quite .a shifting of the ground of debate, to the neglect in the meantime of the more important elements of the case, since a number of persons outside the two papers ' have fallen into the same mood, and'thus encourage this new form of discussion. It is, of course, in no way surprising that the Argus should hit out in the form it has now tak^n up. It wants to complicate the case, so that in the difficulties that would be sure to ariseno reform would be securcdatall; and it knows fall well that the best^md surest method to get at this end would be to land the whole thing in the hands of a joint committee. The Ag< sees all this with much clcarnc-ss, and veiy properly joins issue on the recommendation made by the Argus; and it does so with such "force that no rational person can fail to see that the Age has a long way the best of the new evangel. The Age describes this cry for a joint committee as the last expiring gasp of a defeated faction; and everybody must see, no matter what his politics may be, that there is an immense amount of force contained in this description. Moreover, the Age has lately "shown that a number of the members who sit to the left of the Speaker have in the not far distant past supported the ratepaying roll as what should be the basis of the franchise for the Upper House. Consequently, without being guilty of gross inconsistency, these members cannot now-vote against this principle in tie Ministerial measure; and'this principle is the point upon which the whole Ministerial case now centres. In view of all these circumstances, the Age is having by far the best of the new phase that has sprang up; and when it describes the effort -of the Argus as an attempt, on the one hand, to get its friends out of a difficulty, and on the other, to burke the whole issue, nobody can fairly say that - the Age is at all wrong in its demonstration. Now the gist of this fresh form of discussion seems to us to lie.in a very small compass, and no more than this is necessary to lie said at this juncture. The sending the reform question at this stage; to a joint committee of the two Houses would simply and inevitably be to shelve the whole question indefinitely. The committee of the two Houses, thus nnified, would never agree upon a scheme, because they would come together with quite- antagonistic conclusions and convictions. This has been the history of all Liberal- Conservative committees of the two Houses; and there is BO earthly reason why a question of reform should sup'ply the exception. Indeed, the vital principles at stake would only go to intensify Hie diaagmeBient. :Xhe~ CoandFa h&If; of the committee would stand outfar a high f f A i " M ivwifraHisrinpntfMd [ from what the people ^mant,* while the b half of the committee supplied by the b Lower lionse would insist upon something quite opposite to what the p i Council's representatatives would demand ; and with such certain e elements of discord at w<prk as these there would lie 110 possibility of a. common, understanding. The difference, indeed, -would be so rigid that the whole time spent in discussion would be perely and inevitably wasted. The certain j-esult would be the shelving the whole aflair, because the disagreement by the joint •committee would only mate the prospect of getting -the desired reform out of the Council the more difficult and hopeless; and in -view of this fact there would rather spring up a desire in tie Lower House -to shirk the work than a wish" 4o cany it- to fruition. To fall in with tins joint committee idea would, therefore, be to spoil the whole case, and to put off lie attainment of reform farther than evkr. Of course all this is well known to the Argits and its friends j and it is <J»is knowledge whicli makes them take up with the O'SHANASSS" nostrum, .because, without it, they see the possibility of reform being obtained that. wfll find 'favor with the people.. There is some chance of obtaining the Council's" consent to a bill sanctioned by a large majority .of tfca Assembly and backed up by the cocnJay. There is strong pressure in all this; while there would be none at all by referring the matter at the outset to a joint committee. In these facts, ihe cloven hoof ^of the Argus may be seen, since the idea of a joint committee at this stage is based upon the desiia to prevent reform, while without it there is a possibility of its being effected, 'by reason of 'tile strong .pressure which in the latter case will be brought to bear for the purpose. The Age has, therefore, by a long way the best of this new controversy; ajid ajiytiody who believes in a straight course being pursued to reach a defined end, will not hesitate for a .moment to endorse this .conclusion. THE Government will of course have nothing to do with the erase which has just seized upon some of the professedly liberal papers for free or assisted immigration. Mr BEERY and every one of his colleagues, save -one, are well aware that the. liberal party does not believe in this particular nostrum; and, therefore, tie Government will fight just as shy of this ridiculous craze as they would of a moral plague, or of the general run of Conservative recommendations. Free or assisted immigration would only be warrantable where an immense area of valuable territory was. unoccupied, and the population was not steadily increasing from within; or where there was such a scarcity in die supply that it was impossible, unaided from without, to meet the demand for labor. Not one of these conditions, however, prevails here; consequently it would be little short of insanity to bring additional population to this colony at the expense of the general community. No matter what department of life a vacancy occurs in, there are always 10 to- 50 " persons ready and eager to fill it; and it would be nothing else than inflicting a great wrong upon our own labor to force people upon -this land while this state of things continues. We can bear with equanimity the arrival of persons who bring money, coupled with intelligence, sobriety, industry, and perseverance with them, because they are sure to become em- ployers of labor, without entering into competition with, or cutting down the wages of, the working classes already amongst us. These people,, however, pay their own passages; and, therefore, their coming here would not mean expense to those who have already settled on this territory. But we caqnot put up with the arrival of persons amongst us without a shiHing in their pockets, and with the certainty that these im migrants would prove a burden to the community, as is the case just now both in New South Wales and New Zealand, besides bringing damaging competition amongst our own labor, lowering wages, and causing other evils; and, therefore, ; nothing less than crass stupidity, or intense selfishness, can underlie the advocacy of free or assisted immigration, because if this principle -were to be put in force it is this class, and this class only, that would -be found to join us." The argument that a floodof free immigrants would bring prosperity to all classes, by widening the ansa of producers as well as consumers, is not worth replying to, because, under the conditions which we present, it is nothing else than unadulterated ., buncombe. The same threadbare argument was urged in " New Zealand, ' but with what result? Simply and sadly to flood that colony with paupers; and it is not more thana few months ago that the effect was so disastrous that in Christchurch alone hundreds of men, women, and children were only saved from death by starvation, to the great expense and anxiety of the old and settled residents of the district. Independent, however, of all these reasons agamstthe absurdxjutciy which we have to bear up against just now, where is the money to come from to do what is asked for f * The Treasury can hardlypay its way as it is; and -where, then, could the Governmeut find the money, for free or assisted immigration, supposing it fell in with such a ridiculous and ruinous project! Clap on more taxes, we suppose will be the reply, for it" is the only reply that can- be made. But do the madcaps who cry out for free or assisted immigration, suppose the working classes, or any other class, will find money, payadditional taxes, for such a purpose 1 Is. anything of the sort feasible ? Why' a Government" that proposed such- a thing -would be driven from office' amid nothing elsa than jeers and execrations. A'nd yet the money could only be"got for the object in view by adopting this method to obtain it. This 1 clamor for free or assisted immigration shows such a want of feeling 4 for our working classes , on the one hand, and such an utter insensibility to ways and means on the other, that we confess to be utterly at a loss to understand what mentSl disturbance can have been abroad of late, to cause such an absurd outcry. . There is no danger," however, of this clamor being attended •with any. tangible result, because Mr BEBBT jind the great bulk of Ids cot leagues are ;as much opposed to foee or asQsted immigration, aslGbey . ^ e to State aid to religion, or tfce abaiadon : ment of protection. Nevertiideas tbis revival of ian old played quthowijias to fanmat«way Uuw jtapmgB^'MBtfanljri ecause it has a iiuaiber of votarifes, ut also becanse .it is so intensely niquitous in its veiy nature. -Gsremn eople produce population, quite "fast nough to be productive of good.. With this natural and local increment, the friends of free ami assisted im«igration will have to be content, fer the working classes of "Victoria will stand no other -sjstem of enlargement. - IT is with -no small amount of satisfaction we see that Mr WOODS has carried off a first prize at the Melbourne Exhibition for his automatic brake, and' that it lias been recommended also for the prize, amounting to £1000, which the Emperor of Germany has placed in the hands of bis Melbourne representatives for distribution. The WOODS' brake is unquestionably a great success—-a. most valuable auxiliary to the railways, and just the very adjunct that is needed on every train to secure both despatch and safety. We have tested this brake ourselves, and the conclusion forced upon as at £he time was that it deserved, as it still deserves, everything that has been said in its fa-vor. It is prompt in action, easy of application, and quite free from anything like the least inconvenience. to traffic. Not anytliing of the'sort could lie more simple and effective; and so little does it agect the occupants of a train to which it is applied that let a passenger siteven epright on. his seat when the brake is applied to a fast travelling train, and there will not be on .inclination of one degree caused to his' body by the impact. It causes less jarandinconvenience,indeed, than the application of the most ordinary brake, while being much tpiore rapid in the object it is designed to encompass. Such a useful, and at the same tune skilful, invention as this deserves tile recognition it has now received at the hands of the Exhibition jurors; and it is to be hoped that the £1000 offered by the Emperor of Germany will be added to m&ke; the acknowledgment'more remunerative and perfect. There is an additional-reason, however, why this award of the jurors is so gratifying. It is a splendid snub to those mendacious and maiieious people who, despite the opinion of local and " out- 1 side engineers, have been continually girding at this brake, not because they could find any fault with it mechanically, but simply because .it. M^pened 1 to be the work of a political opponent. Had Sir WOODS been on the Conservative sale there would have been nothing in the world to equal his invention. It would . have been lauded to the skies, and its praises would have been rung from one end of the-colony to the other. But Mr WOODS happens' to be a liberal; and, therefore, his brake must be written down. He is not of " correct opinions," and, therefore, the labors of his brain must be denounced, vilified, and in every possible way disparaged. ~ Such is the treatment a pack of vindictive and ignorant Conservative scribes have meted out to this brake; for Mr WOODS has had to bear up against as much venom and slander in this connection as though his brake, instead of being the excellent design it is, was the puniest and most wretched contrivance which was ever called into existence. He has now his revenge, however; and we feel heartily glad of it. He has now the proud satisfaction of knowing that the merits of his invention' have been acknowledged by very high authorities on mechanics; and at the same time he thus sees the tables completely turned upon his detractors.. All their misrepresentations are thrown back in their nagging and vicious teeth ; and the glory of the incident is that all this is done by impartial and skilled critics. We confess to be mensely delighted with this reward bestowed upon a deserving and much ill-used man; and we most cordially congratulate Mr WOODS upon the grand - manner in which -he has emerged from all the lying and slandering of which he has so long been the victim. It is one of, the m<>st refreshing incidents—is this first prize bestowed uponMr WoOD'sautomaticbrake by the Exhibition jurors—that has occurred for some time past; and we hope i t will bring Mr WOODS no end*of profit for his invention. This recouping he clearly deserves, not only for the excellent article which he has produced, but also for the scandalous and unde served abase which he has had to put up with. Xn this case honor has been done to.whom honor, is due; and every honest man in.,the community will be right heartilydelighted with the issue. A fatal accident happened to a lad named John lleebaii, employed by Mr WTieatley, farmer at' Monut lilowh^d, on Saturday afternoon. The lads, it'appeaxs, was driving a waggon home, when the horse bolted along the road and jerked him ont, whereby he sustained severe injuries nbont the body. He was picked up a. few .minutes afterwards by a man who was walking along the road, and a conveyance was sent for to take him to the liospitai, but when it arrived life was quite extinct. An .inquest: was held-on the body on Monday by £fr Afeehurst, P.M., when a verdict of death resnltrng from being thrown out of a vehicle was returned. , Mra Spencer is so much improved that she will be able to attend the police court ,at Beaufort on Thursday, and give evidence in the "prosecution ^against Newman," "the" locomotive foreman. -Mounted-constable Dalv will be proceeded gainst at the City Police. Court _ to-day, on a' charge of riding over the crossing aft Sturt street Lyaiard street at other than a walking paoe. It is in this case that the Bisbop of Ballarat has been subpoenaed as a witness, he having reported that a mounted police officer had ridden at too great a pace over the crossing. The rumor we gave publicity to last Mon- day morning turns out to have been correct. The jurors of the" Melbourne .Exhibition liave placed the locomothreahd-tender manufactured by the Phtenix Foundiy Company, BaUara.1, in the M first order uf. merit," and the Btcani lorry manufactured and exhibited by the same company has been honored with the same distinction. • -3Sichard'£eattxe,.who w^s axrested on a charge of having feloniously assaulted one Hobert Daniel Brace,; and-cobbed-him of 3a 6d and a plug of tobacco, was brought before the bench yesterday morning at the City Court and discharged, as there was no appearance of the prosecutor, uid as Snbinspector Babingtou inforn^d the bench that he was of opinion tiint the accused was not guilty. ' . A woman named Jane Bums, aged fiftyfour, who resided alone in Parker street, BaUarat, near Lake Wendouree, "was found dead in her house on ths night of the 19th instant, by Mrs Carbefcfc, a married sister of \ deceased's. . Deceased occasionally complained of palpitation of the heart, bat iraa not ailing at the time of. her death/' Mr .Aiehnrst, P.M., held An inquest cm the body, oa Monday afternoon, when the M- lowinE TSrdict wffis returned, Viii.:—Thatdeiceased' 'died from syncope, arising r £rom failure of the heart's_ Bction,^oniiseqaenl on fatljy dqgepecation. •. :.. . • • and will juttrntd his man y tamed IftBfok 4n"-&fe;,t _ which says,"" Let trot ti^f left hand, 'what thy right hand doetlj." In con* tarnation, he says it shoald not be a Hercu-: lean labor to find ten other townsmen to do likewise, and tile loss would be recouped- A correspondent sends as "the following :— '-'The citizens of Ballaiai, an order; to show their sympathy .to wards the trooper who was informed againat by a high church dignitary for riding over crossings at oilier than- a walking pace, started a subscription limited to threepence to defray the cost of defending him in lie police court, the result being a .sum sufficiently large to carry out. their object." itr Alfred' Lester, ef Lester's hotel, returned to Melbourne from his European tour on Saturday last by the Aconcagua in muchimproved health, and *?iU arrive in Ballarat to-day. The quarterly reunion of the Barkly Street Mutual Improvement Association took place; last night at the Wedeyan schoolroom; a concert being given in celebration-- of the event. Mr li. MtJrcgor, vice-president of tic association, occupied the chair;.there; being about 300 persons present. The mem-: bers of St. Paul's Mutual Improvement Association w ere present by invitation. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer, after which the chairman delivered aa address. The programme of the concert' which included, singing, recitations, and dialogues, was then gone through in a very satisfactory manner, the performers being Misses Camell, Williams, Vercoe, Bryant, and Wilson; and Messrs Phillips, Vercoe, Wooleock, Opie, Bossence, Glenny, Ham. and Hambly. Misses Cutter and. fLetchford presided at the piano. Votes of thanks were; then passed to the visitors and the per-' formers, "and the singing of the National Anthem closed the meeting. At the Town Police Cocrt . yesterday morning Mr Tiirpie, J.P., presided, and dis-j charged one inebriate. A female was brought np on a charge of insulting behaviour, and was also discharged. ~ It appeared that the accused, who was in the employ of Mr liill, baker, Main road, had obstinately refused to leave her bed for sixty hours, and at a late hour on Monday night she got np half-naked, and walked into the shop. It is alleged that she was then about to be forced into the street, and have the door closed on her, when she threatened to set the house on fire^and caused a great disturbance, which attracted the attention of a policeman,'-who took her, to the lock-up. • At a meeting of the Swimming Club com: mittec on Monday .night everything in con< section with to-day's matches was arranged.: Judging from the number of entries, and the interest taken both inside and outside the club, the matches will be a greater success than they have -ever been. The principal events—namely, the half-mile and the 420 yards—will take place after two o'clock, so that everybody will hasfe an opportunity of witnessing them. The various competitors have been in active training for some weeks, so that some good racing may be expected." The Bible Christian Church conference, at dunes, was resumed on Monday, and.after the preliminaries were gone through, the debate on Horsham was cesumed, and a vote of £30 was accorded it. Several embarrassed trusts were considered, and occupied the re-- mainderof the morning. The case of burdened trusts was discussed, Castlemaine occupying a prominent place in the debate/ Various opinions were expressed, and sifter a general conversation on the matter, a resolution was passed to meet the requirements of the case. A request to divide the Horsham 'circuit by severing Pimpinio, and making it a separate circuit, was complied with. A similar request irom the Klmore circuit was acceded to, the new circuit to be called the Terricks. A petition from the Elmore circuit for the re-appointment of Mr Warren to that circuit for a fifth year was next read and considered, and a conditional resolution passed. Mr David Cooke, auctioneer, &.C., held a sale of land at his office, Lydiard street, yesterday. The land, which was in tlie estate of the late Dr Nicholson, contained 139a -r 26p, and was situated near the Half-way House hotel, on the Buninyong road. The ] price realised was £1 5s per acre. : i We ate informed that Miss E.. MJntosh, of Macarthur Street State School, has been ap- ] pointed - pujjil P u teacher in HumSray . Street;. tate School, No. 34 (Mr Bosenblum's). She : will commcnce duties in her new position I forthwith. - Our local correspondent writes:—" That well-known house, the Court-house hotel, Smythesdale, has recently changed hands, and the worthy landlord, host Tom Eawlings, will notr be able to welcome his visitors, and make them comfortable, under his own roof: tree, as he has become the proprietor of the hotel." There was a large number of members and visitors at the Neil Street Mutual Improvement Association's fortnightly meeting, held last Friday evening, the occasion being the .delivery by Mr James Stringer of an excellent paper on a portion of his recent travels, viz., "From Melbourne to San Francisco." The writer treated his subject in a capital style, and succeeded in-greatly interesting his audience. The Eev. A. Powell occupied the chair. Votes of thanks to the writer and the visitors were accorded. Afterwards the ordinary business was transacted; matters in connection with the proposed addition to the library being discussed. The members desire to convey their thanks to St Paul's Mutual Improvement Association, for their recent courtesy in re Mr John Bobson's late recitala. The business for next meeting will be an essay, entitled, "Effects and Defects of Education.' The usual weekly meeting of the Ballarat East Lodge, No. 53, LO.G.T., was held at the Fire Brigade, Ballarat East, oh Tuesday, 22nd instant; Br W.C.T. Beyer presided. 1 There was a large attendance, and live new members were initiated. The report of sick committee was received, and action taken. Br W.C.T. Beyer, had been recommended, at the convention, as District Deputy for ^he ensuing year. After ±Ufe usual harmony, the meeting closed at ten p.m. We have received from Mr Kennedy, whose Scottish entertainments with ms family in .this town will not have escaped the memory of our readers, a copy of his son's new work on " Kennedy in India;" it bring .a descriptive account .-of a professional tour made by the gentleman named and, his family through Bengal, Bombay, and the north-west provinces of-that part of the British dominions. The work is racily written, full of interesting anecdotes, replete with personal incidents, and altogether one of the most readable productions that has for some time past come under our notice. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Ballarat Lodge No. 20, LO.O.F., .waa held at the hall in Urenville street, on Monday night last. N.G. Br Henry Davis in the chair. The attendance was moderate. Sick pay, £4 7s_6d, and three small accounts amounting to £3 17s 34, were passed for. payment. Two members were admitted by' clearance card, and one initiated^ P.G. Br Ai'K. Taylor,"on behalf of the Grand Lodge representatives, brought up a capital report of the proceedings of the Grand 'Lodge, held last week at Echuca.. Votes/of thanks were ordered "to he sect to the Sandhurst and Echuca lodges for their exceeding kindness to the members of this lodge.'' The anniversary supper and hall, cn 2nd March next, is attracting a good deal of -attention, and from all appearance will be a derided success. The secretary having read the receipts, £24 13s fid of the evening, the lodge closed in the usual form at half-past ten o'clock. The report of "the directors on the" Royal Blind Asylum and School, Edinburgh, has readied us by the maiL This charity provides 3-home and treatment for IS3 adult patients; and we are glad to see so excellent an institution progressing so favorably. Last Monday the annual convention in connection" with the Independent Order of Good Templar^ Ballarat District, was held'at Bruun's Orchestral Hall, the district deputy (Br Geo. King) presiding. The reports from the various lodges were most encouraging, particularly .that of the Lifeboat, which months agoonly mustered nine members, bnt now had 54 good ou tiie books. The D.D. (Br King) thanked the members for their kindness towards him daring the past twelve months: He was pleased to" see the concord that existed between the various lodges. He had during his term of office visited all the * s iii his district, and fonnd same in j^ood iiig. order. The grand united meeting, held list Aucrust, had been a grand "success, and he urged on tiie members to endeavor to arrange for a^fiimilar one this year. .Several resolutions wise carried Cor the comirw Grand-Lodge meeting to be U at Melbourne on Good Friday, and- it -was resolved to endeavor to base''the nbxt, Grand Lodge' session held at Ballarat in 1882. A most hearts-vote at thanks was passed to Br Gems 6 Kingfor the able manner he had carried.out.the duties of district deputy for the past yeki; ' Br Albert Beyer -was recommended tp the Grand Worthy Chief Tfem- plaras his defmty for this ijistnet for the coming year.-" ' f' We are compelled to hold overt aumbfer of letters until to-morrow. The receipts on the "VIctsiMn Railways for tiie week whicb ended oa -tiie 17th February were £34,813 13s Id. The sum received in the corresponding week of 1SS0 was £-27,932 19s 6d. -Hie attendance at the Exhibition on Monday was as follows T — By single ticket, 39S3; . season ticket holders, 50; miscellaneous, 1514—total, 5547. The grammar of "No. 4 Shareholder 7 ' is so crooked that we cannot put his letter into a fit sbapc-for publication. A corrected edi tion will be inserted. An important report (says the Herald) was submitted to the Exhibition commissioners yesterday. From the documents it is shown that-the Public Works Department has paid away on account of the building £zI7,7S3 2s lOd, and that a sum of £G30 is owing on contracts. The commissioners estimate that after they have drawn the balance of the Parliamentary vote, £1507 I9s 10d,'they will, at the .close of the Exhibition, be short to the extent of *£33,*201 Ss Sd, less tiie money obtainable, for the sale of the annexes and gas-fittings. As the commissioners have received from Parliament already £30,091 2s 4d, the Exhibition will cost tiie State over £280,000, made up as follows:—Spent in building, &c.;, £2I7,7S62s tOd; due on same, £680; received from the Treasury, oa maintenance account, £30,001 2s 4d; to receive from same, £1507 19s IGd. Deficiency to be made up, £38,201 5s Sd. The Maryborough Standard writes:— : "Acting upon the suggestion thrown out in the St-G.nda.rd on Saturday, several members connected with Christ Church, Maryborough, embraced the opportunity of waiting upon the Bishop of Baliarat on Monday, &t; the paraonige, and urged upon him the desirability of Itlaryborough being ah archdeaconry. The bishop did not seem to favcrthe proposal, on the ground that it was too near to Ballarat. The subject was discussed for some -time, with" a view of meeting the bishop's objections, but the effort, was not wholly satisfactory. It was finally decided that if the vestry would send in a memorial,, setting forth themeasons why Maryborough should be an archdeaconry, he would lay it before the council, and the matter could then be re-considered. The Argus writes:—" Mr Mirams visited Maldon on Saturday, and consulted with the Liberal party there, and it is reported that Mr Casey has been chosen to contest the seat in the interest of the party. Referring to the same matter the Age says:—"The local Liberals think • that in the present temper of tiie country there is every chance of their -being able to score a Ministerial victory, and they have placed themselves in communication with Mr J. J. Casey. That gentleman has not yet made up his mind whether he 'mil contest the seat, but he has sent a reply, iu which he expresses his approval of the Ministerial Reform Bill, and his strong objection to plurality of voting, against which he made a most decided protest while a member of tiie Francis Ministry. A meeting of the Liberal electors of Maldon, fairly representative of all parts of the electorate, was held on Saturday. The following resolutions were unanimously agreed to:— 'That this meeting is of opinion that the present opportunity of securing a Liberal representative should be seized by all Liberal electors, to the exclusion of every other consideration,' ' That in order to ensure success in -this effort, this meeting pledges itself to support to the utmost the candidate who Bhall be approved by an aggregate meeting of Liberal electors called for the purpose.' ' That after careful consideration of the situation, this meeting is of opinion that Mr J. J. Casey is the gentlemen most likely to win the seat for the party, and therefore determines to recommentf him to the choice of the Liberals of this - constituency.' * That a meeting for this purpose be called on Tuesday, evening n^xt, at eight o'clock, at the Criterion hotel.'" Large bush-fires (says the Age) have been raging about Wood's Point during the last week, and many crushing plants have been in jeopardy therefrom, especially the Hope Company's winding engine and pLint, erected at a cost of £4000. Several volunteers from the township were engaged all day on Sunday and Monday night in .beating back a j bush-fire' from the above property, and it was only by the most strenuous exertions on their part that their efforts proved successful. . Mr Service will address his constituents at & dinner to-be given to him at Maldon this evening, when he will formally annonnce his intended resignation. Mr Kerferd and some other lion, members (says the Argus) will accompany Mr Service. Mr Murray Smith was to have been iresent, but his Parliamentary. duties " irobably prevent him from attending. Another case of a-well-to-do family having a relative as an inmate in one of the public lunatic asylums, and refusing to' contribute towards, his maintenance, has been brought (says the Age) under the notice'of the Crown Law Department. The inmate in this instance is the member of a family several of whom are employed in the public service. The father of the patient was also at one time connected with the Civil Service, and is now drawing a pension from the State. Hie efforts of the department, however, have been successful in making arrange- IP*? 13 with the famfl y for the payment of both arrears and future contoibutions. The Sydney and County Bank (says the Argufi) is the name of a new bank whichiit is proposed to establish in Sydney. The capital is £500,000, in 50,000 shares of £10 each, of which £12,500 shares will be issued in the first instance. A destructive fire\says the Ararai Advertiser), causing the loss of 1500 acres of grass, occurred on Sunday afternoon at the Rocky Range, Tatyoon, oh Messrs Forbes and Chirnside's estate. The fire broke* out at the southern slope of the Rocky Hill, and rapidly swept to near the summit, where it was checked; it then swept across the piddock at the foot of the hiU, and travelled about three miles towards Maroona, being eventually stopped at the railway line, near Johnson'e gate. Quite an army of residents in the district, and men from-the various threshing machines, worked hard over the fire, and by forming a lice on both sides, they "gradually narrowed the flames down to a point at the railway line, which foresee proved a friend in need! A few sheep were burned, -but the greater portion were got into a place of safety by the station employes. The origin of the fire is a mystery, as it was seen shortly after its commencement, and no one had bom Been camping or shooting in the vicinity.. Fires are also raging on Mount Cole and the Grampians, A return (says the Argus) shovring'tiie immense quantity of grain now bring sect over the Victorian lines of railway was on Monday prepared for Mr Patterson. The return, which is lor the week ending Saturday last, denotes the numbsr-of bags of grain despatched from thsnndermentionedstations: —Horsham, 7141; Lubeck, 2130; Jung Jung, 4025; Mui-tca, 7900; St. Arnand, 11.329; Danolly, 117: Inglewood, t>739; Bridgewater, 2330; Echuca, 7939; Rochester, A9S4; Elmore, 9745; Goomong, 16774 Avcecl, 750; Viclct Town, 1550; Nagambic, 2310; Murehison, 2255; Arcadia, 2460; Toolamba, 504; Mooroopna, 1791; Sheppartcn, 20,90S; Tatnra, 6727j Glenorchy, 509; Bealiba, $55; Waligunyah, 1745; Wallan, 120; Brai3l!a, 8294; Sandhurst, 3214; Euroa, 1000; Woodend, 499; Daylesford, 337; Lancefieid, 1733; Avoea, 289; Springs, 11-tT; Rnthcrglen, 1700; Wangaratta, 1C65; Chilt-em. 500; Seymour, 93.3—total, 131,007 bags. Of this quantity, 85,433 bags wore delivered at A shed at Spencer street'statios. As it has been reported (says the Argus) that certain exhibitors have been recommended for the Emperor of Germany's prize, wc may state that, for the purpose of adjudication, exhibits have been divided into thirtysis jury classes, and tuder the conditions framed by Professor Beuleaux, each of the thirty-six juries is invited to nominate one candidate for the prize. When all the nominations are in the juries will meet-to select one exhibit out of the thirty-six, or whatever less number may have been recommended. The competition is confined to Australasia* No decision is likely to be come to ontil the present jury work is finished, which will be some time next month. Hie conned of boards of advice of Victoria held a meeting (says Jthe~2Vfcjranft)..«t thfe office of the chairman, Mr J. M. Templeton, F.LA., on Monday. . It waa dsrided that, in view of the desire evinced by the members of boards of advice, another conference should be arranged for. to take place about the 6th, 7 th, land fith of April jiext. The Roei'Bridge correspondent of the Ararat AduuHUr writes:—*" Mr Clarke is the oofroM threshed at the time of and bis yield waS 370 feuritebsfrom 21«cres. of wheat, or an average of neaiJy.iS bushels. The general average of this district will probably be- Wheat* 19 bushds; oats, 24." A sad accident (says the Talbot Leader) happened at Talbot on Monday morning, by which a child about seven years Of age, named Violet Bach, was severely burned, and ber father and mother'also sustained injury. The child approached the fire for the purpose of watching the water bod in the kettle, and, while so engaged, ,ber clothes , became ignited and the poor little thing rushed shrieking with agony into the badt yard, where her screams at once brought her parents to the spot. Mr Bach promptly threw her on the ground, and; assisted by his wife, endeavored to extinguish the flames. During thenefforts to accomplish this object their' garments also took fire, and the child was only rescued from death ^t the expense of very severe barns to both parents. Dr Cunniugliam. was immediately called in, and he having dressed their wounds, the sufferers were removed to ihe Amherst Hospital, where Dr Massy was unremitting in his attention to them, and did all that was possible for-the relief of their sufferings. The child was found to be dreadfully burned, the whole of'the trunk from the hips down being fearfully charred; while Mrs Bach's hands and arms were badly burned, one of her arms being scorched and blackencd as far as the elbow. Mr Bach's injuries were not of so Berious a nature as to necessitate his admission to the hospital, and after iiis wounds had been dressed he was enabled to return home. Mrs Saeh and the ' child are, we are glad to say, progressing as favorably as the nature of their injuries will permit. - A very narrow escape from a dreadful accident (says the Talbot Leader) occurred at the Castlemaine railway station on Wednesday evening. - Prom the information supplied by ilr Heppner, who W3s a passenger by a special train from Mdbo'^rnc bringing .the returning excusionists, for whom there was no room in the mail train, we are enabled to give the following particulars:—Soon after leaving Chewton the passengers became aware of the excessively fast pace the •train was travelling, which became greater as Castlemaine was approached. ' So great was- the speed that tiie station. was overshot from half to three-quarters of a mile before the train was pulled up, and occasioned the-greatest alarm to the passengers. The speed of the train, although the breaks are said to have been down, was so great that, "in Mr Heppner's words, "I thought every moment it. «ould roll over." It is said that the rush of the train past the platform extinguished the handlamps of tiie jporters. "When command was obtained over it the train was brought ba£k to the station. The ordinary mail train, which had arrived previously, bad just left the station as the special Hashed round the! curved entrance thereto, snd the fear was that it would not escape being telcscoped, and an aecidsnt, to which that at Beaufort would have been trivial, ensue. Another Talbot resident who had returned to Castlemaine tn route for Talbot by an earlier train, describes tiie excitement at the time on the platform as most intense, as it appeared that nothing could have prevented a fesrful accident. The Border IE atch says:—"Hop-picking will commence in this district next week, and we are glad to hear the crop will be a fairly good one—not less than right cwt. per acre. The quality also will be superior. The area to be picked this season is 42 acres. As the hop industry is already an important one, it was the means of bringing into the district last year some £2500, we are glad to think there is room for it to grow. India (says the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) is abqjit to become a field for oar miners and adventurous seekers after wealth. Already several wellknown adventurers are over there, and others are to join. One of the most restless of Victorian mining men, Mr Thomas Cornish, who invented a life-saving at sea apparatus, after several attempts to push liimseif in this country, has at last found his way to India, from whence news has come that he is doing very well, and he speaks highly of the mineral resources of the Wynaad, &c.; Wherever money is to be made aud gold obtained there you will find Victorians—the Yankees of the South. An enterprise on a gigantic scale has been made public in London by Mr J. C. King. His proposal (says the Hamilton Spectator) is the exact opposite of M. de Lesscps for cutting through the Isthmus of Panama, since he proposes to build an isthmus instead of intersecting one. The distance between the Mull of Canty re, on the coast of Scotland, and Tor Point, In Ireland, is only nineteen miles, the depth of water in the deepest part being 4 4lect _ ' . and !™ idea is to connect the two b> r an artificial causeway 100 yards broad, the high lands on each coast supplying the material, and offering facilities for gravitating it to the spot. The complimentary banquet tendered to Commodore O. E. Edwards hy the members of the Ballarat Yacht Club, previous to his contemplated trip to Europe, will take place this evening at Lester's hotel. Mr Edwards will leave by the Peshawur on 2nd -March next; but we understand that his absence will not extend beyond rix months. We are sure all that gentleman's friends heartily wish him a pleasant holiday. Mr Carter will give an address in the Humdray Street Temperance Hall this evening, at half- past seven. The Haddon Coursing dub will meet at the George hotel, Haddon, next Saturday evening at half-past eight. Intending members are requested in the .meantime to pay the a.nnnal subscription of 10s 6d to Alr Thorne. A meeting will be held at Christ Chnrch schoolroom this evening, according'to advertisement, which would seem to be of great consequence to parishioners, .as it ap: that proposals -are to be considered settling the principle on which the.- incumbent in the future is to be appointed. The meeting is fixed for a quarter-past' eight o'clock • A special committee .meeting of the Ballarat Miners' Association will be - held at the. office this evening at half-past seven, to arrange for the celebration of the anniversary by a picnic., The committee invite tenders for supplying a brass band for this event, which will doubtless be very largely attended. A picnic and concert will be held at Mount Doran to-morrow. Miss F.; Watson, and Mr-J^ Wcir,«of Ballarat, will take- part in the concert. 