/ News and Notes. ( Two Gold Hhdals awarded j Am uric an waltham Watches; \ the only medals awarded to Exhibit- ( or<< of w if.-hea 'felhourne Interna- / tioaal Exhibition, 1880. All genuine y W-ilkham W at'ihea have the trade r mark, '"V.'ilt.bftm, Maw.," engraved ) on the pi ue of the watches. S The hwt Meat Pie in the City, .2d.; V Tea, Co tine, Chocolate; Cocoa or Boiled ( Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, \ opposite Waxworks. \ Wenoti-e by announcement else- r where that Mr E. Davis, who has so ) successfully managed Muskett's book \ and. stationery business for the past r six years, has now taken the same in- J to his own hands. He has opened up \ a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c;„ ( suitable for presents. He has also an I assortment of over 20.000 of French's \ acting editious of Plays. Opera House r tickets (D.C. excepted) can also be 1 obtained at this house. ' ) The attention of our lady, readers! r is directed to an announcement in our ) advertising columns that kilting" and ' ) quilting in all kinds of Materials is ( done by the yard at the most mode- ) rate rates at 79 Elizabeth . street. \ They are also desired to inspect some of th'pimost improved kilting machines, ) which arS on 'sale ait the sanM) depot, ) MAtrimony. — Never were such \ great'iad vantages' 'held out to young ' people ! to 'marry as the present. A ) comfortable :,house- may be- furnished' \ for you,' with'every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr 'Henry1 Marks, of 186 Elizabeth v street, who" will _ arrange, with ..you. ' to pay him say five shillings per .week ) out of- your earnings; and he .will, give , , you in returni whatever' furniture you'i. ' require to build, up a . home Why ) delay ? Go and pee Mr H. Marks and, , get married at-once. , . f Gbh Pohteaits The young lady 1 who, while out sketching 'near Lome, I was burned to death by a bushfire, has sinoe bden identified through . a gem 1 portrait being found amongst the ! remnants. ''Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor ©I the Gem' Studio, OollinB- )' street east, opposite Age Office, has " since recognised the -portrait as one ' that' was taken' at his 'studio about a )' month ago.. ' 