THE coroner's jury in the case of the Cert>enis torpedo explosion have returned what is commonly designated an open verdict. Nobody can tell how the fatal accident occurred. All that is certain is that the explosion happened when it ought not to have happened, and that fire lives were sacrificed in consequence. It is undeniable that the evidence given at the inquest Called to sborr grounds for any more positive verdict. There is conclusive proof that the gunpowder in the torpedo was not fired from the electric battery, the chain of connection not having been completed by the electrician. " It is physcally impossible that the mine was exploded by means of the bey" is the testimony of one witness; and this averment is corroborated by the electrician himself, and by other witnesses. The inquiry at once suggested, then, is whether it may not be possible for torpedoes to explode of themselves. In the case before us, such an inference seems to be pretty nearly established. Mr ELLERY, the Government astronomer, for one, at all events, leans to that opinion. He says:—" If there was free nitroglyce- rine in the charge, it is possible to account for the explosion. The rolling over of the case would be quite sufficient to have caused the explosion then." Simple motion, then, it is proved on the authority of an expert, is of itself a cause of explosion in some of these highly dangerous fulminating nces. The next question is, whether there, was, or was not, any nitro-glycerine in the torpedo. It is needless to say that there ought not to Iiave been any, but, iu truth, this is saying little or nothing; for everyday's experience proves only too painfully that a most reckless waste of human life results from exactly the same kind of unexpected incidents. In ninety-ning cases out of every hundred of fatal accidents in mines, for example, the calamity is traceable to some slight oversight or blunder of a similar kind. Unfortunately, it is too late to say, " the gunpowder ought not to have been put there at all;" or " the men ought not to have been in that place when the charge exploded;" or " the fuse ought not to have been fired until the men had got out of the way;" or to make some equally trivial explanation after the calamity has occurred. If, now, miners were only thoughtful and considerate enough to say these things to themselves and to one another before the fatal crash comes and kills some of them, how many precious lives might be saved every year! But, returning to the Cerberus case : we find, from the evidence of one witness, that dynamite— the most deadly dangerous of all explosive substances, which, • but to touch with the tip of one's finger, is almost certain death—was freely carried about by GROVES, the gunner, exactly as if it were quite harmless in his hands. EVAXS, an able seaman, was one of a boat's crew which carried some things from the hulk where the torpedoes are made to the Cerberus. When he was about to handle one spiall GROVES exclaimed, " Good GOD f what are you doing? That's dynamite. You will blow yourself hp." Then GROVES himself removed the parcel. This fact is very noteworthy. A small packet, which " looked and felt like one containing a pound and a-half of brown sugar," was deadly dangerous to handle by anybody excepting the gunner him self. The mere sight of anybody else touching it filled him with horror. Vet, for all that, the dynamite parcel was handed about in the hulk and the boat, apparently as if nobody had-the slightest suspicion of its containing anything more dangerous than brown sugar. Here is a fact in die case on which special stress ought, in our opinion, to be laid. A-ocording to the statement of DIE seaman EVAKS, the parcel of dynamite was handed to him without any caution or. warning at all. Supposing he had awkwardly let it drop out of his hands: the fatal explosion of a little afterwards would in uhat case havebeenantioipated. Clearly, if there be such dreadful danger possible from the simple manipulation of certain fulminating substances, there oughtto be a law forbidding any person to handle them at all, excepting the responsible experts. It ought never to have happened .that GROVES should detect another man handling dynamite, and so be shocked into giving the warning he did. GROVES ought himself to have had in his own custody, at every moment, the parcel'of dynamite; ' For, the only explanation of die explosion which subsequently occurred turns npon that apparently trifling incident of carelessness. ITone of jhe witnesses ould tell what beewne xtf that &ial; L . LL^WITAESB, EVAHB ..*' never aw It -again." .He makes, thB gness hat. GBOVES night haVe taken it ack again to the hnlk, Sbut then, lso, to Hidg^t not; and\ if not, that niisring 'pareel of dynamite may have been ttie -cause of the explosion.- A email portion of the contents of It placed in the torpedo amongst die gunpowder would have, possibly, released the nitro-glycerine, which Mr EUEBT thinks may have fired the deadly missile. This is about all that can be deduced from the evidence in the way of a practical lesson. Of course we do not say that there was any actual carelessness on the part of the gunner, GROVES ; but the assumption of a very slight act of carelessness on his part, certainly does supply the missing link between the effect and its cause in iAle case before us. After all, however, it is the old sfcoiy, a thousand and a thousand times repeated, and repeated in vain. The lives of men are played with, so to speak, as if human life were, of all things, the cheapest and most worthless. It outrages humanity, it pains tiie heart, it freezes the blood in one's veins, to read day after day of fatal accidents in mines, in ships, in the very streets, arising from acta of the most trivial carelessness on the part of some person who—mark it well—is bound by every obligation of duty and humanity to be careful, and even over-careful, in what he is engaged upon. Miners at work, youths playing with firearms, soldiers and seamen employed in manipulating deadly weapons and missiles, and fifty other classes at their customary avocations habitually forget that they are playing with their own lives and the lives of others, and that the most inconceivably small incident may cause destruction of life on an appalling scale. There is no legislating against simple carelessness of this kind. It is a final fact in human nature, and apparently irremediable. But nature revenges herself terribly in these cases; for, in nine instances out of ten, the careless individual pays the penalty of his folly with his own life. ALTHOUGH there was an absence of any special feature in connection with mining during last week, the "share market was fairly active for the most part, but with a slight falling-off in the number of transactions towards the close of business. Band and Albion Consols were rather dull at the commencement of the week, and sold at £5 3s, but on Thursday, when die footwall was reached at the No. 2 crosscut in the No. 3 level, showing about 20 feet of gold-bearing etone, shares rose to £5 10s, but eased afterwards to £5 5 s. A better enquiry sprang up also for North Band, and sales were made up to 8s: while Young Band and Albion improved from 13s 9d to 15s. Band and Barton United had a rather unsteady market, opening at 19s fid, receding to 18s 6d, and advancing again to 20s Cd; but the directors having made a call for April of 2s per share, which was not, apparently 'anticipated by holders, the stock gradually declined to 16s 9d, which was the last sale made for (lie week. New Crescent became firmer from fis 6d to 7s 3d owing to the mine looking more promising, and Seijeant's Freehold changed hands in fair-sized parcels at 29s and 30s, and No. 2 Band of Hope Quartz at 10s fid and lla There was very little business doing either in Wilson's Freehold,- Washington, or New Koh-i-Noor, but there was a slight inclination in favor of buyers in each of the two latter stock named at the close of the week, Washington being offered at 19s and New Koh-i-Noor at 42s. None of the other stocks in this locality showed much animation. Collis Washington, which were depressed after the result of the late crushing, became firmer, as the week progressed, and advanced from 2s to 2s lOd on Thursday, but eased to 2s 6d on Saturday. Marshall's were also stronger. There was a fair enquiry for Black Hill Company's stock at about 19s, and a parcel changed hands at 19s fid on Tuesday. With this exception there was no business recorded in the Ballarat Bast mines. The splendid yield of 43 oz from 8 tons of stone by the Nonpareil Company, White Horse Ranges, induced an offer of £75 for a twelfth share in the claim, which, however, was refused. Amongst the Kingston stocks, Madame Berry were again the most favored of the higher-priced stocks, and sold from £10 6s to £10 12s, but Lone Hand, having had a burst of water in the mine, dropped from £8 10s to £8 2s 6d, and afterwards recovered to £8 fis when it was known that the water was out, or nearly so. Australasian Extended sold from 24s 3d to 26s fid, Berry Consols from 72s to 74s fid, and Berry Consols Extended from 10s to 14s? 6d, to 14s. The continued satisfactory progress of boring operations at the Hepburn Consols and Hepburn No. 1, which now give every indication of deep ground in that direction, caused a firmness in both stocks, the former having changed hands at from 19s to 20s, and the latter rose from 30s 6d to 34s fid on the week's business, although 35s fid was reached on Thursday. Hepburn Home Paddock also increased in value from £15 17s fid to £16 7s fid. A heavy decline occurred in Lord Harry shares from 19s to 10s, due to a panic amongst holders, induced, no doubt, by unfounded assertions as to the late bores by parties whose interest lay in another direction. There <aui be very little question, how- ever, that this company's claim contains deep ground, and it is intended to sink a shaft at once. There was a " large amount of business transacted during the week in Davies' Junction, at prices ranging between 23s 9d and 25s Cd, the last 'sale being at 24s 9d; hut Spring Hill Leads dropped from 19s fid to 17s, without other reason than a preponderance of sellers. North Ans tralasian, Charleson's, and other stocks in the locality sustained opening rates. After a long period of d ulness, an energetic demand set in for South Victoria shares, Waterloo, consequent on the good appearance of the gutter wash. Sales were made on Monday at Ifis to 19s, but after the first excitement sellers came forward, and shares were quitted at 15s at the end of -the week. All the other Beaufort stocks were very dull Of the Dunolly group, Queen's Birthday had the most attention, and advanced gradually from £25 2s fid to £26 10s, an increase well warranted by die splendid goldbearing stone .xiow going througjb the batteries. . Welcome had steady buyers at 4s, South Birthday at 2s, but there were no sellers forward at those prices. Curran'a were weak at 2s 3d sellers and Is dd buyers. There -was very little business in Talbot stocks, and. New Kong Meng, Majorca, receded from 43s to 40s fid. - Napier had a fair amount of business at 9s 3d to 8s 9d to ^ and Chalk's &eeholft; ; wern taken at 7s gd and 7B lOd. Of tiie mines in T^E Gordon district, Patter's ITnitpa, notwithstanding "the application, for an inspection by the neighboring Parker's Freehold, did not show any material fallingoff in price, having opened at 39s fid and closed at 38s 6d. Bgerton had a rise to £5 10s on Tuesday, but eased afterwards to £5 5s. Black Horse were not much noticed, die only sale recorded being at 35s. There was nothing doing in die progressive stocks in this portion of the district The dividends declared during the week were—Williams' Freehold, £4 5s per share; Dolcoath, 6d per share; Band of Hope Quartz, Is fid-per share; New Victoria, 3s per share. The following are the comparative yields:— Companies. Last week. Week before Band and Albion Black Horae.. Beaufort City of Canterbury Dimock's United Dnchess Dyke's.. Egerton .. ' Goldbrook .. Hawthorne's.. Hobart Pasha Ivey's Lone Hand .. Madame Beny New Crescent New Hong Meng . New Victoria New Australasian . New Perseverance . Befonn Bip Van Winkle Bistori.. Baocouae South Victoria Trunk Lead .. Union Extended . 8 16 162 10 288 10 No report 8 3 O 337 O O 136 11 O 20 19 O 67 13 O 15 12 0 Black Bill .. Hoflnnng, Talbot .. Little Hopewell New LotnaJr. . New North Clam*.. New Bmra Bnm .. Parker's United Parade Sezjeaut'a Freehold Snheman Pasha Washington.. Williams' Freehold Fiery Creek .. Sydenham Nonpareil <8 tons) .. Waterloo (one machine) 157 S 12 235 O O 237 .8 O S4 0 « IS 2 IS 7 10 12 169 15 O 47 19 0 .It is with profound regret that we this morning chronicle the sadden and fatal termination of the illness of Mrs W. C. Smith, wife of the Hon. W. C. Smith, Minister of Education, to which reference was made in our columns on Friday. Mis'Smith was in up till Monday last, and from that daj^untU Friday morning she became increasingly unwell, though her indisposition was not so serious as to cause her to obtain the services of a medical advisee. On Friday morning she became so ill that, Major Smith being absent, slie sent for one of her lady friends, and to her expressed herself as being seriously indisposed. Her friend at once called in Dr Pinnoek, and after making a diagnosis of Mrs Smith's illness, he considered her so greatly unwell that he advised, after prescribing certain medicine, that Major Smith, who was in Melbourne, should be at once telegraphed for. This was done, and when in the afternoon it was seen that the medicine had failed to take effect, Drs Owen and Hudson were called in in consultation. Major Smith immediately on receipt of the telegram left Mdbonme, and ar- rived at Ballarat by the afternoon train. The three medical gentlemAu in consultation declared that Mrs bmith was suffering from an internal cancer of such a nature that it must inevitably cause her to die a most painful death within a short time. There was an operation of a very delicate nature that, effected, might prolong life a little, but which wonld certainly relieve the patient of much pain in her last hours, and they recommended that it should be made. The operation was consented to, and very successfully performed, Mrs Smith being put under chloroform the while, and towards evening she rallied somewhat, and though of coursc it was impossible for her to recover, it was thought that she might live oat a few days. After midnight on Friday, however, she gradually sank, and at about four o'clock on Saturday morning she passed calmly and peacefully away, being conscious to the last. The doctors state that the cancer must have been forming for the past three years, but the first that the patient or anyone knew of its existence was on Friday last When it became known that the unfortunate lady was dead, a universal sorrow was expressed by the people of this place, everyone in mentioning the sad affair speaking as of the loss of a friend. The flags of the City Hall, and of other public buildings, were hoisted at the mournful half-mast high, and quite a shadow seemed thrown over the city by her untimely death. Yesterday at each of the Catholic Churches of St Patrick's and St. Alipius', prayers for the repose of the soul of the deceased lady were offered at each mass, the Rev. Father Meade officiating at St. Patrick's. The news of Major Smith's loss having been wired to Melbourne, Mr Berry the Premier, with Mrs Beny, came to Ballarat" on Saturday night, Mrs Beny expressing a great desire to look once more on the face of the deceased lady for whom she had a strong friendship. The body of the unfortunate, lamented lady was placed in a leaden coffin on Saturday night, and the case having been sealed up, it was put within another casing of polished cedar. The modal remains of Mrs \V. C. Smith will be to-day interred in the Ballarat Old Cemetery, and the funeral ceremonial will be of unusual circumstance, for such a favorite was the deceased, and in such estimation is Major Smith held, that large numbers of persons have signified their intention of attending the funeral to pay the last honors to Airs Smith. The mourners today will include many of Major Smith's colleagues and members of aU the local pnb'ic bodies. He City Hall offices will, we understand, be dosed until two o'clock, and there will be no meeting of the City Council this day. The arrangements for the funeral are as follow:—The body of deceased will be taken from her late'residence, Start street, to St. Patrick's Cathedral at abont eight o'clock. A requiem masB for the repose of the dead will then be celebrated; Dr Moore, assisted by all the clergymen of bis district who.can attend, officiating. At about eleven o'clock the funeral cortege will leave the cathedral for the cemetery. The members of the City Council will act as pall-bearers, and the officers of that corporation will carry the body from the hearse to the grave. Out of respect to the Minister, the State schools of the district 'will be closed to-day, to enable the local officers of the Education Department attend the funeral. The teachers will assemble at Mr Armstrong's Central school in order to join the sad' procession together. The City bellringers-wffl meet at the belfry, and ring a muffled peal during the passage of the funeral to the cemetery. In Mrs Smith's death the poor of this city will lose a sinccre and valuable friend; for she had endeared many to her by her benevolence and enduring kindness. Conceniii^g the non:trans f erreuce of several publicans' -licenses lately by Mr Akehnrst, P.M., on account of duty-stamps nut being affixed to the necessary documents, the officers of the City Council appear to be bl am able in the matter. That body should have affixed a duty-stamp on the publicans' licenses when they were issned at the beginning of the year, so as to properly comply with the Duty Stamp Act. This difficulty in transferring licenses is of course a great inconvenience to applicants to whom transfers have been refused on those grounds, and it is too late for the City Council to etam ;> the licenses now; BO, in all probability, those hofclkeepers who have applied for a transfer will rojirire to wait 'until new licenses are issued nest year. We a»e informed that the Town Council. offiaals stamped all licenses issued at the beginning of the year. \- The arbitrators appointed by Mr Dawson and tiie insurance companies interested, to decide upon the value oi the damage caused by the recent fire on Mr Dawson'e premises, adjoining this office, concluded their labors last Friday night. On Saturday their award was opened, and it was found to'fix the amountlxt.b: $aijji a* .followsOn the" de- Btmction panned in the back bunding, £834 10s;on the damage donein the front Jnuld* ing. £1225rt4ota3, £2059 10s. Strange to- Bay, the fire broke out again in that apparently »nextingoi«hnHa "v^getaUe black" on Saturday last, but a copious application of witter from a. hoae by Mr DawKou pat it out. ' Thii teuth or twelfth edition of the fire in that composition is the more noticeable as no sign of fire had made itself visible there since the previous Monday. It appears that Chung Goon and party, who were forcibly dispossessed of their claim at Haddon on Tuesday last, have abandoned their intention of out warrants against the ringleaders of the attacking party, and now mean to apply to the Supreme Court for an injunction against the Heform Company. Among the old identities who are gradually passing away may be -mentioned Mr Wm. Penhalluriack, of Otway street; he having been one of the small band who first obtained a digger's license at Ballarat on the outbreak of the gold discoveries, and has since been actively engaged in mining pursuits, with one short cessation, np to within four months ago. His funeral notice will be found in another column. A young man named Alfred Upjohn was arrested by Senior-constable Kelleher on Sunday morning, at about a quarter to four o'clock, charged with being concerned iu an assault committed on the person of one Sinclair Faulkner, in Doveton street, an hour or two before, and by which Faulkner sustained severe injury. It was reported to the police early on Snnday morning by Faulkner, that when he was walking in Doveton Bfcreet he was attacked by several young fellows, who handled him so severely that he was obliged to seek surgical treatment of a serious injury he had sustained. From his information, and the description he gave of one of his assailants. Senior-constable Kelleher proceeded to a house on Soldiers' Hill, and there finding Upjohn arrested him and brought him to the city lock-up, The charge entered against Upjohn is "that he did unlawfully and maliciously assault Faulkner, and inflict upon him some grievous bodily harm." Should the prosecutor be able to appear, Upjohn will he brought up at the City Police Court to-day. A boy named Robert Corrie, aged thirteen whose parents reside at Bolwarra, met with a very painful and serious accident on Saturday evening near the hamlet named. The boy with a younger brother went out to meet some timber waggons of his father's which were being driven toward? bis home, and, meeting them, he went too close to the fore wheel of one conveyance, a heavily loaded one, carrying abont ssven tons of timber, and the wheel caught upon his right heel and tripped him. He fell, unfortunately, with his foot under the wheel, and the wheel passing over it crushed his right ankle dreadfully, and also coining upon the left foot crushed it too. Those who saw the poor boy's accident at once ran to bis assistance, and seeing the serious nature of his injuries, brought him very quickly into the Ballarat Hospital. The resident surgeon, on examining the boy's -hurts, found the inner ankle of the right foot so badly shattered that it was necessary to remove it at once, and, putting the-unfortunate little fellow under chloroform, he performed the necessary operation. Yesterday Corrie, who seems a spirited little lad, was doing very well. A meeting of the Residence Area Holders' Association was held at the Buck's Head hotel on Saturday evening. Mr E. Fisher, vice-president, occupied the chair. * After the enrolment of new members, the members of the late deputation to the Chief Secretary gave an account of the interview. The case had been fully placed before Mr Berry, but it was felt that the question was not sufficiently mastered by him. Mr Berry had promised to confer with the Attorney-General on the matter, and until his intentions were made known it was recommended that the association confine itself to strengthening its present organisation. Eegret was expressed by several gentlemen in the meeting that the Attorney- General was not present at the bearing of the deputation, as it was thought that his former residence in the district, and knowledge of the subject, would have been of much service; and it was resolved to communicate with. the hon. gentleman, acquainting him with the objects of the association. It was decided to hold a series of meetings throughout the district, -with the view of inducing all interested to join in the movement. The first of these meetings was fixed to take place on Friday evening next, at eight o'clock, at the Societies' Hall, corner of Skipton and South streets. The meeting closed iu the usual manner. As the time has come round again for the posting of jury lists at the different churches, a discussion took place amongst some members of the police force on Saturday as to whether they should stick a copy of these lists on the Galloway monument, and at other places where Divine service is usually held. However, the result of the discussion was that the police should not stick a list on the Galloway monument, as they did not consider it a holy place, since a discussion on the devil took place there some few weeks -back. As regards the other places where Divine service is regularly held, the question remains unsettled for the present. A very little boy named' Charles Cookson, whose parents live on a farm at Warrenlieip, sustained a fracture of his left arm by being thrown from a horse he was riding near his parents' residence. He was brought to the Ballarat Hospital, and bis arm having been set, lie was taken homa The numerous friends of Mr John Osborne, formerly of the Devon and Cornwall hotel, Start street, but now of Osborne's hotel, corner of Lyort3 and Urquhart streets, will regret to learn the decease of his wife, which occurred last evening. The deceased has not had good health since the death of her eldest daughter, which occurred about two years since. It may be ad led that Mrs Osborne (who was esteemed by a numerous circle of friends) was the second white native born in Adelaide, her brother being the first. A large number of the gentlemeu connected with the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, headed by the present grind master and the past grand master, visited the Orphan Asylum on Friday evening, and expressed themselves much pleased with the institution and its inmates. They very kindly handed the superintendent 29s to provide a treat for the children. The committees for the management of free paLlic libraries claiming to participate in the grant of £3000 for the purchase of books, must send in their applications on or before the 2uth March instant. The conditions attached to the vote are :—1. That grants be made in proportion to the sum, in the aggregate not less than £5, collected by private subscriptions or local rates during 1880\. 2. That no grant exceeding £200 be pud to any one library. 3. That no more than one-sixth of the entire sum be divided amongst institutions within ten miles of Melbourne. The grant is limited to free libraries. A laborer named Thomas Fisk, a resident of Clarendon, was admitted into the Hospital on Saturday night, suffering from a severe injury to the cap of his left knee. He sustained this injury through slipping down on some metal on the railway line when -walking towards bis home that evening. Messrs Akehurst, P.M., andCaselli, J.P., presided at the City Court on Saturday morning, and fined a drunkard, named Patrick Walsh, in the usual amount. A change of having damaged a door, valued at 30s, the property pf Michael Penhall, was preferred against him, but be was dischaiged, as the matter had been settled out of court. A female inebriate was discharged. At the Town Court, Mr Anderson, J.P., dealt with oue drunkard. We are informed that the buildings now in course of erection at Gibhings' corner are to be opened by Messrs Buckley and Nunn, d.-apers, Melbourne, as a branch establishment here. Messrs James and Crebar are the architects, and have designed a very handsome structure. Two members of the Ballarat Bicycle Club, Messrs R. A. Thompson and T. Toy, rode down to Geelong on Saturday afternoon in about six hours, and returned to Ballarat yesterday evenings We see that Hie jurors of the Melbourne Exhibition have placed in the first order of merit the tables, mirrors, brackets, cornices, in witlings, and decorations exhibited by Messrs Whitelaw and Blair, now of Melbourne, but formerly of Ballarat. Hie inkstand presented to Mr W. Magee, son of the governor of the Ballarat gaol, by his late pupils of the architectural and mechanical class in connection witii the Me chanics' Institute School of Design, is now on view in the window of Mr Sutton's music warehouse, Start street, and is really a very handsome and useful ornament, Consisting of inkBtand and paper cabinet in satin wood and etaqy, most elaborately bound with brass. Although not yet eighteen years of age, Mr Magee has proved himsdf to be« very clever mechanic by the skilful work he Obtained prizes for at the late industrial exhibitions in Sandhurst, and Melbourne, «nd he 1 7'inches in diameter, which is capable of working up to two men's strength with the ordinary Gong Gong pressure, the consumption of water beingvery small indeed. Mr Magee is about to proceed to the Melbourne University for a year or two, to perfect himself in mechanical engineering, after which we have little doubt that he will occupy a position in the front ranks of his profession. An eujoyable Evening was spent in connection with the Mount Pleasant Mutual Improvement Association on Thursday last. Homes' were ibinus of their furniture, which was carried away for the pnrpose of forming various drawingrooms in .the school, where the association is held, and the display was really magnificent. Tables were covered with pretty tablecloths, and with chairs to match; there wa» a carpeted floor, and a piano provided by the president, Mr Grainger, with the cabinet organ belonging to the schooL A plentiful provision of fruit, cake, biscuits, lollies, &c.;, together with cool refreshing drinks were amply provided by the gentlemen members of the association. Invitations were sent to the lady members to attend the entertainment, and they mustered in full force. Miss A. Champion presided at the piano, and accompanied Mr Joseph Champion, Mr T. Farley, and Mr Grainger in various songs. But the evening was spent principally in various games indulged in by the groups at the different tables. Mrs James highly complimented the gentlemen on behalf of the lady members, closing one of the pleasantest evenings yet spent by the association. A meeting, for the purpose of forming a coursing club, was held at FarrelTs hotel," Scaradale, on Friday evening last. Owing jo various causes, there was not a large attendance. Mr W. C. Haig read a letter from Mr Mack, of Berry Bank, asking Mr Haig to act as secretary to the coursing oceetings at Berry Bank, vice Mr Whicher, who has left tbe district, and suggesting that it might be advisable to form ajclub, as they would then be able to give larger prizes, and make better arrangements for conducting the meetings. Messrs Haig, Darcy, and Mr Purdue mentioned that most of the coursing men in the neighborhood of Staffordshire Reef and Cape Clear had agreed to join the club, and, after some discncsion, it was considered best to postpone the formation of the club until the next meeting at Berry Bank, which -will take place on 15th and I6th instant. The meeting then adjourned. We are requested to acknowledge the following donations for the St Patrick's Day festival, viz.:—Messrs R. M. Serjeant, Patrick M*Connick, J. D. - M'Cartney, Frederick Atkins, James Cotter, Thomas Bichards, and W P. Daffy, £1 Is each, and from Mr John Matthews £2 2s. More donations are promised, the total exceeding last year. The grounds have been visited, and antra to the City Council provision is bong made for viators by the erection of seats. Tlie secretary of the German Association has been written to, and, pending their meeting on Wednesday evening, the president has promised a hearty co-operation by taking part in the procession. Mr John Lynch is gazetted a member of the board of advice for the borough of Smythcsdale,' and Mr W. H. M'Donald a member of the board of advice for the west riding of the shire of Leigh. Mr Isaac Bichards and Miss K. Go wan have succeeded in passing the departmental examination recently held for a certificate of competency. Both were pupils of Mount Clear school, and were prepared for examination by Mr Jno. Hocking, the head teacher. Mr Bichards is only eighteen year-; of age, and Miss Gowan seventeen years; and they have never received any instruction at any time beyond that given in the State school. The employes at Mr Crawford's drapery establishment met on Saturday evening, after the close of business, and presented to Miss Miller, who is leaving to enter into the bonds of matrimony with a former employ^ of the establishment, with a handsome silver cruetstand and an address. All wished her much happiness in her new sphere of duty. The committee appointed by the Mount Pleasant Tent, No. SS, LO. R., to assist Br Thomas Hicks have had much pleasure in handing him the sum of £27 17s, as the result of their efforts. The entertainment realised £18, and the balance of nearly £10, amount of donations collected by Mr Albert Greenwood and others, makes up the above totaL The raising of this sum is the more gratifying as it was thought the total proceeds would not amount to more that £15 to £1S. The Rev. M. S. A. Looney preached on Sunday morning, in {he Alfred Hall, from Cor. ii., 13, 14 ; subject, " Triune Jehovah." And in the evening he preached from Cor. i., 3," 13; subject, "BottomlessPurgatory." Mr J. Whitehead read the church lessons, and acted as precentor at the evening service. At three p.m. the Bible class and Sunday school assembled in very encouraging numbers, under tbe supervision of Mr C. Stoneman. In tiie distribution of the annnal building grant for public libraries, the Smythesdale library is to receivc £50; the Scarsdale library, £30; and the Carngkam library, £30. Messrs Toy Brothers, of Minersrest, desire to express their thanks to tbe Australian Alliance Fire Insurance Company, for the payment in full of tbe insurance on two stacks of hay which were destroyed by fire. The amount of the insurance was £300. The fortnightly swimming matches held under the auspices of the Ballarat Swimming Club were continued on Saturday last, when the two events for boys under thirteen years of age, and under sixteen years, were contested. Both events were won by J. Towl, a little swimmer who showed unusual dexterity for one so young. W. Dawson took second place in the first event, and A. Dawson second in the second. The match arranged between J. Main and W. Thnrling also came off, and it proved a very exciting and a dose contest. The distance was six times the length of the baths; the swimmers, as in the match race a few days ago, and of which this trial was the consequence, starting 12 yards from scratch. During the first part of the race Thurling got a good lead, which he sustained until about 70 yards from home, when Main spurted, and swimming very well, rapidly reduced the distance between him and his opponent. In the last length (of the baths) the swimming of both men was unusually good, Main swimming the strouger, and the excitement was very great as he drew upon Thurling. To the excited spectators it seemed as if the match must result in a dead heat, but Tburling's lead proved too good, and he won very cleverly by about 18 inches. During the past week 135 in-door and 541 oi:' door patients were treated at the Ballarat Hospital. Boating men of B'Jlarat will no doubt read the following with interest. The B&tdtgo; [iiiJepcndrtit writes:—" Mr Alfred Gibbs, who for the last five years was engaged in the Sandhurst branch of the Bank of Vicin*ia, left on Friday to take a higher position iii the Ballarat branch. Being tbe sou of one of the oldest surviving Bendigonians, he was well known in the district, and ss one of the .prominent members of the Sandhurst Bowing Club, his loss will be felt by that association." Of the 982 persons relieved st the Ballarat Benevolent last week, 337 were children. The attendance at the Exhibition on Friday was as follows :—By single tickets, 21 !ts; season-ticket holders, 70; miscellaneous, 2041 (including 6SS-SCJOO1 children). Total, 4249. Wc understand that arrangements have bpen made for the delivery of the second of the course of lectures in connection with St. John's Church, Soldiers' Hill on the 22nd instant by the Rev. W. A. QuiAk, on ""Die dark continent, and its bright spots; -with personal recollections of Africa " In addition io the lectures already announced., the Rev. J. II. L. Zillman, Rev. Canon Goodman, and Rev. C. T. Perks, have promised assistance. . Although the members of the Opposition have made no show with regard to the Reform Bill as yet, they have determined (says the Herald), unless certain alterations are made in committee, to rally their forces on the third reading, and to divide. The leaders of the Opposition arc sanguine of the result being adverse to the absolute carrying of the bill. Another instance (says the Age) of the danger people incur who persistently attempt to leave railway carriages whilst they are m motion, despite the cautions enjoined, was demonstrated on Thursday evening at the f a Flinders street station. An elderly woman,, a passenger by the 9.10-train from Brighton, jumped out whilst the train was proceeding at a good rate tip the platform, the oonsequenee bring that she fell heavily ion the Hags, and could not rise-without -Uieasastaace nf a-person who witnessed what had " * and who. helped-her to a seat, - . . remained for soiae tim "" rentiy spring great pain, but on ^?? 1 " terrogatedas to whether she wasW^ ,®' m the negative. If the taS " ' * female as weU as male, stiu ""l ^.^P^tice, thcy^ S S S T deprived rfthe great bioa of unS?^ ** or a few of the delinquents musttetL ,°° B ' example of. at A . . a PR** of the excitement now Dre.,, •n mining the EagUhmck A^ferS?" every available acre on or near tiT,?* mam lines of reef running thC JT* borough has been taken up. ^"S 11 5 The following notification appears in IV;, nights Gazette*—" The GoveCT S ? " advice of the Executive Council, S & pleased to direct that that po^ou of^ btore and Transport BegrUtion Sf which authorises the allowance of one fj? eighth of a pound of sper.a candlesTr to police officers and men be canwikd i that such supply of candles be disco, from 30th June proximo." aaco a tauic(| Ail important ruling (says the ^ given by the New South Wales FnU r** 8 on Friday. It was decided tbSi a prosecution for bigamy the defence i7 ^ up that the prisoner had not kiio«-n„f? 1 existence of his wife for seven yoarc V,'f the performance of the second so^S marriage, the onus did not lie on the m™ of proving that he did not know of The Custom House officers on thelmM are evidently very active fellows. The j writes: —'•Proceedings instituted tv t£ Customs department against a lierm named Eugene Ungerer, came before*?" city bench on Friday, the ' - over the border at Wodonga. The fvS. failed to substantiate the case to the satisfi? tion of tie bench. The evidence fort£ defence showed that Ungerer had onenW stated what the box contained, and hisS to send the jewellery down to Melbourne £ bond. Mr Sehonbetger, the Austrian ^J* tive commissioner to the Exhibition, wbo st» a passenger at the same tauie, gave a TOBW description of the ferret- like eagemes dk played by the Customs officers in theiraeadi for contraband. One of them, named Mffil licuddy, having made the seizure of ifc jewellery in question, had all his faedtjo sharpened by his success, and pounced on Mr Schonberger as another victim. Re overhauled his boxes, and, seeing a w piciQusdooking case neatly packed awavi, one corner, seized it, exclaiming!delightedk 'Ah, here is the jewellery.' Tjc opened it and found, to his disappointment, that it contained merely shaving apparatus. Du appointed in jewellery, he descended to boot and desired to mulct Mr Schonberger imxcount of a pair of boots which he asserted to be new, and therefore dutiable. Apwj disappointed, he unwillingly relinquishedhit prey." An experience, amusing enough to all but those concerned, was that (says the C/me, Guardian) of Mr F. L. Smyth and a Wrf friend of bis,'on Wednesday last The gentlemgn in question had been engaged in an interpleader case iu the police court here b the morning, and left this town by tie quarter past one train for Melbourne. Ot arriving at Ballarat they left their carriage for the purpose of changing trains, and having presumably indulged in the custonmy refreshers," entered, as they thought, the train for the metropolis, the guard "nicking" their tickets without looking to sec the destination thereon indicated. Away sped the train, and the legal gentlemen liciag doubtless too absorbed in professional contemplation to notice the country passed through, failed to observe that tbey wen going from Melbourne instead of tow ards it. The mistake was only discovered oa rereaching Clunes, when tlie announcement by one of the local porters of the name of tic station, aroused the bewildered travellera fc the faclj that they had been "taken to the • place from whence they camc." The not train took them back to their proper destination. Now (says the Herald) that the iron plates necessary for the complstion of the repairs to the Sorata have arrived, Uie cootractor for the work of repairing the visad, Mr Johnson, lias determined to work night and day, and for this purpose has put exln re'ays of men on at the dock. Tbe penni*- H'O'i of -he Commissioner of Customs and tlie Commissioner of Railways having been obtained, the apparatus for working tlie e'ectric light will be brought into use on Monday night next, aiid the whole of thf graving dock, where the vessel is lying, will be lit up by this means, to enable the men to go on with the work. The eti'ect in hoe weather will be very pleasing, and will no doubi; attract a considerable number of visitors to the dock. A fatal accident (says the local £>/irr»i occufted in Bacchus Marsh on Monday even ing last to an elderly man named John M'Dowel!, residing with his half-sister (Mis John Clark) on the banks of the liver Werribee, near the site of the old Woolsack bridge. The deceased went to the creek for two buckets of water, and found at the fordirig-place a honse and dray with a load of firewood, which a boy named Heath irai taking to the township. The horse could sot draw the load up tbe bank, aud deceased went to the near wheel, while a man named David Tyler went to the off wheel to assist the horse. While doing so the deceased fell on some stones placed on the side of the approach to the ford, and tlie wheel either vent -over his chest or crushed it. He was heard to say, " I'm done for," and he managed to walk across the creek, where he sat dovn. Tyler and the boy carried hiin into the house, where he lingered in great pain until the following evening, when he died. Dr fioche was called in, but the injuries to the loses and stoiSach were so great that nothing conld be done to save the unfortunate mail's life. He was only on a visit to Mrs Clark, and about to leave. He had travelled overland to Sydney seven times. The truth or otherwise of a great puhli: scandal, which reached the ears of everyone in the district except the members of the board of advice, will be inquired into (says the Avoca Free Press) at tlie police court on Monday, when Mr Dempster, State s.-!iool teacher at the Avoca Lead, will be called npon to show cause why he " leaves without adequate means of support his illegitimate female child, bom to him of tbe body of one Lavinia Milgate." Mr Matthew's nill appear for the complainant, aud it is nrniored that Mr Cuthbert, of Ballarat, has been retained for the defence. A startling discovery (says the Hamilton Spectator) iu connection with the hitherto unaccountable spread oroutbreak of fireson properties at various placcs at almost the same time, was made on Saturday at 1'eDBhurst, on the occasion of the furious bushfire caging there on that day. Vl'hiieMr Hutton and an army of heaters were at extinguishing the fire on the bomnlav ot their properties, they were amazed on observing a large hare dash out from tbe middle of a burning patch across the thicc-cbaa road, which had so far kept the fire inchcA and with her coat all aflame, enter (he thus grass in the opposite paddock, which, iu 1«® .time than it takes to record the inuidcut, bnrning furiously. The idea which formerly existed, that the fur on the living sJ^i*"^ would not carry flame, i9 now dispelled, and a grave cause for alarm must uaturally uc created amongst landed proprietors. Mr Palmeston, the discoverer of the bed of the Daintreeand l'ort Donglass, isn (savs the Sydney Daily Telegraph) in Sydney. Unfortunately, the eminent explorer » Buffering from a serious affection of the eyffl. caused by inadvertently touching tlic-i^iw handling the print of a hostile abon^nal 1 spear, which had been immersed in animal poison. It is the intention of w Palmeston to bring the tnorc recent of many important discoveries to the notice « the geographical section of the Royal SocW as soon as -he has recovered his sight. l aliueston describes the mountains in Dai ntree district as being eo high H™ 1^ tops of nu-ny of them are rarely f ^ most of them present this remarkable feanw that they appeal to be cove.«d with=> alluvium of great depth. Mr rite®" also found some renarkable plants iKtjien undescribed, and some valuable mineral " posits. New Zealand municipalities do not to be in such favor with capitalists as simu bodies in Victoria, as wfll be seen from ^ following from the Otago Daily , "The £§000 7 per cent, loan of the of St. Hilda, New Zealand, has been ully floated hy Menus O. T. Clarke and t a premium of 1b. The deboitarra'^ subscribed % in Melbourne through ^ firm's agency." Tlie MauritiM correapondent of ^ Australian Attertimr states that Bf, tion of cremation in «joatmg •MMO™^ that idand, but for rather a sragol»* It appears that the cemctenes are ye»* taking "up land to in extent sufficiently f roe toin^ke it desirable to economise, if lble, " this mipro&tablc; use of the limited P os face" The Ppocureut -General has refavorably on the subject of cremation, Eththe proviso that in cases of sadden or riolent death certificates from a medical man "d magistrate should be required. The rabiect has been finally, by the advice of the £e*slative Council, referred to the Secretary ofState. The Svdr.n/ Daily Telegraph IB informed that Mr W- B. M"Clure, who. is the sole Lnresentative in Australia of the American Acnhalte Pavement Company, is about to flSt a company, with a capital of £20,000, to «itiblisb asphalte worts in Sydney for the •ntnufacturc of blocks. Asphalte blocks axe gpl for a variety of purposes besides roadmaking- They are polished and formed into •ornaments of "different descriptions, osed for -arden walks, flooring, yard tales, oeUars, &c.; From this source alone it is expected that sufficient orders will be obtained to keep the works going; but a proposal has been made to the mayor of Sydney to form the whole Streets of the city of asphalte, substantially bedded, and to clean and keep them in repair for 6eceu y«ure w ithout any addition to the cost of maintaining 1iie streets nader the present ineffective system. The Paris correspondent of the Argus ^t^s;—" As soon as the Empress Eegenie shall have definitely settled down in her new residence at Faroborough Hill, it is ker intention to publish a volume she herself has •written during her residence at ChUelfaurat, to be entitled " History of the life and death of the Prinoe Imperial,'' compiled from hitherto unpublished documents. After this history, the Empress purposes to give to the veorM another w.ork concerning unexpected revelations concerning certain political men of the present day who are not as yet sufficiently known. An ex-Minister of the Empire, in possession of his Sovereign's confidence, supposed to be none other than M. Routier himself, has assisted the Empress in the putting together of the notes that Napoleon III- was wont to write cvety day during the course of his reign, and which, in 1870, formed several voluminous parcels that have been preserved." A paper-manufacturing firm (says the flesald) purposes converting 20,000 acres of timber land in Somerset Comity Pennsylvania, into paper. A large gang of workmen has been sent to the tract to begin improvements. There will be erected a shanty 30 feet in length, 12 feet in width, and 8 feet high. The shanty once completed, work will be begun on a large store btulding, thirty dwelling-houses, and ail enormous digester, for the cooking and steaming of wood in the manufacture of pulp, and a huge building to he used in the manufacture of paper sacks and wrapping paper. All these preparations are preliminary to reducing 20,000 acres of forest to news, book, and fine writing papers. - 4 A sale of Crown lands in fee simple will be held at Smythesdale on the 28th of next month. The Mastodon Minstrels, consisting of forty instrumentalists, singers, and dancers, will open at the Mechanics' Institute, Sturt street, next Wednesday evening. This troupe is under the direction of Mr N. La Feuillade, and will bring with it a very good reputation to Ballarat. A tea and concert is advertised to be held in Mr Mitchell's hall, Windermere, on Tuesday next. As a talented company of singers will appear, and the proceeds arc in aid of the building fund of the local Presbyterian Church, a good attendance is expected. The admission to the tea and concert is 2s. A meeting of the Boot Trade Early Closing Association will be held at the Buck's Head hotel, this evening at eight o'clock. The members of the City and Town Drum and Fife Baud, in uniform, are requested to meet at the baud-room, this evening at seven o'clock, to play at the Academy of Music. A purple degree meeting of the L.O.L. is convened for this evening at the Oddfellows' Hall, Albert street. 