THE BEXDIGO ADVERTISER (PCELISHED DAILY.) PKOjT.i»IO.V. CUB FJGHTS, A>'D OCR fitSOCECES. SANDHURST. FRIDAY, J AX. -'5. 1SS1. THE GREAT SOUTHERN EN" QUEST. I>- commencing his address to the jury, after the evidence in the case of the Great Southern accident had been taken at the late inquest, the Coroner, 3Ir Strickland, said, " this was the first time he had allowed a company to call witnesses that were not required by the Grown. He could not actually say the whole of the evidence called should be on the part of the Crown. They were there to elicit the truth, although the inquiry had been conducted more like a police court case than a coroner's inquest." There can be no doubt these remarks were fully called for. The object of inquiry into the circumstances of a fatal accident is to determine the cause of the death of the person or persons killed; but the issue involves considerable interests. A company may be rendered liable to a heavy penalty, and the liberty of one or more of their servants may be endangered, subjecting them to an amount of distress and degradation, which may sometimes be far too severe a punishment. By unwittingly putting his hand to the left when he should have put it to the right, or through having Ms attention called from his work, though only for a second or two, an engine-driver may have the bitter misfortune of causing a terrible accident, destructive to both life and pro oerty. This shows, it is true, that close and unremitting attention is required on the part of persons in charge of mining machinery. But the most cautious and vigilant are liable to mistakes and oversights. A man who would not needlessly kill a fly, may by some unlucky momentary turn, incur a deep and lire-long sorrow, by un wittingly casting one cr more of his fellow creatures suddenly into the jaw3 of death. If this be proved, he is placed in danger of being put upon his trial for manslaughter. Companies, therefore, on their own behalf and on behalf of their servants, naturally watch the proceedings ef inquests in which. they are concerned with deep interest, whilst juries gladly seize upon doubtful points, which may be turned to the benefit of the parties imperilled by the law. Men who, if compelled to try their own brothers, would not hesitate to convict them if the evidence proved them to have been guilty of cold blooded and wilful murder, recoil from recording verdicts against worthy and well meaning felloT citizens, even though they may personally be strangers, if the merest loophole is offered for their escape from com = Inner, t.hp.rfifore. consequence of a verdict adverse to an oflicer | of a company, the Jitieuhy of ascertaining | through a coroner's jury the actual cause j of a fatal accident will continue to be | exi''oriet\ce*.i. Kor the protection of the j miners, the Legislature has -wisely deemed it necessary to affix heavy penalties to any urovod acts of commission or omission on the part of companies and their servants by which death or severe injury has been caused. None can be more ready than ourselves to acknowledge the necessity for stringent legal provisions in this respect. We have had very closely to consider the matter from the initiation of a Mining Accidents Bill in our Parliament, and have helped, to the best of our knowledge and ability, in the discussions on that important statute. We claim great credit for its original framer. Mr. Mackay, who devoted a lengthened, laborious, and earnest atten tion to its construction, and who left this, his own journal, entirely free to criticise his efforts. As many people find it difficult to believe that the proprietor of a newspaper can refrain from influencing or inspiring its conductors in matters in which he is person ally interested, we may here mention that Mr. Mackay withdrew the first bill intro duced by liiin in consequence of the ad verse review of it made in our leading columns. We hare been led into this di gression simply to show with how much care, and with what a deep desire to render it effective, the present Act for the Regu lation of Klines was framed. It received, too, a most attentive and intelligent, conside ration at the hands of the Legislature. Its provisions generally, we contend, are such as should be rigidly enforced. But looking at the futile results, not only of the late in quiry, but of several of importance preced ing it, one cannot help entertaining doubts as to whether they are not to a great ex tent rendered nugatory by the heavy penalties to which those by whom they may be involuntarily and quite accidentally in fringed are amenable, and which do not ap pear in the Act. Where absolute negligence is shown, or where the law has been disregarded and dis obeyed, and a serious or fatal accident has resulted, the offence is deserving of severe punishment. W e may as well strike the Act for the Prevention of Mining Accidents out of the statute-book altogether, if its pro visions are not efficiently carried out and en forced. Most unquestionably, companies should be compelled to compensate any who may be injured, or the relatives of any who may be killed in their mines, through neglect to furnish them with sufficient protection. We are bound, here, to say some companies are censurably parsimonious in this most im portant respect, and if, for the sake of a few pounds, they will persist in laying themselves open to the intliction of severe pecuniary penalties, they fully deserve the legal conse quences, aud ought to be made to bear them. It maybe questionable ho w far ihe Great Southern Company may be responsible for the death of the brothers Olapperton. Their cage was supplied with safety appliances, but a safety hook, by means of which an accident would be prevented on a cage reaching the poppet heads, had not been provided. Hooks were ordered from Messrs. Harkness and Co., which were supplied by that firm on the .20th November, but were returned for alterations to suit the shackles, and the set of new hooks were delivered the day after the accident. It is ex tremely to be regretted that they were not delivered and placed in their proper positions before that event. We think the company is decidedly to blame for not having hurried Messrs. Harkness and Company 011 with the work. Twelve of the very intelligent : gentlemen composing the jury were morally convinced that the cage, with the deceased i men in it, did go up to the poppet-heads, and have declared as much in their verdict. Two others, for their own reasons, declined to subscribe to that view. However, if the twelve were right, the acci 'dent would have been prevented and the men's lives saved if there had been a safety hook in the place in which it ought to have been. But as the jury have not absolutely determined that the cage did go up as des cribed, we have to give the company the benefit of the doubt. Yet as cages may be accidentally run up, causing such shocking catastrophes as that in the Great Southern, we hope the Mining Department will, by every means in its power, enforce the general use of safety hooks. We have not yet done with this particular matter, aud there are some others to which we find it highly neces sary to direct attention with the view of the prevention of very serious mining disasters. CABLEGF.AMS.-A stonc-wali was raised by the Home Rule members in the House of Commons against the motion proposed by Mr. G.adstoue, that -Mr, Forsters bili, providing for the adop tion of coercive measures to maintain oraer in Ireland, should take precedence of all other business, but the motion was carried by a large m.ijorhy after £ continuous debate, which ex tended over twenty-two hoars. The report I that Mr. Gladstone, owing to the weajt state of his health, had resolved upon accepting a seat in the House of Lords, has been contradicted by Mr. Gladstone himself. The strike of miners in Lancashire is daily becoming more serious, and the large number who at first struck work has been considerably augmented. A very excited state of feeling prevails and riots are of frequent occurrence. Additional reinforcements of troops are to be sent to the locality without delay to assist in maintaining order. The ]?enian movement ap* j pears to be occasioning a deal of anxiety in Eug 1 land, and in consequence of rumoured designs j bv members of that'body on various armouries, I precautionary measures are being taken in the way of strengthening the guards, With regard to the war in Central Asia between the Enssians and Turcomans, it is stated that the former have [ captured Geok-tepe, en important Turcoman stronghold, after a desperate fight, iu tybich both sides lost heavily. i KILLED BY LIGHTSIKG.-During the thunder storm which broke over Melbourne yesterday about I.SO p.m., a man employed by one of toe metropolitan gas works, who was standing in proximity to some cast iron pipes near the North Melbourne railway station was struck down by lightning. The occurrence was perceived by a porter engaged at the station, who immediately ran to -where the man had been stricken down. Upon his reach in" the spot it was found that the unfor tunate fellow was quite dead. The electric fluid appeared to have first struck him in the groin, and then travelled down one of his legs, as his trousers were torn to pieces and the boot on one foot completely torn off. DESTECCTIVE BCSH-FIKE AT HAF.COCKT. About hali-past two o'clock yesterday after noon a bush-fire which, wo learn, has since re sulted in much damage to property, broke out in the vicinity of the Harcourt township, about 20 miles from Sandhurst, and five from Castle maine. The flames were plainly discernible to passengers travelling by the various trams dnring yesterday afternoon and last night. _ The fire broke out oh the ilount Alexander side of the railway line, and it is reported that miles of fencing and standing crops, as well as some ! which had been harvested, have been consumed. We have not been able to ascertain the amount of damage done, but passengers by the !ats train last ni'ht state that the fire is still burning, havin" reached uo to the aide of ihe mount. iHLL COMMUNICATION. - We learn that Messrs. Williamson and J. W. Taverner, ot Kerang, waited upon tbo Postmaster-General yesterday, in Melbourne, for the purpose of re questing mail communication between Rattray s and~Budgerum. Mr. Langridge promised com pliance Vith the request, and said tenders; would be called for the service as soon as possible. THE NEW CHUM ACCIDENT.-There is nothing fresh to report in connection with the acoident which occurred at the New Chum Consolidated mine last week. The condition ot the men who were injured has slightly improved, the change which occurred in the weather last evening bavin" exercised a beneficial effect on them. THREATENING LIFE.-A man named Charles Jackson was charged at the Police Court yes terday with having threatened to take the lite of hi" wKe, Annie Jackson, on' fcha 23ra inst. The prosecutrix stated that her husband had, on the day in question, come home, and, without anv provocation on her part, nad struck her, saving he would take her life. According to tire prisoner, his wife is ill- tempered. Healao denied having struck her, and stated that she had brought the present action in consequence of hia I having declined to leave her. The bench bound Jackson over to keep the peace for three months v. ! A XICK AKKANoy.Mt'.N v.-\\\ o haw s.ometimes | to go from homo to learn news. The -?! of i yesteruav contained tho tVlkuving,paragraph : | "A Sandhurst correspondent, whoso iiitorma I tion can be relied upon, informs us that j the Beudigo Reform League has passed the J following "extraordinary resolution :-' That iu the ouinion of the liberals of this con stituency." the local patronage and gifts iu the power of the present Government should -all things being equal-be given through our j representative, Mr. Quick, and to him alone, he being the only representative of the Liberal party here.' Copies of this resolution are, it is understood, to he forwarded to the several members of the Government.'' If the above statement be true, and wo may mention that the inquiries we have made from leading mem bers of tiie league have failed to elicit a denial of it, the pro .ceding is highly ceusurable, and not a little ridiculous, particularly at tile present : time, when Ministers, or some of them at least, professsuch anxiety to be relieved altogether of the disasreeabk duty of making appointments. THE "HOSPITAL ANNUAL MEKTINI;.-There was a lars;e attendance at the annual meeting of subscribers to the Beudigo llospitai held yes terday at the Town Hall. Mr. G. F. Hunter, the chairman of committee, occupied the chair. The matter of the reduced endowment evoked a short discussion, during which Mr. Howard made some forcible remarks upon the apathy shown by miners aud mining companies generally, iu contributing to the funds of the institution. He pointed out that unless the . revenue of the institution was added to by some mean?, the committee would be forced to reduce the number of beds by -5. Messrs Burrowes and Quick, Ms.L.A., who were present, held out some hope of the subsidy being eventually increased to the former amount, when the matter came before the House, aud thecommitteeseemed to view the statements of ths lion, members iu a cheering light as uo action was taken beyond the adoption of the report. Iu consequence of Mr. A. Joseph having withdrawn his otter res pecting a series of sweeps out of which the fuuds of the institution were to receive a pecu niary benefit, the subject did not crop up. Tiie following committee was elected for the ensuing year:-The mayors of Sandhurst ami Eagle hawk aud Mr. Howard (treasurer), Messrs. Abbott, A. Joseph, Hunter, Thunder, Jackson, Stewart, Sterrv, Bayne, Woodward, and Taylor. The retiring auditors were re elected. A PASSAGE AT ARMS. - When the hospital committee meeting was drawing to a close yesterday- afternoon, a very warm passage at arms, took place between Mr. Stewart and Mr. Howard, The latter had in sisted upon being present with the scrutineers, Messrs. White aud Neeson, during the time tho result of the ballot for the committee was being arrived at, aud after the scrutineers had per formed their duties, which by the way occupied over half au hour, Mr. White reported Mr. Howard's actiou in the matter to the meeting, Mr. Howard somewhat excitedly responded that he, being the only member of committee by vir tue of his office of treasurer, during the period elapsiug between the resignation of the old com mittee, aud the appointment of the new, had a perfect right to be present. He said if he did uot see who was voting, they might get a lot of votes from persons who were uot subscribers. Mr. Stewart said " decidedly and emphatically" that Mr. Howard had no more right to be preseut than he himself had, aud lis characterised his conduct as "a piece of presumption." Mr. Howard: Don't make yourself ridiculous. Mr. Stewart, (leaning excitedly over towards Mr. Howard) : Hold your tongue, sir. Don't you address me again. Mr. Howard : Address yourself to the chair. The Chairman: Order, gentlemen, order. Mr. Stowart: Mr. Howard lias demanded what he has uo right to demand. He has no right to arrogate this power. No notice was taken of it last year, but it will not pass this year. Mr. Howard: I will do it every year. Mr. Thunder, as a subscriber to the hospital, also protested against Mr. Howard being present on a similar occasion again. If, he remarked, the scrutineers had required Mr. Howard's opinion, they could have sent for him. Mr. Xeesou said Mr. Howard stated he was present iu accordance with the Act. Mr. Stewart urged there was nothing iu the Act to justify. Mr. Howard's action. The chairman held that the ouly person wiio had a right to be present was tiie collector, and the matter then dropped. THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION EXCURSIONS. -Ou the Sth and 9:h February, the cheap ex cursions to the Melbourne Exhibition from this city will take place. Only secoud-class excur sion trains will run, and the fares have been lixedat very low rates indeed, viz., return adult tickets 6s 6d, return tickets, children under 12 years, 3s 3d. The tickets will be available, for return by any ordinary train, till the night of the 14th aud loth February, respectively. On the 9th February, a similar excursion train will run from luglewood and intermediate stations t;o Melbourne, at fares iu the same proportion ac cording to distance. Arrangements can be made by schoolmasters with the local station-masters. THE WEATHER.-The oppressive weather which was experienced ou Wednesday evening continued yesterday until between eleveu and twelve o'clock, when the wind, which had pre viously been blowing from the north-west toler ably hard, increased in severity, aud it was ap parent there would be a change. The streets for a considerable time were enveloped in clouds of dust. At about half-past twelve there were several loud claps of thunder, aud amid clouds of dust, and the driving wiud, rain commenced to fall, so heavily that iu a few minutes the gutters were running freely. At Eaglehawk, and in parts of the city, hail almost as big as marbles fell. The shower was a very heavy oue, but only lasted a few minutes. The air was very close afterwards, and a continuous shower would have been most welcome. The sky remained cloudy dHriug the afternoon, but though much hoped for no further fall of rain took place. The wiud in the afternoon shifted round to the south, aud in the evening a very cool stroug breeze rendered the night most pleasant aud agreeable. Oar Melbourne correspondent, writing yester day, says:-We had a tremendous thunder-storm here soon after ono o'clock. The wind had been north ail the morning, but it changed to the southward about the time mentioned, and from the sky, which had become leaden, came vivid flashes of lightning, accompanied by very loud thunder-claps. Ouce or twice, indeed, the deafening crash of the thunder appeared to come simultaneously with tha lightniug, and people, both indoors and out, were not at all sorry when the peals became fainter. At about a quarter-past one the rain came down, and for ten minutes it fell in sheets with z little hail. Of. course, Eiizabeth-street was very soon tlooded, and Melbourne divided into two parts, as far as foot passengers, who did not care about wading through the turbid swift-running stream, were concerned. It soon cleared up, j but, singular to say, after the change of wind and the severe electrical disturbance, the at mosphere was nearly as warm as before. ANOTHER STATE FOREST REDUCED.-The pre sent Minister of Lands appears to have peculiar j ideas regarding the value of our state forests, aud the necessity that exists for conserving the supply of timber. The Davlesford correspondent of the Argils says ;-The proposal of the Minister of Lands to throw open 2,700 acres iu j the Wcmbst and Glenlvou state forest for selec- i tion under Part 2, Seotiou 19 of the Laud Act 1S69, has caused much dissatisfaction amongst the mining community in this district, It is alleged that the greater portion of -the land re ferred to is unntted for agriculture, and is covered with timber useful for mining and other purposes, aud would only be taken up by specu lators for the sake of the timber, who would charge miuers and splittera au excessive price. A petition setting forth the necessity of conserving every acre of forest laud, and praying Mr. Richardson to reconsider his decision, is being numerously signed, and will be presented in a day or two. THE GEELOXG RACES.-"Sterling," in last night's Herald, gives the following tips for the various events to be run at Geeloug to-day, when the local race meeting will be opened : Trial Stakes-Chatterer 1, Free Citizen 2, Semi ramide 3. Handicap Hurdle Race-Cumberland 1, King of Trump3 2, Pemberley or Alma 3. i Geelong Gold Cup-Progress 1, Soothsayer 2, j Richmond 3. Geeloug Sires' Produce Stakes Wilson's Best 1, Coriolauus 2, Gladys 3. Con newarre Plate-A. T. 1, Harp of Erin 2, Bruno or Supple Jack 3. Grand Stand Stake3-Cam hallo 1, Wiid Ro;e 2, Chatterer, or Earl of Mar, 3. THE SPURIOUS GOLD CASE.-Ah Jim, the Chinamanj -who was remanded last week on the charge of having fraudulently offered for sale mixed metal as unmanufactured gold to Mr. Chas. Edwards, of Williamson-street, on the I9th in stant, was brought before the Police Court yes terday. The specimens had beon sent to the Government analytical chemist, Mr. Johnston, and that gentleman's evidence was taken yes terday. He deposed that the parcel which the prisoner had endeavored to sell Mr. Edwards was foand to contain on being analysed a mix ture of tin and lead and fine gold, The nine other parcels sent him were pure gold, The evidence of Charles Edwards, jun., having been heard, Mr.- Motteram stated that there bad been no disputing of the fact that the metal was Bpurious, bat the defence was that the prisoner was not aware of its not being genuine. A Chinaman was called to testify to the good character of the prisoner, but the bsuch concidered the offeuce proved, cjid sentenced the prisoner to six months' imprisonment. GEOLOGY AND MINING.-Students and the Dnbiic are reminded that the free coarse of lectures on the above subject, by Mr. William Kicholas, F.G.S., will be opened this evening at the'School of Mines, at eight o'clock. MINING BOARD EUXTION. -Mr. Jonathan Neal, of; Long Gully, announces hfnjself as a candidate for one of the vacancies in'the Mining Board. Mr. Keal has been a resident of the grnrrvv. , 'vjprrrTv:»'iVrw we TlIK INTKIU'OI.ONIAL COSVRRKSCK. - I'lio la- I torooloni.il Conference concluded its business vesterd:iV, ami adjourned tint' Uf. -I be ^ ictoi i.ui I rouresentatives, Messrs. Berry and \ ale, were to'have left Sydney last uight, ami will, it tins arrangement was carried out, arrive in Melbourne during to-«iglit. COLLISION AT TlIK SANDRUKST RAILWAY STATION.-Yesterday morning a collision oc curred at- the Sandhurst railway station, which resulted in some little damage being done to tne roiling stock. One ot the engines whicn had received coal and water at the coal stage was running along the lino connected with that lead ing to" the engine sheds, and also, joining the I main line. Some carriages which were, being J shunted about the yard were left standing oil the line immediately joining and overlapping that, on which the engine which was leaving the coal stage was travelling on. The engine in its course ran against the side of the carnages, the result being that the foot-boards and axle boxes of some of them were smashed. The driver has been suspended pending inquiry ;iuto the acci dent. WATER Srrpi.Y AT ETSOM.-For several days past the roadway at Epsom has presented a rather livelier appearance than usual, in conse quence of the operations being carried on to ^ lay on water services from the mains to the various houses oil the road-side. The roadway has heen I scored iu all directions, so as to allow of the necessary pipe-laying, and the people there ex- ?? press great delight at now having an adequate I supply of lirst-ctass water brought to their very ' doors, a want long felt by them. CITY POLICE COURT. - Messrs. Samuel and Carolin, .Ts.P., presided at the City Police Court J yesterday. Two persona for being drunk and disorderly, were titled 5s each. Samuel Horiisby, remanded from last week, oil a charge of having novisiblelawful means of support, was remanded for another week. A. Jim was charged, on re mand. with having fraudulently offered for sale mixed metal, as unmanufactured gold, to C. Edwards, of Williamson-street, on the 19th inst. After the evidence of C. Edward?, junior, Mr. Johnston, theOovernment analyst, ami oneortwo others had been taken, Mr. Motteram, who ap ' peared for the defence, said tile prisoner did not know of the spurious quality of the gold, the bench sentenced him to six months' imprison ment with hard labor. James Morrison was 1 charged by Frederick Nixou with having u«ed insulting words. The bench did not believe the statement of Nixon, and dismissed the case. A I case, Morrison against Nixon, fraud summons, withdrawn. Iu two debt cases there was no appearance, and iu Peter Watkiu v William Tar. work and labor, £3 3s 41, an order was j given for the amount and 13s costs. A CASE OF DESTITUTION.-On Tuesday last a rather sad case of destitution was brought under the notice of the police. It was that of an old woman named Mary Ann Carpenter, who resided alone in a little hut situated at Back Creek. Latterly she had been very ill, and being thoroughly destitute, two neighbors, Mrs. Retallick and Mrs. Lacey, very kindly looked after her, and rendered her whatever assistance they could. She was well enough a few days ago to come into town and see Dr. Cruikshank, who prescribed for her. Subsequently however, she became much worse and the police were communicated with. Constable Walsh procured a cab on Tuesday last and had her removed to the Bendigo Hospital, where she received every atteution. She was, when admitted, in a very low condition, and rapidly sank and died twenty four hours afterwards. Mr Strickland held an inquest on the body yesterday, and a verdict was returned in accordance with the medical evi dence, that death resulted from chronic dysen tery. FIRE AT GOORNONG,-Our Gooruoug corres pondent says :-The report that a tire had occurred in this district, which destroyed a house owned by Mr. Harrison, of Nolan, is, fortunately, so far as the house is concerncd, iucorrect. It, however, had the nearest escape from destruction that it is possible to couceive, the tire having iu places passed through the fenco into the gardeu, but in each instance was successfully beaten back. It burned every vestige of grass arouud two sides of the house, destroying a large amount of grass and feucing belonging to Messrs. Nicholas,'Harrison and Minogue. The tire is supposed to have started by au old mau well known in this dis trict, who was fishing, ami was observed light ing a tire earlier iu the day, where it started from. The locai guardian of the peace is busily engaged investigating the matter, with the ob [ ject of insuring some kind of protection to those who have large values iu properties lying along both sides ot the river unfortunately exposed to the merciless carelessness of tramps and others who knock about this district. ! FOUND DEAD ON A ROAD. - It was reported Wednesday evening to Moutned-coustable Feeley, stationed at Axedale, that the body of a man named Peter Gleeson was found that morn- ing on the road leading from Native Creek into the M'Ivor road, and in the neighborhood of Axedale. The constable at once proceeded to the spot, and on examination found that there was a severe cut across the head to the back of the ear. He reported the matter to the coroner (Mr. Strickland) yesterday, who will hold an inquest on the body to-day. No suspicions of foal play are entertained, it being supposed that deceased fell out of his dray as he was pro- ceeding homewards. Gleeson was a farmer, and resided at Native Creek. Y ANTED AU OWNER.-The police want an owner for a watch which was found yesterday on the M'lvor Road. Application may be made at the City watch-house. PRESENTATION OF LONG-SERVICE MEDALS. The distribution of medals awarded to members of the Victorian Volnuteer force for long aud effective service, took place in the Melbourne Town Hall on Wednesday evening. The medals were presented by Colonel Anderson. Amongst the officers on the staff and unattached who re ceived medals was Major G. P. Jo?eph, of the Bendigo Kiiles. The following also appeared iu the list:-Sandhurst Troop V.Y.L.H.--Major Moorhead, Captain Sibley, Sergeant Purves. Bendigo Rifle Corps.-Major W.G-. Blackham, : Captain J. Anderson, Captain R.' G.' Metcalf, ! Lieutenant J. Cahill, Sergeant-Major (j. ilartic, Senior- sergeant F. F. Snow, Sergeant J. Fly! Sergeant M. W. Bent, Sergeant M. Colgan,' Corporal C. Taylor, Privates W. -Moran, W. C. Grimley. THE UNIVERSITY OF MELBOURNE.-The ma triculation and ordinary examinations will com mence on Monday, February 23. The last day of entry for these examinations is Friday Jauuary 2S. ' DEATH IN THE BE.VDISO BENKVOLENT ASYLUM. 1 -The superintendent of the asylum reports the j decease of Mary Hiscock, aged 7S, native of I Wilts, England, on the 24th inst.,' from age; admitted 3rd September, IS75; arrived °iu' Adelaide in 1S52, per Kooghley, from London. 'TIIF. ILLUSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS." The January number of this paper has been issued as a special holiday one, the illustrations beiug made from the drawings of the special artist of the Xewi- Mr. Curtis-obtained dur ing a trip by him through the magnificent I soenery of the Blaek Spur. The engravings form a complete illustration from beginning to end of a holiday tour, and, as has been stated, "form a complete epitome of the magnificent | landscapes of the Yarra track." It would be impossible for us in a brief space to enflumerate the excellencies of the different engravings in this number, for the engravers throughout have well performed their tasks. ' As specimens of Victorian scenery the number ia well worth securing, either for heme-readers or for the purchaser's own portfolio. We may congratu late the proprietors upon having issued an ex ceedingly creditable holiday number, THE CHAIJIERS' CHURCH INDUCTION SERVICE. -In our report of the induotion servioe, which took place at the above church on Wednesday, we inadvertently omitted to refer to the musical portion of the service in the evening. The vocal selections were without exception all excellently rendered b^the following ladies aud gentlemen : -Mrs. A. a. B. Casey, Misses N. and B. Rae, and Messrs. Pallett and Roper. Mrs. Ick ably , presided at the organ, and several' anthems were sung daring the evening by the choir. DONATIONS TO THE CITY POOR BUS.-1The following amounts received for "The City Poor Box from publicans and others, whose licenses were granted on the 23rd December, 1SS0, aro thankfully acknowledged;-Messrs. Moorhead, M'Carten, and Bruce, 20s each; Messrs. Hosk iug, Young, and Burridge, 10s each; Messrs. K-ahland, Martin, Hinsley, Hansen, Bid strnp, Pritchard, French, Meehan, Steepe Sciallero, Howard, Walsh, Banks, Emmerson,' Orme, and Rogan, 5s each; Mr. Freeman, -is'; Messrs. O'Brien, Conroy, and Rogers, 3s each Messrs. M'Guiuness, Hammond, Pieper. Keely' I O'Conaell, Feely, Bruhn, Tonkin, Lihenan' Quedley, Flanmgan, Williamson, Drake, and' Code, 2s 6d each. Amounts at 2s and under £1 lis 6d, per Mr. J. P. Motteram; Messrs! Cameron, 4s; Heffner, 2s (jd. Total, £12 IGs. L "THE SKETCHER."-We have to "acknow ' le.-!ga receipt of the January number of the I Sketcher, which is a very good one. ' A portrait of the Rev. Charles Strong is verv clear, and pictures of "The Telephone, Melbourne Ex change," the dogs from the "Dog Show," and " Sketches from the Melbourne Hospital" are amongst the best. The view of the yacht race, although a clear one, ia slightly peculiar, each yacht in the illustration holding its own parti cular wind. "A quiet holiday," "A glimpse of Launceston," "The Western Australian Court in the Exhibition," and the "Opening of the Fiteroy Bridge, Queensland," constitute the rest of the illustrations. The ion. treasurer of the Bend:"st> Benerolent Asylum (Mr. H. JT. Stewart, Oriental Bank), with thanks, acknowledge receipt of £2 from the Koron^ Shire Council in aid of the funds of the institute" The superintendent furtherdesire3 to acknowledge receipt of the usual fila oi 'Jiullic Opinion from Mr. Burrows, Bull-street, and a parcel of papers from Mrs. John Wynne, for the inmates. Messrs. Stewart and Co., of 217 and 219 Bourke street, Melbourne, the well- known photographers announce to visitors to the Melbourne Exhibition that they are supplying cartes de i-iiite at 8s Cd per 