NEWS OF THE WEEK. GUNDAGAI POLICE COURT. THURSDAY, APRIL 28. (Before Mr. Love, P.M.) ALLEGED ASSAULT. James Burgess was charged with assaulting George Milford. Mr. Perkins for complainant. Senior Constable Jones deposed that on the 27th instant he arrested the prisoner by virtue of a warrant (produced), wherein he was charged with unlawfully assaulting George Milford by threatening to strike him ; the warrant was dated the 26th instant, and is signed by Mr. J. B. Elworthy, justice of the peace; in reply to the charge, prisoner said, "I'm not going to bolt." By Mr. Perkins: Prisoner was with some sheep that Charles Dillon was driving. George Milford deposed: I live at Black Springs, near Jugiong ; I am a conditional pur- chaser; on the 26th instant I saw defendant on my land about 8 o'clock in the morning; he was sheparding some sheep ; I threatened to impound the sheep ; he said, "Will you, by God," and picked up a stick, and walked towards me in a threatening manner to within sir or seven yards ; he told me that if I did not let the sheep go he would knook my b—— brains out. The Police Magistrate here stopped the case, and said the evidence disclosed no offence. An assault was a striking or a threatening to strike with a present ability to carry the threat into execution. The lifting of a stick at a distance of six or seven yards was not an assault. Mr. Perkins said there was no doubt but that the Police Magistrate had correctly laid down the law. Complainant stated that he had made a state- ment to Mr. Weekes and Sergeant Carroll, and left it to them to draw up the charge. The Police Magistrate said Mr. Weekes must have been asleep, and asked whether complain- ant had not made a statement of the case to Mr. Elworthy. Senior Constable McElligott stated that no statement had been made to Mr. Elworthy. The information was sworn before him, and he signed the warrant. Case dismissed. RESCUE. The same defendant was charged with rescu- ing 2000 sheep which complainant (George Mil- ford) had taken possession of for the purpose of impounding. Mr. Perkins for complainant. The caso arose out of the former one, and the facts were somewhat similar. Complainant deposed that 2000 sheep, in charge of defendant, had trespassed on his land ; when complainant told him he would impound the sheep he threatened him, and thus prevented him from taking them to the pound. Fined £3, with £1 1s professional costs, £1 witness's expenses, and 5s 10d costs, levy and distress, or one month's jail. The fine was paid. FORGERY. Alfred Smith was charged with obtaining money by means of a forged cheque, purporting to be signed by Mr. James McEvoy, of Tarra- bandra. The Police Magistrate asked how the prisoner was before the Court. Senior Constable McElligott stated that he had arrested the prisoner on the previous day. The Police Magistrate said it did not matter as the prisoner was before the Court ; but he should not have been arrested without a war- rant. Senior Constable McElligott deposed: I re- ceived from Joseph Bubek a cheque for £8 15s on the Commercial Bank, Gundagai; it pur- ported to be signed by James McEvoy; it is marked "no account ;" it is dated April 23rd ; I spoke to Mr. Allman, the manager of the Commercial Bank, and he said he had no doubt it was a forgery; I saw prisoner at Mr. Bibo's and told him to accompany me to the Police Office ; he did so, and on the way I asked him where he got the cheque ; he replied, "I got it from McGrath;" I asked him what McGrath, and he replied, "Of Tumut;" I then took him to the police station, and in reply to Senior Sergeant Carroll he stated that he got the cheque from Mr. James McEvoy ; I found the sum of £1 13s on him. Joseph Bubek deposed : I am a gardener residing on Snowball Creek ; I know the prisoner ; on Saturday last he asked me to change a cheque for him ; he owed me an old account, and he said he wanted to pay a portion of it ; he owed me between £3 and £4, and he said he wanted to pay me £2 out of it; he handed me the cheque produced ; he told me to keep £2 out of it, and to give him the balance £6 16s ; he told me he was working for Mr. McEvoy, of Tarra- bandra, and that he got the cheque from him ; I gave him £6 13s, and gave credit to his account for £2; I brought the cheque into town on Wednesday and took it to the Commercial Bank ; I gave it to the clerk and asked to have it cashed ; I have heard his name is Edmondson ; he looked at the cheque and said it was no good ; I identify the cheque produced as the same ; I then saw Mr. Allman, and he said the signature to the cheque was not Mr. McEvoy's; he then wrote in pencil on the cheque "no account;" he told me to go in search of the man who gave me the cheque; I did so and took prisoner into the bank ; prisoner told Mr Allman that the cheque was good, that he had worked very hard for it ; Mr. Allman told him to write his name on the back of the cheque; he did so, and Mr. Allman told me to go for the police ; I gave the cheque to the police. Edward C. Allman deposed : I am manager of the Commercial Bank at Gundagai ; on the 27th the cheque was presented by Mr. Bubek ; the person whose signature purports to be to the cheque has no account with us ; I know Mr. James McEvoy's signature ; the signature on the cheque is not anything like it ; I believe the signature to be a forgery; I wrote "no account" on the cheque ; prisoner afterwards came into the Bank and I told him to write his name on the back of the cheque, and he did so ; he told me he got the cheque from Mr. James McEvoy. Remanded until Saturday for the attendance of Mr. McEvoy. Josh Billings says,—Notoriety iz a cheap success ; it iz like a full-blown bladder, liable to bust at enny minnit, and hardly possible to in- flate the sickoned time. TnEitE has been but littlo change in the woathor since our last issuo. We havo had some slight frosts, and yesterday there wero eome in dications of rain, but none fell. Some selectors appear to Xr under the im pression that tho Sandy Falls reserve, Mingay run, has been revoked, and will be open for soloction after tho 4th May. This is quite a mistake, as our readers will see on reference to our issue of the 8th instant. A P1B8T and only meeting in the estate of John Cogan, of Yabtree, was held on Wednes day in Gundagai before Mr. 0. W. Weekes, district commissioner. Mr.' Fell appeared for the insolvent, who was in attendance. Mr. Weekes said that ho was informed by the regis trar of the court that insolvent's schedule had not been filed. Mr. Fell explained that the sohedule had been prepared, and was in the hands of 'Mr. Fitzhardingo, of Wagga Wagga. Insolvent was examined, and stated that, in the absence of his schedule, he oould not exactly tell what his liabilities were; but he believed them to be between £500 and £600. His assets, as put down in his Bchedule, were £99; but he had to disposo of some oattle and potatoes for the support of himself and ? family, and : tho amount had .thus been reduced to £80. He attributed his insolvency to losses by bushfires -indfloods,'to tHtae^jf hiehorsA dying itMtwo being stolen, and also to sickness and deaths in his family. His assets consisted in 45head ol mixed cattle, 4 horses, and some farm imple ments, &o.; He had ISO acres of land, bot he had sold it to Mr. W. Bichardson in order to obtain money to defend a suit entered against him in the Supreme Court by Mr. B. F. Horsley. In that oase judgment went against him, and that was the immediate cause of the sequestration of his estate. Insolvent was cross- examined at some length by Mr. Horsley with tho view of showing that the ISO acres had not been sold to Bichardson, but only mortgaged. He said that although he sold the land to Bichardson in January, 1880, he did not transfer it Until tho following September. It was also understood by Bichardson that he was also to get his (in solvent's) eon's land so soon as tho latter bocamo of ago. He had borrowed altogether from Bichardson £439 15s. The first transaction was in 1875, when he borrowed £150. He gave him no security except a promissory-note, which was dishonored; but notwithstanding this he got a further advanco of £75 from him. He had also obtained other advances, tho last transaction being in January, 1880. Bichardson held a mortgage over his personal offeots, but he did not know whether the land was inoluded or not. He was to pay him 15 per cent for the money advanced. Mr. Weekes observed it appeared to him insolvent had no assets. Mr. Horsley said ho should liko to have the alleged mortgage produced, and asked for an adjournment ; but Mr. Weekes said ho had no power to compel the production of tho document. No directions were given, and the meeting then terminated. YESTERDAY Mr. Johns took a splendid pho- tograph of the Commercial Bank, and during the past fortnight he has taken portraits of most of our town residents. Without exception, Mr. Johns turns out a fine picture, and we strongly urge those who have not yet done so to give him a sitting before he leaves Gundagai. THE prospectors and Lynch and party, No. 1, in Macdonald's paddook, Wantabadgery, have bottomed, and report payable gold. The gold obtained by the former is coarse and shotty. The following directions regarding the de scription of conditional and other purchases of Crown lands by intending purchasers, which have recently been issued by the Survoyor General, have been courteously handed to us by Mr. C.W. Weekes for publication. Seleotois should study them: — ' 1. A starting point for tho description should be clearly determined, oithor as being identical with a named corner of a moasurod portion, or as bong in a certain direotion and distance from sadh corner; or from any other well-defined point, if there should bo no measured portion in the immediate neighbourhood of the land applied for. If the etarting point is not the corner of a measured portion, it is desirable that the applicant Bhould fix it he/or* he makes his application, either by marking a tree or driving a stake. In such caso the land agent should inquire if the start ing point is actually so marked.. Clearly marked muo trees of road or feature surveys make good referonce points, if applicant correctly gives the marks that are upon the tree, and stateB.its species. 2. The direotion and length (either definite or proximate) of eaoh boundary in suc cession, commencing the first line from, and terminating the last line at, the starting point, so that the lines may completely bound the land applied for. 3. In any case in which the appli cant cannot definitely point out on the offioo map the position of the land applied for, he may give a description based upon local knowledge ; but the land agent should see that it is complete as regards boundaries, in acoordance with the foregoing paragraph. There is no objeotion to a sketch, in which tho' direction of tta^iprth ppint should bo indicated, being given in ink on the margin of the application, provided it'be intelligible and not inconsistent with the de scription. 4. In describing a portion of its number and parish, it is desirable that other particular - ly which the portion may he identified should he given, in case thero may be any mis- ? take either in the number of the portion or the name of the parish. 5. The lengths of boun-. daries, as required by paragraph No. 2, are especially necessary when the land is intended to be applied for in an oblong form. 6. Addi tional conditional purohases adjoining applicants' original or previous Conditional purohases at a corner only, are not admissible. 7. Conditional purchasoa under the 22nd section of the Aot of 1801 may not be made in virtue of part of a freehold granted by tho Crown, nor in virtue of several adjoining freeholds, but only in virtue of one froehold, of area not exceeding 600 aores, upon which applicant resides.' No man should do more work of mtiBcle or of brain in a day than ho can. perfectly recover from the fatigue of in a good night's rest. Up to that point exercise is good ; beyond ate waste of life, exhaustion, and decay. When hunger calls for food and fatiguo demands rest, we are in the natural order, and koep the balance of life. When we take stimulants to spur our jaded nerves or excite an appetite, we are wast ing life. A Sydney paper gives this pioco of advice ] to the good-natured public : — ' Never givo away money in tho streets to unknown peoplo who ask alms. Carry your soup-kitohen tickets in your pocket, roady to be handod to street beggars.' Similar advice is applicable to in land towns, where there are no soup-kitchons. If, instead of giving money to tho tramps who ask for it, thoy were told to ohop wood or earn a shilling or two by labour, thoro would be fewer beggars tramping the country. .A commercial traveller who usod to travel tho Southern road, and. who was a notorious fellow for swearing, happened on ono occasion to pull up at a roadsido inn for dinner and to bait his horse (he used to driro a one-horso vehicle). He was 'a fellow of infinite jest,' and at once mado himself at homo with any one he happened to meet, but the bad language he was acoustomed to use was almost sufficient to lift the roof off the building. Having seated himself at the dinner table, regardless of the presence of others, he commenced swearing about the plates, tho eract-stand, the pea-soup, and the enevitable piece of fat bacon he always saw placed on tho table when he dined there. Presently he espied, sitting right opposite, a clergyman. ' Oh, beg pardon ; I am sure,' quoth the bagman ; ' didn't know a gentleman of yirar Sloth was so near!/ - The fact is I'm not one to pick my language. I'm a plain-speaking man, and invariably call a spade a spade.' In deed 1' said the reverend gentleman; ' 'a spade a spade' — do you really P Now, I should havo imagined, from- the little I have heard, that you would have called a spade a»— adjectivo — shovel I ' ' The escort whioh left here on Wednesday took the following parcels of gold : — i|| Bank N.S.W., Tumut ? 167 6 8 Bank N.S.W., Adolong ? 699 9 1 Commercial Bank, Adelong. . . . 121 16 20 Total ' ? 888 12 fl It is notified in last Tuesday's Gazette that it is proposed to establish a public school at South Gundagai. . Me. W. B. Wilson met with an accident on Tuesday last. When journeying betwoon Cootamundra and Coolac the axletree of his waggon broke ; but as ho had no passengers, no great inconvenience was occasioned. Mr. Matchott happened to come along in a spring cart shortly after the mishap occurred, and kindly placed his vehicle at the disposal of Wilson, who proceeded to Cootamundra with the fractured axletree, and had the necessary repairs effected. The following tenders for roadwork havo been accepted by tho Government: — G. H. King, contraot IK, Main South Boad to Middlo Adelong; P. Thompson, contract IK, Wagga Wagga to Tarcutta. Tbe following selections were taken up at Gundagai yesterday : — Thos. Givney, 240a, Darbalaia George Collins, 40a, Bongongo ? John Jenkins, 40a, Tenaiidm - William Jordan, 300a, Tenandra David Neve, 100a, Willie Ploma Laurence O'Mara, 192a,.Cooney Frederick Godfrey Givney, 640a, Darbalara James Brown, sen., 60a, Burra Michael Bourke, 80a, Cooba ' Stephen Passlow, 80a, Cooba John O'Brien, 7oa, Willie Ploma P. J. O'Donnell, 138a Cooba. Tbe Minister for Public Instruction has had a number of large tents made which are to do service as Public schools on gold-fields, railway works, etc. Mb. Wyatt, police magistrate, in giving evi dence before the Melbourne Police Board stated that to his knowledge there were Beventy-soven blood relations of tho Kellys scattered from Kilmoro to the New South WaleB bordor. Sons Australian meat cured by Lee's process was tested in Melbourne, and found of excellent flavour. The inventor was complimented on his success. It is said that £300,000 worth of gold has been raised to the surface since Temora was dis covered.. Tb»- arrangements for the Adelaide Exhibi tion are now complete, and the regulations have been issued. It is to be kept open from J uly 21 to August 21. Affairs are to be under tho joint management of Mr. Jules Joubert and Mr. Two penny. - One-half of an opal mine in Queensland has been sold for. £4000. Dr. Bobinson, an eminent Indian geologist, says that the opal matrix from this mine is the largest and finest ho has ever seen. A 1 tho Voge table Croek tin mines thero are 1000 Ohincs6,and 1600 Europeans. The- Newcastle coal oompanies are now engagedin twar of competition which iB calcu lated to ruin one or other of the companiesand be prejudicial to tho district. TfiE first consignment of coal arrived in Goulburn on Monday from Barber, Slocombe and Co's. Goulburn Colliery, ;noar Cable Siding! and 20 miles from Goulburn. It has been oxamined by competent judges, and pronounced to be of excellent quality for steaming. Are thoro any Blakes in this country ? we ask. Because there is £145,000 belonging to the heirs of Mrs. Helon Blake of Kensington going begging for the want of heirs. Owing to the prevalence of foot and mouth diBease in England, the Viotorian Government havo determined to prohibit tho importation of cattle from abroad. An association has been formed by a nnmber of ladies in Switzerland, the objects of which oertainly deserve encouragoment. The mombers of this association or gnild bind themselves to avoid, and to do all they can to induce others, especially young girls, to avoid . gossiping, slander, and the use of slang or objectionable words in conversation. The brcaoh of any of the ruleB is punishable by fines, which aro to bo devoted to buying clothes for the poor. ' A correspondent, writing to us from London, amongst other mattors, says : — Tho absurd out ory against Bradlaugh was preposterous and unreasonable, but many are beginning to think ho will bo serviceable in tho Houso in directing attention to various national abusos which most mombors are inclined to shirk. When his motion comes on for enquiry into tho heroditary pensions, thero will be some curious disclosures. It appears that the funds from which theso pen sions arise havo been invested in Government ! stock, and the main object of thoso investments seems to havo been to conceal from publio ob servntion tho pensions that are rocoivod by the i holders, tho various titled porsons who benefit I by them, and thus to evndo awkward enquiries as to what thoir ancostors did to entitle them and thoir posterity to thoso handsome ponsions. Mr. Bradlaugh is evidently in earnest over tho matter. Speaking at a political mooting tho other day in alluding to the pension list, he said; — ' For himself, he intendod to make an effort to get rid of perpetual pensions. Ono payable to the Earl of Bath— a title which had been ex tinct 160 years. One of £676 was granted by Charlos H. to the then Earl of Kinnoull, and the present Earl denied that he ever received it; and on enquiry it appeared that the pension was sold in 1817, and that the pension was still paid to, those who had.acquirod jt by purchase. There waB a ponBionrofil91'bOO'paia to tho Duke of-1 Biohmond, and this was dono under an arrrauge ment which provonted the payment appearing annually in our published accounts. If the amount paid on that pension had been invested it would have paid tho national debt. He had spoken and written on this subject for ten or twenty years, and, thereforo, it could not bo said he took it up in consequence of anything which had recently occurred.' The New South Wales Institute of Surveyors havo decided to call a conference of delegates from all tho colonies, to be hold eithor at Mel bourne or Sydney, with the intention of estab lishing reciprocity in tho profession. We {Echo J learn that tho Government are about to extend tho tramway from the presont terminus in Hunter-street to the Circular Quay. The ronte to oe taKon will do across iiuncor street, through Mr. Cnrtis's yard, and so into Phillip-street, near tho Blue Boll Inn ; thenco down Phillip-street to the Circular Quay. It is intendod ovontually to run the tram round the Circular Quay, through tho Argyle Cut, and bo to Kent-street. It will thon proceed along Kont-stroet until it will moot the western ex tensions that aro proposed to be constractcd in tho direction of Darling Harbour and Pyrmont. The extension of tho Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows during tho year has beon vory marked. Nine dispensations were granted to open new lodges— some in tho suburbs of Syd ney, others in different parts of tho colony. The influx of Chinese is attracting consider able attention. Tho Premier has telegraphed to the British authorities in China to ascertain the cause of the unusual tide of immigratiod to this colony. . Ik the Supreme Court, Adelaide, recontly, the counsel for the defence, in a bigamy caso, con tended that the first marriage of the accused was illegal, as it took place in an Anglican Church. Tho ritual of tho Church of England did not contain the words required to bo used, according to the local Act of 1867, namely : — ' I call upon those persons present to witnoss that I take theo to bo my lawfully wedded wife.' If tho objec tion is upheld, it will effect all marriages cele brated in Anglican Churches in tho colony during the past dozen years. Judge Boucaut recognised tho importance of tho point, and re served it for tho decision of tho Full Court. Grand Flaneur has coased his racing caroer ; ho has boon sold to Mr. Town for stud purposos. — Mr. W. A. Long has purchased, for 1601 guineas, a sister to Grand Flaneur, foaled in Septomber, 1879, by Yattendon from First Lady. — Tho Wandering Jow was Bold on Mon day to Mr. T. Maitland for 310 guinoas, and Gipsy Coopor to Mr. W. Forroster for 200 guinoas. Speaking of Mr. Archibald Forbos's lecturo on ' Kings I Have Met,' a westora newspaper says that some day ho will coma aoross throe kings and a pair of sevens, and then he will learn something about tho really groat resources of this country. I A perfumer in the Faubourg Saint-Gormain has just compounded a new perfumo. It is having a great sale. He calls it ' The Odour of Sanctity.' A piece of land has been recently purohasod by the Australian Mutual Provident Society in the centre of the oity of Melbouro, at tho corner of Queen and Collins stroet, at tho rate of £400,752 an aore. This is an enormous prico for land in so young a city, and yet at that rato the investment is realising 6 per cent, por annum on the purohase money. An Italian professor has discovered that per fumes from flowers havo a chemical effect on I the atmosphoro, converting its oxygon into ozone, and thus increasing its health-imparting power. He Tecommonds that dwollers in mnrshy localities, and near places infeoted with animal emanations, should surround thoir houses with a profusion of tho moat odoriforous flowers. Baron Maolay, whoso lengthy stay in Now Guinea and the South Seas entitles him to spoak authoritatively, tells Commodore Wilson in very straight language that kidnapping and slavery aro carried on to an alarming oxtont under tho guise of the ' labour trade.' The Baron says : — 'It is certain that, so long as such institu tions as kidnapping, slave trado, and slavery are suffered, or oven sanctioned by tho Government (under the name of free labour trado), and shameless spoliation which goes by tho namo of \- trading,' oontinues in the islands, those results — the massacres — will constantly roour.' And he adds that he is prepared to support his state ment with faots. Tne heavy crops by New Zealand farmors aro attracting English farmers with capital. Por steamship Norfolk a good many of the English yeoman olass arrived. They mustered £100,000 betweon them. Theso aro tho kind of immi grant* wanted in Now South Walos. A LARGE portion of tlio Lightning Book at tho Melbourno Heada was blown up with dynamito lately. ?Near Cooktown (Q.) the other day, an alli gator walked ovor 40 yardB from the rivor to roach half a slaughtered bullock, which it carried off. The second Intercolonial Motoorological Con forenco is boing hold in Melbourne. Tho sub jects which will ocoupy attention will bo tho furthor oxtonsion nnd improvement of inter colonial woathor telegraphy ; the bost methods of obtaining statistics of the motionB of storms ovor Australia and around the const, and othor minor matters connectod with Australian moteorology. 