TI Hs 1h4I IN ftr1rrY . y thd. Meliel paper4 ?ve notice tlhat t I luie oiinary ox mhionition for oPiro:uy turni h *Id hInt 'isek it the Mellburne University, Mr. a. K Ho oinann, of leotheote, pussel lIis third yonr in etdit io. 'T PATIIICK' DAY Seour'.- W woubl call 9u'ecil attntiton ta th- l'rogrknian int tinother coltmtan ot tho sportu, to ho held to day on tihe load racecourse. Tn the evening a gr;trnl hall with refrehmnents ivill be given at the Town fla~l. LEcTURE.-By annonceent inl ano TIher column. it will he seen that Mr. .T. Scott rill deliver a lecture, on 'Tlhe signs of the titnues, rcligiously cotsiderel'' &ce.; in aid of the local Hlosital, at the Town lanll, on' Tuesday, the 29th inst. when the ud uission will he free, but a collcetion will he node duritig the evening. LCSO'ICrr A? hTI5 rfndii ver N'. It wVill beseed beo y a I vertisenteiit iui minother co uonn that c:honcert is to be helk at the NM [vor flloe Soiturilay ie'xt. 10 nill of the ci elociti famnily of the llte George lliiiuqnso 'eli) was a~ foe weekick ago buirnt to do itlih at i bushfir noeir his place at Ianohors 1ie Unrho cteriuld Ainiteur .1ii'stro an is r* oeril Iilcs 'coilnd gritlo lien cl oloisterfiel nid ITai0li0rLs are to take part iii the eiitertoiirniieit. Desaverroi iu o PROeERTYa. - A cvilfril. rlestruetioi of properly by niincirseivoo.ily incliiiod . young oion pis perpetritr l on S itrulay night Inst. The smlierorsr were Mr.~ G. 1.0 NI l)onahd and .lr. .Tolou Thuiaini. Trhe for iier hiaid 119 paliugri torn off the.r flce *it his paddcek at the sootli cii of tho hiroiinlih enthe opposite sidli of the rond to the I ike hotel, and the lItter, had his piddoclk garte wreiched 'off ih the s..oiO loality. We utnd'rstanid the perpotratora of the ccnnton acts atri known. A D~ri~iRous CoXeAmioN.-lF'or several nights hast week ii bunL eilophyed by Mr. GII. Xc Man ild, and liviog at his p zddock atthe Ohl Aistiioony Creok. was ;distturied by soioothiing.mioving iulder hiii whioi an, iec' Aftor this hadl (iee goeig on forie fewn rogih its eteriininei rio asceLr t'niiing tth c. use cif tlnh iiiovemeoiit, and jiiiipinng out of bed. raised the tick, when to liii a'srotcliliment he found unidernerith it a hlick oi ike abloit five feet in leonmth. On socinig the ruplili lie iinoiedtiately seized his un which hIappened to* be handy, anrd dispatchled it AN Exosrrue CuAsx-A fewi weeks ago. iinider thue landiiig of. a Wrongful Arrest," we published ni parairrnphi in reference tc t he arrest of i ccrtaiii hbsi ness hleisoi of't t wiintecvn, ini conesequenci of vliici arrest legal piroruceleings were stated. to haei beeoo thireitenid. anid after waids ahanldonod. Friomii events that have sieacqoently taken place it woutld rillicar that there were seote grounds for prompt ci~tion by the arresting party. It is now pretty gonerally known .y thin residents of thme.place that a ilay or two after the verlict had hirei given nigainst this:busi ness person in the PoPolico.Court le left !catlicote rather hirecilpitrtaly, ano was hotly. pursued by the creihitor anid a contable of police with a frauii summnons cnl distress warran. .Soiiie little tiiee was host rind a good deal of groind gone over before the pursuers could got properly on the scent, but the pursued wias mltimaely met with in a train at El moro, and a satisfactory settlement of the dobt obiteined. The porsuers , how ever, wero only just in tinme, as they iirrived et the Elmore station only abiout four tniiiutos bleforo the train cnto through. Whether' thme pursued left Ffieitlicote with a view to avoiil payment, or was merely takinga rimne: up country on business or for the blenetit of his heialth, is only known to himself. *DEAnTrre SOCIETY. -- The ordinary mueting of the Hleathcoto Mutual im proveinent and Debating Society, was hold at the Masonic Hall, on the 28th u!t There was a fair attendance of memiers. . The nminiites of the previous meeting were road noi confirmed Mr. RI. Kirk was duly elected a member of the Society, nd introduced. Two miotices of mnotinivore given-roio. ly Mr. Scott, Snlicitri: rotative to the revision of the riles of the Snciety. and the otlier hy Mr. Sies, of hii intenlion to render en essay on acrsiiionriy. - Mr. Schilor ndilred' Ins easlnsdtidn in colsedqrienceu Mis ldisrJing the ihistrict for dSnlh Iist, 'vhii'hi was ncceptetl, and a vote *ofE thanks ac cordd i him for past services. Mr. Bonnot was unnoitoosly cleted as secretary. Tihe prolitniniry business beingt concludod, Mr. 'homas, in accordance with notice of motion given previously, opened thle sub[jct1: on "oes and Rebels" and in a very.foreible mnener endeavnured to show that a rhbel wias ofttitnes a horo in ernbryo. T'I'e subject-casnabd a an animated discussion. in whlichlevera:tl euombers took part . No division was taken, and after a long discussion the subject was brought to a closo hy the opener's reply. Mr. A, Kirk's adjourned subject, "Is phronology as a sience reliable" was 'further :adjourncd, several mnobters express ng a desire for a little more titae to make themselves acquainted with it * The members were rominded that the next meeting would l) a social one. On Moo. rldayevening last. the society hold their social moeting, when, as usual, a large attendance of'' members' friends 'wre present. The following gentle. men contributed to the evening's amuse ment:-Prcsident, address; Mr Deakin, solo (piccolo), 'Casta tDiva and Alt Bella a mi Iitornit"; Mr. .atues Scott. road ing, "The Farmer and Barrister"; Lf. Tltomas, paper on " Life and Writings of Lord Byron" (lenigthy and interesting .diitcoitrse); Mr. Floakitm, song, "L80autifal Star" (iunch applitiuded) ; II Kirk, road ing (woll received) Mr. Morean, song R'lteal Old Irish Gentlemnan" (oncored, ond in response san" " Bar thle Door"); John Hedley. re iding; Jan. Scott, souzei, "'The Maid of Stangolloi" (encored, thea sang thin Days wlhen we went Gipsying c lomtg time ago") This finishcd the progranauno for thte evenin"', tfter trinsacting sontie b'siness thle mueotiag terminated by imll singinug R"God nave the Queen." Thin business of thle ordinary meeting wits previously inadvertently omitted. 