The instructions te enumerators and subenumerators for the census of Victoria for 1831, have jost been issued, and are sufficiently fulsome for all purposes; but it is questionable if these instructions-can be carried out in all cases. In the subdivision of districts under the enumerator, the number of houses included in a sub-district or a town where they adjoin, or are only a few yards apart, will be from 150 to 200, and the subenumerators are expected to leave the censuspapers, collect them, and enter up their contents in a book provided for the purpose, and the remuneration will be 10s per day for three days, where the work can be done on foot, and £1 per day if a horse is necessary. The sub-enumerator must also collect ail agricultural, manufacturing, mining, and educational statistics within his district, and be responsible for their completion within the three days allowed him, or so soon after aa possible. In goldfields districts, the enumerator's sub-district will be reduced to 100 or 150 houses, and in agricultural dis- tricts to 30 or 100 houses. Is the event of the sub-enumerator neglecting to fulfil bis woifc, or shonld he alter any census-paper, he is liable to a penalty of £20, besides the stoppage of whole or part of his remuneration, should his work not be done correctly. Then, again, all sub-enumerators must be over the age of eighteen years, sufficiently strong and vigorous to undergo the work of performing his work -with promptness, and acquainted with the district in which he is required to act. These are the principal points in the duties laid down, and if strictly carried out, both enumerators and subennmer&torB; will have lively times of the census while it lasts. On Wednesday a destructive bush-fire occurred near Burnt Bridge, com; devastating the paddocks of Messrs Kells, Backer, and Murphy; over 400 acres of good grass, with a large amount of fencing, being destroyed. It was with great difficulty that the house and hay-stacks of Mr Murphy were saved. The farmers and inhabitants of the neighborhood turned oat en masse to arrest the progress of the fire, and too much praise cannot be given to Mr Diifly (of the Burnt Bridge school) and his scholars for their efforts in subdnjng the flames. But for their prompt action, the fire would have been a much more serious afiair, for had the paddocks of Mr M'Naught (of Karmbool station) caught fire, there is no sayingwhere the destj-uctjon would have ended. The fire originated in Mr Miller's paddock, and is due, it is supposed, to the carelessness of some woodcutters, who left a fire burning and unprotected. - At a special meeting called fbr the pur- poee, Messrs Steinfeld and Fitzgerald were appointed to collect subscriptions amongst the Melbourne merchants towards purchasing the new steam fire engine for the Ballarat Fire Brigade. On Wednesday last they commenced work, and with a most gratifying result; for, after an hour's canvassing, they obtained £63, with promises of £40 more, so that they expect to hand over £100 to the brigade when their work is completed. The subscription given them in each case was £3 5s, and not a single refusal was met with. • We are pleased to annonnrei that the dispute between the Creswick branch of lire Victorian Miners' Association and the direc- -tors of tlie Longfalin Company, Kingston, with reference to the wages scale of truckers, has been satisfactorily settled. It having been decided to refer the question to arbitration, Mr T. H. Thompson, manager of the City of Ballarat Company, was appointed by the Loughlin Company,—and Mr J. Dibdin by the Miners' AssociatJbn, with Mr D. Ktzpatrick, J. P., as referee. These arbitrators therefore met a . few days since, and agreed upon terms with the exception of one or two questions, which were referred to Mr Htzpatrick, and whose decision was acccptedas equitable by both sides. The mayor of Scarsdale waited upon the Commissioner of Rail-wayB yesterday, to orge that (be survey and subsequent construction of the line to connect that - boroogh with Ballarat Bhonld be pushed on as rapidly as possible. Mr Patterson, in reply, said that at present all the survey parties were .'fully engaged, . and that consequently • be' was unable to fix any definite for commenc- ing .the work in question. There would,, however be no ""PfffiMfflrj delay in the matter. We regret very much to hear that Mr Fincham, U.U., who. is in Melbourne "at eserat, has been confined to bis room once Lesday, suffering from Borne spasmodic complaint. -A few. days' rest will, we hope,- be sufficient to restore Mr Fincham to bcilth An old man named Alexander Reubens, described as a Hungarian, was found yesterday by the police lying in a very weak state on the side of the Bungaree roai It appears that the poor fellow 1iag been suffering from diarrhoea for some days, {and bong without shelter and proper nourishment, he was in a very low condition. He Was removed to the Hospital, where it is expected proper nourishment and good naming will Boon set him up again. The imaging woman, Sarah Morgan, whose absconding from the Beneym«iit Asylum about a fortnight ago was so mysterious, was yesterday discovered by Constable Beckman at Bnnjpree. The constable W a woman on the road Bomewh&t; answering the description fnniished jhim of the missing one, and accoeting her, «he readily admitted that «he waa Morgan. . It appears thai she has been staying for some days with family living at a-house near Bungaree. She made no objection to being sent back to the asylum, and when questioned as to her reason for leaving it, said she wanted to earn some money. Tie unfortunate woman was banded over to the asylnm authorities yesterday evening. A marriage, which created considerable interest, took place yesterday at St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, when Mr F. E. Vandeleur; of Albemarle, N.S.W., and Miss C. J. Henderson, third daughter of the Rev. Wm. Henderson, were. united in the bonds of matrimony. At twelve -o'clock, the time of the wedding, a large number of persons assembled at the church, the majority of them consisting of the fair sex. The father of t^ie bride conducted the matrimonial service, after whiah the happy couple were driven to the manse, where the wedding breakfast was prepared. Mr and Airs Vandeleur left on their honeymoon tour by the half-past three train to Melbourne, with wishes of every Buccess for their future happiness. In accordance with the liberal policy which has actuated the management of the Gas Company in the past, we are pleased to observe that another reduction in the price of gas has been derided upon. Our advertising columns announce that from the commencement of nest month the price of gas will be reduced to 10s per 1000 -cubic feet, and subject to the usual discounts to large con snmers. This should not only place gas within the reach of all for lighting purposes, but bring it into very general use for cooking also. Two young men have been going about for the last day or two in Ballarat East try ing to dispoee of a brass ring, purporting tc be a gold one. They attempted their htth game with a pawnbroker in the neighborhood of Victoria street, bat he was not to be swindled, and they made off, without leaving their address. The public should be on their guard against these individuals. William Doyle was brought before the Town Police Court yesterday morning on remand, on a charge of having stolen on tiie ISth instant a number of articles, in all valued at £30, the property of Mr James Coghlan. As the prisoner had been instrumental si recovering most of the articles^ the bench only inflicted a light punishment, by sentencing him to three months' imprisonment At the meeting of the Sebastopol Council held last night, the town clerk drew attention to the number of goats that roost by day ^nd night in front of the town hall. He aaid they were finch a nuisance that one day the rate^colfactor was obliged to throw his. bat at them to frighten them' away. It, bowever, accidentally lodged on one of their horns, and the goat made off with it, the merry rate collector recovering it only after a good "half-mile" spin. The matter was left in the hands of the mayor to bring up a report ' \- A groom, named Charies Stewart, was yesterday admitted into the Hoepital for treatment of a severe wound in his face, caused by a "kick from a horse. He received the injury the day previous at Learmonth, when .grooming the hone inOobb's stables there. Mr Glenny, J.P., presided at the CSty Police Court yesterday morning, anil fined two drunkards in the usual amount. Henry Hutchinson waa ordered to find two sureties of £25 each, to beep the peace for twelve months, for having struck his wife and threatened to knock her brains out. Henry Lee was remanded till the 28th instant, on a charge of having used obscene language in Start street. Bui was allowed in one surety of £10. The same defendant, with Burns and Henry Caldecott were remanded till the -same date, charged with' having assaulted Constable Hickey in the execution of his duty, on the I8th instant. The same bail was allowed aa in the former case. A Revision Court was held in the Town Police Conrt yesterday morning, when the electoral rolls for the Ballarat Kant proper and Sooth Boad divisions were revised, corrected, and certified to. Ann Morris proceeded against her husband, Charles Morns, a mining manager, at the Town Police Court yesterday, for having left her without sufficient p" 1^" of support. The bench made an order for the defendant to contribute 30s per week towards the support of his wife, exclusive of a house and furniture. In our yesterday^ issue the names of the successful candidates in the late examination for State school exhibitions were given. We are glad to notice the number of marks obtained, as showing the advancing care in training pupils for this examination. The lose of these exhibitions is to provide the test education the country can give for the eight best -pupils in the State schools each year. The subjects of examination embrace the full extent of the ordinary school course, together with Latin,' French, algebra, and Euclid. The money value of the exhibitions is £35 a year, tenable for six years. The first three years are spent in seme approved college, for which the fees are fixed at £10 per annnm The surplus of £25 per annnm may be used at discretion, but if the pupil continues his course it is used towards defraying U niversity expenses. We also learn that giiis have been admitted to the examination, owing, we presume, to the change in the University regulations in opening its privi- es to female students. The most successful tool in the colony at the lastexamination has again been the Mount Pleasant school, which is the only school passing two — Josiah Stephen Wasley and Bernard Patrick O'Dowd n' n 1 and 1 a • the 1* Only , school 1 1 which 1 • , has , been regularly successful w for the i.rf last five years. The same boys are two out of the eight who recently passed both the matriculation aad civil service examinations from the same school. In view of these facts, Mr Kicholls has received a letter from the Education department, "expressing the gratification of the department at the very successful results of the teaching in the'school, as attested by the nnnmi*! nnmber who have passed the examinations."- This school has for yews stood by far the highest in the colony among State schools with reference to these examinations; and, as may be seen by comparing the number of its successful pupils in tile University examinations with the numbers passed by the colleges and grammar schools, it holds a high position among the best of these. Altogether it is extremely pleasing to note the high standard which pupils may attain in our State Bchools. The .value of Mr WatBon's patent doubleaction pump, which has been working at the Victoria United Company's claim for the past six months (and a description of which we rublished in May last) -has received - the ighest eulogiums from the working shareholders for the manner in which it has worked since bong placed in the shaft. We learn that; although pumping now fnom a depth of 510 feet, the backet leather has not been changed for the laataix months, whereas in ordinary pumps tbe%ucket very seldom lasts one week.. And .while.it has been in constant work smce May last, it has not been yet fonnd necessary to repack. The value of this new description of pump is, therefore, proved by practical work, and is well worth inspection by our mining men. The Barkly Street Mutual Improvement Association held the ordinary weekly meeting on Tuesday evening, in the vestxy, at the usual time; Mr £. McGregor, vice-president, in the. chair, and sixty members present. MrH. Reid read an excellent lessay on the ^Christian system." The different beads of the eubjeet were treated well, and evoked a lengthy and spirited criticism. A unanimous vote, of thanks was accorded the essayist for the able and efficient manner the subject was dealt with. (The essayist suitably responded, land the chairman closed the meeting in the usual way. Next Tuesday an essay win be read by Mr J. L. Nettle, The following items appear in the Police Gazette this week:—Stolen bom the person of James O'Meaagh, Ballarat, on the 11th instant, a silver -open-face watch, No. 8099;" and cable-pattern silver albert. John Winterbbttom absconded from the licensed service of Mary Irvine, Happy Valley, Linton, on the 10th instant. Warrants of commitment have been issued by the E^erton bench against John Ackton, alia* Dudley, miner, and Thomas Geething, engine - fitter, for threatening language. John Toward Harrisonis missing from bis home, Little Bagl&n; street, Ballarat, mnce the 10th instant The annnal meeting of the trustees'of the Ballarat General Cemetery was beld at the board-room on Monday, 10th January. Present, MrC. Bailey (chairman), Messrs 1.3. Jones, 8. Cohen, D. Brophy. The usual monthly reports were received from the sextans and secretary. The balance- sheet for the year 1880 was submitted and approved of, viz.:—Dr balance, £49 lls;iees for graves, £1219 Is; fees remitted for burial of the poor,'£105 6s; interest, £5 Ifie lOd; sals of property, £6—total, £1385 19bJ0d. Cr.—By salaries, £520; office -expenses, £44 6s 4d; grave-digging, £477 6s 4d; guarantees, » 2s 6d; contingencies, £21 3s lid; fees remitted for burial of poor, £105 6s; balance, £213 8s 9d—total, £1383 13s lOd. Some splendid specimens of the buzzard, or wild turkey, have been killed within the last few days on theSmeaton Plains, one of which is now on view at the Buck's Head hotel. The bird measures from tip to tip of wings fully 6 feet 6 inches, and M in splendid condition. ' ^The secretary of the Miners' Association acknowledges with thanks the receipt of a cheque for £1 Is from Mr John Davis, of the Ancient Briton hotel, Main road, per Mr J. Kavanagh. Mr T. HassalL, of Eyre street, caught a splendid Murray cod at Burrumbeet yesterday, which turned the scales at lllb. The sadie gentleman also landed a couple of smaller £sh of the same family, altogether making a very respectable basket. The following amusing typographical error occurred in yesterday's Argun-.—"The man Fahey, who on Tuesday stabbed a half-cost at Yass, has been committed for wilful murder." The word italicised should of course have been " caste." The attendance at the Exhibition on Wednesday nasas follows:—By single ticket, 2,750; season ticket holders, 44; miscellaneous, 1,516—total, 4315. Will they never end? We have received a copy of the card almanac for 1881, as issued by the Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society. We have also received 1 copy of a pamphlet bearing the title "A description of the Empire of Japan," as compiled by the Japanese Commissioners to the Melbourne Exhibition, and published by Messrs Mason, Firth, and M'Cutcheon, of Melbourne. "-Passer-by" must send his name and address before his letter can be published. We have received from Mr W. K". Lansley. the Ballarat agent, a copy of the first number of the " Mercantile Gazette of Victoria," whieh contains a good stock of information of interest to the mercantile community. A shocking accident (says the Bendigo Advertiser) occurred on Tuesday morning. A man named Gordon, a splitter on Gunbower Island,, in the Murray, had been in to attend the police court, Kerang, and was on his way home alone, driving a horse and cart. The next that was heard of him was the findinj of his dead body in a dam on the Pyramid Creek, the cart and the lifeless carcase of the horse also being found in the water. It is supposed that the poor fellow must have fallen asleep, and the horse becoming thirsty when it saw the water plunged in for a drink beyond its depth, hence tie horrible catastrophe. Only a few weeks ago the man's wife died leaving three little girls, so that now the poor children are deprived of both parents. The following appeared in yesterday's Maryborough Standard:—"Queen Anne's dead!" On "Wednesday the Maryborough ublic were informed of the disappearance Surn Talbot of a Maryborough young man engaged in the post office department at Talbot. As it is somewhere about two months since the young gentleman gave his creditors the slip, news must take some time to travel nine miles. Inquiring friends would be much more gratified to learn the where abouts of the misBing young man." A young-looking woman, named Ellen Reardon, alias Ellen Beattie, was charged (says the Age) before the Emerald Hill court on Wednesday with unlawfully wounding an old man named John Ryan, on the 1st instant. The prisoner is a daughter-in-law of Mr Ryan, and had not been seen for some years. On the date of the offence the prosecutor, who lives at 116 Coventry street, had been in bed some hourB, when the prisoner knocked at the door, and on its being opened rushed to the old man's bedroom, and, seizing an oil-bottle, hurled it with great force at him, breaking it across his temple, and inflicting a cut 1£ inch long. He uBhed her away from him, and she fell down, own, but but on on rising rising again agau she attacked him most viciously, inmcting injuries which confined him to his bed for several weeks. Dr Haig testified to the extent and dangerous character of the injuries. The prisoner, who was arrested by Detective Ward, was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sessions. The Postmaster-General (says the Argus) wishes it to be known that there is no possibility of any young ladies being engaged in the Postal or Telegraph department for some time to come. Every day he receives numerous applications from those who have qualified themselves as telegraphists, and the books of the department contain the names of several hundred applicants, but all Jthe offices are filled. The "bill-room," where the record of the contorts of each letter-bag was formerly kept, has been abolished, and a record of only registered and insufficiently-' stamped letters is now kept. This places four young ladies at liberty, and some difficulty is experienced in finding employment for them in the other offices. In some cases three or four sisters of families in comfortable, if not affluent, circumstances are said to be employed in the department, and Mr Langrid^ proposes shortly to. dispense with the services of some of these, in order to afford openings for indigent, but well educated, and qualified young ladies. A report upon the number and position of the female em- ployes in the Postal and Telegraph offices is now being prepared by Mr Jackson for the Postmaster-General. Since Mr LangridgeV acceptance of office he has not made one fresh appointment,, but the vacancies which have occurred in postmastership of both Geelong and SandfcaShave enabled a general promo6on to take place throughout the department. On Wednesday afternoon (says the Bendigo Independent) a Chinese digger named Sing Fong presented himself at the counter of Mr C. Edwards, gold-broker, of Williamson street, and sold no less than twelvfc small parcels of what appeared to be gold. The staff was immediately put in a cupola and smelted, when it was discovered that the substance was nothing more than small pieces of lead covered with gold lesrf. Hie gold leaf was so cleverly put on that, previous to the smelting, the swindle could not be detected. The Chinaman was immediately given into the custody of Constable O'Connor and taken to the lock-up. The Geelong correspondent of the Telegraph says that young Alexander, who fell from the rope on Friday night while performing a la Blondin, is getting well rapidly, and is quite out of danger. Mr J. J. Casey (says the Age) has been asked to stand for Maldon, on the retirement of Mr J. Service. Mr Casey has replied by telegram that hopes are entertained that Mr Sei-vice may be induced to remain in the colony, and that in the present unsettled state of affairs it would be premature on his part to take any action in the matter, News (says the Argus) has been received at Wilcanma from the Barrier Ranges that 6000 sheep, belonging to Hughes' station, were swept away by the flooding of a gorge. The shepherd was drowned, and a man and his wife narrowly escaped. On the reassembling of Parliament, the University Bill recently passed by the Assembly will be considered by the Legislative Council. The Age is informed that in the event of the Upper House approving of the measure^Professor Strong will be a candidate for election to the University Council. The Charlton ' correspondent of the St. Arnaud ' Mercury . writes:—"It is truly pitiable to hear the statements of selectors whose lands adjoin the mallee or timber, on account of the rabbits. One, only a few miles from here, replied to my enquiries that he had not been able to grow anything to sell for four years except rabbit skins, which were now too low to be worth drying. Another had sold but £8 worth in three years; he had worked hard all the time, and did not owe one rent, but be was about tired out with the rabbits, and was now carting on the roads to keep his family. Imagine this repeated with slight variation all day long, and you have an inkling of the state of affairs on the outside selections next to Crown lands." The secretary of the Education Department, Mr G. W. Brown, wfll commence his leave of absence on the 2nd of February next. Mr Brown (says the Age) leaves for England' to recruit his health, and will be -twelve mouths absent from the colony. Mr Bolam • will take chatgeof the department in the meantime. The teachers in State schools are anxious to present Mr Brown, before his departure, with a memento expressive of tie esteem and feelings of respect which they entertain towards hnn. "OnThuraday, Major Smith was applied to in the matter by some of the teachers, to learn whether any objection would be offered to Mr Brown receiving 1 the presentation. The Minister thinks thai cerof the. department should be per- mitted to receive any presentation rf grcat intrinsic value, but he wfll offer nonobjection in the case of Mr Brown, provided the subscriptions be limited. No teacher to -be permitted to subscribe more than 5s towards the testimonial. Messrs Clarke and Co: (says the Age) on Wednesday sold £30,000 Victorian Government 4 per cent, inscribed stock, at par net to the Treasury. .This transaction absorbs the remaining balance in the hands of the Government. Here is a bit of novelty. " Anxious (relates the East Charlton Tribune) to relieve the bride from what she considered needlessly trying duties, her next friend at a recent marriage in this town volunteered to make the responses, and only when it became necessary to put on the ring did the officiating minister discover that the obliging friend in question -was just about half married to the bewildered bridegroom. Of course matters were set right by commencing dt novo. Marriage is, we know, far from a joke under any circumstances, but how ' jorribly remote from anything of the kind it might have , been had the mistake not been discovered is one of those things that cannot be imagined, much less described." The Rev. Michael Meade, who for some time past has labored among the Boman Catholics in the Maryborough district, is about to leave, having had notice (says the Maryborough Standard) of his removal to Ballarat. The Rev. FatherCollyer, of Inglewood, will succeed Mr Meade as priest for the Maryborough parish. It will be seen, by reference to our adver- tising columns, that Mr W. Murrell has resolved to dispose of his well-known hostelry, the Woodman hotel, on the Melbourne and Gordon road, in 1500 shares of £1 each. The worthy and popular host has so long and admirably conducted the business of the establishment that its reputation is widely extended; and whoever should secure the perty will certainly have a prize for life. : prospectus, however, is fully set forth in the advertisement; and we understand that the applications for shares are so rapidly coming in that the allotment will be sure to take place at an early date. We would remind members of the Ballarat Miners' Association that the ballot for officers for tiie ensuing year closes to-morrow at twelve o'clock, at toe office, -Lydiard street. About 500 votes have already been recorded. The £ev. 3. W. Inglis will give one of his popular readings in the Barkly street Fire Brigade Hall "thia evening, entitled "Twa Hours at Hame," interspersed with selections of music. The proceeds will be in aid of St. Stephen's Church building fond, and the well-known ability: of the rev. lecturer should ensure a large audience. The annual meeting of the governors and subscribers to theBallarat Benevolent Asylum will be held in the board-room. Camp street, on Thursday evening next, at eight o'clock. The ordinary general meeting of the Phoenix Foundry Company will be held at Brophy's hotel on Monday, the 31st instant, at eight o'clock. The district meeting of the Welsh Calvinistic body will be held at Sebastopol on next Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. On Sunday the Rev. B. T..Roberts, of Williamstown, will preach morning and evening in Welsh, and the Bev. M. S. A. Looncy. B.A. B.D., B.C.L., at half-past two. A full dismounted parade of the Ballarat troop of the P. of W. Light Horse will take place in the Alfred Hall this evening; at a quarter past seven. 