ToE ST. U.aun OrPno CoMPAurY. -The St. Clair Royal English Comic Opera Company opened on y.Mopda yo'voning tin o hall of the mechanics' insti i^tfu3,ya'Vs; S ~ornr,5° daf , c odeO. Thio ontortain Mlisst Madelinu St. Cluir aataiiog tlloh art of thl twin sisters, which she did well from beginning to end, and sho sang several of the lively songs well; amongst theo foremost was, "Take this cup of oparkling wine." Aldllo. Marie St. Clair desorves a great deal of praise for tle way she playod tho part of Aurora, Ithe affectioaato wife of Bolero. Too much cannot bo said of Mr. Ernest St. Clair for Idai rendoring of the oharaloerof Morzoulk tho Moorish chiuf, which ho sustained well; and on thle whole thl opera was creditably put on tho stage. The quintette bythe company which brought the first act to an old wa nll roenered -an ls tie Trav eller' Chorus hy the holem company, whol terminatoed the opera, Wsc'tcll dsorvtinlg of natice. Ao intorludo of seletibns: him thie aft rpieco was also given by Mr. Dolanoy. The amsing satirical operetta of Trial by Jnsry, in wholic there aro coe pleotty songs, bronght tho enteartlaimoet to a close and tis audi one wont: aoway doflightd. Irt. J. A. Dwlanoy was the actompanisot t lrogllouto the entertaionment. O Diohoso, was g&ivnct; w1th mracli siccess. Tli opera went very sioothlly and the rsss wore very ero ap propriate. Tho. acting dh singing of Marieo St. Olair Wore good, and thel several lively airs in tho opera wore given with great spirit.. Tho Wonda of Mliss MaIdlino, wobs soag coons very pretty songs appertaining to tihe opera, was nicely randcred. The enorafl Boom of Mr. Ernest St. Clair was a piece of gooed acting, as ho list oilfy looked the character but ti played it. Tho otler parts were very roll repro sonted, and the. anudienco, which nimberril about four hutndred, wore weU plseaced with tho entertain. mont.. Mr. Delanoey, who accompaniaed tho opera, deserves great praise, and altogether tho company are well cutltled to public patronage. Last iight thoi same progrommo was repeated with equal aic. coss. - To.nigit W'callace's opera of Maritana will be piroilducd, the artistes before meintioned bhing as. sistod in tho choruses by soeveral tlocal anateu.rs. JuNIon PenLIee EsX...?.?.ios.- Tlho result of til junior piblio Oxamin ions,u recently held at thle University of Sydlncy, hlns bcan made public. Among those ewhn passed are the following. Tie lotters I. and L, sign ify reispectivly High and Low: "-Clanmpott, WYillianm Idistory, T. ; algebra, L.; geometry, L.-St. Patrick's College, Goulbun. curilmw, Arthr Francia: English, L. ; French, L i Latin; .; Grec, H.i; algebra, L'.--Sydney Grommar School. Doyloe, Janms: EnglishL, L. arithmetic, L.; algebra, L. ; geometry, L.-St. Patrik'eo College, Goulthuro. Edwards, Honry Vassall: History, L. ; Enimlish, Ii.; Freoh;, H.; Latin, H.-Oakhmlads, RIittsgoumg. Fuller, SydUney Hoarth : Histoury, L. geograjmphy, L. ; aritlnra tio, .; geometry L..-ioulburnm public so ool. biuruoer, Oswuld Hubert: IIiotory, H. ; English, L. ; arith. metie, L.; ilgebra. L. ; gcometry, L.--Goulburn Grammur School. Gowlhaud, John Vaucourer Hichardo;: History, L. ;Einglish, L. ; physics, L. Oaklands, Hittagong. Gray, Horace lcgionald: H1istory, L.; geography, H.; Eimglish, L.; arith. muetin, .--Chireh of Hmmglaud Grammar Shiool, Atlhry. Harbin, Charles; Hiotory, L.; French, fi..; Latin, L. ; Greol;, f. ; St. matrie mu College Goulbnern. Homyden, Ernest: French L, Latin L.; geomnetry, L,--St. Patrick's Collcge,eoulbutii Kelly, Fanny Amehias: rench, L.i gograplhyi L ihistory, L.-- Qmeanboynu public schmool. Lomm, John Fel. rdin and : Gmoetry, H.; algebra. it" orltm?omtc, H. ; gcology, L.-.Goolmnn ?o GraLm'ar School,--H\Ze Hellar, Robert Liolsay. History, I,.; algebra, L.; geomotry, L.--Qcnoheuyos public. school. • Nosis, ?"seod: H~ietery, L.; Englsh, L.; Freoch, L. ; Latio, L.; gomctry: II.-St. Patrick's College, Goulburo. PUino, John Jaocson: History, H.; geography, L.; Englioh, L. ; Latin, L.; arithmoetic, 1.; geometry, L.--COurch of Eng. Iod Grammar School, Albruy. Saddiogtou, Artlor Grahamo: History, L. ; Englisb, L.; French L. Latin, L. ; Greek, L. ; aritlmctlic, H.--Sydcey Gurammar School. Waloh, William : History, H. geography, L. arithmetic, H.' geometry, H-St. Patrick's College, Golulborn. W?hite, Patrick'? io. ohela: Hiotory, II. Holgliob, I., Fre~ouch, 11.; Latin, H.; Greek, H.; orithmetic, L. ; gcometry, L.-St. Patrick's College, Gonlbuor. The followiog obtanoed silver medalsR .fOr special subjeCts:- Hiistory: White, Patrick IKinchela, St. Patrick's College, Goulburno; Gray Annie Elizabeth ; Iiviere College, Woollabra. Aritlnmetic: Lemm, John| Ferdinand, Goulborn Grmmsar School; Wileon, Claude, Nowvingtoa College. Number of candidatos sol presented themselves, 8912; ncmber who pasted 281.. Troun Wcoenn.-For some dnays past the weatloher has boeen of thie ardount characteor appropriato to Ohristmas in Australia. The tempcerature rose min Goulburn on thle 22ud instant to 89*8 in the shado; on the 23rd to 98; on tile 24th to 9995; on Christ mns day it reached 102-1, tbe highost point yet re corded this season. On Monday the mnaximum was 98.5; and in the afternoon a thunderstorm occurred, extending over a large area of country. Theo storm was of a violent character, with heacvy rain, accompanied in some localities wnith largo hailstones. In Goulburn, in the space of less than an hour, about three.quarters of an inch of rain fall. This cnuscd some inconvenience to plcasoro seekers, and lhas done some damage to the hay, but upon the whole will te of great booenefit. It had the offect of makling thle air minoch pleasanter for a ofort time; but yesterday was another very hot doy, thle maximum temperature in thlo shade being 03, with a violent wind blowing, and appearances of anothor storm approaching. Last night tlero wnas a bush-fire in tl:o paddock known as rookls's or in that adljoining. DEATH OF MR. A. G. de LAURET.—On Saturday last expired at his residence Wynella, near Goul burn, Mr. A. G. de Lauret, a very old resident of this district, who though latterly from failing health seldom before the public notice, was for years an active member of tle bench. Mr. de Lauret was a native of France, and when a young man he held a position in the court of Charles X. Whether this be so or not, he was a staunch legitimist, and never favoured the revolutionary views of many of his countrymen. After the fall of Charles X, Mr. de Lauret went with others his compatriots to Eng land, whence he eventually arrived in this colony somewhere about the year 1840. He was for a long time superintendent for Sir C. Nichclson and Mr. Lithgow in the estates of Kenmore near Goulburn and Currendooly near Goulburn, the latter now the property of Mr. P. H. Osborne. On the sale of those estates, Mr. de Lauret became the purchaser of Wynella, formerly the property of the late Mr. D. H. Thorn, by whom the house was built. Here Mr. de Lauret resided up to the time of his death. The deceased gentleman was a magistrate from twenty-five to thirty years, and fulfilled his duties with more than ordinary intelligence. He was fond of discussing political and social subjects, and he early attained a sufficient command of the English language to enable him to express his views with force and effect. Mr. de Lauret was about seventy-three years of age, and has left a widow and a family of three sons and six daughters; of the latter three are married—one to Mr. Arnold, clerk in tihe parliament, another to Mr. Surveyor Dalglish, and a third to Mr. Surveyor Atchison. AcCIarnT AT Nonwoon.-An occidont happened on Sunday morning last to a nophew of Mr. Gate good of Norwood. The lad had come down from Temora to spend the Christmas holidays, and on Sunday morning wont for a ride, taking what hi nsupposed to be a quiet horse. From some cause however thie animal began to buck and throw his rider with great force to the ground, fracturing his collar.bone and injuring one of his legs. Dr. Davidson wrs immediately sent for, wvho reduced the fracture and left the patient progressing favourably. GonLauno HoorerrL.-Mr. G. Bloot, contratohr for the South-Western railway eotension, oas pro sented to tie Goulburn hospital through Mr. John O'Brien of tho Imperial Hotel, Auburo-street, a chequo for too pounds to defray oexpeses incurred in tho case of Potricb Donollon, whoso leg was amputated some short time since, and whoso injurieos were received whilo worting on the above extension. A numbor of donations in hind for the present seasono havo been received from vorious friends, and the patients have been well supplied in every particular. FIE.o-About half-post one yesterday smooho woo observed issuing from the roofs of two two-storied Ihouseo occusied by Hr. Gashell end Mr. T. Hyan and situated near Gillespie's boot-factory in Ahubor street. Tho Messro. Hioes junior, Mr. Mansfield, and a few other persons in tho neighborhood by lashing two ladders together manoged to get on to tho roof of Mr. Kingsoell's louso next door and from tlience to the roof of the buildings threateord, and water was passed up from Mr. Gashelt's nix-cuondred gallon tanic. It was found necessary to strip oil part of thu ridgecapping and to cut a hole in tlie roof end tales water inside, and by these means tice was very shortly atinguishced. Tte dhsmnge is 5niu.~7~~ 'eL9..,ucvanmiuntioniiohassa iaed atso slightly caught, this boiseg in a lion fros lice frst-coneod elcimney to thue roof wicero the flames were first observed. Thu fire-boll seas rung, but it was nuver a gesd ens and to now inaudible beyoesd a very short distance. Tho carlo of M~esoro. Hodges aced Smith, litessed seater- carriers, woro in altond. ance. One of thu ongines was rather tardily brought out, but got only half-way when, probably because tisoro wes ecu longur any dangor, it was tahon no iserthler. The weather seasvery hut evith a strong wind blowing, and if lth smolts bad not boon seen immediately, the buildings must inlallibly have been destruyed. Tioy ecuthe icroperly of M~r. T. Hyase, and aeu insured fer ifififi seith ties tNsrli Brilisie ased Mercantile offico. The furnituro of the occupants is not tusured. 0t,5000ItA I5 GoJ-eOnOUN.- On Christmns eve Ahburu.strcet presented a busy and animated scene. ite various shop windows were filled with an attrec. tivo display of goods and thie establishments bril liantlyllightod, while the fronts of thle verandal? woro dressed with grocn boughs, and flags woro fly ing heoro and tboro. Thoro was a great crowd of proplo during the ovoning, and a large amount of business was done. The railway station was made gay with bunting and foliago, and throughout tho holidays has worn a busy aspect. Tho passenger tru.fi ha boon olargo, tho numbers booked considcr. ably oxcooding those of Iast year. On Suoday, Christmas Day, tho various places of worship in tho city wore tastefully adorned, and services appro. priato to tho soeason were hold before large congroga. tions. Monday and Tuosday waor observed as holi days, the places of business being closed. Athletic sports were hold in the Agrioultural Society's grosnd on Monday and the programme being interrtpted by the weather, was concluded on Tuesday. Tho St. Clair Opera Tronpo has been performing during tho Iholidays; and various sources of private amuso. mont have contribueted to the observance of tho sea s;on. Many persons from a distanceo haveo been presentin tho city, whilt numbers of Goulbumr people havo taken the opportunity to visit Sydney and other places. Tho weathor has been very warm during the holidays, vanried by a heavy thunderstorm on MIonday afternoon, which interfered with the en joymont of pic.nio parties and others, but without doing any very serious damage. .ouLn~ooN HEOALD A~AUoAC ron 1882.--With this issue wo present to our snascribers, tho Goul. burn Herald Almanac for 1882. It has boon pro pared with great care, and, besides the calendar contains a variety of useful local information hardly to be obtained elasewhere. a IonnoiiY.-A robbery took place early on ,onday morning last, at Mrs. Chiotao's boarding.houso it Auburn-.street. It would appear that a young man named Samson Berwiok, residing in the house, who had loft for Sydney by tho thirty minutes past one o'clock train, had loft the door open; some thioves wont in arid walked into his bedroom and took away his trunk, which was found afterwards by two boys in the creeook between Conolly's and Hayes' mills. They immediately gave information to the police, and constable Pratt went down to tho place indicated and found that tho box imad boon bored wtlh an nugar, as thero wore four auger marks along side tiolock. Tih contents of thle box, consisting of books, lettors, &o.;, were strewed about thoe round, and in somo of tho books ho found £11 in notes. tIe at once removed the box and contents to tho watch-house. Until tie return of tho owner, it can hardly be known what property han been stolon. ELECTOI.AL lloLL FeOn 1882. -Yostorday -Sonior sergeant lonton, Constable Coohrano, and Constable Drummond wero appointed by tho bench to collect the electoral roll for 1882 for the city of Goulbnrn. DANoEInOUS ASAULTr.-A drunken fraas took plnco yeslterday morning betweeon a man named John Lamb and his wife, who live in Marsdon'o lane off Auburn-strcot. Shortly afterwards as the woman was pooling somo potatoes for dinneor Lamb camo in, canuglt hold of a knifc, and throw it at her. The weapon struck her on the arm, causing a largo wound. A warrant for the assault was applied for yesterday and granted, and tihe case will probably come on at the polico court this morning. INQUEST.—An inquest was initiated on Saturday last by Mr. Betts, coroner, at the Goulburn brewery, touching the death of William Kearns. A jury was empanelled who viewed the body. No evidence was taken, and the inquest was adjourned until this afternoon at four o'clock, at the court-house. The deceased was interred on Saturday afternoon. 