> News and Notes. Two Gold Mbdals awakded 1 American Waltham Watches ; I the only medals awarded to Exhibit ors. of WatcheB Melbourne Interna- f tional Exhibition, 1880, All genuine ; Waltham Watches have the trade mark, . " Waltham, Mass.," engraved ) on the plate of the watches. | The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled ' Milk, 2d. 124-and 126 Bourke street, ) opposite Waxworks, ; We notice by announcement else where that Mr E. Davis, who has so | successfully managed Muskett's book . and stationery business for the past: ' six'years, has now taken the same in- | to his own hands. He has opened up . a Bplendid stock of fancy goods, &c;„ " suitable for presents. He has also an I assortment of over 20,000 of French's acting editious of Plays. Opera House . ' tickets (D.C, excepted) can also he " ) obtained at this house. . The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our ) advertising columns that kilting and . quilting , in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode- rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. . They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, I which are on sale at the same depot. I Matrimony. — Never were such . great advantages held out to Young people te marry as the present. A ) comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon I Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you ' to pay him say five shillings per week ) out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you ' require to build up a home Why I delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. ' Gem Portraits The young lady I who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has ' Bince been identified through a gem I portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- 1 prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- i street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one 1 that was taken at his studio about a i month ago. 