COUNTRY LETTERS (From our own correspondents.) BUNBURY, March 14th. The excessive heat referred to in my last still continues. Bush fires are destroying large quantities of timber in various localities, and one of these conflagrations almost destroyed a homestead at the Blackwood, completely des- troying a magnificent stack of hay, the out- houses and stables, belonging to Mr. Mark Padbury, in addition to two valuable brood mares, one of which was an invariable prize- winner, for years past, at our annual shows. The poor animals having been secured in the stables, and no one being at hand to rescue them, perished in the flames. A young man at Dardanup, named Michael Goonan, has been suddenly rendered powerless by paralysis, which I understand is attributable to solar influence. The want of water is beginning to be felt, and many wells in town are becoming ex- hausted. The knights of the willow still bid defiance to Sol's enervating powers, and on Saturday last played a match with a Brunswick eleven which resulted in a more signal victory for Bunbury than usually accompanies their successful ex- ploits, the defeat of the Brunswick eleven be- ing achieved under a molten sky in the Bun- bury eleven's first innings Mr. Leipschitz was charged last week at the police court for that he, not being the holder of a license nnder the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sale Act, did sell to Mr. Lawrence, of Picton, on the 1st February last, one cask of colonial wine, in contravention of the ordinance. The de- fendant, an aged man, evidently failed to recognise the immediate danger of his position, and was lamentably unprepared with rebutting evidence. The sale was admitted, and the de- fendant to some extent relied upon an obsolete Act, repealed Under the amended ordinance, legalizing the sale of not less than 25 gallons without a license. He, however, produced a document signed by a Mr. Jno. Weedon, vine grower and license holder of Fremantle, ap- pointing him his agent for the sale of the wine in question, and a conversation between Mrs. Lawrence and the defendant at the time of the sale corroborating this view of the case. The Magistrate, after a lucid exposition of the law on the subject, and forcibly impressing on the defendant his narrow escape from conviction, dismissed the case. The approaching races are monopolising our attention just now, as some spirited contests are anticipated. The financial position of the club is good, admitting of quite the average number of events for competition. " Genuine tips " are freely offered, but as no one is a pro- phet in his own country, I reserve mine for realisation. Apropos of the races, I regret to chronicle an accident which happened to a very promising horse named Defender, the property of Mr. Naylor. Having been improperly secu- red in his stall, he got entangled in his halt- er, and sustained such injuries as to necessitate his being ' scratched.' The regulation stay of the mail steamers under the new contract quite enlivens our town with a periodical influx of visitors, and is a great boon to those having business transactions with the vessel. Our jetty presents a scene of quite an animated appearance. The Victoria sailed last week laden with timber for Adelaide on Mr. M. C. Davis's account. The same gentleman has also the Odelisk in harbour load- ing for the same port ; and the Phoenix, under charter to the new timber company, is also alongside the jetty. - GERALDTON, March 15. My communications of late, have been, like angels' visits, few and far between. For some time past I have allowed mail after mail to take its departure without remitting you my cus- tomary budget of Geraldton news, and town and country gossip. I must apologise for this seeming neglect, and promise better things for the future. The stock subject for correspon- dents,-the weather, affords a fitting item to recommence with. It has been intolerably hot during the past week ; land winds have, with slight intermission, been incessant, and, to make matters worse, there have been an unusual number of bush fires in and about the vicinity of Geraldton. Our amateur performers have, I am in- formed, other plays in rehearsal and intend, ere long, making another exhibition of their pro- ficiency in the histrionic art. Their very com- mendable and disinterested efforts to supply ns with innocent and rational amusement deserve more general appreciation than is now bestowed on them. In the last performance, marked im- provement must have been noticed by all im- partial critics, both in the rendering of the plays and in the stage appliances and scenery. If this troupe continue to improve in the future, as they have dene in the past, they need have nothing to fear by a comparison with the me- tropolitan Thespians or any other dramatic company in the colony, nor need they be alarm- ed, at the threats that are said to have lately been made by the observant editor of one of our local prints. An effort is once again being made to resus- citate the Victoria Cricket Club. A meeting was held a short time back with that object in view, when the financial condition of the club was discovered to be most unsatisfactory. Once the serious liabilites in which it is now involved are removed, no doubt a better state of things would shortly be brought about. An infusion of new blood too, with a thorough reorganiza- tion is desirable. The Geraldton, or rather the Victoria, Club should be the best in the colony, and doubtless would be, if anything like system were adopted and maintained. A friendly game was played here on Saturday last, the sides being composed respectively of civilians and Volunteers, all members of the club, the former being captained by Mr. Vernon Birch and the latter by Captain Shenton. The result proved in favor of the civilians, who won by 5 runs. The playing all round was above the average, but a manifest want of practice was noticeable in every department of the game. On Saturday, the 5th instant, the Rev. H. Laurence gave a free reading in the hall of the Working Men's Society, from the writings and speeches of Lord Macaulay. A fair number of hearers were present, and the pleasure of the entertainment was enhanced by some vocal and instrumental music which the rev. gentleman induced lady friends to contribute. On Friday last the Rev. T. C. Laurence delivered a lecture in connection with the Geraldton Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society, at Wesley Church, the subject being " Success in Life. ' Of course, as usual, a large audience went to hear this popular lecturer and, I need hardly add, did not leave disappointed. By the steamer to-day I noticed among the arrivals Mr. R. E. Bush, who, after a long ill- ness, has been making a tour in some of the other colonies, and, to judge from appearance, he has certainly been benefitted by the change. TOODYAY, March 19. On Monday last, Messrs C. E. Dempster and J. G. Leader left here with a large number of horses for shipment per schooner Iris to Mauri- tius. The amimals were of a fine useful stamp, and it is to be hoped that the account sales will show an encouraging result. Bushfire have been raging all around us for the past week, rendering the air oppressively hot, thus making it unpleasant for everybody and everybody unpleasant. On Wednesday, the 6th, a return cricket match was played at Northam between the Newcastle and Northam teams, resulting in another victory for the Newcastle eleven. So the quality of the grounds does not make quite so much differ- ence as the Eastern Districts Chronicle would have one suppose. The railway route is, of course, the all absorb- ing topic. This reminds me what a lot of down- right hard brain work " A Struggling Farmer" must have had, to arrive at the calculations shown in his letter appearing in yesterday's issue of the West Australian. For instance, he states that "one single ton of sandalwood or load of jarrah on Spencer's Brook line, would pay as much freight as 2,240 lbs of butter from Gingin." This is " quite too awful ;" there is no standing against such figures as these. It would not have looked nearly so well to have called the 2240 lbs, a ton also, would it ? But " A struggling farmer" is a little, out of his recokoning, after all, for butter is always charged at a higher rate than timber, and therefore a ton of timber would not pay so much freight as a ton, or 2,240 lbs, of butter would. 