COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. (Bt Electric Telegraph.) (FROM ODR-OjVN CORRESPONDENTS.) Couc, March 22. Great bush-fires have been burning all day in the forest in the neighbourhood of the south and east of Colac. The whole country between Geraagamete and Morion is full of fires. Yesterday ores broke out at a pad dock known ss Moylau's, at Yeo, and burned a quantity of "division fencing on the pro perties of Messrs. Bauds, Lawior and others. This tire was- not extinguished until this tnoroing.'and just before it Was got under a fire broke out in the paddock of Mr. Kettle, hear the t-ownship of Birregurra, and is still burning. Fires are still burning on the Loutit Bay track. A fire occurred at Air. Armytage's property yesterday, and did much damage on the property of Messrs. Keating, Barr, and others. Another fire broke out on the Alonnt Pleasant estate, and .burned 800 acres of grass on the adjoining estate of Air. J. -F.- Strachao, at Mount Gellibrand. The fires in the forest will not be hurtful -unless they spread. Thou on the grass lands have chiefly damaged fencing, as the grass was short. The rabbits have been found roasted in some places. So many fires have not been seen at one time in the district for several years. Several of them are ' undoubtedly caused - by incendiaries. The weather has been very hot, the thermo meter standing at 93 in the shade in this township, whirii is protected from the north.. .irindbytheJake.. -.. -j. . . „ r. . „ v Marcb 22. Afire occurred yesterday on the farm of Air.. D. Mnnro, in the parish of Toorak, whicb resulted in thn loss of some stacks of straw and hsy, Some outbuildings were also destroyed, and his bonce and sheep narrowly, escaped. . .Serious bush-fires have been burn ing in "the" Cahimut neighbourhood, particu larly on the laureany estate. - The Rev. .Mr. Alexander, formerly of Bright, was yesterday inducted as Prraby- "tenui Tmbiata' of -Hie Alortiake, Hexham, and Woomdoo nnited charge. WaRBNAHBOOn, March 22. Bobk Bltir Briford was charged as an ab sconding forger from Adelaide at the police ooprt to-day; aid remanded to hriboorne far. the Governor's "extradition warrant to Ade- iaide. . He prooeeds to-night per steamer in chaige of Jjiile, aoting-emgeant in the Ade laide etecrive force. The weather ib very hot. There are bush fires to the north and east of WarrnambooL PotatoeeSue rallying again ; 32s fid per ton is freely given, and there is a good supply. Already this week four steamers have left with huge cargoes for Melbourne, Adelaide. ndjSydney. - At JelJy and Sti' Quintin's monthly land sale to-day there were very good signs of the times improving. There was a large attend ance, ana the biddings were spirited ; 165 acres, near "Woodford brought £14 per acre j 148 acres in the same locality, £8 10s per. acre better prices than have been realised tor a long time back. 