COUNTRY NEWS. I [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (HOW ODE OWN CORBESroNDENTS.) FLINDERS, SATDKDAY. Buah-firet bave been very prevalent throughout the diatnct for the last three days, causing much damage to fencing and loss of grass. Mr J. S. Adams, of Balnar- ring, waa nearly burnt ont, but with assist- ance and by great exertions managed to save bis house and outbuildings. All his paddocks were swept clean, and other places narrowly escaped. A chango in the weather tookplace to-day, with a thunderstorm and heavj rain this evening Consequently all apprehension of the firo Bpreading IB now allayed. KILMORE, SATURDAY. A rough washing up from 32 tons from tho Langridge olaim, Reedy Creek, yielded 820oz of amalgam. Tho crushing will continue another fortnight, with improved stone. The îeturn named ia the higheat for 20 yeara. SALE, SONDAY. At the ABBizes, yesterday, the jury in Teely'a case (for horse Btealmg), after being locked up for six hours, were unable to agree They were discharged, full bail being re- newed An application will probably bo made for a change of venue to Mel- bourne, OB tho next Salo Assizes will not be held till July. Tho following sentences were passed - John Scanlon, liorae ateahng, BIX montha ; James Tren bath, common aBBault, three montha , Robert Williamson, unnatural offence, three montha, Timothy Hogan, unlawfully wounding, six montha , Charles Morgan, a like offence, five montha 1 he Court then roao. After four days' intense heat, rain fell last night in considerable quantity, and a heavy gale has been blowing all day A correspondent at Kilmore reports that what might have been a serious accident was averted by the pluck of a young gentle man, Mr. 1. J Russell. Mr. J. Austin, who was out driving in a buggy with bia two young daughters, had occasion to get out of the vehicle, when the horses ran away. Mr. Ruaaell waa riding by at tho time, galloped after the buggy, overtook it, and jumping from hia horse, acrambled into it. He caught the rema and managed to reduce the apeed of the runaway horses The vehicle, however, came into collision with a post, but tho occu- pants escaped unhurt, except that Mr Russell received some injury to Ina ribs while climb- ing into the trap bajs the Horsham Times -" The damage done by the rabbita IB inc ilculable One farmer informs us that he had 27 acres of good crop, from which he took 12 bugs only, this being Mr C CbriBtinn, of Cannum. Another selector, nnd there ia a pathos in his story which should toui.li even the heart of a Minister of Lands, fella us that he lost 5s on every day be employed tho stripper, but ho could not bear to aeo the crop left to the vermin' Mr Aflletk informed our reporter that on his station he had had to Bend away G.OOO sheep out of 13,000 A few more thou- sands would ahortly leave, and the station, Lorquon, was now only carrying about 3,000, and there waa scarcely a bito for them. At the last Lowan Shire Council meeting a letter X?aS read, asking on the part of the Govern- ment how the rabbit exterminators supplied were working The secretary waa instructed to reply that they were very satisfactory, but that tho selectora declined their further use, as it was absurd to try to clear them off while the Crown lands were breeding grounds " The Warracknabeal correspondent of the Horsham Timri writes -" ihe rabbits will very soon take full charge of thiB part of the Wimmera at the rato they aro breeding if something is not done, and that at once, as no less than five more selectors have cleared out from Lake Oorong this laBt week, and from Dolical, which ia alao in the neighbour- hood of the mallee, they are clearing out wholeaale I know for a fact that three have left for ever, as they have taken tho iron off their houses, the wiro from the posts, and everything that waa useful they have carted away with them I have heard that one of the above baa lost £300 by hia selection, aa ho went to tho expensa not only to fence it in, but also fallow the land ready for a crop, but ho Bald that it would be tolly to put in the seed as the rab bita would devour it all ns fastas it came up It would be better for the Government to let the squattera have the mallee country for nothing than that so many noor families filiould be ruined 1 rom what I can leam thej do not want it for nothing, all they want is a reasonable lease, und I hive heard from Hie J'CSt authority that if tho Government will give them that the owner of the Like Corong station will guarantee, or give surety, that be will put on at once one hundred men for the express purpose of destroying the pestB, and keep the samo nu"v>,1pr of bands in his employ until tho pest is exterminateú , and he is also willing to be compelled to ¿pep so man} thousand sheep on the station or tho run, BO that if they hail 10,000 or 50,003 sheep on the run they would bo bound to destroy the rabbits " The country newspapers aro still recording bush fires We learn that "a large bush fire broke out near' Winchelsea on Thursday at midday, caused through one of the stone- breakers on the main Colac road not putting his fire out with enough caution, the result being that about 4,000 acres of grass on the Barwon park estate was consumed. A farmer named Atkins lost all his grass, and Messrs Mathison and Simmonds had a great quan- tity of grass land burnt. The Winchelsea cemetary had a very narrow escape, the fire coming to within a very few yards of the fence." The Kyneton Guardian reports that On Tuesday night Mr G. Taylor, of Piper's Creek, had two large wheat stacks destroyed by fire. Mr. Taylor's crop was one of the best in the district, and the value of the stacks burnt is estimated at £300, which was covered by insurance to the extent of £200. The police have made inquiries, but nothing has been elicited as to the origin of the fire. A number of swagmen are travelling the country at present in search of work, and are eager to take advantage of the shelter afforded by a stack, especially on a night so cold as Tues- day, and it is possible that to the criminal carelessness of one of these the fire is due. On Friday morning a fire broke out on the farm of Mr Robert Rogan, at the Black-hill, by which his outhouses, homestead, stacks, & c., were totally consumed. The stacks were insured for a small amount in the South British Company, and the buildings, imple- ments furniture, & c., were insured in the New Zealand Company for £250. On Thurs- day night two stacks of wheat belonging to Mr Thomas Morgan, of Barfold, were burnt. They were on a farm rented by him, adjoin- ing the property of Mr. Watson, Greenhill. The fire broke out about midnight, and before morning the stacks were totally de- stroyed. We understand that in this case also the farmer had been wise enough to in- sure." 