COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. [From our own Correspondents.] GLADSTONE, January 3. To-day was observed as a close holiday. Numbers of persons went to Port Pirie for ex-<*> cursion trips on the water. A rifle match was fired here between the Laura and Gladstone rifleaten, the home team beating the visitors by SO point*. The scores were:—Gladstone, £90; Lanra,-610. Several person* have visited the scene of the fin at Wirrabara. FABBBLIVS FLAT, January 8. Afire broke oat on Saturday last in a wheat paddock, the pmpeitj of Mr. Fmanigan. LuekOy ttienvMcnly a slight breese at On time, and ■tsismace soon beta* at hand^me flames were got under after burning about two acres. SNOWTOWN, January 3. A awn named James Thomson, who has been in tbe employ of Messrs. Maslin & Sons for over twenty years, rod has been lost since Saturday Bight* was found dead this" axorning in a well about one hundred yards from tbe hotel at Salt Ltka, The man feft the hotel at about 11 o'clock on Saturday night. Mr. George Maslin sought for him until late on Sunday night, and eammeaced to drag the wells this morning. The well he was found in is 45 feet deep, with 15 feet ef water. An inquest will be held to- I morrow. MAITLAND, January 3. The annual athletic sporto took place to-day, and wen a success. A man named Samnel Edwards has been .fined £3 10s. for resisting the police and on two other charges. The weather is fine and cool. AUBUBN, January 3. A Cricket match was played here to-day between an eleven of the Norwood Club aad an Auburn sixteen, and it resulted ina victory for tbe visitors with 42 runs to spare. The scores were Norwoods 84 runs, Auburn 43. Very pleasant weather was experienced, anl there was a large attendance of spectators. PORT GERMEIN, January 3. On Friday morning four cases of drunken ness and disorderly conduct were heard before the Police Court, and in each case the persons charged pleaded guilty, and were fined accord ingly. A. Crittenden was charged under the Bushfires Act with lighting a fire in an open place, contrary to the above Act, whereby valuable property was endangered. He pleaded guilty, and was fined £2 and costs, 10s. The Mary Jane Anderson, the first vessel direct for Port Germein, arrived yesterday from Western Australia, laden with timber for the jetty. She is to discharge her cargo at the head of the jetty. Great inconvenience is felt through the Bank of South Australia being so far away from the principal business places, and also the inade quacy of the building for the transaction of business. During hot weather the heat in the bank is almost unbearable. On Thursday last it registered 140 during a part of the day. It is hoped that the directors will endeavor to obtain a more convenient business site. A large bushfire is again burning in the Flinders Range. The weather is very agreeable. A. French chemiet asserts that he has couceeted a substance by means of which tenants in Inland or elsewhere who will not pay their rente may be evicted without difficulty and without the expenses attendant on legal proceedings. The mixture (says the St. Jama's Budget) is in the form of a powder. A small quantity of it, sprinkled before sunrise on parts of the land adjacent to the tenants dwelling, will render it absolutely impossible for any hnwian bring ixt ffi>i"i? within h^f a anile of the ■pot when Ute sprinkling has taken place for atlewtssrendaya, when the procass should, if neseaury, be repeated. The effect of the powder is to produce violent nausea and other feelings of to uaeoorfoctable a kind as to bo quite nnbearaMe. It is, however, not dangerous to life, and produces no in juntos effects on eatUe. The chemist offers, for a consideration, if the Great Powers and the Sultan approve, to settle the DuldgnodifiScaltyinMhonrsbymeansof his powder. He undertakes that the pUwe ahall be vacated by the Alhaniana in that time, and fit far occnpatfon by the Montenegrins 10 days later. Under arrangements be ia making, Iruh landlords will soon be able to buy the powder at apy respectable chemist's shop in Dublin at a reasonable price. Land leaguers will, he thinks, also find it useful for the purpose of getting rid of obnoxious agents. If used im partially and in sufficient quantities it might, indeed, secure aome very striking and unex pected results. 