) News and Notes. . This evening the first of a ' series of Boema Concerts, prior to the ) departure of that talented lady for Europe, will be given in the Mei- ' bourne Town Hall, for the benefit of ) Signca Agnes Palma. Madame Gab- riolla Boema, Signora Agnes Palama, ' uirs. Lupton, aignon neanaro uoy ) and Rafi'aelc Steffani and Mr A. Zel- man are the Dames advertised for the ' first concert programme. I Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that. he hrs removed his music studio to 1 those handsome premises situate near , Russell-street in Latrobe-strect, where there is a large hall aud every con venience for students of the vocal art. American Waltham Watches were awarded the Only Two First Prizes at the Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher awards than any other Exhibitor of Watches received. The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, opposite Waxworks, —v&irfrfy; We feel it our duty to call attention to the New Davis Vertical Feed Sewing Machine, which has carried off the only first prize at- the Mel bourne International Exhibition. Some of the competitors, however, were not satisfied with the awards, and protested. The Experts, how ever, upheld the decision and. gave the first prize, for their . Family Ma chine and the same for Hand. Messrs W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth street, are the sole agents, and in tending purchasers and those interest ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines. We have received from Mr P. G. Hivnti nomnloo r»-P nn/lanrnfAsi mo/l/i from water specially brought from Mount Macedcn, The sodawater is excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- cernable in sodawater or other cordials made from the filthy Yan Yean, We have also received from Mr Dixon a sample of the Mount Macedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, after having for some time to put up with the beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Portraits. — The young lady, who, while out sketching near Lorne, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of Lhe Gem Studio, Collius- street cast, opposite Age Office, bas since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigoreue," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer, It is a pleasant sparkling drmk, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It should prove a very desideraturq to the teetotal; community especially.' The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people to marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and lie will give you in return whatever furniture yoti require to build up a hoqie Why delay ? Go and see Mr H. Alarks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. A Fortune for Ten Shillings. — . We would direct the attention of our readers, to the valuable prizes offered by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 31st inst, The published list of gentlemen who have kindly -consented to superintend the drawing \- ;is a sufficient guarantee to the public that everything will be carried out on the great Masonic Principle — " on the square." To those who believe in the old proverb — Nothing venture no thing have — should lose no time in securing their tickets, which may be had at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-street east, Mr Burbank, Dentist, 99 Swanslon- streot, has received by the American Mail, some useful and superior de signs for the manufacture of Artificial Teeth. Patients need no extractions, and can wear Artificial Teeth without the inconvenience of fastenings. We have received a cony of a new pamphlet called Pagliano, Medicine for Fathers of Families, -yr everyone his own' and Children's Doctor." It emanates from Florence, Italy, where Profnssor Girolamo Pagliano has written the book to relieve the human race, and instruct the people in prac tical medicine. With his Pagliano Herbal Syrup he treats the blood, and so aims at the root of disease. A i number of testimonials are given from sufferers who have benefitted by this ' remedy. This truly marvellous raedi- | cine can be had from . Mr Evar.s, Chemist, Evans' Medical Hall, 92 Stephen- street. Mr Evans has im- | ported the medicine direct from Pro fessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish- ' ment, Florence. The books of in- < struction are published in English, at the express wish of Mr D, Evans, the ' only ones imperted here in that lan- ( guage — Price with pamphlet 5s. or stamps by letter, address D. Evans, ' Evans' Medical Hall, Stephen-street. ( Mr Evans has received an Invoice of No 1 Triesmar (by royal Icr.ters patent 1 of England). This celebrated ' Medi- ' j cine is in the form of a Lozenge, nnd as a sovereign Remedy for all Ner- i vous Disorders bas proved a great ' , success. 