THE passenger traffic between Sydney and Melbourne has assumed such proportions that it requires more attention than has been paid to it by the Governments of New South Wales aud Victoria. The extension of our Southern line to Gerogery has afforded such facilities to the public to travel overland between the two cities, that the seaboard has in a great measure been abandoned, aud hun- dreds of persons who twelve months back could not have spared the time then required to travel from one colony to another, now pass and re-pass several times within a few months. This sudden increase in the passenger traffic necessarily calls for an alteration in the mode of management, but, strange to say, none has been adopted. In any case, there is great room for improvement in the nude of working even existing regulations. The time allowed at the various platforms and stations varies from a few minutes to twenty, and passengers have a light to the full enjoyment of the time allowed, and if extra time can be spared they should have the privilege of that too. This, however, is not the case. The train arrives at a station where, we will say, fifteen minutes are allowed. The doors should be opened at once, and the passengers allowed the full time allotted them. It not unfrequently happens that fully five minutes are occupied—sometimes more—in checking. tickets, and the passengers thus obtain only ten minutes, or less, instead of iifteen, because the carriages are locked immediately the time arrives for starting. This happeus because the number of porters are insufficient to check the tickets of the increased number of passengeis now passing to aud fro. At other places, again, where, say, live minutes are allowed, the train arrives two minutes late j but the moment the time for starting is indicated the passengers are hurried in and the carriage doors locked; yet the railway officials will be seen hurrying hither and thither holding con- and examining documents for minutes before the train starts. These arc patent to all travellers in both and they should not be allowed to The climax of mismanagement, was reached upon Christmas Eve. ordinary train left Sydney on Thursday evening with a largo number of passengers booked through to Melbourne. It ought to have been apparent in the early part of the week that more than ordinary accommodation and hauling power would be required for this journey, yet it is certain that provision was not made to meet the emergency. The engine power was wholly inadequate to propel the train at a speed to meet the time-table, and even at Picton, it is reported, tho train was twenty minutes late; yet nothing was done, and the train reached Gerogery two hours late. Six coach-loads of passengers thus reached Albury covered in dust, fatigued after a long journey, and only to discover that the Wodonga train had left long • before they had reached Gerogery. Being Christmas time, the town was crowded with visitors from the country, and nearly every available bed in the lxotels was occupied. It was pitiable to see these people—among whom were many ladies— sitting on chairs or on their luggage under the Globe verandah, not knowing whether they would be taken on to Melbourne by special train or able to find accommodation in Albury till the morning. Some of the passengers subscribed £70 among them, and purchased a " special" from Melbourne, which started with some forty or fifty of them during the night This state of things is not creditable to either colony. "When it was discovered on our lino that the train could not possibly reach Gerogery in time to catch the Wodonga train, surely the railway officials should have communicated with the head of the department, who could have telegraphed to Melbourne to delay the Wodonga train, or have a special in waiting; or, Victoria, finding the Sydney train late, could have inquired the cause and made provision to meet the emergency. Nothing, however, was done on either side. The whole affair reflects discredit on the railway management of both colonics. FOB some weeks past the Government have been endeavoring to obtain a supply of water for the use of the engines at the Albury railway terminus by means of sinking a well close to the goods-sheed. There is no doubt but that the supply to be obtained from this source would prove amply sufficient for the purpose named, but whether tho water is suitable for steam purposes is a question which remains to be proved. The works, we believe, have now come to a standstill. It is to be hoped that the Government, instead of squandering any more money in endeavoring to obtain water by sinking in the immediate neighborhood of the station, will at once proceed with the necessary works for procuring a supply from the Murray at Muugabareena, from whence a copious and reliable supply could be obtained. It is now some nine months since a sum of £250,000 was voted by Parliament for supplying certain towns with water—Albury amongst the rest. The Government then knew full well that water would be required for railway purposes on the completion of the line, and we think they have displayed a very shortsighted policy in not having attended to the matter sooner. If the Government had undertaken the work of supplying the town of Albury with water, the railway station could have been served from the same source at a small annual cost. The Municipal Council aud the inhabitants have k eeil urging the Government for some time past to proceed with the water-works, and now that the plans are ready we can see nothing to prevent the town of Albury being supplied with water from Muugabareena in about three months' time. ALBUBY HOSPITAL.—Inouradvertising columns will be found a list of subscriptions collected on behalf of the above institution. CROWH LAND SALE.—At the land sale on Wednesday there was only one lot to be offered, viz., lot A, portion 14, parish of Gleuroy, containing 400 acres. It was not bid ior, and is now open to selection at £1 per acre. KOMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOL, GERMAKTON.—A picnic was held in connection with the above on the school grounds on Thursday, the 23rd ult., at which all ki nds of sports and games were indulged in. An examination of the pupils took place in the evening, after which the prizes were awarded. PAYMENT OK INTEREST ON SELECTIONS,—We wish to call the attention of free selectors, and such of our readers as are interested in the matter, to the purport of a notice posted at- the Lands Office, to the effect that it is absolutely necessary to produce the last receipt when tendering a renewal ot interest or instalment. THE UNIVERSITY EXAMINATIONS.—The following candidates lor the recent University examinations, who were examined during the recent local examination in Albury, have been successful:— William George Acocks, Church of England Grammar School; Hola Florence Thompson, Model Public School. TOWONG AND TALLANGATTA TORP CLOB.—We direct the attention of racing men and others interested to the fact that the stewards of the above clab have now decided upon having two days' . racing at their annual meeting in February next. Tie amended programme appears in our advertising columns. SHEEP DIRECTORS.—By a notice in the Gazette of the 24th ult., eheepownere competent to vote for the election of directors for the sheep district of Albury are requested to meet at the courthouse, Albury, on Monday next, 3rd January, at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a sheep director in the room ot Mr. W. J. Lyne, M.P., resigned. ALBURY POLICE COURT.—At this court yester day, before the police magistrate, the case of Whittaker v. Whitfield was called on, but was again adjourned for a week. A case against — Riuk, for neglecting to carry weights in his cart when delivering bread was adjourned until Tuesday next, the constable who lodged the information being away on duty. THE WEATHER.-During the past week the weather has been hot and dry, although after midnight the temperature has generally lowered, with light cool breezes. Fahrenheit's thermometer gave the following maximum register m tbe shade during the seven days commencing on Friday 24tbf and ending Thursday 30th l)ecember, both davs inclusive 105 , 108 , 1U/ , -u , 91°, 98°, 108 Q —or an average ot' 102. CAUTION TO OWNERS AND DROVERS—Persons travelling with stock would do well to remember that a " delivery note " is not a " travelling statement," and that one will not answer for the other. By the Amended Sheep Act of 1878 there is a penalty of £25 for a breach of tbe conditions imposed, and the inspectors of stock have instructions to prosecute all persons found infringing the Act. URANA HOSPITAL.—The treasurer of the Urana hospital acknowledges receipt of the following donations :—Mr. R. Rand, £5 ; collected by same from shearers and others, £3 Is. lOd.; Mr. K. Findlav, Urangeline, £2; Mr. J. J. Wakley, Emu Plains, £10 ; collection V>y Rev. Mr. Adam, £2 3s. 3d.; per favor of Mr. D. M'Laity—Bundure Station, £10 10s.; collected from shearers and others, £18 2s. lOd.; a friend, £1 7e. 2d. RAINFALL AT COROWA.—We are indebted to the courtesy of Mr. S. A. Meyer, of tbe Midarro Vineyard, for the following particulars of the rainfall at Corowa during the year 1880 :— January, 0'98in. ; February, l'70iin.; March, 3-71 in.; April, 5-2l£in.; May,- l'68in.; June, l-89in.; July, 0'69in.; August, l'08m.; September, l*43in.; October, l*44in. ; November, l-37iin.; December, 0'63^in ; total rainfall for the year, 21*83in. The total rainfall recorded for the year 1879 was 21*96Mn.; for 1878,28'31iin. BUBRUMIJUTTOCK RACES.—A day's racing took place at Mr. Smithere' hotel, Burrumbuttock, on Monday, at which the attendance was good. The different events resulted as follows:—Maiden Plate—Little Swell, 1; Kitty, 2 ; Larrikin, 3. Bunumbuttock Handicap—Feathertop,l; L'Ami, 2; Comet, 3. Ladies' Purse—Servant, 1 ; Featbcrtop, 2 ; Larrikin, 3. Hack Race—Mignonette, 1 ; Lady, 2; Wait-a-while, 3. Hurry Scurry—Larrikin, 1; Kitty, 2 ; Nelly Bly, 3. Consolation Stakes—Comet, 1; L'Ami, 2; Toby, 3. COACH ACCIDENT.—An accident of a somewhat serious character happened to the coach leaving Deniliquin for Urana on Friday last. When about 10 miles from Urana something caused the coach to suddenly lift, which had the effect of throwing the driver—Charlie King, whose character for carefulness and sobriety is well known— off his seat on to the road, breaking his arm in two places, besides bruising his face. The horses, on finding themselves free, made off at a gallop, but owing to the pluck displayed by an inside passenger, who scrambled on to the box and then on to the pole, thereby securing the reins, no further damage was done. HAMILTON RACES.—The races advertised for Boxing Day at Hamilton, Yauko Creek, duly came off, and proved very successful, the attendance being lar§e, and good fields of horses competing for most of the events. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr. Jenkins' Angler, Mr. Hamilton's Try Again second, and Mr. Edinondson's Plover third. The Hamilton Handicap, of 20 sovs., was secured by Mr. O'Shea with After Dark, Mr. Trupp's horecs Tafl'y and Flight being second and third respectively. Mr. Howard carried off the Ladies' Purse with Plover, beating Mr. Trupp's Ada; Mr. Jenkins was third with Touiio. The Hack Race Jell to Mr. Hamilton's Try A-jain, Mr. Trupp's Ada .second, aud Mr. Eunis's Daikie third. PASTURES AND STOCK PROTECTION ACT 1880.— As there seems to be a doubt amongst small lioldere of stock as to whether it is necessary for them to send in returns of the number of stock they possess, we may state that if a person only holds one head a return must be sent in. We have had several enquiries on the subject from Mullengandra, Bowna, and other parts during the week, and in order to prevent persons from travelling all the way to Albury we have sent a few forms to Mr. Hiley at Mullengandra, to Mr. Palmer at Bowna, aud to Mr. Kruse, of Bungowannah, which forms, on being filled up, should be posted to Mr. Crommelin, Albury. There i6 no fee to be sent with the return. CHKIBTJIAS DAY SERVICES. — The usual Christmas service was held in St. Matthew's on Saturday, the interior of the church beiug very beautifully decorated for the occasion with flowers and evergreens. The choir rendered the musical portions of the service—notably, " Jackson's Te Deum " and " Jubilate "—with great feeling and evidently after careful practice, and their singing of the anthem, " Arise, shine, lor thy light is come," as well as throughout the whole service, was much and deservedly praised. The vicar took for his text the well-known appropriate words —" Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace." In the Roman Catholic Church, High Mass was conducted. The Rev. J. C. Macdougall preached in the Wesleyan Church in the morning at 7.30. ^ THE POSTMAN.—AS is usual on Christmas Day, JL. the post office opened for one hour for the de- ^A livery ot letters and newspapers, and the officials, except the postman, were thus allowed a holiday. From early in the morning till noon, Mr. Gleeson was seen on his usual beat, with a great bag of letters and newspapers, tramping from door to door in a broiling sun, with the thermometer at 100 degrees in' the shade. Had timely notice been given that letters would not have been delivered on that day by the letter-carrier, little inconvenience would have been experienced, as few people would have objected to call at the post office for their correspondence when it was for the purpose of giving the postman a holiday. It seeraB hardly fair that this obliging and haid- , worked official should not be allowed to enjoy the 0 ol^er member of the Government service* 6Ver^ CRICKET.—The Riveriua team'of CRIOW,™ who went to Melbourne ta i f f i S their first match against the Yarm E Club on Tuesday lit, and L l Z maS? The following are the individual scoS of the Eivenna team .-—First mninfr S_-nL„ Bayliss 9, M. J. MorauC, C. W i E ™ ^ Sweetland 21, J. P. Bliggy 29, R E h 4, j! Sf-T^, ^Mr mD - g0 ' Stanford 3, F. G Plunkettl, W. Manning 4, W. J. Holahan 2, P n totol l2r S / T l y 17 5 ^ndrien 1 1 ' .^r^1' Second Innings.—H. Bavlimi n C. Wilkinson 19, M. Sweetland7 j S S } H. Manning 0, W. Manning 0, VjenETw Ely Eagar 3; sundries, 4-total 52; grStotol' 181.. The Yarra Bend team, I ' o K S one innings, made 117 runs. We understand that a match has been arranged for Saturday, the 8th January, between the Riverinateam and an eleven selectedfrom the Albury club, to be played on the Albuiy ground. FIRST TEAK TO ALBURv.-On Tuesday last the first train from Sydney to Albury arrived aboutnoon at the gate-house close to the station. The tram was a special, and conveyed Mr. Goodchap, the Commissioner for Railways, several members of Parliament, Mr. Heaton, of Wright Heaton and Co., Mr. Smitb, of Compagooni's catering company, and about 20 other gentlemen. Mr. Goodehap stayed for a short time in the town, and then proceeded on his journey to Melbourne the object of his visit being, we believe, to admst the time-tables and make other arrangements so that the railway lines of the two colonies will woik in harmony when the Southern line opens P robabl y» ^ about a fortnight. The special left Albury on its return journey at 2 p.m conveying back the visitors and Mr. and M» Gillick. Mre. Gillick is the daughter of Sir John Eobertson ; she is in an extremely delicate state ot health, and had to be carried from the hotel to her carriage WODONGA RACES.—The races at Wodonga on Boxing Day may be considered as having passed off very successfully. A capital programme was presented for the entertainment of the public and competition of owners of horses. The prizes ranged from £60 to £5, and there were six races The weather was favoiable, there being a nice breeze blowing throughout the day ; the attendance was large, and the racing on the whole was good. The contest for the Wodonga Handicap was very exciting at the finish, and many ladies joined their more demonstrative gentlemen companions, and waved handkerchiefs as their special favorite seemed to have the contest in his favor. The usual concomitants ot a racecourse gathering —such as merr^-go-rounds, " over-and-under" men, &c.;—were present in full force, and all appeared to be doing a good business. The only thing which occurred to mar the day's sport was the fall of Towong in the Hurdle Race, by which his jockey was considerably bruised and shaken, but fortunately had no bones broken. Particulars of the racing will be found in another column. NARANDERA PPLICE CODEX.—At this court, on Tuesday, December 21, John Mullans was charged, on remand, with-perjury, the alleged perjury consisting in the prisoner having married one Mary Jane Smith, daughter of a publican at Narandera, under the name of Mary Ryan, and in swearing that the eaid Mary Ryan was 21 years of age. A charge of perjury was also preferred against Mary Jaue Smith in having married the prisoner Mullans under the assumed name of Mary Ryan, and in stating that 6he was over 21 years of age. Mr. J. L. King, the assistant registrar of births, deaths, and marriages at Narandera, deposed to having married the prisoners under the names of John Mullans and Mary Ryan, the female prisoner staling that she was the daughter of John Ryan, of Wagga Wagga, aud that she was 21 years of age. After the evidence of the girl's parents and that of the witnesses to the marriage, had been taken, both prisoners were committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions to be held at Wagga Wagga on the 4th March next. The prisoners were admitted to bail. SHOCKING AND FATAL ACCIDENT.—An accident of a very distressing and shocking character took place at the residence of Mr. Gracey, a free selector near Cumberoona, on the 23rd ult. It appeare that four little children were playing at a hayBtack, when one of them, a boy about 6 years of age, struck a match and held it alight till it scorched his fingers, when he suddenly threw it away. In a moment the straw commenced to blaze, and hurrying the younger children to some distance away from the stack, he ran screaming to give the alarm to his mother. Upon returning to the stack with his mother he inquired of his brother and sister where the baby was. This referred to a little boy about two years old. It appeared that the little fellow had ran back into the flames, and was burnt to death. A Mr. Kenneth M'Donald, hearing the screams, hastened to the spot, and succeeded in rescuing the body of the child, but it was burnt to a cinder, and one leg was completely burnt off. Mr. Maunsell, P.M., held a magisterial inquiry on the remains. People should exercise great care with matches under auy circumstances, and never allow them in the hands of children. OPENING OP THE RAILWAY.—Various rumors have been afloat during the past week as to the time at which the railway line to Albury will be declared open, but the whole of these rumors have had no foundation in fact. Nothing has been as yet definitely settled, but from all we can ascertain it is most likely that the official opening will take place about the third week in the present month. The demonstration committee have all their arrangements completed so far, and the Government has promised to communicate with them tho moment the time of opening is settled, and to give timely n'otice. The date of the demonstration will be immediately made public when it is fixed. The whole affair promises to be a success. The large goods-shed is to be used as a ballroom, and a platform 230ft. long and 30ft. S d e s S e X e d r n d u s e d «*/ banquetting riaees will JE"?' . Mar 1 uee8 railway earnestbJS L i i »ng rooms. The 8ervice as ret in S y d 4 consisting of and banouet nn<i engaged for the ball vanced ti thp U ?, f £l has ° b<*n add i n g the cost ST?* ^ ^ towards music the procLion ^r nu ^ ^ to head dirdtorrf Moore, M.L.S., and verv SndL ,L BOta 4 ni Cal Gardena 5 at Sydney has Cobnkl gLr^ ^ ' with the a PP«™l of the T h r i S " ^ . Superintend tie decorations. fnrmi„„ P n thc Southern line to Alburv Sasa^'erirS as 3 C E K S MJ&S;^ 1 T0 THE WHOLE COLONY collections at St. to the fn?i r c f h< lu Su . nda y last were devoted weathori?* the . Albu r r Hospital. Thc I t e Z P l T - ,r pr T ti0lls ' and 1 must have coUections. j?®J?ally with the attendance and wirS^ i S Bot^ mL ormn g and evening the heat . and this, together with the very S L ^ r S'Tf? i Q d d of the ^Pital, will E 1 1 the th a l thc collec,ion was not so S FZB AN T . LC, P ate f The vicar took for his S2morning and evening) the words from Aehemiah vrn., v 9 and 10-" This day is holy fat and Hrf/r ^ G w ° a - v 5 eat the for whnl k i?- e6W ? et attd 8end ' P° rti « 13 them Sainbifr^li L S P RE P ARED ." After expiMnmg the circumstances under which the words were originally uttered, the vicar said the text was specially suited to the season as well as to otto occasions. Christmas time was a season of ^joicing, and it was also a time when Christians m4e n m^pUrs joyed the "fat and the for that which was mxunous) did, more than at anv other season of „ ne W 8end portions to tliose for whom nothing was prepare^ The vicar, in alluding to th! i l l u f7 Hospital said that having visited it frequently for nearly nine yeare, he was in a position to speak with confidence as to its efficient management, and the great good it quietly and unostentatiously has effected. He remarked that tfiey were not asked to maintain the sick or aged m Albuiy; no one need envy the patients in any public hospital—to lie day alter day in a bed surrounaed by sick and suffering was no enviable condition ; they were only asked to give to those for whom, without their gift, nothing was prepared. The collections amounted to £9 5s. BUSH-WEES.—It is astonishing what a great amount of damage to property is done every year about this time by the carelessness of persons in the management of matches and fire. During the recent hot weather several large bush-fires arc reported as having taken place in various parts of the district. On Sunday a destructive fire originated in a portion ot the railway line adjoining Mr. Phelps's paddocks. It appears that a contract tor burning off the stumps and logs had been let out and the work had been completed, but a stump bad been left burning in Buch a way as to be alight for some time without being visible. From this some sparks must have ignited the grass, for on the evening mentioned, when a strong west wind was blowing, a Ere was observed to kindle and spread rapidly from the line towards the Sydney-road. Some two hundred acreB of grasspaddocks must have l>een devastated, the principal sufferers being Mr. Phelps and Mr. Keogh, whose grass and fences were destroyed, and Mr. Corbet, who sustained the loss of a shed by the fire. From Tabletop we hear that somewhere about 4000 acres have been completely denuded of grass lrom this cause. At Bethanga there have also been extensive lires, and for several nights some miles of burning fencing in that neighborhood presented a most peculiar sight to ( lie residents of Albury. It 8eeuis very hard to discover tho persons who set light to the grass in the first instance, or else the Careless Use of Fire Act is a dead letter. The penalty inflicted on delinquents is a severe one, and we append it for theintormaof all whom it may concern :—" Any person leaving any fire which he may have lighted or used in the open air before the same be thoroughly extinguished, is liable to a fine of .£10 or one month's imprisonment Fire cannot be lit or carried within twenty yards of a growing crop or stack of corn, pulse, or hay, or within three yards of any stubble-field or grass land, so that it injures or destroys any person's property. The fine is £50. We have a society that offers rewards for the conviction of all persons found stealing the stock of any of its members ; and a society offering rewards for the conviction of persons found offending against the provisions of the above-mentioned Act would have a deterrent and beneficial effect. AMATEDR DRAMATIC ENTERTAINMENT.—On Monday evening a number of amateurs gave a dramatic performance at the Exchange Theatre for the benefit of the hospital. There was a fair attendance of the public, but considering the object of the entertainment, and the attractive bill presented, it would not have been too much to have expected more. The pieces were the burlesque of " Lord Lovel and Lady Nancy Bell," and thc amusing farce of "A Model Husband." Lord Lovel was sustained by Mr. Collins, who acquitted himself very fairly. Baron Billy Bell, fattier of the interesting bride, found a worthy representative in Mr. H. F. Jackson. Rumtifoozle was allotted to Mr. W. H. Gilbert, and it is not too much to sav that he performed his part with very great credit, and his rendering was mach above the average performance of amateurs. He was well up in his part, always ready at the sound of his cue, and his action would have done credit to many a professional. Mr. Emanuel, as Lady Nancy Bell, was most interesting. Sadi and Madi, the two heavy brigands, looked simply perfection. The,dresse3 were excellent, and the proscenium and bit of scenery that have been added to the stage enhanced the effect considerably. The musical parts of thc performance were scarcely up to the mark, but this was necessarily I ' J ^ T ? 18 almost impossible to find amateurs who can afford time ^ "P Pa^ a burlesque, and practise the Sft S « J t ne time. The second M °l e , 1 Hu^and," was a great success. A very favorable feature in this piece was that two lady amateurs very kindly lent their services and discharged their respective parts of Mrs. r S Y T m f ^ M^ngton with very great £ i " i Qde £ d u lti8seldom that lady amateurs do so well. They never missed a cue, and they were quite happy with the business, treading the boards with so much ease that one is inclined to think this was not their first appearance. There is no reason why well- selected pieces, played for some charity, should be wholly confined to gentlemen performers, and we hope to see the example here set followed on future occasions. Mr. J. Cattlin was great as Simon Shanky, and Lrfe g u 0 f . t h e P art where he exposes Frederick Fitzblazington as a humbug, causing Mrs. Manrington to seek a chair and faint in it, was splendid, and brought th • house down with thunders of applause. Mr. Gilbert, as the henpecked husband, was again quite at home with his part; and without being at all stagy, did the business with great freedom. The performance was very loudly applauded throughout, and gave entire satisfaction. IMPORTANT TO BAKERS—At the local police court on Tuesday, T. H. Day and J. BIOWL- were fined 10s. each, and 4s. lOd. costs of court, for not having in their carts from which bread was delivered proper weights or other sufficient balance to weigh the bread. There are so many penalties to which bakers are liable under the Bakers Act as it is called, that we shall enumerate a few of them, for very likely many pereonsare wholly unaware of their existence. There are three kinds of bread allowed by the Act 6 William IV., No 1, viz.—Standard wheaten bread, household bread, and irnxed bread. Household bread must be marked H," and mixed bread " M ;" standard wheaten bread does not require marking. Any person using alum or any other ingredient bevond those allowed by the Act, is liable to a penalty of not more than J10 nor less than £2. Standard wheaten bread is "made of flour of wheat, which flour, without any mixture or division, shall be the whole produce of the grain, the bran or husk thereof only excepted, and which shall wei"h two-third parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it is made." Except French, fancy bread, or rolls, all bread must be sold in lib. 2lb., or 41b. loaves only, and must have been baked within the 24 hours preceding the sale. Any person can demand to have the bread weighed. For infringing these conditions the penalty is from £2 to £5. If mixed bread or lOUBehold - bread be ~—~ sold without the denominatueuuuioillmg letters, the penalty is 10s. for every pound of bread. The selling of bread on Sunday, except before 10 a.m. and between 1 and 2 p.m., is prohibited, as is the delivery of any meat, pudding, or other thing baked at the bakehouse, except between the same hours. People are also prohibited from taking to or from any bakehouse any pie pudding, tart, or victuals during Divine s^rvicc • the penalty is £1 to £3. Any baker or seller of bread neglecting to have scales and weights in his shop, or refusing to weigh bread if required, is liable to a penalty of £l to £5. Everv person carrying out bread for sale must be provided with scales and weights, and must produce them and weigh the bread if requested, under a like penalty. If any examiner of weights, or any constable authorised by warrant to search, shall find bread which has been baked within 24 hours to be light upon weighiug thc whole and taking the average the baker is liable to a fine of 5s. for everv ounce of bread lound to be light. There are mauy other provisions and penalties in the Act worth v o! consideration, but those giveu above arc the moat important. In nearly every instance it rests with, the offender to prove his iunocencc. If, for instance, the informant alleges that tho bread was not baked within the 24 hours preceding the time of Bale, the defendant must prove that it was baked within that time, &c.; JFEW YEAR'S DAY SPORTS.—We may direct the attention of our readers to the very attractive programme of sports offered by the Independent Order of Oddfellows, to take place to-day at the racecourse. The procession will start from the Market Reserve at 9.30 a.m. There will also be a dramatic entertainment at the Exchange Theatre in the evening. Sheehan's annual races at the Eight-mile Creek will commence in thc forenoon. A fine programme is also offered at Jerilderie. WODONGA POLICE COURT.—At this court last Tuesday, before Messrs. T. Reidy and J. O'Callaghan, J's.P., a young man named George Beresford pleaded guilty to stealing onions (about 2lbs weight), the property of Mr. M'Geoch. WATER SoppLr.—The Borough Council at Deniliquin are not asleep as regards the supplying of their town with water. • The following is from the Pastoral Times:—"Wc understand that Messrs. Hay and Wilson have been assured by the Minister for Works that the moneys available on loan for water-supply purposes will not be allowed to lapse at the end of the year, so that f''e Council will be able to borrow the money required as soon as they are prepared to proceed with the work. It is sincerely hoped that this is the last summer the inhabitants of the town shall be without this much-desired boon." RATEPAYERS' ROLL.—The general lists of raterayers entitled to vote at elections of the Legisative Assembly of Victoria, are now on view at the offices of the electoral registrars. In the Benambra electorate the lists may be inspected at Mr. Smarts office, Yackandandah; at Mr. Heaths, Corryong; and at Mr. Cole's, Bethanga. VICTORIAN CIRCUIT COURTS AND QUARTER SESSIONS.—The following dates have been fixed for the holding of courts in the Bolder districts • -Circuit Couite : Beechworth, Tuesday, 10th May. General Sessions : Beechworth, 17th Februaryand 18thJuly; Wangaratta, 11thMarch, 15th July, aud 9th December. ' r.u^TlT A girl has been admitted to the Wagga hospital suffering from centipede poisoning under somewhat peculiar circumstances. It appears she killed a centipede with a broom-handle, and that afterwards, when she was using the broom, the venom got into her hand and tlie virus spread through her system. LETTER BOXES.—It was understood some time ago that the post office was to be fitted with Yale letter-boxes, but so far no steps appear to have been taken to carry out this intention. It is to be hoped that action in this matter will not be long delayed. We notice that accommodation ot the kind has been supplied at the Bathurst post office, and from the local paper extract the following on the subject:—" Within the last few days a number of Yale letter-boxes have been fitted up at the post office, in place of the oldfashioned boxes at first put in. The Yale boxes are American inventions, and were introduced at the General Post Office some short time ago. They are each supplied with a door, and locked or uulocked from the outside. Each boxholder being provided with a key, can obtain his letters at any hour of the day or night, without applying to the official in the office. The boxes, which will be found very useful, are pretty in design, and give quite an ornamental appearance to the window in which they are placed. A USEFUL MEASURE.—We have received a copy of a bill recently introduced by Professor Hearn, in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, entitled "a bill to declare, consolidate, aud amend the law concerning the duties of the people." This measure consists, as the title implies, of a complete epitome of all the duties and obligations of which the law can take cognizance, of every man towards himself, his neighbor, and the community at large. Part I. treats of "absolute duties, or duties which do not relate to other persons." Under this heading is laid down the law with regard to suicide, marriage, birth of children, Sunday observance,licensed occupations, printing and newspapers, importation and exportation, labor, diseases of auiinals, dog registration, and the preservation and capture of game and fish. Part II. deals with duties relating to the person of others. The subdivisions under this head treat of duties relating to life, bodily harm, security, disposition of the dead, defamation, insults and threats, blasphemy, servants, property, criminal and civil remedies for breaches of duty in respect to property, summary jurisdiction, stolen property, copyright, patents, personation, forgeiy, breaches of trust, &c.;, &c.; Part III. refers to duties relating to the State ; part IV. to " accessory dutiespart V. to " Exculpation ;" patt VL to " Sanctions." Should the bill become law, a copy of the Act will be valuable as containing information not otherwise obtainable without hunting up a whole library of law books. URANA.—A cricket match was played at Urana on Christmas Day between eleven members of the Urana club and eleven gentlemen of the district, resulting in an easy victory lor the former team. The following are the scores:—Urana— First innings, 176. Country—First innings, 40 : second innings, 67 ; grand total, 107. CONVEYANCE OP MAILS.—Tenders for the conveyance of mails to and from Alburv, Thurgoona and Bowna, once a week, from the 1st February to the 31st December, 1881, will be received by the Government up to noon on Wednesday next the 5th January. ' J. G. DOUGHARTY AND Co.—This old-established and well-known firm of stock and station agents, which has been carrying ou business in Melbourne for upwards of a quarter ot a century, has been dissolved. The busiuess will in future be carried on by Mr. J. G. Doughavty, under hij own personal management, assisted In* a competent staff. TIMDKLI LICENSES.—Tlie Govanmcnt Gtcxt^-. of the 24th inst. contain* a list of the names of those persons who obUiined licenses to cut timber during the quarter ending 30th September last. The following names are given :—Albury—J Thurling, G. Sywar, W. Weeks. J. Smith, D! Harris, J. Bruni, F. Wealands, G. Barclay, W. Jackson, J. Smith, T. Jones, E. M'Sweeney, A. T. Johnston, J. Knobel. Corowa—M. Gallagher P. O'Brien, H. Lester, J. Hart, M. Tobin, J. Tobin and W. East. Tumbarumba—D. M'Kay w' Heaps, F.HusseU,W. Gayland, T. Olephant, j! Harris, J. Cowley, J. Webb, J. M'Lachlan, J. O'Meally, J. Power, W. Hill, Ah Luin. "PUNCH'S ALMANAC."—We have received a copy of Punclt's Almanac (Melbourne) for 1SH1. The number is fully up to the average of previous issues in point of artistic merit and fun, and no higher praise is necessary. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention :—Mr. L. Solomon will offer for sale at the Australian Hotel on Wednesday next, a 100-acrc farm at Brown's Springs; Messrs. F. and A. Piggin will sell at their mart, Corowa, on Saturday next, draught mares and waggonette; Towong Turf Club publishes list of nominations for Shire Handicap • usual meeting of Wodonga Building Society on Wednesday next; the proprietors of the Colombo sawmill commence work in a few days ; carpenter wanted ; bay mare lost from Burro wye, reward; Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co's usual fat stock sale on Wednesday next; clerk wanted, also a boy to milk; governess requires situation; Wodonga Shire Council invite tenders for works at Boneg^a 5 trespassers on Muller Bros.' selections at Walla Walla and Creighton are cautioned; W. C. Steel aud Co. hold their usual fat stock sale on Saturday next; the same firm will offer for sale by auction on Saturday, 15th inst., 12 valuable building allotments in Albury, also the property in Olive-street at present occupied by Mr. Mudge ; Mr. L. Solomon holds a sale of furniture on Wednesday next; threshing-machine wanted ; r^if wanted to work btripper; grass wanted. 