The full text (cable^rapfaed) of the Royal speech delivered at the opening of the Imperial Parliament will be foond pnbliabed in anoAer column. At the sabaeqneat proceeding* ia tbe Hone of Onmmona, the Government aodeavoced to Ion Mr Brad langb aworn in aa a member; bat were defeated oa tbe motion of Sir Siafibrd fiorthcote by fifty-eight votes. The board of diractors of the Blaok Hone Coanpany met yeatetday, and a communication was read from the men CO strike posing that the whole milter he settle* arbitration. Tbedirecton, however, decided to take no action until theatrike araa doclaned oS. Tbe infant of the woman Sarah Ah Kew died yesterday, aa was anticipated. A coroner's ingnest will be held on the body to- ay, when it will be decided v b t e other is reaponaiUe for its Aeath. the ho .1ms been ailin for some time, while oing from ber : nee at Mount Basis on Wednesday fainted n .the nad near die Presbyterian masse. mne persons picked ber up imrwiMw They aikd a cab oat waa x £ IT *** ** v * o a doctor, bat tbe rqliman refoaed on ccount dC putting turn to too mnch tnsUe. he poor pri remaioed insensible until Mr . lanes came along with a buggy, aad he indly drove her to the township with the ntention of amdmg ber to the HotptaL odi indignation is Mt in BoniAyong over he cond act of the cabman A second n a n of CWneoB _ ade yesterday by Mr Richardson, Custom Boon officer, from Melbourne, at the store f Son Kam Foog, in tbe Main street. Sereant M'Parland oil Tuesday evaoing reeeimd instreotiooB frgm Mdboome to take posaeaaoa of the store, which was done, asd ' reatarday nothing was allowed to be moved, t was not niktS tfae aftemooo. bowrser, that Mr Ricfaarihnn arrived and proceeded to tbe rime. Having obtained a search warcant, he searched the premises, aad in a short time discovered no Jess tbaa 100 of contraband Chinese spirits, principally tnaiy, the dnty on • which woaild have amounted to about. XS per case, though tbe I..-.1..M aete ant of land value. one of tha Ghime would acfcnoariedge the amatliip ot the anmflgied gooda, which are •sppaeed to belong to _ as was 'adacd in Mflbocme on Tueaday, Van* same pcocared, and np to a late boar last night they wen engaged in carting tbe eases to the Western oWaoo, ia order to allow tfaeaa to be sent to Hdheune to-4 f {V-J^M. nn-i'-""-* waa ranaril by auxore ia Sfain street, and rnimbnts of med inaad tin store' GUaese employed ia r tbatffioator HK WOodB belong to ' now ra Chnia, sad the Best nM^' tibc fcey jrf vLiA faced,, and. com^eaUytbe daur hadjbi ha fanikes open) J»o aptMqei'at who odr. vidtaBaQsotat iaasMife^aiiA, who. acted aainterpretet- with great alslity, had gnat diffi o % in Wicrting any pifeAn Croat tin <*swsa, al ill 1 Ate i 11 .«ritipg ai in I the abtrea, • i,r we In ill leatn _ cases of tobacoo i m in in an oothoaae of a hotel Bert door. The botdkeeper kaowa nothing of' tbe caaea, and states that they wete stowed aaray without his knowledge. Tha Hwu'Cribain Knj waa in Baa»ratoo IVnateyWfSu^a] his inoods, and looking infaRats whkh iae hdds ia Uuadiatriet. The hotKCTble auntla waa tetui uoJ to Melbourne ' How the. tfj^teaidlndk, aarl mX Ska >- utu» .. . _ eke oatali 1 'pnm ,-wt: \- Ill iBIWIIIlB' Ift •••a. —I to tranuort XRXk4»B*e to'toon^ . ap3 1 may eaafly managr, amen; a to tont .-. in V* tocdaytitmwMa big gUbenngoitiiedan ftttie Gate «ni .. _ f them did i d . Xb^ carried on their panes witixmt in ti»e lesat appearing to fear " staea, aad ais £ar aa ooold be aeen tof aecuiSy am not dfaitarbed. A man who would {persist in wandering rislodf along the conrss at the Gordon races yesterday, got a epffl that made him, and toe public generally,' profiting by bis misfortune, more cartfnL Aa one- sf - tite boraea started a preUmiusiy canter, his waywardness led him ia bent of it, and, before the rider coold poll up, the bone bad bowled the wayward pedestran over. Frntenately. tbe Over Uuuea cee wa»-oothnrt, and, pickmg himsdf up, be harried away, possessed, arratly, with the one desire- to bide himamoug the crowd, for the mirth his spill caused could not have been so cheering to him, and the same laughter woald have bad late selected some other individual as the Slostrstive object, in this leaaon on the dangerof straying oa a racecourse. Tbe first meeting of tbe newly ordon and Egerton Bacmg CSnb took place yeeterilay, and provided a very good d*y"s The racecoarae ia most cooreniently between Gordon and Egerton, and done to the railway elation. It ia in a paddockatthc rear of Greene'* Bail way hotel, aad on a plot of ground which could hardly be better fitted for the comae. A running ] rronnd three-qnarten of a mile in length had seen marked off and cleared, and though the trees standing within the crane somewhat obstructed the vision, yet they added to the iranoe of the ground. The racing was good, the fields being larger tha una] for a country meeting. Wierribee won the Maiden Plate, Try Me the Handicap, Music the Selling Baoe, asd Dofier the Hurdle ~Bace. A noticeably nmnerona collection of the nnder-and -over men was to be aeen at the crane. Particular* of tbe racing will be found in another fdlnmn. The occupants of the City lock-op bat night were taro lads <$JBaIbiat—ruble, swelling spirits, Sintered with flowing cops. The cool, sequestered vale in L^iard street proved a good place for them, for they soon came to their aeaaee after bong there "cabined, fjihhftd, and confined." One of them imparted to the lock-up keeper the intelligence that be must be allowed to go oat, for he it private business to attend to. Tbe keeper said be must have a bondsman in hh place, and the noble, swelling spirit said he had not one about him, and coold not meet toe demand. He offered, bowever, to tell the officer the nature of his important bnainfss, sad having done so i to awear his listener to secrecy on tbe subject. "I will not awear,"said the keeper, i toe tragedy tones of the first astrdenr, bet *tia in Kte-menxKy locked, aad yon mnseif afcall keep the key." As he spoke b locked the oe& door, and kept the key himcll. A meeting of gentlemen representing the majority of the principal fnshtatinna in Ballarat aad district, conveaed by areolar, was held yesterday afternoon at Craig'a bote], called together to devise aome mean! of recognising tfae valuable services of Mr B Hepburn, prior to his departure from the colony in March next on a visit to the Old country. Mr T. Both occupied the dair, ••J having stated the object of the meeting, Mr Downie (as boo. secretary J>ro teas) read ies for unavoidable absence from Mr i"Farrai, Mr Monday, secretary of the V.C.G, and Mr G. Antdifie, each of whom regretted their ahaeoce, Int expressed a desire to agree arith anything that might be done, as well aa render all the aaaiatance in their power. Tbe general idea aeemed to be to give a citizens' banquet in honor of Mr Hepbarn, ami it was eventually proposed that tbe f oHowing gentlemen, re- Keeenting the principal institutions in Balarat and district be appointed a committee (with power to add to their number) to devise the beat means of recognising Mr Hepbora's worth as an old colonist and citizen, namely:—The Hon. Philip Rnawfl, Mr J. Noble Wilson, Messrs G. G. Morton, Valentine, T. Bath, B. Lewia. W. Brasenoc, J. Kebadl, S. Caddeu, A. S. Chimmde, A. Wynne, S. Holgste, J. Allen, J. T. M. OTarrdl, K. Madeod, A. Kelly, 'annock, B. M"Cra£, B. Mffley, W. Bailey, W. Downie, W. P. Becbesvaiae, H. E- I? A,MJI,' Caaelli, E. T? WHItam, Williama, ItamM Donald U M'Pbeaon, 'Wiiwui J. Whdao, M. l«.wrie, D. Bn^iby, A. Lester, jonr., —/tiiMwW, R. Hager, W. Bohfart, Dra Pnmoek, King, Bradford, and fieva. W. Henderson sod Odin OmpbelL It was neolved that in order to get matters into immediate train, Mr Downie be requested to act as bon. secretary, and call a meeting for next Wednesday at half-past three p to., at Craig'a botd. Avotecftoanka to the chair terminated the proceedings. A gentleman at 8carsdale recently bad rather an nnpleaaaot experience of toe troth of the old adage that mi&forbmes; never come singly, for the following telegrams informed him first that his father-in-law waa dead, next that another relriive of hia wife bad died, and last that a bush-fire was Wiring away in his "paddock. The unlucky man at last came to look apoa himself as a modern Joh, and on the tetrgesph as toe satotitate for tfae messengers which brought such bad tidings to that lisi^ iiiffi linfc man. Mr Chnrlta Barrel], of Dovetoa street, whose unfortunate accident we have already reported, waa yesterday admitted into the Hospital for the treatment of his injuries, i are supposed to be interna], though not at preaent eerioas. Yesterday waa a very bun day at toe Western railway station, and toe officials wars in conaeqnence kept well going. Not only were the ordinary trains largely Itroniaed, bat throughout the whole of the iy the officials were troubled with the arrival and departure of specials which consisted of trains conveying picnics, running to aad bom toe Gordon races, and also to Ararat, where toe annual race meeting takes plxoe to-day. At a full committee meeting of toe B.G.C. on Tuesday, Mr C. M. Bradley waa sleeted ban. treasurer in toe place of Mr C. A. Sberard, who has left Bdlazst. The Kev. E. S. Eaddiff was elected as member of committee. We an given to understand that there were three candidates for each vacancy, which woald seem to indicate a healthful activity in the clnh. The Soman Catholic schools of Talbot and Clone! held a combined picnic at the Botanical Gardens yesterday. Thepi were conveyed to toe locate by two trains, arriving here at about tea o' Numerous of amusements were provided for them at the gardens, and the weather being all that coold be desired, a very enjoyable outing waa spent. The trains started on the return journey at duak, <me leaving tfae Western station at half-past seven o'clock and the other at ihnt oght o'docki The ordinary fortoightty mooting toe' Loyal BaHarat Lodge, H.UXO.O. held oa Wednesday eramng st toelodgo. room, Britiab Qoeen hotel, when there was a good attendance of members. Tbe N.G., A. &. i)avie, presided Several apcilogiea t or absence were reoeived, inrlnding — - *" 3 tha G-M. The minutes of toe h meeting wen' read aad uuufinuiil, afber t arhich a quantity of correspoaideaoe of a, oottne <^saract«r was read aad dealt with. Tbe leputte on the sick were received, and t the aidk fay jfo^.-ordered ~to -fae-yaid: . reports • of • couu " big - — . - i cotodered.' were tbearfora pro|iOstjiL Three apjiferatioas far membeeainp were received, -anil the nsual inn»rgaHar i , mohitaa. Two weaauts for ftgmailt, and ajtltirofreooaa^ mepdation grlnitod to a brother who haf left for Melbourne. "The reatsiiuog pbrtiea of the basness, whidb oai very light, araa thesi dt^osedof, after slieli the mo^ta H toe eveunc were mad, whidi amoantwd to £115 18s lOd, sod (he lodge dosed in peace and barmooy. We az« requested to state thai AefeOowing dooatSone can be obtarniid ty the aaeretaries reqxictivdy af toe rartitatiow 4»- scribed, by CSHW «t Mr Taylor'sboatiwuse, Wendooree:—Bauarat Hospital, £} li; ifaXlarat Benevolent Asylum, ft Is; Ballarat Orphan Aaylum. £1 la. Tbaaaare the reaulta of Mr Taylor ganeroady saifing his beat daring the lart tone Sundays oa behalf-of toe matitatfow psmed. The Smytheadale Coonty Cbaft was again paatponed by Sw Kplar iriS todays after araitiug froan tea an to one p tn. oodfS&e; dil^Mt of laaryix, ^ton^i^. neoaeSt and reporters, who were _ their faeeis aad warming their l»m»ii S toe vioimty of toe ooort^ooa* far to«E wearyhooza. Z' ' : .°X - "".-i U»D(eaq| wdaBigr ftepaaityeit •gf the BaHantB^^Mahu] the church on Monday ^tr'S Barkn, pr^dint, iotheaiair. There waa • fair attendawsj^E members. The fcBowingtffiocrswereriec Meson G. Bal^ arfW. TO^ coanmittee, Messra W- H. BytaP, M. S^idtoeoffiwtt, CbntapcrfstoBWis reoared frwn_tiie baptist HecstftoAwo. <&&, lapatingifcli'^Pl 8 The to be held. Thereqnest was syllabas for the p m s a i t j . ,. m. He meeting dosed with the bcotAio- -aaa. . .. t , - Tbe Botanical Gardens yesterday vjffltedby aj^efromBmunTOop, ti nickcre being uuaiveyed thitber m vetndes provided by several local reridecta. lie gathering was larjgdy attended, and.^ aonght a good deal of pleasure, and returned to "the village" towards eivemng, after having thoroughly enjoyed tiarniarJiea. The usual weekly meeting of the Brows 7 Hill Mutual. Improvement Amoaatioa was k held on Tueaday evening; Mr Osborne, president, in toe duir- Tbere waa a good atten- a h dance of members. Tbe evening was set A apart for a debate—" Should beer and tobacco be taxed." Mr Taylor opened in the a affirmative, and Mr Brown in toe negative. After some excellent speeches, the m " decided in favor of beer and tobacoo __ taxed. Tbe subject for next meeting a Qieaiistry of the atanaepbae,** by Mr O. L. Olden, aa&stant; lecturer at the School of Mines. Tbe oongr^atioa of St. Mark's Church, Mount X3eax^ held their animal -Sonday school picnic on .Tuesday, at the Botanical Gardens, and aedt a very eajeyiUe day. Mr U'ECUB was toe caterer; and gave mnch "i"'"*"" to toe party. The usual weekly meeting of the BaBsrat Bast Lodge, No. 53, LO.G.T, was hdd cin Tuesday evening last, in the Fire Brigade HaB. Barkly street. After the usual * ' bimnnw was fTsiasrtfd, toe foOoiring oea were installed by D-G.W.C.T- & Jenkins, assisted by G.W^. Br WiUiams, and G.W M. Br. Galley; — P.W.GT., Br Walker; W.C-T^ Br NeOson (re-elected); W.V.T., Br Bvsas; W.& Br Barrett (rejected}; W.A.S., Br Hn^on; W.T.S., Br Brittain; W.T. Br King {re- elected; "W.CL, Br Fronde; \Y.hL, Sr W.B-H-S.. & Jenkins; ff.LES., Sr Wormald; W.I.G., Br Henderson; W.O.G., Br Pollard.' BalUrat wiB probably in a dot time 1 in—r» «t31 ! )r Dsher Somera, a nejjbew of Dr Qte, who lately |ai»ra1 hia 11 iniiiiatino ia toe Dnhlin Oftge of Surgeons. We have received tfae current number of osaalmunberof varied and intereatiiq; ilha- A meeting of the irwmhiT»o< the&-aradi> Ckicket Clob waa beid on " _ last at the Library, Mr fired Partridge in the chair. It waa decided to have a concert in the town on 17th March for toe benefit of the dob, aad a committee was formed to make toe necessary arrangement*. It also agreed "to pardiase some new msterial, and to arrange for some more mstrhes, toe members being confident of winning another M p l a match or two before toe end of toe wnasi, and the dosed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. We hare received a copy at toe report c* the Ballaist District Hospital for the year I88L At a meeting of toe directors of the Parker's United Company, held yesterday, the resignation of Mr J. Northcy, mining " " • f . waa accepted. We are compelled to hold over a number of letters for insertion in oar supplement next Saturday. Mr C. E. Jones (says toe Tdapxxpk) made bis oft-pnnheoed but loog-defaired appearance in Qollins stzeet on Tuesday sfternooa. Mr Janes, though so changed in tost he might be taken for a typical "Yankee," was recognised and greeted by many former acquaintances. Itis hia intention, we to remain in Melbourne and cany oa in connection with an establishment in Chicago. He brings various American novelties and improvements an railway working which he will seek to introduce in Victoria and other colonies. Mr Jooee will also act *s hmrinem agent for lecturersaad similar public entertainers Cnom the States. A moat miraculous escape from wa iiiaia injury or death happened (says toe Crawict AdeaHier) oo Mooiday mnming last to Mr J. Bichardaou, J-P-, and aome members of hift family. Mr Bkbardsoa was^ driving to Cttearick in his boggy, aooompsmsd ly tome of hia children, aadwbea moatiug toe bridge over tbe creek at Bollarook village the bane shied at another coming down tbe road intoe opposite direction. Tbe passage at tbia place bring very narrow, g ill over the ateqi embankment which leads into toe creek, throwing Mr Badaidn'O^: whilst the children wore underneath toe baggy, which was overturned. Strange to aay the children were nnhart, ana Mr Bifhwdson, we learn, though be received some injuries, yet they are not of a aerious nature. Tbe horse waa" injured, and toe boggy sustained maiHaiHf damage. There was great rejoicings when the Zea- Jandia's pseagea were nlwsad from nnaranthie al Sydney. Tin ITjifaij ITiii aia^) .Itraldaays:—"The 'Garonners*did honor to themselves, and aboired tour feDow-fed- mg, by giving long, load, and hsr^daa for toe departing 'gneeta.' His fhniiiifl from both ahips waud have done credit to the boya'' breaking up' at 'Dotheboya-hali.' They cheered ss 3 their lives depended oa it, and faandkertoieEa and towda woe borrowaid to be givaD aaray for the Latest advices.&om; C^ie Toatn (says toe Herald) give uost exceSent awmants of -toe very great sueceaa of Mr J. C Kamer"apanoramas of toe ^mi-im War sad toe &ao-; Turkiah War. -At the latest they were being exhibited in Ope Town for toe fourth time, aad were dravring crowded bnnaa. The manager states tost "althoogh immense haniiMss, our. receipts daring toe African tour besag aomethiig over £10,090" he had to fight against many troubles. "n»e ookmy of toe C ^ " he writes, "is through a period cf srrioaa fmsnrial •oa. Meetings of credi tors in toec cdal commnnity are of daSy occurrence; aad to add to tfae disasters, one^of toe prmrqqj banks in Gape Town hasstoppod paymeafc," A Melboanie geatlmnn, who hss bean Oooktown. and states (says toe IPorH) that for angar aad otoer'tr^aeal ptodnctioas the soil is unrivalled. He predicta a great f ntnre. Two sfasage rteamers (says toe ftem'if Mail) woe reported off Adelaide on Wednesday morning. One o& the Semaphore is like a man-of-war. Here nationality is aaknown. Ihs -other is off Ospe Boids, aad nitted toaiaqa iqignals The HeraB understands tost the Hibamsn Anatralian Oatbolic BsasGt SDcssly .faasci completed aurangemeata for toe fairlmi from Mioaia Bam of a jrisoe of load in Loodadale steed eaat, near Means Ulia- oocne aadCo-'s. havrngafrootageof <2 feet inches, on which they propoae to areata alL Tbepdoepaid wsaJESSBl SL beiagat oe 'rate of £85 p« loot Aa^dedsndiwdsaaadetaiystoeArpn^ ook plaoa on nidaybui,at Gobtaa, a few mSfafrpia toB Biver Murray. Aswa> " was fidvutgrathe river foraboota week: saddealy mwsiiit. anditwastooa^ttooths waadnownoeL Ona asarek heias " ~ situ,~lus twdy was disriiremd-i _ toes, id* being quite ortiart Tha liaab to whiA tha rope wss Isatomd a a b i d j i n fast-bom the groand, aaadtoaoaaa. I complito taspimKisw, had to taadhis nods him, m whicfa poetore he was ' Tbe IMaratiisi to ok toe impaefceca of dq>artaaent to aeod in aa aualyaa of; their noHs kr -tte rarioca naaoBlt tuostoey faaua ^ safamtted deding with tor question of school children" 1 * agea. TbeXlatsterdoes Bait intend ta."- "" toe matter ontS * questioa <3 be aabmitted to the Hocseforosol cumplaintstaaya toe flaidf): ' eotmg tbe oovdact: petty snsskasina aszaecoamy wwn. Allegations have been madethatwhae iotoxkated bensedpuUiciy aioatdiagiuto^auidabiBOTelai^^tova^ rioas jpCTaoos, qarlnding a jaatjog^of toe peaoe, who haa in< oasaequMnoai dadiaad ' to' feSjl will PS BBeoniiurMwd m the iiitereata of ThaPiiwiainiTlunatlpnaegt in port am teyfally cartragpoaia (aayi the Hortf) thiil .iwwnit, gtiUiug drank and iusoms* femalea, oven going to re™ectahlehou2 demanding aflmittawe, and st- sight f®go somefdacec Tie Seaumg MdS cmHa a liWe joke at BaBsrat. Onr contemporary aay«:_"^j mini Arfanbegoff was ashed toe nstul ma. Son in -RaHarat, "Have yea anythiu; in Bnsris tocqml LakeWeadbomer Hiamlr toemtaspreteraad, was antesndataUey'* Mr Martin Loughlin's carefnlly selected atable of jumping bones (say* tbe 4portntoai is to be sent to tfae hammrr pert mopth. th» to of Mani beang the date; thatwdT nown Ballerat sportsmsa having made uj> a mind to take a tour through Bunne ^t n early date. The list comprises Handv ndv, Sir Peter, Came, King of Tnunp/ nd Left Bower, and all of theae have aoT^nishedthemselvti ictona, that to s aauuld be W. C. Ynille aad ' of the lot. ~ A aamalr d the black marble diacovaed by Mr John Ban tine, J.P., near Toongabbie, laving been seat to MeUxmrne to be bested! has toraed oat (aays tfae Oippdomd ISu) ime ot better quality than any in the colony a party ia to come to GipptUnd to sse tte mae for that purpose, payii^ tb» owners a royalty. As we before iMiinri Mr Bailey, of Baltarat, intends to uae the •aiHi for mantelpieces, fa., in the new Hie Curator of toe BUatea of Deeemti Persona haa obtained a rule (says the Age) to admimste toe following estate: Genva Kay, BaDaret, £32 la 6<L ^ ^ Tbe following notice appears is our ad W tising colamns to-day:—'•lie Bishop of Ballarat, id^ aboat to leave toe colocy fora tone, partacalariy raqoeata that arqr anmute him may be meat in to the Biahop'a Beptty not later than Saturday, lUk instsat) at noon; delij aad inoaavenieaoeia OLtlli nient may other a ae arise.** The anrmal nwliiig of toe Scaradale Ontrict BeGef Fund aobeeribeo wffl be held oa Friday evening, at the nsual place, ataerm Tfae steamer Mystery a to leave Qnrernsrliff for Bprtsa and Sorrento every Friday amd Satnxday on arrival cf the fast trains from BaHarat and Melbocnie. A toeetmgof toe stewards of.toe Gordon aad Xteertsa^ Bacmg Chib will be held at Greened Badlway hcoel, next Saturday erm. i^jt sevea ododc, to pass accounts and All Sainta' duldren, who were unable to go to the picnic to Qoeeadif oa Tueaday, wiQ be provided wito refcetomenta st tus schoolroom at five this evening to compensate them for their disappointment. 