GUNNING. POLICE Cour.--Monday, February 6th. Before J. F. Kenyon Esq., J.P. George Stanton was brought up op suspieion of being of unsound mind. Seniorconstable Mara deposed: I was sent for on Sunday by the wife of accused, and told that he had been breaking a gun and setting fire to a sofa; this morning I brought accused into Gunningand charged him as above. Ann Stanton deposed : I am the wife of the ac cuied, and live with my husband at Jerrawa Creek ; for about twelve months my husband has appeared unsettled in his mind; about two months ago he threatened to hang himself ; since then he seemed better again ; on last Sunday morning he brought an axe to me and wanted me to cet his head off with it; the night before he wanted to set fire to the bed and broke some things; on Sunday he got better and asked me to send for the police to take him before he did any injury to anybody; I do not think hbe is safe to be at large. Remanded to Goulburn for medical examination. Accident.-On last Sunday afternoon a half caste well-known about Gunning, named Clifford Sampson, was driving a mule in a spring-cart through the bush, when the mule bolted and soon became uncontrollable. Another half-caste who was in the trap was thrown out and escaped without injury. Clifford attempted to jump out, and in doing so broke his right leg. Assistance was soon on the spot, but it was found impossible to move him, and Mr. Collins was sent for, who speedily re duced the fracture, after which the sufferer was taken home. Fire.-On Sunday night or early on Monday morning what at present appears to have been i_ most dastardly outrage was perpetrated upon a poor and inoffensive man named John Setzer, living about five miles from Gunning. His stack of wheat, containing about one hundred and sixty bushels, was entirely burned. From the evidence yet to hand it seems almost certain that it must have been purposely set fire to, as there have been no bush-fires in the neighbourhood. There was no house within a quarter of a mile of it, and the wheat when harvested was too dead.ripe to allow of any suspicion of spontaneous combustion. The police were out all day on Monday trying to find some clue, and afterwards procured the services of a black tracker to aid them; but so many people had been about the scene of the fire that it will be hard to find traces leading to discovery. The Weather.-We have had some slight showers of rain, but not enough to do any good. The clouds are heavy and rain threatens, but still keeps off. The days are cool now compared with 'what they were a week or two ago, and the nights are decidedly wintry. 