TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. (From the Echo, Herald, and Evening News.) GLEN INNES. Thursday. [Echo.]-The Quarter Sessions opened on Monday and closed on Wednesday night. Doyle was sent to gaol for one month for an assault on O'Brien. Flan- ders v. the Council : Mr, O'Connor, instructed by Mr. Boyd, for the Plainliff; Mr. O'Mara, instructed by Mr. Fitzhardinge, for the Council. A mass of evidence was elicited on both sides. Verdict tor the plaintiff, damages £40.. P. C. Wells, embezzlement. Mr. O'Connor Crown Prosecutor, Mr. Boyd for the pri soner. Judge Docker sentenced him to two years' imprisonment. The other cases were not of much importance. GOULBURN. Thursday. [Evening News.'}- A motion for opening the read- ing room of the Mechanics' Institute on Sundays, was carried last night by a large majority. The weather is very dry and hot, without a sign of rain. GULGONG. Wednesday. [Herald] - The Hospital Committee are organizing a fete for Anniversary Day. Prizes for all events will be given by the leading residents of the town. The Mudgee amateurs also give a performance here at night tor the benefit of the Gulgong Hospital. The weather is bot and dry, with no appearance of rain. The prices of produce are rising rapidly. Thursday. [Echo] - Mr. McLaughlin addressed a large num ber of electors of the Upper Hunter at Tellewang yesterday. The address Iisted over two hours, and was loudly cheered throughout. Mr McLaughlin gave an account of his Parliamentary career. A unanimous vote of confidence was passed. He after- wards proceeded to Denison Town and Uarbry. TENTERFIELD. Tuesday. [Herald.']-Another fine rain fell last night, and the grass in springing nicely again. A luncheon was given last night in the new court- house by ?? A. Lewis, contractor, to celebrate its completion. About 50 guests were present. The Police Magistrate presided, and many complimentary speeches were made. The building was opened to- day for public business. GRAFTON. Tuesday. [Herald.}-Two tons of stone crushed at the Mint Battery from the Lady Matilda Reef, Nana Creek, gave a return of 8oz, to the ton. Wednesday. [Evening News.}-At a public meeting held at Rush's Hotel, Monday, it was decided to hold a regatta in Grafton on Queen's Birthday. A large committee were appointed, also Mr. J. See and Mr. J. M. Purves to be president and vice- president, respectively. A sub-committee was appointed to arrange a programme. The treasurer reported a balance from last year ot over £53, and with the amount subscribed in the room a total of nearly £310 is already available. It is expected that quite as liberal a programme as last year's will be an- nounced. [Herald.]-At the Warden's Court, to-day, the claimants in No. 3 Benson Reef, Bache and party, were not present. Telegrams were sent asking for a postponement till February. The objectors, Higgins and party, had all their witnesses in attendance, and their attorney applied for travelling expenses for these witnesses, some of whom came a distance of 80 miles. The Warden doubted his power of allowing expenses at that stage, but granted an allowance of £5. The case stands adjourned till February 9. Thursday. [Evening News,]- Charles Brady, a late arrival from Armidale, was brought up before the Bench this morning, charged with passing valueless cheques. Two charges were gone into. Sub-inspector Creaghe intimated to the Bench that there would probably be others, and applied for a remand, which was denied. LISMORE Wednesday. (Evening News) A monster public meeting was held last night in the Council Chambers, to protest strongly against the discontinuance of the railway survey from Cape Byron via Lismore to Tenterfield, and the removal of the surveyor to the Grafton line. Various resolutions condemnatory were moved, and statistics quoted proving that since April last, when the land office was opened here, 65,896 acres of land were taken up for sugar growing, paying £16,474 as a first instalment. Auction sales for the same period were over £4,000, and rents and interest about £15,000. Any land in the district with conditions fulfilled without any improvement is selling from £20 to £25 per acre. It was further stated and proved that the Richmond River district and the Tweed contain about one million acres of the best agricul- tural land in the colony, and the proposed line would traverse through the whole length of the richest sugar growing country in contradistinction to the Grafton-Glen Innes line passing through the most barren and rocky, scarcely fit for grazing country. The impression prevailed that some undefined in- fluence was working behind the scenes pulling the ropes, and a petition to the Minister for Works, and a strong protest against such injustice were carried unanimously. BREWARRINA. Tuesday. [Herald.]-The dead body of a man was found on Messrs. Dickson's run, Yarrawin, on Saturday. The deceased is supposed to have strayed from the road in search of water. He had been dead apparently four or five days when found. There is nothing to lead to his identification. Three selections, each of 640 acres, were taken up last week under the unconditional purchase clause. At bushfire is raging apparently in the direction of Charlton. The thermometer to-day registered 100°. YASS. Tuesday. [Evening News.]-At the sessions to-day, before Judge M'Farland, Henry Charles Stephenson, for stealing a watch at Murrumburrah, was sentenced to 12 months in Yass Gaol. James Walsh, Michael Denison, and James Denison, for assaulting and robbing John Joseph Dwyer, Burrowa, where found guilty. Walsh received three years in Berrima, and the two Denisons two years each in Darlinghurst. The Judge said he was determined to put down such ruffianly larrikinism. Wednesday. [Evening News.]-At the quarter sessions yester- day Charlotte Doyle, on a charge of larceny, was acquitted. To-day George Doyle and Peter O'Malley charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on a half-caste, were found guilty of a common assault, and were sentenced to two years' hard labour in Darlinghurst Gaol. John Bernhardt, on charge of larceny, was acquitted. An application for a right of roadway, Elliott versus Massey, was adjourned until Thursday, as there was no representative pre- sent from the Surveyor-General's Department. BLAYNEY. Thursday. [Evening News,]-Another local industry is to start at Blayney-namely, a brewery. An enterpris- ing man of business from Hill End is so well pleased with the copper mines and the general appearance of prosperity in the town, that he has decided to erect a building just outside the town, where every facility, it is said, exists for a first-class brewery. The prospects of the copper mines continue to im- prove. CARCOAR. Tuesday. [Herald.]-A serious gun accident occurred at Dick's Creek, eight miles from the rocks, on Sunday. The only son of Mr. John Fagan, hotelkeeper, of Carcoar, it appears was out on horseback. Having laid a rifle which he was carrying against a tree for a moment, on remounting his horse he lifted the weapon by the muzzle, when it exploded, blowing away the cap of his shoulder. The sufferer is being attended to by Drs. Smith, of Corcoar, and Machattie, of Bathurst. The weather continues hot and dry, without signs of a change. BEGA. Tuesday. [ HeraId.]- At a numerously attended meeting of the Agricultural and Pastoral Society, to-day, officers were elected, and it was arranged to hold the show on Wednesday and Thursday, 15th and 16th March, COROWA. [Evening News.]-Yesterday afternoon a party of gentlemen visited the locality of the recent gold dis- covery at Corowa, and found matters to be exactly as represented. Amongst them were some possessed of a sound knowledge of practical mining, and had the satisfaction of personally inspecting the work- ings and breaking down some stuff for trial. There are two distinct reefs, one of which has been named Struck Oil, to the eastward, showing jumble thickly impregnated with fine gold, and giving strong evidences of making towards the main reef, which which is known to exist on the hill. The other, the Colt, is somewhat harder and better defined, surrounded by leaders rich in the precious metal, all of which, like the broken reef ia the Struck Oil shaft, are decidedly making for the main reef. The prospects taken from the top of the drive were found, on being crushed, to pan out poorly, while those from the bottom gave for result from ½dwt.to 1½dwt. to the dish. This is taking the stone as it comes without selecting, and is thought to indicate that the nearer to the main reef, which is calculated to be about 20ft below the present workings, the better the gold will be. There is reason for congratulation inasmuch as it may be considered that the existence of gold in payable quantities in Corowa is at last proved beyond a doubt, but there is nothing yet to justify any im- migration of miners to the district. There are two claims now working, and when anything worth re- cording occurs, depend upon it you and your readers through you, will be made aware of it. ADELONG. Tuesday. [Herald.]-The Curragong Company have struck at 300 feet what is supposed to be the commence- ment of the reef. They worked through 70 feet of hard country, and also put in three drives of 20, 30, and 15 feet, all dead work. The claim yielded from former crushings 17oz., 6oz., and 4oz. After uselessly working for many months the Come Again, from their last crushing obtained 1oz, 5dwts. It was not good enough. It took a team of 50 bullocks to draw the machivery to Amos Brothers claims. The rush at Gap Reef, two miles north of Adelong, continues. Three leases have been applied for, and five claims are close to the main Tumut road. Annetto and Company's last crushing will not pay wages ; work has been resumed-the men to get 50s a week. The alluvial workings have stopped for want of water. There is no sign of rain, and the feed is parched and dried up. Perkins Brothers' G. M. Co., Gibraltar Hill, crushed 40 tons quartz for 75oz. 2dwt. 17gr. ; the Half-tip, 11oz. 4dwt. 12gr. The claim looks well; the shaft is down 155 feet. Miners returning from Muttama give unfavourable reports of the place, COOTAMUNDRA. Wednesday. [Echo.]-The District Court was held yesterday, presided over by Judge Forbes. The majority of cases were from Temora, but none were ot special interest. The weather continues very dry, and the water supply is decreasing very rapidly. Harvesting operations are nearly over. Three fourths of the wheat this year was stripped. The average yield for this district will be something over 20 bushels to the acre. Things at the Muttama rush are very quiet, nothing worth reporting having turned up since last news was forwarded. WAGGA WAGGA. Tuesday. fHerald.]- A young man named Humphrey Williams, a clerk, was drowned this evening in the Murrumbidgee River, close to the town, whilst bath- ing. He had only been here a few months. The weather is hot ; glass lOOdege. in the shade this evening, A Thursday. [Evening News.]-An inquest was held yesterday afternoon on the body of the young man Williams, A verdict of accidental drowning was returned. From evidence ond correspondence produced at the inquest, it is tolerably clear that the deceased is a sod of Sir John Williams, K.U.B., of Clarence Square, Cheltenham. The unfortunate young fellow had only been here a few weeks as a clerk to Messrs. Swift and Hann, station owners and financial agents, and had won the good opinion of all with whom he came in contact from his amiable manners. He appears to have been a good swimmer, and after giving his horse a swim he stretched out down the river himself, disappearing suddenly, so that it is possible cramp may have seized him. Something like £140 have been collected for the sufferers by the recent fire who require assistance. WILCANNIA. Wednesday. f Herald.]-Tbe escort from Mount Browne yeBter day brought 1175 oz. gold, got by dry blowing. Sickness is very prevalent there on account of the heat and want of water combined. Owing to there being no Government tank at Mount Manara, on Booligal-road, 600 sheep out of a travelling flock have perished for want of water, This is the main road in the district, The progress committee have often applied to Government for a tank at this place. BRISBANE. Tuesday. [Herald,]-H. Blackiston, a passenger by the Wotonga, has made a statement, which appears in the Courier, to tue effect that he was en deck till a late hour on the night when the Wotonga struck. At midnight he was talking with a passenger named Aberdeen. The veBsel was then off Port Stephens light, at ordinary sailing distance, Captain M'Lean carne down from the bridge, and asked them to join him in a smoke in his cabin. This was about a quarter past 12. During tbe conversation the Captain told them that he had given the mate strict instructions to call him in a hour and a half. The Captain further mentioned that he had instructed the mater to keep tbe ship three quarters of a point up, so as to prevent the possibility of any accident, After chatting a short time, the Captain bnde them good night, saving that he would take an hour's sleep. The informant also states that the crew were all in a mutinous condition, and complaining of over work. Mr. Archer, who was recently appointed Colonial Treasurer, has been re-elected for Blackall without opposition, The Commissioner of Police has received a telegram Btating that a number of Frenchmen were Been in a boat near Bowen, supposed to be escapeeB from New Caledonia, aud that they visited several places since Thursday last, asking for employment, stating that they are fishermen from the coast of New Zealand, Wednesday. [Evening News,]-Miss Beanfield, the new lady principal of the Girls' Grammar School, arrived from England yesterday. Several omnibus horses bave dropped down recently from sunstroke, [Herald.]-Mema. Griffith and Mills landed at Townsville to-day, but made only a short stay. In response to the request of a number of friends Mr. Griffith accepted a public banquet, to be given on Tuesday week, upon his return from Herberton. He also promised to address the electors at Mowbray. The prospectus claim at Woolgar crushed 160 tons for 304oz., after having dollied out 40oz. from a heap. The Cormorant came up the river to-day to await the arrival of Colonel Crossman by the Compta, who has been appointed to take charge of the fortifica- tions in Fiji, and who proceeds by the Cormorant to Levuka. Rains continue in the north; it is generally fine in the /fest. A young men named William Morrison, steward of the You YungB, wes drowned at the whorf, Mary- borough, this evening. The body was recovered shortly after. MELBOURNE. Tuesday. [Herald,}-A special report has been presented to the City Council ontbe existing means of egress from the Melbourne theatres. The Royal is considered to be well provided with means of escape, also with means for the speedy extinction of fire. In the Opera House the entrance is small, and pronounced to be insufficient and uangerous. At the Bijou on an ordinary night the house is cleared and the lights are out in four minutes, and the means of extinguish- ing fire are ample and in good order. The Princess is also well provided, At St. George's Hall the outlets are reported as so dangerous that unless other and better provision íb made the hall should not be licensed as a place of public amusement. The report stateB that at every place it has become the practice to block up the gang-ways with extra seats, and recommends that this be strictly for- bidden. A man named Martiness, engaged in loading the ship Marb Blian at Williamstown, waa struck by a sling and knocked overboard. He was rescued from I drowning and was removed to the hospital in an insensible and dangerous condition. No further cases of smallpox are reported. The City Council urge the Government to detain the whole of the passengers for the full term prescribed. In consequence of certain rumours which have have i reached the Government the health officer has been instructed to release none of the passengers unless with The consent and under the authority of the Government Dr. Itulmer is stated to have expressed the opinion that the saloon passengers might be released without danger, further detention being an unnecessary hardship. The Government have de- cided to appoint another doctor to assist Dr. Bulmer. Tenders have been called for clearing a strip of scrub 10 feet wide from beach to beach along the fence, in order to allow of a more efficient police patrol. At a special meeting of the Bo»rd of Health, Drs. Hardy and Youl considered that the first and second class passengers might be released afterisolationforl4 days irom the third class. Dr. Clarke thought they should all be kept for 14 days after convalescence of the last caBe. The Cabinet, having considered these opinions, had decided that no parson shall leave until a date to be fixed by the Cabinet. Cuptbin Chapman takes command of the Nelson (a.) when the repairs are completed. The Bulvia, a vessel which formerly was commanded by Captain Smith, leaves the sertice ol tbe Western Steam Navi- gation Cj., to whom both vessels belonged. The miners' strike at Egerton continues. A hun- dred mun are out. j In consequence of the agitation in connection with the stoppage of free passes, Mr. Bent has communi- cated with the other colonie?, inquiring what rule exiBts in regard to the matter. The Minister of Works, to-day, proposed to the Cabinet that a new hopper dredge be purchased for deepening the channels in the barbour, and suggested that a vessel such jie that used in Adelaide, for which no lighter is required, be obtained. The Government thought it mi« ht be a more speedy way of obtaiuing a suitable vessel to consider the purchase of the one now in Sydney harbour, which was not in use, ond would be most serviceable, and suggested that efforts might be made to purchase or charter the vessel. Mr. Young will visit Sydney on Friday, and eudeavour to negotiate the sale or hire of the dredge. The border treaty between South Australia and Victoria whs agreed to by the Government on behalf of this colony to-day, The document will be signed und sealed without delay. The treaty will be in force till a date to be subsequently fixed. The arrangements apply 20 miles east of the boundary line of the two colonies, The articles exempted are agricultural implements, live stock, engines, boilers, condensers and fittings, jewellery, watches, machi- nery, opium, spirits, cordials, tobacco, cigars, snuff, wine, cheese. It is provided that products may be refused if the Customs' officers have reason to believe the goods are being forwarded from one colony to another with a view to take advantage of the differ- ence in the tariffs, and not intended for bona-fide border trade or use. The treaty will terminate at a month's notice by either party. Sir Charles Ryan, who came by the ship Sobraon, has been summoned for using abusive language to a railway porter, also for refusing to show his ticket. Serious accounts have been received of the scar- city of water in the Terricks district, Settlers are carting water fcr many miles. GrasB extremely scarce, end the yield of the crops is not sufficient to supply seed for next Benson. In connection with his refusal to carry newspapers parcels on the railways free, Mr. Bent has bad a re- turn prepared showing the average daily weight gí these parcels, Eight men are constantly employed attendiug to the carriage of newspapers. The rates he proposes to charge would, he estimates, yield a revenue of £400 per annum. Wednesday. [Evening News.]-Yesterday the flags on the ship- ping on the Yarra were half- masthigh In consequence of the death of Miss Clara Agnes Smith, daughter of Mr. Howard Smith. She died at Ballarat, aged 26 years, after a long illness. [Herald.]-A mysterious affair ia reported from Stawell, where a man, whilst engaged in cutting timber in the bush, found a headless body, believed to be that of a male. None of the bones were broken but the breast, abdomen, and calves were flesbless, and the body was naked. Tufts of reddish-coloured hair were adhering to the neck. Foul play is sus- pected A train ran over a cow, and wob thrown off the line, near Shepparton, last night. The passengers, none of whom are seriously injured, were taken to Shepparton in the van truck, au hour and a half after time. 1 The Press is to be excluded from the sittings of the sub-committee appointed to inquire into the sanitary condition of tbe Melbourne Hospital. A shorthand reporter has been engaged to record the witneeees' evidence. Proceedings are to be instituted against the China- man concerned in the attempt to smuggle the opium which was lately seized at Echuca. Some China- men in Melbourne, who are believed to be the actual owners of the opium, will also be summoned. The Customs officers have long been aware that opium was kept in bond to Albury, Deniliquin, and other towns in New South Wales near the border, and thence smuggled across the Murray, and finally sent through to Melbourne without payment of the extra duty. A Customs officer has been sent to Albury to stop the practice, and another will be despatched to Echuca. The Geelong station is to be almost rebuilt, and a tender has been accepted for the work Bt £12,500. The Consul-General for the United States has re- ceived despatches from Washington in reply to the condolatory messages sent from Victoria on the death of General Garfield. At the WeBleyan Conference this evening the Home Mission report read was of a satisfactory character. The contributions to the misBionfund during the year amounted to £2001. One satisfactory feature in connection with the present harvest is that the arrears of selectors and licensees' rents are being forwarded more freely than at any previous eeaBon for years past. A large num- ber, h jwevtr, have neglected their obligations, and the Minister notifies that tbeir names will be pub- lished in the Gazette in a fortnight. A site for a storage reservoir in connection with the Y«n Yean has been Belected near Caulfield, for the purpose of improving the supply to the southern I suburbs. The amount of compensation to be paid by Go- vernment for the destruction of vines in the Geelong district is upwards of £25,000. The terms have been settled regarding the Warren Ponds vignerons, the compensation agreed upon being £3156, or an average of £87 per acre. The calculation was based on the value of two years' cropB. The process of uprooting the Warren Ponds vines will be com- menced immediately. A telegram has been received from the rock clear- ing party at the HeadB, intimating that another rock has been discovered in the fairway 25 feet below the surface. A diver examined it, and found five pin- nacles which require removing. i The weather was searching hot to-day, the most oppressive of the season. Reports from the country districts state that the heat is dreadful, and bush fires are raging in some localities, Thursday. [Echa.]-The Wesleyan Conference yesterday in- structed the sect rotary to send telegrams of greeting to the sister conferences in other colonies now in session. The Revs. W. B, Osborne, W. Curnow, J. T. Shaw, and G. Minus, ministers from other conferences now visiting Melbourne, were invited to attend this conference. Five students were admitted as minis- terial probationers. Seven pigs have been discovered cruelly treated in the market yards, being exposed to the broiling sun without a drop of water. One was dead ; others were apparently dying when seen by the Inspector of the Cruelty to Animals Society. A prosecution is probable. . " , ^ . A warder in Pentridge Stockade found secreted on Tuesday a large swag, containing tobacco, tea, letters, and other articles intended for the prisoners. It is now known that a regular fund exists among the larrikins to purchase illicit articles for prisoners in Pentridge. John Webster, 67 years of age, was gored by a bull last night at Berwick. Severe injuries were inflicted. The sufferer waa brought 30 miles to the Alfred Hos- pital, Melbourne. He was driving the bull from one paddock to another when gored. Some Opposition journals are urging Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to prosecute the Advocate, the Roman Catholic paper published id Melbourne, for alleged seditious utterances in connection with the Irish Land League. Mr. Longmore, formerly a member of the Berry- Ministry, is one of the pillars of the Land League in Melbourne. Mr. Francis Ormond, founder of Ormond College, Melbourne, who is a candidate for the representation of the South-western Province, visited Geelong yes- terday, Bnd was met favourably. Martin Charles Guell, painter, waa found dead in hU bed in Little Lonsdale- street. He had been missed tor days ; the constable broke into his house and saw mm dead. wnMr i,,uStl,ce WillÍa«n8 is suffering an attack of Kngliih cholera, and is notable to attend to Chamber business to-day, re » -, Thursday. .¡J-A»"»"? A*tos.]-A large fire occurred at Sand- ridge this morning, when five houses and an hotel were burnt The damage was so great owing to the low pressure of water. The Garonne passengers have sent letter of com plaint to the London Times as to their treatment, and complain bitterly of the doctor. A Catholic ÄX/Sr9/. ^"^^ h"8 fi0D8 d0WÛ t0 MBLBOUBNE LIVE STOCK MABKKT. rn un " " Melbourne, Wednesday. IHerald.]-Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report:-FatCattle: 2100 yarded. Prices for prime quality a shade higher, others unaltered. We sold 40 through the yards. Sheep : 30.0U0 yarded : prices ruling about the same as last week. We sold 5100 through the yards, and 15,000 stores outside. oi^T8 Kiní! ttnd Cuningham report : Fat Cattle: ¿10U drawn for, but 130 wera withdrawn. Abo^t tuuui were from Queensland, and -the balance from the Darling and Upper Murray, The attendance of town and country buyers was good, but the heat was against sales, and bidoinßs were dull. Prices, except for prime, were very low, and would have been worse except for the prazier*. Prime beef realized io 10s to £8 ; good, £6 to £6. We sold 303 from Corona station, Queensland, and '100 Gippslanders. Sheep : 17,000 penned ; prices easier j best merinos, 8s to 9s. We sold 1000 Victorians. Messre. R. Gibson and Co. report:-Fat Cattle: Another large supply entered, namely, 2,300, but about 300 were withdrawn from sale. The bulk of the supply arrived from Queensland, and had wasted considerably ; good and prime, being scarce, were in better demund at slightly advanced rates, but all other descriptiona were exceedingly dull of sale. We sold 300 he d, prime bullocks selling up to £9. Fat Sheep: 17,000 yorded, mostly of indifferent quality, from Victoria. Sales were difficult to effect a' Pi'ces under those ruling lest week. . We sold .Mes««. Dil. Campbell and Co, report :-Fat Cattle: ¿100 penned, of which 1200 were northerners, the majority of them much wasted. Biddings wera dull, but prices are about the some as last week. Best pens bullocks made £7 to £8; best cows, £4 to £5. Fat Sheep: 17,000 forward, mostly second and medium quality. Business was dull ; prices for best being unchonged, but other sorts, which were mostly bought by graziers, are a trifle lower. Best merino wethers made 9s. ADELAIDE. TuËBdâv [Herald,]-The Government has sent for the ap- proval of the Victorian Government a draft agree- ment for the renewal of the permit system on the border. At the annual board meeting of the Oddfellows, to-day, the report showed a state of great prosperity. The Widow and Orphan Fund has in fourteen years increased £20,663 in value. It was stated that the South Australian body had legislated'forintercolonial clearances of members. No further smallpox cases are reported. The patients are suffering from the excessive heat, but are progressing satisfactorily. The guard round Torrens Island is to be further strengthened. The Auditor- General's statement shows the revenue for the lost quarter to be £543,412, being an increase of £17,00J ou the corresponding quarter of last year. The revenue for the year is £2,171,988, or an increase of £144.024. The expenditure for the quarter is £518,048, showing an increase of £31;146; and the expenditure for the year, £2,054,285, an increase ot £130.680. The bonded debt charges amount to £494,210, being on increase of £36,000. The other principal increases are in the post and telegraphs, public works, and ra ilways. The total immigration expenditure was £21,198, as against £17,748 last year. The treasurer has a credit balance of £3820. . Wednesday. [Evening News.]-During the last few days the Soil tax of £10 has been paid by two Chinamen, ne paid at Wentworth and the other at Penola. . ' Wednesday. [Herald ]-The new City Council were preBented to-day to his Excellency the Governor by the Mayor. Nearly all the aldermen and councillors were present. The Governor expressed his pleasure at receiving the council for the fifth time since he became Governor, and congratulated them upon the progressive works that are being carried out. Messrs. Richard George and Co., a local firm, have issued circulars to all the medical men in the city and suburbs, offering to Bupply them with vehicles, horses, and drivers in the best etyle, on contract, in connection with the telephonic service, and under- take to lender these conveniences available at any hour. The temperature to-day in the sun was the highest that has been registered in the colony, being 180'. In the shade, at the Observatory, it was 112-, lie ports from the country describe tho heat as fearful. In response to a letter regarding subscriptions for a marble bust of Bishop Short, the Rev. Canon Dendy suggests, as the most fitting demonstration of the general regard in which the Bishop was held, that an effort be made to complete the building of the cathedral church, in which Dr. Short took so deep an interest. A number of connoisseurs and judges, including Mr, Thompson, from London, met to-day to sample wines from New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australis. Bottles of prize exhibits from the shows of 1877,1879, and 1880 were produced and tested. The awards will be made public in a few days. The WeBleyan Conference commenced its sittings to-day. The Rev. R. S. Casely waa elected president, and the Rev, R. M, Hunter, secretary. Dr. Gosse, of the Vaccination Office, has issued a circular to medical men to the effect that great caution is necessary in performing vaccination during the hot months, and the result a doubtfal security. He adviseB its postponement till cooler weather, unless an outbreak of smallpox occurs in the city, when the choice of evils must be reade. The health of the people at the quarantine station is good, and the patients are progressing fairly well, but the intense heat cbubbb great inconvenience. Dr. Gosse reports that the stock of lymph is becoming small, but till very recently it has met all demands. In consequence of the draft of police to guard Torrens Island, the force in the city is barely adequate for night duty. Maccabe, wbo is drawing great crowds at the Academy of Music, writes to the press affirming that that house is equal to any he has ever played in, respecting its arrangements for facilitating escape in case of fire. Mr. Moccabe's letter has reference to the report of the City Surveyor, who condemned the building. The late chairman of the Fire Insurance Association states positively that the Fire Brigade will be dis- banded in a fortnight hence, when, unleBS other arrangements are made,'tbe city will be without any defence from fire. The men on Alms' new gold mine, from which so much was expected, have been paid off, all but two, through want of water. The Fort Adelaide Dock Company have declared an interim dividend of 3b 6d per share. NORTHEEN TERRITORY. Port Darwin, Tuesday. | Herald.]-The gale reached its height last night, Many buildings, including Mr. J. Solomon's store, were completely demolished. The weather is very squally, How many will read this paragraph? Well about 20,000 persons-perhaps a tew less, probably many more. If one-fifth of those reside away from the two Maitlands, to reach them, in addition to our neighbours, and convince them that John Leb and Co. are the cheapest drapers, is one of the purposes for which descriptive price lists are issued irom Cheapside. Twenty years ago John Lee & Co. pub- lished price lists in these columns. To-day every place of the slightest importance in the Sydney re- tail drapery trade publishes price listB of some kind. They could not thrive without them. Of course, there are a few who lack the ability to compile such and compete with their opponents. Such indivi- duels feebly protest with a persistence that is as comical as H is impudent against lists published and paid for by others- This week Leb & Co. do not publish a/list. They are opening new goods ob fast as posfitfle, and compiling such a one as will cause astonishment. In the meantime, intending buyers should order goods, or call in and inspect those I offered. John Lee is Co., Chbapshhs, W.M., is the I ' full addresB, ' 