Christ Church, Beechworth. — The annual meeting of the parishioners of Christ Church, Beechworth, was held in the schoolroom, en Monday evening ; the Rev. Canon Howard in the chair. The minutes of the last annual meeting were read and connrmea. a fie report and balance-sheet for the year 1881- were then submitted, and, on the motion of Messrs Warren and Skinner, adopted. The report congratulated the parishioners upon the fact of the church being out of debt ; there being a credit balance of £40 5s 6d, after paying arrearB of stipend to the rev. incumbent, together with other liabilities. The ladies and gentlemen who took such an active part, in the late bazaar were warmly thanked for their services, as by their exertions £184 8s lid had been added to the fundB of the church. The election of churchwardens and vestrymen was then proceeded with, and the follow ing were elected churchwardens : — Messrs R. Warren, J. G. Orr and W. J. Greer. The Rev. Canon Howard having waived his right to elect a certain number of the vestrymen, the following gentlemen were elected by the parishioners : — Messrs. F. Brown, T. ,-K. Johnston, Mitchelsbn, Skinner, Goldsworthy, Smithers and ir.-i— :Mp T n Orr oraa llAaBvwilUrtrL u v wvw«vv» treasurer, and Mr G. P. Masterman secretary. The Wheat Traffic— The delivery of wheat at Benalla is something, enormous ; averaging over 5000 bags per diem during the past twelve days. The Beechworth Police Court— On Thursday, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., the case of Ah Sing v James Chappell, for damaging a water-race used by com plainant in connection with his mining operations, was called on, and, in the absence of Mr F. Brown, who had been retained to appear for defendant, was ad journed till the 7 th inst. New Insolvent.— David Glennie, of Goorambat, farmer. Causes of insolvency ': Failure in crops in 1878, 1881 and 1882, and monetary lasses . on transactions in bills-of-exofiange, which insolvent became liable for. Debts, £276 Os 6d ; assets, £257 ; deficiency, £19 0s 6d. Mr John Turner, official assignee. The Australian Cup. — Progress aud Commotion have been scratched for the Australian Cap. Benalla Mem.— The following items of Benalla news we glean from the "Ensign : " — The total collection made in the town for the fire- brigade amounts to £116 19s 6d. We have been requested by Mr Rodda, principal of the Benalla College, to state that school duties will be resumed on Monday next; either in the Rechabite Hall or Watts and M'Bean's late office, Mair- street." 1 oz 13 dwts 11 grs of gold taken out of the Hope claim, near Violet Town, assayed 2312 carats, and; is valued: at ..£4 2s 6d per ounce. A ' committee meeting of the Benalla Race -Club will be held at the Benalla Hotel at 4 o'clock this (Saturday) afternoon, to discuss business of inmort- ance. Bethanga Police Court. — On Satur day, before Messrs P. Wright and G. H. Cessins, . J.P.'s, J-lie Crown lands bailiff summoned? Blanchfield and Rowley for being in illegal possession of Crown lands. The case was adjourned till next court. A number of business people at the lower township were also summoned for not tak ing out business licenses. It appears the business people are trying to get the Go vernment to sell the allotments by auc tion. Adjourned till next court, on the application of the bailiff, for instructions from the department. Truant- officer v Ralston : Not sending child to school ; first offence. Fined Is. Same v Phillips : Same offence ; second time. Fined 20s, or 48 hours' imprisonment. J. Considine v C. Hore : Claim £16 6s. Complainant said he left some flour with defendant at Granya to sell, and he was to pay for it, whoever he sold it to. Defendant said he acted simply as agent ; he had sold the four, and as soon as he got the money from thern he would pay. Complainant, on being called back, admitted he left de fendant as agent. Dismissed, as agent was not responsible. Nankervis v John son : Trespass. These two parties laid claim to a certain hut on Crown land. The case was adjourned till next court, as the Bench required advice on a certain point. Levy v Scarlett : Claim £1 10s 6d. Com plainant, in answer to the Bench, said the debt was for drinks. The case was dis missed, as defendant was not a boarder. 10s costs. Bridget Blanchfield v Con stable Hewitt : Insulting language. Com plainant said that the constable had opposed her application for a publican's license, and in doing so in the court had uimjucucu iici uuaiauiiBr to one x>encn, and she wanted redress. The Bench dis missed the case, as the words used were in the execution of plaintiff's duty, and therefore privileged. A. Stewart applied for the restitution of 30 bags of wool now in possession of the police, taken in the case Stewart v Rollings, wherein Rollings was convicted of sheepstealing. Mrs Rollings claimed them on behalf of her husband. After hearing both sides, the Bench ordered all the shorn wool to be given to Mrs Rollings, and the plucked wool to Mr Stewart. The court then ad journed. Railway League at Bethanga. — A public meeting was held at the Bethanga Hall on Saturday evening last, to con sider what steps should be taken re rail way communication for Bethanga. Mr E. L. Kitchingman was voted to the chair, and after opening the meeting, called on Mr Cole, who had convened it. Mr R. D. Cole said, having read and heard it was the intention of the Govern ment to extend railway communication beyond Wodonga to the Upper Murray, and seeing that Taliangatta folks were de termined to get the line their way, and via Kaetong, to the Upper Murray, he thought it time the residents of Bethanga "uxvc "p. a ne cqjper niurray people themselves wanted it via Bethanga, and along the Murray Flats ; and he thought that if properly placed before the Govern ment, and the two routes examined, they would never think of going over and round steep ranges, when there was a flat road, with three times the population along it, as the late census would show. He concluded by proposing that a committee be appointed to watch over the interests of Bethanga and district, re railway com munications, to be called the Bethanga branch of the Upper Murray Railway League. The motion was carried unani mously. A committee of 25, which in cluded the farming and mining interest, was then agreed to. Mr T. Harris, in sup porting what Mr Cole had said, then proposed that Mr Cole be appointed secretary to the branch. This was seconded by Mr Osborne, and carried unanimously. A subscription-list was there and then opened ; Mr G. F. buck, being elected treasurer ; and after a general discussioH, it was agreed to hold the first committee meeting at the hall on Saturday, February 4th, at 4 o'clock. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting. The public meeting then took the action of the Government in the case of Mr Gill, of the Mitta, into consideration ; and after a discussion, Mr R D. Cole proposed, and Mr G. F. Buck seconded, that this meeting sympathises with Mr Gill, and expresses its disapproval of the determination of the TlniaawfmAnf f A oal 1 r>n aV 1LT« /! .11' — _ — A/voi(.u.«uw w UWi jjoiu VA IU1 VJTU1 B (ip plication by auction. The motion was carried unanimously. A committee of three was then appointed, to confer with some member of Parliament and the Department, to see what steps could be taken, to stop the sale, and see justice dene. The Beechworth Stock and Share Market.— Mr A. W. Foster, " The Verandah," reports for the week ending Friday, 3rd inst. : — All stocks and shares very dull during the past week, except Rocky Mountain, for which a good demand exists at 19s to 19s 6d. Topaz wanted at 10s. Wild Horse, sellers at 3s. United Australian Fire Insurance Com pany sold at 3s, sellers cum div., closing buyers 2s 9d ex div., sellers 3s. Federal Bank, sellers 7s, buyers 63 9d. Monte Piete, wanted at 53. National Fire Insur ance sold at 18s 3d, and wanted at 17s 9d. Fatal Accident. — Our Albury corres pondent on Friday writeB : — A lamentable accident, which resulted fatally, occurred last evening. From what I can learn, Mrs Harrison, wife of one of the warders at tne Aioury uaoi, was ngnung a nre about half -past six p.m. and threw upon it some kerosene, the flame from which caught her drpss. Two of the neighbors;, who were speiedUy on .the scene, threw a blanket' round her and extinguished the- flames, but not before the ;poor. ypmap was so severely burnt that aI»out,9 o'clock the . sarpe evening she succumbed to the injuries received. Much sympathy is felt for Mr Harrison and the members. <jf his family, the latter of whom are. grown up and some married ; as both the deceased- and her husband have always been highly respected. Mr Harrison is a very old Government officer. An inquest will be held this afternoon. Embezzlement. — A young man, named Frederick Carr, who had been ' employed in the Shepparton Receipt and Pay-office', has been arrested on a charge , of em bezzling Government money. The offence . is alleged to have been committed in July last. -Carr was promoted to Shep- parton from Geelong, where his relatives reside, ' : A Necessary Precaution. — Wax vestas are regarded as being most dangerous in country districts during the summer months, and shire councils have urged the Chief Secretary to devise some measure whereby the use of any but safety matches may be restricted. During the summer mouths particularly, the serious bush tires which devastate valuable properties are ascribed in great measure to the care less disposal of wax matches, which are thrown aside half lighted. In view of the serious losses recently sustained by those fires, the councils are desirous (states the " Argus") that the Government should as sist the farming interest iu securing the necessary protection. Mr Grant will con sider the question at an early date, and will remitjitfordeliberation by the Cabinet. Weslbyan. — The following are the stations for 1882 in connection with the Ovens and Murray District, as officially announced in the " Wesleyan Spectator — Beechworth, Rev. James de Q. Robin, M. A. ; Wangaratta, Rev. John Adams ; Benalla, Rev. James Lowe ; Yackandan- dah, one wanted ; Wandiligong and Bright, Rev. Charles Sanders); Albury and Wo donga, Rev. John C. Macdougall ; Ruther- glen, one wanted. The Rev. James de Q. Robin is the chairman of the district. The Rev. W. Brown, at present sta tioned at Beechworth, has been transferred to Clunes. Re- marriages. — The following interest ing particulars respecting re-marriages in Victoria appear in the "Victorian Year-book" for 1880-81 :— In 1880, 603 widowers and 520 widows re-entered the marriage state. During the last seven years more widowers have re-married than widows. Formerly it was , different. In the six years ended with 1873 the widowers re-entering the marriage state rmmVvrtrpri 513S51 and fha nriAmo QSOQ and at earlier periods in the history of the colany the preponderance of re- marriages of widows over those of widowers was even greater than this. Such a circum stance would be likely to happen only in a country in which females are much less numerous than males, and the reverse having been the case of late years affords in direct proof that the proportion of mar riageable females to marriageable males in the population has increased. In England and Wales, during the twenty years ended with 1874, 48 per cent, more widowers re-married than widows, the number of the former being 490,912, that of the latter 332,428. The Beechworth Clerk of Courts. — We hear that Mr F. J. M. Marsden, clerk of courts at Wangaratta, is about to be transferred to Beechworth in succes sion to Mr R. McNiece. The "New York Times" Burnt. — We are informed by cable on Thursday morning that a fire broke out in the office of the " New York Times" shortly before the usual time of the paper going to press. The flames gained ground so rapidly that the inmates had great difficulty in escaping ; some scores of them being "burnt, a large number fatally. The "Argus" supplies the following particulars respecting the property destroyed: — The "New York Times " office was situated in Printing- house Square, near the Post-office and City-hall, New York. It occupied a con spicuous corner in Newspaper-row. The building was four-storied, and had ex tensive frontages to three streets. Only a portion of the premises was occupied by the " Times' " offices on the ground, the first and second floors being let to firms and individuals. (The whole building, however, was known as. the "Times" office, it being the custom in cities like New York for newspapers to erect a colossal edifice, and allot part of the ac commodation -to persons requiring single rooms or small snit.es. fn UowononQi.. row, New York, staud some of the most striking city land-marks visible from the decks of the vessels approaching the wharves or crossing the harbor, and amongst the number the "Times" office was entitled to hold a leading, place. The "Times" is one of the best-conducted newspapers in the States. Its views are Republican.. El Dorado Police CouAt.— On Wed nesday, before Mr W. -H. .Foster, P.M., and Mr J. Hollow, J.P., the following cases were heard:— North Ovens Shire Council v Wm. Dowling: Claim 16s, amount of rates, i Order for amount ; in default, distress. | Same v Isaac Bridge- foot : Claim £2. j Order for amount ; in default, distress. Same v Owen Hickey : Claim 63. Summons not served. Same v Alfred Dale : ! Claim £2. Order for amount ; in default, distress. Same v. Amelia. Burke : Claim 12s. Order for amount ; in default, distress. Same v Wm. Burke : Claim 5s. Order for amount ; in default, distress. Same v George Homal : Claim 2s. Summons not served. James Bulli'edsummoned JameaMurphy for being illegally on his premises. Complainant did not put in an appearance, and defendant, who admitted the chargej asked for the expenses of two witnesses he had been at the trouble of bringing from Tarrawingee. The Bench dismissed the case, and awarded the defendant 32s costs. ; in de fault of payment, distress. There being no applications, itne court adjourned. " Fatal Accident,.— A-,old aud esteemed resident of Benalla, Mr James Forsyth, met his death on Tuesday last through being kicked in the. abdomen by a herse at his farm, a few miles distantfrom Benalla. Medical aid was: at once called in ; but the injuries sustained were' so severe that 110 hope was held out, and he died on Tues day morning. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr W. Blackburne, J.P: A post-mortem had been made by Dr Nichol son, whose evidence proved that death had been resulted from a rupture of a small intestine, caused ; by a kick- from1 a horse. A verdict of accidental-death, in accord ance with the medical testimony,' waB returned. ; . Cricket. -r A; match pet ween the Se'y-, raour and Benalla Clubs will be played oh the Benalla ground to-day. The Visitors will, arrive by the first train, and1 an enjoyable game is anticipated. The fol lowing comprise the . Benalla- team : De Groot, Clark, Kain, Louch, Jordan, Brock, Sadleir, Murray, Kit'son, P. and E, N. Moore ; emergency, J. - Chandler. Moonlight Concert. — It. has been de- cided that, ih order to augment the funds of the Benalla Free Library, a.1 moonlight concert' shall be given on the local cricket ground. ' The matter is now in the hands .'of , gentlemen- who .will use every: effort; to make success ; and as this is 'the first. attempt at anything 'of the sort, we f pel sure that the efforts of the pro- mo'torP; jrill "be- rewarded. \- W 09m arg ama. — One of the most de structive bush fire's of the season has been raging . on' the' Woomargama run since Saturday. . Afeiit'.one-third of the grass on the run has -been destroyed, besides an immense amount "of fencing. The home stead itself was preserved with the great est difficulty. -v Several .of tha. selectors on the Mullengapdia side have also sustained lossth'rough the fire. : Great regret is ex pressed at the; rather sudden, death of Mr D; jaines, at Little Billaboxig. The de ceased was igfeatly.estegjned, for his kind disposition.' His re mains ..we re. in t e r red; at the.- Wpomargama cemeterr.-Wljfeah- ner." Accident. — Last week an accident of a very simple nature,- but attended with very serious results, happened to Mr John Grimmond, at Graham Bros,, Netherby Flour Mills, Corowa, where he was em ployed. Being engaged in stacking wheat, and conveying the bags from the drays to \ the stacks by mean3 of trucks, lie received a alight abrasion on the knee from a pass ing truck, drawn by one of the Messrs Graham Bros. He took little notice of the occurrence at the time, but by and by symptoms of an alarming nature set in, and he had to be removed to Chiltern. It is now feared that the limb wiil have to be amputated. — " Free Pres3." Bungowanna Station.— We learn that this valuable property, with all improve ments, has been sold to a gentleman in tlin Wnoforn Dioft-inf frtr HHA A Letter Carrier for Corowa. — For the first time since its existence as a town a letter carrier was yesterday seen in the streets of Corowa.— " News." Racing Calendar. — We have received a copy of the first number of the "Vic torian Racing Calender," published under the auspices of the Victoria Racing Club. The contents of the publication comprise announcements of meetings to be held during the year i'd various parts of the colony and other information of an in teresting character to patrons of the turf. The Incoming Mail. — The Peninsular and Oriental Company's mail steamer Rosetta, which arrived at Albany on Tues day evening, should reach Hobsou's Bay next Tuesday morning, we learn from the " Age." This vessel, it is expected, will be followed by the company's new steamer Shannon, a vessel of 4309 tons aud 4000 horse-power. Cornish United. Bright. — The half- yearly meeting of the Cornish United Company, Bright, was held at the office, 10 Bourke-sireet west, Melbourne, on Tuesday the 31st January ; Mr H. Nickless in the chair. There was a good attendance of shareholders. The directore reported : We have the satisfaction of again inform ing you of the continued improvement of the mine ; the country around is be coming more settled in appearance, and the stone, to look at, is all that could be desired. So far as it is possible for us to judge, it is our opinion that we are in the immediate locality of rich gold. For the past six months your directors have made three calls of one penny each — £250, and for the satne Deriod we have won from the mine llloz. 15dwt. of gold, for which we have obtained £441 7s 3d., very nearly £4 per oz. You will see by the balance-sheet our position is a sound one. In accord ance with the. company's deed, your directors and auditors retire from office, but are eligible for re-election. The mining manager reported: — I have the honor to report progress of works at your mine for half-year ending 31st December, 1881\. The lower tunnel has been driven a distance of 80 feet, passing through two shoots of payable stone. The first where cut in tunnel is 18 feet in length and 1 foot in thickness ; but in rising and stoping out, the reef increased in width varying from 5 to 8 feet, and still showing good payable gold, and the length has ex tended to 25 feet. The second is 40 feet further north, and here the reef is from 2 to 14 feet wide wide, but only carrying pay able gold for about 1 foot right in the centre of the reef up to the present; but it is in fine slate country, and there is every probability of the gold spreading through the reef, instead of being confined to the centre. Taken altogether, I con sider the prospects of the company are good enough to warrant my saying that before long the returns from the mine will enable you to commence paying divi- x MM J Mm 6H 1« M M T J t- uouua. luuuwuig uireccors were elected for the coming six months, viz1":— Melbourne — Messrs T. Y. Anderson, W. Lee, G. V. Smith, H. Nickless ; Bright — Messrs T. Brennan and J. Morgan. The auditors, Messrs T. Main and J. Lang, were re-elected. According to the balance- sheet, the cash in bank amounted to £170 16s 4d. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Freeburgh. — The correspondent of the " Alpine Observer" writes : — Mining in general is dull just now. I hear the old Alpine Company is re-constructed, but work is to ' be energetically carried on under the superintendence of Mr J. Foote. The Dillon reef is looking a little better, and I hear that Messrs Beckton and Pea cock have hit upon some more of the real stingo, in fact, some of the real original bottom stuff. Messrs Maguire and George Beon intend to put through sixty or seventy tons, and from present appearances it will pay pretty decently. I don't hear of any new finds, but I hear of some who are going to give these hills a thorough pros pecting, so we may expect something good turning up any day. On Monday, the 23rd January, at about half-past 3 in the afternoon, we experienced a rather sharp shock of earthquake. Some of the houses again, and I wa3 told by a party who was fishing up German Creek that he was sitting on a large log at the time, and it fairly trembled under him. The races for Easter Mondav are now sure to- come off A list" was' sent round last Saturday evening, and in a very slier t time about £14 was collected, which looks well for a start. Mining at Wandiligong. — Tlie " Al pine Observer's" correspondent writes that : no very important crushing? Have been made at the quartz claims there lately, with the exception of a parcel from Mr H. Gladder 's reef, which went, slightly over two ounces to the ton. 1 A large number of parties are getting stuff out for the stamps. An alluvial rush on a small scale caused a considerable stir for a day or two on the Upper Growler's Creek ; the results, however, have not been im portant. , . " Case of Sticking-up. — An tele gram from Mudgee states : The mail bey from Crudine was stuck up on Thursday at M'D'ohald's' Creek by a middle-aged man,'" who presented a revolver and demanded the two mail bags. The lad complied with the request, and on his arrival at Mudgee reported the matter to the police, who have started in pursuit of the robber. Inquest at Gerogery.— An inquest Was held on the body of Samuel Jones, pub. lican, of Gerogery on Tuesday last, by Mr Maunaell, the district coroner. It appears from the evidence of various .witness that deceased had been riding a " flash" horse, which was known to be in the habit of, " propping ;" that he had been galloping hard, ' and had been- "thrown; 1 and ;ap-. patently' been instantaneously Killed— for only two hours elapsed between his leav ing his hotel at Gerogery to the time of the body being brought back. ' No one witnessed the accident. Dr Andrews de posed : I have examined thd body Of the deceased, and find no external wounds ; the blood was, oozing from the left, ear, mouth and nose. I have heard the evi dence, and am of opinion that the probable cause of death was injury-to the head, caused by a fall from his horse. The jury found that the deceased, Samuel. "Jones, was killed on the 30th : January, on ..the. Gerogeiy-road, by ' bting -thrown . from> a ' horse he waa riding; " ,.. Bush-Fires. — As usual at this season of the year, bush-fires are raging in various parts of the colonies, and accounts of much damage, and consequent loss, being caused thereby are numerous. The town of Beechworth is surrounded on all sides by fires, which have been burning for the past week upon the adjacent hills, and the ranges, extending from Barwidgee to the Six Mile (beyond Stanley) is almost one uninterrupted line of fire. The destruc tion of fencing and grass has been great. For instance, the paddocks of Messrs John Scanlan and Timothy Sullivan, at Hurdle Flat ; of Mr John French, at Whorouly ; of Messrs Leonard, Carroll, Evans and Brown, at Barwidgee, and of farmers in other localities have been ravaged by the devastating element ; and the loss occa sioned cannot be properly estimated, as not only is the grass and fencing destroyed, but the new growth of the former will have the effect, when eaten by horses and cattle, of injuring, oftentimes to a fatal extent, those animals, owing to its scour ing properties. Our Albury correspondent, writing on Friday states: The devouring ele ment fire and water have had quite a carni val time of it in Albury lately, and it is to be hoped we shall be favored with a cessa tion of the exhibition of their terrible powers for some time to come. The smoke from the bush-fires in the vicinity is still unpleasantly perceptible. The river is very low. Richmond Larrikins. — The Richmond Bench are doing their best to repress the growing audacity and brutality of the gangs of larrikins who infest that suburb. On Wednesday morning four young vaga bonds, named Edward Smith, Walter Wilson, Thomas Ccle and Frederick Bishop, received exemplary sentences for assaulting and beatiDg the police and civilians on the night of the 21nt ult. The first three got six months', and the fourth nine months' imDrisonment. the henr>h at. the same time complimenting the witnesses on the manner in which they had sup ported the police in the execution of their duty, reports the " Mail." The New Agent-General. — The ac ceptance of the post of Agent-General by Mr R. Murray Smith is a matter for con gratulation upon all sides, observes the " World." The colony will secure an able servant ; the Liberal party will be freed from a dangerous opponent, and the|Constitutionalists not weakened by the withdrawal of one of the several would-be leaders. Some time back we commended the possible appointment of Mr Murray Smith to the Speakership. We can speak with similar approval of him as an A<ent- General. He is a good business man, and a gentleman in every way qualified to do justice and credit to the colony. Mining on the Pacific Coast. — Some idea of the wealth of the mines on the Pacific coast may be obtained from the fact that in 1877 there was £15,200 on de posit in the savings banks of California. This is the largest amount of money ever held by the banks of the State at one time, and its accuriiulation was the result of the mining prosperity that had prevailed for some time previous. A Singular Incident. — A singular in cident is reported by the "Charlton Tribune" to have happened on one of the extremely hot days last week at the station at Wycheproof of which Mr E. P. M. Margetts is manager. A bucket half-full of water was suspended over a well, the cover of which was shut. Towards evening there was occasion to use the bucket, when betwen j40 and 50 dead parrots were found in it. The birds (ex hausted by the heat) had no doubt gone to the bucket for a drink, but having »ot in could not get out again, and being solnuch crowded together, could not spread their wings for a flight. They were all drowned. A School-room Robbery. — Durino- the earlv hours of last Sunda-o- m.. Presbyterian schoolroom in the.Punt-road South Yarra, was broken into, and the children's money-boxes, 26 in number, rifled of their contents. An entry was effected into the premises by breaking a pane of glass in one window, and, as is conjectured, passing a boy through, w;ho then facilitated thej entrance and de parture of the thief by unlocking the door from the inside. Thirty shillings in silver and copper were taken from" the boxes, which had been taken out of a cup board where they were kept, and which had been open. The paltry robber ap pears, however, to have overlooked a quantity of more valuable but less avail able property, which remained undis turbed. Information was given to the police by the Rev. D. S. Maxwell, but up to the present no clue has been obtained of the perpetrator of the robbery.— " Mail." Forging and Uttering.— On Satur day Mr Schwenzel, of the Victoria Hotel, Ku'herglt-n, cashed two cheques for £'2 and £1 10s respectively, purporting to f-e signed by John Howard, Wahgunyan. It was afterwards discovered that botli were forgeries, the signatures being clumsy imitations, and the matter was reported to the police. The man has not yet been taken. — ' Free Press." Hotel Changes. — The Royal Hotel Corowa, so long and sucessfully carried on by Mr W. F. Martin is to have a new landlord ; as the proprietor, .acknowledg- iner the necessity of a few .vears of rest- ' after a more than ordinarily busy life-time, has decided on retiring to his farm and accepting as a tennant for the hotel: Mi G. Louch, of Benalla. It will seem strange at first to frequenters of the house, to miss the old familiar face, but Mr . Louch comes to us well recommended, and .will, doubtless, soon usurp the old host's place in the eyes of his customers. Mr Louch is not altogether unknown in Corowa. As a cricketer and footballer he has ever taken an active part in club matters in Benalla, and has accompanied the teams on several visits to this district —"News." Those Railway: Passes.— Our Portland correspondent telegraphs that that far-off town has been inundated by Parliamentary talent. Amongst other members, Mr Zox has been there, and Mr M'Coll, and Mr Tucker. The gentlemen have no political connection whatever with the town, but are either enjoying themselves, or are transacting business. Yet we are credibly informed that they went down on free passes. And how, it may be asked, can this be reconciled with the abolition of free passes, and with the con duct of the railwavH on commercial nnV ciples 1 Tales have also appeared in the pres3 of another issue of passes to" three of the fair sex, who are somewhat dubiously described as "members' ladieB." And no denial has been given to the report that Mr Mirams travels from hiB house to the .office of the Premier Building Society not "on a ticket paid' for by that society, or by himself, but on< a political pass. So with every other member. We hear of scores of instances of their making business ex cursions for nothing by virtue of political favor. This is very sad, and also it is very wrong, because while the M.L.A. re ceives £300 per annum to meet his politi cal expenses, he can have no legitimate claim to pickings and perquisites in his private capacity. We have never objected to Mr Bent's abolition of passes, nor do we believe that the country at all sympa thises with the virulence with which he has been assailed in connection with the matter. What the country woiildlike to see is the commercial principle . .a little more, thoroughly ' applied.. — " Evening Mail." . Cure of Dipsomania.— Dr Jurie, a pro minent physician of Vienna, tells of tiv" complete cures of dipsomania effected b him in an extraordinary mariner. One the cases was that of an habitual drunkard who was picked out of the gutter by the' police, and was handed over to th doctor's treatment, in the " Convctio8 Hospital," for a period of fourteen days'1 The doctor at once ordered that everv article of food or drink given him should receive a liberal addition of whisky „f not over refined quality. Water, milk8 soup, meat, and vegetables were all treated in this way, aud whisky was even iufused into the air that he breathed, through satu ration of the walls, floors, and beddin» At first the man proclaimed himself hia'-X satisfied with his treatment, and arid |jg would always like to ha e such a sensible physician. The second day, however he began to reel nausea, the third day he vomited immediately after eating, and thereafter not a meal was taken that was not followed by vomiting. From day t0 day he experienced increasing torment and finally begged piteously for relief The result was that at the end of two weeks, though much reduced in flesh he was filled with such repugnance for stroir drink that he was uever afterwards able to indulge in it again. The other case men tioned by Dr Jurie was of a similar clia racter, and was treated by him in the same way, and with equal success. A Hint to Farmers — A w..nd-rfid discovery of fresh water was mad- lU3t week at Oongupna, by Mr Owen j..ne3 (says the "Numurkah standard.") That gentleman on Monday ran 'completelv ouj of his supply for domestic purposes at once determined to try, sinki-cr he lieving that several days -'would ek 3e before he could reach the precious fluid Judge of hi3 astonishment when o five feet from the surface he struck a beau ifal afrooni nf froaLi roo for Thuvn in ... _. . an abundance of water, which will pr07e most acceptable to the fortunate owner as the district in which Mr Jones resides is many miles from a permanent supply The Late Hon. Patrick Higgins.— On Tuesday a special train conveying the mortal remains of the late Hon. Patrick Higgins, a member of the Legislauve Council of New South Wales, arrived in Albury from Sydney. The coffin wus en closed in an unplumed hearse, which was taken from the train and conveyed by Messrs Crawford and Co. to Wodonoa where it was placed on a truck and taken by the 6.10 a.m. train to Melbourne. On arriving at Spehcer-street (we leara from the " Ar«us"l the truck wl.ioi. o / > uimt »raa nexc to the engine, was detached, and the hearse having been safely landed, the funeral procession was formed, nnd.:r the direction of Sir P. A. Jennings. There was a very large assemblage of Old Vic torian friends of deceased on th« platform awaiting the arrival of the train, including Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Mr J. H. Graves Mr R. Burrowes, Mr J. M. Grant, Judge Nolan, Messrs F Walsh, J. Toolicy, J. Orkney, and S. Fraser, M.L.A's ; Hon. J. G. Dougharty, M.L.C. ; Dr Ryan, Messrs Jenkin, Collier, F. Qninlan, P,' O'Brien, and P. P. Labertouche. Amongst the Sydney friends who accompanied the remains were Sir, P. A. Jennings, Mr J. Kerr Clark (representing Sir John Robert son), Messrs T. Wilton aud E. Lee. On reaching the gates of the Melbourne G:ne- ral Cemetery at 10 minutes past 3 ;he procession was met by some of the princi pal dignitaries of the Roman Catholic Church, including the Vicar General (Dr Fitzp&trick;), the Very Rev. Archbishop O'Meara, the Very Rev. Dr Corbet, t, Dean Moore (Vicar-General of the diocese of Ballarat), the Rev. J. Mulhall, S. J., and the Rev. Oliver Daly, S.J. Acolytes, bear ing lighted candles, preceded the hoarse to the place of interment, and Arehptiest O'Meara having recited the prayers for tne aeaa in accordance witn the Koman Catholic ritual, the coffin was deposited in the family vault. The tunertl proo.-sion comprised upwards of 30 private and pub lic vehicles. The pall-bearers wore S r P. A. Jennings," the Hon. J. M. Grant, Messrs R. Goldsbrough, A. W. R .burt- 80.1, M. O'Sharmassy, E. Fitzgerald, T. Wilton, and L. Pendergast. The Russian Men-of-War.— Apropos of the visit of the Russian men-of-war to Hobsou's Bay, the following extract from the " Nnv.tl aud Military Gazette" "f 30th November last will be read with int rest: —"A lecture was delivered i-cently before the members of the Imperial Technical Society at St. Petersburg, on ' Cruiser Warfare,' by Commodore L. P. Semetchkin, who had control ..f the Russian cruiser operations in America in 1878\. An account of these was published under the title of ' The Story of the Rus sian Cruisers,' by Charles Marvin, in the " Army and Navy Magazine" for January, and were but briefly adverted to by. the lecturer, who said his remarks concerned more the future thau the past. In his opinion, the cruiser question was a State question. Russia's rival and enemy- England — was impregnable so far as her navy was concerned — no European Power could surpass her in that — but she could be both crippled and ruined by a regular Beries of cruiser attacks against her mer cantile marine, her Indian coast, and her colonial possessions, Russian cruisers need not be very numerous, but they must be | swift, carry extremely heavy armaments, _ and be furnished with a large capacity for the stowage of coal. They should be trained to act singly, like a Cossack picket to look for no support, and to dispense with any base. The best cruising grounds he considered to be the Norwegian coaHt, a the Atlantic and Pacific Beaboards of the 5 United States, both sides of South America, and, above all, the China seas. ; He would have a cruiser bureau attached to the Russian Admiralty, where a careful £ record should be kept of the actual con- f dition of the English marine, and the best " „ routes for privateers, ; and .whence, on an j outbreak .of war, .should be forthcoming p for the use of the cruiser captains During his lecture the commodore ex- ! hibited maps, on which the best cruising grounds were marked .out. These had been intended for the use of the cruisers' in 1878. At the request of the lecturer, .4 a committee was appointed to report upen the whole question of cruiser- warfare. " , The Minister of Lands at Omeo.— Mr Wallace, M.L.A., for Benambra, accom- panied by the Minister of Lands, and Messrs Gillies and Biackett. M.L.A.'s, I left Omeo on Tuesday morning for Wo j ' donga, via Snowy Creek. They were escorted to Omeo Plains by members of £ the shire council and residents, and enter- tained at a luncheon on .the banks of Lake .j Omeo. From thence- 'they- proceeded to Hinnomungie station, on the Mitta Mitfa River, at which place hoTses were mounted, and a start made for Wombat. Creek, where they arrived at 5 p.m. They were there met by fresh horses, and this morning the mountain was crossed to Granite Flat. The party expressed themselves highly de lighted with the trip, and surprised at the large quantity of laud available for selee- tion. They expect to reach Melbourne on J Tuesday. . | The Rev. T. J. Egan.— We learn with j regret jhat the Rev. Father Egau, Roman Catholic clergyman at Wangaratia.hasbeou I confined to his bed for the last few dayf. -r i? attended 011 ty Drs Hutchinson ana Macfarlane, and we are sorry to. hear that the nv. gentleman's state of health is fat from being .satisfactory to- his medics' atteidauts. V . . . . - 