KILacOsE: ROAD RUSse.-AB fresh hole was bottomed at this rush on M~on day. jast, from~which. a nugget was ob tamnedweighing. 2oz. l3dwt. Only one or~two of the claims formerly yielding gold condonne payable,. and the number of men at work has slightly, diminished for the present. Nosevo COSTEEFrLD. Co.--Last week, we regret to state, the crushing at the above company's mine was suddenly stopped. by. the breaking of the plunger. which we understand will take about another week to repair. 'rhe mine, however,, still looks very well. MININIG BOARD~ ELECION. -The approaching Mlining Board Election is likely to be a very closely contested one in the Heathcote division. Mlr. Sims the retiring member will it is un derstood *be opposed by Mr. H. Thomas, Mlr. H. I3rowne, M~r.. Mloodie, (Costerfield) and Mr.Palling. As all the candidates are well, known throughout the district and· all have numerous friends,, the polling~day Is likely to be a very. lively one: A spirited canvass is already being made by most of the aspirants.for the vacant seat, Tast Daouosrr.-Thisseason threat ens to be even more serious than the last as regards the want of water in this neighbourhood. In the back gul lies the supply both for gold washing and dlomestic purposes is absolutely done, and the wrant is already keenly felt by many families who have to travel a distance of miles to obtain drinking water. It isto be feared that much actual distress will be experi enced unless we are favoured with timely rains. CRICKET;--The following are the players chosen to represent Heathoote in the match against Costerlield on the local ground on Saturday next :--Boyd. Borthmvick, Caldwe~l, Morgan, J. Par her, W. Parker, A, Parker, W. C. Robinson, Win. Robinson, Sinclair, and Scobel; emergency. C. E. Sppinks; ucopise, Ms~ W.. May; scorer, M~r. M1. Ord. 'Nh. team to represent Caster field will he chosen from the following players :--S. Bratdley, Ak. Dowrlingr, J. Forbes, R. Harding, W. Hardiny, T. Hollis, C. Hiohlis, R. Hall, J. K~emp, J. Moaodie, J. M'rPherson, F. M'Nicol, J. Robinson, and J. Shaw. The wickets are to be pitched at 10 o'clock;. ACCIDENT.-A rather serious acci dent hspp~ened to M~t. A. J. Fullsam, manager for Mr. Jenkins, while o.i his way borne to M\ooratbbee on Thursday evening lsst. liewas riding ait a pretty smart pace in order to catch up to some one ahead, and when paesing the fence along thle embankment near the north end of the Borough, one of tile stirrups got loose, and he was thrown from his horse. The spring bar of the saddle was afterwards also found to have been broken. Mr. Fulbam was found insensible by a resident close by, who rendered every assistance possible. A messenger wvs despatched to MIr. Farley wrho sent his trap down, and ilad the sufferer conveyed to his hotel, and thence to the hospital, where it was found he had received in juries to the head and arm, had his nose broken, and also one foot wvrenched and bruised o good deal, lhe remaining unconscious till after his admission to the hospital, He had sufficiently recovered to leave tlse institution on Sunday evening, and speaks in high terms of the treatment he received there, and the creditable anti cleanly manner in which the insti tion was cundnctcd, 4 _ Eussi Fsaasf.--OUr exeb~arigev' inform us thlat very devastating bush fires occurred on Sunday last osi parts- of the Dividing Range near to tancefl~ield. The dames spread over a distance of twenty miles along the range, destroy ing flinces, buildings; and muc½ valu able standing timberi seeceral home. stea's had also anarroWv escape. The destraction of propes'ty, including sheep, is serious,· and will be greatly. felt. Extensive fires of the same character have also been experienced-· about Kil more, Seymour, and in seiesal: other localities to the westward and south wavd. UITIIOFRACTEUR ExSPLosrOs.--Aresl-. rieat of this town had some experience lately which illustratededraher forcibly the dangerous character· of lltbofrapteur 'and the care necessary.- in. handling it. He was hammering out, on an anvil, a tin case wllich.had! originally contained white -lead, but which had~snbseqxsently been used for~ holding; lithofracteur, when an explosion took, place; think-. ing-ic was -a caip wrJsichilsad~accidentally been left in the -ti0, he kept on with his work when at second. and louder ex plosion took.-place, injuring one. of his hands.. The· only. expleunation of- the occurrene-is that some grains of the expineive had become imbedded in the 'white lead and wvere ignited. by. the blows of the hammer. Szamous. Eswxcrs. OE. BATHING.- Since chronicling the- death. of the no-. fortunate young man, Thomas Harrop, who we stated: in- our- last, issue· died. from, pneumonia and: inflammation of the lungs, caught while, attending a threshing machine,, we- learn, that another lad., named. James- K~ennedy, who was working at-the same machine, and whose parents reside at Redesdale, - was admitted to the Hospital sufi'ering from the same complaint. It appears that after work, and while in ahkeated staeq.the unfortunate-young men went. into a-creek- for a- bathe,, the-. sudden plunging in the cold water proving too great a shock to the system, and being attended.with the- result named. We are glad to state, however,.that though. at first little hopes were entertained of the lad- Kesnnedy's recovery,, he lies. now got-over the worst stage. of, his. illness, and- is-now farst imprevlng~. Tnz E A~THER.-ABS we surmised~ in our last wecek's- report, southerly~ winds have - prevailed, wfith- an occa sional inclination to S.E1. and S.WI. up - afternoon of 28th, when wind, changed. from SE.E to N.W; at noon, bringing ,with it heat. On Sunday 29th we -were favored with. a "L-regular brick-. fielder," and; the hottests day of the season, th~e- thermometer registering 115'-in the ann, and 1090 in the shade, the atmosphere being hot and dry, and. the- air heavily oharged with, smoke from-buslh- fires;. wind due N. up to 6 p.m.,. when it veerefito W.,. and~ later in the evening to- FS:W. On the 30th wind S.W.-hiot and sultry--thresten. ingrain at noon; at 2-p.m. steady rain commenced, hut was of short duration, a change of wind to S. clearing it off. From. this to present time we have been favored with superb weather, southerly breezes and cool evenings. On 3Qth the ranges all round H~eath. cote wer~e enveloped in. smoke from - bush-fires, The highest temperature was on the 29th (as above mentioned'), the lowest on evening of 31st, 420. MZean temperature for-week 740, Rain gauge 0.05.;. total rainfall for menth 0.14. Barometer rising, and: proba bility of further cool. weather.· for. few days. 