¶1RII REVC W. SEOCO~IaE:-Tlie Sandburat correspondent of thle "ABge" writing, under Saturday's date says: irhe'Rev. ~V. Seccomb~e who was, at one timne connected with, tile Sand burst· press, but left to join the. United Melthodist Free.Church denenjination, has successJfully passed his third year's examination, audh een appointed to a church in the n~etropolis. He. has re ceutlyv been. st 'i.'olleen.. LECTURE.-It .is . announcedi by pOeters tha~t the 11ev. 5. 5. Brown, of Snahicry·, will dejiver a lecture entitled M'histaken Notionsl" as follows.-At the Wesleyan Chur~ch Berrinal, on T(uesday 7th ; tile Wesleypva Church, :Coaterfield, on Wednesday. 8th, and at .the Town Hlall, Healtilcote, on 'I'urs day 9th March. The proceeds are to be~dev~oted. to.the.Hesthcotet, W-ealcyan Circuit·fund. M~1isam: BOARD. RTLEOTIOX.-ijhle election of one mleuber to repicesent thle ~Heathcote division in tile Sarudhuralt M~iningi Board; which, takes place on Saturdlay h~romnises to. he tile must excit ing. end closeli contested one that hlas yet takenplarcefur this division. The candidates, MUessrs. D. 51055, (retiriilg member), Hi. Thloma:s and 5. :~hoodie, are one klnd all,~ wor~king~ hard to oh~tmu the. v~calit seat, and it i eut~eulely doubtfull. wvhich will~ he soccesafol, each havingf agreat Ihlllber of frieinds. It is importarnt thllt thocse wishring to qua~lify thinamsilves to vote on Salturdaiy IlCxt slioidd knlow tllclt the receip~t anId paLy office wrill be closed aIt 13 o'clocke on tllat day, collsnqullonrly no milsers' nights caln he o:,tained after that hour. PETTY PIL~ERI NGO.-- Compla]intls reachl us of petty pilfering fLoIC dwell ings situuuund inl hack gullies, audciwhich take 1)111cc in the 3avr timne, whern thle ownrar are awlrly at wrork;. Unbloshjniu thlefts tA frulit are. dan~i continuanlly being: coununittedl fr~om thet small ganrdlens sium ro~undingf llots in secludted, places. If I~rcr wvould h~ut recollect thant nsmall o~tfenlces oh the kiind leadl to greater on~es and eventuallly hring trntuh,e and dis grace in their trails, they would, exer cise more. control and. sapervisjion over thrat sectionl of our pr~omnising youthl whon areI'Pt pr~ese~nt uIlulwcd, tQ~lo prelty CoeiiisrGNocecc.-In.n anewes to a cor resYponldent we hlave to. state tlio gentle maun iiassdc JTanice Moodie, wh~o is stand ing for the. Miinfig Beard is not the M\r. Mloodie, of Itedearstle, longa know~n here as one 01' thle old idientities of M~'Ivor. 'NUGGET.-A few daysB aoO we were shownYI a nice nugge~t wYeighling close on r~oc14dwt, said to hafve been obtained hy a party wor~king· at the rush near I~ilmore road. CnrscmEv,-The match between thle Australian Comubined team. end. thin English Eleven wee concluded at Sydney on Tuesdauy lest, resulting in a victory for thle combined, team, by ong run end five, wickects. THE: DicOUoITv.--The long droug~ht is. telling most disastrously ?n mnlly parts of thecolony, and is daily felt with. gseater severity' thro~ughout tlsis district. Around Heatbcote thereo is no water either fr. gold-watshingr or do mestic'purposes in most of thle hack gullies, and nearer the. town it is diifi cult to obtain anything lke astupply, for stock watering, or househlold use. ANSWER 'ro. COtxRsnPOSnEN'.-WeV decline topuiblisls the liaragrapli p~enned b~y Mlr. Scott, referring to thle report of thle late, public megting. Thle tone of his letter is insolent, dictatoriel and menacingr.. No injustice was intended or done to him in our columns. In future any speeches uaade by him will 'be palsed over without notice, and without coniment, in our columns, un less h~is threat is promptly apologised for. WVe should be wanting in respect to the public, or~our own position if we tolerated such an irnpudent- attempt a: intimidating the press'. Peorosno. AGRICULTURAL .SocsIrar. \--Circulers have been 'distributed pretty generally throughout the district notifying thaut aI meetfog of a joint com mittee of members of the MT'Ivor Shire Kand Heatheote. Borougih Councils lies been convened at thle Town Hall {eatli cots, to take the necessary preliminary steps, on. Wednesday March 8th. It is gratifying to notice that a really wellj~ organised effort is certain to be made~towairda~the. esctblishment of a local agr"iculturalj show. 1Ihs move ment deserves the hearty suppert of all well-wishers to the prosperity, of thle district. THE. WEATIIER.--DUring the past week it Isas aot altered from our last .report, clear sky and heat having pre dominated. On Thursday evening last there were indicaltions of a change, which on Friday at 9 a~m. were most indicative of rin1, the wvind being WV. but before neon a S. wind bleur all away the sky remaining clear, since thle time of wvriting h~owever there lire signs of a good rain, the barometer beings low, elnd I expect before. this appealrs in print to see a downpour that will caute rejoicings to one and all. The m~ean temperature for the wvcek lisa been somewhat high-SO10. Tule highest temperature recorded being'on the 17thl and l8th-1061, the lowest (491) being during evening of 16th. Large bush fires raging to S.S.W. have tendered to render thin heat for the past week most oppressive, the air being charged with dense sinolce. Rain Iles commenced since thle above mvuts written. * EChraNICS' ]NrSTITUTE.--ThC followY ing repsrrt of the last meeting of the committee of the Ineritute was crowded out of our last issule :-There were present on thle occasion, thle President. (Mr1. W. E. Lewis), M~essrs. Challen, W. Parker, Mlay, Dwvyer, Ord end Hutch insoa. After contirmetion ot thle minutes the Treausrrer stalted that the information askecd fot. from thle Ohief Secretary's department and by the Government statist haxd been surpplie~d. ) The President moved, and Mlr. Chsallen seconded, T'b at a soh-committee ho appointed, consisting of.the President, the Treasurer, time Secretary·, and Mlessrs. Hutchinson, and MI. Ord ,to consider the better dis posal of the newvspapers and; the generai management of the Tnstitulte, and that they report tlseir recommendations to the next monthly, meeting of- this general committee. After fixing the date for this meeting of the auh~comn miltee the meeting closed. A. meetfrg. of the latter has since been held, bnt their repoit must be enbmnittedl to the general committee before being poW hished. 