TOWN TALK. Oar fortnightly summary for transmission by the mail will bo published to- morrow. Reuter telegraphs that numerous arrests are being made in the south and west of Ireland of persons caught illegally drilling. The Sultan of Turkey has ordered his su zerain, the Khedive of Egypt, to observe all treaties made with foreign countries, and to maintain order within his own territory. Another instance of Mr Bent's "manage ment of the railways upon commercial prin ciples?" A young gentleman was travel ling from Quecnecliff to Melbourne yesterday with his papa, who is a member of the Legislature, when he produced a piece of pasteboard issued at Spencer-street, pro claiming him a "deadhead," which was duly honored by the ticket taker on presentation. It was understood that Mr Pent had gra ciously given each member of Parliament a railway pass for his wife. Has ho now provided that hon. members' families shall travel free 1 Tho sittings of the Assize Court, before his Honor Mr Justice Williams, commenced yesterday. One of the prisoners, named William Payne, pleaded guilty to a charge of having stolen a horse, at Lara, in JSTovem bor last, and was remanded for scutcncc. The charge of arson brought against George Hicks, the ex-constable, lasted until six o'clock in the evening, and the summing up of his Honor was postponed until half past nino o'clock this morning. Much in terest was taken in the prosecution, and the courthouse was crowded throughout tho day. In picking a jury the prisoner and Crown were very free in challenging, Hicks \ rejecting seven persons, and theCrovvn eight. ; A portion of the evidence was of a contra dictory character, and some of the state ments were very conflicting. A special train, conveying the Under Secretary to Colac, passed through Geelong I about ten o'clock on Sunday evening. The Under-Secretary had in his possession a number of documents, which required tho signature of his Excellency the Governor, who is at present on a visit to Mr A: K. Fiahiy. Tho Under-Secretary passed through Geelong, en [route to Melbourne, yesterday, about midday, after having obtained the necessary signature to the documents. A special meeting of the General Commit, teo of the Geelong Hospital was held yester day afternoon, when the resignation of Dr. Warren, the resident surgeon, was acccpted, and it was . decided, after a very lengthy discussion, to ask the honorary medical stuff of the hospital if they were willing to have the hospital beds divided among them, and placed under their control and responsibi I lity, and also to attend tho outdoor patients in rotation. A motion by Mr Jones, that applications be invited from gentleman wil ling to fill the position of resident surgeon, at a salary of £200, wag allowed to remain in abeyance, pending tho answer from the honorary medical staff, who are to be inter viewed on the subject by tho Hon so Com mittee, who will report tho result to the General Committee on Friday next. Some months since wo pointed out to the Town Council that a large tank, apparently well filled with water, which is situated in one portiou of the old Industrial School reserve, was in an insecuro state, aud that children playing on the covering ran a risk of falling into tho well. Notice was taken of it at the time, but tho Couucil decided not to take any action, as tho land was about to be offered for salo. It was offered, but not sold. Since then tho dangerous trap has existed on the land, which is unfeucod. On Suud.iy night a drunken man Was crossing tho"vacant allotment, and, in walking over tho well or tank, ho put one leg into tho opening in tho covering, and remained half in and half out of tho tank for a considerable period, until relieved by a well-known resident o£ Ryrie-street. There are two of the planks forming tho covering to the tank missing, and tho opening is sufficiently large to permit of a child falling bodily through it. Wo mention the circum stance in order to remind the Town Council. There was a conflict of evideuce given in the Court of Assize yesterday that will puzzle both judge and jury to decide. It arose during the hearing of the chargo of arson preferred against George Hicks, once a constable stationed in this town. Detective Kott stated that he had boen watching tho movements of Hicks for some weeks, aud on the morning of the 4tli December ho picked " up his man in Hope-street, and followed him to a place at Heruo Hill, where a fire took place, aud which, it was alleged, was occasioned by Hicks. Kott fixed tho time that ho saw Hicks at twenty minutes to orio o'clock, whilst a constablo named Gleeson asserted that ICett did not leave him until ono minute to one o'clock on the morning in question, and 'at least half a mile from tho place where Kett found Hicks. Tho matter is to be considered by the judge and the jury this morning. A meeting of those interested in the re gatta on the bay was held at tho Victoria Hotel last evening. The BnbscriptioDS re ported , to, havo been. received are almost sufficient to cover the expenses. . Great in terest in the regatta is already being mani fested' in yachting ciroles. It is probable that a grand display of fireworks will take place in tho ovouiug from a yacht moored ltt the bay, which, being a novelty in Cxeo* long, will assuredly attract many visitors from the surrounding district. - For some days past one or two of tho reai-" dents of Kyrie-street east have complained of the disappearance of chickens from their poultry yards. 0no of the complainants, who is better acquainted with the use of physic than the rearing of fowls, took it into his head that the neighbors' cats fed on tho young poultry, and a systematic poisoning of the feline prowlers has been conducted ; still the chickens have gone away mysteriously. The occasional visit of a large hawk to tho neighborhood is now attracting attention. Tho bird appears to favor tho locality with frequent visits, and, if unsuccessful daring tho day id picking up a stray chicken or two, it manages to create a disturbance among tho sparrows towards evening in a largo tree which overshadows a portion of the southern pathway in the thoroughfare named. A man named Thomas Anderson, aged 55 years, aud a boy named Thomas Ilolden, aged 16 years, were charged at the Police Conrt yesterday morning with having stolen 30 sheepskins, the property of Mr A. Hop kins, of Miinieriuke, Winehelsea, valued nfc £2 os. Mr Prico appeared for the defen dants. Mounted- Constable Kennedy, sta tioned at Leigh Road, gave evidence that he had watched the older defendant for Bome time, and had traced him and the lad from Murdeduke to Fyansford, whore he arrested them on Monday morning, about 2 o'clock, with the skins in their possession. He had seen the defendants together before tho day he arrested them. Samuel Gladman, overseer for Mr A. Hop kins, identified the skins as his employer's property. Sergeant Swale applied for a remand until Friday, to allow the police to prepare a case. The remand was granted, the lad Holden being allowed bail in one surety of £100. The father of the lad be came surety, and he was released. The Mayor, Mr Heron, P.M., and Messrs Lloyd, Pardey, Davey, Spalding, and Rutherford, Js. P., were on the Bench. A meeting of the members of the Li censed Victuallers' Association was held at the Prince of Wales Hotel last evening; Mr H Bannister (vice-president) in tho eliair. Ifc was decided to hold a picnic in connec tion with the association, at Clifton Springs, Drysdale, about tho middle of next month. On Friday evening, 3rd inst., the first annual soiree of the Meredith Presbyterian church, under the pastorate of tho Rev. J. Manby, was held. A bountiful tea was kindly supplied by the ladies in the church, whioh was tastefully dccorated for tho occasion ; after which aa appropriate concert was held in tho Shiro Hall, which was soon crowded by friends of all denominations. The chair was taken by rjLieutenant-Colonel Champ, who also make a kind donation to the funds of the clinreh. Mr Sydnoy Johnson kindly presided at tho instrument, and was ably assisted by Miss Johnson, Miss Mitchell, Miss Morgan, Miss Tait, Mr William and Miss Kid g way, Mr Davis, Mr Kortlang, and Mr Weir. Mr Johnson also sang very effectively. A cordial voto of thanks to th° ladies, singers, and chairman brought a most enjoyable and successful evening to a close. The ship Palawan completed her loading for England yesterday afternoon. She takes 11,499 bags of wheat from this port, part of the cargo, consisting of 3054 bags, having been shipped at Melbourne. Yesterday morning, about half-past eight o'clock, tho steamer Nemesis paid her second visit to this port. She arrived from New castle with about 1S00 tons of coal, and berthed alongside the Railway pier. The Nemesis left Newcastle for Geelong on Fri day, 10th inst., passed Wilson's Promontory oil Sunday aftcrnoou, entered Port Phillip Heads early yesterday morning, and arrived in the bay as stated, llic Nemesis met with fine weather throughout the passage. The Colac Reformer has been purchased by two members of tho Hamilton Spectator staff, Messrs Richmond and Hogarth. The Ballarat legal fraternity are again I agitating for the appointment of a County ' Court-judge for that district. A stock exchange has just been started in llobnrt, under the title of " The Hobart Stock Exchange." It has already a good number of members. One of the'rules com pels every member to give security for £50 that he will be faithful and lionost in his transactions. The following sensational case is re ported from Sandhurst:-Mrs Penborthy, a married woman, was smothered iu a sludge channel on Sunday night, whilst going to meet lier husband, a miner. It is conjectured alio was rendered insensible by a fall, and thus suffocated, as severe biuises were found upon her sides and face. Dargue, a lunatic, lately released from Braidwood gaol, broke into Cobb's store, at Major's Creek, New South Wales, on Saturday morning. Ho was discovered by Mr Cobb, and struggled so violently that he had to bo shot. He is in a critical condi tion. i A. Swan Hill telegram to the Mail says : A boy, named Willie Badderloy, was drowned whilst bathing in tlio Little Murray on Sunday. Iu recovering the body some human bones were found, supposed to belong to a man drowned some years ago near tho same spot. Large bushfires are raging in tho district. A pad accident happened at Sandhurst on Saturday to a woman named Mary Scott, which terminated fatally. It appears she was iu ttie act of stooping when one of the ribs of her corset injured her iu the stomach. The injury was so bad that sbo had to be taken to the Hospital, and au operation was per formed. Sho at lirst appeared to got better, but afterwards succumbed to her injuries. Tho Smythesdale correspondent of the Halhirat titur writes :-'' On the night of the 23rd ultimo souio fiendish individual cut off about 12 inches from the tails of four head ofjcattle iu the neighborhood of Illabarook. The matter is in tho hands of the local police, who unfortunately have not yet been able to obtain any clue to tho per petrator of the cruel and dastardly out rage." A telegram from Wilson's Promontory stateB that extensive bush fires are rag ing on tho Peninsula. During tho morning, with a north-west wind to fan tho flames, thev were rapidly travelling in a southerly direction. Mneh timber has been destroyed. Grass to a considerable extent has also been burnt, much to the detriment of the cattle stations. At noon tho weather had bccomo cloudy ana squally, with a prospect of rain* From a private letter we (tho A> iju-i) learn that a compauy is being formed in London for introducing the electric light into Aus tralia. The Duke of Manchester will bo chairman of tho board, and the provisional directors representing colonial interests will be Sir Samuel -Wilson, and Mr Gilchrist, of Sydney. Sir Herbert Sandford will represent the English companies whose systems of lighting are to bo employed. Wo are requested by Messrs Ducker and Co. to call attention to sale by auction this day, at 12 o'clock, of two four-room brick cottages, in SwanBton-street, as advertised. [!*lTho annual meeting of the Geelong Rifle Club will be held in tho Artillery Rooms to morrow evening. "Orient" notiliesin our advertising co lumns a consultation on tho Australian Cup. . Tho programme of the Birregurra Cricket Club's sports, to he held on St. Patrick's Day, is published in our advertising columns. Capital prizes are offered for several of tho events, and there ought to be a large number of entries. Tho programme is one of the most attractive issued at Bir regurra for somo years past. 