THE TEMORA GOLD-FIELDS. [By Telegraph, emora, April 18, Last night a magnificent sight wis visible in the heavens. At about 8 o'clock in the south-east there was seen a brilliant light, as from a large bush-fire, the country in that quarter being apparently all in a blaze. Gradually the light from a deep red began to pale, and from it shot up, as it were, huge mountains of light, changing into the most beautiful colours. This wonderful sight was then found to be the Aurora Australia, and it quickly disappeared to the north-west and back again to 'tne south-east. It lasted for some time and created quite a sensation. The other parts of the heavens were quite arctic in appearance, the stars shining with intense brilliancy, and the sky a deep blue. Afterwards the night was extremely cold, and towards morning almost freezing. The whole of the Melbourne Company's Nil Desperandum property at Possum Power is advertised for sale by the bailiff on Thurs day next. Ever since this Company was formed it has been sadly mismanaged, which is the cause of the present unfortunate catas trophe. Sykes and partv washed at South Aus tralian Puddling Company 5G5 loads, which averaged 14 dwt. per load. The {water in the Company's shafts is sufficient for 500 loads per week. Messrs. Solomon & Hunter, the purchasers of Jackson's property, pro ceed to-morrow to Barmedman to inspect it. Temora, April 19. There is no doubt that the beautiful aurora which was witnessed the other night has influenced the weather, for yesterday and to-day have been quite close and oppressive. Mr. Davidson, of East Mondamah, who saw the aurora at his station, believes it is the precursor of a wet winter. Mr. Davidson is a very old resident of the district from infancy, and he remembers only seeing the aurora three times before, the last being iu 1870\. and on each occasion the long period of drought has broken up and a very wet season has followed, so much so that in taking cattle over to Melbourne the country was almost impassable. A fearful case of destitution, and a sad death from it, is reported to have taken place. A poor woman named Fitzpatrick, whose husband has been unable to obtain work for some time past, having a large family of young children, was on her confinement bed,1 with no food in the house or money to buy it with. She was, it was said, taken with the pains of labour, and the doctors refused to go to her unless their fees were paid. A midwife (Mrs. Adams) confined the poor woman, and a neighbour attended her as well as she could afterwards. But the want of nourishment and attendance caused the poor woman's death, which occurred this morning. The children are in almost a starving condition, depending on the food from neighbours. Great disgust is felt at the apathy shown by the autho rities, who, with a little timely aid and judicial assistance, might have saved the poor creature's life. However, in justice to Sub-Inspector Lyons, who is well known for his attention to such matters, it should be said that he did not hear of the matter until after death had occurred. The people are naturally enquiring—Where was the Govern ment Medical Officer, and why did he not attend? If a Coroner were here an inquest should certainly be held. 