Aiti' vn-BXTiSNSrVTS BUSH FIRES. a Although -in 'ordinary years the latter end of tho-inonth-of Maroh is considered vory late for bushfires; 'still theytavo - at present burning In different parts rof the ' country. Our own im- mediate district (writes the Beridigo Advertiser) is'fhS sSeiie'ofa conflagration, 'threatening much prprfy " id the; ' Shire of Hurittyi . This' fire obgqri 'oti \ Thursday, and raged the whole of Friday' night.1'' ' So far the flame's havo their centre in aplacq.-lo.calty known as Phillips Gully, hut .when seen at" three o'olqck on Friday after- noonHke firo presented' a' front of at least fivo milcis.;"' 'It-. was thepabqut: seven miles distant from, Jibe ' tovmtbip 'of Huntly, on the "eastern side bf'Me' new" road going towards Kamarooka. It hps not? yet > broken- out ; of the bush, but already- lseVerahunfortunate- fossiokers who had huts .at Phillips' j Gully have been forced to abandon "to- theiflamos their. humble habitations together with/tiny propertythey possessed which they5 could1 hot carpy'away." -On Friday 'after noon tlie .firq had approached ; to within a .mile. ai?d-a naif of 'tUe' cultivated holdings of Mr Howe and was about, tho same distance from the farms of Mr'Cole'and Mr Burns'. There is sdme,:lrqpe Jlyjt/w hen; ' it ; reaches , the cleared ground !;Mdng'thb Joad, '''fdr(hbq'dtrqctidn-.'i|i be'gtea'Vnb'.pUp.tSid; a strong wind then b'ri bjqurjpg /tho, flames riuist be carriod across the. rqad; jandf much - valuable property, destroyed.- We have, nob heard of any stock, so far, having fallen /victims, vtyit owing .to want of food' and writer should-. the' :fire -spread r much further the star-vo'd and: weak a'nimtds will; bo unable to -fly. beforq it, and thus perish. ' Altogether tlie posit-idA i's-'most critical,' arid sad to' say, residents in the neighbourhood can do nothing to help themselves..,. Aecoilrfts' have also' been, received of extensive bushflres in the Black Forest, (near the town- shijw pf;rntham-p,nd.--Fernhill),--,and on tlje mges\cdn%uausl to MiL/Macedori.' : On Friday morning tlie chain of hills runpipg west from Mt. Mricedon, on thqrjgl&ljaiid; side of the railway line, was the scene of a large bushfire, which waqideavlyc'.qhsqi;yqble;>yheii,the poqn passenger train -sfrowteSanffiiurstLwaai passing. ,Tlie fire- wafl> not,-3ioWever,-'in an ihhabited locality, and beyetidlfhe-. consumption- qftimbernodamage up to the present lia3 been occasioned, -'although itfis friSrofl-.thiit tKeIfirerm'ay extehd't'o the farms' which lie beKdattftKe'liills. ' -On 'tho left hand side o|.the,iimy:e:lhe'Mo.mat is also on fire in set'efarpiices, 'but th'6 flames ' do not ', appear to bemaling any great, progress.; ' But the fifes i n 't ji'p; Black. Fores t appeal'; to "bd of much ' greater diihensionkV arid at _a,bput'.nihq of clock' last night the flames, yyqrejstiqofly spph.frpnf .the Kjuieton railway station. The country was illuminated for miles around, < the: dense, .undergrowth and heavy timberiofl the, fqrest providing material' of the mostiiiiflam triable! nature, j : Bush fires have been raging -throughout Fri day afternoon on tho /Pierpoiutj Strathkeller, and Erestxirtifblthb' estatesi' close " to" Hamilton which is full of smoke. . ; Ab, out a thousand acres have been ceiifjroyqd, o'ri'/tho Strathkellar estate. J Fire's" "broke out/in'' threo places ' at Prestonholmo.., fijlie/'one is still hurninfi'cridyjahdfthofe is rid. doubt that nil these fires', 'as " wdl fls. pne.'.'which , has consumed a tho.usqnd.aercs qf .iHHltlier smaller one on Mount .Sturgeon estate, and a large one -beyond;- Dunkeld,- wero caused -by sparks from the: failway- engine. Mr Pot'or Learmonth has only lost about 200 acres on. Prostonholmefrbut" the fire ' got amongst, anil qt was feared, entirety destroyed, a fine plan'tatiori of .trees -in which he proposed to - build a new residence. Theiel trees wore planted 18 years ago. Thbihushi ifiro". in.the ranges between ."Scan- dale a'nd>Linbon.coritinues:its destructive course and-.waSiOn Saturday; travelling towards Happy "VaUbjvrhavingispread over an area of' several miles. A large fife also ejcists intlie neighbour- hood oLingbool.7 ,:r A telegram-frbm! "'Adelaide on-'Fiiday says " Th'e'most1 destructive bush fires pf the prqserit seon v'abe now-.ralin - boyoijd , Mount Lofty ranges, .botif!Ma:'jlh'b'SHii4i>-sod Ijeiiig in nataes, ' wliich liavd thrice' crossed the river on Kaparinga, and burne.d down'tho old bridge. Tho new"' bridge' was bnty saved through the energetic measuros of., relief parties. Stirling battery and engine wore' 'destroyed by the fire, thooaniage there -being £800 or £1,000. The . surv.oyongeneral's house was also in danger, and some valuable trees, on his property were de stroyed. Other bush fires are raging beyond Sti'atlgilbyn;;:and : ori/Yorke's Peninsula whefe a lot df farming property has been de stroyed." ; - - l' ' ' : A correspondent of the Courier writes : — "I know almost; charming young lady from Mel bourne, arpupil at the Ladies' College there. She can tell you all about Mario Antoinette, Eliza beth, and Mary Stuart, but is totally ignorant of the existence of Vera Sasselovitcli, or Sophy Petrowsky. She has an oxtromety vague idea that the late Czar was killed, but knows not the why or wherefore. Oh .all other contemporaneous historical events her mind is a blank. News papers, it- appears, aro tabooed to our rising young women. This is the reason they aro gene rally such— — —sweet creatures. I suggest tho establishment in all our capitals of chairs of ' Contemporaneous history, literature and journalism,' for the instruction of fair Austra lians. I would not mind myself taking a class once or twice a week." Chambers' Journal has juat colobratod its jubilse, the first numb- r having been published on the 4th February 1832. Mr W. Chambers its founder, started .under very adverse oircumstaneos, nnd with the insignificant capital of 5s. The vetoran pub lisher is now 82 years of age, having been born in Is0"- 'Refreshment nnd dunking bouses in Warsaw lave to olosc at 6 p. m. Proprietors neglocting ib'i order received 2 o .aties. An ArrAREXT Anomaly Explained. — Persons ap parently in tho possession of vigorous health are fre quently umiblo' tomiidcrgo even a slight amount of exertion. This disability is usually the result o! local weakness. "When it exists, physical effort speedily brings on exhaustion, In order to supply iliis wiiri t 'of loeu! Strengtlii rtpd to impart thb rdqui site pow'of'tUid SiippleHcSS to muscles nilturalty ivoaV. use Udolpiio Wolve's Schiedam Aromatic Schnatts 