BUSSELTON, Feb. 25th. We are now enjoying delightful weather. When I wrote last the heat was intense, and bush-fires were raging all around, but now the breezes blowing are almost wintery, and there is every appearance of rain. A good downpour would be very acceptable, since it would start the feed, and we have a very large area of burnt country. I mentioned in my last that Lieut. Sholl had paid us a visit, and had spoken very encourag- ingly of our small Volunteer corps. We gen- erally show a weekly muster of from 20 to 25 men. Rifles were to have been sent down some time ago, and if these had been received a great impetus would have been given to the local Volunteer movement. A single day's firing for prizes would, I feel assured, induce many of our young men to enrol themselves as members of the corps, and, once fairly started, the movement is bound to be a success. Apart altogether from the military point of view, volunteering, by giving young men habits of discipline, works a great moral change ; and again, the avocations followed in the rural dis- trict are such, that a shambling gait is required, and the drill which recruits undergo, proves a corrective to this—after six months volunteer- ing, the men acquire a firm soldierly step and an upright carriage. On Monday last our little church was crowd- ed to witness the marriage of Mr. Frederick Brockman, to Miss Grace Bussell, a daughter of Mr. A. P. Bussell, of the Margaret river. The church was very tastefully decorated with flowers for the occasion, by our esteemed clergy- man's wife. After the ceremony, between 20 and 30 persons sat down to the wedding break- fast, at the Ship Hotel, and a ball was given in the evening at the Weld Institute, in honor of the occasion, at which about 40 were present. All our Perth and Fremantle visitors have left by the Otway, and we have sunk back again into our usual state of quietude. The chínate of our little township is a delightful change for residents at the Swan during the ex- cessive heat of the summer months, and I trust next year a greater number will avail themselves of the climatic advantages we have to offer. The Vasse residents are noted for their courtesy to strangers, and I feel sure our visitors will, one and all, carry away with them a pleasing remembrance of their short sojourn amongst us. Our acting Resident Magistrate, Mr. J. S. Harris, has been a host in himself ; and has done his best to make the visit an enjoyable one. Our races are postponed to the 30th March, when I look forward to a good meeting. The Town Council have granted a portion of the commonage for the course, and a very good course I believe it will make. It has the ad- vantage of being within 3½ miles of the townsite. The original course is 8 miles from town and away from any habitations, and the distance has hitherto militated much against the success of our race meetings. I look forward to a great improvement now that we have suc- ceeded in obtaining a course in an accessible position. Several horses are already in training, and others will follow suit during the ensuing week. The Silver Stream, Captain Heslop, arrived at Lockeville from Adelaide on the 12th inst., having made the run round in nine days. The Pet, Captain Littlejohn, is also loading a cargo of tuart at Fatfield, on account of Mr. M. C. Davis. 