LATEST MtlL TAH [Pbom Gtbeyillb's Telegbah Company.] SYDNEY. Wednesday, received 2.S0 afternoon. Elias Laycock sails for London next Friday, per steamer Ligari», his object being to assist Trickett in his match with Hanlan, and, if possible, compete with Hanlan himself. The Victorian Eleven ore to be entertained by the Cricket Association at a banquet to-night. Mr. John Davis, M.P., is appointed President of the Friendly Societies' Commission, in the room of Mr, Farnell, resigned. Sauntersr, Hesper, Polly John, Kerolite, Andover, Jim Tyson, Kaffir, Wheotear, Silver Arrow, Salvator,' Monmouth, Wellington, and Aspen are non-acceptors for the Hawkesbury Handicap Gladys and Sar- donyx have been scratched for the Leger, and Polly John for tbe Sydney Cup. The Protection Reform League hare resolved to invite Mr. Graham Berry to a public meeting during his stay in Sydney. At the Criminal Court, Dr. Westwood, charged with causing the death of a child by administering opium, was acquitted. The Rev, J. D. Langley has accepted the incum- bency of St, Phillip's, Sydney, vacant through the death of Canon O'Reilly. Wednesday, received 7.10 p.m. On the wharves, to-day, there was no alteration in the prices of hay. Maize sold at 6s to 5s 3d per bushel ; oats, 3s to 3s 3d ; Victorian onions, £3 6s to £3 10s per ton ; Warrnambool potatoes,£316s to £4 ; butter, lOd to Is per lb. ; eggs, Is 6d to Is 9d per dozen ; bacon, 7d to 9d per lb. At auction, tbis morning, lucerne hay of various qualities reached 58s to 78s per ton. At the adjourned meeting of the Marine Board this morning, the master of the Boomerang was cited to appear to show canse why his certificate Bhduld not be cancelled for default in connection with the collision between the steamer Boomerang and the schooner Atlanta. The board decided that a breach of the harbour regulations had been made, but under all the circumstances considered that the case would be met by a reprimand. Captain Beer was therefore reprimanded, and his certificate re turned to him. The Government to-dey sent a telegram to the Agent-General, SirH. Parkes, and to the Governments of all the Australian colonies, stating that New South Wales is free irom smallpox, There hare been no cases since the 26th ult., with the exception of those cases at the sanitorium. Hy. Prince, of the firm Prince, Ogg, and Co., one of the oldest and most successful merchants in Sydney, died this morning. It ia,the Commodore himself, and not the Govern- ment, who has rented the mansion at Pott's Point for his residence. Received 10.15 p.m. In tbe city the local option voting to-day resulted in all the wards, except one, voting against granting new licenses. MELBOURNE. Wednesday. An extensive bush-fire is raging on the Victorian side of the Upper Murray, and has now extended over thirty miles from the point of commencement. An immense quantity of grass and fences have been destroyed. The township of Colton Tree Diggings narrowly escaped. A large vessel, barque-rigged, was observed by a passing steamer ashore near Rim Head. No one wes seen on board. It is supposed all the crew landed or perished. Much unplessantnesB has occurred at the Agricul- tural Department in connection with the action of Mr. Wallis, the secretary, instructing the board ap- pointed te deal with the claims for compensation for the destruction of vineyards, to allow compensation only on the basis of the value of two years' cropsj instead of three years' value, as provided for by the Act, Mr. Wallis has been suspended. It has been decided to release the Mirzapore and passengers, except those confined in the infected hospital, on Monday. Geo. Anthoness, spirit merchant, was fined £5 and costs on each of two charges for selling a less quantity of spirits than hiB license authorised. Two larrikins, at the Richmond police court, were ench sentenced to three months for resisting the police, and fined £10'each for insulting the police. The selectors' rents ore now coming in very satis- factorily. Evidence was given before the Tariff Commission yesterday by the boot manufacturers to the effect that the duties on calfskins, kid, and the finer descriptions of leather, were completely prohibitive as regards the intercolonial trade. The Echuca bench have decided that the 96 lb. of smuggled opium, recently found in the possession of a Chinese storekeeper, who was fined £100 for the offence, must be forfeited. Notice of appeal bas been given. The Customs officers, searching for contraband Chinese goods inland, seized 50 cases of smuggled spirits on the premises of a Chinese store- keeper at Avoca, A Russian sailor, belonging to the Vestnick, who was on the flies en the back stage at the Bijou yes- terday evening, fell 30 feet on his bead. The stage boards were broken by the force of his fall. He was conveyed to .the hospital ia a precarious state. Several actions are pending with reference to the sale of the right to sell liquor at the Old English Fair in the exhibition Building. WELLINGTON, N.Z. Wednesday. Mr. Hunt, late Chief Secretary atSamoa, has issued a writ claiming .£8000 damages from the High Com- missioner, Sir Arthur Gordon, for illegal arrest and falsa imprisonment on board the Cormorant. 