Fires. CHILTERN, Saturday. . At a quarter past 2 o'clock this morning, a destructive fire broke out in Chiltern, at the shop of Air. R. Graham, bootmaker and draper, entirely destroying the shop and stock, and partially destroying tne offices or | Alessrs. Sammons and Hodgson, adjoining, I and doing great damage to the premises of Mr. E. G. Nicholson, storekeeper. The promptness of the brigade saved the town ship from a most tremendous fire, for had it passed Nicholson's, the side of the street would likely have been destroyed. The cause of the fire, at present, is unknown. Air. Graham is a very heavy loser. Two insu rances only were effected on the stock, one of £500, and one of £200. The fire was first discovered by the eldest little girl, who was up at the time through the heat of the night. LA.NGEFIELD, Saturday. Another fire occurred here this afternoon, this fimfl in the crop belonging to Air. Edwards, whose farm is situated exactly opposite the railway station, bat owing to the number of men available, the fire was soon got under, only a few sheaves being destroyed. Had the fire got headway, an immense amount of crop must necessarily have been destroyed. The fire was subsequently dis covered to have been caused by three lads who had previously bought from local storekeeper three pipes and a box of matches. It is said that the boys are under arrest. The infliction of the lash in such cases would be most salutary. gANI)HuRST, Sunday. LARGE BUSH-FIRE AT MYERS FLAT. A large bush-fire broke out at Myers's Flat this morning, ahd has devastated a large track of country. The fire is supposed to have started iq the paddock belonging to Air. Woods. It destroyed all the timber iand fencing about this selection, and also Moor- head's paddock and several intervening ones Late this evening the fire was still burning the westerly wind, which has been blowing all day, doing much to spread the flames. Word just to hand states that the bush fire at Myers Flat is still burning. It has ap proached the township at Myers Flat, and w threatening several large paddocks situatef there, aild the local State school is stated to be in danger. There has been a considerable amount of damage done, and it is feared that nnlesB the flames can speedily jbegot under several valuable selections ' will be burnt - out. The origin of the fire is not known. . Monday Evening, The fire at Myers Flat was burning throughout to-day, but now, by- the exertions of about 150 men, has been overcome. Thelossof grass, fencing, and timber has been consider able. Numbers of labbits were killed by the flames; The fire surrounded the State school, and approached within fifty yards, but, with the exception of the fencing around the place, the school and teacher's residence was un injured. SEYMOUR, Sunday. A rather extensive fire occurred on the I premises of Mr. L Guild, at about 11 o'clock to-day, which totally destroyed a large build- i ing used as a chaff- house, together with most I of its contents, which . consisted of two 1 I circular saws, two chaffcutters, and a quantity I j of hay and chaff. Nothing can be assigned j I for its origin. The building was insured for 1 J £400 in the National Company's office. I I During the afternoon some straw in the | manger of a stable belonging to Air. J. j I Gloster was observed to be on fire, but 1 | fortunately assistance was at hand, and the I flames were soon extinguished. It is believed I to be the work of an incendiary. I j . STaWELL, Wednesday. | A large fire occurred this morning, about 1 j o'clock, starting at the European hotel, Alain | street, owned by Aeschiman and Go., butchers, j and occupied, by Air. Ferguss as an hoteL The | building, being all wood, was quickly con- | suined, and the fire spread to tne adjoining buildings. The Temperance Boaidinghouse, I to the west, Mrs. Joyce's private residence to the east, and Miss M. Daniel's dressmaker's | shop, to the east, were also totally consumed, | the wind blowing in that direction. Fortu | nately, Air. Dixon's hotel was. saved by the | exertions of the fire brigade. Had the wind j not been blowing from the west, this must I have gone. I hear that all the places were I insured (more or less), but I do not know the j amounts, nor the offices. 1 