INTERCOLONIAL. ADELAIDE. All is going on weUattbequarantine station. The two patients are still progressing, well, and tho other x>oople are cheorful. They are supplied with books, materials for cricket aud tennis, fishing-tacklo, &c.; Bush -fires are raging in different parts of the colony. Herman, Schearer, of Mount Pleasant, had his farm house, furniture, stock of lmy and ' otbor proporty destroyed yesterday; owing to a bush-fire overwhelming; his farm. Tho family only escaped by getting intothe water holes. Many other settlors - have been burnt outi Tho fire extended over an area of twelve miles by three. It is still very hot to-day;. , SYDNEY.. Lara Martina, said to bo aisiloncod; Catholic priest, was yesterday charged: with > indoceutly assaulting a child six years of age, and was committed for trial. Mr Peochoy has been elected for East Macquarie by a largo majority over Messrs Smith and Roborts, whilo Mr Dalvoendoaes his deposit of L40. Mrs Pnlmftr. of Pvrmnnfc. who riip.fl of Amivl!. pox yesterday, was buried this morning at tho. Balmain cemetory. All the other patients are improving, A man named Michael Carroll, a. dlggsr from Mudgce, was accidentally drowned'yes- tcrday while bathing; at Robinson's baths Woolloomooloo Bay. The ship Smyrna has cleared out for Lon don with G000 bales of wool, being the largest cargo this season. Tho Minister of Mines is collecting Informa tion with a view to the introduction noxt session of a new Forestry Bill and a Mining Bill. At the salo of Mr Town's thoroughbred horses yostorday, tho prices wore much abov tho average owing to their excellent condition. The Mnribyrnong colt was bought by Mr Wi Gannon for 2000 guineas. WANGARATTA. Mr Henry Kott, a very, old resident, well- known in sporting and commercial circles, in this district and the colony, died suddenly this morning, in his bathroom. Ho has boen suffering from heart disoaso. Intorder. to euro her husband of drinking, a colorod woman in SouthCalifornia put concen trated lyo in lus whisky bottle. Tho last words he uttered wore to tho effect that it would be a relief to bim todrop into Hades to cool off, and tho last words the widow spoke to the out- aide world as she dodged into goal wore: "I novah soed sicb weak stamachs as do niggahs are gittin' nowadays ; doy can't stand mufiu r The Boston Traveller has a small story a of , Professor Maynard's cat, which, aftor being tied by tho tall to an onormoii9iy powerful oloctno battery, became tho recipiont of a stream of electric- fluid estimated at 1000 horse, power. Forthwith his hair stood erect, omit- mg a brilliant coruscation of sparks. A series of t'squalls, howevor, culling the professor's attention to his favorites situation, ho promptly disconnected tlio cat from the battery but, to his great surprise, found that itromained luminous, having takon such a tremendous doso of eloctrio fluid that it had becomo a permanent generator of electricity, giving out a light equal to that of 800 wax candles. This it has sinco continued to do, it is said, and it is now the torror of Us feline colleagues, as it porambulates tho tiles by night, blazing liko & comot, but with in sufferable radiance. Thoro is no vquestion about the truth of this story, as Petor Donahue and others aro all Boiling out thoir gas stock in : this city, and buying tom-cats and olectrio batteries. They answor porfectly, oxcopt for ohandolteps, it being found most difficult to keep thotii auapcudoa— audquiot. 