NJSWS IN lllUEP. A largo bushfire hue boon burning for several days in tho Malleo Scrub, Victoria. : . In breaking down the north drive of Hall's lease al Gympie, on Saturday, 60 ounces of epecimens'wcre obtained. Tho Bishop of Nowcastle preached on Sun day morning at St. George's Church, Malvern, Viotoria. A farmer named Patrick P. Kcogh, living at Kyneton, was thrown from A dray on Saturday aud killed. Another Victorian school teachor has been suspended for falsifying tho rolls in order to obtain an increaso in salary. Inspector Secrotan, the officer in charge of tho Victorian Detective Department, has proceeded to Tasmania on three mouths' leave of ubsonco. A handsomo iron band rotunda, given to tho corporation by Sir Thomas Elder, has just been completed, and will bo formally opened shortly. News by the mail states that tho Prince of Wales is sonding Sir Thomas Elder an auto* graph lotter of thanks for his presentation of a scholarship to the Collego of Music. The National Bank 1ms agreed, so long as the rato of fixed deposits 1*3 0 per cent., to allow 4 per cent, on tho minimum monthly balance of tho Adelaide corporation account. Tbo cemmitteo of tho Melbourne Cricket Club have invited Bligh's team to supper iu tho pavilion, oil the evening of their arrival. Tho Governor, mcmbors of tho Ministry, and fcho Mayor, and tho reception committeo of tbo Victorian crickotors huvo been in vitod. f At a meel:ng of fcho Eehuca Shire Council, it was resolved to suspend the secretary, Mr. J, W. Pemberton, who recently at tempted suicide, and have a special audit of tho accouuts. A number of publicans who held booths at tho FIcininRton racecourfo on tho occasion of tho late V.llC. meeting were fined' for selling inferior spirts from bottles bearing favonrito brands. M. Dubois, representative of Soulh Aua* trnlia, at the f'ordcaux Exhibition, writes that tho nvoriiRo number of points Riven to Soulh Avmralian exhibit* is 10 lo 1L out of 25 point?. Tho Soul It Australian Government have do* cidcd to accept the whole of l!io iron offered by Messrs. M'Loun Brothers, Kicff, and Com* pany, in lieu of ihht of Mr. JJranrt, in the contract for work under tho Marino lioard. Tho navvies on the pecond sretion of the Nuirno n»ihvay have knocked off. Xhero aro at present about 101)0 men out. The men went along both sections, und f'orccd tho few who happened to bo ut work to join them. '.I he tender of Mr. Gorget has been accepted for tho Killarnoy branch railway, Queens land, 15i miles. Tho lowest tenders were Messrs, Jlyan at £31,311, but they wen? apparently unable to carry out the contract, and I lit* next lowest offer tros accepted. Tho chemistry and clemenlury science clusses huyo been commenced in connection with tho Brisbano School of Arts, under tho charge of Professor Pepper. A number of clostes, em bracing various branches of knowledge, aro now in oporrtion, preliminary lo tho estab lishment of a technical college. Christian Kcnderup was brutally mur dered at Hamle'y Bridge, Adelaide, at 4 o'clock on Sunday morniug, apparently i<i a drunken row, at the house of Patrick Magrcc, whero they had long been in the habit of resorting for tho purposo of .drinking with Magree and wife, which often resulted in quarrelling. Tho annua! meeting of tho General Assembly of tho Prcsbyteriau Church of Victoria commenced on Monday evening. The Rev. Dr. Mercer was appointed Moder ator for the ensuing year, and he delivered an inagural address. Six deputies from New South Wales were formally welcomed, and mode associate members. ^ The annual sittings of the Baptist Associa tion of Victoria commenced on Monday even ing. Tho l'cv. William Clark, who was ap» pointed chairman, delivered the inaugural address, expressing gratification at the pro gross uiade by the denomination in South Australia, New South Wales, Queeuslaud, and other colonies, as well as in tho old country. On tho Noirno railway works, first section, all the mon, to the number of about 500, are on striko. They demand Is. per hour for tho oighfc hours a day. A monster meeting was to havo been held in consequence, and the men are endeavouring to extend tho move ment to tho other sections. Both sides are voiy determined in their atlitudo, the masters having refused lo make the concession. Tho Pilot Board held an inquiry into tho grounding of tho steamer Limlus, in Port Phillip Bay, whilst on tho voyage from Sydney toGeelong. Captain Lindsay urged that tho mishap arose through tho buoy being marked red on his chart instead of black. Tho board held that he had committed an error of judg ment in not altering his course when ho saw tho buoy, and severely censured tho captain. Mr. Georgo S. Titheradgo, oueof the lead ing members of tho Marshall Comedy Com pany, lately disbanded owing to the sudden breakdown of Mr. Marshall's health, was' entertained at a farewell supper by somo literary aud professional friends afc tho Yorick Club, Melbourne, on Saturday even ing. The toast of the evening was proposed by the chairman, Professor Elkington, in a very complimentary manner, Au extra promenade concert was given in the Melbourne Town Hall on Saturday even ing under the direction of Mr. R. S. Sruythe, to a. crowded audience. In consequence of the great success of this series, it is p obable the concerts will be resumed in about three months on Mr. Smythe's return from New Zealand, whither he is about to proceed with Archibald Forbes, wboso health has now been restored. At tho corporation meeting in Adelaide complaints wore made of the stench arising from sewer ventilators. The Mayor said that no alarm need bo felt, as the nuisanco orose from old drains being connected with the dcep-drainogo system. Tho town clerk hns bcon instructed to furnish a roport on the proposals made boforo tho publio works com mittee on tho matter by tho agents of two companies. Tho amendment mored by Sir John O'Shon assy, for the purposo of limiting the operation of tho Loans Convention Bill to £4,000,000, tho amount of tho debt whioh has to bo ro» deemed next yoar, is not expocted to receive general support, as it doos not raiso the issue which other opponents of tho Government proposal roRtfrd qb of principal importance namely, whether tho dobontures about to maturo should bo oonverted or paid off in cash to bo raisod by new debentures. An inquest has beon hold on Alico Free, who was found dead, with bruises on hor body, in a houao in Currio-strcot, Adeluido. Uonry Pago, a young coloured man, who ivos known to lrnvo been living with tho deoooBcd on very bod terms, is in custody on suspicion of having caused tho death; Ho doclinod to ?givo ovidenco. Tho details disclosed a shock* ing state of alluirs, tho deceased having been treated with tho utmost brutality. Pago was found guilty of manslaughter, and committed for trial. The team of riflemen who represent Now South Wales in tho forthcoming Intercolonial Match arrived ovorlond from Sydney on Saturday evening. ^ They were received at the station by Major Planum (hon, secre tary), Captains Wardill, Christophersou, and Lieutenant Draper. The team were driven to the Pipeclay Club, and welcomed to Vic toria by representatives of tin Victorian Hilla Association. The Victorian team will bo finally selected on Saturday noxt. Several members of tho practice team are sliootiu" vory woll. ° A girl named Emma Dolbar, 17 yoars of ago, of prepossessing appearanco, was ar rested in Melbourne, on Saturday, ns the perpetrator of a long scries of extraordinary swindles upon tradespeople aud others. Tlio prisonor is a resident of St. ICilda, and about a dozen warrants have been issued for her arrest. Among her victims were two dif ferent undertakers, to whom shorepresented that her mother was dead, and ordered a coffin to bo sent to a given address. Before leaving sho succeedcd in borrowing a sum of money. A iaiige number of gentlemen, including Mr. Young, Minister of Public Works, Mr. Graves, Commissioner of Customs,:.and the Hons. L. L.Smith ond James Balfour and Snrgood, Ms.L.C., were entertained atdiiiuer by Major Paget, at Gunsler's Cafe, which was brilliantly lightodby 40 Edison electric lamps. Mr.. Pago, in responding to tho toast of his health, referred to tho boucfits likely to bo derived from electric lighting. Mr. Young, in responding for tho Ministry, stated that he had it in contemplation to have tho olectrio light used in tho Parliament Houses. Tho Church of Eneland Congress, Mel bourne, was opened on Tuesday, and atlraclod considerable interest. Many clergymen arrived from various parts of Australia for tho purposo of taking part. Dr. Pearson, tho Bishop of Newcastle, preached on Tuesday morning at St. Paul's. In tho. afternoon tho Bishop of Melbourne, who presided over tho congress, delivered tbeinaugural address. Thocongross oxtonded over four days. At tho afternoon and evoning Bittings on Tuesday subjects woro -morning, "Tho relations of tho Church of England lo all Protestant churches and ovening, " Tho duty of the Church of England ill regard to unbelief." HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND Pilis. Tumuurs, Glandular Swellings, and Bad Breasts.-If any departure from health requires earlier attention than another to prevent disastrous consequences it is tho class of diseases now under reviow. To savo hazard and future pain, tho budding tumour must havo prompt treatment, or discomfort and nights of disquietudo will bo tho Btiflcrcr's portion. Whenever tho nilment llrst appears, after fomenting tho spot with warm water, Holloway's Ointmont must bo energetically rubbed on tho part till a con siderable quantity is absorbed. The Pills too, must bo commenced with early. If these remodios bo diligontly porsovered with, the simplest tumour or tho contracted and still' joint is arrested. In eases of bad breasts, with or without milk fever, rcliof is almost inotantaaeous. 