MR MURRAY SMITH'S EMBASSY. Nothing but an extraordinary combina tion of rare qualities could have achieved the peculiar reputation enjoyed by Mr Murray Smith, in any country or during flie mast neaceful of times. And yet in a young colony where all prominent public men are regarded with jealousy or disfavor by one side or the other, and during a period of intense internal trouble he so bore himself as to gain the confidence and respect of all parties. A man of undoubted abilities and courage, well qualified to lead, eminently fitted to take part in the administration of affairs, and with the strong temptation upon him that his accept ance of office would greatly strengthen the cause he advocated and proportionately weaken that of its opponents, he has yet always declined place. Perhaps in this lies the great secret of his universal popularity. His uniform conduct in this respect naturally created tlie impression that, amongst a crowd of politicians who li. . 1m inflnprmftfl hv seem ioi tue must j motives of personal ambition or selfish aggrandisement, he, almost alone, was animated by a spirit of lofty patriotism. There are no doubt others, although they may be few, amongst oui foremost men, whose objects are equally pure and national, but he alone by his singularly suave treatment of his adversaries and their arguments succeeds in entirely dis arming hostility. It is not that he always declines to cross swords with an opponent ; on the contrary, the weapon which he cenerally carries sheathed flashes out on occasions to deadly purpose. But even while it is keen it is polished, and though it reaches home with effect it leaves no ugly -wound behind. Even Mr Berry who is well nigh inseusible to the slashing attacks to which he is so often subjected winces before the straight though deli cate thrusts of this master of fence. In such encounters Mr Smith is the very " Rupert of debate." Nor does lie ever condescend to attack a weak antagonist. Nay ; has he not thrown the egis of his protection over the innocent head of the chosen of Carlton ? And, although perhaps the bitterest sar casm could not have rendered Mr Gardi ner so utterly helpless as the patronage accorded by Mr Smith, we believe it was inspired by nothing but sheer good nature. A great deal of the general goodwill which Mr Smith has won for himself is nlainlv due to his method of addressing mixed audiences. He does not truckle to their prejudices, but he never hurts their sensibilities ; he carefully avoids, contrary to the usual custom, saying anything to arouse their passions ; he never attempts to cajole them by false praise, and yet he, consciously or unconsciously flatters them by appealing to their intellect. It is as if he said in so many words, "You and I differ on tins subject. I think I am right, but I may be wrong. I hope we are all reasonable men. Let us then quietly argue the point." This, in such a man, is irresistible, and, if Mr Smith does not always convince hi3 hearers, he at least leaves them in a mood for reflection. In tlie important mission, therefore, which Mr Smith now has before liim, lie starts with the best wishes of all classes and sections of the community — an advantage which cmnot possibly be ©ver-estimated, be cause his motives, at all events, will not be impugned. The present Government, as our readers are already aware, have been empowered by Parliament to borrow four millions sterling for tlie further prosecution of railways, water conservation and other public unaer- takings. There is a further sum of eight millions, out of our total debt of about twenty millions, to be repaid in the months of October, 1883-S4-85. It is proposed to borrow the former sum in the ordinary way, and the chief difficulties in this part of the transaction will be in the impression made in the meantime in London as to our financial stability, and in carefully watching the market. The other portion of the operation is far more delicate as it is much larger. There are, roughly speaking, £9,000,000 of our debt out at 6 percent., £2,500,000 at 5 per cent., £3,000,000 at 4A per cent, and the remaining £5,000,000 at 4 per cent. It is proposed to pay off the the £8,000,000 coming due within the next four years' by converting the 6 per cent, unto 4 per cent., if possible ; or fail ing that, on the best terms that can be procured. We have already effected con versions of Victorian Government stock in the colony on a limited scale, but it is evident that the operation now in contem plation will not merely require the pre sence of an agent who enjoys the good will of the people of tills country, but who possesses, . besides tact, patience, caution and skill, a thorough knowledge of mone tary affairs. We believe Mr Smith may be fairly.- credifced witli these qualifications, having" h'd'especially a large experience in financial'mattef ' , The choice therefore of . Mr Smith as agent-general at this crisis will, we are sure, be generally and heartily approved of, and although his absence will be seriously felt by the Con stitutional party and -by the present Government also, on the'- meeting of Pari liament, it is consolatory to know that lie accepts the post only till the business of tlie loans is completed. Had Air Smith been in . London when, the article adverse to colonial loans— Victoria being specially animadverted on— appeared in:the London ".Times," we may be sure-it- would'ndt hare remained unanswered, bat that the reply would have made the colony taank- ful that tlie "attack Jtad been made. It is not yet too late to correct any wrong im- pression>£hat may- have been created ; and' Mr Murray j Smith bs the very man to accomplish that in the.compl etest mannei;. Domestic _ Servaotp.— Out Albury-cor-. respondents writes :— There has .been - a greai 'scarcity of female servants here for the last'thre'e 'months. anffi,Paterfamilies who, have . been 111 the habit;oi employing a' couple 'of gir, ha.ve, had to handle the frying-p'ainand the .kettle, and. busy them selves mithe deep.mysteries of the culinapyi art.- 1 - , Lb abbs T -Approved.— Denis McAuliffeV 169a Or 37 p, Xaceffy Jplrn Cox, -4la2r 12pj Taminjck .Daniel Kennedy 29J)a,J2r. 21p, , Glenro wan j Eliza Trapp, 36a;3f. 31pjt Barwidgee. ; lArtliur- P.yle, 170a ; 3r '27p,; Hinnomunjie ; Thomas Mallows, 319a 3r 16p, Bpom@noomo'onafi; A IxA . L .;Lj<jen5ES Approved. — Chester and Murrell, 3a, Numbiemiihjie j Arthur ;,A? Dutton, 82a and 63a, South and North Wangaratta ; Camille Reau, 75a, Carlyle- Death of Mrs Frederick Brown. — It is with extreme regret we have to announce the death of the wife of Air Frederick ' 'Brown, barrister, of Beech worth, Airs Brown who was a daughter of the late Rev. Jeseph Docker, of Bonther- ambo, took an active, although a very unostentatious, part in the religious and charitable movements of these districts and will be greatly missed by the ladies and gentlemen in Beechworth, who inter ested themselves in such matters. The interment is announced for this day (Tues day) at 3 p.m., .from Air Brown's resi dence. T xrtT(N-r,T.r» DnvrAT-r'Ti Tnnn K AniTJQflT1« 314a, Granya ; Alary Corven, 7a, Bone- gilla ; Timothy Crotty, 41a, Gundowring; John Beckman, 192a, Noroug. The AIinister of Lands' District Tour. — The AIinister of Lands (Mr Walter Aladden), Air Gillies, AT.L.A. ; Mr Wallace, AI.L. A. ; and Air- Blackett, ALL. A., returned to Alelbourne on Fri day evening, from their trip through the Omeo, ATitta Alitta, and Upper Murray districts, we learn from the "Argus." During the eight days absence from Mel bourne. they travelled over 300 'miles of the most mountainous part of Victoria, by coach, on horseback, or in buggies, but principally on horseback. Their object in undertaking the expedition (which Air Wallace had the credit of devising) was to make themselves practically acquainted with the resources and wants of a portion of the colony which is not very well known. During their trip they visited Alyrtleford, Bright, Harrietville, Omeo, Wombat, Alitta village, and Tallangatta. Leaving the railway at Everton, on tlie Wangaratta and Beechworth line, they drove lip the course of the Ovens River for about 60 miles, and then crossed the Dividing Range, the highest point of which, Mount Hotham, is 6100 feet above sea level. From Omeo they proceeded northwards across the mountain to Mitta village, and followed down the course of the Alitta Alitta to its junc tion with the Murray, keeping to that river until tbey reached "Wodonga, the terminus of the North-Eastern railway. Owing to the rough character of the country traversed, and the warmth of the weather, the trip was a severe one, but all the members of the party were much pleased with what they saw. They found that the district, besides being rich in metals (gold, silver, copper, and tin), possesses excellent pastoral and agricul tural lands, and water in abundance. It would, In their opinion, be greatly to the advantage of the whole colony to have the district thoroughly opened up, by making good roads and br boring, as it is believed that there are manT deep leads remaining to be discovered. Although the party wished t© travel as privately as possible, the inhabitants of Tallangatta insisted on their sitting down to a banquet on Thurs day evening, and the entertainment passed off very pleasantly. Mr P. Hanna, who al one time represented the district in Parliament, accompanied the party as far as Omeo, and returned to Alelbourne via Bairnsdale. 'lhe AIinister of Lands and his companions reached town on Friday evening by the ordinary train from YV/irJ/vri crn Oxley AIem. — The droughty weather still continues. The creeks, usually run ning, are now but stagnant water-holes few and far between. Farmers are com plaining of some closed roads which prevent their stock getting to the few water-holes still undried up. The fires on the distant Buffalo and nearer, Hurdle Creek and Bowman's Forest ranges, still continue to burn, and although doing much injury to grass and settlers' fencing have by incessant labor hitherto been prevented, except in exceptional cases, from destroying the homesteads and the crops stacked. Cattle, sheep and horses have now to travel to the Ovens and King Rivers for water, sometimes as many as ten miles- 'Tis a pity the Christian Medi cine Alen, cannot perform a miracle and bring down rain from the copper-tinted sky-clouds gathered np yesterday, Satur- dav, afternoon, and for a short time a cool breeze from southward and westward blew across the plains. Hopes were indulged in that rain would be the result. Alas ! these expectations were vain.. As the sun in +T10 TVAef. fViA winrl rliAfl StUlA. HOJ.J ' — away and Saturday night was one of the warmest we have yet experienced. This Sunday, though the clouds temper the sun somewhat, a great heat and niuggish- ness prevail, making even the writing of a note a work of care and trouble, to pre vent the drops ©f perspiration from falling upon the paper. The recording angel's sympathising tears, dropping upon the recorded sins of poor humanity struggling for existence blotted them out for ever. This was a work of mercy, but 'tis no mercy to the poor writer, ; racking his brains, to have his AI.S. blotted oat, and to have to recruit them with a thermometer registering in his cabin 120deg. But avast there ! What cares the gentle, reader, for the ills of the writer. Copy) men-copy, and amusing copy withal is the cry ef the pub lic. So blotted notes have to be re-written. An accident occurred at Greta to a son of Air Smith, one of our Oxley shire coun cillors. He was unloading some wood, when lie slipped, and a heavy piece' fell across his leg, breaking it, and dislocating the knee-cap. ' His father ; was' summoned from the council-table, arid' accompanied his son to Wangaratta. ". Haying. placed the young man at Mr WKitty's hotel, Dr Haley was summoned, and quickly suc ceeded in setting the linib. . The young gentleman is progressing well. . The, Rev. lb IT/vnt n nn Avnrafi f» fll a! ir» JL (ibllLI i/aao wainwiiw pastor of Wangaratta, has been suffering much up to Saturday evening, ; when ;; a change for the better took place;, and his medical attendants, Drs Hutchinson' and ADFarlane, were enabled to inform the rev. gentleman's numerous friends that all danger was passed. .This"; was most gratifying intelligence; to Father i.Egan's friends in his extensive, fdistrict. Air Allan, the well-known miller ..at .lOxley, was seized with alarming symptoms about 1.30 a.m. on Sunday. ' DrriSiitehinsori was summoned out." He remained in At tendance until about 5 a.m., when he was enabled to leave ; .asiby. that ;time"alLdany gerous! symptoms had: -ceased;! Aleh, women, children and horses Are suffering5 . from blight. : You can- i 'scarcely ) enter 5 a; ihoiise® on ' the -plains in; - which;;this 'diril or, id : Troir, fnl t nntln ' fliQo'lQP ii' nntl riihiiir-its coiirae: ';The "gat "h'eat an&; i dust Atoms' J that ,haye,'preyaile'; have adffed to the ijlsf' that' the' 'flesh m m;in and- the lower aniriials have been sub jected to. Sunday, the 5th, has been one ,of the warmest days' of-this-season. The glass rose . to ,110. degrees in the -shade ;, and asjduring. a igreataf ipoitioii of the day a dead calm reigned, only broken by a hot wind, laden with heat ; And smoke, i particles from the burning ranges, lassi- jtude and oppression were hprmal| states of the social body. v -Monday, 9.45," the iheat is great, and there is every appearance ;of a continuance of the' drought. ' The Glenro wan Hotel. — We hear that Mrs Jones/ landlady, of .'the hotel at Glefi rowan that waB burnt down . bw order of the policd Catr'flie; /capture 3of tne Kelly gang, has resolv-ed- to - accept the suni_ a.wapded to" her by the commission: u '-Mrsl jJones is still of opinion tha&she; has been very impartially treated, but must sub mit, as it very hard to sue the Govern ment. Mudgegonga Mem. —Our correspondent writes : The bush-fires for the last ten days have been raging in this part of the dis trict with great fierceness. Men, women and children turned out and did their best to stay the progress of the flames. We were obliged to send post haste to Myrtle- ford, ten miles distant, for assistance, which was cheerfully and manfully ren dered. Mr J. H. Carroll had all the fen cing and grass on his 320-acre block completely destroyed, and but barely managed to save his cottage from destruc tion. Messrs Leonard and Evans also had a lost of fencing and grass burned. Much sympathy is felt for the sufferers. Grass is now nearly worthless as fodder ; but, thank Providence, we have always plenty of good water. I notice that a number of cattle hereabouts are affected with a complaint resembling blight in the eyes, and am told some are nearly blind, from the same cause. Parents and children alike are suffering much from sandy blight. Threshing is now over, and I will give you the returns in my next. The fatal mining accident which befell Mr Boyle at Myrtle ford, on Friday, has thrown quite a gloom over his friends in this locality ; deceased having been highly respected. Mining matters here are very dull, due principally to the want of water. The Tubal Cain shaft, at Basin Creek, is still going down, under the management of Mr Biddington. I believe the tunnel in to the old Waterloo Reef is being rapidly extended ; and am also given to understand that the tunnel in the Darling Grant, now leased by the Hon. J. A. Wallace and another gentle man, will be started in a few days. . Stanley Atheneum and Free Library. — The annual meeting of subscribers to the Stanley A theme inn and Free Library was held in the reading-room on Saturday evening, 2Sth ulfc. In the absence of the president (Air J. Alathieson) the chair was occupied by the vice-president (Air Pet- tigrew). The report and balance- sheet, as read by the secretary, having been re ceived and adopted, the meeting proceeded to elect office-bearers and a committee of management for the current year, with the following result : — Pesident — A:Ir J. Alathieson ; vice-president — Air Petti- grew ; hon. treasurer — Air R. Page ; lion, secretary —Mr H. Alathieson, and Messrs Crawford, Dow, Houston, Newton, Sin clair, Treweeke, Steel and Kennedy members of committee. After votes of thanks to the librarian (Air Seholtz), the auditors (Alessrs Fitz water and Tidy man), the secretary and the chairman, the meeting dissolved. Reserved. — It is the intention of the Government to permanently reserve from sale the land hereinafter described : — Harrietville — Site for Athemeum and Free Library, about to be permanently reserved, being the land temporarily reserved there for by Order of25th October, 1SS0 : — One rood, count' of Dclatite, town of Harriet ville : Commencing at tlie north-west angle of allotment 3 of section D ; bounded thence by the road to Bright bearing N. 3deg. 19min. W. one chain ; thence by lines bearing respectively S. 79deg. 25min. E. two chains seventy-four links, and S. lOdeg. 35min. W. ninety-seven links ; and thence by tlie aforesaid allot- ment bearing N. 79deg. 2omin. W. two chains fifty links to the point of commence ment. The War rawing a Common. — The Warrawinga Common, situate in the County of Aloira, is about to be increased. Particulars as to the boundaries of the Common appear in the " Government Gazette" of the 3rd inst. Polling places. — Alolesworth and Benalla liave been gazetted as polling- places in the Goulburn division of tlie Beechworth mining district ; and Yea has been abolished as a polling-place in con nection with the same division. AIineral Leases,— Rule No. 35 of the existing regulations relating to mineral leases has been altered, so far as to relieve from the payment of royalty all persons or companies holding both mineral leases and gold mining leases for the same areas. Valedictory. — A number of friends of Air J. H. Hickey, for the past two years engaged as clerk in the receipt and pay OUiUv tlU - ' 1 1 U1 LU \Jlk Uuu Ui UUj C V Ciitll assembled at, Allan's Star Hotel to partake of a glass of wine with that gentleman and present him with a slight token of the esteem and regard in which he is held by .them, prior to liis departure — which took place on Alonday afternoon last, to the head- office in Melbourne, whence he has been transferred oh promotion. The chair was occupied by the President of the United Shire (Air J. Feely), . and among those assembled were /Air W. H. Foster, P. Al. and a number of leading townsmen.. The health of the guest of the evening, proposed by' the chairman, who referred 5 ill fitting terms to Air Hickey's' many estimable qualities as a private o-entleman, , and the noticeable attention and courteous demeanor by hiiii in con nection with his duties as a civil servant, and expressed regret at his departure and hopes' for liis speedy advancement in -the service was heartily honored in cham pagne. Air A. Billson then after in a good speech endorsing the sentiments expressed by-th e chairman, presented Mr Hickey /on behalf of a few- of his friends in the town, with a handsonie , gold watch- chain. Mr ;Hickey, in- responding, stated that he could not adequately express his appre ciation- of r the honor ; done him that even ing. . The; time -he had spent. in - the' town had been a very pleasant one, and was witn sincere regret; mat ne was aoout io leave it; as he had made many friends among the townspeople, and, he believed, not a single- enemy. ' With , regard to the manner in - which he had' fulfilled the duties of his position and' the assistance he .had. been the means . of rendering the local charities as- a member of the Amateur Minstrels Company/ -he" - considered that lie.-had- simply-done his ;; duty, j and -Rad in; so'doingbxperiehced great jpleasure'i " The' valuable gift with1 -which' he -had been that evening presented he would ever./cherish and regard/as aemenio ofliisfxiendsrin Beec&viSHh;/HbJhenrusumea his'seatamid loud,applause. Dl/(RBrien, Messrs W. Ho. Fostir, OrrVJenkyns andqther gentleineli Dresentcfestified to their "appf ejiiatjon' pf Air Hickey in -terse speeche/, 1 an'd' tne proceedings -were .enlivened ;by|a;numbert -I ' ' - 1 ' 'ill ' J A Ci (( TU. ; OI gooa. songs weuireuutcu. j' jliio , health ,of,the andf/otlier'toasts liad been-.propose.d; anjl; duly honored, with tlie. inging<ori".Aiild! Lang! Syne" a very pleasant evening's; re union was brought to a termination ;,:Mr Hickey being heartily wished farewell and future success in life— a wish which, we fee! 'assured, will be heartily concurred in, by th'bse of our Beechworth readerh'.wlio) were either acquainted with or hiffiReen) brought in_ con tact; with Air Hickey in his public capacity or have had an opportunity of observing his conduct whie« resident/ among them. : ' Is'Tossing Gaakling.— The' ease. ofiU' Queen v O'Connor andI;Bfbwh ..wasV an., appeil; against the ' 7 Recorderi of "" the' Lih'colnshire Sessions. The short pqiut, f ( jf u the 1 consideration of the , court Jxa?; whether tossing was gambling' ,within;.thel nieaging of jthe Act. The prisonersrhad: been ' committed on that offence, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. I The court affirmed the conviction. Charitable. -It will (.be . remembered that some time ago, a splitter, unameq- Lewis, died very suddenly at Stanley. As his widow and family were entirely destitute, steps were taken to relieve . v _ ' nnnabblflm thp dftlthelfclc ollld cave a performance at Stanley, the net proceeds of which, amounting to £201/3 3d were handed over to Airs Lewis. Alessrs H. Alatheson and E. J ames also canvassed Stanley for t subscriptions to a relief fund ; Aliss Kilkelly and Aliss Foley very kindly volunteered to do the same m Beechworth ; while the proceeds of a lecture delivered by the Rev. J . ; Alackie, in the reading- room, Stanley, were also devoted to tne same Towards the end of last month, as the subscriptions had all been received, the trustees of the relief fund, in accordance with the general wish of the subscribers, resolved to give Mrs Lewis, £2 per month until such time as the fund; (£38 18s 4d) should be expended. The Coroiva Goldfield. — Six tons of quartz crushed last week at Place's mill, Corowa, from the new company's claim at Corowa, . yielded at the rate of 2 oz. Id dwt. per ton. The Beechworth Cemetery. — The statement of accounts in connection with the Beechworth Cemetery for the year ending 31st December last show the re- i»pints to have amounted to £329 2s 9d, and the expenditure £309 16s Sd ; leaving a credit balance of £19 6s Id. The Little German Traveller. — The German gentleman, Herr Scliiifer, who visited these districts a few years; ago, 1 the " Sydney Echo" notices, died on 26th 1 January last, in an Asylum in New South Wales. Finding Human Remains. — lhe bones of a human body were found at Albury on Saturday, while some workmen were dig- £rjp(T a hole for a gate post at Al Donald s buildings, near the Rose Hotel, The re mains form a complete skeleton, and Dr Andrews pronounces them to be an aboriginal woman, wlicse death must have been "violent, as the base of the skull is fractured, as well as the under jaw. He thinks tlve body mustliave been buried over thirty years. The bones were found only two feet under tlie surface, some charred wood and a piece of calico being along side. Extensive Fire at Seymour. — An ex tensive fire took pjace here at half -past three p.m. on Sunday, in Emily-street. It first broke out in a shed in tlie yard of the Canadian . Hotel, and quickly spread to the Assembly Hall and land office. About 200 people were soon on the around, and rendered every assistance, but in spite of their united efforts the three buildings, with the furniture of the hall, two buggies and a spring cart, were destroyed. The books and documents of the land office were, however, fortunately saved. The Bank of Victoria, a wooden building within a few feet of the land office, only escaped through a strong southerly breeze blowing at the time. On more than one occasion, while the con flagration raged, the stable of the hotel caught fire, but was quickly extingnisnect. Had it gained ground here the conse quences would have been dreadful, as not alone the hotel but the whole terrace would liave been destroyed. The hall was covered by insurance for £250 in the Australian Allianca, and the land office in the Victoria for £500. At the time the fire occurred, nine o'clock in the evening, when a deli berate attempt was macle to burn the "Seymour Express" office, it became evident that an incendiary was abroad. At the hour mentioned some passers by ob served a blaze right under tlie building,' and, .rushing to extinguish it, discovered that a fire of boards saturated with kero-, sene had been lit near the front of the, building. The fire at Guild's a fortnight since can now probably be traced to the. same cause. Vineyards at Albury. — The appear ance of the principal vineyards in this district is much less satisfactory than it was a few weeks ago. The effects of the long draught and hot winds are now very perceptible, the berries being small and shrivelled, oiioiuu iiu in the weather, the yield will be below the average, a circumstance which will be the more disastrous in that a marked im provement which has occurred in .the wine- trade is likely to lead to a ready sale' of the must at good prices. Victorian; buyers are even now offering to purchase, large/quantilies of grapes at rates con siderably in excess of the quotations -of.- previous years. This is a matter of tlie_ first importance to the many small vig- nerons who have not the appliances .for, manufacturing a really good wine, and; who could not afford to keep the wine till..' matured, even if they made it. A heavy fall of rain , if it came within the ensuing' week, would have the effect of largely iri-u creasing the yield. Serious Result of a Practical Joke. — A practical- joke, which is feared will be attended with fatal consequences, was committed a few days at Eaglehawk, by two miners named respectively Brooms and Lockharfc, on another named Smith. Finding the latter on the mine drunk and asleep, they tied liis'han'ds and feet, placed a rope around his body, and commenced to haul him up to the' rafters, when the; rope broke, and Smith fell across a sluiqdf; box, fracturing the spine. 7 -Both? offenders' have,been arrested, . - T "i£'T7rwR'Awn.T)iuTAr. "RvNb".,i7-Tiriis' nro-; prised to' start "a ' fife ' and drunir band'"iir Albury, and we hope the project will meet with popular support. "Several youngsters are ready, tq go into training under the tuition of'AIr- John Conpor; and alllthat is needed is a 3mall sum (say £15) "to buy in- strumeirtswrthr \ Subscription; riists 7 raise' fuii'ds ''for 'thari purpose 'are mow-fir circulation and it is lipped will speedily fill up. — "Border Pokt: YANKEE IMuglGAL CRlClSMI.Theqedi- tor of a mimng" 'camp "newspaper went to Denver to hear Emma Abbott sing, and, in a lengthy review Yf 'flie opera, says : — ' As a.singerjhe xainj usQwallop thehqsq. off arij-tfiinglrfar-'eVer-'wagged'a jaw-biu the hoards.y-Fj'om her clear Wrd-like upper notes sheo$d4ncounteV wflvdown on the bass racket and the cushion back t > a SQljt pi spincum ireuirajviuca u«n|c man' "in "'tlie "audience imagine every hair on nis, Jieiuri .thp, jpldenr s tr in celestifflnarp over wliicli angelic fingers were sweeping to,,theanspiring old tunt of ' Sally, put the kettle on.' Here she would resta while, trilling like an enchanted bird, "and thefi'iopih'anfohg the upper notes again ,r\vit .ait->and-£it vivacity tlia; jihgjed /the glass pendants on tHe chan-, deliers, andjeficfed a wlaoop' of pleasure from every golootin the mobgjjjgfj" ; The Polka. — The death is "announced at Prague, of a retired musical professor, Franz Hilmar, at-the-age of 79 years. According to the " AcadeniVj" JProfessor Hilm art haf" the, credit of j be i n /1|ieQri ve n to ll pfilthriponia-.--b'out -40yMs' Sgo""'h"e composed the first polka that ever appeared in print, both'tftKMfiSSl aSflifhlL step being taken from a popular Bohemian eoujUry -pSllIa." Seat® " half ;""the analogy of meaning is obvious. Tho first: nnll-n ever written was the " Esmeralda PolW , 