Looal and General News. POLICE COURT. Saturday, September 16. (Before- P. J. Heffernan, Esq., J. P.) HORSE STEALING. Abraham Bales, on bail and on remand, charged with having on the 25th September, 1880, feloniously stolen, taken, and carried away and killed one chesuut blood horse, known as Bylong, the property of Egan Brothers, at Junee Reefs. Mr. Kearney appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. W. P. Ds Boos for prisoner. Mr. Kearney rose to explain the case from the point of view taken of the case by the Crown. The blood-stallion Bylong had been the property of Messrs. Egan Bros., and had been stolen in a very mysterious manner on the 25th September, 1880. The traces of the horse had been followed for some dis tance, and some of the clothing had been found on the track where the horse had been forced to jump a brushfence ; but ultimately the traces had been lost, and no tidings had been beard of the missing horse, until quite recently the skeleton of a horse had been found in a secluded spot in a scrubby range, and circumstances had come to light which identified this skeleton with the lost blood stallion. The enquiries instituted by the police had led them to arrest two men who were now changed in conjunction with others with having caused the death of the horse ; and although the evidence was purely cir cumstantial, he thought that he was in a position to establish a prima-facie ease. Mr. Kearney then called : First-class Constable John Purcell, who deposed : I have heard my previous evidence read : it is correct ; I have nothing further to add at present. Thomas Egan, of Junee Reefs, selector, deposed : I remember the 25th September, 1880; I had then a stallion called Bylong, the property of myself and my brother for the season ; I saw him last about 7 p.m. on that day in my stable, which is strongly built inside a very secure yard, and was well secured otherwise ; the door of it was always tested, and locked on this night; the next morning the horse was gone when I went to the stable about 6 30 a.m.; the door of the stable was open, and the stock yard rails were down the lock off the stable-door was gone, and was never found ; I told my brother, and we went in search of the tracks ; a flock of sheep had gone over them, and we could not track the horse from the stable; it was unusual for the sheep to come into the yard ; I heard them disturbed about 1 or 2 o'clock, and got up to prevent them coming into the home paddock; we went different ways to look for the tracks, and I came upon them where an opening had been made in paddock fence; the horse was shod, and I could swear to his track ; there were marks to show that they had some trouble in getting him to go over a rail ; there were the tracks of two other horses without shoes there also; we fol lowed the tracks to a brush-fence farther on ; I then went back for horses, and we afterwards followed them to the main Sebastopol road, and saw where they had again taken the horse over a fence ; I here got a portion of the horse-rug sticking to the brush-fence, and I also saw a lot of the horse's hair as if grazed; I recognised the horse clothing and the hair as well; I then came into Temora to report the matter ; the direction the tracks were taking was towards Sebastopol, or about north-west from my place; I know where the skeleton of a horse had been found recently ; the direc tion of the tracks was in a bee-line for that place; I left the tracks, which were difficult to follow along the main road, about two miles from where the skeleton was found ; I was on the spot, and it is a dense scrub ; prisoner's place is about two miles from it ; I saw the skeleton of the horse, and portion of the contents of the paunch mixed with oats ; I fed Bylong on oats; I found a piece of cloth there also, under a log half burned (produced) I recognise it as part of the roller that had been on the horse when stolen; a piece of leather was lying close to it; I believe it was a piece of the strap of the roller but I cannot identify it positively; finding it alongside of the cloth I have no doubt it belonged to the roller; the piece of hide (produced) with chesnut hair was also found there; there was another piece of cloth picked-up close to the shearblade, I know nothing about, but it also had chesnut hair on it; the shearblade (produced) sharpened on both edges to a point was also found within two or three yards of the skeleton; the saddlecloth (produced) was also found, but did not belong to the horse; the pair of hobbles (produced) were also picked up about three yards from the horse; I never authorised anyone to take the horse out of the stable, and never gave anyone permission to take him away; the bones of the horse were recently burnt when I saw them on the 14th August last. Cross-examined : The horse was rented from Mr. Thomas Ivory; I paid £100 for him for the season, and I consider I was the owner for the time; I was responsible for him; the season commenced on the 1st of September; the agreement was that we were to pay £100 at the end of the season; I went to the spot accompanied by Senior constable King and a lad named Carrol ; I offered a reward of £100 for the recovery of the horse; the distance from our place and from Giles' to the place where the bones were found is from six to seven miles; Bylong, unfortunately for me, was a very quiet horse to lead; I had a quarrel and a fight with the prisoner, but this was twelve months subsequent to the theft of the horse; I have known him for the past three years. John Egan, brother of the preceeding wit ness, corroborated the evidence reported above, and stated that he had seen the horse fed at 11 p.m. on the 25th Septem ber, 1880, and saw the groom lock the door; went to bed about midnight, and maybe an hour or two afterwards heard the sheep dis turbed; next morning found the horse gone, and after some search picked up the tracks ; there were two unshod and one shod track, and they were in single file, with the stallion apparently in the middle; did not see the bones and other things picked up; the horse was taken without my authority and consent. I am certain I was following my horse's tracks. John Carroll, of Sebastopol, selector, de posed ; I remember, riding about in the Sebastopol ranges about the middle of July ; while riding through the scrub after kangaroos, in the vicinity of a place called Grass Tree Hill, my horse shied ; I stopped and looked round, and saw the remains of a horse shod on all fours, and the colour of the hide was between grey and chesnut; or there were some grey hairs amongst the chestnut; the hair was decaying and falling off; I saw nothing further; I don't remem ber the exact day I saw this ; I went about a fortnight afterwards to the place, with a man named Edward O'Donnell, to whom I had told about it; when we went back the remains were burnt, and all we could see were bones and ashes ; there had been no bushfire; the second time I went to the spot the shoes were gone ; I subsequently went to the spot with Senior- constable King and Mr. O'Donnell, but I saw nothing more. Cross-examined : My horse was cantering about eight or nine yards off when he shied. Michael King, senior-constable, stationed at Junee, deposed : In the month of Septem ber, 1880, I was in charge of the Narrandera police station, and in that capacity received a report of the theft of a chesnut blood stallion Bylong had been stolen from Egan Bros., Junee Reefs; on being transferred to Junee I made enquiries into the mysterious disappearance, and received information that the prisoner now before the Court, and Charles Butler were the parties that had stolen the horse. (This portion of the evidence was objected to, and disallowed.) From information received I went to Grass Tree Hill in the Sebastopol paddock, and there saw the remains of a horse burnt ; it was seemingly burnt a week, as the leaves on the scrub around appeared freshly singed; I recognise the piece of hide and the hair produced as having been found there ; I went there subsequently with Mr. Thomas Egan, and then found the portion of the roller, another piece of the hide, and the shearblade produced ; the fire had clearly been lit purposely ; the shearblade had blood stains on it, and some chesnut hair was stuck to it. Cross-examined : The spot is about three miles from Mr. Curry's public-house. John Elliott, labourer, deposed : I know the prisoner ; I remember the 25th Septem ber, 1880 ; I saw prisoner and Charles Butler at Giles' place, at Junee Reefs, from about 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. ou Friday, 24th September; Giles himself and two sons were there also ; I was out in the garden, and heard the con versation of the othen outside of the garden; they were talking about poisoning a dog and taking a horse; Butler said : 'I can take the horse out of the stable;' Bales said : ' If I can get a horse I'll come down ; I'll get a horse, if I've to sweat one ; Joseph Giles said: 'If you can't get a horse, I'll meet you with one;' Bales said: 'Very well, I'm sure to be down; Butler then said : ' That's all right ;' they then went into Giles' bar ; a few minutes afterwards I went in after them, and saw the same per sons there; this was about 8 p.m., and they stayed there for an hour and a half or two hours ; two then went out of the back door (John Giles and Butler), and Joseph Giles and prisoner left by the front door ; I fol lowed them in about 10 or 20 minutes to look for them, but could not see them any where ; I then went to bed in tho public house; next morning I saw prisoner and Joseph aud John Giles ; I left Giles' in com pany with prisoner up the road towards Sebastopol ; he was driving Mrs. Lees' team, and I went with him to near Sebastopol ; I asked him whether he would be down to Giles' that night ; he said : 'I'll be down, but it will be late at night ; if you come to Giles' stockyard about 8 or 8 p.m., you will see me there; I am going to meet the Giles' boys and Butler there ;' I then left him, and went back to Giles' ; I stayed there a couple of hours, and went to Cooney's at Old Junes, where I remained till dark; I then returned to Giles' and arrived there about 10 pm.; this was on Saturday, the 25th ; I was going to put my horse in the backyard, when I saw three men riding out of the yard; I knew the men, and two of the horses ; the men were John and Joseph Giles, and Charles Butler; when they saw me they went back into the yard ; and I went to the front of the hotel, where old Giles came outside and spoke to me; he then went round, and said: ' All right; boys, it's only Elliott.' {This evidence was objected to.) The three men named then rode out of the yard along the road towards Mr. Egan's ; about two hours before daylight next morning, I saw the same men coming along the road from the same direction; two were walking and carry ing their saddles, and one was riding ; I didn't see prisoner till near Christmas after wards ; I heard next morning that Bylong was missing; the saddle-cloth produced I have seen before, I believe, about Junee ; I don't know in whose possession. By the Bench : I saw it either at Giles' or Williamson's. Thomas Egan, re-called : I have heard the preceding evidence and heard him repeat a conversation about poisoning a dog; a dog of mine that used to be tied up alongside of the stable-door was poisoned on Friday, the 24th September ; I was away at the time, and when I came home on Saturday evening, the 25th the dog was dead. John Egan, re-called : The dog was poisoned on Friday night, 24th September ; I saw it on the evening of that day, and he was all right; next day he was missed, and some time during Saturday, the 25th, I saw him lying dead; the dog was a valuable sheep-dog, and I would not have taken £20 for him. Cross- examined : I have poison in the house sometimes, but I never laid poison. Mr. Kearney at this stage asked for a remand as, owing to the absence of a magis trate, the prosecution had not been able to procure all the evidence. Defendant's attorney raised several objec tions to any further postponement; but, finally, the Bench granted the remand, bail being allowed on the same terms as before. Messrs. Gilmartin and Kirkpatrick then entered into the required, recognizances. Thomas Joseph Giles was then called on the charge of having hired certain parties to steal the stallion Bylong. Mr. Kearney for the prosecution, and Mr. W. P. De Boos - for the defendant. The latter atated that he had been in formed that defendant had died since the last hearing, and applied that the bail be released. Mr, Kearney raised the objection that no legal proof existed of the death of the accused, and that until such was produced, the bail could not be released. The Bench then informed the recog nizances that the bail would be released next Saturday, if meanwhile legal proof were pro duced of the death of the accused. Toesdav, Septehbeb 20. (Before P. J. Heffemati, Esq., J.P.) SUMMONS CAS SS. MInttre v. Newson.— Assault. A quarrel between two mates arising out a difference of opinion on tbe subject of washing up some washdirt, and finishing up in a fight in which plaintiff got consider ably the wont share, and now sought redress for it in the Police Court. From the evid ence it appeared that the two parties had fought five or six rounds on the claim ; and, after a patient bearing, the Bench fined defendant 10s. and costs 6i. 6d. horse-stealing. Charles Butler, a confines in Albury gaol, was brought up under a writ of habeas corpus with having been an accomplice with others in the theft and murder of the blood stallion Bylong. First-class Constable Purcell deposed that he had received prisoner from Warder Gardner at the lock- up from Jilbury gaol under a writ of habeas corpus (produced) under the hand of Sir George Inncs, Justice ; asked prisoner, ' Ds you remember the horse Bylong being stolen in September, 1880 1' prisoner said, 'I remember hearing of him the morning after he was stolen, but I can't say what month he was stolen I said, ' Did you, in o mpany with others, go to Egan Brothen' place on the night of the 25tb September, 1880?' he said, 'I did not;' lsaid, ' Where were you that night ?' he said, ' I was in bed ;' I said, ' Are you quite sure you were not atGiles'that uight?' he said, '1 am ;' I then chargcd him with being concerned with Abraham Bales aud othen in stealing the blood stallion Bylong from Junee Reefs on or about the 25th Sep tember 1880 ; in reply t-- tbe charge be said, ' Very well ;' I am not prepared for the case and apply for a remand. till Saturday next. Remand granted. 