TOWN TALK. Keuter telegraphs that Her Majesty tlio Queen, accompanied by Prioccss Beatrice, will leave Eugland on a visit to the Conti nent next month, her physicians having pre scribed rest and a change of air. The British Cabinet has protested against tho treaty recently concluded between Russia and Persia defining tho boun dary of the Turcoman territory under Rus sian control, and which, if carried into effect, would greatly incroaso Muscovite influence in Central Asia. It is reported that a revolt has cowmcnced at Herat, in Afghanistan, against the Ameer. The Cloture will bo adopted by the House of Commons on a baro majority, provided that 200 vote for it, 01 less than 40 oppose it. Although tho search for tho bodies of the two men drowned in the bay on Sunday last was continued yesterday, it was not re warded with any success. The amount of verbosity amongst the members cf the Town Council last evening prolonged the meeting from seven o'clock until a quarter past ten o'clock; The chief item of discussion, and upon -which a majority of the members spoke several times was the matter affecting the channelling o tlio Johnstono Park drain, with a view o abating tho dreadful sickening smells which arise from that place of abomination. Tho Council had previously invited neighboring local bodies to arrango for a definite plan to abate the nuisance, but last evening it was dccidcd that tho Council's delegates to tho Conference to bo held this afternoon should advo cate an appeal to the Government for a grant- in-aid for abating the nuisance in the park, reaching from tho old data to the cul vert under Latrobe Terrace. There is every probability of the storage capacity of the Stony Creek reservoir being iucreascd. Tho original embankment was cut down some 30 feet, as tho engineers some years since thought that it could not stand the immonso pressure o£ tho water. Prom that time to the present the town has been frequently menaced with the fear of a water famine. The consumption during tho past five years has been rapidly increasing, and tbe reservoirs are beginning to show that the supply is diminishing. Yesterday morning Mr Young, the Commissioner of Public Works, visited the Stony Creek reservoir and the concrete dam, with a view of satis fying himself that a larger storago area is neeessaTy. Prom what we can learn, Mr Young proposes to raieo the height of tho bye-wash at the upper reservoir, so that a supply of several hundreds of millions of gallons of water, in addition to tho preseut supply, will bo given. After the quarterly meeting of the Town Council, which was held last evening, Mr Weire, the Town Clerk, congratulated the Council on the fact of having completed its thirty-second year of existence. He stated that he, alone, had been left in the Corpora tion to tell tho tale of the Council's origin, and he wished the councillors every success. When in tho Mayor's room tho health of the Town Clerk, who has reached the age of 79 years, was proposed by Aid. Couves, and honored with tho enthusiasm which has ever been manifested in regard to the popular " father of town clerks." Tho health of tho Mayor was proposed by Aid. Jones, and given with musical honors. It was arranged last evening that a ma jority of the members of the Town Council j should make an excursion to Wiuchelaea. I Bhortly, to participate in tho municipal crickct match. It is expected that the match will be played either on the 21st or 23rd inst.' It appears (writes our Melbourne corre spondent) that the Exhibition is not so un safe as was supposed. The slight departure of the walls from tho perpendicular is stated to be due to the spreading of the roof in the main avcuue, caused by a shrinking of the timber and the pressure of the wind. The dome is pronounced safe, and, as soon as the rods have been put in to restore tho roof to its proper shape, the building will bo all right again. By the last mail from Europe, M. Chevalier A, T. Goyzueta, Consul-General from Italy, received the diplomas of the I following decorations, conferred by His I Imperial Majesty the King of Italy upon I several of the leading members of the Exhibition Commission : - The lions. Graham Berry and W. J. Clarke are nominated Knights Commander of tho Crown of Italy ; tho hon. Mr Casoy and Mr Geo. Collins Levey receive diplomas as Knights Officer, and Mr Cosmo Newbery ia appointed a Knight Companion. The in signia and decorations of tho order have not yet arrived, but will follow. Tho appoint ments carry no titular distinction, and ate given in accordance with European prece dent and" practice, in recognition of tho services of the recipients in connection with the late International Exhibition. At tho Police Court yesterday morning Mary Drover was charged with having stolen the key of the tabernacle of St. Mary's Eoman Catholic Church. She pleaded guilty. Edmund Fletcher, care taker o£ the chnrch, gave evidence that he had given the accused into custody on Wednesday morning, on a charge of having stolen the key, and he saw the key taken from her when sho was searched at the lockup. She had no authority to take tho -key, and was a continual nuisance about the church. Sho was sent to gaol for 7 days, with hard labor. Messrs Couves and Tully, Jb.P,, were on tho Bench. John Bebb was charged at the Polico Court, yesterday morning, with insulting behavior in a public place. Constable Hcffernan gave ovidenco that he was sent for, to remove the accused from the Golden Age Hotel cn, Wednesday afternoon. He removed him, and Bebb then abused him, and wanted to fight him. He had seen the accused about the same hotel several times, conducting himself in a disorderly manner, but he managed to keep clear of tho police until Wednesday. Ho was lined 10s, or, in default, 48 hours' imprisonment. A man, charged with drunkenness, was fined 5s, or tho usual alternative. At the Winchclaea Police Court, held yesterday, before Mr Heron, P.M., and Mr W. Stirling, J.P., two lads, named William Rayuor and William Wilson, were summoned by John Freeman, tho Church oE Eugland clergyman, for having stolen fruit from his garden ou Sunday last. The proceed ings were taken under the 102nd section of the Criminal Practice andProeeduro Statute, which empowers the magistrates to eimer 1110 or imprison offenders. An employe if tho coinplaiuitnt gave evidence to having seen the lads in his employer's garden; taking the fruifc. Two other witnesses also proved having seen the ladj in tho garden, but they stated that they had received permission to take tho fruit from an em ploye of Freeman's. Mr Whytc, who ap peared for the defendants, poiutcd out the injustice of sending the lads to gaol, and the bench, taking a similar view of tho case, fined each of the lads 10s. Mrfleron, P.M., and Dr. Williams and Mr Stoneman, Js.P., wore on tho bench)at the Quecnscliff rolice Court on Wednesday, when two men, named Butler and Welland were fined for having allowed' their horses to wander in the public streets. A number of small debt cases were also disposed of. A temporary license to hold a ball in the Foresters' Hall was granted to Mr J. Casey A little boy named Anthony Smith, aged 3i years, residing withhis parents at Ger mantown, was treated at the hospital yes terday for a wound to his left hand. Ho was playing with his sister in their yard, when she chopped a joint of one of his fingers off with ail axe, and bruised two or three others. The Town Inspector appears to bo deter mined to rid the town of tho goat nuisance. He raado a raid yesterday afternoon, with a number of assistants, and very soon cap tured a dray-load of them. Owners of goats have been repeatedly warned, but they still persist in turning their pets adrift. The monthly meeting of the members of tho Corio Cricket Club ' was held at the Victoria Hotel last evening. There were twelve members present, and Mr J. S. Begley occupied the chair. Tho business of tho evening was to receive the resignation of the Secretary of the club, Sir F. Livingston, and to appoint his successor. The resignation was received, and Mr 1C. Snodgrass elected to tho posi tion. Mr J. Gardiner brought under tho notice of tho members the fact that horses and sheep mera daily grazing on and eating the grass off the pitch at tbo cricket ground, and ho moved -"That in future no stock be allowed to graze on the ground." This was seconded by Mr Forbes, and carried unanimously. Tbo meeting then closed, after a vote of thanks had been passed to the lato Secre. tary, Mr F. Livingston, for his past ser. vices. The steamer Alert did not arrive at her berth, alongside the Moorabool wharf, lasj evening, until ten o'clock. Tho delay was caused through tho large quantity of cargo which had to be shipped at Molbonrno and Portarlington. A meeting of tho St. Patrick's Day Cele bration Committee was hold last evening ; Mr Wiloy in the chair. A large amount of routine business was disposed of, and it was announced that Messrs Munday and Tully bad promised a cup, value £5 5s, as a prize for a hurling match between the married and single members of St. Patrick's and St. Mary's Societies, to be won twice by the same team. Votes of thanks ivore passed to Messrs Muiiday, Tully, and Kerley for their generous donations, and the meeting adjourned for a week. The words » Exhibition Hall" arc being placed in gilt lettering, in a semi- circle, over the front of that building, facing Moorabool street; It is certainly an improvement to the appearance of the fayadc, and will render it very conspicuous to pedestrians. Mr Cecil Forrester gave his third perfor mance at the Mechanics' Institute last evening, and received a fair sharo of patron age. Ho afforded tho audienco much amusement, his clever assumptions of charac ters and comic actions and sayings evoking continuous applause and laughter. A very large number of prizes were distributed, including gifts for the best and worst conun drums on tho Institute and Mr Forrester. The punishment of the Sandhurst postman tor kissing girls on his rounds is a severe reprimand and removal to Horsham, in fact, all over the district the yields have been exceptionally good. The potato crops are also at tho present timo looking stronfi , hen,»'y. and giving promise of an abundant harvest. New Zealand tiles to the 3rd February are to hand. llioy stato that Wellincton was i isited nn the 1st February by one of the moat violent shocks of earthquake cxpe [itXnr i"r-y?arS' but 80 fal: as ascertained iitcie or no injury was occasioned, either to public, commercial, or private buildiW I he carthouako was fMf n ° *? junuant Harvest New Zealand tiles to the 3rd February i iinnn Tinw nr.ii- . J At Mr H.-u-wood's benefit at tho Opera House, Melbourne, on Thursday evening (say8 tho Herald), Mies Nellie Stewart was the recipient of n magnificent bouquet, pre sented to her as a uiurlc of admiration of her professional excellences by Prince Michel Contiatine, of H.F.R.M. ClipperPlastoun. Air Ben. Hepburn, of Ballarat, is going on a visit to the old country next month. His friends intend to recognise his ivorth as a citizen prior to his departure. A lire broke out on Tuesday morning in tho stables at the rear of Mr John Miller's hotel, at Morton Plains. The flames spread so rapidly that Mr Miller's racehorse Doncas ter was burned to death. The loss is esti mated at over £200. It would appear that at present there are no fewer than six runaways from tho Balla rat Reformatory. Two of these escaped from the institution on Tuesday evening, and were traced as far as Gordon. As it is under stood that the runaways are makiug for Gee long, their capture is doubtless but a matter of a fow hours at the most. Mr Martin LougUlin's carefully selected stable of jumping horses (says the Sjmisman) is to be seat to tho hammer next month, the 7th! March being the date ; that well known liallarot sportsman having made up his mind to take a tour through Europe at an early date. The list comprises Handy Andy, Sir Peter, Game, King of Trumps, and Left Bower. A sample of the black marblo discovered by Mr John Buntiuo, J.P., near Toongabbie, having been sent to Melbourne to be tested, has turned out (says the Gippsland Times) liino of better quality thau any in tho colony, and a patty is to como to Gippsland to use the refuse for that purpose, paying the owners a royalty. The barque Olivia Davis, inward bound from Newcastle, N.S.W., got aground ou Wednesday ou the shoal about 50 yards to the westward of No. 1 black buoy, at the entraucc of the West Channel. The steamer Richmond, when passing outward, endea vored to tow her off, but without effect, and she therefore gave up the attempt and proceeded on her voyage. There is no appa rent danger to the vessel, as she is on a sandy bottom, and will probably be got off with the next tide. Gravo complaints (says the Argiu) are being made in the Railway department that half-fare passes given to press representatives arc being almost aa much,if not more,abused than were the free passes.- - So f»r has . this practice already extended since tho abolition of free tickots, that cases are being prepared against some of the offending parties, who will shortly be required to answer for their conduct in a court of law. Tho Mclbourno detective police have re. ccived a communication from the Chief of the Scotland Yard detectives giving aa Ulus. trated and letterpress description of the diamonds and jewellery stolen from the residence of Lord Trevor, Brynkinallt, Chirk, Wales, on Sunday, the 4th of December last and offering a reward of £500 for the te covery of the property. The diamonds and jewellery are valued at £SU,000. The rob bery was committed while the family were at church on the morning in question. | A gentleman at Scarsdale (says the Bal. larat Courier) recently had rather an un. pleasant experience of the truth of tho old adage that misfortunes never come sinclv for three following telegrams informed him, I first that his father-in-law was dead, next that another relative of his wife had died and last that a bush- fire was blazing away in hia paddoek. The junlucky man at last came to look npon himself as a modern Job and on the telegraph aa the substitute for tbo messengers which brought such bad tidings to that long-suffering man. A prisoner named Caleb Lewis, a notorious thief, who was sentenced by the Elmore bench on Wednesday to three months' im. prisonment, escaped from the custody of tho police officer whilst being conveyed to Sand hurst on Wednesday evening,to be lodged ia gaol. Ho was in a buggy, sitticg handcuffed between the constable and another man, and when near the Epsom pottery he suddenly jumped out of the trap and rushed into tho bnsh. It was dark at the time, and all search proved fruitless. The police of the whole distriot are on tho alert to find him. " Ho was brought up on habeas, having been committed by tho Eaglehawk - Bench for trial at the assizes for housebreaking. A rumor has been afloat to tho effect that human remains had been seen in the surf at Apollo Gay. It appears that about 10 days ago a young woman waB walking along the shore to her brother-in-law's selection at Krambr'ik, when she {saw hnman remains, consisting of a collar bone, one arm, and a portion of a trunk, washing abont in the breakers. On reaching home she informed her brother-in-law, , Mr Mitchell, of what she had'seen, and he mado all hasto to the spot, . with a view to recover the bones, but although ho searched the beach for some timo he could not discover them. Nothing has beon seen of the remains since. A second seizure of Chinese goods was made on Wednesday by Mr Richardson, Custom House officer, from Melbourne, at] tho store of Snn Kum Fong, in tho Main-street, Ballarat. Having obtained a search warrant, he searched thevpremises, and in a short time discovered no fewer than 100 cases of contraband Chinese spirits, principally brandy, the duty on which wonld have amounted to about £2 per case, though the spirits themselves were not of much value. Two largo cases of tobacco were also found concealcd in an outhouse of a hotel next door, tho landlord of which states they were placed thero without his know ledge. ?? We are compelled to hold over Bome cor respondence. Tho Austialiati SietcJier just issued! con tains some graphic illustrations of Victorian life and character, and nro a relief upon landscapes and other pictures, which are ex citing enough in their way, but lack the in terest attaching to evory-day sketches of the people. In tho number before us, there is a very realistic picturo of a dust storm ia Melbourne, " A changa of wind at the Town Hall,comer,Melbourne;"and apage ofilhiB trations, of life at the seaside. Tho Wilson circus,in its most attractive features, is well delineated. The passengers land ing from quarantine are well portrayed, and the " Chirnside picnic" and other illustra tions make up a capital number. An error occurred in our report of Wednes day's meeting of the HoBpital Committee. Mr Reeves did not complain about his tender being rejected. He merely asked for informa tion to be made public with regard to tho prices of the successful tenderers. The Secretary of the Geelong Hospital has much pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of £10, presented to the funds of the abovo institution by Mr E. de Mestro, the winner of the Gold Cap, and forwarded by Mr J. D. Robinson, the secretary of the Racing Club. Arrangements are being made for a benefit to be given to Mr H. S. Pineott, the scenic artist of the Exhibition Hall theatre. It will consist of a varied entertainment, to take place on the 17th inst., on which occa sion Mrs Bell and Miss Fry, and a num ber of leading amateur vocalists of the town, will render assistance. Tho balf-yearly meeting of Cleary's Quartz Mining Co., Elaine, will beheld at Horner's Hotel, at that place, on Friday, 17th inst., at noon. " Orient " announces in our advertising columns a consultation on the Australian Cup. Tho list of prices to bo charged for laundry work, to be executed at tho Refuge, in Kil dare, is published in our advertising columns. 