EXTENSIVE BUSH FIRES. Although in ordinary years the latter end of I the month of March ia considered very late for liushfires, atill they are at present burniug in ditlereut parts of the country. Our own im mediate district ia the scene of a conflagration, threatening much property in the Shire of Huntly. This lire begun on Thursday, and raged through the whole at yesterday and last night. So tar the flames h^ve their centre ia a place locally known as Phillip's Gully, but when Been at three o'clock yesterday afternoon tho fire presented a front I of at least live miles. It wao than about seven miles distant from the township of JIuutly, on the eastern side of the new road going towards Kamarooka. I< has not yet broken out of the bush, but already several unfortunate fo8sickers who had huta at Phillips' Gully have been forced to abaudon to the (iampa their humble habitations, together with uny property they possessed ivliwh they could not carry sissy. Yesterday afteruoop the fire had approaohed to within a mile aud a half of the culti vated holdings of Mr. Howt, and was about the sama distance from the farms of Mr. Cole and Mr. Burns. Luckily last night ti?e wind waa very light, but should a strong breeze I set in there is uo knowiog where the progress of the flames will be stopped, for tho residents can do nothing, there beiug uo water in the neigh borhood, and the fire of bucIi proportiopa that it cannot possibly be beaten out. There ia some hope that when it reachea the cleared ground aloug the road, further destruction will be pre yeuted, hut should a atroug wiud then be blow log the flames must be carried across tho road, and much valuable property destroyed. We have not heard of any stock, so far, having fallen victims, but owiug to want of food aud water should the (ire spread much further the starved aud weak animals will be unable to fly beforo it, and thua perish. Altogether the poeition ia moat critical and sad to say, residents in the neigh borhood can do nothing to help f(ieu)selvea. Acaouuts have also been received of extensive husbiires in Mie Black Forest {ntar the town ships of Trentham and Fernhill), and on the rauges contiguous to Mt. Macedon. Yesterday morning tho chain of hiltu running west from Macedon, on the right hand aide of the rail way Hue, waa the sceno o1 a largo bushfire, which was clearly observable when the noou passenger train from Sandhurst waa passing. The lire waa not, however, in an inhabited locality, and beyond the consumption of timber no damage up to the present has been occasioned, although it ia feared that the fire m&y; extend to the farma which lie beneath the hills. On fhe left hand side of the railway line the Mount is also on (ire in several places, but the tlameB do not appear to be making any great progreaa. "it the iirea in the Black Forest appear to be °j much greater dimensionu, and at about nine "dock last night the flames were di8tiuctly eeei> from the Kyueton railway station. The Couutry was illuminated (or miles around, the deuee undergrowth and huav'y timber of the '"restproviding materir-lof tho mostimflimm&ble; nature. We have been unablo to ascertain whether any losses have resulted, but it ia apprehended that damage is inevitable to th03® 'arms which are situated within the oonlines °' the forest, should the lire not bo chocked or e*bau#t itself. 