DOMESTIC SERVICE. WE scarcely wanted to be informed that there are thousands on thousands of young women in London alone willing and able to work, but who can scarcely earn money enough to keep body and soul together. It goes without saying that there are thousands of girls in this colony employed as domestic servants, who can afford to dress in silks and adorn them- selves with expensive jewellery, to whom work appears to be irksome and control impossible. Indeed it is the female " help " in Victoria who dictates the terms of her engagement with her mis- tress, and who, seldom or never, fulfils them. It would be a great blessing to themselves and to us, if we could import some of those London girls to this coun- try, if we could have any security that they would not in a few months fall into the ways of their more fortunate sisters here. As things stand at present, how- ever, no such security exists ; and the high rate of wages prevailing in Australia for domestic service, together with the force of example and the rivalry which is innate in the female breast soon corrupts even the best disposed of the young women who arrive on these prosperous shores. We believe there is a system in New South Wales which, in some degree, obviates this evil ; but even there it is impossible to supply the de- mand. The system alluded to is that girls can be engaged in England by persons willing to pay their passage out, and they are bound to their employers for a certain term, their passage money being deducted from their wages by small instalments. To be sure, they have assisted immigration in the neigh- boring colonies ; while the people of Victoria not only abolished that plan, but are absolutely jealous of any increase to the population. But even without assisted immigration, would it not be wise to take a page out of our neighbor's book in the direction indicated ? There are a great many benevolent ladies in Melbourne and throughout the colony, who suffer from the scarcity, the independence, the idleness and unhandiness of female servants, who might, while to some extent obviating their present household troubles, relieve some of these pinched and half-starved young persons of whom we have lately heard so much. These gentlewomen could surely bring pressure enough to bear upon their friends in Parliament to legislate with this view. An act might be passed empowering employers to en- gage, through an active and circumspect agent in London of their own sex, girls willing to enter into service here on the condition named. We have, certainly, been told that this would be un-English and a system of slavery, and that if a girl choose to get married the contract would no longer exist. But what slavery, we would ask, could be worse than that under which the unfortunate creatures in the old country at present suffer. As to their marrying, we should say that a man ought to be prepared to take his wife's liabilities with herself, and if he chooses to wed her before her term of service expired — that is to say, before she had repaid her passage by her service — he should be liable for whatever balance remained. There are, no doubt, diffi- culties in the way, as, for instance, the servant making herself so obnoxious to her employers, that they should be glad to get rid of her at any sacrifice ; but the law should be able to compel her to carry out her contract faithfully and dutifully. It is dreadful to think of these unhappy creatures famishing in England, surrounded by the depravity and temptations of a great city, while there is such a demand for them here ; but there is no doubt that the ill-conduct into which they sometimes fall here, and the airs they assume, are not always due entirely to themselves. ================ OVENS DISTRICT HOSPITAL. — The annual meeting of governors and subscribers to the above institution will be held in the hospital board-room at three o'clock on Monday afternoon, 31st inst. The date of holding the meeting was by mistake fixed for the following Tuesday afternoon ; but as the rules provide that it shall take place in July, the first-named date has been appointed. BETHANGA POLICE COURT. — On Thurs- day, before Messrs P. Wright and H. G. Cossins, J.P.'s, T. Egan was brought up on remand, charged with stealing a saddle. Constable Hewitt prosecuted, J. T. Brady said : Prisoner and I were working as partners on a job near Tallangatta ; Egan asked me to lend him my horse, saddle and bridle, to go to Bethanga ; I did so, but he not returning, I went to Bethanga, and on the road I met my horse; I afterwards saw prisoner, and asked for my horse, saddle and bridle ; he said the horse had got away, and he had sold the saddle and bridle ; gave informa- tion to the police. J. Reade said that he saw prisoner on the 5th July, who offered him a saddle for sale ; he asked £2 ; gave him 35s. for it. Constable Hewitt proved several previous convictions against the prisoner, who was sentenced to three months in Beechworth Gaol. Blanchfield summoned E. Wright for beating a child. Blanchfield said that defendant had given a child of his a beating, but he did not see it done. Mrs. Wright said the boy had been ill-using a goat of hers, so she, catch- ing him, gave him several slaps on the trousers. Fined 2s. 6d. T. Allen was charged by the police with stealing timber. Constable Allwood, from Tallangatta, said Brady, a mate of J. Egan, just convicted, had issued a search warrant against defen- dant for some timber ; he had executed the warrant, but was satisfied from the receipts, &c.;, that defendant had, that the timber had been sold to him by Egan ; he, therefore, asked that he be discharged. Accused was discharged accordingly. Goldsworthy v. Johnson : Defendant had some posts and rails to split for Golds- worthy, which he said he did over 12 months ago ; Goldsworthy was to fetch them ; in the meantime, they were burned by the bush-fires last summer ; two wit- nesses swore the rails were split, and awaiting carting by Goldsworthy, who said they had never been handed over to him. The case was dismissed, with 10s. costs to defendant. Two or three petty debt cases, for which verdicts were given, were heard, and the court adjourned. A court for the revision of the supple- mentary list of votes for members of the Legislative Council was held the same day, and the list passed and signed as correct. THE RUTHERGLEN VOLUNTEER FIRE- BRIGADE. — A committee meeting of the above brigade, comprising the officers appointed at the previous meeting and Messrs. David Hamilton, H. Muller, N. Lawson, H. St. J. McNaughton and the secretary, was held on Tuesday evening in the council chambers, for the purpose of drawing out a code of rules to be sub- mitted to the general meeting of the brigade to be held on Tuesday evening, 25th inst. Mr. P. Manelick, captain of the brigade, occupied the chair. The secretary submitted rules of several brigades, which were considered a good guidance ; and we think that the com- bination of the various rules, along with the alterations made, will be advantageous to the brigade. SCHOLASTIC. — Miss Forbes has been appointed sewing-mistress at the Free- burgh State-school, in place of Miss Flynn, resigned. PLOUGHING. — At the Wyndham Shire annual ploughing match on Thursday last, in Class B — champion class — Double- furrow ploughs, A. Dunning, of Nu- murkah, took first prize, and B. Jones, of Oxley Plains, second. In referring to the performances of these ploughmen, the correspondent of the " Daily Telegraph " reports that " in handling their double furrow ploughs, they rather surprised the agriculturists of Werribee as to the quality of work those implements are capable of accomplishing. " MINING MEM. — A telegram from Bright states : — The Easter Gift Company have crushed 34 tons of stone from their reef at Deep Creek, near Bright, for a yield of 211ozs. of retorted gold. The contractors for sinking a shaft for the New Wallace Deep Lead Gold-mining Company having abandoned the job, sinking is now being done by day wages. THE NORTH-EASTERN PROVINCE ELEC- TION. — Mr. Wm. Essington King, by ad- vertisement in another column, announces himself as a candidate for the representa- tion of the North-Eastern Province. CORRECTION. — The captain of the Tarra- wingee Football Club (Mr. G. R. Weet- man) writes pointing out that Oxley se- cured one goal and three behinds, and Tarrawingee two behinds— not one goal and twelve behinds to Tarrawingee three behinds, as stated in our correspondent's report — in the football match played be- tween those clubs on Saturday. MR. ALPEN. — Mr. H. Alpen, organist of St. Patrick's, Sydney, has been appointed professor of music to the High School at the Convent of the Good Samaritan, Sydney. This gentleman is also musical instructor at Riverview College, and at Claremont, Rose Bay, the College of the Sisters of the Sacred Heart, states the " Banner. " ROUND HILL STATION.— A telegram in the " Herald " states that the western portion of Mr. Balfour's Round Hill estate, near Albury, containing 25,000 acres, and carrying 20,000 sheep, has been purchased by Mr. Francis Ormond. THE MYRTLEFORD RAILWAY.— Thursday last was the day appointed for dealing with tenders for the construction of the railway line from Everton to Myrtleford, but those received were not opened. SILVER READINGS. —The third of the series of " silver readings " in the Inde- pendent Schoolroom, Beechworth, will be held on Wednesday evening ; and as an attractive programme has been prepared, the attendance will doubtless be as large, if not larger, as at similar gatherings pre- viously held. WODONGA SHIRE COUNCIL. — Mr. W. C. M'Farlane is a candidate for a seat in the Wodonga Shire Council. OPENING MUSEUMS ON THE SUNDAY. — The " Southern Cross " has the following : — The question of opening museums, &c.;, on Sunday has been again debated in the British House of Commons, and defeated both in votes and argument. Only 83 votes were in favor of the opening, while 208 went into the lobby against it, making a majority of 125, or more than two to one, against Sabbath desecration. The vote ought to settle the question for this generation ; but the anti-Sabbath fanatics have, in a very high degree, the English quality of never knowing when they are beaten, and they hope some day, while their opponents sleep, to snatch a victory. Meanwhile, there are two satisfactory features in the recent vote. The strength of the anti-Sabbath party plainly does not increase, as the present vote, if we remember aright, is the heaviest cast against them for years. Moreover, the Bill was resolutely opposed by the working men's representatives in Parliament. The working men have a sure and keen instinct on the subject. If museums, &c.;, are to be opened on Sundays, why not theatres ? If theatres are to be opened, why should not newspapers be published ? And if newspaper proprietors ply their trade, why should any other branch of trade be required to cease operations ? The whole question of Sunday labor lies behind this innocent proposition to open museums, &c.;, on Sunday, and the working men of Great Britain, like the working men of Victoria, are wisely and resolutely set against it. They do not mean to be robbed of the boon bestowed on labor by God himself, of a weekly day of rest. SUPREME COURT ACTION.— On Tuesday last, before His Honor Mr. Justice Moles- worth, at the Supreme Court, an application for a rule nisi calling on Mrs. Augusta Heimer, widow of Louis Heimer, a farmer near Benalla, to show cause why probate of the will of Louis Heimer should not be granted to Frederick Warm, the executor, was considered. Mr. Topp moved the rule absolute, and Mr. M'Kinley showed cause. Heimer had been a farmer near Benalla. On the 14th March last he was taken to Benalla suffering from an illness, from which he died on the 18th March. According to Dr. Rohner, who attended him, he was suffering from congestion of the lungs following sup- pressed measles. On the 16th March Dr. Rohner suggested that, as he was not likely to recover, he should make a will, and a printed form was procured. He then dictated a will, leaving his property equally divided between his wife and two children, and appointing his brother-in- law, Frederick Wurm, a watchmaker, as his executor. The will was witnessed by Mr. George Sharpe and by Dr. Rohner. The wife of the testator was, it was stated, present when the will was made. The testator died two days afterwards. The widow opposed probate being granted to the will on the ground that he was not aware of what he was doing at the time he signed it, as he was then in a moribund condition. His Honor decided in favor of the application, and made absolute the rule for grant of probate to the executor. Mrs. Heimer's counsel applied to His Honor not to give costs against her on the ground that she was a poor and ignorant foreigner. The learned judge refused the application, stating he had proof to the contrary. He would make an example of those who brought forward frivolous actions, and said she would have to provide for the costs of the action out of the portion — a third — of the property willed to her. BANKING. — We have received the report of the half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Bank of Van Deimen's Land, of which Mr. Wyatt Hickling (formerly of the Beechworth branch of the Oriental Bank Corporation) is the manager. The directors' report and balance-sheet sub- mitted to the meeting which was held on the 13th inst., showed a steady increase in the business of the bank ; the gross profits, after full provision for accrued interest on fixed deposits, rebate on bills discounted still current, and all losses made during the half-year ending 30th June, amounting to £8973 2s. 2d., the net profits to £5942 15s. 4d. (a little more than 12 per cent. per annum on the paid- up capital), and it was proposed to devote £3063 2s. to a dividend at six per cent., add £2000 to the reserve fund, and trans- fer £500 to the contingency account. During the past half-year the manager established business relations with the Colonial Bank of Australasia in Victoria, and arranged with the Oriental Bank Corporation for the issue of credits on Mauritius, China, and the East, as well as circular notes for the convenience of travellers abroad, on favorable terms. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Hickling for the efficient manner in which he had conducted the business of the institution since his appointment. ALBURY LAND OFFICE. — Some idea may, states the " Banner," be formed of the extent of business transacted at the Albury Land Office, and of the rate of which it is in- creasing, from the following return, showing the revenue received from 1st January to 31st December, 1881, and from 1st January to 30th June, 1882 :— 1st January to 31st December, 1881 : Deposits, on conditional purchases, £12,385 7s. ; balance on do., £1410 7s. 6d. ; interest on do., £16,178 7s. 3d. ; instalments on do., £4823 4s. 7d. ; leases, £946 0s. 6d. ; land sold at auction, £2907 3s. 7d. ; timber licenses and sundries, £12 5s. ; registration fees on transfers, £249 2s. 6d. ; stamp duty on do., £379 2s. ; lands selected after auc- tion, £2999 6s. 3d. ; deeds from all sources, £50 ; total for year 1881, £42,340 6s. 2d. 1st January to 30th June, 1882 : Deposits on conditional purchases, £6158 11s. ; in- terest on do., £17,770 12s. 10d. ; instalments on do., £4039 18s. 11d. ; balance on do., £4132 0s. 9d. ; leases, £81 0s. 5d. ; land sold at auction, £1079 1s. 2d. ; timber licenses and sundries. £14 10s. ; registration fees on transfers, £129 2s. 6d. ; stamp duty on do., £165 19s. ; deeds, £60 ; total for half- year, £33,630 16s. 7d. FOOTBALL. — A match between past and present pupils of the Beechworth and the Albury Grammar School teams will be commenced at Baarmutha Park at three o'clock this afternoon. The local players are : Past pupils — F. Brett, R. Perry, F. Kipling, E. C. Barbour, J. Burke and W. Telford ; present scholars — A. Swan, W. Phillips, W. Fletcher, R. Fox, W. Finch, R. Finch, McDonald, Thomson and J. Taylor ; emergencies, McLeod, Harrison and Youl. The colors of Beech- worth are blue and white, crossed with red ; and of Albury, blue, crossed with white. Mr P. J. Dwyer has consented to act as central umpire. The team to represent Beechworth in the match with Oxley, at Tarrawingee, on Saturday, 29th inst., will be selected from the following players :— Brett, Perry, Patterson, Fos- ter, Swan, Phillips, P. J. Dwyer, Mit- chelsen, Ansell, Tozer, Ingram, Ward, Dreneir, P. Molloy, D. Molloy, T. Anderson, B. K. Taylor, Kipling, Telford, Barbour, Dobbyn, Kennedy, Todd, Jeffs, Allen, Duncan, A. Anderson, Dryburgh, Catron, White and J. Taylor. RUTHERGLEN QUADRILLE ASSEMBLY. — The second quarterly dance in connection with this assembly was held in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening last. About seventeen couples " tripped the light fan- tastic " ; Mrs. McKay presiding at the piano. The surplus of funds derived from this quarter's assembly is to be devoted to the funds of the Rutherglen Volunteer Fire- Brigade, which all residents of the town wish every success. MYRTLEFORD MEMS. — Our correspond- dent on Friday writes : — On Thurs- day evening Mrs. Thomas Mathieson, of Myrtleford, gave a tea to all the scholars attending the Sunday-school and to their numerous friends. The hospitality of the lady was greatly appreciated by all present. It is needless to state there was a profusion of good things provided for young and old. The tables were ex- quisitely arranged, and many fair matrons and maidens attended to the wants of all comers. The children sang sweet hymns, and acquitted themselves most creditably, reflecting credit upon themselves and their instructress, Mrs. J. H. Aiton, who has interested herself in cultivating the musical gifts of those brought under her tuition. Mr. Frazer, from Bright, exhi- bited some capital scene's by the aid of an excellent magic-lantern, lent most kindly by Mr. John Mathieson, of Stanley. The exhibition caused much pleasure to both old and young. Well-merited votes of thanks were, at the desire of the Rev. Mr. Fenton, of Bright, carried by acclainmation to the hospitable lady who had provided the feast, and to Messrs. Frazer and Mathieson — the former for exhibiting the series of views, and the latter for the loan of the capital magic lantern. After a most enjoyable evening, the youngsters and their mends retired from the athen- æum, in which the tea and entertainment had been held. All felt greatly indebted to Mrs. Mathieson for her kindness and hospitality, and to the ladies and gentle- men who had so ably assisted her in carrying out to success the evening's amusement. After a brief interval, an impromptu dance was held, at which the youth and beauty of the town and vicinity enjoyed tnemselves until an early hour on Friday morning, Mr. James Cadzow and other volunteer musicians playing excel- lent dance music for the lovers of Terpsi- chorian exercise. Our band is progress- ing favorably. There is to be a meeting of those interested in the matter on Thursday, the 27th inst. By that time it is expected the whole of the instruments will have been supplied. I wish success to the band. The weather is cold, with severe frosts at night. The rivers and creeks have fallen rapidly ; but the back roads are still, in places, full of water, and are heavy to travel over. SECOND BEECHWORTH BUILDING SOCIETY. — The usual monthly meeting of this society was held on Thursday evening ; the President (Mr. R. Finch) occupying the chair. The receipts for the month were announced to amount to £216 8s. 6d. Several shares were balloted for. BRIGHT POLICE COURT. — At this court on Thursday, before Dr. Wickens and Mr J. Dunphy, J.P.'s, six boys were fined half-a-crown each for throwing stones at a Chinaman's house near the town. PARLIAMENTARY. —The Assembly was occupied on Thursday evening with the Railway Bill. A fair number of lines were approved of, but nearly the whole of the evening was devoted to the discussion of the line from Brighton to Cheltenham. LAND SELECTIONS.— The following are the conditional purchases made at the land offices named on the 20th inst. : — Albury : T. Cross, 150a, Tooma ; Mary Annie Mitchell, 300a, Bringembrong ; T. Mitchell, 40a, Bringembrong ; David Loader, 80a, Mate, Corowa : Alex. Dalgliesh, 78a, Warragubegra ; Bank of New South Wales, 270a, Grunville. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. — The match between the Australian Eleven and repre- sentatives of the county of Yorkshire, concluded at Bradford on Thursday, re- sulted in a victory for the former by 47 runs. WANGARATTA v. BENALLA. — The return match between the Wangaratta and Be- nalla Football Clubs will be played on the ground of the latter this afternoon. The following will represent the Benalla Club : — Ballard (G.), Beiske, Chadwick (2), Chandler, De Groot, Denny, Dodd, Hanlon, Jamieson, Kitson, Maxwell, Moore (2), Muirhead, O'Leary, Redding, Rodger, Sadleir, Southern (Charles), Thompson, Webster (2) and Whelan. TENDERS ACCEPTED. — The following tenders for roadworks in the Albury dis- tricts have been accepted : — H. Mackay, contract 1L, road Walbundrie to Cul- cairn : F. Romero, contract 1L, Bow's Lane, near Corowa. BEECHWORTH POLICE COURT — At this court on Thursday, before Messrs. Turner and Gammon, J.P's, John Clements sued Henry Hebble to recover the sum of £2 15s. 11d., due for goods sold and delivered. An order was made for the amount, with 2s. 6d. costs. A NARROW ESCAPE.— One of the springs of the engine attached to the twenty minutes to eight Brighton train broke on Wednesday evening last as the train ap- proached the Windsor station. Steam was immediately shut off, and the train was brought up alongside the platform. Before it was stopped, however, another train confronted it, and forced it back for a considerable distance. A third train was close behind, but the driver managed to pull up just in time to avert a serious catastrophe. Fortunately no persons were seriously injured, but the " Age " considers it probable that in a day or two a few cases of what is known as railway shock will de- velop themselves. The Minister of Rail- ways has directed an official inquiry to be held in the matter. TRUCKING YARDS. — The commodious yards erected about a mile from the Beechworth railway-station, on the top of the Big Hill, have been completed, and are now ready for the convenient trucking of cattle, sheep and pigs. THE WANGARATTA FIRE BRIGADE CON- CERT. — We must withheld our remarks and they shall not be voluminous, on the concert held at Wangaratta on Thursday night, for the benefit of the original Volunteer Fire Brigade. It was a great success in every way ; the hall being crowded to excess and several tickets are still to come in. In an artistic point of view, it was also admirable, and the audience were pleased throughout. We believe there will be at least twenty pounds clear for the benefit of the brigade. A LIVELY SCENE.— There was a rather warm passage-at-arms between the Com- missioner of Railways and Sir John O'Shanassy during the discussion on the Brighton and Cheltenham railway, on Thursday evening, we learnt from the " Telegraph. " Mr. Bent, irritated by the constant interruption of the hon. member for Belfast, advised the honorable gentle- man to change his seat to the Opposition benches. Sir John O'Shanassy interjected that he would do his best to oust Mr. Bent from his position as a Minister on the first opportunity. Mr. Bent retorted by stating he did not require the assistance or support of the hon. member for Bel- fast, and that his connection with " the great squatter," " the monopolist, " and the " moneyed aristocrat," would be fatal to his success on the occasion of an election. " Flesh and blood " could not, Sir John. O'Shanassy said, stand this ingratitude on the part of the member for Brighton, and accordingly the hon. member for Belfast made a violent attack on Mr. Bent, characterising him as " ungrateful, " and de- scribing him as " the most treacherous political man he had ever known. " The painful scene was at length put an end to by the interposition of the Chairman, who expressed his regret that leading members of the House should behave as the mem- bers for Brighton and Belfast had done. CROWN LANDS SALE.— A sale of Crown lands in fee simple was conducted at the Court-house, Benalla, on Tuesday, by the local land-officer, Mr. E. T. Dunn. Con- trary to expectation, the attendance was not large, and, with few exceptions, the bidding was not spirited, reports the " Standard. " The following is the result of the sale :— Town lots 1, 2, and 3, of 2 roods each, parish of Glenrowan, were purchased by Mr. N. N. Robinson, at up set price, £4 per lot. Pelluebla.— Town lots. Upset price, £3 per lot. Lot 7, area 3r 20p, Roman Catholic Church com- mittee, upset price. Lot 10, area 3r, Rev. J. J. Halley, upset price. Several other lots were also offered, but not disposed of Lot 14, area 1a, in the township of Tun- gamah, was secured by Cuthbert Cork, at £22, being an advance of £10 on the upset price. Township of Violet Town — Upset price, £11 per lot ; area 2r 8p, John Kelly, £15 ; lot 16, area 2r 8p, John Kelly, upset price. Several lots in the township of Benalla were withdrawn, the bidding not being satisfactory. The up- set price was fixed at £13 2s. 6d per lot. Lot 23, of 3r 32p at Miepoll, was pur- chased by Mr. Thomas Kelly at the upset price, £12. A country lot of 323a 3r 21p, in the parish of Balmattum, was bought in by Mr. Bell, at £1 6s. per acre, being an advance of 6s. per acre on the upset price. SALE AT WODONGA. — Mr. J. G. Doug- harty, in conjunction with Mr. W. Orr, will conduct an important sale of store cattle at the Wodonga railway station on Monday. PRESBYTERIAN. — A largely attended service, preparatory to communion, which will be held to-morrow (Sunday) morning, was conducted in the Presbyterian Church, Beechworth, on Friday evening last by the Rev. W. L. Fenton, who delivered an earnest and practical dis- course, which was listened to by the congregation with marked interest. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. — There were trucked at Wahgunyah during the week 6 tons wine, 6 tons hides and fat, and at Rutherglen 3 bags wool, 36 qr. casks wine, and 20 hhds. PROFESSOR SIMON.— On Friday evening Professor Simon, phrenologist and phy- siognomist, appeared in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, to a numerous audience, and gave one of his clever and highly interesting entertainments. The profess- sor on Thursday evening delighted the residents of Tarrawingee, at Nolan's Plough Inn, by giving a performance, for which no charge for admission was made. THE BOOTH AT THE COROWA SHOW. — The booth at the coming show was knocked down to Mr. Camplin, of the Terminus Hotel, for £20. ACCIDENT. — On Friday afternoon, as a man in the employ of the Rev. Dean Tierney was carting firewood into Beech- worth, when on the Sydney-road, opposite the State-school, the horse backed the loaded cart against the railing on the side of the road with such force as to knock three panels of it down, and horse, cart and wood rolled down the steep embank- ment on to Mr. Masterman's garden fence, which it also smashed, and likewise broke off a telegraph-post level to the ground. Timely assistance being at hand, the horse was, after considerable difficulty, liberated from between the shafts, but not otherwise injured. The cart was considerably damaged, but the driver was not hurt. WAHGUNYAH FREE LIBRARY.— The concert in aid of the funds of this institution will take place in Foord's Store on Wednesday, 26th inst. An excellent programme is announced. ======================== 