TUB ipeech delivered by Mr ?£ B ?-Tj 15 tke Mechinics' Institnle, fieelong, On Friday sight, vaa one of thoBe carefully thought oat and considerate orations for which that hon. member has become proverbial. If all his opponents had been his best friends he could not have treated them more kindly; and if the Government of the day had been the very pink of perfection, he conl.d not hare dealt with it much more tenderly. Yet the temptation to deal with both in ft thoroughly scathing spirit is snch that nothing bat a determination not to depart from the courteous and gentlemanlike style of speeches which have always characterised him both in Parliament and on the platform, could fcav$ kept Mr BERRY within the nonhoetile lines which he adopted. Hie had, as material to deal with, a pack of grass libellers, and a Ministry whose incompetency excites the riclicule of every intelligent pat'*0ti in the country; and these two—the libellers and the Ministry—are palling together in s way that excites alike the astonishment ana the amusement of all behold^r^ The libellers dictate, and the Ministry obeys—the nature of the dictation, being to do as Utile us possible, thai following oat those stag- nating principles which have always been regarded as sacrecl"wherever Toryism and old-fogeyism have been ia the ascendant. Yet Mr BEBRT " let down" tbe libellers and the Ministry quietly that the chief organ of the former, and the only real friend of the latter, is puzzled to know how to deal with his deliverance. It can only renew its old danders to weave out (he orthodox column which it feels necessary to throw together whenever Mr BBBBY addresses his constituents, or any other section of the people. In short, die cool, dispassionate, And generous style which Mr BERRY followed, completely gravels the sort of political enemies which he has to confront, bat at • -the same time it harmonises with the instincts of the liberal party which he leads, and this is all that Mr BEBBY, when either in Parliament or on the platform, seed trouble hinwlf to study. Nevertheless, Mr BERRY'S speech last Friday night is anything but a barren one, although it is so full'of politeness to his opponents. On the contrary, there is much in it to provide plenty of food for reflection. For example, he scatters the charge, which the Conservative papers iove so much to repeat—that the colony was going to the dogs from 1877 to 18S1—so completely, that if a Conservative paper should ever renew this slander, its readers will now know that it is wilfully, not ignorantly, lying. From HAYTKB'S " Tear BookT—the contents of which will admit of no disturbance— Mr BEBBY showed tha^ daring the time he was in office, the area of land in this colony under cultivation inid from 1,231,106 acres, to 1,997,943 acres. He also showed that the shipping inwards' nose from 810,052 ttrns to 1,078,885 tons, and the shipping outwards from 847,026 tons to 1,101.01^ tons. The imports fell off slightly/ owing to the development of our own manufacfaires , by protection. Bat the exports increasediatfce time by £1,800,000. In 1876, exported breadstufis to the amount of 96,000 bushels; in i860 the- quantify hsd advanced to 3,734,078 bushels —the monsy value to tha ; . community, thus increasing per annum from £40.000 to £886,985.- The yidd of gold also expanded by 30,000 owing, \ mil donbt, to the introduction of the diamond drill by Major SmTH, with t!he fall sanction and cocdial approval of his tdtagsm Xbese figures show bow the readet» of Che Consorvstara journals have been paialed ^ their oracles, - seeing -that thef prove that the colony was _ making grand ywjjww daring the time the BESSY OpvecuMBt was. -in office^ lit oi «B contrary aner&ms.; tjmdi alio «|iai the working t^ keep % «harplook-oat on the jpanooeedii$s " of the Tariff and Edacar best to injicre ihe protective policy which i^dmng «ueh incalculable good, and the latter spinning out its e&quiiy; so aa to keep back ite report until after the next Parliament has been elected, the idea being that the Conservativecum-Catholic party will gain exceedingly by these tactics. The speech also showE that the BERRY Government . did excellent work in pushing on the defences, in inaugurating retrench- ment, not only. by doing away with . all nseless '-officials, bat aim by catting down their own salaries, which the present Ministry has taken every care not to imitate; ia carrying oat die Melbourne Erhibidon, which has done so much good to the colony,' in disposing of the unemployed ques-' , tion by providing those in need of employment with work, in relieving the struggling selectors by reducing the annual payment from 2s to Is an acre, and giving them time to pay op their o arrears, in settling the Reform question, and in a number of other directions which are too numerous to particularise in the short space at oar disposal. Modi of this is, no doubt, going over old ground. But," as Mr BERRY very properly remarked, he was foroed into this position by his enemies persistently forging tales upon the past, detrimental to himself and his colleagues, although there was not a scintilla d of justification for these libels. Then Mr BSBBY pointed oat the weakness of the Water Conservancy Act, showing that its provisions, if carried oat, - will rob one set of settlers to benedt another; and that nothing bat a thorough Government scheme will meet the water difficulty which now confronts the country. He. also showed how the present elastic state of the revenue is- doe to the policy which .the BURET Government pursued to meet the financial difficulty that arose through a stagnation of trade throughout the world, and, with ourselves, a snoccasion of bad harvests. He also warned the Government that its present reckless expenditure was a mistake, as bad times, in the natural course of events, are bound to return, and in good times Governments should be thoughtful and prudent. Then M> BEKRV also dealt with the future. He* advised'the people to take full advj of tbe . reform of the constitution that is now the -law, to make np their minds to have plural voting ,abolislied when the opportunity •>arves, and to remove all " dead uns" *he rolls, upon which-the Conser- vatives ma depend for keeping their own minions in He 8150 eX ~ prewd his approval oi the leasing system, but ihcmubttfae effect Would be a failure, unless the repuT^1" 0 State of all the land sold was inciu^r? in such a system. Beyond these items he was wise in not being too oatspoken, for political parties in the Hoase are just now in such a fluid state that to be too oracular, or too free in speaking about the fature at the present, would be alike misleading and imprudent. This review of Mr BERRV'S speech shows that it was hot waa destitute of matter, although it genial alike to his libellers and the Ministry. As a matter of fact, the speech was a very thoughtful one, as well as calm—aninstractiveexpoution, although everything like abuse or bitterness was carefully and persiste'^^ excluded. A description of F ray's deliverance, therefore, lies ir^ & email compass. It was worthy of the veiy able statesman from wb jselipe it catneand the Liberal paHy may wen ^ proud of having a lesde^- wb 0 shatter the frauds of g^ianta w thsrttighly, who iai^s when to strike, and when to s^&k; cautiously, and who avoids fell needless aspersions in his orations. As politics stand just now, Friday's speech was all that could be desired. It was made wider very peculiar and difficult circumstances; and Mr BEBBY met the case wisely and completely. " THE improved aspect of the mining industry in various portions of the district had a very cheering influence on the share market last week, and roused business into something like vitality. The discovery 6f what is terdled the mondic lode in the Serjeant's Freehold and New Crescent companies' ground on the Township line of reef must, however, be considered the most important feature in our mining development, as proving the continuous run of the lode bang now so successfully worked by the Baud of Hope group of quartz companies, and is gratifying to us, because it bean out onr well-grounded conviction,- so often repeated in times past, that the Township lode would take rank amongst the most remunerative and permanent lodes of the colony. The more recent discovery is evidence, too, of the well-defined and continuous character of the lode, for we find that the mondic vein was struck at 180 feet east of both the .Seijeant's and New: Crescent shafts, on almost s true magnetic line, and farther exploration will show, without doubt, the connection of the lode of accompanying goldbearing stone with that in the Band and Albion Consols' territory, which lias for snch a long period been turning oat each handsome yields. Another feature in oar miping progress daring the week has been the satisfactory returns from: the Parker's Extended and Shamrock claims at Goraon, together with the excellent appearance of the lode in opening up the 700 feet level of the; fyikerY United. Company, knd «J1 these circnmstanoes -will tend to 'give; increased confidence in developing 3he many -quartz .reefs which exist' in this division. Tba yield of 1200 j«; tor the week from die £gettcm«aine^ although : exceptional, is also ^ite^i worth mentiooing as a proof of thelw wealth which co&tinB;£B to be from this grand old mine. The foregoing incidents, conned with the steady " " "ta fctmj the qold-pro^udng mine^ a.; reviyifying «fiect upon bnsi- ; fitare } ^ market^ .' and transactions m mahy stocks 'were than usnally nnmezous at. advanced prices. Band and Albion Consols had a dull market.until the close of "the week, and were offered as low" as £€, but the yield of 409 oz caused holders to he firmer «t £6 Young Band and. Albion rfseirom YB to 7s,6d. but easad again to6s^d;and Young Band Extended had steady buyers at 30s, no /fedlen Offitring utSter 4 35s. North Band and Alison and Band and Barton' coDtinned st^ady at •hoot opening prioea, ti»former having Ei ail 4s and IheliUtar^tlSi to 16s. Kew Crescent had * very latge imaiseta, tomnieddng at 3s Ian Taesday, *nd adtwicing to Gs Sd, whidi prices fluctuated <Ulwn tp s dosing wiSi saWat freehold hlso h»£ 1 — sto&e; bong struck, rising from 12s to 238 6d, bat a. slight reaction took place at the close oFthe market, and shares were quitted at 19s. Neither Smith's United nor Band of Hope Quartz had much attention, bat No* ~ 2 and No. 4 were stronger, the former having changed hands at 17s 3d, and the latter at 27s 3d to 28s, ex dividend. A fair enquiry Bet in for New Borra Buna shacee^conBeqaent on the eastern drive looking well for atone, and the- advance on the .week's transactions was from Is 6d to i 3d. Wilson's Freehold and Washgton were without recorded business, but East Koh-i-Noor changed hands at 1B 9d. City of Ballant were taken at 10s 6d, with buyers at die same figure. The stone lately cut in the Parade clium not having come np to expectations, shares depreciated from 5s to 2s, but Sulieman Pasha were wanted at 5s 9d and 6s, none offering under 7s. Baninyong Estate had a declining market from 2s to Is 6d, no other stocks in that locality being mentioned for business. Amongst Gordon and Egerton ventures, Parker's United increased in value from 12s 9d to 23s, with a few fluctuations, and Parker's Extended, consequent on the satisfactory trial crashing of 142 oz from 76 tons had extensive transactions at 2s 3d to 3s 6d to 3s Id, while Parker's United No. 1 showed an improvement from Is lOd to" 2s 3d. An anticipated large yield by the Egerton Company induced an increase in the value of shares from 83s to 92s, bat on 1200 oz for the week being announced at the Corner, with a dividend of 4B, sales were made down to 89s, when buyers came forward, and the market recovered to 91s at the dose. Shamrock changed hands at 1b 4d to Is IOd on the result of the first crashing." Aboat the usual amount of traffic took place in Kingston and Smeaton stocks, bat with the exception of Berry No. 1, Load Harry, and the Hepburn group of mines, a slight weakness was perceptible on opening prices, when the market closed. Australasian Consols sold at 16s 3d to 15s, Australasian Extended at 44s 9d to 41B Gd, Berry Consols at 92s 6d to 89s to 91fi t-JJavies* Junction at 42s Sd to 40s, Lougl*'s «t £13 12s 6d to £12 15s, and orth Australasian at 60s to 57s. On the other hand, Berry No. 1 went from 9s 3d to 12s fld, and then fell back to 10s, closing at lis 6d; while Hepburn Con- sols rose from 23s 6d to 26s 6d, Hepborn Jio. 1 from 14s»3d to 15e 6d, Lord Harry from" 29s to 30s, and Bistori from £5 ISs to £6 5s. Madame Serry became slightly easier as between £1*3 12s. South Australasian Cold at 3s .uu Hill at 1(>3and 16s 6d, bat c^g,- Etocks in the Ores wick mining division were not much dealt in. Bur^ea, in Duke, Timor, was lighter th ^ ug^ oniy a few transactions ha'^ been entered into at 69s to 68s; Dut some fair-sized parcels of Du'^ Consols changed owners at 2s 5 j down to la lid. New North Horn' _.b nBh had a steady business 1 8 ? 6 jt each day; while United! Working Mi ner8 suddenly dropped on: ff'.riay from £6 15s sales to £6 2s sellers, from some unexplained cause. Of die Danolly mines, North Birthday had sales daring the week at 9s, and Corran's at 5s 6d and 5s 7d. Best buyers of Queen's Birthday were not- offering more than £9 5s, holders asking £9 10& Carisbrook United eased from 2Sa io 27e 6d, and Union Bank Qaartz were qutted at 4s 9d to 4s 3d. Eaglehawk Alliance, Maldon, had a downward tendency early in the week, with sales at lis 6d to 9s 9d, bat buyers an Saturday at 12s 6d were misapplied. There was a serious decline in lock's Qaartz to 4s sellers, account of the reef having pinched out, bat appearances indi cate that it mil soon make again. The following dividends have been declared daring the week:—No. 4 Band of Hope Quartz, Is fid per share; Working Miners United, 3s per share; Hepbnm Home.Paddock, 1B per share; Finlayson's Freehold, lid per share; New Koh-i-Noor, Is per share; Egerton, 4B per share; Lone Hand, Ss 6d per share; Old Working Minera ls per share ; Young Band Extended, 2s per share. The comparative yields for the periods stated are' as beloy:— Band aad Alhlcn W T ( » IS o I 90 e • Egartaa' j uso e 9 Goldbrook .. I 60 io o BolnrtEteba .. ..! 40 2 0 Hepbnm Hotat Paddock.. 1 JOO 0 Lose Hand SSS IS 0 os dwt fr SSI 10 o moo a o «19 tea s o 960 0 70 IT 36 7 10S * 0 as io o 440 17 0 New Victoria New Australasian -. Plevna Vast Office .. Bora! Saxon 58 S 158 II S10 I 0 e 8 0 SO 10 <17 18 0 »«S«th Faitart Doited .. " ' aA Fhsebold lut IsfadSht 47 A f <8 IS JS 15 12 4SIS 0 Be e e ITS io o Fortsfglil .47 O 0 IIS Alt 16 S 12 ISS IS « MIS « .••Freehold-. .. lie s ' o -an o o- ;ET0 O -0 19B o « gsAsrt iCHsaagpatoatf StlwdiaMM:-., wis o tsj io a WOO IK « t S& eMlr dl-known bocae^ealer. __ Ljf^f^jfe^^^iSg^ 8 iln^fiM altarwarda harhnsbahdwaa aw*4te hy her ecreams for hdp, and foond ber "oped in- flames. kb- .Olaaaon seised 'a sket; and0qsoeededln potti^goiit the bat her injuries were sosevere that Ae last evenng, notwithstanding the aervtoi tt the hatnwlW skill The deceased was «bqit.iB4. yeais of age, and mnch svmnathy is aapuassd for the bemwed £umly. Kit s«raioaed tSat by some jmeaathe^m^d-diw^the-niifortiicate womah cao^ u ooatact vith'JtheTSame I» iairtfited tiiatdaringhis lesveofabiodwH«*ett s^Vp«»w>«>ed. the aUowanee t>aaig'£790 personam. -This is htnr jhe inaM ^ ^people is fotterea Mn»;-ill«»sari0Da part CUftiw^ptestsndit. ' \- An - a shocking scodent w»a «xperienoed tiy m: ^i^^^ifniisstinn _as»Mi pepngja^ftiMS^ IwitttB y^pmmhAi ^ l^k^ distance engaged .in conversation with his friend until an officiiLviig cught sight of him, proceeded to {Rdl idnLstay, W a doing 00 tbe young man fall down between tbe moving carriage and the platform. He fortunately, however, managed to fix tumaelf in such a position that no leas than three carriage* parsed him without doing him any harm. He waa then txtocated from hit perilous position by several byKtandprw and Uken off to tbe Hospital, where Or Owen, on examining him, discovered that he had only received a few brniaes, and that he was nottfcfit patient for that iustitataon. He was OwSLlafcen off to his own residence, in Heasanl Btzeet, where medical aid was obtained. The patient suffered from the shock greatly, aa may be seen from the bet of his being in a state of delirium for the remainder of the night. It ib really wonderfol' how the young man escaped bring crushed to death, and more so how he escaped so luckily, considering the perilous position in n-hioh he was for i time KJ turn ted. Tbe accident, as might he expected, .caused no little excitement at the station. The young miner SomervHle, whose unhappy condition lyine in the Hospita^iorthe past eight mouths and .more with his back broken, has been freqnently paragraphed in our columns, died at the Hospital yesterday morning, at about fire o'dock. Possessed of a good physiqne and rare spirit, the unfortunate fellow survived his fearfnl injuries much, longer than it was anticipated he wonld, and up to the beginning of ]»t week gave no immediate signs of his approaching dissolution, About the middle of the week be became very much woree, and rapidly sank, dying, as stated, yesterday. SomervHle was injured in tbe North Hurdsfield mine on the 6 th July lxBt, when working in a prospecting drive, through a quantity ot earth falling in on him It ia related of him that when he felt his back was broken he asked his mate to knock him On the head with a pick, as he did not want to linger on indefinitdy. He was a native of Edinburgh, about thirty-four year* old, and had no relatives in the colony. An inquest will be held upon the remains today. The bush-fire which was raging in the ranges west of Newtown, Scarsdale, nearly all last week, did a considerable amount of damage to the fences of Messn D. Porter, Mmphy, aad Nimmon^ and extended across the ranges almost to Bappy Valley. However; the few drops of rain that fell on Satnr day quickly put the fire out, and cleared the air of the dense and pungent smoke from the flames which spread over Friday evening, like a log. One of the employes A* the Pbcenix FOOD dry met with a painful accident at that establishment on Saturday. His left land caught in some revolving cog-wheels, and before he oonld extricate it, the little and third fingers of. the hand were very badly crushed. He was taken to the Hoapitsl, and the resident suigeon found it necessary to cut .off tbe mutilated remains of the little Soger, and the top of'the third digit. The reqni&ite; surgical attention having been given the sufferer went to his home, We to have to announce the death j of Mrs State school acqueen, teacher wife at of Lai Mr Lai, L. which Maequeen, took j place last Thursday morning, after a long sod painful nines." The debased had beeH} railing ft 1*1 fel for some seventeen orl wimle o { thatl ^ ^ «me ocOT^ied the posibon of sewing-mistress at th» school, and waa highly re^ct^J and the residents.«f esteemed, not Lai only > - by rJ ,.3 the -as.- chfldi-^ i? 4 decease ' - "Lstnct The _ «ras Interred Til the "Oarendon «mrtery on Saturday, the funeral being numerously attended. The following licensing magistrates for this district are gazetted:—Ballarat—Messrs L J. Jones and H. B. Ckaelli. Ballarat East—Messrs A. Anderson and W. Scott Ballan—Messrs D. Macpheraon and P. Hornson. Beaufort—Messrs F. Beggs and J. Prentice. Blackwood—Messrs It. G. Stobie and S. Cameron. Buninyong—Jfeasts K. Uren and 0. Mackay. Cannes—Messrs L, M*Lenoan sod W. Appleby. Cteswick— Messrs D. Lottet and Sales. Gordon— Messrs D. Macphenon and K. O. Witherden. laearmonth—Messrs A. Findlay and J. M'In tosh. Ldgh Boad, Messrs J. M. Hall aad T. Dawn, lextoo—Messn J. Bobertson and W, Fairiie. Linton— Messrs & Lewere and J. Clarke. Majorca— Messrs D. Stavdy aad T. Cor. Meredith— Messrs W. T. N. Champ and W. W. Milne. Piggoreet—Messrs W. T. Bowe and G. Perry. Sebastopol—Messrs T. Dickinson . Leckie. Skipton—Messrs J. D. AJams and A. M. Gardiner. Smythesdale—Messrs O. J. Jones and T. F. Jordan. A lad named Robert Wilson, whose treats reside at the Bound Waterholea, fell om a fence oo Saturday, and hroke one of his arms. He was taken to the Hospital for treatment, and afterwards taken home. A boy named -John Bayly, who resides in Bipon street, got his collar-bone broken in a singular way on Saturday afternoon. He was playing cricket with some others, and ran to catch the ball just as another player cent on the same bomnesa. The two collided with sach force that Bayly got- injured as stated. He went to the Hospital, where his hurts were attended to, and then to his The mother of the three children named M'Donald, who were abandoned under peculiar ctrcamstancesa short time ago, called on Sergeant .Mfarland on Saturday morning, and, sfter relating her tale, said she regretted what she had done. It seems that her case is a very hard one, and, according to her statement, her husband has shamefully treated her. She waa formally arrested, and then bailed out. A man named John Ryan was admitted into the Hospital on Saturday night, Buffering from a fracture his left thigh- He sustained the injury that evening at Bongaree. through the boggy in which he was driving coming into suchviolent collision with some obstacle^ that he was thrown out on to the road. A Mr Bmbim who was with him at the time was fortunate enough to escape uninjured. A fanner named Patrick Lyons, from Yankee Flat, who had been incarcerated for lunacy in the City lock-up, was discharged on Saturday morning, as two members of the medical profession who attended stated that in their opinion the patient waa only suffering from a species of melancholia, which was not sufficient to warrant his committal to an' asylum. We understand that a cheque for the foil amount of the purchase money of tbe Victoria street poet office site%ae been received by tbe Government, and that the notices to quit which were served a.few days since were cancelled on the receipt of the amount. A third supposed participant in the disturbance at the Perseverance hotel on Mooday night last, named Timothy Brown, aged twenty-one, wis arrested oh Saturday night on warrant by Constable Cartain. Known, with Coffee aad Franks, will appear before the Tlown Polioe Cosit to-day. A lad named Orlando Trengrove was arrested on Saturday on a charge of stealing two cbrmacks, and Jodged in the City lock- up. Theaacka were stolen from some farmer' at the haymaiiet, and Trttngrove is enacted of being connected with, the theft. 9beIieved,-boweTOt;that*hebqy iain the -pdiBtioB of . ths cat ~ nsed by the mcukey IB the ibMe'to pull chestnuts ont.of the fire and-get the bnrninfe, and that two other hoysare reafly the od^nta in the case. MrB-'Worey, on the ajpplicatian of Mr G. CL Morton, gave a donation towards paying i^flhsd^btof £40owing on tbecsew sheds of -the Agricoltuial ana Pastoral Society. Mr Mora's donatioa was £12 10s. sod this leaves a balanoe of only £27 10s still dne cmthehniHing. • The nimieroas friends of Mm WHliam Phillips, of Koaa* Creek, will regrH to learn of her decease at Creswick, where shr had proceeded to obtain medical advioe. The deceased was mother-in-law of Mr D. H. Davie*, M.P., and was, with her hnsband, hi^ily esteemed throaghontthedist»c£ Tbe remains ot the dnnrsafd lady wQl beinterred to-day, in the Batlatst Cemetery the fnneral pwceaBoa ting boafieWntai railway station on atfcval of the 2.40 tram feomCreewick. iome excitement waa caused-in Bodge, street on Saturday nighty by the arrest d a pickpocketnamsdJsmse mil, aged^fifty. H3t was obaarrad to pat ju hands- in several persons' pockets, and waa forthwith marched oSTiothe Jock-op byConstabte Snnth Tbe City mayor in his report to tbe •eetigg this BUBODS latae, says:— u &'haebeenthe iMiiQBi ef the eeneatoleaSBall araScatuBa forthe mmsaxra of ratwatihe dcsctetioa of tile mayor I suhcrnt leapectfully ttst it«a too eenoos a reiponsihaity-for oos iadiridsal toexarase, -heeaase it hwhndlfat a fioeofapacfuxiof the mmaapalTeren: that a DEAL ear nurt helnrMd on the kcvco •enUSonacrf povet^. Iamo( <»unioadiat KU& astiMmt imosld he deatwithby the finance committee. I therefore."xymmend for the future that snch applicator be filed with the comments of the rate eg- : lector on each case, and that poor to the periodical proceedings for recovery of unpaid £tea, tbe file be cleared and the casea tod before the financecommittee, who ma£ direct as to remission or enforcing payment. The woman EHen Flood, who was arrested on Friday night for wilfully ^smashing a window m Main street, was on Satorday reminded by Mr Anderson, J.P-, till to-day. A few months since we mentioned that the secretary of a local branch of » certain friendly society had been suspected of apoatuig part of the funds of the lodge, secretary was then suspended. All investigation has ainoe been made, and at a meeting of the lodge, to be held in a day or two, it will he decided whether or not criminal proceedings will be taken against the defaulter in the police court. In Messrs Steinfeld and Co.'e window are . j be seen some magnificent specimens of chairs and tables, Jtc., provided tor the City Bowing Club's bazaar, which opens at tha Mechanics' Institute off Wednesday evening. From all directions, gifts and work of the most han dsome and valuable description we pouring 'in, and the committee has wisely resolved to mark everything at the cheapest rate to ensure (jjiick sale. The hall will be splendidly decorated, and when it is considered that for tiie small sum of sixpence patrons will be able to enjoy a fust-class promenade concert, including a fine band and the best vocalists, the club dionld ensure the most liberal patronage. Aa it ia our intention, when the stalls are erected and filled, to give a full description of everything, we shall in this place merely congratulate the club on the success which np to the present has attended tbe efforts in connection with the bazaar. Last Friday's Gazette contains a notice th Mr John Lynch, jnn., eldest son of Mr Lynch, the well-known mining surveyor, has passed the severe examination necessary to obtain from the municipal snrveyor'a board the certificate of competency under' the Local Government Act. Mr Lynch, jnn., is native of Ballarat, and the boya of the golden city have good reason to be prond of hie success in an examination which has proved a -pons asutonrmtoso many. The weekly meeting of tbe Baninyong Literary Association was held in the Temperance Hall, Baninyong, on Friday; the president, Mr Wi^gm*, m the chair. Correspondence was received" from Mr C. E. Jones, fixing Thursday evening, 30th March., as the date he would deliver a lecture nnder the auspices of the association, on "American HumoasU." Several letters were then Mid, one on water toldng the most attention of the members present, there beiogaibsraty of that element this summer. The writer of the letter, andalso members' were very warm •gainst " 7e aaaente citie" authorises (the council) in not" oroviding a water supply for the town, and leading the whole place to get 3 supply of water froTi the ancient style d water-barrels, which is "rather an expend™ way. Next . Friday _ , the _ _ quarry , social en- tertainmentjmd tea will take pla«5® The medals won at tbe Ute butchers' 1' picnic have jnst been cojnpletei by T. P. Gerard, sod are now 00 view at ^ establishment Start street The medal* >re very nE,tJy drfgnrf, bifn* elaborately eba^ W taring on one side the ey^T r ;; "*Et*thewwfitimmflonl ! snd m r" on the other the name Oi encircled with the wreath of victory A meeting of Ballarat striken and foandry ! laboren was held on Saturday night, at the Edinburgh Ostle hoteL The meeting. while congratulating the principal engineering company, and .other Ballarat firms, on the present prosperity of the trade, exmfficiaiVskSled^abor to" supply tte requirements of the sevetal departments, and believing that thia and other grievances would be remedied by the formation of a strikers* and foundry lahorera' onion, based upon proper principles, the meeting proceeded at onoe to frame and' pass resolutions to form one. It is not intended to confine the union to Ballarat alone, bnt to include Melbourne, Sandhurst, and all engineering centres in! Victoria. The secretaiy will be in possession: of a complete roll of the names and addresses of members, so thata simple application to him will be all that is necessary to 1 —the best men, whenever and whoever >ed, with despatch. Officers and committee were installed to draw ap a code ot rales. Which willbe submitted to the * meeting, to be held at the Alfred striker and foundry be present to be enrolled. A concert and hall in sod of the fends of the Kangaroo mechanics' institute, took place in tbe local schoolhonae on Friday evening last, when an excellent programme of good songs, both eld and new^ns given r the Misses Nankerville and Dobie, and easts G. Prentice, E. Farrell, and H.- M 'Kenae. lu consequence of the unavoid- able xheence of Mr A- Young, M.L.A., Mr J. L. Bagley rf Scar&dale; very kindly acted ss chairman, snd also contributed one or two phoice items to the programme. Hearty votss of thanks were passed to the chairman and theeingen^ after which the room waa. cleared for dancing, which waa kept np for several bonis, to the strains of Mr H. M'KeniJe's violin. Tbe St Patrick's Day Festival committee, with bmanese-like rapidity, paid away £160 in thirty-nine cheques the following day after the sports, to clear off - the demands upoo that gathering. At tbe usual meeting of the Barkly Street Young Men's Christian Band on Saturday evening a presentation was made to Mr David Ham, the president, who ia about taking a trip to the old country. At half-pastsix between thirty and forty mem bos partook of tea, after which the meeting was held, presided ovor by Mr J. J. Proctor. Addressee suitable t» the occasion, all tinhe of the esteem in which the presiit was held, and the loss that , the band would sustain daring his absence, by misnng his kindly words of advice, which hone could fail to appreciate and profit by, were delivered by the chairman and Messrs Johnston, Humphreys, PsineU, J. Polkinghorn, Bobertson, Wade, and A. Jolly. The chairman then called opon Mr Johns, who in* very appropriate speech, presented Mr Ham with a handsomely-bouna album, suitably inscribed, and containing the portraits of tbe members of the band. The recipient thanked the meeting for this token of their eutee^n, their many kind remarks^ and. sincere wishes that he might have aproeperous and safe journey, bat thought tint he bad not deserved the very many eulogistic remarks that %ad been nude during the evening. He trusted, however, soon to return and find the band even more snoceee-' fol than it had been in the past. Mr Ham then engaged in prayer, and the pronouncing of the benediction brought «veiy interesting minting to it dose, "file photographs, which were excellently executed, were from the mtsHialwnwit of Mr Bardwdl, Sttrt street, and reflect aadt credit upon the artist. . . j ... Of tbe 8I2 persons relieved at the Ballarat Benevolent ' Asylum week 385 'ante Mr W. Walker is gazetted manager of the Dnrfaam, .-SeMAmans, Napoteons, Whim Hele^'^ai ^Mk Lead gok tice MrP. 03MU, resigned. The appomaneut nf Mr W. E. Wollaston as receiver and paymasterat BlackwOod ia cancelled l>y OtoMt notice, as the receipt and pay office at that ^otbw been dosed. - During the past week 1B6 in-door and £74 out-door patiwts wen treirted at the Ballarat Hospital. Tbe laad revrone retonia for the week ending the 18th instant indicate {says the Argtu) that there was aani^nsof iQla i^on an thai date. . Tbis'overhhis tiuu that notedon the Uth instan^ which wss setdmriist £990. The selectors'rents were £11,860 in*d*anoe oftbe 3Veamrer*a esfcubtioa. : Of the £462,000 autiopated from tha soorce, £340.<l00 ha* already been ttcened. Tbe dirinon in vrtudi there has been the only important faHing-og is that of the asleshyaiictaim.hi'whidi fhemikade. ficien^ of £32,7<S. -The estimate imdei head wsa£l(S0,<i00 )of which£SQ,9S( has received to date. This decrease is accounted for by the fact that as Pachament msUucted that none of the jUUie 'reserves sbocddfae alienated, several TalnabU sllotinents.which it was intended to MatHMhewviliUH^L ^yqeeotrithrtjbwiij^ fae acowdex^ gttittandotherp>own landa will bectfeed The - ^Kxtw^ily Mocked with wood, and unlen. tzndsueproridedmxk: in the -wood line w31heat»«tandstill. -Npt only does this scsraty of rolling stock csoae a losa to the revenue, bnt hanl-woriang men are deprived of • legitimate means cf earning a livelihood. " The Little Biver -State school. 1961, the hod teacher of which, it will be remembered, was diauSffied from the serviceauhort time b«i for nide'MDiib to the female lOs, was reopened on -Monday last; Mr J. __ iy, of the relieving stefl; taking charge of the school pending the appointmtnl of a por- maner.t tcacher. The parents of the BchtHars attending the school (says the Age) are detBTfminj^" not ts pat up with a licensed tocher, as that district has already suffered too long for the want of an efficient schoolmaster. Hie captain of the H.M.S. Nelson has been amusing the people of Hobart with sfoghon) demonstration. Beferricg to this diattel; the Hobart Aleratrg siys:—"On the firing of the nine o'clock gun on Wednesday' night from the Ndson the lights wereestinguiahed, bat then immediately followed an exhibition of the power of a steam fog-horn, whiclj ^oapA wmtemiliMniii amnwment the spoctatOTL The noise emanating bom thia powerful hom resembled as nearly as wesible the agotiifted ehriekE of a man in <feirtun Ircmcx*, or the bowling of a dog at light,- in an extraordinarily exaggerated form- The first shriek waa rather low, and made the people on the Esplanade imagine that someone bad taken a fit and let out a yell, and -a general rnsh waa made to the -* whence it waa supposed the noise came. then followed * aeries of the must awful and bara wring shrieks and. howls, so peculiar in style, that hint after burst of laughter occurred on the Ksplanadw, dogs began to bark and howl, and a general nproar Planed, which, combined with the noise of the hom and the echpes it awakened on all the bills around,' at made matters pretty lively. The crowds dispersed in qnite » hilarions mood. Paonghoatthe city the soondacfrthe turriMg foghorn were heard, causing at first alarm and then amnw.rwnt. In the various places of entertainment the noise disturbed the audiences for a while. Almost daily (says the BamSa Standard) tile dreadful effects of the ae&sun; of contilfued drought we are now passing through reach us. We were on Friday informed that many cattle in the Murray district are becoming totally blind—whether permanently or not haa yet to -be ascertained—through beag constantly driven long .distances to watex along dusty roads. The. eyes get the lids swell and closer and when once aflected, the poor beasts in a very short time are unable to see. Tbcnumber of cattle already thaa affected is large, asdif the weather does not change shortly, the fiuT'isrs in th« locality named state it will be impoBs™h]e to drive their stock to tbe watering places. In£ dintannm faavellcd in some instances an so great, and the fatigue oa- the ill-conditioned beasts is so laying, that the greatest care haa to be taken in driving them to water; on Waring Which tl» prbJl]' famimn.,1^ liaiine unmanageable, a^ wigntlj injure each Other by the maddened rush they make to obtain the liquid. Already many cattle have been drowned, while othere have been knocked down embankments and killed in their eagerness to quench their thirst. A man named James ff» nTymtl . vfcg is sopi poeed to have beep drank at thetizue, picked thE CnAaa wharf, Sydney, on r A li ?' and said, " 1 will throw yoil into the i9ft Ins balance and fell in with tbe child. ihe man was drowned, bat ft? ^ ^ re^^ ay a i <«u »<io Emitted {uunged in after ft it The Telegraph has been given to understand that the late tour of the English Eleven throughout the Anatolian colonies and New Zealand proved a financial, as well aa a cricketing success, the groes amount, taken faun -all sources, being in close, irimity to £13,000. The sn Shaw, Shrcwsbnry, and Ldllywhite, psy the remaining nine professionals £200 each, and allowing £5000 for the expenses of I leave the very handsome ram, in round numbers, of £6000 to be divided between|the three abovecsmed. A well- known sea captain in Sale on Thurs day evening bearing of the "Bmasn designs," cashed frantically (says the GipptUmd Aferotry) for the jlge, and in his excitement gave the boy half a sovereign in mistake Cora sixpence. The lad, however, soon discovered the error and took the con back totbe captain, who was so pleased with the J that be gavehim half a crown, reward. The boy's name, it should be msn- - tinned, ia Chnbbu and he is in the employ of Mr Bowes, of Feder street. In view of the earfy retirement of Dr- Bromby, tbe present Bishop of Tasmania,. steps (says the Atgm) are being taken toascotsin the feelings of churchmen throughout the dioceie as to the Very Bev. H. B. Brwnby being appointed to succeed his: father. l>ondon contains 4,V&t;,312 inhabitants, or over five times the jx^ialatioa oi Victoria. A meeting, convened by the president of Bngareeahire, win he hddat the shire haH, 3gh Creek, to-momrw (Tbesd^rl sfterneon. at three o'clock, to firing under tiie notice of the Government the great necessity of erecting railway ahed accommodation at Wallace station, on the Gordon railway. Tbe adjourned meeting of the Biponshire council will be held at eleven sum. cat Thurs- day, the 30th instant, at which meeting' the —— holiness doe co the 6th day of April will be taken. wiD he seen by an advertisement in. another eoltmm Hat the inaugural mwithig in *m»meption with She BaUar* fitudict tbe Victorian Alliance WQl take place at tbe Wesleyan lecture hall, Dana street, an Friday evening' pext; the 31st instant. The chair will be occn|Bed by Mr Kichard Baker. Addrasea will be delivered by the Hon. James Monro, MX.A.; Messrs John Niinmo, M-L. A-, C. K. Jones, and J. IV. Meaden, secretary of tin Yictorisn Alliat, Melbourne. . ladies are tpeatlly inted to he present. We are informed that the members of St Paul's Hutnal Improvement Association will give one of their entwtainmmts before the mmaties aad friends of tbe Otphsn Asylum on Thursday evening next. It will be observed by advertisement in another colnmn that, in aneqaeux of the mcressed price «f floor, the bskem of Bsllarat and Sebastcjtol have risen Jd on the 4 lb loaf from to-day. The complimentary banquet to Messn Matey, GoadsB, ana Stoddart, under the auspices of tbe Ballarat Yacht Cinh, will take place tins evening, at eight o'clock, at Lester's hotel. Tickets maybe obtained of Mr W. Downie, hon. aecretaiy. A meeting of representatives of mining companies interested will be held at eight o'dock tlus evening, at Craig's hotel, to devise means for clearing the sludge from the Yarrowee Creek at Suimy Comer. A "meeting «( prodnoe merchants aid agents will be held at the George hotel this evening, at right o'dock, to arrange for the A rehearsal, for tenon coly. of the Ballarsi^Pbnhsnnoiac Society will be held at ten. Errard street aoath, tUs evening, at eight e'ckxSk. . - - . A meeting of the comauttea of the eight boor*' atfnvetmy araointed en lhe 'SOtii, will -be held :|n Mr Ofaham'k office, OUD^ street, iwt Wi ilnssd wauag, to consider "vety impnTtsTitTsiiiiw'aa ". The Boya! BlaA tVeomtoij, 115. will eaeet at tbe OddfoBow^HaB, Albert street, thjavTaung. ate^it o'dodc. . The find meeting of the St. Patrick's Day festival committee apastpooed till Wednesdsy evening. AUstcfthsBasterMoaday Bportatofakke place in the 'public cardans, Smythesdale, will be found m our adveitlSiig nolBnins to- _. Kntries -vntst be made with Mr B. Knights, jonr., hoa. smetaiy, at Smythes^ dale, not lata Bisnthw Srd ofnext month. 