EUSTACE HOPKINS:;? HIS FRIENDS AND FOES. j j (ICTHSK's 2IS3TS EEscsrEO.) {Coxii* ) Br W B WI 'I' H : ( ArrniE or "Tnr. HISTOI-T 07 BILLA£AT." I Tne Ewsnips thit a month or two be!ars were stiH well a-npplied n^tl; water, were now nearfy dr.'cd uptir the fierce fceat of thssutr.- aer and antnrrn, and Gilbert foasJ raw wi.'d J fowl Itasob'sg the nsw arid country be f stalkthron^o. Between fcim and a large j lake, that lay to the west, bemtned ic on one ] tide by a baealti. table-!aad, and bordered j 03 the ottitr !ry poor light eoiL that led oa i to ri-h vo!canic tracts, there spresd a v~i Je plain, spccked with sparse tamper of bastard • and ether gtim. slid antiqu* honey&tickle.;! Beyond the lake, and sweeping roanc to the | northward, were high eracit: ranges, soms : of w':it«» ragged reaches were bare, j others bearing fceavymasses cf tr»cs. Away j eeatwar^ ewef-t a line of ball the v»icanic plains at iheirbese. ThcK fc:ii?, abs'jiately treeless, roend^d by toe attrition rf the seas ta i storms of uafatboned periole .nto htr^e rccond*, with hollows ^rnnd there opon their tops and sides, stool waiting the soon-revising tiilerE rf the soil, who since then have covered hills arid plains with craps of grain. Homestead: aa l orchard nd ga-dens, roads, hamlets, cinrc^.es. public balis, hare since l»c-en created there by men for the rro&t; part, won tT-.eir capital a* VuTiVr^ in the Victorian »iig£tngi. Bif: when Gilbert went out theri 03 his a-ii-entcrw :t was a!i siltece, cr the EileEct *x*3 made obvious by its only intemiptioti. There was nothing heard bet tie bleatirg nf the squatters" 3 irks, or the mocking and the piping of the laaghing jackass and *he magpie, or a brilliant flight of green and crimson parroqnets as they darted, with sudden scream anJ swinge, from the tree tops into the b'ne air that hung in sweltering beat over all the bud. The soi was dipping to the west, tad the lengthening shadows upOD the plain warned Gilbert to nuke for a deserted shed in which be had before found ehelter when camping out. A few Lranches of earn BcT'ed for pallet and pillow to the voutb. who, wrapped in his rsj. slept as roundly as if at home amid luxuries of an old civilisation; psrhaps sounder ifvvtaria^es and silencL- may fierrwas lullaby to youth and perfect health. Next day was Sunday, tl:e diggers' holiday. and Gilbert rose soon after caybrrek to roam homewards by a wide carve of fifteen or twenty milts through gullies and ranges and past creeks, most of which wer-; waterless with the long antnmn drought. The early morning air was like a cool and perfumed bath, the odors of the gum-trees filling all the atmosphere, as it seemed, with their fragrant aroma, and Gilbert, as he walked nlon?, wocld throw back his shouldur*. lift in- face to the breeze, and draw in deep inspirations of the scectcd air with joyous erase of the possession of abundant life. To •list wfis rapture, for perfect hfialth, the infinite bop: of youth, the exhilaration of every sense by tho growing glories of the opening day, tlie unique purity, and perfumed freshcess of the Australian woods, made mere existence to this young Englishman a great joy beyond expression. There was not a cloud •upontbe deep '•sereoerblae"'of the aatnmn ,-.ky, and as the sun rose over the fringe of trees that tipped the ranges to the east, the dewy hafes rf the trees that tiwibled in the morning air flashed like gleams cf polished metal in the son's rays. The cries of birds and the jewelled splendor of the plumage of the parrots lent life and pic- tnresqneness to the gorgeens ascent of the great life-giver, whose glowing heat wss so soon to make every living thing qnail nnder its fit ry power. The long shad -w, that had lain " fu.l many a rood" in the early morning ffhrcnk np as the sun n»e higher and higher in the sky. AU the air was som quivsrin in the fervent glare of the torrid noon, and the breeze bad died away. The birds aecmcd listless and vorccless. The long narrow leaves of the gntcs liang motionless. The hot, dry grass crocked beneath the footstep of the traveller. Ercreise waj no longer a pleasure. Existence had not a joy beyond the powt-r of utterance. The snn bad thrown out his broad sheaf of arrows of fireand every living thing was Eoudsed. Overhead the sky was an arch of £:-ry, palpitating light, and, lower dowo, where th.' sky and earth met, there was a haze 3&d; a eltaking in the air. The earth was bot like the air. and swarms of grasshoppers with their angular motion and rasping whirr seemed the only things that had life or joy in the blaze of that despotic sun-glare. Once Gilbert caw a snake writhing laz ly through the grass, as if it, too, was conquered by the intensity of the heat that seemed to Gilbert's imagination like blasts from the hottest depths of brazen Tartarus. For there was now again motion in the air. From the north there came fitful gusts, and then stronger and stronger until it seemed as if the very friction of the air would produce a general conflagration. Faraway npon the r^jges to the north-west Gilbert could see a pillar of cloud rising- It grew with steady growth, and he soon saw that it was the (moke from a fire in the bush there. As he tramped slowly on he fancied he saw through the trees to the eastward a haziof other fires in that direction, and then the smell of smoke was borne to him by the breeze bellied him. His orrarse was south-west through broken rangy country, where timbered dopes and gnllies filled with lighter growths of wattle and peppermint were separated by little spices of open plaia. Bange, slope, gully, plain were all dry and hot, and not a drop of water in any of the creek beds Gilbert crossed. The sun had by this time bent down three houra beyond tbe meridian, and the heat seemed to have grown fiercer. The progress of the distant fires in tbe bush, and the disturbing action of the wind had suffused the atmosphere with smoke. E~en the nnsearcbable glare and brightness overhead was now dimmed and made questionable to the eye by the tempering dulceus of the breeze-bam? vapors of the fires. Tbe haggard, long, white arms of scraggy gums still gleamed is the (ight and beat -with painful brightness to Gilbert's eyes, and there was a shiver through the scant leafage as if tbe trees had a premonition of coming .disaster. He was parched himself, and longed for some greenedged creek where be might get water; or, better still, one of the little holdings where the settlers had milk and some other of tbe comforts of oivflisation. Some moist places occurred here and there in sheltered hollows, bat the runaing water had all been licked up by the heat of the season, and only soft mud was left now. Farther on, however, Gilbert found a small hole with almost tepid water, and so qnenched his thirst. The smoke of the bush- fires had spread all •over the forest and plain now, and ssemed to get more and more palpable to tbe settees. \- Gilbert was within seven or eight miles of the diggings, and tbe BUD VU sloping fact to the west and throwing back the long shadows he had drawn np to himself, as he marched in all bis morning pride to his imperial throne of neon. The barren ranges began to have tittle valleys tunongst them where beljter soil aad graas had tempted a settler here and there to make a home, and with a few cows and pigs, and goats and poultry, to provide supplies of Jnxnri.es eagerly bought by the diggers. Bat as Gilbert proceeded onwards, the- smoke about hiia seemed to get denser, and by-and-bye be felt that he was nearing the BOO roe of the thicker coming vapors, and be even fancied be oould hear the crackling of burning grans and branches of trees. The fancy soon became • reality, for he saw before -him the fire licking op the dry gn», and leaping thence to the undergrowth of gums, onu thence ascendkig the tall, gaunt trunks of the tree* and flaring out upon their arm*, and so eating up all the retfin-chafged leafage, and then feeding npon the branches themselves. Thine was a strange ru^h and roar in the progress of the fire, and Gilbert, who «»w.the bosh cn fire for the first time in his Australian experiences began to be alarmed lest he shoald be surrounded by the fire. The flameswere travelling down a range on the east, travelling down iti wes c rnside, and Gilbert's route had tbe fire, t .-irefore, on its left flank; but he could see .:'iat the See 1iad eaten itiLway ahead, and that he would >ave jto . make adetonr . tO avoid tbe •course of the flames, . But lie would not yet strike from ha ooarto. He was fascinated i by the strangeness «f fhe aight on his left, MM be liked t? hog the burning range as •closely at ie oosld. It waa a displar of yyrofwnnins hehad never witnessed teforc, and he fgokvjlmn in wattfting the flames to toesnfl Iwspadarrnss ,£om *ip to ton whilst barmng iMnehes •yAlmi/3 like gnat firebrands a« they wera, jea aoaUersd havoc wider by evtry conuca- ® rfb! " s ! , P H,a >i»™toi>,Ga-| bert saw some cows morag on f.om the coarseofthetzre, and he inferred that he must he Bearing one of the little cairy farmers" settlements. mcc!which ae knew iay along 1 his urate. Tae sm&kc; fcsd by this time m i thickly clmrpjd the atmosphere that where j the heavy ToiTmjes of vaporroiM 03 cpao j tie breeze it was impossible to Ee? fiftyyards j ahcr.d, and still voocg Annesley kept as dose ] to the fire as be COTIJ, CS the charm wa-5 j one ha conld not break. Re had not gooc much farther when be ! discovered that the fire crept rcitnd, or I had broken oat from some wsfted eparks i amoagst the trees in the raar of his line of march. a=d be b^aa to fear thai if be did cot alter his c^nrae to thesmthward he might get hemmed in by the frre. Tni~ was t'e more imperative, as the burning range had a r~rre sontb-eastward, s^d be woil-i Lire to make a smart traverse to reach the stretch J of and Eife country sctitti^ard from —here he was, He shifted hi? line of march, isd vras eo:'.g t^roea a Fghtly-tiirtbsred s^opo that led to a narrow glen-like vaiby. when he heard, or fancied he h-ira. a cry of djBtrcs> cociirx: Ifira '. ft in SJf the fire. Tte smote tras so dons? that he csnld not see masy yards in that direction, aad be liESencd as he waited t!:at he might know if he hi 1 heard a voice crying for Esccsar. He had cot goae forward many steps before he heard tbs cry a^ain, aj-2 be changed his course towards the sound that seeajsd to cyme out of tbe smoke of the fnrnat-e that no doubt lay behind it oil the ranze. As he proceeded Le conl-i hear more asd more clearly the whirr and the crackle of the fi iiaes, and the ^"r.C'Ve grew t hi-Aer and hotter. He hud reached so ceir the fire that he coula cow the Siairs Sying towards fcim ovtr the fcrwichffof the treis zlxnt fifty yards away, whilst the scaDticr cndeigrowth at that place all a blaze. Gilbert beard the cry more plainly now, a sooud as of a ciri's voice c;ying. "Oh, father! father! What shall I do? What s^all I do?" {To fx roniiUKzd). 