A HOLIDAY TO BANKS TOWN. After a very pleasant diivo along the Livcrpool- rond, through tho flourishing municipalities of Petersham, Ash field, Bunvood, nnd Enfield, dis tant seven miles from the cilv boundnrv. and another mile over what is known by the wood cutters of tho dayBgonebyns the ten-mile Hill, what may lie dcicribcd as tho gateway of the drive into the beautiful and healthy township of Bankstown is approached here, where may be seen " Wayside," n very large nnd pnrk-Iiko property of 170 acres, nbout two miles from Rookwood railway stmiou. Until recently this property, instead of its beautiful appearance, wns ail scrub and wild vege- tation, litre any part ot tno bneli. ureal, credit is due to the proprietor for his perseverance in ridding tho district of so much Ecrub, as well bb the other and many improvements which be has effected. It is to be hoped that the Government will shortly be found willing to do something towards beautifying this charming position, by clearing the undetscrub off the large area of land lately reclaimed by them in tho district, if for no other reason than aB a precaution to avoid calnraitirs by any further repetition of bushfiree, so common here. Pnssing " Wayside," with a succession of gentle hills in the distance, the traveller reaches the township of what is termed Lower Bankstown, just 10 miles from the city boundnty. It is thought by some that on account of its groat elevation, and being two miles nearer Sydney than tlmt portion termed Upper Bankstown, it would be more cor rect if it were numed Inner Bnokslown, or Banks- town East ; Upper Bankstown to be named Outer, or Bankstown West. Bo thnt as it may, it is there at Inner Bankstown, thnt you cntcb thefii st glimpse of tho picturesque nnd uxlousivc view of the scenery about tlie country, commencing nt Waver- ley anil tbcnco lo the South Head. Tbo light being quite distinct nt night time, tho vista is imposing iu the extreme. Turning round, ono can look from nlong the l'nrrnmnttn River up Pcnnnnt Hills and l'rospoet, nnd the whole beauty of. Central Cumberland is laid before the delighted eye. Pro- ceding along to Upper Bankstown, may be fchi llio vast range of country nil round tho circuit. Tho miles of territory around this district must bu seen to be appreciated, and it "cems somuthiug more than straugo that a suburban township of such resources at hand, being only 10 miicsdistant from tbe city boundary, should in these days of progress lie allowed to remain in so isolnted a condition for want of communication with tho uiotropolip, when every desire is shown to open out tbc other suburbs. A sbort time ago the residents of the district bestired tlicinscl ves, and upon representing this, one of their most important no3os;itlos to the Honourable tlie Minister for Works, tliny succeeded in obtaining tiiat gentle man's promise to use his licstendeavouis tcicomply with their request. That should prove a wholesome inventive to further exertion. This might indeed lie done if the residents nnd landed proprietor.--: were nitliciuntly aiivu to their intermit and would "iibmit heir requirements to llio consideration of tho authorities, 