INTERCOLONIAL. VlCTOllIA. James Mace, the pugilist, was fined £25 for being tho keeper of a common gaming-house. Thirty-one persons who woro arrested in his hotel, the V.R.C., early on Sun- day morning, engaged in playing hazard, weie fined £3 euch. Muce pleaded that lhe room in which tho gambling was proceeding; hud no connection with the hotel, as it waa let at a rental of £10 a week. Ho gave notico of appeal against the decision of tho Bench.-The Government have promised to expond £1000 towards securing the proper representation of the colony ut the Bordeaux Wine Exhi- bition. A meeting of winegrowers wns held for the purpose of making arrangements.-Tho Victorian and Tasmanian Mothodist Conference opened on January 17. Tho Rev. J, G. Millard, of Tasmania, was elected president for the year. The fund for the rolief of tho families of min- isters who perished in the Tarama had reached £2000. A bushfire on Fitzgerald's selection, at Kobylyn, in the Seymour district, destroyed »00 acres of grass, and several milos of fencing in the neighbourhood. The selectors made strenuous exertions to arrest the pro-gross of the flumes, but did not succeed.-The border treaty between South Australia and Victoria has been ogreed to by the Govern- ment on behalf of this colony. The document will be signed and sealed without delay. The treaty will be in force till a date to bo subsequently fixed. Tho arrange- ments apply 20 miles eaBt of the boundary lino of the two colonies. The articles exempted aro agriculturat imple- ments, live stock, engines, boilers, condensers and fit- tings, jewellery, watches, machinery, opium, spirits, cordials, tobacco, cigare, snuff, wine, cheese It is provided thut products may bo refused if tho Customs officers have reason to believe the goods are boing forwarded from ono colony to onothcr with a view to take advantage of tho difference in tho tariffs, and not intended tor bona-fide border trade or use. The treaty will terminate at a month's notico by citier parly. Tho Geelong Btation is to bo almost rebuilt, and a tender has boon accopted for the work at £12,500.-Tho Consul Goncra 1 for tho United States has recuived despatches from Washington in reply to the condolatory messages 6cnt from Victoriu on thedeuth of General Garfield.-Serious account« bave been received of the scarcity of water in the Terricks districts. Settlers are carting water for many miles. Grass extremely Bcarco, and the yield of the crops is not sufficient to Bupply seed for noxt Bcason.-Ono satisfactory feature in connection with the present harvest is that the niroars of selectors and licensees' rents are being forwarded more freely than at any previous season for years past.-The amount of compensation to bo paid by Govern- ment for the destruction of vines in the Goolong district is upwards of £25,000. Tho terms havo been settled regarding the Warren Ponda vignorons, the com- pensation agreed upon being £3156, or on average of £37 per acre. Tho calculation was based on tho value of two years' crops.- At a meeting of the shareholders of Golds brough and Company, limited, the net profits for six months were shown to be £28,339. An interim dividend of 10 per cent., amounting to £10,000, was declared, and the remoindor of tho profita carried forward.-Tho Rev. \V. H. Fitchott has been appointed president of tho new Methodist Ladies' College, Hawthorn, which is expected to be opened in April.-Up to tho present time 17 actions for damages arising out ot the Jolimont railway disaster have been ontorod against the Government, representing a total of £67.750. Mr. H. D. Edwards claims £15,000 ; and Mr. A. E. Mooro, tho second on the list, £6500.-Colonel Ander- son, Commander of the Victorian Forces, died on January 23\. after a long illness, during which ho Buffered greatly. The deceased was tho only Bon of the lute Colonel Joseph Anderson, C.B., 50th Regiment, and was 52 years of airo at the time of his death. In 1846 ho entered the 50th or" Queen's Own, then commanded by his father, and after serving in India was mude udjutant. and subsequently cap- tain. He nfforwards exchanged to the 65th Regiment In New Zealand. Ho soon afterwards loft the service, and settled in Victoria in 1852 or 1853. In 1854 he was re- quested by tlie then Govornor, Sir Charles Hotham, to raise a volunteer force, the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel being con- ferred upon him. Subsequently tho torco largely increased, mid was commanded by Imperial officers, Colonol Anderson being in England. In 18(32 a vacancy occurred, and Ander soc waa appointed Colonel-commandant of all the local forccB. Colonel Anderson waa a member of tho first Parlia- ment under Responsible government. On the 24th of May, 1876, ho waa appointed Companion of tho Order of St. Michael and St. George. Colonol Anderson married the only child of Colonel Alexander Davidson, in the East India Company's Service, and loaves two BOOS and two daughters. QUEENSLAND. Tho Hon. J. Douglas addressed a large meeting of electors advocating federal intercolonial railways to connect Brisbane with Sydnoy, Melbourne, and Adelaide on tbo lund grant Bystem, as also a transcontinental line to tho Guit of Cm-pentaiia. Ho dwelt forcibly on tho fact that 2000 miles of lines will cost from eight to ton millions, and would be constructed without borrowing a single penny, while tho credit of tho colony could bo drawn against by loan for tbo central and branch lines. It was a policy that should be above all parties, but, above all, a liberal pro- gressive policy thut, if carried, would project the colony at a bound many years in advance. Tho meeting was entirely in favour of the speaker.-A further batch of French escapees has arrived in Northern Queensland. Tho annual loturns of tho Government Savings Bunk show thut tho amount to the crodit of depositors has increased by nearly £184,000. Tho profit and loss account shows the credit balance to bo £7400 in favour of the department.--Mr. Granvillo C. Miller, Master of Titles, bus been appointed Crown Prosecutor in the Southern District Court, and Mr. Alfred Romilly has succeeded Mr. Miller as Master of Titles. SOUTH AUSTIIALIA. | Tho wine show of tho Agricultural and Horticultural Society is just over. There woro no ontries from the other COIQJHCS. rl'ho cuo this year. nf£»r«l for f*Jl,Jx¿__d rod "wine, was" won by W. Salter and Son, of Angaston, with 18G8 vintage. The light wino prizo was won by the Auldana vineyard proprietors.-The Conservator of Forest» has reported to tho Board on the probabilities. df establish« ing successful forest Toservos in the far north. Ho believes that large areas of land, contiguous to existing and pro- jected railways might be successfully sown with nativ« ?;ums and other hardy trees, and that tho absence of nativ« itiiber rendered the natural condition of the soil and climat/ less favourablo than it otherwise would havo been. Mr', Goyder appended a note to the conservator's report, giving his opinion that in many districts named the rainfall wai inadequate to successful timber planting, and that timber forests do not increoso tho average rainfall, and therefore in many places indicated by' the conservator planting would bo a costly failure. The Auditor-General's statement shows the revenue for the last quarter to be £643,412, being an increase of £47,000 on the corresponding quarter of hist year. Tho revenue for thi year is £2,171.088, or as increase of £154,024. The ex. penditure for the quarter is £518,048, showing an increa» of £31,116; and the expenditure for the year £2,054,285, an increase of £130,680. The bonded dobt charges amount to £491,240, being on increase of £36,000. The othei principal increases are in the post and telegraphs, public works, and railways. The total immigration expenditure was £21,108, as against £17,748 last year. Tho Treasure! has a credit balance of £3820.-In response to a letter re- garding subscriptions for a marble bust of .Bishop Short, the Rev. Conon Dendy suggests, as the most fitting demon- stration of the general regard in which the bishop was held, that an effort bo made to complete tho building of the catho* dral church, in which Dr. Short took so deep an interest. Mr. William Colman, J.P., a brother or Messrs. J. and J. Colman, ni us turd manufactures in England, died January 19 at Strathalbyn.-Mr. Jones, Deputy Survoyor-Gcnoral, who recently returned from the Musgrave Range country, m hil report to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, says there can be no better proof of the dryness of the season than the state of tho large natural waterholes in tho Peake, Aimee, and other clay-bottomed creeks. Soino of tho holes are nearly half-a- mile long, 50 feet wide, and 10 feet deep, and, without exception, uro all dry. In tho bed of some the remains of fish, from three to eight inches in length, and also large IIIUBSOI shells were found. Ihoro is evidence of large periodic floods, the last of which occurred foul years ago. It is impossible to travel any stock to the ranges until after a considerable general rainfall ; and he advises the lessees to defer sending any stock ' till the country bas been first visited and thoroughly examined by their station managers.-At a meeting of the Glenelg Rail- way Company to-day the directors were empowered to borrow a sum not exceeding £60,000. to bo applied to paying off rincipal and interest on mortgage. Tho doeds and bonde ave boen already issued by Glenelg and Holdfast Bay companies, now amalgamated. WEST AUSTRALIA. » A feeling of gratification is generally expressed at thi prospects of the inauguration of regular steam communica- tion netween Fremantle and the Straits Settlements by trie expected arrival of the steamship Ocean.-The West Aus- tralian Bank has declared a dividend of IG per cent, for the half-year. NEXV ZEALAND. > The ship City of Cashmere, loading grain and wool a< Timaru, ia a total wreck. Through tho pin of tho anchor shackle dropping out, the ship drifted on to the rocks before the second anchor could be got ready.-Harvesting is in full operation throughout the colony. The yield in the North Island is generally satisfactory ; but in North Otago and South Canterbury it is greatly below tbe usual average, owing to the drought.-The Auckland Chamber ol Commerce has passed a resolution pledging ita support ta the P. and O. Company, it the company xvill enter ou a New Zealand-Australian trade.-King Tawhaio visiten Auckland on January 19, and had a splondid recoption, the thousands present choeiing him lustily. n 