VA LUE OF'EXPORTS. Can it be that, to gratify tho silly rivalry that has so long obtained in the North against the South, and which we had thought a thing of the past, what is intended as valuable statistical infor- mation is so manipulated as to be utterly worth- ies« for all practical purposes ? The knowledge of the value of ourexpoits aitdimports is intended to servo a national purpose. Yet the information furnished on authority seems simply intended to magnify the apparent trade of one port at the expense of the other. Our readers will remember the preposterous valuation placed on tin exported at Launceston a few months ago. The explanation was that some one had mado a mistake.* Unfortu- nately, the exposure has not seoured gre,ter accuracy, and mistakes are unpleasantly frequent. In Tuesday's Gazette the value of exports from Hobart for January waa stated at £57,222, and from Launceston for the same month, £116,064. There is thus shown a very large discrepancy. Bat do they value all their ex- porta at Launceston as they do wool? During January there was, according to the Gazette, ex- ported from Hobart -Wool, 1,025,3331b., valued at £39,730. Launceston-Do" 1,102,3491b., valued at £05,594. Those who are clever at conundrums may perhaps be able to tell us why wool was worth at Hobart, last montb, 9|d. per lb., while in Launceston it WBB worth 14¿d. Such statistics are worse than useless. They simply deceive ; and if the Customs depart- ment cannot secure greater uniformity as to valua- tions they had better give up the Bham of preparing statistics. Wo commend this matter to the hon. the Treasurer, who, while in Launceston, may pro- cure the information we search for in vain. INTERCOLOSIAL FILES.-The s.s. Flinders, which arrived at Launceston on Tuesday, from Melbourne, brought the following tiles of intercolonial papera : Victoria, 20th inst. ; Now South Wales, 17tb inst. ; South Australia, ICth inst. ; and Kew Zealand, 10th to 13th inst. MININO BECOLATIONS.-The revised code of Mining Regulations, just issued by the Government, is published in this morning's impression. Some reference to the unsatisfactory cnaraoter of these new regulations was made in a paragraph on Wed- nesday morning. As the matter is one vitally affect- ing the mining community, and as every one in- terested in mining will now have an opportunity of forming his own opinion as to the advantages and shortcomings of these regulations, we shall be glad to receive the views of miners regarding them, and to make publio any practical suggestions for a re revision of tbis preoious revised code, of which our Government has been unhappily delivered after long and grievous labour. THE HOSPITAL.-Dr. A. B. Crowther, Hocse Surgeon uf the Hobart General Hospital, hss tendered his resignation to the Board. A special meeting of the Board will be held on Friday afternoon to receive the resignation. BANK OF VAN DIESIEN'S LAND (LIMTBD). Mr. C. Spotswood, j un., bas been appointed accountant at the Hobart office, and in the manager's absence, he will sign drafts and other documents, and transact business as acting-manager. SYDNEY UNTVEBSITY.-Applications are invited by the Senate of the Sydney University from persons qualified to fill a number of important positions, including offices of leoturer in the sobools of natani philosophy, natani history, medicine, I and of law, and modem hUtory, Applications are \- to be mt to the Aetiag.Begistrw, by March ¡25. THE ILLUSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NRW¿-We have received from Messrs, Westcott and Co. a copy of the Jiluttratal Australian ivctw, dated Fobruary 22\. It contains' a number of interesting illustra- tions, tho first page depicturing a ynung lady anxiously... looking out from a balcony on St. Valentino's morning, waiting the arrival of tho postman, who is Been coming up the street with his great bag of dainty and humourous missives on his back.- A full-pape illustration of a disastrous bush- fire in tho Strathbogie lUnges leaves a great deal to the imagination. "Off to tho Squadron," and tho "Men-of-War and Nival Reserve Biat Race, Hobsou'a Bay," occupy tho opposito pago. By far the best illustration in the number is a well executed and artistic engraving entitled " Going to School," and shows a pretty little maiden, with portfolio and basket of books, wending her way to school. Portraits of tho Rev, D. Jones Hamer, Collins street Congregational Church, Melbourne, and Mr. Robt. Murray Smith, the Agent-General for Vic- toria, and a picture of "The Cold Springs, White Terrace, Rotomahana, N.Z.," complete the illustra- tions. The letter-press contains the usual amount of interesting news. STOCK EXCHANGE RULES.-Wo have received from tho scorctary, Mr. E, J. Rogers, a neatly printed copy of the Huies of tho Hobart Stock Exchange REPORT, ETC., OF THE ROYAL SOCIETY.-We have received a copy of a volume containing tho papers, proceedings, and report of the Royal Society of Tasmania for the year 1880. AU tho papers con- tributed to and read before the members of tho society for the year 18S0 are gathered into this little volume, and in several cases are illustrated by litho- graphs, and, together with the remaining contents, form a most valuable record of the society's work during tho year in question. Tho book is well compiled, and neatly printed, and to all interested in geological, botanical, and scientific subjects generally, oven apart from members of the society, will prove of much interest. PniNTEns' Anr JOURNAL.-Wo have received from tho publishers, Messrs. Hart, Batson, and Atwater, Sydney, the first number of a new publi- cation, entitled the Colonial Printers' Arl Journal. This journal is devoted to the interests of the typo- graphical art, and the welfare of all who are en- gaged . in prosecuting its variouB branches, It is very handsomely got up, the cover being quite a work of art, The printiug throughout is beautifully olear and well sot-up, The letter-press is well selected, all the articles in the Journal being of a nituro especially interesting to printers. The adver- tisements aro set-up in a manner which might well be copied by other journals and magazines, and ?how what excellent effects can be produced by the judioious use of rules, border etc If the standard of excellence set in the first number of the Colonial Printers' Arl Journal is maintained-and this the proprietors' promiso-=-it will be a publication well worthy, tho support of all interested in printiug matters. Tho Journal, it may be mentioned, is based on the lines of the American Model Printer. BYE-LAWS OF TICE CITY, ETC.-Wo have received a copy of a publication of an index to tho several Acts of Parliament referring to the Corporation of the'City of Hobart,1 and also an index to the bye laws of the city. These indioeB have been compiled i at no inconsiderahlo expenditure of time and trouble by Mr. II. Ml Hull for the oouveniênoe of the City Couucil, and should pnve most valuable aids ; the means of saving a great expenditure of time in referring to the various Acts of Parliament, etc, and bye-laws connected with tho carrying out of the business of tho Council. AORICULTUHAL SOCIMÏ OFNEWSOOTII WALES - We have received from tbe Secretary of tho above society the schedule of prizos to bo givcu at the Metropolitan Exhibition, which will be opened in the society's new grounds, Moore Park, Sydney, on > Wednesday, Aprils. Tho exhibition »ill bo divided into 14 sections, which include all kinds of stock and produce, and many manufactures. En- tries for livo stook will cloao on Wednesday, March 1, and for all other classeB of oxhibits on Tuesday, March 7. Copies of the prize sohcdule may be obtained at this office. DR. SIMMS ON PHYSIOGNOMY.-Another able and interesting lectura on physiognomy, making tho third of tbe series, was delivered by Dr. Simms in the Mechanics' Hall lost night. There was a good attendance. The lecturer described in a most entertaining and instructive mauner the peculiarities of character indicated by the various wrinkles of tho forehead, by the dimple, the various forms of chiu, the different modes of handshaking, and ways of walking. The first part of the lecture was illustrated by a number of drawings, and the characterisation of people by their walk was ex- plained by Dr, Simms from the manner of walk- ' ing of several ladies and gentlemen in the audieuce, who, at his invitation, took a turn in front of tho platform in order that thoir peculiarities might be pointed out by the physiognomist. By his com- prehensive elucidation 'of the science, Dr. Simms doos much to remove the erroneous popular im- pression that physiognomy is a pretence at character-reading from the index afforded by the facial features, instead of being, as the word im- ports, the soience of charaotor-reading from the indications afforded by the human frame and its movements, the oouutenanoe necessarily in oludod. Throughout his ? lecture there ran a rich vein of dry American humour, which ever and again came to the surface, and sent MB hearers into delighted merriment. Ho said last night, "Laughter is better than any physic," and working upou this principle ho practised with ex- hilarating effeot upon his listeners. To-night Dr. Simms will treat of tho indications of talent and disposition 38 seen in the lips, mouth, teeth, ears, and eyebrows. The various shapes of tho ear in their relation to musical ability and qualities of the disposition will bo specially dwelt ou, and we may mention that his treatment of this subject has attracted much attention in Londou musical circles, whero its accuraoy is generally acknowledged. The significance of the eyebrow will also bo explained, aud the business face described. WILHELMJ CONCERT.-The fourth of the series of concerts by Herr Wilhelmj and his talented follow musicians was given last evening in the Town Hall, The reserved seats wero specially well attended, Horr Wilhelmj's first number was a grand Coucerto, by Lepintki, for his excellent per- ' formance of which he was warmly recalled, and gave in response a beautiful Nocturne, with cboral, by Chopiu. His second select on was a brilliant Polonaise, also by Chopin, so skilfully played that the audience insisted on calling the performer back to the stage, and in acknowledgment of the com- pliment be played Sehubert's "Ave Maria, " the performanceoftheeveniog. Herr Wilhelmj's oxquisite performance of this beautiful composition, sym- pathetically accompanied on the pianoforte by Mr. Max ; Vogricli, was a rare treat, and one which could not but be intensely appreciated by all his auditors who had even the least echo of muBioin their souls, Herr Wilhelmj also played Beethoven's 'celej brated "Kreutzer Sonata " with Mr. Max Vogrich. MÍBS Conran was again successful in pleasing her audience, indeed, go satisfied were they with her efforts that sho was encorned for each song. Her first song was " O, mio Fernando," in reply to the encore for which sho sang Hatton's ballad, "Bid mo to live." lu acknowledgment of the appluuso which greeted her second number, Schubert's Adieu and Impatience, Bho Bang B.shop's " Down by the river Bide." The last song on the programme assigned the young lady, and the one best sung by ber was Mattel's Non i ver, and in answer to the hearty recall received by her for her rendering of it she gave the pleasant little song, " My Snowy Breasted Pearl." Mr. Max Vogrich played several pianoforte Bolos and accompanied Herr Wilhelmj and Miss Conran throughout the programme. For Ins performance of Beethoven's "Evening Song" and "Spring Song," in whioh he showed a thorough appreciation of the two themes, and displayed highly cultivated and skilful execu- tion, he was warmly recalled, and gave Wagner's celebrated Tanohausor March, arranged for the pianofoi to by Liszt. The next and last concert will be eiven to- morrow night. HOPE OF RECHAB BAND.-Oa Tuesday (night tho members of this band again serenaded the warships. They first visited the Nelson, when they played a variety of ¡¡elections. ^Tbeir music was responded to from the ship hy the drum and fife band, and some songs. The serenaders then went on to the Miranda, and then to the Emerald, being very well received at each o f.heBe vessels. ! COURT OF BEQUESTS.-An adjourned Court of Bequests was held yesterday before Mr. Com- missioner Tarleton, three judgment summonses having been set down for adjudication. Mr. A. I. Clark appeared for the plaintiff in each case. Lewis v. Hay J amount of judgment, £6 10s. With the consent of the defendant, an order was mado for payment in weekly instalments of 2s. Gd. Lewin v. Hunt; amount of judgment, £3 8s, 9d. Defendant consenting, an order for payment in weekly in- stalments of 7s. Cd. was made. Lewis v. Chaffey ; amount of judgment, £3 17s. Gd. Adjourned sine die, tho defendant not having been served. MISSIONARY ORDINATION.-An interesting Borvice will be held at the Town Hall, at 3 o'clock next Sunday afternoon, when Mr. R. M. Fraser will be ordained as Missionary to the New Hebrides, by the Moderators of the Tasmanian Presbyterian and Freo Churches, the ministers of Hobart assisting. ESCAPE FROM DROWNING.-On Tuesday evening, Bhortly after 7 o'clock, a number of youngsters pro- ceeded to the river, off the Government butts, for the purpose of bathing. It appears that none of the ladsoould swim, and oneof them (JohnThomas Large) suddenly found himself out of his depth, and could not return to shore. Some of his companions, see- ing a boat iu the distance (which proved to be one of those which had been contesting in the Butchers' Bace during the afternoon) hailed it, informing the occupants of the boy's danger. The crew succeeded in getting the youugster out of the water and con- veying him ashore. The boy's mates then proceeded to roll him on the sand and rub his body, by whioh a great deal of the water he had swallowed was discharged ; and whilst they were thus engaged one of their number started off for some brandy, which was very kiadly furnished by Mr. Teed, of the Steam'Packet Tavern (without charge), and on his return a portion of the spirits was given the half-drowned ltd to drink. After a brief space Large was sufficiently recovered to be conveyed home in » cab. Yesterday he had vastly improved, and, no doubt, in s> few day« be, will be in hie normal state of health again,. ' SAILORS' HOMR.-Wo would remind our readora of tho concert this evening in the Town Hall, in aid of tho Home, under tho patronage of Commodore Erskine. It will bo seen from our advertising columns a very attractive progriinmo has beeu prepared, and it is hopod a large number of the public will make a special effort to attend, and show their appreciation and sympathy with tho efforts being made towards tho permanent establishment of a Sailoia' Home, tho moro especially as a Home has been at last started, and in working order for nearly three months, after much talk and several attempts and failures in past years. We under stand a largo number of officers and bluo jackets aro likely to bo present, as special leavo will no doubt bo granted in consideration of tho object of the concert. TUE ARMLESS LADV.-The armless lady and the arithmetical "Bismarck " continue to attract visitors to tho exhibition tent, in Elizabeth-street, and all are well pleased with the performances they wit- ness. A HINT TO SMOKERS.-An incidont ocourred yes- terday, which, though having nothing serious con- nected with it, shotts how careful people havo to be during tho hot and dry weather now prevailing. About noon a slight blaze was observed on a plot of ground in front of a houso belonging to Ciptain Mann, in Macquarie-strcot, opposite the Denison Hotel. Mr. Partridge, a neighbour, had his atten- tion directed to tho place, and without much diffi- culty put out tho fire, which had got a hold of the dry grass in the garden and was rapidly spreading. It scema that a smoker had lighted bia pipo and carelessly thrown away tho match, which, falling on the parched grass, soon ignited it. Had a little moro timo elapsed before tho blaze was put out, it is likely tho fence, and perhaps part of the building, might bave caught fire. It only servos to point out that smokers should bo particular to see that the matches they ignite aro properly extinguished before they are cast ruthlessly abroad. -' Tho dates on which the annual prize matches of the Southern Tasmanian Rifle Association will bo fired are advertised. Applications for the office of Council Clerk to the Hamilton Municipality will be received until March 27. A meeting of the West Hobart Ratepayers* As- sociation will be held nt the Marquis of HostlngB Hotel, at 7 o'clock this evening. It is notified that tho Hobart Town Savings Bank will be closed and Monday on Tuesday next. The steamer Monarch will make an excursion to New Norfolk and Tuesday next. The meeting of the congregation of St George's Church, Battery Point, which was to have been held to-night, is postponed till further notice. The agents for the P. and O. Steam Navigation Co. have received intelligence concerning Bome, lug- gage whioh was expected in January last year, per s.a. Rohilla, by Miss Fraser, and they will be obliged it that lady will call on them. 