;TIlDE ArAITLADS. . BY Fi? MbonrTiY. "Well, good bye,old follow. Iwish Ioouldhq go with you. I hear the snipe are very thick l up at Bargooms, don't forgt .to :send me::, down a feow braceo if you have any.luok."' ,,;, ".I won't forget," said Victor Levison,to., his friend Inspector Smith, of .the Detectiveo: force who had accompanied him as far as the:o, Spenoer-strcet Station. "And,. I,say, oldi.: boy," continued the detective, who looked , more like a doctor or a lawyer, than a mom..: ber of the force," don't be making loveto the pretty girl in the next carriage who, I :aci dentally heard, is bound for the samo hoopit-,, able house as yourself." "No fear of that" said Lovison with a smile; "you know I am a confirmed woman hater." " " I know you say so; but mothinks you do protest too much sometimes." "I never was more in earnest; and, if it was not that I had promised my old friend,; Campbell to pay him a visit,' I should feel: half inclined to postpone my holiday until ,Li was sure that the coast.wasaoloarof girlswho are tih. special plagues sent by anm unkin ?, provideneoo to punish us for our sins." Victor Lovison was a handsome young fel-' low of five and twenty, and as the train moved away from the Spencer-street Station, he lay back with a half resigned half melan choly air and lit a cigar which he smoked in a semi- unconscious fashion while he gazed out at the shifting panorama which he evi dently saw only with his physical organs, while his spiritual faculties were engaged in some introspective probloms. Ho lookod a very well-to-do gentleman too ; and one opon whom the cares of this world sate lightly. Above the middle height, well formed and athletic, there was somoehing in his face which denoted the man of thought as .well as of action. There was a frank look in his clear grey eyes that inspired confidence, while they had a knack of blazing up sud denly at any excitement, or sparkling with fun when the occasion offered, which formed a happy contrast to their habitual look of calm thoughtfulness. The second son of Gilbert Levison, Victor had chosen the profession of a barrister, and if he had only devoted his energies and talents tohis profession, h would probably have made his mark in it; but he was something of a dreamer, and, if he had decided for the law, it was only to escape from a profession even more distasteful. He courted the muses, which was sufficient to put him outside the pale of decent society; and men who dealt in coals by the wholesale, or who trafficked in beef and mutton, while still in the condition of bullocks and sheep, or who made their fortunes by the careful selection of ewes and rams, looked upon him with a sort " of contemptuous pity, as much as to say: 'well, there's a clever sort of ne'er- do-weel, who writes books and poems and that sort of trash instead of buying and selling and mak ing money-he'll come to no good I" This sort of thing in the abstract, did not annoy Victor Levison-it rather amused him; but when it came to interfering between him and the girl he loved, it caused a bitterness in his heart, which oocasionally found vent in bitter and caustic words, and intensified the feeling of antagonism already existing. "I wonder who the girl is, that Smith spoke of," murmured Lovison, as he pitched his eigar'6ut of the window, and yawned pro digiously. "Going to Archie Campbell's is ashe? .Governess perhaps; and good-looking, Smith says. Well if she is-and I must say Smith has a tolerable taste in womankind I may perhaps fall in love. with her, out of sheer spite. Yet I can't help thinking that there must have been some underhand in fluenco at work, to make Lucy break off our engagement. The last time I saw her, poor girl, she seemed nearly heart-broken. I swear she loves me, and I know I love her; then what the . . . but there? oursing won't mend matters-let me read her letter again." " Dearest Victor If you knew the grief that fills my heart while I write this letter, which is to release you from our engagement, you would pity me. I am torn between my love and my duty. I love you, Victor, I love you; and I am not afraid to say so, for you are good and noble, and I gave you my heart, when you told me, in your own sweet passionate words, that you loved me. Oh, Victor, do not think harshly of me. Bear with me, though I cannot reveal to you the cause of our separation. It is-it must be; God help me-enough that I can never marry you. My load is sufficiently heavy to bear in parting with you, without feeling that you think unkindly of me. Let ue meet no more, for I fear myself. My tears blot out the words, as I write farewell.-Your s , - Lucy." '11 Poor girl 1" said Levison, as he kissed the litter, while a not unmanly tear mingled ?i?th those of his love which already stained the unconscious paper, " poor girl I it is now nearly twelve months since she wrote that letter, and I have never heard of her since in spite of the utmost efforts of Inspector Smith and the whole of the detective staff. I wonder what can be the duty she talks about. I expect some of her relations have been telling her that I am not exactly orthodox-a sort of Bohemian, which, to some minds, is equivalent to heathen-and she considers it her duty to tear herself away: from the 'world, the flesh, and- the devil in the shape of myself. But then, so far as I know, she had no relations except her father and mother;; the father. I never met, and although the old lady was extremely orthodox, albeit, I must confess, a little vul. gar, it never struck me that she had any objections to a Bohemian son-in.law. Well I well! I give it up," and Victor Levi son resigned himself with a sigh to the task of smoking a second cigar. In the meantime the train sped on its way at the usual high rate of speed adopted on the Victorian Rail ways of about ten miles an hour, pulling up every eight or nine miles to put down or take up some passenger, and making the most hideous and blood-enrdling noises at every stoppage, with an abominable contriv. ance which is dignified with the name of a break. Past interminable paddocks enclosed by post and rail fences, wherein sheep and cattle grazed in peace, apparently indifferent to the huge monster which rushed frantically by them belching forth fire and smoke ; past queer little melancholy looking huts, like glorified dog kennels, standing in solitary grandeur on bleak.looking plains, and each bearing witness to the former existence 'of a free selection, and the present existence of a freehold dummy block; past miles upon miles of rich grazing land, where Herefords and short-horns waxed fat, while their owners were kicked by the friends of the people to eke out the balance of the proverb; past State schools, where the rising genera lion stopped playing for a moment or two to cheer the locomotive on its way, or yell de fiance at the monster according to their humour for the time being; past level cross itgs where queer old cripples, who were help less enough to be members of Parliament, opened and shut the gates as if opening and shutting gates was the chief end of man; past grand-looking mansions, each of which some simple-minded squatter had built up in defiance of all the canons of art, and most of whom had died shortly after the erection of these palatial structures ; past, or rather through endless miles of black wattles, planted apparently for the sole purpose of some day, adding fuel to a hugo bush-fire, fated to con sume passengers and train in one vast holo caust; and then, after having religiously stopped fifteen times in lose than a hundred and fifty miles, the panting engine pulls up at a sort of one-horseo station, which is for the time being a terminus. Victor Levison was aroused from a reverie by the demand for his ticket, and then he found himself at the mercy of the cabmen who quarrelled over his gun-c.ease and portmanteau and rug, until, having settled their dispute in their own way, he found himself seated in a melancholy. looking cab vis a vie to the fair incognito, whose destination was the same as his own. CHAPTER II. Edward lslaitland was a wealthy landed proprietor in one of the richest pastoral dis- 1 triuts of Victoria. He had one son, Walter, I of whom he was not a little proud, but with whom he was, perhaps, a little severe. Mait land pdre was extremely afraid ofo his son Walter making a mcalliance-poseibly, be- I cause he himself had married his father's cook, and was afraid that such little peculiarties were hereditary. 'However that may be, I Walter was prfectly certain, that if he did marry beneath him, his father would straight. way cast him off with the proverbial shilling. I This was probably the reason why, with that strange perversity that makes the majority of people long for the precise thing that they ra warned to shun, Mr. Walter Maitland fell t over head and ears in love with the pretty r daughter of John Morrison, a poorbut honedst a selector in Gipp?s Land. Walter was a ro- p manti youth m those days-he was but t twenty years of age-and it afforded him a strange and fearful delight to masquerade in his shooting excnrsions under the name of o Walter Brown. Under the name of Walter t Brown he married pretty Jane Morrison, and a straightway took a snag little cottage for her h ina asuburb of Melbourne, There is no use of living under cirocm. d stances which lavour of the romantic; unless b it is done propoerly; and, therefore, Walter made up his'mind that he would keepI his wife ignorant of what he considored his exalted, origin until ho became his own master. .In the meantime, he gave out that he. was a commercial traveller for a soft goods` house in the city. This was a very soft thing, indeed, if it had been analysed; but Mrs. Brown know no more about softgoods than Mr. Brown, and she was, of course, under the impression that, when her husband was away visiting the paternal acres, he was po rambulating the country in those gorgeous vehicles so much affected by commercial gentlemen. The only person who know of the little comedy, besides Walter himself, was his cousin, Henry Maitland. Years rolled on, but Mr. Walter Maitland, much to the surprise of his aristocratic friends, remained a confirmed bachelor. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Brown were blessed with onofair daughter, whom the perspicuous reader will immediately recogniso as Luoy, who so strangely disappeared from the ken of her lover, Victor Levison. The auspicious birth of a daughter made an additional attraction to the romantic dove cote of Mr. Walter Brown alias Maitland. But Walter continued the even tenor of his way. He was happy in his cottage as Walter Brown, and. he was happy on his father's station as Walter Maitland. . In either case he was a happy-go-lucky, careless, romantic dog, who hugged his own little mystery to his own heart, and never thought that any harm would come of it. All in good time he would appear as the prince in the fairy tale, and, carry his astonmshed wife and no less astonis ed child to his palatial and ancestral home. 4But when one, with the best intentions in the ,orld, begins telling lies, or living lies, things don't 'pan out,' properly always. Ten years after his marriage his father died and he succeeded to the property. Now, whether it was that he was ashamed of his wife; or whether, 'as some have whispered, that he had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that he was too easy going to alter the life which had grown habitual to him we cannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father, and up to the time of his own-accidental death we werego ing to say, but deliberate murder is the phrase required-he continued his dual existence. Walter was always an easy going, honest, careless soul; and we don't behoieve a word about the rumoured second wife. His faults were numerous enough; but his principal weakness was a pernicious habit of 'letting things slide,'and shunting off work of any kind and responsiblities of all kinds on to other shoulders. The pair of shoulders which took the most of this work were those of his cousin Henry. Henry Maitland was a clever man with a keen, dark eye which, to a close obser ver, had a slightly trea cherous look, and his face, when he was not wearing his society mask, had a hungry av aricious expression. A good physiognomist would have said that he was a miser; a good phrenologist would have put him down as a first olass murderer; they would both have been right. Henry Maitland had a badly balanced head. He had an abnormal develop ment of two organs very useful in their place but dangerous when in excess- acqui sitiveness and destruc. tiveness. Henry Maitland was Walters only surviving relative. If Walter died intestate he would suc ceed to the property. The only thing that stood in the way was the wife and daughter. How to get over this difficulty was the ques tion. " Watty old boy," said Henry with the as sumption of bluff hear tiness and good hum our, which he adopted always when not abso lutely alone-this as sumption of good na tured roughness was the mask under which he found it most conveni ent to do the meanest of his actions-" Watty old boy, I want to talk seriously to you." "Ohbotherl Whati it ?" " It is a matter which affects the welfare of your wife and child." "Of my wife and child?" said Walter mu ingly. "Yes I ought to bring them up here. What does it matter how people will talk. Married for the last sev. enteen years under an assumed name. After all it will only be a nine days wonder. Yes, you are quite right, Henry, I must bring them up at once." " That is a very good resolution, bravol" cried Henry in his most honest and effusive style: I am glad to hear you talk like that, but that is not what I was thinking about, dear boy." " Of what then?" "Have you made your will, Walter ?" "No." " Careless fellow." " Why I don't look like dying, do I ?" " No, but we are all mortal, and if you were to die without making your will, soe what possibilities of trouble might arise. You ought to think of your wife and daugh. ter." " You are a good fellow Harry," said Walter impulsively, "let me do it at once; you're scribe enough for that I'm sure." "Of course I can do it," replied Harry slowly, "but had you not better get itedone by a lawyer ?" "Oh, hang lawyers I Thoy only confuse things. Three lines will do it. I'll leave all my ,property to Lucy, subject to the payment of £1000 a year to my wife, and a thousand a year to you old boy, and the thing is done." " Well, yes, of course, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, I'll draw up a will to-morrow." "Do, there's a good fellow, and then the thing will be off my mind." Next day Henry stayed at home, and Wal ter rode into the township upon some business. Henry was very busy all day writing out the will, in the most elaborate legal style, with the help of some legal handbooks. After writing out one will, he wrote out another. In the first will he had disposed of the property as Walter Maitland instructed him. In the second will, he transposed the names in such a way, as to leave the bulk of the property to "my cousin, Henry Maitland," and one thousand a year to Miss Jane Mor rison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown. The two pieces of foolscap were exactly the same in appearance to start with. Henry Maitland, to still further increase the decep tion, made a series of elaborate, but appa rently accidental, blotches upon the first will ; and then, with a most commendable patience, proceeded to make fae simile blotches upon the second will. The two wills were in ap pearance, identical. After he had finished his task, Henry went to the gun rack, took out Walter's brecoh- loader, and took it down to the blacksmith's shop. There was nobody about, as Henry had sent the blacksmith to hang a gate, at the extreme end of the run. With some curious tools, he worked away in. dustriously, at the inside of the left hand barrel, until he was apparently satisfijd. When he had finished, there was a perceptible orack, or groove, in the barrel, about six in shos from the 'breech. This:-rack he filled up with grease; until it was, no longer 'to' be seen, when looking through' the barrel,' ahd having finished his work to his entire satis. faction, he returned to the house, and replaced the gun in the rack. When Walter returned in the evening, he read the will first written, with many grohns at its length. '.That is about what'you want, isn't it?" asked Henry cheerfully. " Oh' yes l" said Walter, throwing it on the table with a sigh of relief. "I suppose you had better get in a couple of the men to witness it." Henry picked '-up the will, and.walking carelessly over to the fire-place, rang the bell. It did not require much sleight-of-hand to conceal the will Walter had just read, and return to his seat with the fao simile in his hand in place of the original. The house. maid now appeared in response to the ring, and she was instructed to send Thompson, the over-eer, and. -lake, the boundary rider, in. The fraudulent will was lying on the table. In five minutes it was duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and in five minutes more it was securely looked up in Mr. Walter Maitland's private safe. Then Mr. Henry Maitland planned a shoot ing excursion for the following morning . The most expensive guns are not absolutely safe ; and when Hr 7 alter Maitland's dead body was brought into the house, Henry Maitland said he would never have confidenee in one of those newivfanglod brooch-loadero again. CHAPTER III. Victor Levison's buriosityh d boon roused by the remark of detective 'dmith sento the good-looking girl in the nit' earriag c ande therefore, when ho.found himself sitting op posite to the fair: unknown,.in a stuffy little cab, his first impulse was to try and get a look at her face. ;But in this he was com pletely baulked, for the younglady persistentlyl koept her face muffled. up in a think veil. "She has got apretty foot at all events,' said Victor to himself," and a.beautiful figure. - The pose of her head is simply superb, and what lovely hair the very colour of Lucy's." ; All at once the thought rushed into Victor's mind-the co envictipn almost-that; it was indeed Lucy. His heart felt, strangely op pressed;. his breath came in short quick gasps; his face flushed,- and his. fingers seemed to burn and tremble with an eager longing to touch the hand, thedress, the hair of the sweet girl who seemed to efface herself in the farthest corner of the cab as if to keep as far away from himlas possible. :Lucy, on her part,lknow Victor; and ail nor passionate love lor ntm whichll, in tho dear old days when there was no barrier between them, had been fed on honied words and kept alive by tender caresses-whose banished joys it was now an agony to remember-made her bosom swell and her heart throb painfully while she could hardly control the impulse to throw herself into her lover's arms, and sob out her agony on his bosom. Her blood ran cold the next moment, and her highly wrought feelings foundrelief in a sigh which, but for her fear of betraying herself, would have been a moan. ' ' ' Victor felt as if he was standing on a proci pice and was seized with a mad desire to fling himself over.' Three or four times he opened his lips to speak and as bfton the unspoken thought died upon his lips. His heart beat furiously. If it was Lucy, and he allowed her to escape without speaking to lherand on deavouring to clear up the mystery of her dis. appearance, he would curse his prudery as long as he.lived.' But, it the young lady was a stranger, upon what possible pretext could he address her at all. And then it could not possibly be Lucy, or she would have spoken. Yet, in spite of all his arguments against the possibility of its being the girl he loved, he felt surrounded and steeped in an atmosphere charged with emotions such as he only felt when in the presence of one woman. The situation was becoming painfully tense. 'The atmosphere of that cab was charged with love's electricity, and it is difil cult to say what would have happened if a lightning conductor, in the shape of Henry Maitlanhadhad not entered the vehicle at that moment. Henry Maitland was on his way to Melbourne, and had purchased his ticket when he chanced to look into the lady's car. riago. He saw' Lucy, and his guilty con scionce, over on the .watch for possible dis covery of his crimes, made him suspect that Lucy's appearance in the district boded no good for hzm. : After he had accomplished his purpose so cleverly of murdering his cousin Walter by manipulating his breech-loader so artistically, he had interviewed Mrs. Walter Brown, Lucy's mother. He explained. to her the exact position of affairs as a candid friend. His explanation was charming in. its sim plicity, and could not possibly have deceived anyone but the simple- minded woman whom he took the trouble to deceive. According to him Walter Maitland had married Jane horrison'under an assumed name. Walter Brown, in fact, lhad married Jane Morrison, Walter Maitland had-died, and Walter Mait. land being also Walter Brown, it followed that Walter Brown had died. But nobody knew Walter Maitland as Walter Brown ex. copt he himself, Henry Maitland; and he was not only not going to identify Walter Mait. land as Walter Brown, but he would abso. lutely swear that no such identity existed. .1 she persisted in claiming Walter Maitland as her husband he would denounce her as an impostor, and swear that she, Mrs. Brown, was Walter Maitland's mistress; that he know Walter Drown woll enough, and that he had simply disappeared in order to lend a colour to her claim;. He went so far as to say that she was not really married from the fact of her having married Maitland under the naine of Brown. That Walter himself was aware of this, and as damning evidence of that he produced the will, in which he had left to Miss Jane Morrison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown, £1000 per annum. All this was like a hideous dream to Lucy's mother; and she was so overwhelmed with the 'apparent' completeness of the thing, that she was.perfeetly helpless and utterly in. capable of Boaing her way out of the difficulty. The one hideous' appalling fact that stood out boldly. in all the entangled surroundings, and struck coldly to her heart and turned her head dizzy, was that sho was not married to the father of the child, and' that her child was a bastard. She dared not toll Luoy, but in'her fverish mutterings when the terrible blow, laid. her upon a bed of sickness, her daughter gathered so much 'that. she was compolled to tell her all-and belihoving herself that she had been deceived, the sad story was imparted in such a way that Lucy was compelled, in spite of herself, to think the same. It was a crushing blow to the poor girl. She was so proud of her father, so fond- of-her mother. And to think that all this time her father had lived a lie I But when she thought of her love-of Victor-it almost drove her mad. 'There was but one thing to be done.' They must dis appear from the scene and bl t out the past; they. could live whore the story wad un known. Parting with Victor as the sevrest trial; but she could not endure the thought of linking her sullied name to :that of the man she loved too well to drag down, to her level. Thus she wrote her parting letter to Victor, and this is why she dreaded his discovering her.'? Lucy and her mother had a- hard struggle. She was now on her way-to Bar gooma as.govorness 'to'Mrs. Campbell,-who knew the whole of her sad story. Henry Maitland; being, a high-class villain', know that the fiction he had so: industriously elaborated, would not stand investigation. As long as Luoy and her mother'were alive there was danger. Luey 'was even-more dangerouuoethan her mother;:and, therefore,:whenheoisaw her in the railway:earriage, and saw her:-fterwards take her seat in the cab whioh'was to take her to the coach ofilce, he changed' his mind about going to Melbourne, and determined to find out her destination. With this object he also got into the cab; and if the reader wishes to know how long it takes to go through all the different emotions and life experiences which we have attempted to describe, and trace to their sources from the beginning of the chapter up to this point, the cabman, if he were at the same time ob servant and truthful, would probably inform him that the time was three minutes. The entrance of Henry Maitland into the cab was a relief to Victor and Lucy. Not that he was a desirable companion, but the emotional currents wore diverted, and both Lucy and Victor breathed more freely for his presenes, although Lucy knew him and loathed him, while Victor didn't know him, and didn't want to know him. The cab drove up. to the coach office; and as soon as the luggage was arranged, and the mails put on the rack, and in the boot, and under the seats, and wherever they could find a place to stow them, the coach started out of the thriving township of. Telora with the usual plunge of the near wheeler, without which, it is apparently impossible for Cobb & Co, to getaway. Hewas a cranky brute that near side wheeler, and Jack' M'Lean, the driver, told Victor-who was sitting alongside him-in a confidential whisper, that the anl. mal was a " blooming fraud." There was another gentlemen on the box seat, and Lucy was inside, where, also, Henry Maitland had elected to go. ' Although the weather for the last few days had been fine on the ooast and a short die.s tance inland, the country about Telora gave evidence of heavy'rainfall. There had been steady rain for three:'or four days higher up the country also ; and all the creeks were running bank high. 'The road crossed the valley of the Telora creook, about ten miles out of the township. The creek had overflown its banks, and when the coacharrived at the edge of the water, it was evident that ,it would take very careful piloting to get through with safety. The cur rent was not rapid, and the' water was not more than'four feet deep on' the aveorage; but these floods, which look so, innocent, have a nasty habit of working deep holes in the blue clay, which forms the bed of the valley, and if the coach, by accident, got into one of these holes, it would be a serious matter. All this was known to Henry Maitland, who was also perfectly acquainted with the track across. A diabolical idea suddenly entered his head. If he could entice the driver. of the coach into one of these huge holes, the inside passengers of the coach would be certainly drowned. Lucy once, out of the way, he would.bo The coach stopped at the edge of the water. "0an any gentleman dve the coach after me throhgh this swamp, if I get a horse and pilot the wsay,"! asked the driver. . , I'IIurive," said Vietor,.who was. rather a good four-inI-hand whip:,' "If you would allow moeto make a sugges-. tion,"' said Mr. Maitland, 'I think we can got over the difficulty. Doubtless this gentle man;,'? roferring to Viotor, '."is a proficient driver, but I think' Jack had bettor stick to the ribbons. I will ride on, and ant as pilot." * All right; old son," said Jack, "you're a trump ; hero comes Bobby with a horso; fire ahead " and the coach went down steadily into the yellow turbulent water, while Henry Maitland rode on in front, with an angelic smile upon his face, and murder in his heart. OHAPTER IV. It wa an erxciting time. The turbidbreadth 'of flood water, which looked so innocent and picturesque at a distanco,, took a new mean ing when it surged up' against the wheels of the coabh, and swirled angrily away on the bther side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful prey. The near-side owhoolerwas restless and uneasy. rvery, now and again .ho plunged his nose down into the turbid waters, and then flung it up with a 'jerk, asl If he had seen a snakoe, snorting and plunging all the time evidently in, the most . abject terror. About thirty yards ahead of the coach, Henry Maitland piloted the way. The coach was now about half-way across. ,l..Hiii boss, ain't you going toomuch to the left ?" yelled the driver. " It's all right, you follow my,traok," called back Maitland over his shoulder. " His track seems to:me darned peculiar," muttered Jack under his breath, as he took a fresh hold of the near wheeler's rein. The track was peculiar. Maitland seemed to be picking hies way,. goinga .little .to the right andthen to the left. • The water left no trace of his passage, and the driver, in spite of himself, always kept followinghim in a bee line. . Theynwere within about two hundred yards of the landing place, when suddenly the near wheeler lost his footing. He was out of his depth. The leaders had swerved to one side and had escaped the hole. Instantly the driver jammed down the break, and stopped the coach, which, of course, had only been going at a walking pace. Fortunately, the leaderswero tractable, and stood still.,] The off-side wheeler instinctively recognised his danger, and planting his feet firmly, ;hold.up against his struggling companion.. The mo ment was one of imminent danger. The frantic horse plunged and reared, now feeling the bottom with' his hind feet, ahnd now plunging head foremost into the boiling water. His struggles wereabecoming weaker. In two minutes he would be drowned, but before that he would probably startle the other horses, and drag the coach into the abyss. Jack kL'enan dared not leave the reins. Victor, in the meantime, had got over tie dash board and, at the risk of his life, was walking out on the polo to endeavor to loose the horse by unbuckling the reins and polo. strap, and unhooking the traces. The first stop, however, along the polo, showed him that the thing was impossible. In an instant he was back again, and plunging off the seat, he swam up to the struggling animal, and be gan operations by trying to let go the traces. Butlthoy were so tightly drawn and tense, that his efforts were hopeless. Then he be. thought him of his knife. With a few rapid strokes the traces, pole-straps; and reins were out, and the half-drowned animal was free, and. presently staggered up the bank, more dead than alive. Victor now turned his attention to the lady in the coach. Looking out of the window was the frightened visage of a travelling preacher, who, coming thus far to preach the gospel to the heathen, was now more anxious for the, safety. of his own body from water than the souls of other people from firo. Behind the parson who, to do him justice, had tried to keep up his own courage and comfort 'his follow passenger, stood Lucy, who had watched Victor throughout the exciting scene, her faco. white and her hands unconsciously clasped in the attitude of sup plication. ' Wading toktho door, Victor. oponed' it and said, simply:, ' 1" Are you tmuch frightenod "my darling ?1 "I' was' not 'thinking of myself, Victor; only of you. It seemed so terrible strug. gling in the water with'that half-maddened horse." They stood' for a: moment with tightly clasped hands. It.was'iamoment of bliss. All the past was forgotten. Then TLiuoy gently withdrew her hands and shivered shghty, as the barrier between Victor and hbcself once more rose before her. "Come, my darling, I will carry you to the bank," saidjnher lover. Ile took Ier in his strong arms; and Victor was repaid for all the past twolvemonths of hope deferred as he felt her fluttering heart beat against his own. "You will never leave me more," he whis. pered. ;"Oh, Victorl you don't know, you don't know . " And I don't want to know. All I know is that I love you; and you told me once that you loved me; and we are going to be married nm spite of creation; and we'll be married at Bargooma, for I won't trust you'out of my sight any more; and we'll go away to Tas. mania for our honeymoon, and be back in timo to spend thbo Christmas holidays with my old friend Campbell, to whose house wo are both going now if I am not mistaken,'~ This was allsaid with so muachdo?clin, and in such, a matter-of.eourse tone, that Lidy'lcotild only cry'sileitly,' while a great joy filled her soul, and she unoonsciously nestled closer to..tho'big heart of the man who was carrying her in. his arms like a child. ' The lovers weore so absorbed in their own 'affairs that they did not notice the presence of a well-appointed drag which just then drove up,' drawn by four spanking bays, hold well in hand by a cheerful-looking young gentleman sof about fifty summers, whose white hairs oeemed absurdly out of place when taken in connection with his sparkling eyes and jovial, boyish-looking face. "Bravo Victor I 'Well done my boy 1" then lie added, in a sorio-comic tone, "bless you both, my children." "Hallo Campbell I is that you ?" "All that is left of me. And this young lady is Miss Brown, I know from her photo. graph. Jump up both f ou yo.and if that villain 'irestzok will stop plunging for half a second, I'll shake hands with you in the in. terval. Now, my boy, you look uncommonly like a drowned rat--exuse my flattering simile-so we'll drive over to Simpsons for a change of clothes, and then we'll make Bar. gooms at the rate of fifteen miles an hour." j" But what'about the luggage ?" " Ohl that'll be all right. I'll leave word e' the accident as we pass the company's stables, and they will send assistance." When they arrived at Bargooma they were cordially welcomed by Mrs. Campbell, who kissed Lhoy as if she were an old friend, and insisted upon her going straight to bed after tea. The next few days passed pleasantly for Lucy in a life which was entirely new to her. Victor learned from' Mrs. Campbell'the secret which, in Lucy's estimation, raised such a barrier between himself and her. The know. ledge only helped to endearher to him the more. He pleaded so earnestly, that at length she consented to become his wife.' In the moan time he determined to probe tho mystery to the bottom. He communicated with dotes. tive Smith, who immediately made an oxami. nation of the books of the Begistrar, and foundbthe .marriage duly recorded of Walter Brown 'and' Jane Morrisson. The difficulty, of course, was.to identify Walter Maitland with' Walter Brown. There would have been of course, no difficulty immediately after the death'of Walter,' for those who knew him iinddr'either name could have 'identified the body' as belonging to 'the man they knew under either designation and the mystery would have been solved. "But now that he had been deond fdr over a year; such a solution was impossible. Detective Smith who had come up to Bar gooma was at his 'wits end. Victor was striving after impossible combinations of the most intricate theories. when the whole thing was put into a.nutshell by a very innocent re. mark, by Mires.' Camp. bell. "i-ave you a photo graph of your father, my dear?" she said to Lucy. Lucy produced a pho tograph of her late father, Walter Brown. Mrs. Campbell had hi her album a photo graph of Walter Mail. land. They were not from the same negative, nor by the same artist; but there was no mis taking the identity of theonginal. Thophoto-. graph of Walter Brown and that of Walter Maitland were both taken from the same individual. " Thd ap. paratus can't lie" and the ipse dixit of thesun is indisputable Inde. pendently of the general likeness which strikes the eye, there is the reproduction of every line and scar and mark and microscopically minute fissure ivith ab solute exactness. Not two faces in a million are the same in dneline. But, since the creation of the world, if all the faces that ever saw the light were compared, no two faces would be found that had all the lines the same. The photograph and the microscope together are infallible. The mystery was a mystery no lon ger. After the ladies had retired, the three gentle. men continued the dis cussion. ,,. " What is.y, our opinion ofI thlid mat. ter, Smithl ?'.'siid Vio tor. "T What sort of a man was Walter Maitlauid?" said the detective, ad dressing Mr. Campbell. : ?A-thoroughly hon ourabls man; but one of the most caeneles easy going fellows that ever I met, and completely dominated'by tlie superior in. tobUct of his cousin Honry.' "Then,"' said tie detotivr, in a thoughtful tone, " he never signed that wil with the knowledge of its enouer. It is my opinion that Walter Mcait land has beeon i'upedo; and his death, on the follow ingday, makes methinktthat hewas also murdered." By wlom ? " asked M[r. Campbell; eagerly. "By the man wlh benelitted most by his death."j CHAPTER V. L IHenry aitland's property adjoinod Bargooma. The two homesteads were about fire miles apart. Maitland was not mesh of a sportsman himself he was teoo keen'and too eger in iris pursuits of wealth to iedulge in such frivolities i but, with his usual cunining, oe pretended an enthuslasm whlichl he did not feel for sport, In order to keep up his assumed character of bluff carelessness and good nature. On :his property, however, were many. places famous as the favourito haunts of snipe. Tle first shooting of the season was generally te be.obtained along the duk-heaunted creeks, and round the edges of the rich swamps" of Yambaar, whilch was the name of tios station. lince the death of Walter Maitland there were etrange whispers as to the peculiarlife led by the present proprintor? Henry Maitland. Altholghk, when hle mixed with the neighbours, or when his business took him into the nearest township, there was no apparent difference in the man, it was rumoured Ithat he shut himself up poriodically, and had prolonged bouts of solitary drinking. One day, about a fortnight after the arrival of Victor and Lucy at Bargoomo, Haenry Maitland rode over, to invite Mr. Campbell and his friends to a'days snipe-shooting.. Lucy Iad no suspicion that hle was her father's murderer' but shio knew the partle had'acstedl after her fathir's death, and she shuoddered as lihe Insisted upon shaking hands withl her, after. the formal ceremony of?introductlon. - Vintor Lovison and Daetetive Smith had their 0on, reasons for appearing on friendly terms with the man wlhoe crimes they, were endeavouring te traco. They did not Wish Id arouse his suspietons, annd thlrefereor they accepted his invitation with op. rt plesue. "You will brin'g to ladies too, Campbell,"sanhi Hlaitland, in,.parting, "we will nake a regular pleanit of It. "Its not often that I Iave the oensure of acting as host to fair ladies." Thus saying lhe doled hls 'at with the grace of a cavaller, and canteredloff, the beau ideal of a good-natured, jovial, country gentleman. P What a consummate hypocrite the man must ee," said Victor. ".ut he deceives nobody" quietly remarked the host, " he cannot constantly near tihe mask, end every now and theon the roil is liiftedl by some slight exprcssIon, a look, a onl, thie turn'of a sentence, which reveals the hidden thought; he is most disliked by those who know him test." "Well, I suppose we will go over to Yambaar tdemorrow ?, "I thik'b o; we may possibly hear something, and, in any case, ou can have some good sport, while the ladies will enjoy the drie." Next morning the fonr-in-hand drove p to the door, and soon thoe party were seated in tio drag. Ithaoes glorious Otober morning. A slilght soweFr th0 previous night made tho air appear mare tbalmy tban nsu,.with the scent of light -oodp and wattle blossoms. A MOy drote we, ie longveee lneoy odouriwafted irem t: etil-kept garde, proclainmed the Presence of he aweaot-cnted berouni, orerpoweoring its th to neighbenr, ti e Daphne. g ts more dell. As far as the eye could reach, a rich mantgoe imorald green spread oct in gentle ti-lne.. while grouped abot in pleaslla I ..'r.gulrit, t graceful lightviAt added a .lora of itsown ht ties iaadeeaps. Aeda~cera grectile ltgtsw ey glet varying di wst andd ' eery diroetionn iha gleam of eater cauah' -- "a as ltto lakes of ihntaestie Sl somep olatsa wr of grest depth, and others macat? ylae ndpreaitesd teomvrd the rays of the ri?.sb a sad reflected them to ties eye fthe sg T leaves of the tallwb iy}? observer. T~' leaves f the tall gm , parkled tih reeamne matude trees of fal eyleand as the slight ut-d md te an- qouivr, and the adherent rin-dre s also caught the whit sra, ae dh rm hceted trbem hack in tha mnycoleared hue of the ranbo w. The vibrating with the various sounds, and hea ith th xl dours of a :Spring mornmi in th e Au site? bush. The musteel note of the magpie saer shed from every tree an thae d-arhe only stopped his sweetanote asceiona g sot gste made a eavage dart at anyone este darei to cohe near the nest where his mate wae attending h meL young brood. At a safe disnean ce. ugp o solemnlookhing nativo cempanions could Ih res engaged in picking up the early wtorm, white or°e eow andeagain they would seund a note of a0ser and then set to partners and chased, to teach cam ether, like amiable lunatics, dancing, on atteila. stald stilts. In•the mte. .lmo the bays wec goeing elong he fine style, and theiar regular patter pater on the turf;made a joyous music, wlhich a hnd in with, sII-the surroundings oft a glorious morning, and sent the life-blood of old and young boundinhg through Lt veins like qutoekslver. Henry blait. land mat them at the door of his house, let the party.did'not enter;. Tie happy huntineg gronds were iurtlher an, so they immediately made a start sr th Wrrrahtt swamp y • -Them-was a tent lelady pitchedand the ladies were loft to skateth and'amuse themselres, while the sportsmen proceeded to the eput where the snipe wereo seen. , ope It looked a very likely spot indeed. A rich, black swamp with pleaty of cover. Here and there were clumps of scacia, while round the edge of the swamp, giant red gums spoke of continuous moistur?. 1 resontly, daitland's dog--a ood. enoeegh-ltahig peiter, hbut badly' broken : blundered shoed, and startled a couple of brace of snipe, wiich rose' with a whirr out of range, and made strigt h for the other end of the swamp, Maitland salled in his dog with a curse ; andhe put his gun suddenly to his shoulder, as i hto shoot the animal, but thought better of it, and contented himself with throwing a steno at Idm SPresently, the snipe began to crisin ones and twos, and the guns were banging away merrily. Victor was a good starot, and made some brilliant execution with his right and left barrel; but, for steady and unerring preeision, lie tiad to yield to Campbell, who never missed wit his right, and rarely with his left. Maitland shot fairly, in his turn beoating Detective Smith, whoso shooting evidently indicated want of practice. The snipe were now rising thick and fast, and there was an almost continuous fusillnde, wich at length ceased, as the birds that remained took flight fot another swamp about two miles distant. IBofore returning to lce ladies, the sportsmen sat down :to' indulge in a smoke and to count the game in their bhgs. There was the usual sperting talk, largely .egotsticeal, and wonderfully imatie native as to remarkable shots, whihlt appears hte a noesesity on these occasions ; but with this we .willt: nbt trouble the reader. Henry aInitland seemed in no very amiable mood. Tice coneeree. lion bhad turned into a ciannel whicih did not please him., It hinged upon the woandernful wy in whichl'mhrder is brougit ,t light. Detective Smith was eull of pleasing anecdotes ns to the fortuitous, way in whioch evidence is sometimes forthecoming. ,' Ho : instanced a case wilere a nephew had mucrdered his uncle because thie old man was too long in dying. Tihe ncloe ad ap. parentlybeeoon killed by tfallig down n well. Tie nephew washtli heir, and assumed such a natural Sappearanee of chastened grief, that no suspicion of foul play arose, and the old mall was buriled. But tile. noplow seemed haunted witlh some kind of hIorrid fascination ite talking about tihe deatle of his -uncl-t-and in combatting en- idea which no. body but himself ted.,entertained, that his death was othler than accidental. Then the nephew be gan to drink, and straneo expressions fell from hiet lips while half maudlinm. P'ubli suspicio wans aroused, the whole of the surroundiegs of the affair were. minutely ;examind. Faint links of evidenc were accumulated, alt pointing In thle on direction; at length the body was disinterred. Clhtched in the hands of the dead man were dis. covered a' few hairs, which a micrescopi exami-t nation provedi to belong to tle nephew. Tide was the ast linkin the chaoin. -" Bllah I "broke in Mitland with a curse ; " this is the old geody-goody story of the nnrsery, under a new form. Of coarse tihe naephw committed suicide, and then lived long enougl to confess, I know all about it." "No, my dear ir," ;contined Smith, quietly, " lie did not commit suicide and confess. Ho we fouid guilty and hanged." Malltaend rose with a mattered imprecation, and strode towards his gun, wicch bend left Ianing againast trce.. In his way he came within reach of his unfortunate dog, and he rented his wrath upon the animal by giving it a itioeus kick. Tie poer brute, with a yelp of agony msr ed away; and, in )is flight, knocked orer his master's gun, whl~ch, xeplodig as it lfell, thie charge struck Maitl?d in the head, and he fell to the ground apparently a lifeless corpse. S CHAPTER VI. or days IHenry Maitland lay in a semieon scious state.' Tihe charge Imd struck Iam il, lie temple:tandliterally blow. a piece of ile skull away oxposhe the brain. Tihe gull, wihen it oex. fleed; was wetthin'a few .feet of tee, and tihus tho chargd had iot time to scatter. It was noted by the servants, and commented upon by then, in ewe struck whispcrs, that tics wound was ite tihe same spot'exactly as that whitch killed Walter ltaitlned. '•.Whon,'at length, ht came to a state of consciorus aess, it was evidnet that iis recovery was hoipeless. But tie feelings of tie wretched mao wore strangely, mixed with shame and remorse, whaien ice found thlat the constant and wntehtul attead ,nta who ministered to him in his ieltplesscess and agony, were Lucy and her mother. Timcgh, allI his delirium, visions of an angel face and soft pitying eyes Itad floated tlrough his brain, mixed awIlth sonic horribleo phantasmagoria of his past evil life. The one, the bright vision, was the reality ef Lucy ; the other horrid spectres were tho past impressions of his evil deeds which had left their indelibleo imprint upon Ida soul, and whice were revivified by the appreach of death. lBut in all his delirium ha had never drepped a hint of the terrible tragedy sufficiently clear to on lighten Lucy or ier mother. He babbled of bnhsl Ing guns in a language that, to theom, was ineom prehensibte. But when Victor Loeviso and Dote? tire Smith heard him, there was a looed of ltght tirown upon the dark past. IH He"nry cailland tad lived he would have been in danger of the gal' lows ; but he did not live, and, before ee died, confessed his crimes--not to Lucy, ice could not do that- but to his naitl bour Campbell, waho took ids dying depositioes. lefore his death hie wasted ho make a will, leaving the whoelo of the property to Lucy and tier motlier; but tits was eato" sidered unnecessary, as the identifiecation of Wnater fIrown with Walter Msaitland tIed establtieted tlie estatus of wile nnd daughter and the property of thieoae t Writer .Initlsdd of rbiet eelonged to tioem. Victor Lvston and Lucy lMaitland were married in November, T'hereo we great rejacings at Iiargoonm and tie woalshed was tereed ilto a bnlt.crom, wee nall the shearers, ant boundaryriders, and smart young men for twenty mites eround brought thceir girls aed danced till deylighct. Aad tIhen the omart young men put their pretty girl partners on horseback, or into buggies, or waggonettes, mo whcatever mode oi conroyance tleoy preferred, and took tlhem heomo thcroughe th cool Imtoreber morning, beteore thehot le u ad time to rym u thle s rkling dew drops from tidile ss wldce wavoep so cool and green all arund them. Til bride and bridegroom departed for Tasmtani;ubht thety came bee e ntime to eat thiir Oheristmns dinnecer at Yambar, cwiere tile old lady tied stket up ter odo. Of conrsoe, the Cemphelis were hence, seed lots en otter frloeadsi aned, eltlcocgh ci was be tet toeetenagIteo tenetten tenecis end "as too ne ot for d incing, ty we tea l tee s tal he eroauot in the oveeing. w otoo oy sit es tihe verantah sned talk t and listen to Lucy end otheer happy girls singing, is, tie intervals of ds ying cards, or otheor indoor gamreS. Toll yn'ers l ...... fled nw alay sn?vtile~ aavfots tso ilare a eau tueh tlico bolverory peer, steer lice siceerleg Is fenistt, lice wooleiccat l mbeac is etenaed for a dancee. Tiho tee. rmniehet wad balets that care not gons to town servo as smeu parta for toug tablen, wlere a gorgeous supp- aI sot out; tice rafters are hung iwll festoons of lowers aend blossomns, and a hand of music icam otsncereet to elhi e ,ei a hondtre eanples in tio ts inspiring sirans. Tics dancing is vigorous, and in god time for the cslogee of eambar and surronding statiens awn ew ni Tesrpicore. tIr. and lre. Lovisoae ar thele Stior ru so and with tlo am ares for hefirst lif-h~tour 0 , , wen-o acoeplo of sturdy bhys, cwto look on wits w aonu end admiration, ut theC gorgeous vieon of Jaio end Mcary-Ann, tIlo housomaidsm nad ]inde, tio coak; Ind Eupltemin, the ....o re yi fng, hr~d i?. h arms f tei n resp utive yers, it heeit cthg stralin of tics "Dluo Dsnube,:>. - - 