 THROUGH TASMANIA, No. 16. [By our Special Correspondent]. Cheshunt-house is 10 miles from Deloraine, along a good road, of which eight, to the ford, are on the Westmoreland side of the Meander River, never going very far from its banks, and principally through level bottom land, which reaches the bases of the Western Tiers and Quamby Bluff, towering high on the south, and from four to seven miles off. There are a few hills rise in this plain, the Beefeater, for instance, a ridge whose conspicuous parts are two conical out- crops of crystalised sandstone pushing through the surrounding basalt to a height of about 200ft. from the river level. The road winds through a pass between these. A second look at Calstock homestead and the home paddocks convinces me irrigation would double the value of the latter, and indeed might be almost indefinitely extended. The site of the house commands an extensive view of the surrounding hilly country, and almost the whole of the township of Delo- raine, and is admirably situated every way. Shearing is proceeding. A mile and a half or so along the road are a few farms on the bottom land, with several paddocks under crop and a quantity of new land broken up. I imagine drainage is more wanted here than irrigation. Between Calstock-house and the Ford there are over 5,000 acres of good grazing and agricultural land with the rung timber standing and an enormous quantity of fallen deadwood wanting burning off. It would pay Mr. Field to plant villages of dairy people on clearing leases of this ground. It cannot now carry a fourth the stock it would if cleared, drained, and sown. The crops mentioned on the cleared farms do not look much after the eye has been used to the growths of Longford and Westbury, but I am told the land produces better than present appear- ances promise. Near the ford is a property called Pleasant Park, owned by Hall Bros., and rented by Mr. Samuel Badcock, of Hagley. It is used only as a sheep and cattle run. I was unable to get the acreage and number of cattle, the manager being away; but there are 800 cross-bred ewes with their lambs. The manager's wife is a pleasant looking young woman of 25, with manner and speech much above the ordinary. She has four children between the ages of five years and 11 weeks. The cottage is comfort- able and clean and has a useful garden. Whilst making enquiries, her father, Mr. Purton, who is chief assistant to Mr. Bowman at Cheshunt, turned up and offered to ferry me over the ford behind him on horse- back. I wished to have a bathe, however, higher up stream, so declined. A third of a mile up the river has a sharp bend, and falls over a natural boulder dam several feet in divided rapids. On one side the land is being cut away by the acre, and deposited on the other, quite an island being formed in one place. The first stratum is boulder, then shingle, then soil, driftwood, and leaves. Trees and scrub have taken firm roothold, bind the whole together, and collect all further deposit as floods subside and leave the silt. Among the young trees were numerous chirping blue birds, red rosellas, minahs, and the sweet-noted magpie made it pleasant to the ear from an overhanging grove. I stripped and crossed the fall, carrying my clothes and small swag. Ten or 15yds. dead slow, with bare limbs, through ice-cold water a couple or 3ft. deep, and rushing 20 miles an hour, produced a sensation which made me glad of a foothold on the higher spots of dry boulders, for with the rough uncertain bot- tom of round and angular stones, and the intense cold of the swift streaming water, my feet were benumbed and painful. Three or four stages like this fetched the nether bank. But for the dry, stony islets standing up from the rapids, enabling me to spell while circulation and sensation were restored to my feet and ankles, it is possible the clothes and swag would have been jetti- soned, and the crossing effected on all-fours. The salvage lower down and drying process before a bush-fire was saved by the dry in- tervals. The sensation, some folks like par- ticular, resembled what an intense galvanic current will produce at instep and ancles, and the cornered shingle on the bare soles excited a feeling like what prodding with hot iron would. There is a deep pool 50yds down stream, whose margin on the Devon side is a beach of irregular waterworn stones and shingle, a bathing place par excellence, which steeps to from nothing to several feet in a few paces. T'he opposite bank is a cliff, being undermined and washed away by the reverse process to that which made it. Its lower strata is of similar stone and shingle to the beach. The waters of the Meander are always cold, for it is comparatively only a short distance from where trickling cascades from snow capped heights combine at its source, to where it joins the Esk. I had my bathe in the icy pool, and after the first plunge felt glorious. In less than ten minutes I was red hot, and if rigged in cotton drills and a light flannel, felt as if I could have balled off 20 miles without a halt easily. Cheshunt estate is the centre of what at some time must be considered an important part, capable of employing and supporting a large population. It has Calstock, Pleasant Park, Daisy Plains, and the tiers surround- ing it, and much of its area (about 5,000 acres) belongs to an extent of bottom land of over 50 square miles. There are a few ridges and isolated hills standing out of this plain, one on the N.W. standing right across, and at its western extremities almost meeting the Tiers. Through this narrow the plain opens again, but is not so extensive or so uniformly level. Here are Wesleydale parts of Caveside, Mole Creek, and Chudleigh. The hills standing across the Daisy Plains side from W. to E. have their sides partially cleared. Messrs. Woodbury, Symmons, and Walker have excellent dairy farms on the plain and hillside, and Messrs. Wm. Gibson and Son, of Scone and Native Point, also possess a large acreage of this magnificent and fertile lake bottom, and some warm hilly sheep and cattle ground rising from it. Parallel to the Daisy Plain ridge, beyond the valley of Chudleigh, are the ranges whose chief points, Gog and Magog, are the gates of the Mersey. A good map is, however, the best help to a proper understanding of the locality. From Cheshunt-house, which is two miles past the ford, Quamby Bluff bears S. 50deg. E. six or seven miles. It is not nearly so precipitous on the side now visible as on those seen from Westbury or Deloraine. It slopes gradually toward a deep indentation of the Tiers, terminating in a valley near their base. Between the Bluff and Mother Cummins Head, another prominent landmark of the Tiers, bearing S. 60deg. W., from the house two miles, a horse-shoe glen of several miles round ap- pears, and on both sides are certain nume- rous patches of dead wood, and occasional clouds of smoke denote when the pioneer is at work subduing the forest. There are about 25 families and a few hatters located in these wilds, holding from 50 to 320 acres each, making a living splitting, dairying, stock- raising, and general farming. The time did not permit of paying a visit. My sketch of Rosevale in many points would fit this scattered settlement, only these good people have no school, and their country is much more rugged and steep. Cheshunt is the property of Mr. F. J. Bowman, and consists of nearly 12,000 acres. The lake table-land overlooking it, and one might say nearly the whole country besides, is a highway in a double sense. From Connorville side Mr. Erskine Parker told me he had crossed to Bothwell in two days. Mr. Bowman has ridden through from this side in the same time. I had a great desire to ascend the rugged Cummins peak to obtain a comprehensive view of the lowlands and lake country, including the Great Lake. Mr. Bowman would have facilitated the journey by providing horseflesh and accom- panying, but that he was suffering some in- convenience through a slight hurt to his knee. Cheshunt-house is of brick, two stories high, is of plain design, and painted light buff. It stands on a natural terrace within an en- closure of about eight acres, and has a garden and shrubbery in the rear. The front faces east, and presents a gable somewhat orna- manted by the pediment resting on the plain capitals of equally plain shafts in relief. The cornices and sills of the windows and corner quoins are relieved with white. The larger half of the building is at right angles with this and its front stands back 8ft. or 10ft., which is covered in with a verandah, supported on posts, with filagree ironwork, arches between. The place, though a little odd-looking to a critic, owing to the original design not having been completed, is very comfortable, and altogether pleasant-looking. It has a fruit garden, and thickly-planted shrubery in the rear, among the train of which the pines, cedars, cypresses and elms are prominent. There are also some very fine laurels, and what are not commonly met in cultivated grounds. Several celery tops, pines, and two or three waratahs, the latter in full- flower. The owner, I believe, pro- poses to add a new front and part of a wing to the house and to lay out an enclosed shrub- bery,lawn and garden,which will add much to its appearance. Fruit grows most abun- dantly, and to the present the codlin has given no trouble, though at Pleasant Park, two miles away, nearly all the apple crop goes. Small fruit is plentiful wherever the bushes or canes are planted. The heavy gusts of winter, either off the mountains or across the plain, are too severe for the brittle pine trees, cutting them short off at the tops. In the eight acre enclosure sur- rounding the house are several fenced-in clumps of ornamental trees. The hedge, by the gate opposite and a furlong away, is of hawthorn and yellow and white broom, the latter both pretty and fragrant. The men's and families, dwellings are to the south of the house, and are neat, clean, and com- fortable, and mostly have corrugated roofs. All are buff-coloured. Before leaving the neighbourhood of the homestead, I must describe a bail and appli- ance useful for branding, marking, and operating on cattle, which has common sense to recommend it, and by which 150 per cent. more work can be done by a given number of men in a given time than by the old method of roping, which is rough on animals and men. From the stockyard a race of any length, say sufficient to hold 20 or 30 cattle single file, is put up, having a Y entrance from one corner. At the place of operations, which is also the entrance to another yard, is a strong bail, having its lever socketed between par- allel scantlings, flush with the ground, let in the side posts and solidly bolted. The up- per part moves between similar scantlings at a proper height, and has holes for holding peg when the bullock is secured. The lever has a tail-rope for the man on the near side to pull as one on the off pushes and secures, or vice versa, according to the side on which the branding is to be done. A strong pile is set in the ground in a position nearly plumb to the loin of an ordinary beast, and in this are socketed the ends of two bail levers a foot or so apart, each of these also having tail ropes for the near side man to hold. The reason of having two levers here is to suit a large or small beast. There is a strong gate on the working side, which opens the whole panel, and if thought proper there may also be a gate exposing the beast's side on the other, but the rail must be stout and strong across where the bullocks will be pressed by the loin lever, and a fixture. Having filled the race the bail men secure the first beast, when the off side gate is opened and he is pinned to the opposite side by one of the loin levers and operated on. No directions are needed for releasing him and going on with the work. Two hundred and fifty head a day is not considered extraordinary at Cheshunt. By the old roping system 100 would be a heavy day's work. For some time the sheep on one part of the estate—800 acres of hillside and low- lying sodden ground—have been subject to a disease which was thought the Cumberland disease, but Mr. John Field, and gentlemen I have spoken to since taking these note say it is " black rot." The sheep which keep to the hillside, which is chocolate soil, therefore marks them, are free from it, but clean ones, indicating continuance on the damp clean grass of the flats, suffer and die. The condition of the animal makes no difference, fat as well as lean are attacked. No symp- toms of anything wrong appear during life, and even a minute or two after feeding they have been seen to stagger, fall, and die. As the manager states, "They do well till the moment they drop." For several years in succession this part of the year was the most fatal, but now they do well all summer, and in winter die. The post mortem conditions are peculiar. The carcase becomes offensive within six hours, and the skin cannot be got off unless at- tempted almost the moment of death. The liver rots in a few hours, so that it will not hold its own weight if lifted by any part, but falls asunder. Two fat cattle off the same pasture died also, and exhibited pre- cisely similar symptoms and post mortem conditions. In February and March last 1,126 cross- bred ewes had access to the marsh ; 38 died of the disease. It was then noticed that none of the dead were frequenters of the higher ground. Between April 27 and November 2, 247 sheep have died thus. Several lambs have also died. The crows will not touch the carcases, neither will cats or devils. About 100 out of 800 ewes at Pleasant Park died of the same disease on that property. The dangerous part in Cheshunt is being fenced off for security in the winter. There are plenty of cats and devils in the hill country. Purton tells of a devil they caught in one of the pens of the shearing shed some years ago. He was prowling about after no good, and the dogs ran him in. He weighed 47lb. Mr. and Mrs. Bowman have just returned from their wedding trip round the globe, tra- velling westward the whole time. They thus have one day less in the year 1883 than those of us who stayed at home have ; and it is the first year they ever had a day drop out of. There is often great fun crossing the 180th meridian, particularly if Sunday is dropped in coming West. Many people were met in many lands who had no idea where Tasmania was. On the Great Pacific Railroad, between Omaha and Ogden, a re- porter queried, after getting the names, "Where are you from?" "Tasmania." With a keen look this time, "Where?" "Tasmania." "How do you spell it?" " T-a-s-m-a-n-i-a." " What State is it in ?" " It's in no State ; it's an island situated to the South of Australia." "H'm." Many persons, after finding out that Tasmania was in the Australian Colonies, seemed dubious as to the travellers' claim to be considered natives ; they thought Australians must be black. In Switzerland Mr. and Mrs. Bow- man called on an excellent family, the parents and relatives of a man who till lately worked at Cheshunt, but who recently became a freeholder on the mountain side above. He's true Swiss to the backbone, and must be near the mountains. The people were delighted to have a message from their own flesh and blood—but these scenes cannot get justice in type. Mr. Bowman speaks well of the Swiss. The lady who acted as interpreter did so with reluctance born of fear she could not satisfy in the matter. She had acted in that capa- city to a party of Americans, and had a hard time. Perhaps the Americans were from Drogheda, originally. Anyhow our Tas- manian English gave her no difficulty. She was pleased with herself and those she served owing to the facility with which both parties understood each other. Bearing down from San Francisco, Mr. Roberts, a celebrated Californian breeder of Merinos was bringing 100 sheep of his own breeding for sale to Sydney. These are not his choicest ; another consignment of his very best were to follow. He intends purchasing some studs from our best Austra- lian flocks, also some pure Hereford cattle. For twelve years Mr. Roberts managed a sheep farm in California, but has launched out now on his own account. I believe he is the breeder of the Californian sheep I re- ferred to in my paper on Scone. He made enquiries about the sheep and the Messrs. Gibson. It appears two horse dealers going to Sydney induced him to entrust some Merinos to their care for sale, his price being £40 each. If they sold well they agreed to take another hundred sheep. They sold the sheep in Sydney, but never accounted for the money, but got back to California and bought up rams at £3 each which they brought to Sydney, and swindled people into believing these were pedigree sheep. A very large portion of the Cheshunt bottom land has canals and drains cut through and can be irrigated in a few hours. Mr. Field, the Messrs. Gibson, Symmons, and Woodbury have similar land. It is extremely rich, and would stand cropping five or six times without hurt or need of manure. It is almost too good in fact. The Meander is tapped, and supplies many of the irrigation canals and several natural streams in the Meander watershed and cut into perfectly straight canals, such as the Dairy Rivulet, Dalebrook, etc. About 16 to 20 men are employed con- yinually clearing the land, fencing, and at- tending to irrigation work. Since the pur- chase of Cheshunt over 2,000 acres have been cleared, broken up, and sown with English grasses, which grow luxuriantly. The pad- docks are about 80 acres each, and heavily stocked, yet the cattle make little impres- ision on the feed. Oats, when sown, grow to perfection, in fact, as already said, the ground as almost too good. One paddock was pointed out by a man who has been more or less here all his life which was one year sown with oats. He said they got sick and tired of carting the crops away. The sheaves overlapped one another in their rows, and but little space between. Six thousand acres of the estate are hill and valley bush, with good feed throughout generally, and 1,000 acres near the western break, close to Deloraine, is poor and stony, but covered with excellent, useful timber, which must ultimately be profitable so near railways. About 25 fat cattle are sent away fort- nightly to Carrick sale. They are all grass- fed. The reason Mr. Bowman does not send to Hobart market is because there is no way of transhipping cattle from the western line to the main line trucks at Evan- dale-road without driving them between two and three miles. The M.L. Railway has lost hundreds of pounds through this want. Many graziers, rather than bother with tran- shipping, and perhaps losing a beast now and then, send to Carrick, and are satisfied with lower prices than they could get at Hobart. Thus Hobart suffers through a large supply being diverted elsewhere, and Launceston benefits, or, at any rate, the butchers do. This want of railway facility for cattle is a cattle tax on the South ; 170 grass-fed cows, from Cheshunt, were sold this year at Carrick at an average of £9 10s. 1½d. ; 170 steers brought £10 17s. 71/8d. Last year 80 brought £11 ; a late draft (25), realised £11 13s. 2d. Mr. Propsting, of Hobart, bought 24 bullocks at £15 5s. As- sume the average of the 240 beasts to be 900lb. this meat cost the butcher, at the sale, less than 3d. per lb. About 3,000 crossbred Lincoln and Leices- ter ewes are run, to which Merino rams are used. The produce, either as sheep or lamb, is good for the butcher or the wool but the crossing must there stop. A Victorian squatter of large experience, whom Mr. Bowman met, said he had 7,000 lambs of this cross which turned out splendid, giving a good fleece of useful wool, and making a large-framed weighty sheep which fattened well. I mentioned much the same in No. 12, about one of the Westwood farmers who is succeeding with this experiment. The ladies of the S.P.C.A., who interest themselves in training our children to enter- tain kind thoughts towards the brute crea- tion, may be glad of an authentic instance of sagacity in a dog. During the absence of the owner of Cheshunt, one of the men took his sheep dog off the chain. He followed a little way, but then left and could not be induced to work for a stranger. Mr. B. was away seven and a half months, and on his return loosed the dog and took him out. He worked for him quite up to his old form, and by every means a dog knows testified to his joy at seeing his master back. It is nothing uncommon toward the cave country for water to pour down chasms, flow away, and boil up to the surface at a lower level, and repeat the performance. About a mile and a half westerly of Cheshunt-house the earth has caved in bodily, leaving a hole about 15ft. to 18ft. deep. The south side is a cliff of slate, broken short off across the cleavage. A considerable stream of water, about a sluice head now, pours over in a cascade, and passes away underground. This is a phenomenon on nearly level land. The slaty outcrop underlays S.W., and the water flows away at the S.E. comer. The man who showed me this place is named Bailey, a fine good-looking fellow, over 6ft. high, and who has lived about here, off and on, since childhood. He has worked on the East Coast tin mines, and road contracts there. On the whole, considering the rough living, risk of becoming a rheumatic old man before he is over being a young one, the wear and tear and price of clothes, absence from friends, etc., he prefers working here on 12s. per week, housing and rations, to there on 8s. per day, and says he can save nearly as much. This man has the name of being a good workman from his master, and as to strength has been known to carry a bag of flour half a mile on rough hilly ground, part up hill, without a spell. I was kindly entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Bowman, and treated to a piece of wedding cake, the top story of which had been kept, while they were away. It was very good, and I think the only piece of wedding cake I have tasted since '69, when I took a contract involving the ceremony of buying one. My journey across four or five miles of level country, and through canals, or over them, parrot fashion on a round spar, was uneventful. The dairy farms noted as belonging to Messieurs Sym- mons and Woodbury, are indeed grand pas- tures, and some grain looks splendid. A boy from Symmons' was commissioned to put me on a track, which would carry me through the bush to Mr. Ritchie's farm at Chudleigh ; but after a while I struck a track for myself, and came out in about 3½ miles behind Mr. Norman Cameron's new house, close to the inn. The Chudleigh Inn is a very comfortable one, in a thoroughly Eng- lish dairy and farming district, about which I have walked many miles. This paper is long enough, so I must leave Wesleydale, the caves, and ascent of the tiers for another time. Chudleigh, November 8. 