THE hazardous nature of the miner's occupation has received annthnr and most painful illustration by what occurred yesterday morning in the Maryborough district Four men had ontered the cage at the Duke mine, Timor; to go below to work, when, inBtead of the cage bang lowered, it was hauled up to the poppet- heads, with the usual sequence. The connections between the cage and the hauling apparatus were cent asunder; and in a moment or two the cage was lying at the bottom of the shaft, gmnatipd, and the four men were subsequently found quite dead, owing to fcheforceof the concussion. Thus passBed away, like a flash of lightning, four fine healthy men, who had gone to their work, little tfiiniring how soon the thread which held them to this world would be snapped, or how true it is that " in the midst of life we are in death as the Biblical paBBage relates. The original cause of this terrible event is not at present very dearly explained, although rumor ^ives it thus —that the brake was off the engine, and, therefore, when the braceman signalled to the driver that the cage was going the wrong way, the driver WBB unable to reverse the engine in time to prevent tie disaster. Sopposing this rumor to be sound, the cause of the accident is plain enough. The engine-driver was guilty of neglect j and although there is no recalling the four lives unhappily lost, the culprit will no doubt be dealt with by the authorities as he merits. Or, if the unfortunate accident arose from some other cause, for which the engine-driver is to blame, the same result will befall him. Bat this element in the cue, it ie only fair to the mginn. driver to leave alone for the present, -so that he may have a fur field before him when the investigation into the deplorable . event takes place. But there is the other element in the case, which need not be dealt with in any chary, or hesitating, spirit,. more especially' as it is really one which, in the interests of working miners, demand should be dealt with by the proper authorities on die instant. This element is to be found in the fact, that although the cage WBB fitted with safety appliances, the cage shot to the bottom of tiie shaft, as "though no eucfa appliances were-connected, with it. "Why WBB this? Why did the safety appliances fail to act when their services were so seriously required ? We do not, pretend to be able to answer this question; bnt we are quite prepared to Bay this much. That there is too much latitude allowed by die authorities and the law as to what safety cages shall be employed at the mines; end the result is to withhold from the miner that protection to which he is manifestly entitled. Any crack- brained theorist is allowed to put a Eew cranks and wheels, or springs together, and call his work a safety cage; and if it jwimpn thrunch the most cuieory or commonplace trial, the authorities and the law allow the ogB to be need._ What is the result? Plainly and emphatically, that not more than periixps one or two of these cagee out of twenty are safety cages at all; for the moment AB rest one wanted to do their work they utterly Sail to Tealise the object for which thoy were constructed. They go to the bottom like logs of wood, or lumps of Btone, destroying lives, and smashing property, amd shocking As community by lhefll conBequennes which they produce. Who was fle inventor nf . the Dnke safety cage we do not - know, JSeiSier do we know why the safety, appliances in tins particular ease ^Bya -to act. But this ift do knor, ^ut 'tin livfifl of Ae msnejn all over lbs goldfields are kept in a , constant-state of peril by ths loonenees S. with which inventors are allowed to anyiat ttdr crarae, and ljyniinins companies, in -tbe best of foiih, of course, mcoepting these inventions as pecEecfiy- riMfc sri «und5 *nd Sub jisril nnQ . ^ Joasaasn %ecn completely TemeSied. It-will oat diBgfHKriumjtfl usage IB •Bowed at a ,azone . »llh«ll!j8. ffwE been snbjected to the nikVaaGHil _ cagesare to tt* the little mut of railea^cr ihe sppnant tbexoBdveB « littte nnty, nr (b eS^rftlv out e£ geav«ad considering also bow apt men tire to become a little careless in their work when they have the notion in their heade that if anything glinpM go wrong with the rapes, chains, hooks, or enginfiB, there are safety appliances to prevent a disaster. The occurrence at the Dnke mine yesterday morning is truly appalling; and tbe deepest regret will be Mt for the deaths of these four unfortunate men wherever the details are read. Bat it will not, by any means, be the l&Bt of the same kind of fatality which will occur, if anything that is called a B&feiy cage is allowed to be used at the mines, providing only that it passes through a mere perfunctory or casual kind of test. On the contrary, we shall have plenty of these occurrences; fast the same as they wonld 'be minimised, if not wholly swept away, were the plan enforced by the authorities, as we have outlined above, and as the least reflection will be sufficient to ohow ie the only rational way to deal with the question. For it is said that there are one or two safety cages in use at the mines worthy of their name; and, if EO, then the authorities Bhould insist upon these cages being used, to the exclusion of all the rest, or until something better, or at least as good, has been invented. There will, of course, be an investigation into tins terrible Duke accident; and it should be an enquiry, thoroughly efficient, and searching, letting no man escape who is in any way to blame for causing BO deplorable an event. But there must also be a thorough reform in tbe way in which "safety cages" are allowed to be employed at the mines. Otherwise, a wrong to the miners will manifestly be continued on, and the Amending Regulation of Minna anil Machinery Act might just as well have s never been carried. A WOED or two about the railways. In a day or two we shall" be into that period when business at the railways is pretty brisk, and people go from one place to another to spoid the holidays. A few brief remarks, therefore, upon what usually occurs at this time will not be out of place; and, also, let us hope, not be without its uses. To begin with, we would make an appeal to the authorities on behalf of those persons -who are employed in bringing oat the duly newspapers. They include editors, reporters, compositors, machinemen, and a number of auxiliaries whom we need not more particularly specify. These persons obtain but one holiday during the whole carnival, namely, Christmas Day, having to work all through the rest of the period as though no carnival was being held. If the trains arrive at the advertised minute, newspaper men's time is not taken up more than usual. But if the trains arrive late, as they generally do, from Christmas Eve to about the end of the first week in January, then the delay thus inflicted upon newspaper men makes a severe strain, upon their good tempers as. well as upon their health; and the fact of most other people then enjoying themselves only adds to the annoyance experienced. We appeal to the authorities, therefore, to insist upon the trains keeping good time between now and the end of the junketti&g season; and we are quite sure that if the authorities do this, newspaper men will feel quite genially grateful. Next we would ask that there should be some relaxation with regard to the barrier system at the stations. It is quite right to keep all loungers and stragglers off the platform when there is Each an increased traffic. But we don't think it is right to prevent fathers and mothers from seeing their children off by the trains, or vice versa, on these holiday occasions. It causes a great deal of unnecessary vexation, and not infrequently leads to daughters and wives, for example, travelling alone, getting into compartments where the company is more hilarious than pleasing. We would ask, therefore, in this connection, that platform-tickets should be sold to all decent persons having friends and relations to see off by the trains; and as the number of these persons would not be conspicuously large, the traffic would certainly in so way be inconvenienced by this concession. Next, we would ask that the ticket windows be kept open from the time the first train starts in the morning nntil the last train has gone out at night, without a angle break occurring in this convenient arrangeuient. Hitherto the practice has been to open tbase windows, about a quarter of an hour, or ten minutes, before' the train starts, and such a poshing, and squeezing, and incommoding arise as no. civilised community ought to have to witness. This practice produces no end of profanity, and causes women and goodsized offspring to be dealt with as so properly- constituted savage -would treat them. All this would be avoided by die change we suggest—a change which all healthy will see the wisdom of; and, therefore, we trust to find these ticket windows open for the sale of ticket® for the - time we indicate above, and no end o£ gratification will be caused among the travelling public, we are. quite sure, l>y this request being granted. Compliant attention bong pud by the railway authorities to these three appeals, would give satisfaction of a very comprehensive kind; and it is to lie hoped, -therefore, that such reasonable attention «nll be forthcoming. Strang exprextaoa wasyesterday given by •the City Ckiimcil to its opinion tl^t Bdluft was entitledtaacannrcr. Gmmcfllor Morrison mOTed tiiat tiie membeni for tiie district rrqneatrflJtPjggsa jthejeoessity of appwnta oorooer on tbe (roveraniezit. Onmolur 1 fcgr T in anrotifl'ig t*" wnfr", wrf^rraa fa the f-J •"•itnjj nf SO many small ipolice eoarla,' which, of course, increased the work rf As police magistrate. "His said -that a police ixmrthad rasotlybeeo initiated inAlleodrfe, only throe mki bom QranncJc, and' having bns connection several times duly. He afapgfci wmli Mmla to be tra]oea, by which» groat deal of e cotdfl lie saved. OuuinntlfirOaTfamrgt that the-JiQnBWrF-justices were <vety mndi handicapped. Tbrjhinaaejl, fas had*tea*iy a y milwt tsHriE iieoa&cse tiiey were saUgma ini^iliKsiiit The motion: was tiun oswL jia^iwjiw pfriairiMiia to «e.-l_ tmUio «tont tiuatissSaatynar, dai^teita mihiiififaajBmWHarete - v - -the ^Wafers xaijway ^ J ^ f S l n ? * mij^ . . . ^lIeibouT ti the Cjwwiet dietaet. eVflSnannto^a ibB aottinsn : feooth Ansizslia,4 w, with the tn Cotuuallor Claxton at the City Board o( Health meeting yesterday afternoon, referred to a statement that tbe gaol cesspits were emptied into the Grant street sewer. He thought it was disgracefni that such a state of things existed in connection with a Government institution. 12 it was only done once it was bad enough. The City Boserd of Health will probably take the matter up. An event that has been for some time past exciting considerable interest among a large number of the fair sex took place on Thursday last, the 13th inBtant, at the residence of Mr J. W. Gray, the event being the marriage of his niece, Miss Laverick, to Mr Wm. Taylor, of the produce market. The bride was elegantly attired is white SUB'S veiling, handsomely trimmed with lace, and was attended by_aix bridesmaids, £wo of whom were tastefully dressed in bine nun's veiling, the othersin creamrnrn's veiling, twobeingtrimmedwith -prnk and two with cardinal. The interesting ceremony was jierformed by the Rev. J. W. Inglis, in the presence of a large circle of friends, who afterwards sat down to the wedding breaktast in a large tnarqnee, which was beautifully decorated for the occasion. The catering was in the hands of Mr C. M In tyre, of Bridge street, and was got up in his usual good style. The happy pur left Tor Melbourne by the evening train amidst showers of rice. Mr T. Oarvosso proposes to sluice the whole of the White Fiat from the Woollen Mfll upwards. He yesterday, in asking the City Council for leave, gave particulars of the schema. It is intended to form a cooperative company of 100 shares, and employment will probably be given to from fifty to 100 men. He will level the flat after finishing. Xu conclusion, he invited the council to take shares. The proposal took Councillor Claxton'e fancy. He pointed ont that it would enable Councillor Morrison's idea of having a beautiful reserve made of the White Flat to be carried out. The place wonld be levelled without cost, and a most unsightly spot done away with. The letter was referred to the mining committee. The councillors all eeemed to favor the proposal. At a meeting of tbe Ballarat Swimming Club, held but night, Miss Sheedy, a lady who has large experience, and who was very successful with her pupils last season, was re- engaged to teach swimming in connectian with the ladies' club for the coming season. Minn Sheedy will be in attendance at the baths the" second Tuesday in January next. Tbe times set apart for ladies are Tuesday afternoons, and Fridays from ten a.m. It is to be hoped that the utmost rapport will be given by ladles and gentlemen to tiie club, as • number of persons are drowned yearly thnyngh tiie want of knowledge of swimming, which is a most valuable part of every boy's and girl's education. The mayor of the city, Mr Hickman, has kindly given his patronage to the club. The GrenviUeshire Council offer a liberal reward to any person who will give it in formation of any personleavingfire in thebnsh to the jeopardy of surrounding properly. A bush-fire this season, when the grass is so long and thick, could not but be most destroy tive, and would probably defy «11 efforts to keep it within reasonable dimensions. The council also offer a reward of £5 for the conviction of tbe person or persons who de< strayed the footbridge at the Black Hill hotel, Scarsdale. The twenty.first anniversary of the local Primitive Methodist Sunday school was celebrated by a public tea meeting and service of song in the Societies' Hall, Beaufort, on Monday evening last. The Rev, Robert Allen, pastor of the church, occupied the chair. The tables were supplied by Mr £. Whiting, confectioner, of Noll Btreet, and reflected the greatest credit on him as a caterer. After tea the tables were cleared and tiie musical portion of the entertainment commenced st eight o'clock. This consisted of a musically illustrated service, compiled and arranged from Uncle Tom's Cabin, railed " Eva," and may be described as a sacred opera, tiie intervals between the different hymns, of which there are fourteen, being occupied with readings and selections from Mrs Stowe's work, having reference to the death of Eva. Tbe readings were in the hands of the Rev. H. Heathershaw, from Geelong, whose elocutionary powers gave great satisfaction. The singing of the choir, and tiie accompaniments on the organ by Mr W. C. Thomas, jnn., vrere of a very high order of merit, and showed the amonnt of time and attention their leader and instruc- : tor (Mr Jackson) must have bestowed upon them. Votes of twlrK to file Rev. H. Heathershaw, Mr Jackson, the choir, and all connected with the celebration, were moved by tbe chairman, seconded by Mr William Chellew, and carried. Mr Heathers haw, is responding for himself and the others, remarked that it gave him the greatest pleasure to be once more amongst them, for he had spent three qf the happiest yean of his ministration in Beaufort. After complimenting Mr Jackson, especially as to the last hymn, the meeting closed by those present " ^ing file doxology. It is probable that va" will be repeated shortly, and lovers of m&sic should not miss the next opportunity. Tbe leading singers use tbe tome sol-fa books. Mr Jabez Richards, market inspector, having completed twenty- five years' service in that office, the farmers, produce merchants, and agents doing business in the haymarket, determined on recognising in a fitting manner their appreciation of tiie tray in wmch be bad fulfilled his duties during that long period; and last evening, at the Bnll and Mouth hotel, Doveton street, presented him with a valuable gold watch and chain, suitably inscribed. Mr A. M. Greenfield, in handing over the gift, said it gave him great pleasure to bear testimony to the straightforward character of Mr Richards, who, besides bong always courteous and obliging, had earned tbe unbounded confi- dence of all classes having business in the market. It must be gratifying to Mr Richards, after twenty-five years' service, to know that be continued to merit the esteem of those with whom he had bees brought in daily contact, and he (the speaker) could only wish that the same harmonious relations which had hitherto existed would continue for twenty-five yean more. Mr Greenfield also congratulated the" council on having such an officer, and concluded by wishing Mr Richards continued good health. Mr Richards suitably replied, and one or two appropriate toasts having been drunk, the company separated. The sheds of the Ballarat City Rowing Club are in Buch a dilapidated and dangerous condition that the members are determined to fuKsh tbe new building throughout as soon as possible. Tbe funds of tiie club ase, of cooiec, utterly inadequate for snch a ihrpose, and the members have decided on laving an art-nnion. the tickets for which are now distributed. It is proposed that the drawing shall take place st the end of February, in conj auction with m concert at the Academy, in which tbebest artiste of Victoria trill port. The various prizes will be exhibited in the windows of our leading citizens, and include a piano, suite of furniture, tubular bedstead, chest of drawers, tea and coffee service, and 250 other prizes. The names of the mischievons offenders who smashed no lea tiiail forty-nine windows at tbe Pleasant street State school a few days since have been secured by tiie police. The window-breakers, who are boys, will appear Sri, the Police Court on Friday. John Henry Evans, the railway portor azresfeed previous day at the Westers, railway ghaHion for larceny, -was bought before the Cily bench yesterday, and re- manded > to appear at Gcelong on tiie SStii s instant. Prisoner, wbo has been admitted w to bacil, is charged with the larceny of three kgtB bottles ef champagne and one jartf Cliianw preeervsefrom a truck at the Gamperdown railway station. ionel"Bnjwn appeared atthotSty Police Oomt yesterday to answer a chug* of obtaining a box of cigars from Mr fi. Bade by mease -of false pretences. Prisoner - ^ff^ smd the chairman sf tiie tench and ihat be thongbt the "Colonel" «»nfiH fee committed for trial, as be iiiiiiliisllj a 4iiipnaa ^riiararXw: to be at Urge. Ultimately, however, with.» view to (liuXneagaf the warxinr Jrtthe barer court, be was remanded tin Saturday MXt, in order. to ^1he datge attend to «m tf impo-Godkstea -will be pleased to .team that aegotiations axe proceeding between Mr Brokentinre, astoeUiy of the B.C.C., 'and the New {tenth WaWs internokmial atoviai. vitti a view ef lisviiig »mstehrfayed«nthe fofl^huul tte Sew Tear,^ H.E.W. eleven and a 1 the "BXfcG^ nrnsfitinE Of Sn Baa* VelboQroe first eleven wDl probacy .nnt Ballarat next Saturday, «nd ntay $be jGnt dsven «f tiu> R.UC. The faratOriAgt Canb baa teen ma imturtanaVe Extern lat^ tint it fc totwlio^ea the shore matehsa laHconn! The enrolment for the Volunteer Militia progresses steadily, and Hie last haff-centnry Oat of a total of 256 enrolled at six oclock last evening 170 had been before the doctor, and It is anticipated that very few of these will fail to pass, Those who have not presented themselves for mfdiral examination are requested to do so without delay, in order that valuable time may not fie lost. The City Council does not want any more street bye-lawB at present. Councillor Claxton yesterday proposed that the council should make a bye-law embodying a number of tbe clauses of the crty of Melbourne regulations. These were in reference to the side pedestrians should take when walking on the footpath, in reference to organ-grinders, to street processions, ic. The councillors, however, with two exceptions, spoke against the motion. Councillor Salter thought the footpaths were wide enough in the city, and that the time had not come when people should be compelled to keep to the right. The clause empowering residents to order an organ-grinder away from their bouses might, however, be desirable. Councillor Little thought, as the Salvation Army bad given np its processions, that the clause on that subject was not required. Councillor Lewis also ridiculed the proposed bye-law. He saw no objection to a few poor musicians organ-grinding in the street. Councillor Claxton stated that he could not write a letter the other day owing to an organgrinder being in front of bis place. His proposal was lost by five votes to two. A committee meeting of the Ballarat District Licensed Victuallers' Association was held at Craig's hotel yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr C. B. Finlaysou, in recognition of the valuable services he had rendered the association as honorary solicitor. The gift- consisted of a handsome jewelled locket of Masonic form, supplied by Messrs A. Marks and Co., jewellers, corner of Sturt and Lydiard streets, and Mr Irwin (tbe president), in presenting it, spoke of the respect and high esteem in which the recipient was held by the members, and of the valuable services he had rendered to the association and its members at all times. Mr Irwin concluded by hoping that Mr Finlayson would live long to wear the token of their esteem, and that the association would continue to have his valuable aid. Mr FjnlaysoD, in responding, said it had always given him pleasure at all times to assist the association and its members, but there was one thing he would urge on the association, and that was to be careful in nrtj»£ none bnt respectable persons, wbo .would do them credit. He concluded by tti.nl-Jr.jjr the memben heartily for their kind gift. Tbe healths of Mr FinlayBon, and the president, and other toaeta -were then proposed, and duly responded to. A Sunday-trading case was beard at the Smythesdale Police Court yesterday, the defendant being a Chinese fish- hawkerwbo bad been brongbt up by Constable Wolfe for selling fish in the Haddon Camp on Sunday, 18th November. Mr Gaunt, who appeared for the defence, raised law points enough, and quoted authorities enough, to stagger any ordinary J.P.; to the effect that the local authorities had not taken the proper steps in the matter; that the street was not a place within the meaning of the clause under which tiie prosecution was brought; and that the summons was bad. The case was dismissed by the bench, wbo, however, comlimented Constable Wolfe, of Haddon, on Eis activity in the matter, and cautioned the defendant against a repetition of the offence. Mr Gaunt undertook that the Chinese would not offend in a similar manner again, eo it is likely that Constable Wolfe's action will have the desired effect in putting « stop to the Son day-trading in the Chinese Camp, Haddon, which had become a great nuisance to the respectable inhabitants of the locality. A Government officer visited Ballarat yesterday, for the purpose of ascertaining the best method of carrying away the drainage from the Reformatory, which had previously been run into Lake Wendouree. He put forward two proposals. One was to convey the drainage to Sturt street, and the other to use charcoal filters. The City Council yesterday spent some time in discussing the question. Several councillors objected to the drainage being taken through the city all, stating that it could easily be taken down Waldie's Creek. Mr Wood stated that the Government officer would not bear anything about the latter route. Then some discussion ensued on the cost. The mayor thought the Government should bear the whole cost. Councillor Salter thought the Government should, at any rate, give pound for pound. The question was then referred to the secretary, with a view of having the levels taken and an estimate of the work prepared. The cost will be something considerable. Mr Thomas Stoddart, the well-known sbarebroker, of the firm of Stoddart and Binnie, tdegrapbed from Auckland, New Zealand, yesterday stating that he was on his way home to Ballarat, and was in the enjoyment of good health. The Ballarat Yacht Club annual regatta on Friday next promises, with fine weather, to be quite as great a success as in past years, the entries published in another column bong very satisfactory. The arrangements have, as usual, been made as perfect as possible for the enjoyment of visitors, and the officers of kindred clubs have been invited to be present. Although the shopkeepers of the city and town have arranged to keep open their establishments on that day, consequent on tbe extra Christmas business, a good attendance of pleasureseekers is expected At' Wendouree. The City Board ef Health has been in a fix lately as to the disposal of nightsoil. Tbe board was released yesterday, however, by a letter from Mr F. Victor, who proposes to erect a deodorising establishment a short distance from the Reformatory paddock. It is said that Mr Victor's system is extremely b successful, and the conncsl yesterday agreed to allow tiie nigbtsoil to be deposited where Mr Victor wants it until farther notice. Councillor Lewis does not think people should be encouraged to go on the lake at night. He said so yesterday at tbe City Council meeting when it was proposed that a lamp, with Ted glass, should be placed at the enfrof View Point, to do away with .the danger of a collision between the laden steamers in the evening. Councillor Claxton advised Councillor Lewis to take his "young lady" across the lake in the evening and see if she did not like it. The council agreed to tiie erection of a lamp if the Gas Company consents to charge so much per month. We have reoeived Ivn- 12. of volume L, of the -Australasian Shorthand Writer, edited by Mr Sydney Stott. Tee Writer is a monthly magazine, devoted TO the interests ef journalists and shorthand writers, and is a v»ry inierestiug and useful compilation. With the thn nntnllAT number Ur M-r Rtott Stott iffin«B issues a asmmle- supple-: 1 ment —-.i. with a number v. of r names of writers, --professional and otherwise, who.hive reaped the advantages derived by tbe praetioe of shorthand. In this list appear the name of Judge Higisboiham and other notable public perBoos. A man named George Tomlinsan, residing in Victoria street, Sshastopol, reported to tiie police yesterday, that on Monday he had been robbed of a lady's silver Geneva watch and steel chain. He had returned from Ballarat to stop at a hotel in Bebaatopol, when he discovered that bis watch was missing, and he then repotted the matter to the In connection, with the anniversary services at the Me&odist Free Church, booth treet, a tea meeting was held last night., hen a .goodly number eat down to tea, indly provided by members of the congreation, the following ladies presiding at the ablesMefidaraes MitcheU, Mobbe, and radley; and tbe Misses Roberts and Brew. A public msstisig was subsequently held, at! which Mr Bavid Cooke took the chkhv Addresses were delivered by the Revs. Turner, X Caztey; aiid l&sssrs Ocmsey and Bailey; while the chair nicely rendered several sss- sical selections, The collections were in advance of last year's. A. wtitary drill csmpetitisai was held yajsfaufry Afternoon m the school grousd wnbagpt the senior scholars attemfing tiie Cental State echoed No. 3S. Tbe boys wer» formed into a battalion of josr comwith a tall canglemeafc ai boy tiie whole hmg -under tiie supervisioB of their drill instructors, assisted by several tfthe teachers. TheconqpameawBre drill,-whubwereexecated a moat -precise nasuor,. and aftsmcdi ihqr were larnhwl, beaded "by Salachonlband.ihTaa^h »ome bi tiiejonninpfl streets, — * —variona evolutions on tileirarah. soldiers were themes of _ to tiaaewbo bad tiivji^i""!" ill silin laiiij -who artwl ie to the xespee-' B t J tiremente of the ootnpanieE, stated that k. was much pleased with the manner win? which the various evolutions had been esT cuted, bnt that the four companies had (IOM" such excellent work that it was extronS. difficult to make a distinction between then? Aftersantmg the sergeant-major, the bo7s were dismissed, all being pleased with their afternoon a exercises. Our cablegrams this morning will be found on the fourth page A vocal and instrumental concert ic aid „r the funds of the Soldiers' Hill drum and fifa band, was held in 3t John's schoolroom Soldiers' Hill, last night There w i T ^ attoidance, and tte Rev. R. J. Mercer oS! pied the chair. The programme was a wdl selected one, many of the items being warmfo appreciative spectators Bie Alfred beUrmgers are specially worthv of mention, and their selection on hand-belta was more than usually well received The following ladies and gentlemen, with'sones recitations, and dialogues, contributed to the enjoyment of the evening:—The Misses Bnddock, wPsyne, Trnswell, Pyvia, and Nicholl; Masters Gude and Gaff and C Hager, and Messrs G. Harley, O. Williams^ S. Cumin&J. H. Taylor, 'l Adam" ®- W£ f ' Bateman, Shelter", Dunn, Middleton, and Uren. Miss Sherlock ably officiated as pianiste. Some splendid hauls ot fish were made at Lake Wendouree yesterday morning. A lad named Tonrnier, residing in Eureka street Ballarat East, got amongst a shoal of carp! and without any trouble hooked thirty fhJe' fish, all between Jib and lib weight, in a very short time. Mr Swift, chemist, of Main street, caught no less than eighty nice-sized perch, forming a very nice string indeed There were also other large takes. It is now evident, since the water bas commenced to fall, that the Lake is literally alive with fish and anglers may expect to reap a rich harvest during the next few weeks. The carp, which was caught on the northern "side, were not a bit shy yesterday, and bit at anything" This is probably a sign that the food is getting scarce. Mr Graham, of Ascot, left his horse and buggy standing in Albert street, Creswicfc, yesterday afternoon. The horse bolted, and after several narrow escapes it ran against some timber in James' timber-yard, causing a smash, and getting free, made ofi, but was captured by a waggoner in Spring Gully. •A well-known veterinary surgeon named Jackson died yesterday morning at the Cres- wick Hospital. He had ruined himself by drink. At the Town court on Thursday next, three publicans will be charged with Sunday trading. A woman named Mary Harris, who on more than one occasion has been unsuccessfully charged at the Town Police Court with vagrancy, in having no visible means of support, has now at last been got rid of, at least for a time. When previously charged with vagrancy Harris could always prove that she was in receipt of £1 per week from her husband. On Monday night, however, Constable Maguire, of the City police force, found her at the back of the Alfred Hall under circumstances which induced him to arrest her and charge her as an idle and disorderly common prostitute, and behaving indecently in a public place. Prisoner's conduct in court was most unseemly, and she was sentpnml to twelve months' imprisonment. The first case beard here against a bicycle rider, for riding without a light on his bicycle, will be taken at the City Police Court on Friday next. Mary Cappie, a woman described by the police aB hard-working and respectable, was sent to gaol for two weeks at the City Police Court yesterday for drunkenness. Prisoner had been twice previously convicted of a similar offence. At about one o'clook yesterday afternoon a number of sheep were travelling along Armstrong street, when one broke away from the fiock and sought refuge behind the counter in a well-known pawnbroker's shop. The wife of the proprietor, on entering the shop, was somewhat surprised at such a customer, but having no business there, the woolly one was quickly ejected into the street, to hunt up its companions. Mr Frederick Joseph Barge, employed at the Muntbam station, beyond C&mperdown, made a very good journey on a Premier tricycle a day or twe ago. He left the station at noon on Friday last, and reached here at ten o'clock on Sunday morning, accomplishing the journey (161 miles), over some really rough roads, in about twenty-eight hours' riding time. Some of the roadway was especially rough, and in addition to this Mr Barge was encumbered with a very heavy portmanteau. Mr James Vallins has been appointed valuer for the city. It is mmored (say® the local Express) that six marriages are to take place at Danolly during the Christmas holidays. The'P. C. JPeiffsia sony toleara thatMrB. H. Hart is in a critical condition, owing to dysentery having Bet in in connection with his first illness, causing a dangerous complication. Charges of drunkenness (says the Argus) having been preferred against the teacher of the Main Leads State School, near Beaufort, the officer has been suspended bv the Education Department, and the district inspector has been instructed to proceed at once to as investigation. Mr Matthew Burnett, tiie well-known temperance advocate, has returned (says the Argus) to Adelaide from Western Australia. He begins his mission work in Tasmania is March next. The Bendigo Advertiser reports that 10 feet frontage to Pall Mall, Sandhurst, has just been sold at tiie rate of £130 a foot, or for £1500 insAL A young woman Margaret Rosser as mysteriously disappeared (says the World) from her borne at Kangaroo Flat Before leaving, she wrote a letter to her parents, intimating her intention of committing suicide. Every search has been made without trace being found of the girl, wbo is thought to be suffering from religious mania. The World understands that it is the intention of tbe Government to put a summary termination to country deputations. We have received from Mr Clinton, the Ballarat agent, a copy of tbe Australian Alliance £ssunnce Company's almanac for 1884. We have received tiie report, honor list, and prospectus of the BaUsoat College, which have been- printed in pamphlet form by Messrs Anderson and Co-, of Armstrong Si. Paul's Girls* Friendly Society's second musical entertainment takes place to-morrow (Thursday) evening, in the sehoolhonee, at elght o'clock. —k The Tk. Bishop H»tMm of nf Ballarat RnUimht will p ^ t The proceeds wffl go to the building fund of new room for St. Pad's G. r. Society. , The public are particularly reqwsted by tiie Half-holiday Union to notice that all establishments which- observe the Friday half-holiday will not close on Friday, the 21st ad 28th December; and January only, in consequence oFtho increased amonnt of hn-dTn»»» done at Christmas and hew Tear-time. T , , The art-union in connection with St. Johns parsonage art-union, Btanfori, will be drawn at ths schoolroom aext Friday morning, at ten ciclock. . 3£r Greenfield will sell by auction, afe Craig's hotel, nexi Stturdsgr afternoon, a» half-past one, the bootha for tbe great Caledonian gathang at Ba»inymi£ on I»ew Year's Day. . Particulars axto-fchfl arrangements made by the Railway Beputaent for conveym| sasacngexB and issning excursion ^ during tiie holidays wift-be found in The adjourned mmotmg at the BmployiSs Aoaideat Seciety will be held » the Sag's Hsad hots! this evening, at nanpast eight, todeal with important bosmess. Dr S t e w a w ^ w f f l ^ Saturday^ tobe ccawdted by bia A public meeting of the Skiptoa.street Band of Hopeand Gospel Temperance Soaeiy will behrid in tiie schoolroom, 1fei> evening, ^Thi^kiisfcralisn Natives' Association wffl mest at -the Lyoemn BWt . 3heSw,Ht^BM^aSn lecture inl Ma tShti^aftjOana^-Amstaong in evening, also Junes TUBIM TCbew Mr GoodaU ™ » wffl '. The Mama! meeting of tiieBallarat ng- dub -rill fceMd at ClaigV tctd aftenmoa, at four o'clock. Publicans and others will bear in mind that tbe booths in connection with the cncket club sports at the Eastern Ova], on Boiiog Day. will be sold to-day by Messrs gjokenshire and Coltman. •Hie Froliques intend to visit Clones and Maryborough on Boxing and following nights, for the purpose of entertaining the people A meeting of the recently-formed association for imparting religious^ instruction in State schools will be held this afternoon, at half.past three. All Protestant ministers are requested to attend. A meeting relative to the GrenviUe Turf {3ub feces toII be held at Stanbrook's hotel, geaisdale, next Thursday evening, at eight o'clock. AH interested are invited to attend. In our report of the Ballarat Lara Tennis .rjnb'e meeting in yesterday's issue, the name c[ Mr John Shiels was inadvertently omitted from the list of committeemen. Members of Mr Holly's hone-taming and training class are requested to meet at the tent in Mr Holmes' paddock, this afternoon, at half-past four o'clock. New members will be enrolled between three and four o'clock. 