COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. Melbourne, January 19. An awfully sudden death has occurred at Maryborough, Two men, named W. Wil liamB and Matthew Mair, had a slight good tempered romp outs'de the door of .au hotel, and Mail after it walked in, sat down by the table, resting his head on his arm as if asleep, sobbed, and died. He had been a trooper, but had retired because of having met with an accident, and had never since enjoyed good health. The man found dead in the Alfred Graving Dock has been identified as Henry Cuttle, late stoker on the Sorata. Two fires broke out in S.tndridge in dif ferent places to day. The premises in both cases were destroyed. The total ioss is over £1,COO. A youth named William Stainer while performing on the trapeze at the Williams town Gymnasium fell on his back to the I ground, *nn<l he now lies in a critical condi tion. I A man named William Grass died in a cab to-day while being conveyed to the Hospital He had led a vagrant life. Mr. Mirams, M.L.A., lectured at Sandhurst last night on his land theories, under the auspices of the Young Australians' Liberal Association, to an attendance of about 150. Melbourne, January 21. George Thompson, a recent arrival from Sydney, was last night robbed of 100 sove reigns'and a draft for £000 on London. The money was taken out of his trousers pocket Bomewhere in the city. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of H. G. Thompson, a late employe at the Mont de Picte, for embezzlement. The prospectus has been issued a of Musical Association for Australia for the advancement ■of the art and the establishment of a great Choral Association. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is still sanguine that he will dispose of the debentures. Hudson's Theatre was opened on Saturday night with burlesque. Clark and Kyman's Minstrels have migrated to the Bijou. A brutal assault was committed by a man named Lammines on a tailor named Miles, first with a hoe and then with an axe, inflict ing a nasty and dangerous wound. Melbourne, January 22. In connection with the Conference of the Wesleyan3 of Victoria and Tasmania at present sitting in Melbourne the first session lor this year of the mixed Conference, com prising the clerical and lay representatives, was held this evening. The President, the Rev. E. I. Watkin, delivered an addrecs, in the course of which he remarked that every now and then a movement was made by the Anglican Church with the view of getting the Weslcyans back to the fold from which it was said they had strayed. He ridiculed the assertion put forward in England that it was the ambition of Wes leyan ministers that prevented the Wesleyan people from going back to the Anglican Church. He argued that the Wesleyan Church owed much of its success to the fact that it more than any other Church em ployed laymen. The Methodist Church had no divisions, it being the glory of Metho dists that the same truths were preached from all their pulpits, and there had never been a secession from the Church on any doctrinal question. He hoped the time was not far distant when they would have a Wesleyan Methodist College affiliated to the Melbourne University. The Tantt Commission proceeds to morrow to the Winimera District, and on Wednesday will take evidence at Horsham relative to the manufacturing and agri cultural industries. On Thursday it will sit at Dimboola, when an enquiry will be made into the complaintB with regard to the Border duties between Victoria and South Australia, which are alleged to be in jurious and detrimental to local trade. The Commission will then proceed to Lake Hindmarsh, and return to town on Saturday. A horrible discovery was made at an old hut near Maryborough to-day, in which two Chinamen were found. One was lying at full length on the floor, and the other was in a kneeling position. Both apparently had had their throats cut, but their heads had been almost eaten off by vermin. It was impossible to definitely ascertain the cause of death. The men are supposed to have been dead three weeks. Melbourne, January 22. During the voyage of the schooner Gustaf Adolphe, one of the crew named Carl Mown, ated nineteen years, fell overboard and was di owned whilst drawing a bucket of water. It was officially announced to day that the lowest tender for the first section of twenty tl ree miles of the Bacchus Marsh line is that of John Kobb, viz., £151,340. On a previous occasion when tenders were invited all were considered too high. Messrs. Bray aud Parsons, accompanied by the Premier and several members of the Ministry, made a visit of inspection to the defence works at the Heads to- day. At the conference of the Chamber of Coin meice aud Chamber of Manufactures to day there was a debate on immigration, and the question was adjourned, it being agreed to invite delegates from the Trades Hall Committee to take part in the discussion. Messrs. Grant (Chief Secretary) and Bent (Minister of Railways) were present at the laying of the foundation-stone of the Hctham Free Library to-day. The latter defended himself against adverse criticisms on h;s administration of the railways, aud attributed the hostility of the Press to the fact of his having abolished the system of issuing free Press passes. The Government steamer Despatch started this morning in search of the missing schooner Louisa, loug overdue here from Hobart. There is very slight hope that the search will prove successful. Charles Turner, of the Montagu-Turner Opel a Company, filed his schedule to- day. Bis liabilities are £(M1, and his assets £81. The insolvency is attributed to losses on the recent season .at the Bijou Theatre, which opened on December 2. The arrangements at St. Patrick's Cathedral for an international fair are progressing satis factorily. Space has been allotted to the twelve nationalities that are to be repre sented, and several foreign Consuls have granted their patronage. Both the English and Australian teams of cricketers leave for Sydney to- morrow. At a meeting of the Bootmakers' Union this evening two delegates were appointed to wait on the Masters' Association in support , of a sca'e of prices recently adopted. At a meeting of master butchers this evening it was decided that the hours of retail butchers should be from 6 o'clock in the morning to 0 o'clock in the evening on all days except Saturday, when the Bhops should close at 10 o'clock at night. A man named Jolin Donovan was charged at the Police Court to-day with assaulting Rupert Gray. Donovan had come from up country with his wife, and alleged that while seeking lodgings in Fitzroy he and his wife were knocked' down by a crowd of larrikins, five of whom criminally assaulted his wife. He called for assistance, and when Gray ran up Donovan, thinking that he was one of his assailants, -hit him on the head with a heavy stone. Gray has been under treatment at the Hospital for several days. The case was dismissed. An elderly man namedFrederiokBrown was seriously injured at the Richmond. Rail way j Station this evening by being jammed be- ) tween a carriage and the platform when attempting to enter a carnage while the train was in motion. He is now in a critical condition. Mrs. Nightengale, who for many years edited the Castlemaine Representative, is dead. The Legislative Council Chamber was lit up with Edison's electric light this evening for the purpose of affording the representa tives of the other colonies now here an opportunity for witnessing the mode of illumination. Sir J. Mclhvmilh, Premier o the Queensland Government; the Hon. J. C. Bray and Hon.J. L. Parsons, members of the South Australian Government: and Mcssrs Cooper and Forrester,members ofthe Queens land Parliament, were jiresent, and took great interest in the display. The Executive Council of the Victorian Temperance Alliance have repudiated the principle of compensation for closing houses. under the local-option syBteui. Melbourne, January 23. An enquiry was held to-day in reference to the alleged grounding of the Norwegian barque Savenas while ccming up the West: Channel on the 14th ultimo under the charge of Pilot Deane. The captain had reported that his vessel touched the ground several times during her passage up the West Channel, causing damage to her bottom; but the pilot denied the statement. The Board found that the vessel was drawing 19 feet 8 inches, and did touch the ground. They considered the pilot was not justified in taking a vessel with such a heavy draught up the Channel, and cautioned him to be more careful in future. Inspector Secretan, the head of the Detec tive Department, who left for England to-day on sick leave, has addressed a memo, to- the Chief Secretary, requesting that any charges that may be preferred against him arising from the Police Commission's report may be allowed to stand over until his return,, when he is confident that he will be able to> refute them. The English team of cricketers, and1 also several members of the Australian eleven, left bv train this morning for Sydney. Messrs. Murdoch, Palmer, Bomior, sad Midwinter will leave to-morrow. A handsomely illuminated address was presented to ex-Superintendent Hate- and a gold bracelet to Mrs. Hare to-day by the members of the police force of the metro politan district. The Victorian Cricketers' Association have • decided not to alter the present mode of selecting teams, and Mr. Cooper has con sented to continue to act in the capacity of selector. A mixed conference of the clerical and la-/ delegates to the Vietorian and Tasmanian Weslcyan Conference devoted consider able time to-day to the discussion of the question of religious education in-State schools. The Kev. \V. H. Fitchett moved a resolution warmly approving of the establish ment of the Bible in State Schools League. The discussion will be resumed to-morrow. . A conference is to be held betweeu the ■ Master Bootmakers' Association and the journeymen for the purpose of endeavouring, to arrange a satisfactory scale of prices. Thompson, the stationmaster at Hawthorn, and Guard Hunt, who was in- charge of the special train from Bos Hill which, collided with the ordinary one on the Hawthorn line, have been summoned, to appear at the Police Court to-morrow, on a ■ charge of feloniously killing and. slaying, Wm. Thomas, who died of injuries, through, the collision. Two bookmakers, named Alfred Drake and. Patrick Carey, bave been arrested for con spiring to defraud a fanner, named. Quinn, in the Western District. Quinn alleges that he advanced £150 for the purpose of making a book on the late Victorian Club Meeting, with the understanding, that they should supplement it with-a. similar • amount and divide the profits. The prisoners. represented that they made a loss of £00. bat. Quinn believing the statement to be untrue, obtained a warrant for their arrest. The Governor was unable to preside at the Executive Council to day in consequence of the illness of Lady Norinanby. A man named Nettleton was fined at Warr nambool to-day for practising as a chemist • without a licence. Three young men of the larrikin cl'oss have been arrested a Itomsey for uttering counter feit notes. A deputation of gentlemen interested in. the question of the survey of the boundary line between Queensland and South. Aus tralia waited upon Sir Thomas- McII wraitb, the Premier of Queensland; to day. The Hon. J. C. Bray, Chief Secre tary of South Australia, was amongst the number. The deputation requested' Sit Thomas to endeavour to get the Border-line surveyed. It was explained that, owing to ■ there being a difference of about twenty-five miles between the different surveyors who had tiied to locate this line, great hardships, were suffered by pastoral tenants around' the Border. Sir Thomas Mcllwraith. as sured the deputation that the Queeuslaud Government were quite prepared to. join South Australia in the settlement of the. boundary line immediately, audit was agreed that both colonies should unite at once for the purpose of defining the boundary line • with sufficient accuracy to meet the require ments cf the pastoral tenants ef the respective ■■ colonies. A singular medical scandal has been., brought to light. A man named Patrick Deviue was committed at RuBhwortb oil Friday on the certificate of two local medical men to Kew Asylum on a charge of lunacy.. On the following day he _was brought I to Melbourne by train, but be "ore he arrived it was evident that he was seriously ill. The ■ constable on arrival proceeded with his charge to the hospital, but the man- died before reaching that institution. It has now transpired that Devine. who was twenty-two years of age, had been em ployed with a survey party, and was. suffering from typhoid fever, which induced temporary delirium. At the inquest to-day the Coroner remarked upon the egregious blunder of the medical men, but said thov could not be held blamable. A verdict of' death from typhoid fever was recorded. E. S. Harris, head teacher of the State , school at Beechworth. has disappeared. He has been very mysterious latterly. Several very grave criminal charges have re cently Deen preferred apainst him, the • departmental enquiry into which was only concluded yesterday. The evi dence is understood to have been of a very criminating character. Harris during the past fortnight has been in Melbourne drinking heavily, and yesterday he hired a boat, and proceeded up the river with the declared abject of bathing. Some hours later some youths, who were also on the river, brought a boat down in ■ tow. Harris's clothes were found at the bottom of the boat, but some money which he had in his possession was missing. Nothing could he learned of Harris, and as the young men who brought the boat down made off on being questioned, foul play was at first suspected; then it was thought- that Harris might have been drowned whilst bathing or committed suicide; hut the idea most generally entertained among the detectives and in the Education Department is that Harris is still alive, and that the whole affair is a ruse to aid his escape. Melbourne, January 23. At a meeting of the Executive Council to day the following gentlemen were appointed a JJoard to enquire into the circumstances attending the Hawthorn collision :—.Messrs. George IVorthington. harrister-at-'a v (Chair man); Dodgshuu, Mayor of Mcloourne; C. E. Bright, J.P.; Jenkin Collier, contractor; Alfred Boss, merchant. The following gentlemen were appointed at the same meeting to report rc the late merits of the Woods and WestiDghouse breaks:—Messrs. Thow, Locomotive Superin tendent, South Australia (Chairman); Batchelor, Locomotive Superintendent, 'J as mania; Horniblow, Locomotive Superin- j tendent, Queensland. The Westiughouse : Company applied that Mr. Campbell, who is connected with the Company, should be also nominated, but the Executive declined on the ground that he would be more useful as a witness. Melbourne, January 24. The naked body of Harris, head master of j the Bcechworth School, who was reported to have disappeared in a mysterious manner, was found in the river at Richmond this morning. Melville, the stationmastcr at Dimboola, has been airested on a charge of cmbezzliug £73 belonging to the department. It is stated that prisoner has been gambling heavily of late. On the suggestion of bis wife an official audit of the accounts was made. Claimants for damages arising out of the Hawthorn collision will be invited to refer their claims to the arbitration of the Board appointed to enquire into the circumstances or the collision. The Government are engaged in drafting a Bill to prohibit the adulteration of article.! of food, drink, and drugs. A bush-fire, which destroyed the grass, fencing, and other property, valued at £J,CDO, occurred ou Robertson Brothers' Estate, Colac, yesterday. . At the City Court to-day Benjamin Thomp son, Stationmasterat Hawtho/n, and William Hunt, guard of the special train which col lided with another on the Hawthorn line on the 3rd ultimo, were charged on summons with feloniously killing and slaying William Thomas, who died from inj'uries sustained in the collision. It was explained that the charge was brought for the purpose of sim plifying the issue, and clearing the deposi tions taken by the Coroner of extraneous matter with regard to the administration of the Railway Department, as the depositions were too involved to put to the Jury. Several witnesses were examined, their evi dence being similar to that teudered at the inquest. A large number of witnesses remain to be examined, The Ministers of Railways and Mines were present to-day at the inau guration of the new water supply scheme for Daylesford. A banquet followed. Mr. H. R. Williams, in respond ing to the toast of " The ex-Alinisters," ssid there was more fight in the members of the Berry Ministry than they had shown in the past, and when the proper time came thepeop'c would see the flaming sword as they had seen it in the past. He was proceeding with further remarks in a similar strain when he was called to order. The stakes won at the Victorian Club Meet ing were paid over to-day. The largest amount,£520, was received by W. J. Redfearn, who won the Victorian Club Cup. Sir Thomas Elder received £365, and Mr. Branch £213, At the half-yearly meeting of the Land Mortgage Bank to-day a dividend of 8 per cent, was declared. At the meeting of the Conference to day the Rev. W. H. Eitcbett's resolution ia favour of the introduction of the Bible rending in State schools was further discussed at great length. The majority of the speakers supported the motion, but Mr. Beaver, M.L.C., opposed it, urging that the Wesley an ministers did not represent the views of the laity on this question. Another lay dele-' gate, who spoke in favour of the leading principles of the Education Act, attacked the League formed to secure the introduction of the Bible in State schools, on the ground that its leaders were not to be trusted. He did not think that Bishop Moorhouse was to be trusted auy more than the Roman Catholic Archbishop, and be would as soon trust the devil as the latter. A motion in favour of the League's principles was eventually carried by an overwhelming majority, only seven voting against it. 