OUR BIIUTIIEN LEIER. - (PFBOM OUR OWN CORnESPONDENT.) Tuesday, Nov. 20. After the number of years this place has enjoyed the blessings of postal com munication, the establishment of a police station, and later on telegraph communi-. cation with tile metropolis, and tile open ing of a bank, to say nothing of.the long. standing hotel and store accommodation, smithy, etc., even to holding a court of petty sessions here, it is a terra incognita to the licensing bench. 'At'our lafe' court the bench held that there was no such place known as the township' ofl Brutlhen. It was very rough, on liMr.: Newport,; after going to, the trouble of forwarding a petition to the Government, in answer to which they proclaimed the "township of Biruthen " a special licens inn area. If such is the case tile several business places are only roadside accom modations. How novel I A roadside, court I A roadside telegraph office I A roadside bank I The tenders for the addition to the Bruthen Mechanics' Institute were dedlt' with on Saturday night last, Mr. WV. A. Sands, of Bairnsdale, being the success ful tenderer. at £97.: ,' -. r ,' i Mr. Knight, our local post and tele graph master,' and his family, are' at present "away e' ijoyingIas weell-desevoedI holiday, Mr. Knight :lIaving been.cone stantly on duty since opening this'office,' now more than'three years back.' Ir. Tulloch, his locum tenens, finds Bruthon rather quiet' after. the. metropolis, 'and; does not appreciateithe night woik cdh siquent on the late arrival and despatch ing of mails. The great topic amongst the farmers is the maize duty, and they all seem to be unanimous abouit tlie duty being re tained. .Some would like to have ;it raised, and argue that they should be even more considered than tithe wheat grower, as that industry is already'estab lished by Victoria exporting wheat. SThe main road-not street-is rapidly being improved by clearing off 'allthe stumps, logs, and dead trees, which will be a blessing to owners of stock travel-' ling through. Messrs. Anderson and Brennan have completed their contract of gravelling at Dirty Hollow. 'SuipEr visor Wilson passed it to-day; and it is now open for traffic. The weather has been very hot the last two days, and at present it is very sultry, indicating a change. A bushfire —the first of the season—has been rag ing in the hills at the back of Bruthen Park all day, the clouds of smoke mak ing the atmosphere very dense. 