PAY-DAY ON THE RAILWAY. [By Our Special Exporter.] On Saturday last 1 was favored with an invi tation to accompany Mr. Thomas Walker, of the firm of Walker & Swan, on a tour of inspection along the works of the Mount Barker and Strathalbyn Railway, The occasion was rendered specially interesting from the fact that it was the monthly pay-day and because the con tractors had determined to seize the opportunity of informing their employes of their determina tion to adopt the eight-hours' system on the line. A start was made from Mount Barker shortly after 7 o'clock, and after a bracing drive through Wistow and round by the Bugle Ranges road, the Railway liue was struck at a point about ten miles from the Junction. Up to this spot the earthworks arc nearly finished, and littic but the ballast and permanent way remain to be added before the opening of the line. At the Tenth mile a parly of 2(5 men and two boys under the control of ganger Campbell are engaged upon three large cuttings through difficult stony country. These men, having been summoned from their work, ranged themselves in a semi circle round Mr. Walker, who briefly explained to them the motives which had led him to adopt the eight-hours' system, and added that as he would be a considerable sufferer by the change he expected them to show a little more consideration for their work on the days immediately succeed ing pay-day. The men were evidently thoroughly satisfied with the new terms, and for the time at least good resolutions were manifestly in their minds. Unfortunately sly-grog shops are very numerous on the line, and it is quite possible . that the superior influence of bad beer and worse spirits will overcome these virtuous intentions before many weeks. There are three cuttings under progress of construction by Campbell's men. The first contains 8,000 yards of earth, and with the exception of a few finishing touches it is thoroughly completed. The rocky country through which it is taken has not been entirely a hindrance, and more than 1,000 yards of good ballast have been broken from the material taken therefrom. The second cutting—at 10 miles 30 chains—contained 12,000 yards of excavation, and this also was, for the most part, through hard rock, but a compensating advantage has been found and quite 6,000 yards of ballast have been taken from its depths. This cutting is now down to the formation level, and the ballast taken from it is broken and stocked ready for the engines when the time comes for using it. There are—in.addition to the number of men belonging to Campbell's gang—twenty stone-breakers at work on tbi6 portion of the line. These men are paid by the piece, and therefore they have neither part nor lot—except as a matter of choice—in the new departure. The third cut ting under the control of Mr. Campbell contains about 7,000 yards of earth, and it has only just been begun. It is situate close to the Main (Eleven-mile) camp, where the main stables, a great many tents, and a few of the inevitable sly-grog shops are located. The payment of the different gangs is greatly simplified by the method adopted by the con tractors. The time-keeper having ascertained from the different gangers the number of hours made by each of their men, the amount of wages earned is reckoned and enclosed in a small packet. 1 These packets are then ' distributed in small canvass bags bearing the name of the different gangers, and by these means all confusiou and much loss of time in the actual payment is avoided. As the number and name of the men are called out, the time-keeper checks the amount on his book' to avoid any danger of dual pay ments. The ordinary time occupied in paying a gang of twenty men is about five minutes, and as the liability to mistake is minimized by the calcu lations being carried out in a quiet office, instead of amid the hurry and bustle of the camp, there is very seldom any grumbling and never any dispute. At a distance of 11 miles 43 chains from the junction nineteen men, under the direction of ganger Brake, are busy with a cutting containing 7,000 yards of terribly hard excavation. There is a ridge of rock running transversely across the line, and, although this does not look very for midable now, it has been a source of great delay. All through the winter Brake and his division have been toiling in this snot, and during that time 6,000 yards of the tcazing stone have been removed from their original resting place into the slowly-growing embankment beyond. Better days are dawning now, and within .a few weeks the indefatigable ganger will be able to advance his camp. At Brake's cutting Mr. Walker's speech and the silver were again forthcoming, and although neither caused external demonstra tions of joy, both the new system and the concen trated beer-providers were evidently highly ap preciated. One man, indeed, forgetting the stoicism of his class so far unbent as to say, " Thank you, Sir!" when the eight-hours' mani festo was unfolded. A few chains beyond Brake's cutting tlje line intersects the road to Strathalbyn, and here a level crossing has been provided. At 11 miles 50 chains a party of thirty men under Ganger James are at work in the midst of undulating, sheaoak-covered country, on a cutting containing 11,000 yards of hard flakey stone, which is difficult to loosen and cum bersome to handle even when the powder has done its work. This cutting is twenty feet deep in the centre, and is onC bf the ihost troublesome on the line, but fortunately herb too some of the material is suitable for ballast, and already 500 yards of the 2,000 which it is expected to yield have been broken to the required gauge and stacked ready for use. " Scdfcty," who was one of the leaders in last year's strike, is employed in James' gang, and as he shouted an enthusiastic "Hear, ..hear! " in response to Mr. "Walker's reference to the old-time allegations that men could and would do as much work in eight hours as they had previously done in nine, it is not un likely that the navvies intend to exert themselves to prove the truth of the statement. In the em bankment, which is steadily progressing, on a down grade of 1 in 45, to the opposite side of the valley, an underway passage has been left for the convenience of Mr. Gemmell's cattle, and from the side of the hill the house of that gentleman is to be seen, nestling with cool slate roof, among the verdant fruit trees, whose leaves look refresh ingly green against the sombre shade of the gums and sheaoaks beyond. The side of the hill which descends from Brake's Cutting in the direction of , Strathalbyn has been benched to keep the em bankment from slipping bodily into the valley beneath. The Cutting at 12 miles 18 chains, which has involved the removal of 3,000 yards of mica rock—heart-breaking in its stubborn resist ance to the effects of powder and dynamite—is now completed, and just beyond it a divergence of a District road ascends the hill, showing a bright blue streak of metal against the dtiller brown of the Railway line running parallel with it. At the apex of this elevation is situated the quarry, from which the splendid stone used in the basement and arches of the Mount Barker Goods shed, and in the masonry of the bridge over the Mount Barker Creek, has been procured; The Btone is similar in appearance to'the Melbourne bluestone, but it is of a sandy nature. It is close grained and susceptible of a high polkhj and as it can be split—into even blocks of any sizg— by means of chisels it forms a valuable and hand Bome building stone. A very extensive quarry has been opened up on the bill, round the base of which the line passes, and it is intended to con struct the bridges over the creek at Burnside and the river at Strathalbyn with material obtained therefrom. The quarry in question forms one of the most valuable meanB of obtaining reliable building stone—for foundations and other heavy work—that existB in the Colony, and when the line is opened doubtless it will often be seen in conjunction with superstructures of the handsome Aldgate free-stone. It is proposed to erect a station at the bead of the Long Valley, within a few hundred yards of this-quarry, and although Mr. Gemmell wishes the Government-to fix the site on his side of the hill, it is not likely that the facilities offered by the level gteund further on will be neglected in his favor, more'especially as the line passes his property on a steep down grade. At 12 miles 30 chains the railway—by means of cutting and embankmcqt—performs the cir cuit of the Quarry Hill, and from this point a splendid view.can be obtained. At the limit of the horizon a silver line denotes the presence of the lakes, while a wide belt of living green, which fades imperceptibly into blue, marks the existence of the Murray Scrub-^only bearable when at such a distance. Strathalbyn, faintly seen, lies at the foot of the gorge, and hence, as every where the crowning tower of the pretty Presby terian Church is "a thing of beauty and a joy for ever." Huge blocks of stone from the quarry above lie at the side of the shallow cutting round the foot of the hilL These are being carted to Strathalbyn, and deposited on the site of the bridge at that place, the drays on their return •journey bringing sand for use in culverts and elsewhere. A6 may be judged by the nature of the country, the work of the navvies. is difficult and slow &ere;, but though the stone retards it makes good ballast, and so the silver lining of the dark cloud is again apparent. The elevation of the ground, and its rapid descent to the water shed beneath, prevents the rain from soaking in as it does on the plains, and therefore the recent heavy weather has not had the same delaying influ ence on this part of the contract as it has had else where, and Monday's shower—however hard it j may be—does not retard Tuesday's work. In i some of the heavier cuttings, and especially those ; which have been taken out step-wise on a down grade, the downfalls of the winter have accumu lated, and now form miniature lakes, and these ■ have to be drained off by degrees before the work j can be proceeded with as a whole. This draw- j back is rendering work at Campbell's cutting slow j and difficult to-dav. Of course there are other ■ works which the rain cannot interfere with; for instance, during the inevitable winter-delays of I the earthworks, the fencing on each side of the line has been pushed on, and it is now nearly j completed for the whole extent of the contract. ] The cutting and embankment round the Quarry Hill, as well as the larger work at 12 miles 50 1 chains, is under the control of ganger Rolfe, who - has 25 men subject to his direction. The second | cutting contains 7,000 yards of not very difficult excavation, and it is being taken out on a curve, I having a radius of twelve chains. At 13 milos 27 chains, ganger Simmons and 19 men are en gaged upon a comparatively easy cutting. Of the 1 8,000 yards of stuff which were to be removed i quite 6,000 yards are out and in the embank ments. A station is to be provided on the cutting beyond the bank at this point. The j principal camp on the line is situated here, and a I regular canvas town has arisen on the high ground to the right of the line, accommodation being given in the tents for 100 men. The ever-preva lent sly-grog shops are here also, and as a result of the bad liquor retailed therein much time is lost by the navvies who frequent them. It is believed by many that the contractors, the country, and the navvies would be the gainers if licenses were granted for the establishment of canteens and liquor shops—in limited numbers— on the various railway works in the colony. The grog, and the places in which it is sold, would then be under official supervision, while interests would bo created which would ensure the detec tion, and effectually prevent the success, of illicit grog shops. It is as impossible to entirely abolish the evil, under present circumstances, as it is to eradicate the craving which ensures its success, and I am strongly of opinion that 6teps should be taken to mitigate it in the manner suggested. Just beyond the camp, an embankment which, when completed, will contain 24,000 yards of spoil, is being formed partly with the earth from Simmons' cutting, and partly witli that from the next excavation. The two ends of this bank arc gradually approaching one another, and calculat ing roughly I should say that 15,000 yards of the required formation are in position. j At 13 miles 60 chains the Brobdignagian cut- j ting of tbc line (Stirling's Hill) is in nrogress under the direction of Bob Summers, who has a company of forty men under his control. There are 26,000 yards of stuff to be taken out here, and the formation level is 30 feet below the surface at the deepest part. The ground is of a difficult stony character, and the work is there fore advancing slowly, but stillj considering the bad weather which lias prevailed since the exca vation was begun—about six months ago,-—very satisfactory progress has been made with it. Owing to the direction of the stony ridge which cuts transversely across the line, work had to be started at the lower (Strathalbyn) end of the cutting, and this necessitated the spoil being carted a considerable dist ance before being tipped into the bank previously mentioned. The men hav ing reached the formation level are now engaged in cutting a passage wide enough to allow the drays to pass through the hill, and when this has been completed the work connected with both cutting and embankment will progress with far greater rapidity. There is a small embankment on the Strathalbyn side of the cutting, and through this a large opening is left for the convenience of Mr. Stirling's cattle. 1 am informed that Mr. Stirling is acting towards the navvies in a charaetcrisli cally liberal manner, the only restriction lie is ■ placing upon them having reference to 6beep- ; killing dogs. Wood, water, and plenty of tent room he is allowing without charge or question, and the natural gratitude of the navvies manifests itself in a desire to "comprehend all vagrom dogs," and to treat them to the proverbial long rope and short shrift. Just beyond Stirling's Hill the Railway line curves away to the right in order to get the distance necessary for the descending grade into Strathalbyn, and from this spot—it has been pointed out to me—the Intercolonial Railway should have been constructed. The country between Stirling's Hill and Woodchester is by no means difficult, and at, or just beyond, the latter place the Railway would strike the level country, and could be Continued along Chaiincey's Line through. Crown Lands, either to the present Murray Bridge or to Wellington, at a consider-' able earing of Expense—both as regards con' struefcion and land and compensation—as compared with the authorized route'. The. bard backbone of the couhtry, Which has been cut. through by the Mount Barker Railway, trends" towards (Ellington, and there is Cvery reason to believe that itis intersected in several places by. the surveyed line from Nairneto thelatter place; JFthe spot pointed out bad been selected: as the. starting point of the Railway all this difficult and expensive work would have been avoided. ' The line would have had a gradual and easy descent to the plain,' would have passed within a few miles of Calling ton, and Could have been taken to the existing bridge—I speak on good authority—at a saving of £100,000 on the contract price of th6 author ized line. However it is too late to effect an alteration how, and Mount Barker, bowing to the decision - of Parliament, must he content to remain off the niain line of Railway. If Messrs. Landseer and Rankine had taken the recent Par' liamentary parly to Stirling's Hill instead of to Wellington I think an alteration of the route Would have resulted. At 14 mileB 25 chains, on the down grade to StrUthalbyn, ganger Thompson and thirty men have been employed for Some weeks on a cutting containing 4,000 yards of comparatively easy excavation, and now about one-third of it is out and in the adjacent banks. TwCnty chains fur ther on, ganger Tvner has thirty men hard at work on a large cutting, from which 19,000 yards of stuff have to be taken. The formatioil level is here 25 feet below the surface at the deepest part. Already 7,000 yards of earth have been removed, and the embankment at the Mount Barker end, Which will absorb 13,000 yards of spoil, is half way on to completion., From the top of the hill at this place a very extended view of the Bur rounding country is obtained, and the streak of silver which marks the lakes is broadened and lengthened. Beyond this point the line takes a more decided curve to make distance for the descent to the plains, and the ruling gradient, for some 'chains, is 1 in 45. The small embank ment (500 yards) at the Strathalbyn end of Tyner's cutting—which is also on a down grade— has been kept to give the men employment in wet weather when the higher lifts are generally flooded out. Just beyond Tyner's locality of labor a company of men, under the charge of ganger Oarpenter, are engaged in putting in the concrete culverts. These men may be designated the pioneers of the line, for they always work in advance of the body of the navvies so that there may be no delay in the building of embankments through those valleys which contain the natural water- courses of the country. Mr. Merchant, in whose property Tyner's cut ting is situated, is a breeder of a superior class of cattle and horses, and he viewed the light iron standards and the scarcely perceptible wires of. the ordinary railway fences with evident disap proval from the first. He did not relish the idea —which was continually forcing itself on his mind—of the havoc which these trapB would work in the herds of his valuable stock, and so he made representations to the Engineer-in-Chief with the result that a substantial post and wire fence has been provided for the full extent of his property—three miles—while those paddocks which are devoted to cattle and horses aro fur ther secured by the addition of a top-rail. Ihe extra expense which will be incurred by this alteration is to be borne by the landowner, bilt, in my humble opinion, it would be far better —as the difference is very small—if the system of fencing with posts and wires capped by a top rail were universally adopted where timber is cheap and bush-fires are infrequent. I At lb miles 34 cbams a district road -crosses the line, and beyond this the work consists of surface forming for some distance. The portion of the line which was originally sub-let to Jcsser is reached at 17 miles '32 chains, and here the country is hot at all calculated to frighten anyone possessed of energy, perseverance, and deter mination, in even a moderate degree. The bulk of the excavation is through soft stuff, and, al though, here and there bars of stone make their appearance, they are unutterably easy as compared with the obstinate obstructors which are met with in Brake's cutting and elsewhere in tho mid section of the line. Mr. Jesser finished this par ticular piece of excavation before throwing up the sub- contract, but he left equally simple works untouched. The ironwork for the bridge over the creek at Burnside—which has five openings, each of 11 ft. span—is lying ready for erection on the banks, and on the further side eighteen bul locks yoked to a heavy plough are doing the necessary shallow cutting through light and easy soil, in order to provide material for the adjacent embankment. At 18 miles 15 chains Ganger Gardner and thirty men are busy on the cutting nearest to Strathalbyn, which contains about 1,200 yards of easily removed earth. From this point the grade lessens considerably—through the cutting the descent is 1 in 97, this soon flattens to 1 in 200, subsequently to 1 in 300, and as it" enters Strathalbyn an absolute level is attained. Between Gardner's cutting and the terminus there are two small cuttings, one of which is finished, while the other is as yet virgin earth. Strathalbyn is reached at 19 miles 45 chains from the Junction (491 miles from town), and the method of entrance is across the main road from Adelaide, past the gasworks, and through the paddock at the rear of the *Courthouse, with curve to the left in order to gain tile Station. The original line, which was surveyed, fenced, and otherwise prepared for the navvies, made a detour to the left from Gardner's cutting, and missing the town altogether reached the Station by a somewhat circuitous route. It is hard to understand why the Strathalbyn people agitated 1 for the change, for the Station, and not any point on the intermediate line, is the coign of vantage, and no alteration has been made iu its site. At present the railway intersects the main artery of traffic, it crosses the Angas within a stone's throw of an existing bridge, and it runs parallel for a distance of some hundreds of yards with one of the main streets, and the traffic of all three of these by horses.and vehicles must be seriously incon venienced—if not endangered—by the alteration. However, as the people of Strathalbyn will be the chief sufferers, perhaps it is as well that tlley should have their own way in the matter. In Mount Barker we consider ourselves fortunate because the Railway line makes a circuit of the town, without interfering with the main thorough* fores, but evidently our ideas oil thiB subject are different from those possessed by the Stfuthal* bynites. The Angas is crossed at a point near the Gas works by a bridnc consisting of two spans, each of forty feet, ami much of the stone to be used in the foundations and piers is already on the site. The rocky bed of the river will form a splen did base for the masonry, and in lact some of the material foe the backing-up courses can be quar ried on the spot. It is. the intention of the con tractors to make a Btart on this work in about fortnight, and, in order to economise labor and time, a crane will be erected so as to command both the qunrty which is to be opened in the bed of the river and the works in connection' with the construction of the bridge. The con tractors of the second section of the N lime line (Messrs. Baiilie, Davies, & Wiahart,) delayed the commencement of tlieir bridge-work until it was absolutely impossible—except under especially favorable circumstances—to complete them within contract time, and the lesson learnt, by them has not been without profit to Messrs. Walker & Swan. I cannot close this ftll-irnperfect sketch of the \ great work in which we all take so much interest without expressing my thanks to Mr. Walker for the pains taken by him to initiate ine into some of the less secret mysteries of Railway construction. Mr. McArtbut, the travelling Ganger, also gave me valuable information, which 1 have done my best to impart to my principal and his subscribers in a readable manner. It may be of interest to those who have followed me so far to know that the length of the railway from the Junction to.Strathalbyh is 19 miles 45 chains, that the time;speeified for its completion is June 30, 1884, and that the contract price for the work undertaken by Messrs. Walker & Swan is £143,677 16s. 8d. There are at present about 250 navvies employed in the nine gangs at work ou that portion of- the line which extends front the Tenth-mile camp to Strathalbvn, and in addition to these there are fifteen men engaged in concrete work, three or four in charcoal burning, • and about 6ixty in stone breaking. On that portion of the line which extends from the Junction to Mount Barker (inclusive of those ■ working at the reservoir) there are seventy men employed, so that the total muster at monthly pay is 398, and the amount of wages required to satisfy them approximates to £4,000. As we have before stated, the work of laying the permanent wajf lids btien begun in the Statittnyardafr Mount Barker, the goods sheds, and adjacent . platforms, are completed, the.water tank is in progress, and the Station buildings arid the accessories thereof are within a few weeks of their finished state. In all probability the fails will be laid and the line opened from the Junction to Stoiint Barker within six weeks from this date, and in any case the ballast engines' will make their -appearance befofe November is many days old;' THe reser* voir for the supply of' the* Station and the town will be ready for water storage before' the end of the present'iriontli, and, given a' heavy fall of rain thereafter, a good and Constant supply will follovf as a natural consequence; It will be seen from the statistics which 1 have given that the adaption of the eight holies system by Messrs. Walker & Swdti ihust have A weighty influence on the colonial labor market, more especially as a compulsory following of their example has been thrust upon the contractors fob the Gladstone and Laura Bail way. It is nbt likely that the Original nine hours will ever DC rererted to again, and in all future contracts beckoning will JiaVe to be made under altered Circumstances. It is but fair to state thtlt MesarSi Bailie, Davies, & Wishart have agreed to grant A similar concession to their employes, and that the change was brought about as a result of a reCCnt conference between the two firms. . 