Stock Breeding: at Western Port. [By our Agricultural Reporter] Minto, the property of Mr. G. W. Cole, is also situated on the shores of Western Port Bay, being the next property to Cool- art on the Flinders side. It consists of 700 acres, mostly bush land, which the owner is actively engaged in clearing. He has occu- pied the place for about nine years, during which time sheep farming has been princi- pally carried on. Merinoes were first tried but were found not to suit the district, tak- ing footrot very badly. Leicester and Lincoln crossbred do much better ; about 100 of this class of ewes are kept for breed- ing, Mr. Cole stocking the remaining por- tion of his land by purchasing store sheep to fatten. He states that the land a few years back showed signs of becoming sheep sick, but a large bush fire, which swept over the whole district, was the means of doing much good for the land, the grass which grew afterwards containing thrice the fat- tening qualities that it had before ; 300 sheep which he had fattened and sold after the fire, averaged 75 lb. His lambs also thrived amazingly well on the same kind of grass, realising from 9s. 6d. to 10s. when sold in market. Mr. Cole would be glad if he could produce an equal effect on his grass land by any means of top-dressing, as burn- ing is too devastating and risky to be in- dulged in frequently ; 400 acres which had been burnt carried 700 sheep through the winter. Mr. Cole strips all the wattle bark from the trees on his place, selling it at about £9 per ton. Little or no cultiva- tion is done. The owner tried to grow artificial grasses without first breaking up the land, the attempt however was not a success. On one paddock at Minto, about 25 acres in extent, all the trees-which have been rung for the last twelve years were lying on the ground with the appear- ance of having been levelled by a gale. Mr. Cole, however, informed us that this was done by his own tree-felling apparatus, the working of which he explained to us. All that is required are ropes and blocks, and a powerlul and docile team ot bullocks. A stout rope 7 inches in circumference is attached to tree as high as possible ; a ladder being used for the purpose. To the other end of the rope is attached a treble block. A double block is then fixed by a chain to the most convenient stump, and a rope 120 feet long is passed through the two blocks, making what is termed a five fall tackle. The team of eight bullocks is then hooked on to the " fall " rope and down comes the tree. Equal strength is required in both hooks, chains and ropes, the former requir- ing to be at least of ½ inch iron. The ropes require to be specially made for the pur- pose, but the cost of the whole apparatus is not great, Mr. Cole putting it at about £10. He states that 40 to 50 trees a day can easily be pulled down with it, the labour saved when this quick process is used in- stead of the tedious one of grubbing, being enormous. After the trees are down no- thing remains but to draw them into posi- tion for burning and set fire to them. Mr. Cole's house is also situated on a site the lovely view from which it is impossible not to appreciate. All Mr. Cole's works in the way of ornamental treeplanting, &c.;, of several years, was destroyed by the great bushfire which swept over the district a few years ago. Since then he has gone to work with renewed energy, and has already succeeded in effecting many improvements which materially enhance the beauty of a naturally pretty place. The difficulties which the settlers contend with are very great, and it is satisfactory to see such evident signs of the progress of those who so well deserve to succeed. Further back from the coast, and in the more hilly country towards Dromana, is Tolcarne, a property of 420 acres belong- ing to Captain Bryant Tonkin, formerly known as a commander in the service of Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons. Some twelve or thirteen years ago Captain Tonkin, having resolved to retire from the sea and settle in the colony, purchased a few short- horns from the west of England breeders Messrs. Hosken, of Hayle, Cornwall. These were safely landed here, and became the nucleus of a small but select herd at Tol- carne, the young stock from which have on several occasions been successful in the show ring, and have, when sold, realised fair prices. One of the imported cows, Garland, has been a wonderfully regular breeder. She is a grandly framed, heavily fleshed cow, in colour a rich roan ; she looks as well as possible, though she is now fif- teen years old, and has just produced her eleventh calf. Another fine cow having calf at foot, was Countess of Oxford 2nd by 7th Earl of Oxford. The sire at present in use is Grand Duke of Derrimut, by Mr. Teasdale's 17th Duke of Derrimut, from 11th Duchess of Derrimut. He is a com- pact, evenly fleshed young bull, of a taking roan color. Another animal worthy of mention was a red roan two-year-old heifer, Countess of Oxford 3rd, by Garland's Ad- miral - of fine quality and even lines. A good looking red bull calf five months old was running in the same paddock. The characteristics of Penmarl (29538), the sire imported and first used by Captain Tonkin, are observable in young stock des- cended from him. Tolcarne is subdivided into paddocks of a convenient size, all the timber being rung. About 60 acres are cleared and divided into paddocks of from 9 to 20 acres which are either sown down with English grasses or used for growing hay or green crops for home consumption. These are grown upon very much the same system as has been al- ready detailed in the account of Coolart and Western Park. The soil of the hilly lands is of a rather better quality than that on the more level country on the Hastings side. About Tolcarne it is a chocolate, which on the hill sides becomes dry in sum- mer, causing the crops of mangels, potatoes maize, &c.;, to be at a standstill if a length- ened period of dry weather occurs. Captain Tonkin's crop of mangels looked very well, though it showed signs of beginning to suffer from the drought. The varieties most grown are Sutton's Mammoth Red and Intermediate Yellow, the original seed hav- ing been brought out by Captain Tonkin twelve years ago and used continuously ever since ; 1600 roots of Yellow Intermed- iates were selected from last year's crop and planted out for seed in the month of May, in rows of six feet apart, the plant be- ing placed 4 feet from each other. After a crop of mangels is taken off it is gener- ally followed by peas or barley, and the root crops follow maize. Only small quan- tities of peas and barley are grown, but the yields are generally excellent. Last season's were 50 bushels of Chevalier bar- ley and 40 of peas per acre. Of the former much more than is required for horse and cattle feeding was grown, the crop turning out better than was expected. The peas are used for fowls and pigs. It is usually Captain Tonkin's practice to fatten 150 wethers every year. Lately however he has taken to keep a hundred or so cross- bred ewes for breeding, Lincoln rams being used. His last season's lambs are October ones, this month being rather late for the district. As on Mr. Been's and Mr. Teas- dale's places rape is frequently grown as a winter feed for sheep. Previous to sowing the land receives 2 cwt. of bone dust to the acre. The site of Captain Tonkin's resid- ence commands a lovely view of the Bay, the Southern Ocean, and surrounding coun- try. The barn filled with oaten hay and barley straw, cowsheds, stables, yards, &c.;, are all commodious and handy. In the matter of road communications the people appear to be badly off, neither the road to Hastings nor the Dromana one being at all times fit to travel on. This state of things very much retards the clearing and cultiva- tion of land, occupiers being compelled to confine their attentions principally to pro- ducing what possesses the power of walking to market. - Leader. 