Agricultural and Pastoral MR. R. G. Gilbert, of Netherby, Tiaro, the well-known Clydesdalc breeder, has kindly forwarded for our inspection nicely photographed likenesses of the four Norman-Perchoron horses recently imported into Victoria, a notice of which appeared in our issue of 15th of last month. Mr. Gilbert, who was recently in Mel bourne, had an opportunity of carefully ex amining the animals, and, viewing them as he did through tho eyes of a practised judge of Clydesdales, his opinion of them will carry weight with many. He takes an exception to the Leader's choice of Bayard as the pick of the four, and selects Mustapha as the best. He, however, thinkß that the gray horse Figaro will take the general eye most, as he shows the greatest quality. Judging by the photos, wo are inclined to endorse Mr. Gilbert's opinion. His description of the horses is so minute and clear that we make no apology for quoting it entire :—" Well set on head, great crest, wide in the chest, with an arm and shoulder not to be beaten by any Clydesdale, with grand quarters, well let down, good gaskins, wonder ful knees, and good clean hocks. From this down I was greatly disappointed, thinking to find them with good clean bone of the right sort, and good feet. The bone is inclined to be gummy, and the feet small, with pointed shape. Their back-ribs are Hat and slack; but as sires to get 'bus colts they arc the kind to have, and will suit large sheep stations 'out West. lam certain they would not be patron ised by any breeder of good draughts between the Murray and Melbourne." The horses have all been sold. Two—the dapple-gray, Figaro, and the black, L'Africaine—have been retained in Victoria, at 260 and 170 guineas respectively; and two have gone to New South Wales— namely, Mustapha, roan, to Mr. Campbell, Barron River, at 180 guineas, and Bayard to Mr. Thomas M'Farlane, Jerelderie, at 240 guineas. Our old friend, Mr. C. R. Haly, whose con tributions we have often welcomed to our columns, is again urging on sheepowners the necessity of conserving and purifying their pastures by periodical burnings. Few will question the fact that occasional bush-fires tend to keep the pastures healthy. Indeed, this is the only means that can be adopted for the wholesale destruction of the germs of fluke worms and Cumberland disease which have, at times, decimated our flocks and herds in some districts. Many, however, dispute the wisdom of adopting this mode of improving the quality of our indigenous grasses; but, as Mr. Haly points out, most of our inferior grasses are seeding grasses, and, as they are strong growers, they jostle the less hardy but more nutritious grasses out of existence. Destroy them by fire before the seed is skaken out and they soon disappear from the pasture, and their place is taken by the more valuable grasses and herbs. Mr. Haly quotes authorities to show that the charred remains of the old grasses act as a stimulant to the pasture. The manner in which they act in this respect has been illustrated in this way:—Suppose a certain area of pasturage to be strewn over with leaves and twigs of trees, these would not improve, but, as is well known, tend to sour the pasture. When, however, they are con sumed by a bush fire, the charred remains act as a valuable stimulant, and the consequence is a speedy and improved flush of grass. Of course the improvement of grasses by means of burning is only advocated as an expedient in the case of our natural pasturages. Where cultivation can be adopted, and the quality of grasses controlled by that means, a resort to wholesale burning otf is needless. But periodical burning has been advocated on other grounds, and, amongst tho rest, for the destruction and prevention of scrub growth ; and several who have adopted Mr. Haly's advice have borne testimony to the value of the practice in this respect, having, by judicious burning, reclaimed large tracts of country now carrying healthy flocks of sheep, which for many years past had been almost totally use less as sheep pasture. Will none of our farmers, or those of our sheep breeders who cultivate artificial grasses, give the chevaux-de-friae hurdle system of grazing a trial in this colony ? The published results of this system of feeding sheep in the old country read almost like fiction, and would by many, possibly, be regarded as such were it not that the experiments under the system have been carried out by cool calculating Scotchmen. The results of this system on a few acres of indifferent land at Colinton, near Edinburgh, last year, were referred to by us on more than one occasion. The results of the experiments during the present year are even more astounding. Any bush carpenter could manufacture the clievaux-de-frise hurdles, which are composed of a spindle from 10ft. to 12ft. long, and from 3in. to 4in. in diameter. This spindle is pierced by auger holes at dis tances of about 12in. apart, or just sufficiently far apart not to admit of a sheep passing through between the spikes. The auger holes are bored at right angles through the spindle, but each successive hole is at a different angle to that of the previous one, as in the spokes of a wheel. Wooden spikes, 4ft. long are then driven through the holes, projecting about 2ft. on each side of the spindle; the hurdle is then complete, and can be rolled over and over with ease by a small boy. A narrow strip of pasture land is then fenced on both sides—with a tem porary fence, if necessary—and two lines of fence, composed of the revolving hurdles, placed right across this strip of land, from one side fence to the other. The sheep are placed in the space between these two lines of hurdles; the size of this hurdle-enclosed space must be regulated by the number of sheep, but in no case must it be large. An attendant, at short intervals, rolls the front row of hurdles for ward a certain distance, and the back row must also be moved forward an equal distance, so that the sheep are always confined to a certain fixed area of pasture. The whole success of the system drpeu J.s upon the sheep being con fined to a limited area of pasture at a time, and on the moving of the hurdles being so regu lated that the whole of the grasses will have been depastured without having been eaten down very close. In no instance must the sheep be folded, at night on the pasture. If irrigation can bo applied to the land the results are correspondingly greater. The effects of the sheep-droppings on the land, by this system, have been almost marvellous, par ticularly on grass that has been afterwords cut for hay. An illustration of the proverb that "necessity is the mother of invention" is now on view in the seed establishment of Messrs. A. J. Hock ings and Son, Queen-street. A western squatter, whose name we withold, experienced a want in dealing with stray plants of the Bathurat burr, and conceived the idea that a hoe of a certain pattern, having a long handle, would prove of service to be used by boundary riders and other station hands on horseback. Communi cating his idea to Mr. Hockings, tho latter immediately sent it to the firm in the old country which manufactures and forwards his garden tools, &c;, and he has just received a sample hoe with a somewhat largo and strong eye to receive the handle, and a blade about 3in. in width and 6in. in length of sufficient substance to give strength and weight for the work required. The tool appears to be admir ably adapted for the special purpose for which it has been made, and should prove exceedingly serviceable to runholders as well as to large landowners. 