Dislnucrtivs. FIru.--On Saturday last as the mail trus was passing Now Lawn (near Wagga \VWaggs), a spark fromn the nougine set firo to Bald win's house grass paddockl. Mr. Baldwin saw the grass take fire and oudeovourod to put it out, but it rapidly spread throgis a lano into Hayes' wheat paddock, and 60 acres of standing wheat, on which tlo striltlpper was to have beeou put on Monday, caught fire. ThIe fire destroyed about one mile of flecing, notue outhouses, sld ilu orchard containing many years' growth of fruit-treeos; also stockl-yard and gallows. The hlouse itsolf was saved only by great exertion of unighbonro and friends, and it wns near upon sovoue o'clckt befioro the lire was oubduoed. The paddock of 50 acreos of swheat was totally dos troycdl. Adjoiuing thereto was aoothcer paddockl of 97 seacs; bet rnuning alongside hlo fnceo and divid ing the two paddocks lay a green slip of about throee seers. Had this caught, nothing could have Ipreventled thle fire spreading to the larger paddoek, swhlich contained 150 tons of wheat and hay stacks, the crops theore haIving buoun haIrvested. VWe under. stand that Mr. HLayes is about to itstitutt proceed. ings against the Government for loss3 sustained. Tuhe growing crop was fully 100 yards fromn the railway liue, and also protected from its boundarias by chipped lanes. There was either nio park. catcher attached to the euginuo which was the cause of the destruction, or if so, it signally failed to per form the fIuctions clainmted for it.--Wagga Wagga E~xpress. T'I:rints.-Telegramls from Tenorsa stato that a discovery of gold has bron mado which is causing soeine excitemnot. Periman ani party report lhaving unearthedi a 7aos,. nugget Ginu. below tihe surfaco at a slpt about thlree-quartersc of a mtilo east of the old lead at Rl:d-hill farm. The discovery is in entirely now graound. T.'he place lhas been visited by Itundrceds of persons, aund a number of claims have been already peggedl out. Itsi'oiroTNT T'oe BUNs.-TJioh appeal againust tlhe decision of Justice Faucett, in the cquity suit of Campbholl v. Bauk of New Stoth WVales, camen bufore their Honorss oi Tueaday. The suit had been brought to redcom laind mortgaged to the Bankc of New South Wales, lwhich tihe bank foreclosed some years ago, aud still remained in possession of. Tho property had gone up in value, and the plaintiff claimed that the dolfndanots had no right under their charter to hold land otherwise than as security. The pltiutiff furtlher hold that he was not prevented Iromn claimini the said land, although foretlosed, on pay. mnott my hins of the money advanced and intorost. His HIonor the Chill-Justice was of opinion that the defendants could only hold the land for reimbursau-. mont, and not for profit, therefore they must give it lp. Tihe defendants had possession of the property, and tlhe question was whlether thety could hold it for otlher than rceimbtrssmcnti . IHis Honor ruled that they could not, but while concediug to the plaintiff tbI right to couao in and redeoem, the plaintiff nusti reimbursac all oxpeuscsi but if the plaintiff pay the vwhole amount, principal and'interest, and costs of the first trial, before Marclh 61, hle will be awarded the ltipeal. Mr. Justice Wiudeyer aud Mr. Justico Intues concurred in the decision of his IHonor the Chief-Justice. Mr. A. HI. Simpson, and Mr. uKnox, iustructed by Mr. N. A. Mbuniotg, appeared for the plaintiff (apluellant); Mr. Orcu, Q.C., Mr. Darley, Q.O. iand Mr. lf ounting for tho respondents.--Daily Telegraph. 'T'ut baitsres.Artos CoSveSt, Iiar.-Tho founds. tiontstone of the Prosouetation Convent was laid on Sludaty, in tho presence of a very largo concourse of Ietuple, tthe ceremony being performed by Father Murljhy, in the unavoidablu absence of the Bishop of Guiulburn. The hnilding will be of brick, and thu style of atrchitecture dnomestic Gothic. A largeo school i counotexin with the convent is beiug orected, andt tihe wholle, iwhen ilished, will form a handoomo adldititu o tilo the pIbliO edillees of Iliay. The architctCa aire Messrs. Tallttit, G(ilbert, and Denuchey of Mel. boutrno. .1200 was tobseribed at the ceremony. Fit'n: roEst Yass.-A tire occurred ou theo 20th instani t at 1tL residence if Mr. Johnson Boll, the initiutlnauc mtano on tho t.tudalr'o roadtl, twho lives iabout six milcs from towr oni thle Yass tiver. Mrs. Bell was very ill in bed at the time the hlouse-a wooden builling--was fontdt to be enveloped in tnllies, anid it was not without much difficulty that sIho was carriedout and taken to a neighbour's place. The Ihouse, kitchen, furniture, and in fact everything that the poor man possessedu--with the solo exceptiou of a dray that fortunately hIappeoned to be some distance from the house at the time of the conflagra. tiou--vas totilly destroyed. Thie sick woman had only just recovered frost tler couollcntenst, and con sequently tile shock to hier systein was something consideorable. The origin of the fire is unknown; but we presume an iniluest will shortly be held in order to endeavour to ascertain the caise. T'Iho house was the property of Mr. tueckmastcr.-Yaso Tribune. Largeo bush-fires ragti all round l'arramt tta on Stitda-y. A large qlancity of fenciug was destroyed, and it was only with grost dilliculty that the flames were preventedt fromn spreading to the surrounding buildiugs and orchards. The loss sustained through the fire at the Vanlo of Clwydd mine, Lithgow, is estimated at £3500, whiuh is covered by iusuraneu. The company are rapidly putting things again into working ordor. Nearly 160,000 persons have already paid for admission to the Ctalcutta Exhibitious, and thl Iundian Pioneer says that M. Joubort is at present one of the mosut importaut meno in the country. 