LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. 'ieears. Tro' aeid Ewers held an crangelistic servicee in the Temperance Hall lest evening. There were about forty persons present, two or three of whom showed a disposition to catechise the speakers at the close of the mooting. It was announced that another service would be held in the hall on Wednes day evening next. Lnat evening MIr. J. Ivett. president of the West End Ciicket Club, handed over to our custody the financial result of the recent entertainment for the benefit of the widow Evans, the proceeds of which, supplemented by several private subscriptions, amount to the highly satisfactory sum of £Ll I6s. Cd. This very tangible outcome of the ellorts of thei club will, we are sure, prove extremely gratifying, not only to the bereaved recipient, but also to the gentlemen whose exertions on her behalf are beyond all praise. We are in the toils now. The air is thick with smoke from bush-fires, everything seems to evolve calorie, and as we write-S9 p.m.-the mercury ' rages" at 90 degrees. Cressbrook did not escape during last Sunday's storm, for we learn that great dasmage was done to several buildings, and a heavy tali of hail played no uuimportant part in the general disturalmuce. The committee of the Ipswich and West Moreton Agricultural Society met at the School of Arts yesterday afternoon. Present: Mlessrs. J. Scott (chairman), F.. Hf. Mead, W. A. Smith, sen., W. Tatham, P. L. Cardew, P. Brown, H. Maruens, T. Shepherd, A. J. Stephenson, and the secretary (Mr. C. F. Chubb). Arequest was received from the pro prietorsof thlePleter a?l Farmeer an rLYoutlSe rn World for the insertion in those journals of the society's ex hibition advertisement, but it was decided not to comptly with theapplication. A copy of a letter to the'Lands Department, claiming compensaetion for the resumptibn of the show-grounds was read, as werealso a large 'batch of letters from gentlemen a,?ing:, to accept the office of judge at the De onmher show, The secretary reported that he had invited the Governor, Sir Anthony Musgrave, to ppen the exhibition ; and also that he had requested tlse Coimiiseioier for Railways to grant the usual psivileges of excursion trains, free carriage of ex ibitebyyril,&e.; MAr.E. Bostockwas uuaimopsoly elected a member ofthe committee in place of Mr. J. Hockley, sen., resigned, The customary errange? monit for the'exhibition were then made, Mess's. Brown, Cardew, Marcus, and Stephensoun being ap pointed a receiving committee, and Messre. Chubb and Smith a luncheon committee. Some minor mattorshavingbeen discussed, the mteetingadjourned. A.'ery enjoyable picnic in 'ionnection with the Jeal Blue Ribbon. Society [writes our Glamorgan Vale correspeodent) :was held in Mr. Chas. Den ;ring's paddockat Glamorgan Vale on Friday last. Theieom pay began to assemble about 10 o'clock, and byinner-time there was a good muster of old and. yo'ag. Messrs. W. Deunmig (secretary). J. Walton A. M'Donald,aud Pates exerted themselven, daring the day, in promoting the pleasure of the visitors. Mr. Flolschmanu was very successful in furnishing amusements in the shape of races for the juvenile portion of the pleasoure-seekers. The secretary, too, had erected a merry-go-roud. which weas' sarely.idle for a moment during the whole day. Dinner waos provided about- half-past 12, and ten made itse welcome appearance shabout 5. The fun was kept upantil nearly 10 o'clock, when the p:al 4iock was deserted,' all declaring that they ihad thoroughly enjoyedbthemselves. The following is the report of the state of the Wsoogaroo Unatio Asylum for the week ncoding l lth November :--In the house at last report, 298 males Xl54 "females -since admitted, 3 males 1 female; diseharged, 2 males l:female ; remaining, 299 males 254 females. -The medical superintendent desirea to 'acknowledgo, with thanks, the receipt of a parcel of eenrltpaper,from S. P., for the nuse of the patients. We have to 'ecord another /aceident contributed to by the unfenced 'state of the Feassifern railay line. On Tuesday afterinoon last, a valuable light Iarnese horse, the property 'of hIMrs. MI. Johnston, wa aso injured that it had to be shot. Thils mishap oomirred near what is known as the Chinaman's 'tiully bridge; bietween which nod Ridge-lane thei line is fenc?pn either side for a few ehalins where i psses thrbugh rel?nismed land. It sntms that, as th'down trai from Hlarrisvillo wtas entering Little Ipwich, a couple of Mrs. Johnstou's hlores-a hay ecd am'heenht-were ledino close to the line, near iEdge-lane. ' tartled by te' train, they galloppsed ioeatslm nes ?aUs d, strange to say, kept close to the enUii Co~m¶t tthetridge, which is a pretty high one;andvlh?idi -pprbached by an'emihankmnent of so?se site,. tbe b€y hoise "ran?hled deown the earth bk on ones side, while the chesout attempted to coss the line, apparently with the intention of doieng the same on tihe other side. Tihe cow-catcher (ore itorse-catcher in this instance) caught the poor aimdal, feorced him on to the bridge for a few yards, and finally shot him off obliquely to the bottom of tle stone-laid face of the embankisment. The horse got up and hobbled along saomes yards dawn the gully, where' he stood quietly, though suffering in. tense agony. Thie principal injury consisted of a broken; or. rather maingled, aind leg. 'hie skin below the book was'out, and the joint was wrenched out, the bone gprotruding. The animal, of course, had to be put out of his tmisery. He was used for drawini the utore cart, and must have been worth 525 or .30 It is not reassuring to reflec what might easily have ensued if the horse, instead of being thrown cleasrof the bIridge, had been janmmedl among the tihnbers. It is just possible that the whole train might have been landed at the bottom of thelembankmesit. The bridge, we may state, is in ab ollow, and is approachetd cither way Iby a dn gline, there being, of course, a steep asient at the oppositeextremity, so that trains must tra'el to wards the structure at fair sp-ed. Ip4 h.is atorning' issue appears an advertisement from the Lands oeartment, containing particulars of a'land sale which is to be held at tOl le?swich IUd Office on the 11th of December next. Atmong thb ?odn iots are several near the Parth, comprising whitlis known as the Agricultoural and Horticultural Society's grounds, some on the Woodend road, ami one in the town of Fingal, parish of Taylor. There are also to be offered a nuimbler of submlrban lots at Goodma, Grandchester, and Gatton, and a country lot in the parish of North. At the Police Court, elsk. on Tuesday last, before Messrs. F. Lord and W. H. Ilrodic,..T.l'., Ciatles Collin, pleaded "Guilty" tonchartgeof havigiriven a snob of horses from the Logan to Esks without having first provided himself with a way-bill. liHe weas fined £LI and 4s. Odl. costs of Court. George IMdlin was sued by Hugh Fitzpatrickl for non-pay ment of £4-wages due-buot neither party aplpeared and the case was diismissed. At the Petty lc-ltsi Court, George Jones sued Michael Gaeno for the suanm of £6 15s. ld., for goodslsold. A verdict was given for planitiff, with 10s. costs. We remind members of the loundanha qtuiiti'g Cluband miners generally of the meetings atmouned for this evening at the Prince Alfrted Motel, ]loival. A very good muster of members of the Fire Itrigade turned out for practice ni 'Tuesday evening last. Leaving the station in Niicholas-street, they pro cended along ltast-strect, dowet Limestone-strero, and back into and along Bris-ltae-street, practising at various localities on the route. The pressert of water was very satisfactory. All thi attilsers were present, but the supcrintetuodnt gave the eompasy si charge to the newly-apsointed No. 2 captain Pass more, who acquitted himself creditably. To-morrow it the day appointed for the nominatitt oh eandidateafor a seaton thf Mutdapilly Divisioial Board in the room of Mr. Edward I'esder. After the lapse of a few weeks, a ? uic Riiiibonac meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, on Tius day ervcting last. Mr. E. W. ]Hargreaves presided and there was a moderate attcndlaue. l)During the evening Mesers. Cihristie and t::ith gavre adIhsss, and at the close of the mecting. wllioln, oa thle ?l?hi!t, was a very successful ione, a few new iiiiiliblus ?.ere enrolled. The ladlies interested in the biazar in aid of the buhailding fund of St. .Johnl's ?'eparii and the iiclu for the enslargemett of St. Paul's Su?lay ,lhotl are invited to meet st the rectory, lpawich, timteirn afternoon at 4 o'clock, for the p upose of cet:itig a committee and transacting other busincr. 'The residents of liarrisvillearc to libe 'ongirait ulatL,' iupon it most lotable addiition to the Ilbuln-st, ck tIhe district. Mr. A. Mol'at, who is well-.n...' i that locality, has importsed, from New Zealand, a fine two-year- old Clydesdale filly. Ier ial:e, we unditertnld,is Lillic tiladdo, andl athe is iby Ih'li,', a well-kniown prie-itaker in New Zealaii, hlier d;iam being lMiss laddo, by Lord Itahlo (imp.), it 'f Lillie (imp.). Lord l?ddo was a notedl prix tak:t at all the shaliows aout (lasgiow, aind Lillic I. i: l, bcfore leaving Scoutlind, gained first prizei; (' irca0 with, Uatehouse, and tilcuigowi. She ilc1o e e k i ix first prizes since her advent ill News Zialild, Mid was never baites in her da. 'lThe iite sting straniger dls aiticed safely ini llrislane, adl will gliorily appear i jir poCw ihome at Hartieville. At the Gatton Police Court, on Tuesday last, be fore Messrs. J. Philp and WV. R. North, J.J.l'., Michael O'Mlara was charged with having, on the 8th instant, at Tenthill, stolen somne money, the property of R. Cox. Sergeant White conducted the prosecution. Five witnesses were examined, from whose evidence it appearedl that prisoner had been engaged as a shepherd by Mr. lPhilp, of Tenthill, but he only stoppedl one day, and, during the night of the 8th instant, hlie opened a box in the single men's hut and stole one live- shilling plece andl seventeen old coppe r coins of difllirent nations, the property of hticlardCox,amother sarvant of Mr.l'hilp's. Prisoier left after committing them theft, Next miorning the matter was reported to the Gotten police who promptly got opin prisoner's tracks and Coustable HIanlon arrested him at lfelidon and recovered the coins, which prisoner had given the harmnaid of the Railway lhotel, at lelidon, in payment for two drinks. The coins were produiced and identified. At this stage prisoner pleaded "Guilty," and asked the Bench to deal withl tie case sunnmarily. He was accordingly sentenced to three months imprison menit in Jlrislane Gaol, with hard laboir: Harry Taylor was charged with a similar offence -viz with larceny of 6s. 6d. Sergeant White, as before prosecuted. Senior-Constable Atkinson and two other witnesses gave evidence, from which it was elicited that prisoner, who is a stranger at Laidley, was drinkiig, on the 10th instant, in the bar of the Bridge Hotel, at Laidley, kept by Mr. Giesemann. During dinner hour prisoner was in the bar alone. Mr. and lrs. Giesemann hearing money jingle, both ran in, and found prisoner behind the bar taking his hand out of the cash-box. Giesemain said, "What, are you stealing my money?" prisoner held out his hand, and offered him 6s. 6d. in silver, saying, "I have done wrong." Giesemann then sent for Senior-Constable Atkinson, and gave prisoner in charge. It transpired that prisoner was under the influence of drink at the time, but knew what he was doing. The case hav having been proved to the satisfaction of the Bench, prisoner was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment in Brisbane Gaol, with hard labour.-The annual Re vision Court for that portion of the Stanley Elector ate. which is comiprised within the Police District of Gatton, was also held. The same justices presided. The annual lists were first revised, and the names of fifty-seven persons who had died, left the dis trict, or lbeen disqualified duriiig the year, weere struck off, nineteen new nanses bieiiing added to the roll. At the monthly Liceusing Court held on Tuesday last-present :-lThe Police Magistrate, and Messrs. J. Brady, S. Shlentoni, and C. C. Cameoron-a general publican's licese rwas granted to Hugh Slhlanks for the Churchill It,. There were yesterdcay evening, in thie iimmiigration depit, at North Ipswich, cigihtei single imen labourers-and one miarried couple awaitinig engage ments. Yesterday's D. D. (aet:?e says :-On Tuesday afternoon his Worship the Mayor received the fol lowing telegram from his Excellency the (Governor: -Thei Governor desire Ito express to the inlhabitants of Toowooihla his dce oncerin at the disaster which has hiappened to the toisin by the tornado of Siunday, sanld his sympathy with the dlistress which lhas beei canused. If there is necessity for public subscription lie will be glad to contribute." The following teniders for supply of rolliug-stoek for the iailways of the ealoiy (says Tuiesday's Gourier) were opened at the Courliisioner for Rail ways' office yesterday afternoon :-Spriugall and Frost, twelve brake-vans on liune, £324.1: in cases, £13159, R. A. Ritchie. twelve binke-vans on line, £1.0 ; eight composite carriages. £8ti000. tiudson Bros., twelve brake-vras on line. £6300:.; eight comi posite carriages, £10,000. Queenslandl Carriage M1 anu facturinlgGomepanuy--Th ree comnposite carriages for ICookltown, in packages, £3210 on line, £3285. Twio composite esrriages for Blssi tsrg, in packages, £2014 ; oin line, £20014. 'JThree ceposite carriages for Mackay, in packages, £3098 ,s.; on line, £3173 5s. Five brake-vans for Mlaryhorough, in packages, £1120 Go. 3d. ; on line, £1893 Gi?. SI, Three brake vans for Bundaborg, in packages, £919 13s. 9d.; on ine, £l04 13s lid. Two irake-aists for Cooktrown, ini peackages, £GG003 2. Gd. ; oil line, £913 s?a. id. Two brake-raus for Mlackay, in packages, £02S Ps. Lid.: on line, LiD5S O. Id. Tecundera for tweu'?ty goods waggons for the Maryborouegh Ratilway were received as follows :-Tooth and Co., £1230 each ; J. Walker and Co., £213 aclh ; Qoesusland Carriage Manuofaeturinig Company, £207 each. In aur(Corierk-frrpar of the Ladies i racelet l acet it was stated that it wais the rider of l'aulie who was th cause of Mr. Willisms's accideit. lMr. Taylor, however, states that ltulie wias some lengiths in front at the time, and therefore the accildent must be attributable to the careless riding of one of the other amateur jockeys in the race. Mr. Williamis himself cannot identify either horse or rider, so the niatter iimust remalin in miystery; and though the accident was a severe one, the doctors report fas'oir ably on the ease, and everyone must be glad that it has resulted in nothing worse. The usual torchlight procession in conncetion with the fire brigadles demusstration (says last FIrilday's S. MAl. Hliral) took place last night. The i i iinir, comprising, hesides the Sydney conltingent, the largest niumbuer of liremel that has yet visited Sydney from Victoria, iuualiced throngh the principal streets of hle city, aiid occasioned a great deal of cosmotion and rowdlyism. Unfortuiately i con siderable amount of damage Bras lduna to is number of the prihcipal shops in Pitt-street by several young roughs irwho followed the procession. 'The police in terfured as promptly as possihle ; bout, owiing to the large coUcourse oi people, they founiiid it exceedlingly dillicult to appreheundl the evil-dolrs, who carried cn their acts of destruction with a kind of liesdibh delight for some conuusiderable timeo. Six arrests were effected, hut ot hbefore up0 ards of £30 worth of daimage was done through the hrieakig of windows hby stone throwing. A good deal of resistance wase onfired to the police, an1 two or threi couustables camie in for some rough handlling, but fortunately they were not enriuusly iujuied. From the Nooribroon Argus of the 7th inst-ot we extract the following biographic sketch of the late .Mr. F. It. Nixon, editor aoil moaoager of the journal mention?l ano'e : - Mr. Nixon was born in I'o'gloool in 15830 and was the son of Captain Nugeott Nixot. a distinguishted naval oallicr. te was educa teoid rst at one of the groat public :ehools taol afterwards studied trelitti,:olure, -oJaoi:g with credit all necessary ex tolnatilos anld hlitmtatetly aluopting the sciento n, a itrofcsi.it,. Ahbout 15i he c,0te to V'ictoria, lItu remained itl thatcoiony about tet\dy yells. dutring which tlti? te h a td voutlis t ax peurienees, ;both in countction wtith his orighuel lrofession ould a, a jarnatlist. B.ing t lsa'o of singular ooergy uand onlauted pll:k, he speedily oitaindo a pumionntt lpou?ition, and lois name will long he rele:tube" . amorong.-t southern prese.en 'to oneo o tio I ionree; 1of journalism in .\?.ltrtalia. \Ylhen the Al.lelooo'e Illrrold was a morning hlo tr ad the leotling V\'ictor:ant jouroal, M r. Nixon heti a reslpotibhle position on its literary stall heing as osoeated with IMr. icoorge Collins Levey, tr. E\atoo, tho late Mr. I)ayle, the late %Ir. lHenry Smith, ilr. Henry 'Taylor, and ,many l 'Ol'r etlrs in the litrary tirtotnteirt, S?us of who:l are t til extant, hut ott ofthe:n ciuther retirel fotnt the o??r or join:d (he great oojooily. Suloequoently the doures.o e,: en c o er t' d tl . ith th e ( r ,' ., o a d . uo 1 1/ A ,Ir .:::o,, which he edlited ao d ma?lageol oacesstolly for sont 0 time, and hie ofttrwar.ds tilled th: lositiol of t ,hi of the /lI,;oe/l:' s ,:'iro or, one of tle IoIttL intht:nti.0 counstry journals ill 'i?h-tooriat. W-rm resir.intg ?'t llatmltn ret "ti yrt, roto . Niton e1, n td .ith his fotaily to Norew ;h rilto s, 7'1, a ?s I lo '.g tolge by Mr.A.t,;..ol, ucestoo 0m a: e,so ,, lioot, io:oi leo, tr o -ru.'tt th ll'atoero iflorot g Adoyi,o ?'e. Ittltlteoru'asholeu-c to Qouoerlaot, ntolJ was fur :,oooioe o ouoocr ti ted ,it'i L the 'I'ownetvillo po'e:. i ronO tO0eOoeo' h,, cauna, 0 ]toHeklatonton about Iour gy:,ars -oo l t joield tior stafeof this paper. re-minintg to)t the ,' t)yino i h o 15o1, when het statrteotd ion is owo lrofetssin u a? 10 c'u ,tet. The,: skill nutl ability ht possor.s' d ',: to be oc(n in tariouso hnilitr? , m 0,1 atbout the toeot, tha t l ' e bn st t.'-, u d't r hi rlo up.. r i, ion o' fromn hie ,e-ifoe, tootaLly or. ttiot-.= s n., oo'1'r ('hlro-lh of I:ngoo?g' ,I the In:.chi e-ohtls :It l..t0 Creek eoorli,,o a l the tlo' gto lit . t fo.oiio-,tmts a; t hoi'l Ito the t ;-:oi.esbt hih , tot I ' .otytt:t d,-,tro ?1o oy 'ht ,. A-' ?'1 t,,,?u .,'e- u.tlt' ag r.I'. Nixoto oElmi ?lbh1 i It.,t u ivo e J lar : .1 ri olrofo-i' o,, ; tit. oi-,wa lt . oo.l , ",,-po . ,, ,-to .ot-t ing elitrou" tfi1 j . ~n::' - . 11 ,.nwi hi.,? h : ti.ld until (hl" (im *l.'(II L, ,!h '1 bI. \°.t hi " add thte, t ,?oho unt tho d: e.:: o. , car,..r il toO io slo th -il , t ois, o wat . i,,ntili I wite ii , l tl 00u-'tit.o, -ot otil' lea t Io'f?a , h .o " m oio't. . 0, li.hrnent oof ho1: lodtit.o oat t lolooo Io to t oo I' al'y ftomo 1,0h nt t t . l l,, iht m nd' thJ l e11 l' r [ + t .. e ,t u 1 1,, lit h,l't m1ii t". (ii , a1 et' ",- : het ,h, ? e. ; ln"S :. " i .t . ?1 . i .,; , u i~.. ' i,1 life, --ro, to 1o :1 to o-yi -or. -or0i -a large futolto . lo l wal h'igolr y to ".'o ,t,:l, 'lad hti, oIo trill t' Ioe'nly flth Iy all ?ho h?ol th of his tjquaiotatce ort riludotip. 