THE MAITLANDS. Bx FMXK MOBLKY. " Well, good bye, old follow. I wish Ioould go with you. I bear the snipe are very thiok np at Bargooma, don't forget to send me down a few braoe if yoa have any luok." " I won't forget," said Victor Levison to his friend Inspector Smith, of tho Doteotivo foroe who haa aooompanied him as far as the Bpenoor-Btreet Btation. "And, I say, old boy,", continued the detective, who looked more like a doctor or a lawyer, than a mem ber of the foroe," don't be making love to She pretty girl in the next carriage who, I acci dentally heard, is bound for the same hospit able house as yourself." "No fear of that" said Levison with a smile; " you know I am a confirmed woman hater." " I know you say so; but methinks yon do protest too muoh sometimes." "I never was more in earnest; and, if it was not that I had promised my old friend Campbell to pay him a visit, I should teal half inclinod to postpone my holiday tmtfi I' was sue that tho eoast was olear of elds *lio are the speoial plagues tent by an.trfdnd providenoe to pOnish as tor oar rids." ' Viotor Levison was a handsome foung fel low of five and twenty, and as the train moved away from the Spencer-street Station, he lay book with a half resigned halt melan choly air and lit a oigar which he smoked in a semi- unoonscioua fashion while ho gazed oat at the shifting panorama whioh he evi dently saw only with his pbysioal organs, while bis spiritual faculties wera engaged in some introspeotive problems. He looked a very well-to-do gentleman too; and one upoa whom the oares of this world Bate lightly. Above the middlo height, well formed and athlotic, there was something in his faoe whioh denoted the man of thought as well as of action. There was a frank look in his olear grey eyes that inspired confidence, while they had a knaok of blazing up sud denly at any eioitement, or sparkling with fun when the oooasion offered, whioh formed a happy eontrast to their habitual look of calm thoughtfulncss. The second eon of Gilbert Levison, Victor had chosen the profession of a banister, and if he had only devoted his energies and talents to his profusion, he would probably have made his in it; but he was something of a dreamer, and, if he had decided for the law, it was only to escape from a profession even more distasteful. He courted the muses, whioh was sufficient to put him outBidc the of decent society; and men who t in ooals by the wholesale, or who trafficked in beef and mutton, while still in the condition of balloeks and sheep, or who made their fortunes by the careful selection of owes and rams, looked upon him with a sort of oontemptnons pity, as much as to say: " well, there's a clever sort of ne'er-do-weel, who writes books and poems and that sort of trash instead of buying and selling and mak ing money-he'll oomS to no good I" This sort of thing in the abstraot, did not annoy Victci' Levison-it rather amused him; but when it came to interfering between him and the girl he loved, it caused a bitterness in bis heart, whioh occasionally found vent in bitter and caustic words, and intensified the feeling of antagonism already existing. "I wonder who the girl is, that Smith spoke at," murmured Levison, as he pitohea his cigar ont of the window, and yawned pro digiously. "Going to Archie Campbell's is ahe? Governess perhaps; and good-looking, Smith safe. Well if she is-and I mast say Bmith has a tolerable taste in womankind I may perhaps fall in love with her, out of sheer spite. Yet I can't help thinking that there most have been some underhand in floqnpeat work, to make Ldcy break off oar engagement. The last time I saw her, poor gw, die seemed nearly heart- broken. I swear aha loves' me, and'I know I love her; then the ... but there? cursing won't mend matters-let me read her letter again." " Dearest Viotor- - If yon knew the grief that fills my heart while 1 writs this letter, which is to release you from our engagement, yon would pity me.' I am torn between my love and my dufy. I love yon, Viotor, I love yon; and I am not afraid to say so, for yon are good and noble, and I gave you my heart, when you told me, tn your own sweet passionate words, that 70a loved me. Oh, Victor, do not think harshly of me. Bear with me, though 1 cannot reveal to you the cause of oar separation. It is-it mast be, God help me-enough that I can never many you. My load is sufficiently heavy to bear in parting with yon, without feeling that yon think unkindly of me. Let ns pieet no more, for I fear myself. My tears Mot oat' the words, as I write farewell.-Tour ojrn, Luci." ? "'.Boor girl I" said Levison, as he kissed the letter, while a not unmanly tear mingled with Hum of his love which already stained the tmoonscioas paper," poor girl I it is now nearly twelve months Eonoe die wrote that letter,~andl have never heard of bersinoe in gptte of the almost efforts of Inspector Smith and. the whole of the detective staff. I wdridftr'what eon be {he doty die talks about. I expect sotae of her relations have bten tilling her that I am not exactly orthodox-a sort of Bohemian, whioh, to soma minds, is equivalent to heathen-and she considers it her duty to tear herself away from the world, the flesh, and-the flevu in the shape of myself. But then, so1 far as I know, the had no relations except her father and mother; the father I never met, and although the old lady was extremely orthodox, albeit, I must confess, a little vul gar, it never streak me that ahe had any objections to a Bohemian son-in-law. Weill well I I give it up," and Victor Levi eon resigned hirn-H with a sigh to the task of smoking a seoond cigar. In the meantime the trafo sped on its way at the usaal high rate of speed adopted en the Viotorian Rail ways of about ten miles an hour, pulling np every eight or nine miles to put down or take hp some passenger, and making the most hideous and blood-curdling noises at every stowage, with an abominable contriv ance which is dignified with the name of a break. Fast interminable paddocks enclosed by post and rail femes, wherein sheep and cattle grazed in peace', apparently indifferent to the huge monster which rushed frantically by them belching forth fits and smoke; put queer little melancholy looking huts, like '{glorified dog kennels, standing in solitary grandeur on bleak-looking plains, and each bearing witness to the former existence of a free selection, and the present existence of a freehold dummy block; past miles upon miles of rich grazing land, where Hetefords and short-homs waxed fat, while their owners were kicked by the friends of the people to eke ont the balanoe of the proverb; past State sohools, where the rising genera tion stopped playing tor a moment or two to sheer the locomotive on its way, or yell do fianoe at the monster according to their humour for the time being; past level cross itgs where queer old cripples, who were help lees enough to be Members of Parliament, opened and shst the gates as U opening and enntting gates was the chief end of man; past grand-looldng mansions, eaoh of which some simple-minded squatter had built up in defianoe of all the canons of art, and most of whom had died shortly after the erection of these palatial structures; past, or rather through endless miles of black wattles, planted apparently for the sole purpose of some day, adding fuel to a huge bush-fire, fated to con sume passengers and train in one vast holo caust ; and then, after having religiously ?topped fifteen times in less than a hundred ana fifty miles, the panting engine palls op at a sort of one-horse station, whioh is for the time being a terminus. Victor Levison was aroused from a reverie by the demand for his tioket, and then he found himself at the mercy of the cabmen who quarrelled over his son-ease and portmanteau and rug, until, having settled their dispute in their own way, he found himself seated in a melancholy looking cab vCi a vu to the fair incognito, whose destination was the same as his own. 