SEVERE WEATHER IN NEW SOUTH WALES. The weather on Monday was intensely hot in Sydney. Sunday was the hottest day recorded in Bonrke for three years. The Government thermometer registered 120 deg. in tbe shade, bnt in some places it was as high as 128 deg. Tbe country around is reported to be in a wretched condition, and stock are dying in ad directions. At Gunnedah tbe glass showed 119 deg., which is the hottest since January, 1SS2. The River Samoi is vezy low, and dead cattle are lying along the banks. Many beasts too weak to travel dropped aroundtho town on their way to tbe trucking yards. At Gulgong on Monday it was frightfully hot. Strong westerly squalls prevailed, with occasional hot whirlwinds, bnt no signs of nia. At ParkeB the thermometer ranged from 110 deg. to 115 deg., with clouds of dust and hot winds. Similar reports as" the excessive heat have been received from all parts -of the colonyt and want ot rain is becoming a serions matter. Bush-fires are' raging in several district3_ A spark from the engine of the mail train ignited the .grass north of Wagga, and tbe flames spread alarmingly, several acres of wheat being consumed. -In the Bega district the whole country ts enveloped in dense clouds of smoke. A large quantity of fencing was bume3, but the inhabitants were successfalin saving their homesteads. Water has not been known to be so scarce there for twenty years. ' The heat .was so terrible at Coonamble on Sunday 'that birds dropped deid from the^treea. The .maximum heat In Sydney on Monday was 100 deg., the atmosphere being almost painfully oppressive. throughout ~the <2ay the city .was jenveloped in a dense haze, caused by the presence of smoke from surrounding bnsk-Sree. Mr H. C. BnsgeH, tiie Government astronomer, rqiorts that the'great heat last' month was in excess of anyilung be can remember during-the past twenty-five years, as nopther December came aear last month |q the pnjoqgad intensity Ofithe beat, ' The ^Leat rematned rery stifling on Monday jught,; h an almost dear cky, ftatil about eleven aBputbedy burster eprangup, tratVithnoagnabfiain.—Argot. ? ? 