ITEMS OF NEWS. The members of the Fire Brigade, under Captain Nicholls, practised with their hose reel in the Square last night. The firemen exhibi ted great proficiency during the practice. On Tuesday night a woman named Mary Milan was brought to the Hospital by - the police in a dissipated and paralysed condition, and suffer ing greatly from the effects of alcoholism. She may be remembered as figuring frequently in the police court on different occasions in con nection with her family quarrels. The attention of miners is directed to the claim of Messrs Teague and Co., of Chewton, which is advertised to be let on tribute. As the mine is situated next to the Central and close to the Forest Creek Wattle Gully Co., a special and favourable inducement is offered to intend ing tributors. The Ven. Archdeacon Crawford left yes terday for Dandenong. Several members of his congregation, including Messrs Merrifield, Best, Hanbury, and Young, and friends, went to the railway station and bade him good-bye for the present, and expressed the hope that he will regain his strength, now that he is released from his charge. At the meeting of the Campbell's Creek Dis trict Racing Club, held on Monday evening, at Appel's Hotel, it was unanimously resolved that Mr Wilson be refunded the amount of ex- penses he was put to in defending the dispute he was drawn into in consequence of the cabmen Cousens, Crowder and Nicholls refusing to pay at the gate on Boxing Day. The approximate returns of mining accidents for the year just ended compares favour ably with those of the previous year, the numbers being as follow : — 1882 : Number of miners employed, 37,446 ; killed, 71 ; injured, 131 ; total, 202. 1883 : Number of miners em ployed, 34,000 ; killed, 60 ; injured, 126 ; total, 180. The intense heat now being experienced ap pears to be geueral, judging from the accounts received. Yesterday the weather was exceed ingly warm, although a light breeze occasionally blew from the south during the day. Towards evening the atmosphere turned cooler, making it agreeable for those who were disposed to be take themselves to walking exercise. At a meeting of the Loyal Devonshire I.O.O.F. Lodge in the Rechabite Hall on Mon day night, the following officers were installed by D.D.G.M. Bro. Henry Evans, assisted by Bro. Allen, A.G.W. ; and Bro Winkle, A.G.S. : — Bros. IT. Grose, N.G. ; W. Baker, secretary ; C. Pegler, treasurer ; Dale, warden; Allen, out side guardian ; Dougherty, B.S.N.G. ; and Winkle, L.S. A cricket match was played oil the Wattle Flat ground yesterday afternoon between teams chosen from the Camp Hill and the Wattle Flat clubs. The game, after some good cricket had been shown, resulted in a victory for the latter club by 26 runs, the principal contributors being Evans 37, and A. Laver 13 runs. The successful batsmen for tho Cauip Hill were Sut ton IS, and A. French 13 runs. The following are the' individual scores : — Wattle Flat. — W. Walker, 2 ; H. C. Evans, 37 ; Beid, 0 ; H. Clark, 3 ; A. Dann, 4 ; F. Laver, 2 ; B. Dann, 0; Filmer, 0; Nicholls, 7 ; A. Laver, 13 ; C. Laver, 2 ; byes; 4; no balls, 2; total, 76. Camp Hill. — Sutton, 18 ; W. Wilson,' 6 ; Keast, 5 ; M'Grath, 0 ; A. French, i3 ; G. Newman, 3 ; J. Collins, 2 ; W. Todd, 0 ; E. Sutton, 1 ; Wilson, 0; W. Newlands, 0.; byes, 1; leg byes, 1 ; total, 50. Mr John Smith, of Yapeen, met with an un fortunate accident on Tuesday night. After leaving the banquet at the Orderly-room, he, along with others, went to the Cumberland Hotel, and on leaving the bar parlour turned round too soon, thinking he had reached the passage, and thus fell down the stair leading to the kitchen. Relief was soon at hand and Mr ..... went to him; and the former, finding the cap of Mr Smith's right knee out of its place, he ap plied his hand to it, and in one push put it in its proper position. He was afterwards taken by them to the Hospital where Dr M'Grath ex amined the injured limb, which had become much swollen, but as he pronounced the knee cap in its proper place, Mr Smith will soon re cover from the effects of this untoward accident. After bandages being placed round the knee, lie returned home. An interesting experiment has just been com- pleted at the Dookie Farm. On the 15th of May last, in order to test the qualities of differ ent manures, eleven plots of one acre each of exactly the same quality of soil were sown with one bushel of seed wheat to eacli acre. The re sults were as follow : — No. 1 plot manured with 2Jewt of Maiden Island guano at a total cost of 15s fid, yielded 21 bushels 21 lbs. No. 2 with 2cwt Maiden guano cost 17s, 21 bushels 41 lbs. No. 3 with lewt artificial manure, No. 2 cost 13s 6d, 18 bushels 42 lbs. No. 4 lewt arti ficial manure, No. 3 cost 12s 6d, . 20 bushels 51 lbs. No. 5 2cwt artificial manure, No. 4 cost LI Is, .24 bushels 7 lbs. No. 6.3civt bone dust cost H Is, 21 bushels 32 lbs. No. 7 lewt. No. 2 manure cost 13s 6d, 21 bushels 4 lbs. No. 8 lewt artificial manure, No. 3 cost 12s 6d, 21 bushels 40 lbs. No. 9 2icwt Maiden Island guano, cost 15s Cd, 19 busfiels 3 lbs. No. 10 2 cwt salt cost 9s, 22 bushels 18 lbs. No. 11 not manured at all, yield 17 bushels. The results thus obtained will necessarily be of considerable advantage to farmers in all parts of Victoria, as all the blocks submitted to the test were of exactly the same quality of land. - At tho monthly meeting of the Mechanics' In stitute Committee held last night, the Secretary intimated lie had received a form 'of application for a portion of tho Government grant of L3000 for tho purchase of books for public-libraries, which he will have filled up and forwarded. From a financial statement submitted; it was seen tho overdraft is L191 10s 6d. Accounts were passed for payment for L18 15s 2d for the Institute, L4 0s 6d for tho free library,, and L4 for the School of Design The aseat of Mr Ross on the committee having become vacant for de fect in attendance, Mr D. L. Henry was elected in his stead. An authorised officer of the Salva tion Army having called upon the Secretary to ascertain on what terms the hall would be let for six months, a discussion arose as to the pro priety of letting it. On the one hand it was re presented that the meotings of the Salvation Army are noisy, and attended by so many per sons of rough and rowdy manners that the singing and noise which would ensue would dis turb the members in the reading- room. The other aspect of the position was taken, which was to the effect that there are not many persons about Castlemaine belonging to the "rowdy" class ; the meetings are now under the conduct of captains and officers; and that the meetings will not be more noisy or cause greater disturb ance to readers than concerts do or entertain ments. The financial question was also consi dered, and as the debt of the institution is on tho increase, it is expedient to have it reduced by letting the hall. The six months' term would .cause the School ..of Design to seek for another room, and may render some arrangement re quisito with the Church of Christ adherents. Finally, it was determined to call a special meeting to be held on Monday evening, as the number present preferrod having the opinion of the full committee boforo determining on so im portant a .'matter,. Castlemaine (remarks the World) stands to Victoria, politically, in tho same relation that Midlothian stands to Great Britain. It is the centre fropi whenco tho Premier of the day sends 'forth tho announcements of his intondod policy, and delivers his extra-Parliamentary 'spoeches. It was at Castlemaino that Mr Ser vice, ton months ago, published tho programme of the Coalition Ministry, and on Tuesday night, at the same place, lie reviewed their labours during the past session. The town, indeed, may almost claim the credit of hnving formed the Coalition ; for there is no doubt that the project might have fallen through, if the constituency had not so opportunely provided Mr Servico with a seat. The merit must also be awarded it of taking the lead in tho popular demonstrations in support of the Federal Convention, and of being to the fore again in advocacy of federa tion. A most disastrous fire took place at 2 o'clock yesterday morning oh Mr J. B. Tuckett's pro perty at Biddell's Creek, whereby tho large wine cellars, buggy sheds and contents were entirely burnt. It is estimated that about 50,000 gal lons of wine were destroyed by the fire, the origin of which is attributed to incendiarism. Application has been made to tho Chief Com missioner of Police for tho services of the black trackers for the purpose of tracing any footprints near to where tho conflagration occurred. It is, however, feared that the result of their search will prove unsuccessful, as the ground is too hard for any perceptiblo impression to bo made on it. At Beechworth, the high winds which were prevailing on Monday, caused a number of bush- fires to spread rapidly amongst the thickly-tim bered hills around tho town, causing consider able damage to grass and fencing. On Tuesday morning the Topaz Gold Mining Company's crushing plant, situated at Clear, Creek, was fnkallv destroved bv fire, which Swept down upon it with such rapidity that its progress could not bo checked in time to savo tho machinery, which is insured for L2000 in the Commercial Union Company's offico, but that amount will not cover the loss. The Topaz Company has only recently been re-organised, and tho destruction of tho mill is therefore unfortunate. Some consternation was caused amongst the passengers assembled at tho Flinders-street rail way station on Tuesday afternoon when it be came known that a man had attempted suicide by cutting his throat. The would-be suicide, whose name has been ascertained to be James M'Connell, about 30 years of age, secreted him self near a stack of wood, behind the refresh ment-rooms, and deliberately cut his throat with a razor. He was discovered by one of the lamp- triminers lying on his right side, with a wound about 4in. in length in his throat, from which the blood was flowing freely. He was at once removed to tlio Melbourne Hospital and ad mitted. Every attention was paid to him, but the medical officers aro doubtful as to his ulti mate recovery. Nothing seems to be known of tho man, but after his removal to the hospital, a couple of boys were found sitting on a swag outside the barrier, at the eastern end of the station. They stated that a working-maii an swering the description of M'Connell, had asked them to sit on the swag and not to give it up. This swag was taken possession of by the rail way authorities, and in it were found a couple of butchers knives and a steel. When found, the man had a razor clasped tightly in his hand covered with blood. He was not entirely desti tute, a3 a few shillings were found on him, but it is believed that lie is not in his right mind, probably from the effects of drink. The man Shepherd, who was suspected to have been on the premises of Richard James, at Malmsbury, on the night that a cow owned bj' tho latter was stabbed near the "udder, was charged with being illegally on the premises at the Malmsbury Police Court on Tuesday. Mr Nicolson, P.M.,- and a number of local J.s'P. occupied the bench. Detective O'Callaghan, of Sandhurst, prosecuted, and Mr Armstrong, of Kyneton, defended the prisoner. In cross-ex amination it wn3 elioited by James, the com plainant, that he did not call out' Shepherd's name when disturbed on Thursday night last, as stated by him. He could not identify tlie pri soner as the man who was on his premises. He was not sober on the night in question. A man named Jas. Trench (councillor of Malms bury) stated: to the bencb Jnot on oathlt James owed the latter two weeks' rent for a house, and Shepherd took a summons out against him. James had made the statement in reference to Shepherd that lie would " have it in for the dog." Mr Armstrong endeavoured to make out that James had stabbed the cow him self, just to get Shepherd into a row. In answer to Detective O'Callaghan, prisoner denied that this was so. It was given in evidence that Trench had told some one that he expected Shepherd to moke his will in favour ; of him (Trench). Shepherd is an old man with a good deal of property. The police read out a number oi convictions against nim. rue ponce magis trate stated, after hearing the evidence, that he did not think it was sufficient to convict, . as James had stated that lie ' could not identify Shepherd,- and also that he (James) was not sober on the night, and Shepherd would be dis charged. Mr Charles Bodgers, an old Ballarat resident, is again amongst us on a business visit, says the Star. He has of lato beeii working on the Bar- net-Falk diamond-fields, Bingera, New South Wales, and, according to a statement made by him, he has succeeded in securing 4000 diamonds in return for 12 months' work. The diamonds range in size from half a grain to eight carats. Mr Bodgers lias shown us a few of the brilliant specimens, but as we do not profess to be skilled in lapidary business, we are unable to say much about tho quality of the stones. The lucky ex- Ballarat resident further states that so far his success in diamond-finding has only been the re sult of scratching the surface of the ground, but with tho view of further development Mr Bod gers says that ho llas Bold the lease of the dia mond-studded ground to a company of diamond merchants, Messrs Falk and Co., and that lie has joined them in securing that portion of the district which is so rich in treasure. ' The value of the ground or property contained in the lease is at present estimated at LI, 000, 000 sterling. Mr Bodgers has coino to Ballarat for the pur pose of purchasing suitable machinery for " rooting up " the diamonds in Bingera. Earthquakes still continue to be felt in the north of Tasmania. At St. Marv's there are two or throe shocks every day. Very severe shocks occurred on the 1st and 4th inst., ac companied by loud noises, which lasted a long time. Recently, a scientific gentleman, who was on a visit to the north part of. the Island, was in tho chamber of a mine only 30ft below the surface, when he distinctly heard the rumb ling sound usually accompanying earthquakes, but ropes, etc., remained undisturbed, though at the same moment on tho surface clocks were stopped, and bedsteads, etc., wore shaken. What may be the result of these terrestrial dis turbances scientists cannot tell at present, but they aro being noted with interest, and may prove useful data at a subsequent time. Archibald Forbes, writing a special letter from London to tho South Australian Adver tiser, says ho recently urged tho Prince of Wales to visit tho colonies. Tho Prince's reply was that ho had never ceased to entertain a de sire to visit Australians, of whose affectionato treatment to his sons, the lads had been eloquent on their return, but that affairs of State so persistently stood in the way of any lengthened absence on his part from England, that ho had been forced to relinquish tho hope that it would ever bo possible for him to make time for a voyage to tho Antipodes. Grave in convenience arose by reason of his six months' absence from England on his Indian tour, and his Boyal mother is moro wedded to her seclu sion than ovor. There was a miraculous escape from a serious acoident at Ashtou's circus, at Ewmavillo, near the Queensland border, on Tuesday night. Tho performance had just commenced when a thun derstorm came o.u, breaking tho centre polo. The tent collapsed and caught fire. Thespoctators were much alarmed; but the flames were quiokly extinguished. Soveral persons were in jured. Another sensational find by the Wil Extended at Gympie was reported on lues- day. Specimens containing 700 oz of gold were obtained. The following is the report of the Royal Mint, Melbourne, for the week ending January 7,1884: — Gold received, 38,943-55 oz ; value of gold coin and bullion issued, £21,270 10s 6d. The fourth ostate is well represented in the Ballarat battalion of the Volunteer Militia, no les3 than 20 newspaper men having joined, in cluding reporters, compositors, etc. A man named Charles Cooper, on being ai- rested at Adelaide on a charge of obtaining money by false pretences, took poison, and died within an hour. The Australian tour is now evidently becom ing fashionable. Amongst the passengers by tlie incoming steamer Orient, oxpected at the close of the present week, are the Marquis of Bute and party. A cable message has been received from New York, stating that the new business of- the Equitable Life Assurance Society of New York exceeds 80, 000, OOOdols., or about £16,500,000, being tho largest business by many millions ever transacted by any company in tlie world. Tho price offored for potatoes by the Warr- nambool produce merchants on Saturday was 30s per ton, but, owing to tho lowness of the figuvo, the amount of business done was small. A lare number of farmers are willing to sell .at £2 per ton. The theft of about £8500 worth of gold is re ported from Tasmania, one of the Beaconsfibld mine owners calculating that, by nefarious operations extending over some months, he has been robbed by an employe of amalgam and gold valued at the sum named. The police are investigating the matter. A disastrous fire has been raging at Tuppal, 30 miles from Deniliquiu, since Saturday. It commenced on the seloction of a man named Greggory, and extended to the adjoining areas owned by Waters, Jamieson, and Irving, and thence to the Tuppal run. About 10,000 acres of grass have been destroyod, and a large quantity of fencing burned. About 40 men from the surrounding selections have boen en deavouring to extinguish the flames, which were got under on Tuesday. A peculiar accident occurred on Tuesday even ing in tlie Princess Dagmar Company's mine, California Gully, Sandhurst. While a man named Broughton and his mate were drilling a hole an explosion occurred, injuring Brough- ton's hand and leg, but not seriously. _ As the men had not charged the hole it is surmised that some nitro-glycerine must have entered some fissures caused by a previous explosion and that the concussion incidental to the driving of the drill caused the accident. A fatality under similar circumstances occurred about three years since in the Victoria Gold-mining Com pany's mine. An accident occurred on Tuesday morning in the Odin Company's mine, Inglewood, by which a miner named Bealty had a narrow escape from being smothered. Bealty and a miner named Treffenberg were employed at the 170ft. level clearing out a drive worked many years ago, with a view of ascertaining the nature of the work done. The former, despite the instructions of the mining manager, began removing an old set of timber without taking due precautions. A fall of earth ensued, and Bealty was buried in the debris, narrowly escaping with his life, as it took over half an hour to get him clear. He was eventually removed to the surface, and thence to tho hospital, where it was found that his left leg was much bruised. To show liow a letter may go astray, an Albury correspondent of the Ovens and Mur ray Advertiser states that Miss Kate Lipsett, of Albury, last week, received a large Christ mas card from Mica TTaiicIat, -f Rlotilcr Tl,c envelope was not cut at the ends, but left open. On Miss Lipsett opening it, she found another letter inside, and, without looking at it, opened it, when it was found to contain nothing but a LI note. She then told her parents that Miss Houston had sent her LI, and never said what it was for. Upon producing the small enve lope, it was found to be addressed to the Bev. Father O'Connor, Myrtleford, and no doubt was a Christmas-;box for the rev. gentleman from a friend incognito. Mr Customs-officer Lipsett im mediately despatched the missive to its right ful owner. A fatal coach accident occurred on Tnesdav morning about 10 miles from Port Macquarie, on tlie Manning-road, (N.S.W.) by which two passengers were killed. The driver left Port Macquarie at 5 a. m. with the mail coach, on the' way for Taree. By some means when about 10 miles on the road the brake gave way, tlie horses became unmanageable, and tlie coach was upset, killing Mrs M'Kinnon, wife of tho public school teacher at Port Macquarie, and another passenger supposed to be Mr K. M'Kenzie, of Bondi, a commercial traveller. The driver of the coach had his collar-bone broken, and Mr M'Kinnon, the husband of the deceased lady, was much injured, as also was his daughter. The coach was smashed to pieces. An inquest was held, when a verdict of accidental death was re turned in both cases, no blame being attached to the driver. The following instance of sagaoity and affec tion has been furnished to the Talbot Leader by a correspondent : — "A mare belonging to Mr Eustace, of Nuggetty Gully, near Talbot, was turned out with her foal to graze on Boxing : Day, as usual. About noon sho i-eturned with out the foal, and neighing loudly. Mr Eustace at once concluded that something had happened to tlie foal, and enquired where it had last been seen with the dam, and, mounting her, at once attempted to proceed in that direction. She re fused, however, to obey his will, and having ob tained his permission to " go her own way," galloped off towards a patch of diggings near tho racooourse, keeping up a continuous call as she travelled. Suddenly she stopped near a shaft nowly sunk, and on her rider dismounting and examining it, ho discovered the foal at tho bot tom, which, it is needless to add, ho took out as soon as possible." From recent files of Cape Town papers, we take the following items of news : — " At QueonB- town information hns been received that three small diamonds have boon found at a place in the Transkei, and the earth for some distance round the spot is believed to be diamondiferous. A party has gone out on a prospecting oxpedi- tion. People are going there in large numbers from the surrounding districts. No more finds have boen reported. In the opinion of diamond diggers prospecting tliore, the ground is dia mondiferous, but shallow. At Kimberley re cently, whilst the natives were knocking off work in Do Beer's mino, a catastropho occurred which resulted in the loss of several natives' lives. It appoars that throe boys, working in tho bottom of tho mine, saw a small piece of ground fall from above. Thoy ran out of tho threatened danger, at the samo time shoutin" something about ground falling. Some of tho natives, who were on the top, rushed to tho edge of the mine to ascertain the oausoofthe noise. Whilst standing there tho ground on which they were gave way, precipitating them to the bottom of the mine — a distance of 200ft. It is supposed that 30 boys were on the ground at the time it fell. Five wero killed, one of them being completely decapitated, and five seriously injured. At the end of November there wore 50 cases of small-pox under treat ment at Felstoad's farm, in Kimberley, and throe more deaths were reported. Tho diseaso was, in some eases, of the most fatal type known." ' About ton thousand inhabitants of Newfound land are codfishormen, and tlio average annual' value of tho results of their labours is L250.000 or" L25 por man. Tho quantity of.dried .cod-fish pro duced during a season, is riffipiitrefghty thousand 