v w THE committee of the Mechanics' Institute m find themselves placed in a rather awkward position by reason of some stupid difficulty raised in the Red- Tape-and-Sealing-Wax Department. It will be remembered that one of the principal sources on which they depended for the funds to build the new hall, was the amount due l'rom the Government for the piece of spare ground required for police purposes. After a good deal of troublesome negotiation a definite agreement was arrived at for the sale of the land for a given sum. The bargain was made, the committeo fulfilled in every way their portion of the contract, and on the faith of obtaining without further trouble what was justly due to them, they contracted a very serious liability. That liability has now to be met. The contractor for the building requires payment, and the money which ought to be available for the purpose is not forthcoming. What the precise nature of the difficulty is, we are unable to state in technical terms, but in substance the result is this, viz.: that the money for the land cannot be handed over direct to the trustees, but must bo disposed of in some way that will involve very serious delay and possibly heavy legal expenses before it comes into the hands of the people who alone have a claim upon it. It appears to us that if this extraordinary determination be adhered to, the committee will bedealtwithveryhardlyindeed. Butfor the assurance that this money would be immediately forthcoming they would never have incurred tho very serious responsibility in which they aro now involved, and it .was clearly the duty of the Department to have informed them of the conditions under which the amount would be payable before the ground was transferred. As it is, the committee have been misled throughout the transaction, and have every right to demand that they shall not suffer thereby. It has been said that a coach-and-fotir can be driven through any Act of Parliament, and surely some means can- be devised for oirer- 0mil l s any petty technical difficulty which may statidin the way of the liquidation of, this just claim, in a prompt and straightforward manner. LEGITIMATELY nsed for the destruction of useless trees and for thus promoting the growth of grass, the right to ringbark is one the exercise of which should have the effect of increasing the value of land to the leaseholder, without injury to anyone else; and so long as it is used for such purposes alone, no one has any cause for complaint. We are informed, however, that on certain stations in this district the permission to ringbark is rather too liberally construed by the lessees, who appear to believe that the privilege is conceded not only for the purposes above-mentioned, but also to enable the runholders . to bar selection of the area. It is stated that not only are the useless trees ringed, but that timber valuable for building and fencing is ruthlessly destroyed, so that a selector taking up any portion of the land would have to cart all the material required for his improvements from places miles distant. As already stated, the result of such a wholesale demolition of timber must have the effect of rendering the country valueless to the selector. Such a consequence may or may not have been foreseen by the lessees question, but it was assuredly never contemplated either by Parliament in passing the Eingbarking Act, or by the Minister in granting the permission to ringbark, and some steps should promptly be taken to provent it. The whole tendency of recent legislation on the land question has been to check monopoly and smooth the way for bona-fiie settlement, whilst the practice to which we have referred furthers the one and seriously impedes the other. OUR Beechworth contemporary in its issue of Tuesday last refers once more to the exed question of the Upper Murray railay, and puts forth another effort "to ake the worse appear the better cause." As the article in the main consists merely of a reiteration of rather weak arguments already worn threadbare in the cause, it is unnecessary to make any lengthy rejoinder. We cannot, however, resist the temptation to offer a few words of mild astonishment at one rather remarkable statement put forward. Our contemporary, in referring to the relative values of land in thickly-settled and in sparsely-populated districts, makes the noteworthy discovery that pastoral country where there aro few inhabitants is more valuable, acre for acre, than country where there are men, women, and children as well sheep. It says :— " We totally deny the assertion that the cost of land over the 39 miles between Beechworth and Huon's-lane ' must necessarily be much greater than the 18 miles from Wodonga to the same point.' In fact, the contrary is likely to be the case, as in the former ease the population being thicker, and the holdings of course smaller, there would be little or nothiDg ior consequential damages; while on the latter route, with its sparse population and large estates, the consequential damages lor cutting up the pastoral land would be excessively heavy. In fact, we have every reason to believe, judging by former experience, that the cost of the line along the Mitta would, from this cause, be far more than people generally imagine." It need hardly be said that this is indeed a revelation. People have hitherto been under the impression that the converse of the proposition held good, and that the mere fact of land being subdivided and occupied enhanced its selling price. Perhaps, however, everybody else is wrong and the Beechworth organ alone is right, on whichhypothesis it may also be that the construction of the Beechworth branch railway would be a justifiable and even praise worthy undertaking. We fancy, however, that, like the lunatics in the aBylum who believed they were the sane people and the outsiders mad, the Beechworth journal will have some difficulty in making converts to its faith outside the limits, of T&dmor.; THE RAISFALL.—The rainfall for the week has been 2 points, making l°84iu. for the year, ! . THE EIVER.—The' Murray yesterday • was ' 6 inches over eummcr level. • , - p ( : INSPECTOR . OF SLAUGHTERHOUSES'.—Con-,, stable F. Boss has been appointed Inspector of Slaughterhouses at Granya. .. THE MABCOTTE CLAIM.—It is stated.that:a crushing of 120 tons of stone from the Mascotte claim yielded 179ioz.ot gold. REGISTRAR OF BIRTHS AND DEATHS.—MR. J. T. Webb has been appointed deputy!registrarr of births and deaths at Chiltern. WODONGA CEMETERY.—It is intimated that in fnture no interments will be permitted In the Wodonga cemeteiy until the fees are jSSid. BOARD OF ADVICE.—Mr. Samuel Ellis !has been gazetted as a member of the Board .of Advice for the Mitta Mitta riding ol the Shire ofTowong. BETBANGALAND SALE.—The sale of Crown lands at Bethanga has been postponed until 28ih March. The land to be offered comprises a long list of town lots. ALIIORY BOARD OF SHEEP DIRECTORS.— Messrs. Douglas, Kiddle, Turner, M'Martin, and Grieve have been elected members of the; Albury board of sheep directors. THE LATE ACCIDENT.—We are: glad to learn that the young man named Jephcott, who recently had both legs broken by ran accident, is now progressing tavorably towards recovery. ' THE ODBNIE GOLDFIELD RESERVE.—It is . intended to request the Mayor to convene _a public meeting in Albury at an «arly date to agitate for the revocation of the Ournie goldfield reserve. MINING BOARD ELECTION.—At the annual election on Saturday last of four members ,-of the Beechworth Mining Board, Mr. Joseph Smart was re-elected without opposition for the Yackandandah division. \- • THE OURNIE RESERVE.—We understand that the revocation of the Ournie goldfield reserve, announced in a late iBsue.of the Gazette, was made in error. A later proclamation will be made, again reserving the area. HOSPITAL FETE.—A grand fete in Aid of the funds of the Narandera Ho-pital will be held on St. Patrick's Day. A liberal programme'of athletic sporta has been prepared for 1 the 1 'occasion, including a Sheffield Handicap of 35 S0V8. SHERIFFS' SUBSTITUTES.—The undermentioned registrars of County Courts bave-been appointed as sheriffs' substitutes:—Mr.-H. Harkin, Wodonga; Mr. Stephen Perrottiet, Yackandandah ; Mr. T. K. MelD, Chiltern and Rutherglen. LIBEL ACTION.—At the District Court on Wednesday the action of Cattlin v. 0. Adami, in which plaintiff sued for £200 damages for libel, was tried before Judge Forbes and a jury ot four. The jury, after deliberatingTorthree minutes, returned a verdict for the defendant. THE LATE ASSAULT CASE.—We are requested to state that the W. Percy charged at the police court last week with assault was not"MrJ .W. H. Percy, of Albury. We may add that 'no one acquainted with Mr. W. H. Percy would be likely to believe him guilty of any impropriety ol conduct. LAND IKQOIRY COURTS.—Courts of Inquiry will be held as under by Mr. Commissioner Street:—Deniliquin, Friday, 29th February j Moama, Saturday, 1st March ; Corowa, Thurs-. day, Friday, and Saturday, 6tb, 7th, and 8th : March; Albury, Tuesday, 11th March ;. Germanton, Thursday, I3th March. WAGGA RACES.—At a meeting of the'Mur-" rumbidgee Turf Club a letter was read "from Mr. Clibborn, secretary to the A.J.C., statingthat the Sydney Turf Club bad issued^ vprogramme with a good prize-list for 24thjlay,< and expressing a hope that the Murrumbidgee Turf Club would fix dates for their Ailtnmn Meeting so as not to clash with the other.' The committee decided to recommend 30th April and 1st May for their meeting. RATEPAYERS' ROLL.—By a proclamation in' the Victorian Government Gazette.of l( Fridsy, last the following rolls are declared valid':— The general rolls, 1883, for the Hitta i Mi£ta and Towong divisions of the electoral district' of Benambia, and the Towong division'of'the' Gippsland Province, notwithstanding that'the general lists for the said divisions were respectively revised at a court and on. a day-liot ; legally appointed for that purpose. - • '- . PEDESTRIAN ISM AT JIKDERA»—0nr corres- pondent writes :—"Referring to the prqjected footrace mentioned in my last, I fear that the event will fall through. There has-been # good deal of talk about the matter, jbut-ftjipre I fancy it will end. Mr. Mansfield,' however, tells me that he is going to. ^un j a -competitor named Madden in six weeks time, ior -jklp -a side. The distance is 200 yards. This sounds more like business than <the five-mile jiroposal." • : • STOCK MOVEMENTS.—Tiro. Lincoln: raps from Warrnambool to Sydney, Bmnker,,%nji Wolfe owners; 450 merino ewes from'jHowrlopg to Victoria, L. Maber owner.; €00.jmiiea weauers from South Mahonga to Howlong, Thos. Dalton owner; 2286 miied Sveaners from Victoria to Cumberoona, PaUerdan .BROFI. owners; 2000 mixed sheepfrom'Maracfeetto! Albury, Isabella Strachan ' owner; . 50'' fat cattle from Bungowannah to Melbourne,' John Grieveowner. • • " ^ ACCOMSIOD.UIOX FOR THE GRAIN TBAF.FIC. —Messrs. Hayes Bros, bave received-^fie 'jfol* lowing letter':—" Govsmirient'B.ail ^Hs^rmii Manager's Office, Sydney, 22u^FebF}!aiyyj]Mi. Gentlemen.-T-In reply,to your^tfe^fjjiiji 23rd ult,, respecting the inadequate accommodation for the grain traffic at Cferogery stationT I have the honor to inform you that increased | accommodation for this traffic has been recom- I mended for the place mentioned.—I have, &e.;, W. V. READ, Traffic Manager. 11 BINGBABKING.—Great complaints are made with regard to .the manner in which the privilege of ringbarking is being exercised on certain stations in this district. So long as only useless timber is ringed, there is of course no cause for Complaint, but where valuabletimber is destroyed (the: effect is to render the land useless for selection. This may be the object of the lessees in destroying the timber, but such a result can scarcely have been contemplated by the Minister when the permission to ringbark was granted. FIHE IT COBOWA.—On last Wednesday night, about 12 o'clock, a lire broke out in a woolshed owned by Mr. H. Kuschert, about 3 miles from Corowa. The fire was first diecovered by Constables Jones and Crawley, who gave the alarm, and the local fire brigade, accompanied by a large number of townspeople, were soon on the road. On reaching the scene the woolshed was found to be totally destroyed, and the firemen worked until the dwellinghouse was out of danger. The damage is estimated at about .£200, which is partly covered by insurance. A NEW CAUSE FOR BUSH-FIRES.—Our Jindera correspondent writes :—" I have diecovered at last one new cause for many of the bush-fires which from time to time have broken out very mysteriously in this district. A good many sportsmen, of a very amateur type, are in the habit of coming out here on shooting excursions, and instead of using! proper .wads employ bits of rag—sometimes, apparently, portions of their shirt-tails—for the purpose, and this stuff sets fire to thr grass. Last Sunday week I saw no less than seven fires so started by three mounted sportsmen (?) returning home." THE WATERWORKS.—With regard to the delay in forwarding the specifications for the Albuiy water supply, Mr. Barker, C.P.S, ba« received the following telegram from Mr. Moriorty :—" Tenders are invited in the Gazette for I8th proximo for cugine bouse, &c.; The plans, however, were not ready as soon as anticipated, consequently I was unable to forward them to you for the inspection of intending'contractors. Have recommended extension of time for the receipt of tenders, which probably will be granted. When the Minister's decision is known, I will wire you.ggajn." CHIAHIKI'S CIRCUS.—On Monday and Tuesday next this circus will pay a visit to Albury, giving two performances daily. The troupe is one of the best that has yet visited the colonies, including first-class gymnasts, equestrians, clowns, Sc. .The stud of trained horses is a really splendid one, the animals performing feats more wonderful than have ever before beenaehieved in Australia. The performances ol' the Faust family also constitute a great attraction, and are, in fact, a notable feature of the entertainment. The menagerie is also well worth inspection, comprising as it does lions, tigers, elephants, and a host of other animals. THE CALCUTTA EXHIBITION.—In the list of wool awards at the Calcutta Exhibition we find the following local names:—Silver Medals. —Gray -and Neill. Sandy Ridges, Corowa j Thos. W. Hammond and Co., Junee. Bronze Medals.—H. and C. Douglas, North Vanco, by Narandera; C. FuthereUraaugb, Goorianana, Baradine; Grant and Childc, Chah Sing, Moulamein ; Win. Hay and Sons, Boomanoomana, Mulwala; Samuel M'Caughey, Coonong, Urana; James Mitchell, Tabletop station, near Albury; Geo. J. Mulholland, Oura, Wagga Wagga; Alex. Sloane,Mulwala; HenryTarlton Wihitty, Tarramia, Corowa. Gold Medal. —W. Crozier, Moorna station, River Murray. THE IVIORORIAK LICENSINB ACT.—Under the Licensing Act for publichouse, grocers', and wine licenses, it ap-ears all . new license fees go to the Government, and remain the property -of the Government, on the ground that .they are still new licenses. It is stated that there las'"been an infringement by some ofthe municipalities of thelaw. Thcyhavebeen taking money for the new licenses and never accounting for them to the Government; consequently, we understand, between one muncipality and another there is some £2000 to be returned to the Government, and as some of them date back some little time it is thought that the municipalities will not like to disgorge. THE BETEANGA MAIL SERVICI;.—Complaints have been made by persons residing in Bethanga that the mail time-table has been altered in such a manner lhat instead of getting their newspapers on the day of publication, as before, they only receive them on the following day. The alteration has keen made by the postal authorities in order to suit the convemence' of the greater number of persons along the line from Woionga. Hitherto mails were despatched from Wodonga in the afternoon; at ^quarter to 3 o'clock, so that the mails arriving by morning trains from Melbourae reached Bethanga at abont a quarter to 0 « clock ton the same evening. It has been deemed advisable, however, to send the mail on by the early morning trains from Wodonga. . f i S S ^ l ^ ™ - - * " " dinner to -„i r ~ — i u e umoer 10 CP ebrate the installation of oflicere of the Loyal Murray Lodge I O.O.F. was held on tbe evening l&B; A t > at lbc ^"traliao Hotel. t S&S; ir P rovidcd ty Host Smith, 1 T w , as dor,e h y tbe members 6 toaa W t */the chairman P Heartily ?" received "'The Order," aud responded which WflfJ to. The other toasts were " The Newly-elected Offices," " The Past Officer^,'- find some others, which having i been duly acknowledged, tbe remainder of the evening was devoted to conviviality. It had been expected that tbe Grand Lodge officers would have been present at the dinner, on their return to Sydney from Melbourne, but their arrangements rendered it necessary for them to pas? through Albury two days earlier than had been anticipated. . RAILWAY REPORTS.—The Herald states that < l there has just been issued t>y older of the Legislative Assembly a document containing a copy of Mr. Surveyor Melrose's report on the proposed railway between Wagga and Tumbarumba, and two reports by Mr. Surveyor Miller on the country between Cu)cairn, Germanton, and Tumbarumba, aud between Gero* gery and Corowa and Culcairn and Corowa. To the document are attached two maps showing the routes proposed for trial survey by Mr. Miller. These are photo-lithographed insplendid style, and of course atgreat expense. It is not too much to say that not half-a-dozen of the people living in the localities in questman will ever see tbese plans, and to alt the rest of the world they are utterly valueless. It is really too bad that tbe country should be put to so large and useless a cost merely to gratify an hon, member who chooses to move tor tbese papers." ESCAPE FROSL LOCKUP AT TUMBARU- MBA. A man named Murphy, alias Batson, was brought up at the Tumbarumba police court on Saturday, charged, on warrant, with horsestealing. Senior-constable Donaldson proved the arrest, and stated that the prisoner denied all knowledge of the transaction, viz., that of selling 13 head of horses in Albury, knowing them to be stolen. Eeidence having been taken as to the identity of the prisoner, he was committed for trial. On Sunday night, however, he made his escape from tbe lockup. It appears that some friend supplied him with a screw- wrench, and tbe nuts of the iron plate forming portion of the padlock being on the inside, ali he had to do was to take off the nuts, push out tbe bolts and walk out—which he did. Another prisoner was in the cell, but being asleep knew nothing of the escape. It is supposed that a horse was at baud tor the fugitive, who once among the bills may defy pursuit for «long time. LECTURE.—A very interesting lecture was delivered on tbe evening of tbe 21st iust. at the rail wav station by Mr. Galloway, an official ot the Railway Department, who had been an assistant of Dr. Woodward in the lectures and experiments of that gentleman arranged with view to training railway men in their duties in cases of accident. Mr. Galloway dealt at some length with the treatment to be adopted when the proper instruments were available, but he referred more particularly to the steps that should be taken on an emergencv when there were no proper appliances at hand, and when the best use would have to be made of whatever material chanced to be within reach. The lecture throughout was of a thoroughly practical character, and could hardly fail to be of much service to any present who might hereafter be called upon to take steps for tbe alienation of the sufferings of persons injured by accident. Mr. Willis, stationmaster at Albury, occupied the chair. FIRE NEAR TOWN.—A fire broke out on Sunday morning on the grounds adjoiuiug the rcsidcuce of Mr. Edmondson, and spread with alarming rapidity over the entire hill. Fortunately tbe damage done was confined to the destruction of dead leaves and useless timber. For this result, however, thanks are due to a number of volunteers, amongst wbom we noticed Messrs. A. M'Eachern and Sullivan, who worked hard to extinguish the fluu^s. But for their exertions tbe fire would certainly have spread all over tbe common, and might have gone much further, doing an immense amount of damage. It appears to us that when a fire breaks out in such close proximity to the town, endangering the common, to say nothing of other risks, that the herdsman or municipal authorities ought to take some steps to prevent the spread of the conflagration. In the present instance everything was left to the volunteers, who are certainly entitled to some recognition of their valuable services. EXTRAORDINARY ASSAULT ON A POLICE- MAN.—Between ' 1 and 2 o'clock yesterday morning Constable Gilroy was ou duty in Townsend-street, when he heard an altercation in the neighborhood of the Chinese Camp, and on proceeding to the spot found two met) quarrelling. Gilroy interposed, and was at once knocked down and stunned. On coming to he found he was bleeding profusely from a wound on the head, and with great difficulty he crawled to the corner of Townsend-street, where his groans attracted the attention of Mr. Ryan, of the Itoyal Hotel, who at once took him in the house and did all that kindness could suggest for the relief of the man till later in the day, when Gilroy was removed to the hospital. Yesterday he was in a very weak state, and it seems probable that but for the timely assistance rendered by Mr. Ryan, even more serious consequences might have followed. Gilroy is unable to identify his assailants. THE VIOIORIAN GOODS TRAIN.—A FEW week since we anuouncfl, on what appeared to bu the best authority, that the goods train reaching here at 9 am. ff<un Benalla wouli return at 9.20, taking passengers. On the faith of this intimation we regret to Ray a number of townspeople have been put to serious inconvenience. A few davs ago a number of ladies audi gentlemen went up to the station with a view to go by this train. Tbe traio, however, after eh anting backwards and forwards for sometime, ultimatelystarted oft'for Wodonga without approaching tie platform at all. As it was a matter of importance that the party in question should proceed by this "particular train, it became necessary to get a conveyance and drive over at full speed to Wodonga. In order to prevent tbe recurrence of any contretemps of this sort for the future, it would be well if tbe Victorian railway authorities would let it be distinctly understood that they do not intend carrving passengers from Albury by the train in question. THE QUARTER SESSIONS.—Tbe Cmirt of Quarter Sessions was opened bv Judge Forbes on Monday, and the whole of the business was concluded the same t day. J. W. Layton, charged with an attempt to commit a capital offence on the person of a young womau named Emma Briese, was remanded until the next sitting of the court—either Quarter Sessions or Circuit Court, as the Attorney-General may direct,—the jury after being locked up for twenty- four hours being unable to agree. In the case of Quin, charged with killing a sheep with intent to steal it, the jury returned a verdict ol not guilty. A. W. Fleming, charged with obtaining money under false pretences, was discharged, the Crown withdrawing the information on iis being ascertained that tbe moDey had been repaid. The case against Donnelly for embezzlement was not proceeded witb, as the accused failed to surrender to his bail. J. Bracber, charged with stealing a day-book, was acquitted. A full report of the several cases will be found in another column. WODONGA RAILWAY STATION.—Good headway is being made at tbe Wodonga railway station, which have been let in two contracts. The first was for additions to the station building itself, and an extension of tbe old platform SOtt. on the Melbourne side. The additions are being carried out in brick, and follow the same design as tbe old building, so as to preserve uniformity. They provide for a fine lofty dining- room, 46ft. (jin. by 24fc. ; a kitchen, 20ft. by 17ft., with pantries, sculleries, &c.T; attached ; a ladies' waiting-room, 2-1 ft. by 17ft; also, lavatoriee, out-offices, &c.; The work has been undertaken by Messrs. Robertson and Stewart, and will coat £3,355 Is. 3d. The second contract was let to Messrs. Newton and Borland at .£2,766 K»3. 4d., for erecting a verandah on tbe already constructed platform, and providing two Customs thereon, Tbe platform which runs between the Victorian and New South Wales lines is e continuation of that previously in existence, and is 60ft. long. The verandah will protect the whole of this, and will be of iron, supported upon irou columns. The Customs sheds will be respectively for tbe reception aud examination of light and heavy luggage ; and as the platform will be divided by a barricade, passengers will not be able to cross over from one train to the other without being checked. The shed for light goods will be 20ft. by 14ft. !)in., and the other shed 40ft. by the same width. THE RAILWAY BRIDGE.—The works in connection with the permanent railway bridge over the Murray have made unusually good progress sine*, the date of our last notice. The side lattice-work is uow finished, the rivelting is all completed, the ornamental pilasters have been affixed to the standards, aud the standards themselves have becu connected by tbe arches which crown the work. With tbe exception, indeed, of tbe coping ot one of the cylinder*, tbe necessary casting for which has not even yet come to band, the whole of the ironwork may be said to be finished. As evidence of this it is only necessary to mention tbe fact that tbe blocks between the bridge arid tbe temporary staging are now being removed. In this way the first span ol the bridge is supported by the piers alone, aud in a few days more the whole of the bridge will be sustaioed in the same •The work of painting has boon started, and good progress is being made with the flooring of the bridge. More tbao half the longitudinal beams have been laid, and two or three weeks more will probably be sufficient for the laying of the deck plauks and spreading of gravel preparatory to putting down the rails. At the present rate of progress it is estimated that the coatract can easily be finished by about tbe cud of March, although practically there is no need for hurry in the business. The bridge, as previously stated, terminates very little beyoud midstream, and no contract has yet been let by the Victorian Government for the remainder of the bridge. The latter work cannot be completed for many months under any circumstances, and if the Victorian authorities sbnuld decide upon completing the structure with iron cylinders, it will probably take over a year to finish it. ALDORY MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—-A meeting of the cotumillec was beld on Thursday evening, Dr. Andrews in the chair. The other members present were Messrs. Thorold, W. . Sibraiedt, Gul<on, and Wallder. The chairman explained that the meeting had been called to arrange for the ball. A number of ladies and gentlemen had promised to aBsistiu the matter of providing refreshments. It was decidtd that double tickets for the ball be £L jenll^men'* tickets 15s., todies* tickets 10a. Momuj. Thorold an l Abnrcrombie were appointed a ball committee. It was dfcided nse tbe front rooms or ladies' clnak* rooms. A letter was r«>ad from Mr. M'Kav, Wndonjw, enclosing a cheque for £L4 odd, being the balance of proceeds of amateur entertainment. —Acknowledged with thanks. A resolution was passed according the thanks of the committee to the ladies aud gonllcmen who had taken part in tbe performance, more especially I be ladies. A letter was read from Mr. Geo. Day intimating that there would probably be some further difficulty in getting the money for the land, as tbe Crown Solicitor bad advised payment of the money, not to the trustees, but "into court." He (Mr. Day) would, however, do all he could in the matter. It was decided to write a letter to Mr. Dav explaining tbe whole circumstances of the case, and asking him to present it to the Government. A letter was read from the Border City Band, offering to play at the Christy Minstrel concert on condition that they were allowed the use of the new hall for their anniversary ballon 24th May. Tbe subject of si complaint preferred by Mr. Gray with reference to the noise made by brass instruments at dance assemblies, was dealt with. It was decided that in future only stringed instruments be allowed, and that the assemblies close at 12. A le'ter from Mr. Ca«s oflering a price for the privilege of selling fruit, &c.;, at a bar iu the theatre, was beld over for future consideration. ALDURY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Friday last the following cases were dealt with :—Thomas Uyland, a drover, charged with leaving some dead cattle on the MiiHengandra reserve, pleaded guilty. Mr. Nag'e, who appeared for the defendant, said that the cattle bad been lelt as tbey were unable lo travel, but delendaut had given instruct ioos to a local resident to burn the bodies in case the beasts died. A fine of £2 was imposed, with costs. Robert Moore was brought up for protection, as being of unsound mind. Constable Walker deposed to having arrested the defendant upon certain information received. William Leggatt, a boarder at a boardinghouse, deposed to having found Moore in tbe act of attempting suicide by strangulation ; witness cut the man down and gave iniurmation to the police. Dr. Andrews deposed to having examioed the defendant, who in witness's opinion was of unsound mind, and unfit to be at large. The defendant was reminded for medical treatment. Alexander William Flemming was charged, on remand, with obtaining money by means of a valueless cheque from J. M*Arthur. W. H. Piddiugton deposed: I am manager of the Commercial Bank at Tumbarumba ; I know tbe prisoner ; the cheque produced, signed by %t A. W. FJemming," lor £2, was received on 2nd or 4th February at the bank; I returned it to the Albury branch, marked "Refer to drawer. N.S.F.I recognised tbe signature as that ot the prisoner ; on or about 3rd January prisoner came to the bank and asked what hie balance was ; be was told that his balance was i»l 9s. iM. ; he drew £1 ; he left a balance of 4 «. after paying 2d. lor stamps; he went away from Tumbarumba about a week litfer ; five or six cheques drawn by prisoner have been presented since he left; the amount of all the cheques would be about £1Z or £14 ; prisoner was an auctioneer and a road contractor at Tumbarumba ; he always conducted himself well, and I was surprised to hear of this charge. The prisoner was committed fur trial. THE MOHAWK MINSTRELS —This company give a grand entertainment at tbe opening of the Mechanics' Institute on 17th March. v SONDAY EVENING LECTURE.—'TBN IT-v. J. Masters, M.A. (Independent), willKivea lec'iire on Siiuday evening on " Martyrs of iliti E^rlv Christian Churcb." SALE Of BOOTHS —The sale of booths in connection with the Albury races will be liel.l to-morrow by Mr. Ten Briok, at tbe Alburv Hotel. The sale takes place at noou. "ODK Bors,"—W arc requested to slate that the Albury and Wodon»a Amateur Dramatic Company will repeat their performance of " Our Boys" at Wodonga on Friday evening, the 7th March. BOBBIE'S SEED SOWEII. — Dobbic's broadcast seed-sower is a very useful implement, which has only recently been introduced in thi-» district. It is claimed for this patent that bv its use 101b. of seed per acre may be saved. MessrB. Hodge and Hilton are the local ageuts. NEW ADVEHTISEMENIS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this issue :— T. Eobinson and Co'e. agricultural implement*, T. Whitaker agent; trespassers on Mr. O'Bryan's land prosecuted; tenders invited for completing the AYodongi railway ; grand ball on ISth March ; Mr. J. G. Dougharty holds clearing sale at Welaregang on loth March; Mr. Cusack sells furniture at Germanton on Sth March; tenders invited.for purchase of bridge plant; V.R.C. Races to-morrow ; Messrs Monckton Synnot, woolbrnkers ; excursion rates on Victorian railwaysfor V.R.C. Autumn Meeting; Albury board of directors under Diseases in Sheep Act; paddock for sale at Wodonga ; Lennon's ploughs at Messrs. Maclure Bros.; minstrel entertaintment on March 17th to celebrate opening of new Mechanics' hall ; notice from Wodonga cemetery tiustees ; Mr. F. Nantes, stock agent, &e.;, • Howlong j cheap boots at Mis. Wyse's ; races at Little Billabong 23rd April; pair buggy horses for sale ; six-roomed house to let; N.S.W. Racing Company's Consultation ou Sydney Cup ; Messrs. Ten Brink and Thatcher sell valuable town properties to-morrow; boarding-house badness for sale ; Messrs. A Phillips and C >'s. stock Bale ou Wednesday • meeting Corona Braucii N.S.W. Land Reform Association 6ih March ; Messrs. Piggin hold a sale of horses at Corowa 15th March : Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co's fortnightly colo sale W..1...J... Wednesday 6 J 