INCENDIARISM AT HAZEL WOOD. -o The inquest. An inquest was held on Saturday at Hazelwood before Mr. A. W. Howitt, the district coroner and a jury of twelve, touching the cause and origin of a fire whereby two stacks of corn, the property of Donald Shaw, of Hazel wood, were destroyed on the 12th March. Mr. James M'Kean appeared to watch the case on behalf of Mr W. Northway. Donald Shaw deposed; I am a far mer residing at Hazelwood. I remem ber the morning of the 12th Marcb last. I heard a crackling noise as I was lying in bed. This was about day-break, about half-past four. I got up, and on looking our, saw a blaze in the stack yard and my corn stacks on fire. I went over to the stacks after alarming the household. I looked round when I was at the stacks, but saw no one about. There were no bushfires about. The stacks were alright the previous night, and if there had been a fire I should have seen it. There were no swagmen camping there at the time, and no children about except a child of my brother's, who was two years old, and who was at my house the day before. I made an attempt to put the fire out, but by the time I had put a ladder to the stack it was all in a blaze, and I could not stand at it. The fire, when I saw it, might have gone over both stacks in an hour or an hour and a half. The stacks ran south-east and north- west, and the fire started in the south-east end. Mr Marshall and my brother John, and Isaac Woods, came to my assistance. They are my neighbours. I also saw Timothy Gleeson, Thomas Watson, and Albert Cranwell there. I ionot know any enemies that I have in the district. I have had a quarrel with Mr. Northway and hisson, and MIr. WillisaE, and Mr. Marshall, about the water in Bennett's Creek. The stacks were of corn, and I valued them at £SO. Iknow of no cause for the fire, except that they were set fire to. There was a space covered with straw between the two stacks, which was entirely unburned when I got th.re. The straw, which was not raked up all round the stacks, was rot burnt. The stack next the stackyard was about three parts enveloped in flames from the south-east end. To the jury : The corn was wet in the field, but it was dry when stacked, and any sheaf I found damp I kept out. It was, I think, four weeks in stack, and was in sheaves. When I g,.t up the fre was in the outside of thle stack, and not more than sixinches in it. Mr Daffern and his wife are neighboues of mine, and they came to the fire with the others I have named. To Mr. M'Kean: Bennett's Creek formed a morass. Applications have brn madc to the Ministor of Landr, I believe, by several of the residents about here to hase a drain cut through the morass above here to take the water of the morass into Elehole Creek. I know a petition was signed to this effect. I was not burning timber nor were my neighbours doing so, on the day of the fire. There was athreshing machine in the neighborhood that day, with 15 or 16 men. I allow persons to pass through ny land as a near cut to the three chain road. There is a Government road past here, and past Mr Northway's land. Constable Priestly deposed:-On 1'th March last I came to Hazelwood from Morweil, and was shown some tracks near the stacks. I traced them for about200 yards. They led south from the stacks. I covered up the most distinct ones with pieces of wood and box-s. I then returned to Mor well, and sent for the trackers. Before I returned to Morsell, there were a lot of peotle at the site of the fire. I exa mined their bcots, but found none to correspond with the tracks on the ground. I did no examine the elastic side boots that some of them wore. I returned oa the 13th inst. to the scene of the fire, with Constable Kirkham, and the two trackers, Johnny and Mo ses. I showed them the tracks, which they followed through the morass. south from the fire. They followed them about a mile. The tracks came to Northway's house. Constab'e Kirk lam knocked at the door, and Mrs Northway came out, and her son soon afterwards. I brought the son out to where the trackers were, outside the gate. He turned up the sole of his boot, which the trackers examined. Mr. Northway aft-rwards came out He said he " saw a smoke there yester day morning." He went with us to the trackers, and showed the sole of his boot to them, and they examined it. They both said, " That is the loot that made the track we followed." We then went inside with the trackers and examined all the boots we could find, but could not find any te correspond with the track thetrackers had followed, from the site of the fire to the house. Constable Kirkham asked Mr. North way, senr., to come over to compare his boots with the track at the stack. He hesitated, but then came wih us to the stacks. On the way to the track he asked us to go with him and see a creek, and said ' that is what all the b--- noise is about. He also sid'"If I had voted for Shaw at the shire council election there would be be none of this b--y work." He pointed out a block of ground we cros sed, and said " the b--y scoundrel got another surveyor to survey this land." He also said "hegot ab- y scoundrel of a Scotch surveyor to survey it, andts'low it as all on his land." When we came to where thestacks were burned, there were a lot of men about the fence of the stack yard. He said i there are twelve or fifteen more b- crawlers, and d---d policemen." C'nstiable Eirkham then asked him to tiske off hi boot, and let the,trackers compare it. He took off the left boot, and they compared it with the track where the stacks were burned. RMose sad " that is the one, these are your tracks; you can't get away from this." Northway said " they do not corres pond," or words to that effect. North way and others then measured with a rule the track and also the boot. He then said "it is not my track." Cons table Kirkham and I then took a model of the track. Northway said in reply to a question from Kirkham that he had not lest the bt,ots to anyone,aod always wore them himself. He asked, "Am I suspected by Shaw ?" Kirkham said he did not know. On leafing the house, to go to the fire, his wife said to us, " whatever you do, I willswear they were not out of the house that Light." Constable Kirkham and I have also examined other boots about the neigh borhood, but cannot find any to corres pond with the tracks found at the stack. To the jury : I saw tracks about the stack, bat none like those we followed. To Mir Kean: I have seen boots like Northway's but not in this district. The boots produced are the pair. I do not know that such boots can be bought here. I cannot say they are the general kind worn throughout the colony. There is a road running by the garden fence at Northway's house. I do n. t consider this boot of the same pattern-as this of Northway's (a new boot was here shown to the witness). At the stack Northway asked me to measure his boot and the footprint. 1 told him I would not do it, but he could do it himself. Northway asked other persons who were about to examine the footprint of his boot, and the other footprint. Constable Kirkham, stationed at Benalla, who visited Hazelwood in charge of the black trackers, pave evi dence corroborativeof thatof Constable Priestly. Johnny Mourmi, one of the black trackers, whose evidence was taken in accordance with the provisions of sec. 32 of the Statute of Evidence, 1SGJ, deposed : I live at Benalla with Con stable Kirkham, and am a native of Queensland. I came here with Mfr. Kirkham some time ago. He showed me the site of the fire. I found some tracks near the haystack, and ran the track down into the swamp near the fence. I saw it all the way down to house. I found the track outside at the gate and going through the gate. A man came out of the house and I looked at his boots. This is the left boot. I found other boots inside the house. I went back to the hays!ack with Constable Kirkham and another policeman. A man to:,k off his boots. I found it the same as the track down from the haystack. This boot made the track from the haystack to the house. I only saw the track going one way. This is the man to whom the boot belongs. (The witness here pointed to William Northway.) James Gii:edder, senior-constable of Police at .Morwel', deposed: I got the bcots produced from William North way on the 15th March last. They have since been in my possession. I a-ked him for the boots, and he said he would not give them. I said it would be to his advantsge to gire them up, and he still refused. I asked him to give them to me to put a private mark on them, and I took them to the police station. iHe pointed oata creek which he said was the cause of the distur bance. He asked me to come to the stacks, and see the tracks that were there. It was on our way to the stacks he showed me the creek, and said they wanted to turn the water from his di rection. SThe jury returned the following ver dict:-We find that two stack- of the property of Donald Shaw were at Ha zolwood on the morning of the 12th day of March, 1SS4, wilfully set on fire, but there is not sufficient evidence to show by whom.-' Mercury." 