..!LOST. WON; S . Cl fAPTI II. " A STOPR OF sAn 6ISER'S LOVE. ,Who can imagine the night of terror. passcd by the poor girl .in their subterianian'refuge; Theone fthe door ,being dashed'open;:and tie voicsof thle menhad awakened; thelittle slepers; whono~ m clung trembling and whim peringto"? their- protector., .too frightened to cry, while whispers,; passeds ifrom " orie' to anotheroutofipale quiveringlipsir,+mre oa ".God help poor ? at! Oh I that Hatold and' Villie were come I ,Iwthee trknes's off the verandahlthey. hard seca,.ýnothing ofr thd:.a dedlyt~rgedye?;uct; e there, ut soon the crackle of the flames and the lurid glare partly; shone into their retreat, anid -Madge, with dne look ut't closed the door and .made thein draw up into the furthest corner, muttering to herself "'They will.-kliol soon enougih." .' ; . . , Great clouds of soke filled the 'place, but a greater teiror was outside, the shouts and yells of the half maddened wretches that could Ib heard at intervals. Theyjlistened with curdliig blood and creepiig flesh till at:length; human .endurance wasn-over-straiiicil,' arid' dlt idi w)ilth a heav;?-',shdlidering l sighr?sank hono'h faihtring.. le little' girt whr'Eln; i6' her cried in her extremity" of terror " Oh dear! poor Maud is'diad ! Ilow I wish God would take me too, to meet my mamma ini heaven !" S" T?lanki eavcn, they are riding away S said Maggie.. ' Don't you stir. It;may only be a' dodge to'diraw us out, and they may be waiting-'lose by us. Tlcre..is. n. drop- of rum in that pannican on thesh'elf. 'J ust wet her lips with it "Tshant levi ethed'oor,' rcplied '(lai(' "' .!SSlender rays'of .paile light shot'in thirough the orifices in the door telling that the dawn had coineyet no one stirred about; the 'smok ing ruins, save a,dog thia crept round to the,store house and scented fearfully, at the huddled heap, then turned up its head to the s';y and howled as if dinouncing.to heaven the bloody secret.1 - 1 » ' Away in the hush Harold and Willic were driving before them in the dark a vast flock of frightened sheep. Suddenly they scattered in all directions, the dogs barked and growled, and a dusky figure dashed through the midst of them panting and nearly naked. i Harold pulled ip his horse anid pointed his pistol at it.' i " No shoot, Missa Harold ! . Yod$ go home along- a-station fDat fellowi.dam one, two, three, too-nichee-bad, knock- a-old-man down, make. one big.fellow! light at station. Catchelce hite Missee too, all samhe' old woman too-much-rum.' Dis.fellow,give him waddy, all s'ame this I ". and Jacky imitated with wondrous precision- a man felled to the ground. "Whatever can he niean ?" said Willie, " Mcan I It means the coniict servants have seized the station and burnt it. Good heavens," Harold. hissed but betiveen his clefichediteeth, "What .will-be; the:fate, of :Maggic and my 11 - I . or i-?ro.l. kiew what. telode mercies they night exp" et at such htnd -si.' .- ' . . . :," Come-on !, Jacky ! You follow' us p \e will ride on as fstas' we can." ; " "No fsar dis fellow ! -Be at a station 1a same, dani sharp.'" . . . It will be?seen that' if-Jacky' was not alto geth'r perfect in- the' Englisha language, he couid;emphasise his senitences almost as wel as 'some gentlemen'do. He did it as wellas be'could. : . .The 'sheep "were left to' stray, 'ith jaded horses were spurred towardsihome, and as they rose over a' low sandy' rise,;the ridies 'csild take thlir lirectio in which'to ride by a'glare of light and bursts of flanie that told them how irue were Jacky's words; If was a"" Bigone fellow light.": . , , ', ' Away,6over I the :.plans, iheadlnong, haste, while the iestern sky'slowlylit tip with the lda w'y-daw·inind the gorgeous" tints-such 'as painter's palette never carried, or artist hand cbiild'iinever fi'odn'iItal"c"ri acam'oubiiti masses" ofat'lid whiteý pelily" grey,' aid deepest blue and crimsibn shading by impeir ceptable gradations into'the faintest rose-pink,. and broadening, widening and 'deepeningtill the -deepest, ,crimson, seemed pale before' the' lurid glare of the' rising sun;"dartiigi his rais' throuch the sultry atmosphere laden -with the bush.fire smoke.., .., 1 . ; The fearful;. hnxious, trembling' womien heard the rush of horses feet, and shrank:b;dk' deeper-into the' retreat tlntil the?y::hrd the voice of Harold calling;'-and; "stragte.to'!say it was neitthefther nor'sister' nanle tht' sprang to'his.lips first in that' niomeni'bfdre?d. It wass, - " it.; .... . ',, ?: f " '01iOh' Maggie,fcmy' darliiin; '.wher' aic IShe heard the words,. and iknewi the voice well. *,It seemed to'quive'rthidiugh herch'eart, anrid'sed the blood,-that h:id almost' cased to flow' diring that-' asful night-coursing through her veins wivith glowing s'dped'. "Th icheek; which'had: been blanched with ierrori," iflushed rosy red ,itlh'shame and pride arid joy. She knew now-as if she had not found oit the 'secret before-that Harbld loved her. "I .''"T i, IWilie heard the 'words too 1, a a throb t of jealousy gave awrench to his helrt,airid raiseid ani angry glow in hiis bro6w. What-right ' ad anyone, save hiniself,:to 'speFak olf Maggie as his darling .? .. ... .. iOld Madge was not deaf. She simply gave a 'rifii snile''and ?iuttered ".olly good job' ;fdr him ; " .... "" : ,.... . . .Manid did' no hear, she was half-insensible, bhai.ng passed;fron one faifitianother. "3 .,-adge. pushedt the door.' :Harold birushed. ain-"id claspedi'both thIeh:hnds' of 'Maggie' i'"Thaik·i God ' The' little ones clung to hi;,'they'couldl rynow., He raised his sister land;laiil elie. 'onhis shouldert!' The veqy elaiseen'edt'o bring' hei back to coiscious-" nessandshe opend he eyes. Oi. h Harold, where is poor Pa?" ? SIn tht liuriied ruiih into the yid. they, hid not noticed amorngst. the charred sticks the ,ea?.?vhicih?l1 i'once been Harold's faither. a 1,adge. had,.slipped out while' they were ?pe aing,"and was now stooping over it that lay sr, still there.. The grey hair. was singed entthe back of the head...He lay on.his face, - a, he 'ad fallin.when the deadly: blow., from behind s'trck, hini down. She turned the body r:ioadi. The face ?.as not inr'red! She took off her, apron .and reverently covered it, andas slhe did so a tear fell on the still white couiintenance, and was hidden as it fell. Bad as she.was, she was.a woman yet, and had lovedl her kind- hearted master in her own way. :' '.He.vas the best boss they ever had " she said, ?'and there they've gone and cooked him. - I'll see them strung for it yet." .Words. cannot describe the grief of the orphans at the sight of their. father's body. The sadnessof the blow. soeted to stun and. paralyse even their agony..but the duties of life demanded attention, ao horses ,'ere got in and soaqo toe sd prc essin startled to reach the next station, albot forty miles distant,. The half-dressed girlswere packed into a spring cart, while ]Harold ant Willie rode ,y their side as an escort. Madge remainied in clhrge alone, for nothing could induce Jacky to. stay in the vicinity of the dead, 'H.e was ofl to the bush, out of the way,.. The orphans were kindly tended at the neat station by.the. motherly old Scotchwounan there,.andthe body of Mr. Drummond and the servant were buried next day, As soon as the sad ceremony was over, Harold and Willie, well armed, and mounted in the hest horses obtainable, started away--in pursuit of the murderers, on whomn they, would have taken. qiick vengeance had they tict. .But all their efforts were vain, andall they. could learn at last, glfter several weeks, was that'the nati''e trackers had followed their triil till it crossed thei?Murray, into the Port 'Philip disirict.' Thus the. good.old,.maoter of. ,unny~ lanks station "passed away, and Harold, his son, reigned in his stead. Tp i& rarcgomi, 