(FInso r R on oWs CouiESPO::ODENTs.) KotRoxG VTALE, ]t)ircNG, AND l.Sv.. *SANIEL i))IrrIC'TS. Milarch 26th. Beini kinidly invited to take a trip around the Granite hauine :mai other rserved lands by -M; .1 [rving, keeper of the ]ortting lrabbit Etlirpation l)eot.lastl Monday, to see the manner of usiin the arsenic chaff, andi its resiults, I observe:l tile ercatest care exercised by trim in l:aying the chaff out where no stray stockn would be able to get it, and whirre the rabbits are most iikely to find it, ?ld i-a:n of a firm opinion that it would be useless to seni other t:an local men to per form the duties of :laying the chaff out. It requires one who is accustomed to the country in. which they are sta tioned, and where the rabbits' l:aunte are. It is useless to point out all the items respecting the rabbit question, as it has been so often before the public but suflice it to say that if the arsenicat chaff is used in the dry weather, and carbon and dogs in wet weather and harvest time,and dela-tb. less the desired effect woul be ob< tained. I include dogs with the carbon because 1 saw several rabbits killed, whilst out with Mr Irving, by dogs belonging to that gentleman, and when the rabbits are fat a schoolboy can almost catch them, in fact they can when they are heavy in young. If an allowance was 'made for the keeping of a certain number of dogs to those who are employed by tir council or Government a greater amount of good would be done, and in far less time. Thie Mcv. J eTorphett, Presbyterin. minister, preached his tarewell sermon at Borung on Sunday to a full congrea gation. The sermon, which was a powerful one, was attentively listened to throughlout. A young man named Hunt met/ with a nasty accident on Monday whilst rcmoving a plough from a dray at Boruing. The wheel fell on hie foot and caushed it severely, .A narrow escape from an accident happened on 'I'uesday at Borung. It appears that a horse attached to a draly, belonging to a fhrmcr named Leach. was standing in frout of thr, R,orunrg iontel, and by sorme unac countable reason the animal bolted, and but for the pluck of Mr J May, schiolrnasto.r in sranidiug before the aininmal, doubtless a great amount of damage would have been done. For. tu:natly only Ithe Shafts and a little ironwork were breo.ei. riAnorther accilents hrappened on Sun rimdy ist io a youth taimdc Linn,,y whilat procediug homrn onr a bicycle. HIe was rdi;:g at a s:nart p:ee, and wheull llirngrl roi u , ri r d rn corner 'of r mfce run go sist r i lr , l r lrcn'ing hrirn heavily to thie grrrnh, :no susta ined a compoiund fracriure of the left cwrist, and irjnrinr his other wrist. A narrow escape from a serious fire ccuirroed on M3onday on land otiwned by a, man nared liorello, near (r'anie Rane. It nappetrs that he cithe ti y toolt the fire s bra : into It:l crckd but wasi chscked, with so te diolseilty, a i er hburning a few acres of wAn taer fed brten wnt on runelay . l.and owned iy a man named Verly, nisr the PDrung railway station. It wee 'au-, i by a tiait emplroyeil by him, who, while burning of sme timbroun, acciden tall let thce fire break awar into tllhe rasby, alld before it gcotl le checked it hail spread towards the house, where a large quantity of wheat was stached, but was fortunately matrmerd boreing si miles fan rom. Bronchitis is prevrlent around the orong al, several children stfler ing thereby, also sandy blight and diptheria. One of Mr W Wright's sons has u iiciumbed to the clbets of diptheria. A firmer residing not sic miles from the Korong Vale township attempted to carry on a dirty piece of slave driving a few days ago. He engaged a boy to work for Ts per week, and .fter em ploying him for a short time, lured him for £1 per week to another man, but on learning how he was being treated left his employer. When the boy was leaving the man was so mean that he took away a pair of boots from him. The slave driver, I amn sorry to say, is only a young man, and a new arrival in the colony. IHe has been successful in agricultural pursuits, but deserves to be sent back to the place he came from for such mean conduct. I amn surprised that our councillors are not more considerate about the wants of their constituents. Their at tention was recently drawn to the state of a road between HIunt's andl New~ masin selections,but though the monthly .-meeting was held shortly afterwards, no notice was taken of it. There is another piece of road between \V Lai'dlaw's and J Gedry's selections, weat of the .bloruneg railway station, which should be repaired,, as if not there will be a serious accident sooner or later. There is also a drain on this road obout two feet deep, which has been washed out by the rain, and the expense of repairing it would be very trifling. The Korong Vale wheat ma:rket is very dull at plresent, owing-principally to the farmers being very busy with tlheir-ploughing,:buyers only offering s3 5d per bushel for prime samtl'ies. At ioriung the marketl has been a little livelier, and through prices havieg an upward tendency several farmeri have bec inluced to part itwith their produce. 3 :ad is now uffered, and the same price at Mysia. Alter twoi or three days of hot and disagreeable weather, a change came or. Thursday night, about :ine o'clock. During the night showers of rain fell, which have-continucd at intervals u ar, the -preset time. .LEAGR?GR, rfIardl:29. A bushfire broke out here on Thurs ,lay in the grass :paddock of MIr RI Phillips. The fire was first noticed by iIr ] Phillips about nine a.m., who'to ,ether with his wife tried to put 'it out. 1Bcing, however, unable to do so, they sent 'to -the neatest neighbours, who mustlered .in strong force, and-soon ex. :tinguish!?d the fire, butLnot before :200 acre- 'go f i grass had been.desttoyed its o .;in is unknown. 'bout. the same time another fire. ,occurred in a paddock known as lhe -Sandhills, adjoining Mr R C dverts' S:elction. lThe owner was engaged buring-off:stubble, when the firs got .tie maister of him, and-spread into an-i .tther ,addock, where it was, after some, ,dirtieuly, pttt ottt. 