COUNTRY NEWS. e |"B\\- Telegraph.] fPROiftOlIR OAVN'CORRESPONDENTB.) NEWCASTLE, Monday. , Mri Alexander Kethel, president of the Highland Society, ¡gave an interesting locture on Scotland on Saturday mirht, ¡At the Protestant Hall, Newcastle, yvhich wos ciammed. \ At the close of the Salvation Army service") last night, at .the Victoria Theatre, a great disturbineo occurred in tho Street. Senior- constablo Ihompson'a skull was laid opon . fcy a large stouo, wielded by n rtilllan who is not yat »rrested, but íb knoyyn to the police. i Four seamen belonging to tho bnrquo Routonbeck have (teen arrested to-day for brutally assaulting .Tosoph Briddiok fan Saturday. GLEN INNES, Monday. t' Mr. W. S. Gallagher, the local apont for Mows. Cobb pad Co., was thrown from his horso j 03terduy. Ho now lies In an insensible condition, a3 ho is suffering fioni concussion JDf the brain. I GIIÍILAMBONE, Mondât. v Great satisfaction Avas expressed by the residents of girilambone and dißtrict at tho railway contractors being lowed to bring goods up by tlioir trucks. BLAYNEY, Monday. r About 11 this forenoon a sid accident occurred at tho ¡Commercial Bank. A girl named Liz?io Haynes, yvho is a Womestie at the bank, by some means or otlieryet unoxplainod fcaught Aro, and yvas dreadfully burnt beforo tho flames {couldbe o_ti_guished. Mr. Matthews, a chemist, nrrived ,_n the scone, and did all ho could for the poor sufferer, until (the nrrival of Dr. Griffiths, who dressed the burns and otber rwise attended to her sufferings. It is very much feared the Jàhook to the system will prove fatal. . ' About 2.30 this afternoon a servant at Mr. Stacoy's Bamed Core, accidentally eaught uro, nud was much turned. Stacey, with Mr. Sampson, caught her na ehe yvas running into tho street, and saved her from being burnt to death. Stacey is much burnt about the hands. Dr. Griffiths also attended this girl, and did nil ho could to allay her »ufiering. She is getting on favourably. COONAMBLE, Monday. \- The police are searching for tho man named Pan ot, who .«scaped from the custody of a onstablo on Saturday night. ¡The culprit, who is supposed to bo suffering from delirium l_remens, produced a revolver, and threatened to shoot tho leonstable, pointing tho weapon at tho constable's head. tAf ter a severo struggle, tho pi ¡sonor esc ípod yvhilo assistance »as being sought. MOSS VALE, Monday. A largo committee meeting of tho Berrima District Apri «cultural Society was held on Saturday afternoon. Tho .-how will positively beheld on the 10th, 20th, and 21st fCf'March. All entries will closo on the 12th of Maioh, VUready a number of entries have been received. Two black trackers have arrived to search for tho man lost !in Bundanoon Gullies 12 days ngo. Mr. Bell, from the Works Department, has inspeclod tho leountry betweon Moss Vale, via 'AYild'H Meniloyv. to Robort Í'-on, prior to a trial survey of tho light ruhwiy. Ile yvas accompanied by a number of residents and mudo a thuiougn inspection of thowholoof the district east of tho southern railway. The oountry betyveeu Moss Vaia, AVild's Meadow, .and Robertson is lovel and thickly populated; thei aforo this .«QutQ would suit the poopla of Kangaioo Valley. GOULBURN, Monday. A young man named Dowling, whilo yvallaby huuiing on Saturday, was throyvn from his hoiso near Collcotor, und .died on Sunday from the effects of his injuries. COOTAMUNDRA, Monday. The Autumn Agricultural Shoyv ia to bo held on Thura ,day. There will be a splendid d!=plnv of agricultural machinery, the best that has been yet exhibited. YOUNO, Monday. On Friday at noon a ]nr_n fire broke out in Mr. Thomp _on'B paddook about two miles from the town, and continuod Until lato at night, destrovine. a Inrpe quantitv of grass and ¿fencing, the dwelling had a narro»v esrap" on Sunday. A disastrous fire occurred at Bulla Creek, a few miles -from here, on a farm owned by George Summerhayes, one of the most enterprising selectors in the dis- trict. One of Mr. Summerhayes' daughters went out for water, when on looking towards the hay- stack she saw a horse feeding, and smoke arising near the horse's feet. She at once gave the alarm | and her father had nearly succeeded in extinguishing the flame which had burnt out, when a breeze carried it beyond his reach, and within a few moments the whole was a body of fire, which quickly ignited the other slacks adjoining. Altogether, Mr. Summerhayes has lost three stacks of hay, two of straw, besides some agricultural implements, the value exceeding £400. Mr. Summerhayes remembers one of the farm labourers mentioning he had lost a box of matches when harvesting, and the supposition is that in feeding at the stack the horse pulled down the matches, and, treading on them, ignited the stack. BOMBALA, Monday. About midday on Saturday on extensive bushfire broke out about a mile from Bombala, near Mons Paddock. A strong westerly wind carried the fire in the direction of Buckley's Springs and Coolumbooka, where much, damage was done to the grass and fencing of Mr. W. Douch. His residence was barely saved. Fencing and grass on Mr. Edwards' property, Coolumbooka, was also burned. A strong muster of neighbours conquered the fire as it ap- proached the Mova property belonging to Mr. L. .J. Harnett, of Sydney. Some of the fencing was destroyed, and had the wind changed nothing could have saved Crankies Plain, as the grass is dry and long. The fire started again on Sunday, but the residents of Coolumbooka and Crankies Plain were on the alert and beat the fire out about sun- down. All danger in that direction ís now over. The fire appears to be raging towards Mahratta on the permanent common. It is stated the fire originated through the care- lessness of a charcoal burner. ALBURY, Monday. A man" named Hickey hnB just, been stuck up in tim Buburba of the town, chloroformed, nr-d robbed. Two mon have been arrested, and were identified by Ilickny nt the 'police court this morniuif. Thocneo was reniunded for a i week. A rather sensational occurrence took plnca at tbo railway terminas on the arrival of ChiurinPs circus, a boy mime-d ?Carter, who was prying too closely info the oif-o containing tbo tis«r«u earasJia- otu»**»* U1« unimals^whaoh torn oil tho boy's scalp with its clnw anti.iufUotod a,wound on the .head. The wonnd ia not considered serious. . A singular oxcnso for incondinrism was made by n man named Thomas Woodward, charged before Mr. Hugh Strahorn, J.P., of Obley, with having maliciously set firo to n straw stack, tho properly of Augustus Bishop, near Goonoo, on tho 29th January. Senior-constatla fcjhrneder arrested prisoner on the _0th February, and charged him with tho iiboventimed offence. Prisoner enid, " It is tho first time-I did fuck n thing in my life. I never dil such ti thing in my lifo befoio'' At the lockup next day prisoner volun turilv said, "Wasn't hf» r foolish man not to givo me my money and lot me go P ho would havo bud his property now, and I might have had another job. An impudent swtndlo was perpotratcd on a publican nt North Deniliquin on Saturday laut (says Ino Pastoral Timn), by ii lad ubout 13 years of ago whose name is supposed to bo Holly. Some time during tho morning he cunio into the hotel and presented nn order written in pencil on a sheet of noto-paper to tho following effect : "Sir,-Pleaso pay bearor one pound nixteen. I havo not got my cheqno-book with me. William Hawley, Cur niilla." The-lad was questioned as to how the order whs given in such a nmmier nnd on such n piece of pup£r ; mid lie oxplaincd'tkit he had been ongnged to attend to a Hock of sheer) on the run, and had boen found nslopp by Mr. Hawley, m ho dismissed him on tho soot, ni tho earoo time giving him the order, which had boon written in the bugpry. The order wau then p.iid, and the boy wont away. Not fooling Butisücd with the document, tho pubheansent word to Mt. Ilawloy 10 Bpocting it, and was subsequently ndvisod that no such order was given by him', and that it wlis ii forgery. It has m'nao been elicited that tho boy lind buen working for a few days on tho station. Ho was coiisidciod smart and intel- ligent, and another bov who was woi king with him states that he umiihcd himself nt nighttime by ondeAvouring to imitate the signatures of all tho people on the station. The Newcastle Herald relates that an almost fatal case of occidental poisoning took place in Throsby-stroet, Wick- ham, on Tuurt-diiy evening. A Mrs. Wells, seeing a small tonic-lister bottleon the table,containing whnt she supposed to bo brandy, took a good mouthful of tho liquid. In- stantly afterwards sho was euihiring the most acute torturo, for tho cantont« of the bottle contained spiiits of Balts, brought homo a fow minutejs previously by her husband for use in siildoring. Modioal aid w.is «t once sent for, and bofore Dr. A»ho arrived her son und some neigh- bours administered mustard and other omotics, with good results. _* 