ýº1 xaidra & 311a dtltrdaid PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY. ** EXC IE lE dlO I." FRIDAY, 11Trr .JANUARY. F?no almost every district in Victoria alarming accounts have come to hand of I the prevalence of extensive disastrous bushfires. Tle season has been so favor able to the growth of every kind of her bage, that when the hot weather set in the entire country was covered with a long and thick growth of dry grass, so inflam mablo that the merest spark sufficed to set it ablaze, to the utter ruin of the unfor tunate selector, whose wealth of vegeta tian thus became a source of the greatest danger. Many farmers it various parts of the colony have lost all they possessed, and in some instances narrrowly escaped with their lives. Fourteen selectors in the North-Eastern District have had all their property destroyed. In the 5Mysia district similar ruin has overtaken half-a dozen residents. At Rochester and El more :the same destructive agency has offected wide-spread ruin. Indeed, there is scarcely a district in the colony that has not suffered heavy lnoas from bush fires during the last fortnight. South Australia has had the same sad story to tell, whilst from New South Wales thet telegraph wire reports that in soane districts the whole country sideis ahl!az, the smoke fromn the bush fires obscuring the light of the noon day sun. In view of the unusual luxur iance of the now rapdily withering herbage it becomes an imperative duty on travel lers anti others to exorciseo the greatest possible amount of cartion in regnrd to fire. A lighted match carelessly thrown aside by the thoughtless smoker may be the cause of utter ruin to a rnnmbor of selectors and their families. There are numerous other agnc?ies by which the in flammable grass may become ignited, and carry ruin far and wide. The sports man's paper wadding, the fire of the care less bushmen or travellers, the stolen hiatch-box of the playful, but ruiechievious urchin, ocarcely old enough to comprehead the danger of toying with a lighted matcrh. And, worst of all, tihe incendiary, who, to avenge some possibly fancied slight or imaginary wrong, lights his pipe, and pur posely drops the match in a promising spot to accomplish his tiendish act of revenge, heedless of the ruin he nmsy bring upon the families of those who never wronged him in word or deed. Then there are the thoughtless young scamps demoralised by hare hunting, who sect fire to the logs for the purpose of burning out the hares, leav. ing the unquenched fires to light up the country side with the first breath of wind. Sparks from the threshing mnachine are another fertile source of danger, and it behoves every farmer to lookl carefully to the position of tile Irmahine in tie stack yard, and above all to leave a sulficient supply of water constantly and readily at hand to quench the fire in that passing moment when extinguishment is alone possible. Last but not least are the onarrks from passing locomotives on our irilway lines. A ease of fire from this cause being mentioned by our Yea correspondent in ourlast issue. Unfortunately our dilatory Commissioner of Railways has not yet decided on taking any action upon the recommendation of the board appointed to consider the merits of several new\ly-in vented spark catchers. With the present rank vege-tation along the various lines, it is a matter of the last importance to selec tors and other property holders that the MIisister should have decided the question before the smmnor seot in. It should have been his bounden, duty to see that every looomotive on the Victorian lines was pro vided with the most effective means of preventing the escape of sparks, which a smart breeze would carry to the adjacent grass or cereal crop, to the ruin of an en tire locality. At the instance of Mr. LANO. Dos., M.L.A., for Avoca, the Ministers of Lands and Agriculture have decided to issue instructions to the country police, Crown lands bailiffJs, and forest rangers to exercise greater vigilance and watchful. neass in the detection of persons carelessly using fire in the bush. Placards are alsoan to be posted all over the country notifying the penalty to which any person guilty of the offence is liable. Mr. LrsLonos hasl also suggested that heavy goods traine shall be run at night until the harve-t has been gathered in, the slight dalmpness of the night air even aftera sultry day, being considered to lessen the risk of fire fromn the sparks of a passing train. Meanwhile, it is to be hoped that eve'yone will adopt every possible precaution to prevent any further bush fires, and thus save those selectors who have as yet escaped the calamity, from being added to the long list of the numerous sufferers by the recent disastrous bush fires The usual monthly meeting of the Alex andra School Board \las held on Monday last. The secretary reported that the minute book had been by some means mis laid, and we are requested to ask any one in to whose hlands it may have fallen to kindly return tie sarme to Mr. H. S. Long, tihe correspondent. The monthly committee meeting of the Mechanics' Institute and Free Library was hold on Monday evening last, but no busi ness of any importance occupied their at tention. A special meeting of the YeaShire Coun cil will be held on Saturday, 19th January, for the purposo of taking into consideration the appointing of a health officer to the shire. The council will also sit as a ban quet co nmittee on the same date, to finally settle all accounts and wind up affairs in connexion with the lato Ministerial ban quet. The adjourned annual meeting of the Yea Shire Council, which should have taken place on Saturday last, was again postponed for another fortnight, the re quirements of the section of the Local GCovernment Act-" That all councillors shall have written notice of the date and hour of such meeting "-not having been complied with. If visitors seeking a health recruiting part of the' country will glance their eyes over .a report of the cemetery trustees, they will see that the mortality in Alexan dra is marvelously small, the total amount ot-,,?.efrrm all sources only amounting to £16 6s.' TI'flvory-satisfactory evidence of our pure air, combined with scenery difficult to be beaten anywhere, and the now comparatively easy means of reaching us, should entice many tourists andi health seekers into our midst. A meeting of the trustees of tihe come tery was hell on Tuesday ,evening last. Present-Mr. Hardy (in the chair), and Messrs. Edwards, Long, Hill, and the secre. tary (A. G. Moon. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con lirmed. The accounts and balance-sheet were audited and found correct, and the usual abstract signed by the trustees and declared correct as required by law, for transmission to the Lands Department. The balance showed the gross receipts for the year ending 31st December to be £16 6s, and a balance brought forward of £2 19s. 3d., making a total of £19 5s. 3d., while the expenditure amounted to £19 leaving a balance of 5s. 3d. to start the now year with. Ma. Hardy gave notice of motion to the effect that at the next meet ing to be held on the second Tuesday in March, lhe would morve that a chairman be appointed for the ensuing 12 months. The meeting then adjourned. A meeting of members of the Alexandra liacing Club was held at the Freemasons' IIotel, on Monday evening last, when it was decided to hold, if possible, two days racing this year, the dates to be the 17th and 18th ,March, being St Patrick's and thim succeeding day. A meeting is an nounced in our advertising columns for Saturday afternoon, the 19th inst., for the purpose of appointing officers for tlie on- I Ssuing year. A full attendance is requested. Throur h the courtesy of Mr. P. W. Bromtield, we are informed that the Mans field Racing Club has decided to hold the annual races on the 6th and 7th of March. The Victoria Hall, Bourke-street, Mel bourne, under its encrgetic proprietor, A. H. Sinusons, has become one of the most f:avorel resorts of pleasure seekers. The hall has been re- decorated from top to bottom in the most elegant manner, and is one of the mllost comfortable places in Melbourne to spend an evening, the best talent only ocecupying its boards. The hotel and cafd and all its belongings are of the most recherchi description, and the wines and spirits of the purest quality. The lounge upstairs is all that can be desired, the feeling imparted being one of thorough comfort, the furniture being adapted with a view to that end, and the room is supplid with all the papers, in cliding isnterelmiial and illustrated peri odricals, atnd writing material in abundance. Hlere in also tlhe telephlone, by which one can do his iliusiness with any firm in Mel burne ii'f ie siu) diesires. This room is a lboon to country visitors, andil taken in conjunetion with Mr Simmons's aittention c:'nnot fail to be dulliy lappreciated by all lwho use it. Thle Ser. '1T. i. Swift will preach in the SPreshyterianl Church, Alexandra, on Salbaith afternoon next, at 3 1)1.m11., anld at l'aggerty at t a.nil. The Rtiv. W. Jennings will preach at St: Jiohln's Churchl of Englanld on next Saibbath, mnornling and ecvening. We lhavie .ee. reqiuesteld by M[r. Lade to stato tlhat ,we Inis,-repiorted I s utterances at tihe last agricultural lIeetiig. Uri retioirt said, in r'lcreniut ti the audlit, tlhat " the President hald repeatedly as:lked Mr. WVaynlmlthi to have the bioksu realy." Mr. L:ade aid hle onlyanskled Mr. Vayimuth once. At the imeeting of the Shire Council on \Ved ne?ilay a ccoIIulniiiicatios Ws rsad froii the 'iistal DelPrtmenIt, stating that that allhine tuely did inot see tihe nIecessiLty for altering ex isting mail arrailUgements in this distrct, anld tu, our great surprise, counciillors accepted tlie decision if the Deplartment with perfect equa. iinity, merely receliving the documont. We waere aIhivys under tile imlniressio unitil now that ,otal arrngetllenltH wsele Imade to suit tIhe requirilements of a diitrict, but tile requirements of thlis district Cemi to us to be mlade asuborvi cot to the conveniencel oif a potal ilnspector who,, corlles uip und returns hy the same crloach. Thel whole of our iposetal lirranlgellento are of the worsit possible descriptiion, matde without the least thoughrt to the convenience of those resid. ing in either town or country, and worthy of the designing hand of a master of Bedlam. We trust our representatives will, at their next meeting, take such action as will cause theCse important arramu1enrentn to be placed on a more eatisfactory foi,tig. The public was not made for the npost oice, but tile post otlico for the public. We have received nIumerous letters and euquiries from country residonta on this subject, and sallnl await the action of our rep. rcsentativaes in the council before commenting further. 