ATTEMPT TO MURDER A' CON STABLE. The Sydney correspondent of tho Argus telegcaplis as follows under Wednesday's date : - A deliberate attempt to murder Constable Hodgkinson was made in a train proceeding to Picton last night by a prisoner named Albert Deneen, whom the constable had in charge, and was conveying to Picton for trial on a charge of horsestealing. The prisoner, who is only 13, was west->d in Sydney, placed in the train by the con stable, and safely handcufied. The train left the Redfevn terminus for Picton at 5 p.m. and had proceeded as far as Douglass-park whan the guard heard several shots tired in succession in the carriage occupied by Hodg kinson and the prisoner, C4uard Watson,con sidering that something w-.s wrong, left the brake van, and clambered alongside of the carriages, although the train was pro ceeding at fuil speed. When he reached the carriage where the conflict was going on, the c-ihit.i'ola was lying on the (loor bleeding from several wounds in the head, the prisoner having iired four shots at him, all of which took effect. As soon as tiie young ruffian observed Watson at the car riage door, heshouted out- to him to keep back, threatening to blow his brains out if ne attempted to interfere. Watson, however, courageously rushed to the assistance of the constable, when Deenen Iired at him, but fortunately missed his aim. Watson then secured the young desperado, and handcuffed him. On arrival nt Picton he was imme diately placed in the local lock-up. It appears that Deneen when the train "as approaching Douglass park, asked Hodgkin son tf) take his. handcuffs off. Tne constable [ did so, apprehending no trouble from, the prisoner, when Deneen, without warning, drew a revolver and fired four shots in suc cession at the constable. Hodgkinson was still alive this morning, some of the bullets having been extracted. A large bushfire has broken out in the scrub near Waratah railway station. The flames have extended a quarter of a mile and part of the railway feuce has beeic de stroyed. A spark from the! ocoinotne is supposed to have ca,vts$d the firs,. 