PERsoss of timid or despondent natures may readily find in the present circumstances of the country food for apprehension. Tie intense heat., combined with the absence of rain, has sufficed in a few weeks to convert a smiling landscape into a frowning desert; whilo devastating bush-fires have in many places turned reserves of valuable feed into heaps of ashes-not to mention the de struction of fencing, and in some cases of dwellings and other property. One could easily gather together the materials of a gloomy picture: crops failing, water dry ing up, grass running short, fruit blown off the trees, and no chance of tillingthe ground for autumn crops. But to what purpose should we indulge in reflections of this kind? There is nothing abnormal in the present condition of things. We must ex pect hot weather at this season of the year, and the time has not yet come when we can reasonably expect couitinuous rains, though we may at any time look for a casual storm. Pecoploe are apt to think present expericuce more severe than that which is past; but there is really nothing in the state of the country this season so far which has not been paralleled and exceeded over and over again within the experience of the present generation; while if we go back to the generation preceding, we shall flid extremi ties of drought of which we can now hardly form anl adequate conceptiqu. For example, during the thirties, as it is called-meaning the period between 1830 and 1840-scarcely a beast was left in this district, and but few horses and sheep. Stock had to be removed to the southward to save them from perishing. The rivers and creeks ceased to run for several years, and lagoons and lakes dried up. Nothing like the extremity then experienced in New South Wales has been seen since that time ; but there have been many seasons of pres sure much greater than the present. In point of fact what we have to complain of now is more in anticipation than in reality. A bountiful fall of rain at the season at which it may be looked for-that is, within a few weeks from the present time-will suffice to convert the frowning desert once more into the smiling landscape. The dread which many persons seem to feel a kind of pleasure in cherishing is, that the bountiful rains may not come, but that, the drought continuing for an indefinite period, everything will be burnt up and the country ruined. No one can deny that the dry weather may be prolonged beyond the usual period of its duration. This has happened before. But if we are to indulge by anticipation in the most gloomy view which exceptional circumstances may suggest, there will be an end to enterprise, and a flood of discontent will make life wretched. It is a reasonable expectation that rain will fall in due season; and we may point out that the intense heat now complained of will in all probability be a potent agency in producing rain. Periods of prolonged drought have not been remark able for intense heat; on the contrary a confirmed drought has been generally marked by a comparatively low temperature. It has been said indeed by an authority on such matters, that if it were not for the hot winds we should get no rain at all in New South Wales ; which view, if correct, ought to reoooncile us to a few days of discomfort from this cause. People may no doubt be subject to some inconvenience and loss in consequence of .the present parching weather; but it cannot 'be said that the season as a whole has been an unfavourable one. The flocks and herds 'havo been healthy; there has been an excellount yield of wool, and good prices for stock ; while fair crops of wheat and hay have been gathered in the principal agri cultural districts, and in most parts of the country there has been plenty of feed. Indeed to the abundance of grass in many localities is in a great measure owing the spread of bush-fires; and one caniut help thinking there has been a lack of intelligent prevision on the part of those who have had as they say grass as high as their fences, in that they have not converted some of it into hay, instead of letting it stand to rot or be burned. We have heard of some who have had the good sense to save stocks of grass hay for provender, bIut they are we fear few in number. We are very far from saying that there is no ground for taking reasonable precautions against a calamity which is possible. In this climate, as indeed more or less in all climates, it behoves men to make provision for eventualities which experience has shown may arise. We are here at any time subject to drought. But admitting this, wve contend there is nothing so exceptional in present circumstances as to warrant the gloomy view which some people take. The common fault with many persons would seem to be a tend uency to neglect provision for the future in time of plenty and to give waey to despondency on the first threatening of reverse or scarcity. The more sensible course is to provide as far as possible for the future, and then meet it with cheerfulness. While then it may not lie denied that inconvenience and loss must result to many persons from the prevalence of heat and drought, it is premature yet to entertain serious apprehensions; and those who have it in their power in any way to influence public opinion should endeavour to check rather than encourage those despondent views which are so apt to be engendered, so likely to do mischief, and so hard to allay. 