; AD VALOREM DUTIES. J , IN speaking on tho fiscal proposals, Mr Copeland gave notice of his intention to movo a resolution in favour of an ad tu lurent. duty of 10 per cont, on imported guns, carriages, velvets, silks, satins, laces, furs and feathers, fireworks, furnituro, gas fittings, looking glass, plate glass, nnd glassware, gold leaf, grindery, musioal, optical, scientific, and surgical instruments, jewellery, marble, pioturcs, paintings, and statuary, saddlery and harness, silver plate and platcdware, and watches and dooks. These, he said, would pro- duce' a revenue of about £120,000. Wo bellovo Mr Copeland now intends to propose, in addition to the above that an nd ralorvut duty of ß por cent, bo levied on nil othor imports except thoso already taxed under our proeout tariff. This, Mr Copeland estimates, would producá about £5f,0,(IOO, or a total of £«70,000 additional revenue through tho customs.: In addition to this, Mr Copeland contemplates moving for a land tax. to apply only to tho onpital value of freehold land, Irrespective of any houses, buildings, or other structures upon tho land ; the proposed tax to be J per cent,, or 10s for every £100 of capital value, with nn exemption to tho extent of £1000.' This would exempt completed conditional purohascs, whero not moro tlian «40 acres aro held by ono person. Mr Copeland proposas that tho ad valorem duties shall continue iii forco only until March 31, 180(1. . Thia would, ho thinks, tldo over tho financial dlffioulties created by tho chango in our land policy, and avoid thu necessity of resortinu to taxation of an inqusi torlal nature. Stormy scone in tho Queensland Assombly last week. Cltargoa of n diabolical nature imputed to sundry supporters of prosont Ministry concerning tho churaotors of tho Into Government. Tlio Jfohart Meroury roports that on Fobrunry 3rd a melancholy affair occurred in that city. Henry Barnett, i. civil engineer, at ono timo in Government employment, having committed deliberate suicide. The fearful drought in tho Barcoo is playing up fearfully with tho mailmen. One poor follow picked up in the buBh between Cowario and BirdBville in a very oxhnuBtcd condition, Horses brokon down ; and so was ho. A letter has been received in Bourke from a resi- dent near the Lunmons River, in which tho writer states that this has been tho driest season evor known in the Northern Territory since its occupation. Good thunderstorms, however, woro now falling, and the grass was growing fast. At tho twelfth half-yearly meeting of the City Mutual Flro Inauranco Company, a dividend of fi per cont per annum waa dcolarcd ; sound balance-shoot was read ¡ and Messrs J. P. Gnrvnn and John See re- elected directors. A correspondent writes to tho Daily U'elnjranh : " Of your now Anglican Bishop, Dr Barry, Sir Henry seems to have formed a highly favourable opinion, and ho particularly noticed on tho oocnslon of his recent visit to Woioostcr, in company with Sir Saul Snmucl, thnt tho working classes, as well ns thoso of a high social grodo, were to tho fore in testifying to the worth of tho former cathedral canon." Tho Mnclcny Herald, says :-It is likoly that most of tho mnlzo grown on tho Upper Macleay will this soason bo brought down to Kempsoy for shipment, instead of, ns horotoforo, being quitted In tho New England market. Tho chango Is brought about partly by tho scarcity of feed nud tho oxistenco of ono or two bad planes on tho uppor portion of tho Now Eng- land road, and in some mensuro by tho lower prices nt Armldnlo sinco that city luis secured railway com- munication, Philip Hedley, an employee in tho Tontorfiold Post OOloo, was chnrgod with stealing a sum of monoy from a lotter in tho office. In consequence of some information that carno to tho knowlcdgo of the pollco, a marked half-sovereign was placed in a letter addressed to " Mr Timothy Burke, Xawronoo," nnd posted by tho pollco, with tho knowledge of tho post- master. Tho lotter was sorted into its proper box and loft. Shortly afterwards, iu tho absenco of the postmaster, tho letter was abstracted, Tho accused was searched, and the marked half-sovereign was found in his purse, In consequence of his previous good character, tho Bench allowed the prisoner, to elect to be summarily dealt with, and sentencod him to six months' imprisonment with hard labour in Armidale gaol,-Star. I The eommittee of the Kempsey Agricultural Show .re making great preparations for the approaching annual e»hibition, for which the entries close on thc 22nd instant. What an eloquent pathos In Mr Bibb's remark that " there was a class of working men who worked from li! to 17 hours a dav, and jet were not con- sidered working men boc»use they did not work with their nanda 1' The Government have arrived at tho determination . that it ia not expedient in small country gaols that prison labour should he employed in work that comes into direct competition with free labour. The Victorian police are continuing to prosecute prostitutes and brothel- keepers. Madame Loney. alias "Therese." a Frenchwoman, was charged at thc City Court with being a vagrant. For the defence il waB proved that she had over £3000 banked, and that she lived with lier husband. She was d' charged. The Victorian Government is-still trying to sup- press what are known as H orders, boing oiders given by Civil servants to moneylenders to enable thc latter to draw the salaries of the Civil servants. Two officers who hove given such orders have been called on for an explanation. Last yeor HilH'.l immigrants were landed at this port. To thu statement of their nationality is added one re- lating to their religion. Of thc number named above 3727 are set down to tho Episcopal Church, 17flS Roman Catholics, USO Wesleyans. UK! Presbyterians, the rest being otheiwiso accounted for. There is a rumour that tho Earl of Rosebery's visit to the colonies was not entirely without a political object. It may bo on tho cards that should tho pre- sent British Ministry romain in oillec, his Lordship may yet be offered tho portfolio of Secretary for the Colonies, The figures supplied ir. tho report of the Inspector General of Police furnish inntter for rather serions reflection. Mr Fosbery tells us that 21'.»2 persons moro were arrested in tho year 1883 than in the year 1882, and that the arrests for drunkenness for thu former year numbered lil.HI2 as against 11,812 in thc latter, which, so far as tho police records go, means an increase in ono year of about 1500 drunkards, From a report which hos just been completed by Mr Hayter, the Victorian Government statist, it ap- pears that the Inst valuation of the Friendly Societies in Victoria has shown a deficiency in tho caso of all tho societios except os regards Court Unity A. F. O. ; thero being a net deficiency of £100,708. The Man- chester Unity has a deficiency, according lo the valu i tion, of £81,502. In regard to the alleged strike on tho Great Nor- thern Itailwuy, Glen lune;, to Tenterfield roilwuy works, reported by tho Echo's Glen Innes correspon- dent, Messrs. Cobb and Co., thc contractors for the extension, write :-" Your correspondent at Glon i Innes hns been misinformed in regard to the reported striko on our works botween Glen Innes" and Tenter- field. The fact is simply that somo men who had been paid off created a littlo disturbance nt the north end of tho works.". Thero is scarcely a farm in the neighbourhood of Hurstville that ha* not suffered moro or less from the numerous bush-fires. Farm work has been entirely suspended, and all hands have turned ont tn help neighbours in tho protection of their houses (which . uro mostly of weatherboard) and . their orchards.. The rapidity with whioh tho firo rushed ulong tho grass, nnd tluough dense forests of trees was truly alarming, and it is said by old residents of thc district'that the like has not been seen for 30 years. , A Sydney contemporary remarks that " tho reward which shall bo paid to the philanthropist who makes two blades of grass grow whore one grew boforo, hus not boon settled by authority, but tho Legislature of New York State has had no difficulty in determining the pecuniary encouragement which shnll bc given to kim who shall plant a tree whore none stood before. For tho future ovory householder who may plant by the side of the highway bordering his pro- mises any forest-shade, fruit, or ornamental tree is to reçoive for every four trees au nllowanco of one dollar from his highway tax. If a similar plan had been adopted in England, tho long roads whioh stretch for miles through the dusty suburbs of London, and over which hundreds of thousands of working people aro oompellod to tramp to and from tho scenes of their daily labour, would have lost half tholr terrors," A N similar arrangement to this in New South Wales might considerably lessen the burdensomeness of ld in the £ property tnx. , Last week, the Montague-Turner Opera Company gave Ambroiso Thomas's best opera .' Mignon, for tho first time this season to a large and appreciative audience. In somo rospeots tho performance was tho best wo have lind here. Miss Annis Montague sang exquisitely, and noted with much spirit and with touching pathos in the first aud final aots, Miss E Sherwin was Filina, and her assumption of the oharacter and rendering of tho difficult music were most praiseworthy ; tho polacoa, of whioh the melody is heard at intervals throughout the opera, was brilliantly sung ; and in tho suuond act where, in the boudoir of the Baronoss, she adds all that art - ' can give to embellish hor beauty, her acting and singing wore charming,-Edin. A correspondent writes :-" To be a successful saint it is almost necessary to have been a great sinner. No man ir so popular amongst temperance folks as tho¡reclaimed drunkard; and shall we Bay in our House of Assombly.the onsleat way to purchase popularity is to sin greatly and apologise freely '/ It seems so, judging by the recent casa, 'Many members who throughout tho session have done good work for tho country hnvo received no oheers. But ono who has committed a gross outrage and expressed sorrow, is cheered to the coho by both sides of thu house. It is not a thing to growl about, perhaps ; u spirit of forgiveness is almost as food as a spirit of order. Only lee a good Scriptural phrase be added to the deed of foregiveness : 1 To whom inuoh is for- given, of tho samo shall much be required.' Muoh hns been endured heretofore; let the days of endur- ing bo ended."-Eulin. AN ENOBMOUS THIEU. SH AUK.-The South Aus- tralia it J/iy/Mrr reports that a big catch was mad«! on tho Port Lincoln Jetty on the 29th January. Two enormous sharks wera seon prowling around, and a. hook was baited and thrown over. This was very soon taken, and by attaching the chain to tho oran» ono monster was hauled up. Ho measured nearly l-l feet in longth, and 10 feet in girth, with n dental development whioh would make small work, of an unlucky white who got within grip. .On outtinghim up several great chunks of beef wero found in his intestines, from willoh it is surmised that he had swallowed somo moat whioh had been, thrown over from the steamer, and then followed it with his com- panion into tho bay. , ; , . SlNGEltMAKUPAOTURINOCojIPANYV.T.LEON-Ann. -At tho metropolitan distrlot court, boforo Mr Dis- trict Court Judgo Dowling, an action was brought by plaintiffs to recover £13 12s (ld from Thos. Leonard, boing tho value of a Singor sowing- maohine, together with arrears duo for biro. The case arose out of an agreement entered into by tho parties for tho hire of tho sowing-machino on curtain conditions, one of which was that ho should not return;the machine through nny other sowiug-mnohine company. De fondant did return it through another sewlnp mnehino company, and tho plaintiffs now sued for tho vnluo of the mnohlne in terms of tho agreement. His Honor hold that the agreement wns stringently binding upon tho pnrties, and' gavo a verdlot for tho amount clnlnied with costs. ? '? ?' " ' THE DUNGOG SHOOTING CASES.-The case Michael Connolly v. Thomas Wade for shooting with intent was heard last week before the Police Magistrate and Mr T. Irwin, J.P. The case lasted from 10 a.m. on Tuesday to 2 a.m. on Wednesday morning, and resulted in tho committal of prisoner to the next Quarter Sessions at Maitland. Bail was allowed. Mr Sölling appeared for the prosecution, and Messrs Thompson nnd Young for the defence. The case John Wade v. Pat Connolly and Michael Connolly, assault with intent, lasting from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., wns dismissed. A charge of attempted rape, made against John Wade. by Abigail Gales, occupied the attention of the court there all Thursday and part of Friday. The prosecutrix was nearly 12 hours in the witness box. Accused was discharged. Great excitement prevailed. THEFAIIMEIIS UNION PROTESTS AGAINSTTÍIETA» A'tioN SCHEME.-At a well attended mooting of thc Fnrmors' Union at Bathurst, tho following motions wore passed unanimously :-" That an equitable , revision and rcduotlon of tho public expenditure should accompany any system of incroascd taxation in this colony, and that tho proposed tax on real and porsonal property will press unfairly upon tho agri- cultural industry ;" and " That tho proposed remis- . sion of taxes (Customs') and the Imposition of those on tea and other necessaries of Hf e must prove injuri- ous and unjust on tho working classes, who. already hoar a fair share of taxation." And further, " That customs duties for revenue purposes should bo impaled on all farm produce imported into the colony, the duty being tho lame ns that charged by Victoria , and the other colonies on foreign produce," 