LOCAL! AND.: GENERAL./NEWS. ', ' .ivi-'• ":! Shock oVvEarthqukb at. « Braidwood.—At.' about a quartctypast nine o'oioclc onXliufsday night' . a1 low rumbling noise could be lictmTto the westward,! which continued for scvoralseconds.1" :It Avas" repeated! ; shortly*'afterwards, nnid finally died away apparently; at; the rear of Mount Jelliinatnng. ; Numbers of the' .inhabitants of the town .at first tliought tliat tlie,noise was causcd by a vehicle crossing the bridge, but; many who wove at home dcelare that tlio wiudows of their houses were- shaken and cups and .saucers rattled, while one old resident of the. town, who be-: licvcs'in' the aphorism iof:,'!.onily tobed; mid:early to rise," and who invariably retires to, rest at. nine o'clock,declares that he felt the bed shake under him. A Nicw Causk for ; lSusu-»iRK>-|xhc ; Jindeva correspondent'of the Banner, writes 111- have clis-' covcred at last one new c'ausS for many of the ■ bush fir cs '.which' from time to time have,broken out very mysteriously in this district. A; good many sports men, of a very amateur type,' arc. in lha'habitr.pf coming out here, on shooting excursions, aiitl instead of using proper ,wads employ bits of rag—sometimes; apparently, portions of their shirt-tails—for the pur pose,, and this stuff sets fire to the grass. Last Sunday week I saw no less than seven fires so started by.three mounted sportsmen (?) returning home. . Fatal Accident.—A fatal accident happened at Chiarini's circus on Thursday night, at Cootamundra, whilst the centre pole in connection with the monster marquee w.s being lowered, The rope used in lower ing the pole broke, and the pole descended on one of the men who was wailingon the off side. He recivfid a blow,; and was killed 011 the spot An in quest was held on Friday on the body of the de ceased, when a verdict of accidental death'was returned. • 1 ■ Shocking Ijimokalitv.—A startling case of im morality lias begun to leak out in connectinn with the Beliar Inebriate llctreat, a subsidised institution, a few miles from Adelaide. The facts as known are as'follow:—Thomas Osborne was appointed superin dent of the Retreat some years ago. He bore the character'of bciug a higlily religious man. and this reputation aided him greatly in getting (he position from the comniitlco of management, which is of a strongly evnngclical turn, At the beginning of this year a complaint was made to the committee by a servant girl employed in this institution. According to her account, when she first entered the establish ment Osborne, .who is married and about 45 years of age, told her that if ever sluj felt unw 11 to place her self under his medical care. H>: treated her fr.r a trifling ailment with homoeopathic medicines, and upon two occasions tried to assault her. Later on he informed her that what she wanted was a hydropathic course. He took her on December 6 to a house in Norwood, where he stripped her and put her into a " wtl pack." lie then indecently assaulted her in a most disgusting manner under the pretext that such a course was necessary for her cure. She then com plained to the patients in the Retreat, and also to (lie committee, and she applied lor a warrant, but was unable to obtain one, 14 days having intervened be tween (lie date of the committal of the alleged offence, and the date of tlu application. Ovborr.e levanted when the.complaints vveit'made. The girl also de clares that several .similar offences were committed I y the hu) criulcndciU upon other servants in the establishment, I j jiiUMhjKU' KoAi^Olii' I W. : I j« Ihe '.''jmillion tit Uie Mtdiitnuli i>«ul ncm- Sl'jltec'r liilii ).t Bj>j5t.iiR that tills jMiilc'.iliii jWiilon has not yet becli cleared of limber :ui<l is in a had state for traffic. "\Yc have been informed ilial Icr an expendi ture of about /.'jO it could be j lit in a passable Kiate. \\\re think tbo superintendent should uttc-nd to this nbcfspniy work, especially when l here is such a large iinif.unt of traffic on lie ro.<d in qu.'stiwn. Fatai. AcOUJitN'f.— A young fellow named' Dowling vr.is one of a.party thai werp out on a wal laby drive lit' Collector la-1 • atuiday. His horse, it appears, .stumbled ;.ud fell, ami rolled over him. Dnwlinj; was >eve ely hurt; internally,- and died on Sunday, evening bcfmc Dr.'Morton, ior whom-,! ires tenj'cr was' despatched, had time to arrive. -Mr. Beits proceeded to. Colleetor yesteiday for the pur pose of. holding an inquest. ,./■ •. ' Acci i;iiNT.—A man named J'ohn Mitchell, .resid ing, about three mil 's beyond Edinburgh Castle; whilst engaged in cutting iiijjber-yesterday, was unr f <i lunate enough to inflict a veiy nasty injury on h'm self. The axis he was using slipped'and cut through the sect nd toe ( f the light foot. The occurrence was a soujce of great pain to Mitchell, who came into town and sought, reliefat tlu hands of Dr. MeKillop. Tun Mjnistkr "ok Public .Ins'J'buc'J'io.v.—Mr. G. H. Reid sent in a letter on Salurdity tendering his resignation as Minister of Public Instruction, Regret, was expressed at his decision and the .hope i« enter tained that a way may be found out oi the difficulty. Oilers were made by pome members of llie Atisimbly . io ie:it;n in order that a pea might be found-■ fox Mr. Rcid. • , • i . Hathurst Burks.—The land in Goldsniith-strqet near Cowpcr-street has been denied of this nrn, so far as chopping them down ami gathering, tnfrm in heaps is concerned. Hut why was'this not done before the seed, were ripe ? And even now .we ask how muc.h longer lire they to remain unbumed ?• These heaps have lain ior a month, ihe wind scatter ing the seed, which will again yield another vejutious wop." • - , Desmcrate .Assault;'on a PoticitMAN.—The Albuiy Banner re| brls'lhat between I and 2 o'clock on Thuivday morning, Constable Gilroy was on duty in,Towmtend- street,. when he heard an altercation,in the neighbourhood of .the Chinese Camp, and on proceeding- to the'spot found two men'quarrelling. Gilroy enterposed, aud'wasat oncc knocked down and .stunned. On coming to lie was,, found, to be bit eding profusely from a wound'on" the head,; anil with -great difficulty lie erawli.it to the corner of Townsend-street, where his groans attiacled'thc at-, trillion ol' Mr;-'Ryan, of the Royal Hotel, who at once took him to the house, and did all that kindness could suggest for the relief of the man till later in the day, when Gilroy was removed to the hospital. He ism a very weak state, and it seems probable that' but for tbo timely assistance'rendered by Mr. Iiyan, even more serious consequences might have followed. Gilroy is unable'.to'identify his assailants. ' * ' — 