PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. BY "THE VAGABOND." AROUND HARRIETVILLE. We are driven from Bright to Harriettville by Mr. Patrick Allen, whom everyone loves to call "Pat," passing through the poplar- lined and English- looking streets of Bright. Outside the town we see the brewery and a curious-looking red brick two storey house. The lower part of this building is a black- smith's shop, while in the upstairs portion there is a dwellinghouse. Leaving the bush racecourse on our left, we enter a scrub- covered country. Here and there at the foot of the hills are cleared patches of ground newly ploughed up and sown, and here the best crops are raised A few miles from Bright we arrive at Freeburg, or German Town. There are a few mines here, a vine- yard, and hop garden. Near here some Chi- nese are working on the roadside, looking like "navvies" in their European costume. They have an alluvial digging, with a large water wheel at work in connexion with it, and are said to be doing very well, their last washing- up being particularly rich. We halt for a few minutes in front of the Woolshed Inn, named after the famous Woolshed diggings, near Beechworth. This hotel has a very farm and home like look, with the barn fowls and squealing pigs running around. From a bridge over the Ovens on this road we obtain an excellent view of Feathertop, which appears from this point to completely fill in the end of the valley. At the old ford, where this bridge is now built, a clergy- man and some children, in attempting to cross the river, were carried away and drowned. After we drive past the junction of Stoney Creek, which rises in the ravines of Feathertop, with the Ovens River, we are in a thickly wooded country. Most of the trees, however, near the track have been cut down, so as not to interfere with the new telegraph wire now being extended from Bright to Harrietville. At one place in the road which turns suddenly round the steep foot of a hill the sun never shines. It has been named Cape Horn, because of the per- petual frost and ice seen here. Driving into the sun from this bleak spot is like plunging into a warm bath while shivering from the effects of a cold shower. We ford the Ovens once before entering Harrietville, which we do at the quick pace we have travelled throughout the journey, the mare not having turned a hair. Harrietville was named after Harriet Murphy, the first white woman ever seen here. It is a scattered township, extending along the main road for three miles. The small population is chiefly a mining one, though a few cultivate hops. Harrietville is situated in a narrow valley, with mountains frowning down upon it on either side, the two branches of the Ovens running at their base. It was on the north fork of this stream that the Chinese at the first rush washed the fine gold for which this neighbourhood is noted. This township possesses a Wesleyan and a Catholic church, but no resident clergy- man, and has a state school and a police camp. The latter is in charge of Constable Dungey, a model of what all policemen should be. It was he who last year found Mr. Ireland in the snow, and brought him after a hard and tedious ride to Harrietville, where he, in company with Mr. and Mrs. Allen, watched by the bedside for three days and nights, till the unhappy gentleman died from the effects of his exposure. Dungey was employed during the period the Kellys were at large in conveying provisions to the police hidden at Sherritt's and other places- a dangerous duty, for which he was never rewarded. In size and build Dungey is after the style of Lindsay Gordon. He has the same long legs, which give him con- trol over his horse. A man with a clear eye and steady nerve, this Constable Dungey. It is recorded that he, on horseback, with a revolver, shot a sparrowhawk on the wing. This was a feat worthy of D'Albertis or Steinberger. Dungey is a constable whose light should not be hidden in such a peaceful place as Harrietville. In the detective force he would do the state more service than at present, where his abilities are rusting away in the heart of the mountains. The keystone to Harrietville is Mr Patrick Allen, our host of the Star Hotel. A gentleman from the "green sod," he is full of Irish wit and humour. He is the first and only person who drove a buggy from Harrietville, across the Alps, through to Omeo. The late Judge McFarland was with Pat upon that occasion. It happened to be St Patrick's Day, and Allen would insist upon halting upon the edges of precipices, much to the judge's fear and annoyance, to drink their patron saint's health. Pat's good qualities as a "white man " and a host are vouched for by every- one who ever met him. His hotel is worthy of himself. The mistress is worthy above all, but does not think herself above being kind, and courteous, and attentive. We are waited on by the neatest and prettiest of country maids, who is a native of and credit to Har- rietville. In the large stables at the back of the house, among others, is the game old horse "Jack," the hero of many a tough journey on the Alps. In another part of the yard is a smith's forge, where most of the horses of the district are shod. " Charley" has a good time of it here. Both man and beast receive every attention at the Star, and the comfortable house possesses everything to make the traveller happy, including a bil- liard-room and a piano. Harrietville has daily communication with Melbourne via Bright and Myrtleford by Crawford and Co.'s coaches, but there is only a tri-weekly mail, taken by another convey- ance. Why the post-bag cannot be carried daily is one of the mysteries of departmental administration. But as all letters and papers for the hotel are brought from Bright by Crawford's driver, I read my Argus at 8 o'clock every night, and am happy. The Harrietville bag is not a very heavy one. The post-office at present is at Mr. Jones's store, which forms a lounge and meeting place for the boys and girls whilst the letters are being sorted. But a new building to serve as post and telegraph offices has just been completed, and will shortly be occupied. This and the police station are owned by a private in- dividual, and rent is paid for both, whilst a few yards further on there is a paddock, a Government reserve, on which all the public buildings could have been erected. Besides the space occupied as business premises the new building possesses four good rooms a kitchen and servant's bedroom outside, and a good garden. All this, I understand is for the requirements of the young lady operator, who is to be sent from Melbourne or appointed from a nearer quarter. The forthcoming advent of this new post-mistress is causing great commotion and curiosity in Har- rietville. It is rumoured that extensive orders for new clothes have been given by the bachelor miners. The church which the young lady attends will receive an acces- sion of worshippers. There is no doubt that she, if good looking, will take the cake here, and will have the monotony of her existence pleasantly varied in sorting and appraising the claims of her lovers. Some of the softer sex here grumble, and say they cannot see the need of new postal arrangements ; Jones always did the work and satisfied them. A woman will be too curious respecting the letters she sorts! The extensive prepara- tions for the accommodation of a single girl do seem rather absurd, but an " operator ' is wanted. The completion of the telegraph wire here will be a great convenience in the forthcoming summer, when visitors to the Alps should telegraph to Mr Allen, that they may not find themselves without accommo- tion on their arrival. In Harrietville there are many types of miner to be met with, from the younger ones working in the Deep Lead to the wealthy owners of such claims as the "Tiddle-dee Addle-dee. " Of the boys employed in the Deep Lead, an especial word of praise is due to a lad who keeps and is the sole support of his parents. Wealth has not been thrust upon the owners of the opulent claims. They have had to work for their position. The knowledge of the theory and practice of pro- specting has been their power. One of these hardy pioneers explained to me how he searched for a reef. In consequence of the stoppage of the Oriental Bank, in which he had some thousands, he was about to again prospect the hills in a few days. His outfit consists of a large bag, in which he places several smaller ones ; a wash pan and a shovel. Armed with those, he will walk around the foot of a hill, digging a little here and there, and marking from where the earth was taken on the outside of the bags. Having obtained as much as he can carry, he will go to the nearest creek and carefully wash for gold. If he finds the colour or a specimen in any of the dirt he knows the spot from whence it comes. He will return there, and patiently trace the water shed to the reef, out of which the gold found below was washed, and there start a tunnel. If the reef proves rich it results in a mine and the world wonders how it happens that Jem is always lucky! The Tiddle-dee Addle- dee mine was found in this manner. The Deep Lead mine is in the centre of Harrietville. It is the only one held by share- holders outside the district. The shaft is at present sunk 185ft. The motive-power here is from a big water wheel, 30ft. in diameter. Not many men are at work, but it is hoped when the reef is struck that it will through the employment of many hands, add to the prosperity of Harrietville, and counterbalance the stoppage of the Shamrock claim. This latter, which belongs to Mr. Wallace, is far up in the hill-side along the valley of the right-hand fork of the Ovens. There are steam quartz-mills here, but, having been worked for a long time unprofitably, all are now abandoned. From Harrietville it is a charming walk upon a bright winter's morning to the quartz- crushing and sand mills of the Tiddle-dee Addle-dee Gold-mining Company. Steep hills lie on either side, clothed in verdant foliage. Beneath runs the right-hand branch of the Ovens. As the stream noisily winds its tangled way in and amongst fallen timber, patches of cleared ground are seen at the bends made by its erratic turnings. These are old alluvial diggings, worked out many years ago by the Chinese who in the old days swarmed here. As we walk along a path cut out of the hill-side we can see beneath us three Celestials who, clad in heavy woollen blouses discoloured with red mud, are pros- picting, pans in hand. On the road to the mine there is a Chinese settlement. The houses are all huddled together, as if for warmth, in the characteristic style of this Asiatic race. The joss-house is the most imposing building in the place. It is orna- mented in the usual style and, as in the city joss-houses, the door is always open, free to the curious or religious wayfarer. Just past this, one Tung On announces to the public that he is licensed to sell spirits. We interview Tung. He is dressed in white duck trousers and dark grey coat, in which he looks quite a swell. As we enter the store his wife, a good-looking English woman, attempts to evade us. She is carry- ing, with the aid of the Irish spouse of another Chinaman (Tung's partner), a bas- ket full of household linen. Both these women were married with all due observance of the rites of the church. They have been blessed with children, who are sturdy youngsters. For a place like Harrietville Tung's store is of a respectable size. One wonders where the trade comes from but, of course, Tung commands all the Chinese cus- tom along the creek. I rather like Tung, but I do not drink with him. Tung follows not the fashion of his country within the pre- cincts of his home. His pigtail is rolled tightly about his head ; perhaps married life has taught him the wisdom of this. Tung, it is said, paid his father-in-law one hundred pounds for permitting him to marry the trea- sure he now possesses. How many married men would gladly leap to the other ex- treme? On the opposite side to Tung's store is a nice weatherboard house, his private resi- dence. In a field near it are several sheep, whose white fleeces are relieved by the presence of the proverbial black one. They are lying down around an old stump, upon which a laughing jackass is perched contem- plating the scene with the philosophic air of his tribe. The little picture is thoroughly Australian. Beyond the field we catch a glimpse of snowy heights and the ravines of the Razorback between Feathertop and Mount Hotham. Pursuing the track we cross a rustic bridge from which a large green frog hops with a croak into a bed of ferns of a dainty leaf and delicate hue. The water which dances down the hill beneath this bridge has been an old race, but time and vegetatton have almost effaced the traces of the miner's work. From amongst some wattle trees around it, now threatening every day to burst with ripe bud into golden blossom, there flies affrighted across our path a pale blue bird, which utters a noise sounding like Qui vive! Qui vive! Then comes the sharp crack, loud as a pistol shot, of a whip. A man is driving a horse, behind which four thick logs skid along the greasy ground. The sharp ascents here and there try the mettle of the animal. As we stand talking to the driver we can hear the distant stamp- ing of the mill. After a two miles' walk we reach the spot. The mill is built upon the hill-side. It has two revolving batteries-one constantly crushing for the mine, the other for the public. Above the mill is a long tramway with an incline of 6in. in every foot. Down this the quartz is run from the mine into the battery. The mine is several hundred yards along the ridge of the hill on the other side, opposite the crushing-mills. The gold is treated by quicksilver. After the powdered quartz has left the crushing- machines it is carried along by rapid races down the hill to the sand-mills, where there are two Wheeler's pans at work. The pans are driven by an overshot water-wheel 3ft. wide and 18ft. in diameter, with an estimated power of 10 horses. The quartz at present obtained from the Tiddle-dee Addle-dee, the engineer tells us, is very poor. The mine has been opened four years, during which period it has produced over 1,726oz. of gold. Some distance beyond the Tiddle-dee Addle-dee mine the Jackass claim has recently been opened with good results. While pegging-out the ground a laughing jackass set up its dis- cordant laughter ; hence the name of the mine. It remains to be seen if this was a bird of good omen. In Harrietville Mr. Wraith shows me many curiosities found in the neighbourhood. Stones of various shapes and hues ; petrified wood, and ironstone with the fossil impres- sions of leaves. A miner digging in the mountains found a native canoe some feet beneath. It was perfect in every respect, and of great value as a natural curiosity. The laziness which is born within us all caused this man, with miles of timber around him, to burn the canoe in a fire wherewith to boil his billy. In the many stones which I am shown, I can trace the progress of the dif- ferent ages in this mountainous country. This spearhead was of the epoch of the hunter, that axe of flint of the warrior. Strolling along the diverted course of the left-hand branch of the Ovens, I tread on nothing save stones, some beautifully marked with coloured bands of red, brown, and black, and all smoothed by the action of the waters. It was in these creeks that the aborigines found their tools. Many flint stones which I see need but little fashioning to render them into spear points and axe heads. But these are not all the relicts of Harrietville. A few old topers still exist, who prove the legend of high times and heavy drinking. The old men will tell you that in the early days they generally drank fair. For my part, I think the men of the present generation here do not in this respect disgrace their ancestors. A shabby hut is pointed out to me in which a man had suf- fered from the effects of many drinks, and was strong. He had been on a drinking bout for a few days, and had at last reached his home. He lay down upon his stretcher and tried-but in vain--to sleep. There was something upon his mind-some evil in- fluences at work. Rising in despair from his bed he felt in his pockets, in the hope of find- ing the cause of his unrest. He drew forth a shilling. "This is the thing which prevents me from sleeping!" and he opened his win- dow, and threw the coin far away into the night. Another tale is told of the same man when sober. He lived in the bed of the creek, from whence he could see the road cut in the side of the hill leading to the Tiddle-dee Addle-dee claim. The sight of a brandy-bottle held aloft from that distance was enough to bring him to the road as fast as legs could carry him. A miner one evening passing by saw the veteran sitting at his door. A bottle was waved in the air, which brought the old man with his accustomed speed to the track. The miner handed him the bottle and he drank. Suddenly he turned pale, and asked in terrified tones, "My - ! What's that?" The digger laughed and told him "Water." The grand old man gave a sigh of relief as he said, "I thought it was poison!" W ith such tales do the elders of Harriet- ville pass the evenings. They mostly have the tan of the health-giving inclemencies of the weather on their cheeks, and are strong and sturdy in limb. This population al- together is very free from sickness. This, however, is not surprising considering the pure air and good water which abounds here. In 16 years the births have numbered 221, while the deaths have been 62. The latter are mostly infants. Of the number who have not died from infantile diseases, the deaths have been caused solely by dynamite, gunpowder, or suicide. The cemetery conse- quently contains few grates and will supply the wants of the neighbourhood for many years to come. The most notable grave near Harrietville is that of the first man who died here. It contains the mortal remains of Jim Waddle. Bushfires time after time have raged all around it, but it has been left un- touched. Jim was a miner, and met an untimely fate through a dynamite explosion. Miners earn very good wages in the ranges. Here, as at Wandiligong, the claims are mostly owned by parties of three and four. The latest return shows that eighty-five men produced 4,029oz. of gold or £189 per man, by three months' work. Of the results of the Chinese labour little can be learned. If "John" is working a particularly good patch, he holds his counsel for fear of a rush ; but old diggers say they make very little by allu- vial mining along the creeks. All the rich places have been worked out. The only spot where John attempts anything like skilful mining among these mountains is at the back of Harrietville, where there is a Chinese camp. The giant shadows of evening are creeping down the mountain heights as we start to inspect this. We follow a bridle-path winding around the side of the hill. Glimpses of the town are seen through rustic frames fashioned by fancy from the outlines of the trees. The picture wears a sombre hue, owing to the approach of night. Already the fires of the many snug cots peep out a welcome to the home-coming miners. From the marshy ground below the frog croaks his vesper song, while the distant lowing of cattle faintly floats on the snow kissed air. Occasionally a restless bird flutters amongst the leaves, or gives sound to some half-drowsy note. The water beneath plays a weird like melody, and the wind stirs the rustling bark on the trees. Stepping over a clear stream, we can tell, "By the smoke which so gracefully curled About the tall gums, that a cabin was nigh." It is from a primitive house full of Chinese, and strange odours. This settlement is re- markable for the manner in which they have irrigated their vegetable beds. In the general kitchen there are live fireplaces, at which all the cooking of the camp is done. The Chinese are preparing their evening meal as we enter the building. They are squatted before their fires, cutting up meat and peeling potatoes. They live well. At one end of the shed we see an instance of their ingenuity. A moun- tain stream has been guided down the sides of the house, and there suddenly turned off down the hill to water a patch of turnips. At the angle made by the turning the race is tapped by a piece of bark, forming a spout, which carries a crystal jet straight into the building. The surplus water falls into a tub, from whence it overflows, and is led away by a small gutter into the garden below. Comparatively a new land to the tourist is this. It boasts not of the many traditions and clever ascents which surround the history of Mont Blanc or the Matterhorn. But there is one feat which will for ever live in story here. It is the exploit of a well- known Melbourne journalist and his wife, who walked from Harrietville to the crest of Feathertop and back on the same day. The feat was hardly credited till the gentle- man produced the slip of paper which Mr. Patrick Allen had months before left in an empty whisky bottle on the top of the mountain. On this paper was written the following legend :- "There was very good whisky in this bottle once; I am sorry for you there is none now." I dare say my confrere was equally sorry. Writing of midsummer here, he says-"Snow has not entirely left the ground. It is still to be found in large patches. Near the summit of 'Baldy' we encounter a mass 20ft. in length and 10ft. wide, and probably 6ft. or 7ft. in depth. It is slowly melting, and a rill of icy cold water trickles from it. Close by the snow beautiful marguerites and other mountain flowers are beginning to show themselves, and it is pointed out to us that although according to the almanac we are in the height of summer, here it is early spring. Whether they have any real summer in these parts is more than doubtful. The sun is shining brightly from a cloudless sky, and the wind is blowing steadily from the north-in the valleys and plains below a hot wind is raging-and yet the thermometer at 2p.m. only shows a temperature of 65deg. The air is cool, dry, elastic, and delicious. If this is the condition of things on a hot wind day in January what must the mountains be like during a winter's gale?" Low as the temperature is on the mountains, the climate is quite as erratic in Harrietville. It has ranged in one day in January from 31 degrees at 6 a.m. to 156 degrees at 3p.m. Thus the Italian miners starting from the Cobungra diggings, situated within the snow- line on the other side of the mountains, pass through all phases of the climate before they reach Harrietville. They rise early, ascend the summits through the bitter cold, and then, as they descend to Harrietville, they have the warm rays of the sun pouring down upon them. Miners like these Italians, coming and going to their far-away camps, keep the shopkeepers of the town employed. To buy necessaries and blasting powder they come to Harrietville in preference to Omeo. While in Harrietville I see three of these Italians-Giacomo, Bernardo and Batista. otherwise "Long Jim," Bernard, and Baptist. They are splendid specimens of men, even for the Piedmontses, the Subalpini-hardy moun- tainers, large of limb, broad of chest, with clear, flashing eyes, the pictures of health, strength, and endurance. It was in the snows of the Pennine Alps they inherited their power to bear severe exposure, and it is this training which enables them to laugh at the winter at Cobungra, which drives so many Britons shivering down to Harrietville. These men of Piedmont have long enjoyed-and Giacomo was a soldier- the reputition of being the best fighting men Italy possessed. Ciacomo and Batista bear out the truth of the characters given their countrymen generally. It is that of being spirited, warm hearted, loyal, frank, indus- trious and hospitable. They all offer me a hearty welcome at Cobungra. The English language as spoken by them appears to par- take of some of the sweetness of sound peculiar to the dialect of Piedmont and Lombardy. These men from the banks of the Lake of Como, hardy as Swiss, are men of whom William Hep- worth Dixon wrote when he said "An Italian rustic has often a finer manner than an English earl."The native courtesy of Giacomo and Batista challenge my admira- tion, so different are they from the rude peasantry of Great Britain. It is these Italians, steady and firm in principle, whom we should welcome as colonists. Let them mate with the daughters of the land, and they will bring a new element of strength into the future Australian. They are essen- tially workers, patient in heir native vil- lages, where they toil hard for a franc a day ; where they have no rights in the soil, where everything belongs to the state ; where they cannot pick a stick unless with hard- bought leave and licence. Patient and long- suffering, and with homely virtues, are these people of Northern Italy who fought against the Fedeschi, and who shed their blood follow- ing Charles Albert and Victor Emanuel. Very different indeed to the macaroni loving, chorus-singing, lazy and cheating inhabitants of Naples, with whom they are fellow-citizens in United Italy. But from what Giacomo tells me, and from what I otherwise know, the people are not much better off now than when "Italia was parcelled out 'neath petty despots sway." The Haps- burg and Bourbon vultures have flown. Italy re-united and one is beautiful as a poet's ideal, but the taxes are as heavy as before, the burden of life to the poor as weari- some as in the old days. So Giacomo and Batista do not look back to their homes with regret. They are happy here, and do not care a straw for the politics of their Italy. They think Australia the land of lands ; everyone, they say, is so kind to them, an Italian being held to be as good as any man. When the snow is too deep to allow the whole party to mine at Cobungra, some of them come down and take odd jobs of work. They always satisfy their employers, who bear high tes- timony to their abilities and industry, and uphold the sterling qualities of the races of Northern Italy, which even in this century has produced such men as Garibaldi, the un- selfish champion of liberty, Bolta, the his- torian, the poet Silvio Pellico, the orientalist Peyron, and the great astronomer Plana. Good Catholics, of course are Long Jim and his mates, but their eyes glisten with feeling as they join me in a toast to the memory of Garibaldi! 