Northumberland. ?Tamtam 23. Tbe event tbat has caused the greatest excitement during the past week has been the destructive bushfires in tbe district oa Wednesday last. Standing upon the Obelisk Hill in Newcastle, the spectator looking south and westward about noon, on that day won Id see that something unusual was taking- place in the out lying villages, by the dense volumes of smoke that were drilling over the city towards the sea. It. soon became apparent that tre mendous bushfires were raging almost simultaneously at three places, viz., the Glebe Bill, the Ridge, and Wallaby Flat. Before long the flames from each point became nearly united, and a belt oi nre 01 aouut lour mues m extern, was me result. ±ua aiarm quickly spread, and the whole of Hamilton, the Glebe Junction, and Burwood was in a greatly excited sate, as the dimes and burning debris of the bush were rapidly being watted by a strong southerly gale into tbe above settlement. Adamstown was the first to give evidence of danger, but the breeze pre sently drove the fire in the direction of the A. A. Company's old pit near the Glebe; the poppet heads and other appliances at the pit's mouth catching fire. This was quickly extinguished, but the adjacent scrub provided abundant fuel for the flames. The atmosphere became intensely hot, and the dense smoke rendered the work of endeavouring to stay the progress of the flames extremely dangerous in mauy places. Tbe men work ing at the coal below had warning given, and they with tbe horses in the mine made their way through sone old workings to another shaft, whence they ascended to tbe fresh air, to tbe great relief of their wives and families, who were in great consterna tion, running to and fro, imagining all sorts of evil until the men reappeared on the 6urface. Meanwhile, the fire tore on its way till it reached the Glebe and junction. Here tbe Wesleyan Church was the first to feel the effects of tbe flames, and being of wood its destruction seemed inevitable. All the inhabitants, however, turned out and worked with a will, althougii nearly stifled with tbe heat and smoke, and succeeded iu saving the church and other buildings, stores, dwelling-houses, See., from the dwelling flames. The blasting powder in the A. A. Co.'s magazine in the locality was removed with all possible despatch, to the gTeat . relief of the bystanders ; the premises of Messrs. W. Davies, William Knight, T. Rodgers, and others, were more or less damaged and were with difficulty saved. Fears were entertained of siill greater damage, but the united and persistent exertions of the people themselves pre vented the flames from extending further in this direction. To wards Adamstown and Cbarlestown, however, the people were not so fortunate, these places being nearer to ttte bush itself, on which the fire had the greatest hold. In Cbarlestown seven houses are reported as having beeu destroyed. The. school had several narrow escapes, as also several other large buildings. In . Adamstown several tenements caught fire, but were extinguished as soon as possible. Two things added to the general trouble, one was the almost pitch darkness in which all were enveloped through the blinding smoke, and the other was the want of water. A large wooden viaduct belonging to the Waratab Coal Company near Raspberry Gullv, was destroyed, and the road from the Lake Macquarie through Adamstown and Charles town rendered impassable through burning logs and flying flakes of fire. Two men had a very narrow escape, and had hardly strength to reach a place of safety when they succumbed, and some time was occupied in restoring them to consciousness. A well-known ship chandler was driving to town from the Lake in his buggy with some fiiends, but were compelled to turn back on account of the falling fiery trees across the road, and also to escape suffocation from the smoke. As the night drew on the wind appeared' to abate, and the task of reducing the fire became easier, but men had to be employed all night keeping the flames at bay. In the bush itself tbe burning logs shed an ominous or fitful light from time to time as they burst into brilliant flame or almost died out as the breeze came and went. Very few people cared about venturing far into tbe bueh for fear of the falling trees, some of which would fall with a tremendous crash, sending myriads of sparks into the air, which, falling, would comnmaicate with dry timber beneath, and, in some instances, perpetuate the blaze and in others die out. The flames spread through the waratah scrub into the Maitland road, burn ing many miles of fencing. . The beautiful residence of Alderman Cox, on the Maitland Road, had a narrow escape, all the fencing and the garden in front were destroyed. At Wausend a large amount ot damage was done, the details of which are too numerous to particularise, but the results of which are very painful to the poorer residents. The Maitlands and the vicinity of Morpetb, besides several islands on the river, were the scenes of considerable excitement and. damage, through the fires. Amidst the whole, however. I nave' heard of no acci dent to life or limb. One old lady, at the Glebe, named Phillips, bedridden, had to be hastily earned out of her dwelling, the roof : of which Was in. great danger. To wards morning the wind had gone down, and by daylight all danger had ceased. The narrow escape from destruction or so large a portion of the Glebe and Junction, through so much undergrowth, suggests the propriety of some . person in authority or the residents in a body, communicating with the A. A. Co.'* general superintendent and requesting him to order the scrub to be cut down, as the greater pan of this com bustible material is upon the A. A. Co.'s estate. The proposed Medical Bill has not met with the complete favour of the medical men of the city and district. A meeting of the latter was held in the Newcastle Hospital last week, presided over by Dr. Richard Harris, at -which resolutions were passed dis approving of the general meaning and tendency of the bill, espe cially condemning clauses 7, 8, 9, and the latter part of clause 14. It was agreed that the resolutions be forwarded to Dr. Tarrant, with a request that he will withdraw the bill for reconsideration. Anniversary Day passed off very quietly. There was nothing doing in the city. The artizans' band had a festive gathering at the Crystal Gardens, 'Waratah, and a few of the Sunday schools held picnics up the river. The Amatenr Turf Club Races, at Wallsend, were almost a failure, and the Wallsend and Plattsburg Begatta, on Lake Macquarie, did not finish. The final heats are to be competed for next Saturday. ? , ? Some very welcome showers fell on Saturday night, but we . should be thankful for a few more, as rain is greatly wanted all over the district. it cannot be said that in Newcastle and district the 96th anniversary of the foundation of the colony was celebrated with enthusiasm, for there has rarely been a day for many years in Which the commemoration passed off so quietly. The princi pal event looked forward to (if there was anything principal about it) was the Plattsburgu and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club Meeting ; the next, the Wallsend and Plattsburg Regatta on Lake Macquarie ; and the third, the Artizans' Band Sports at the Crystal Palace Gardens, Waratah. There was nothing like the usual influx of visitors at holiday times, and the city itself appeared deserted after 11 o'clock until the evening, whea the theatre opened. In fact the ' Sunny South ' was the greatest attraction of the whole day. A few flags were flying in the harbour, and the usual bunting was displayed at Nobby's and Allan's Hill. Several of the Sunday-schools held their annual or semi-annual picnics up the river ; but undoubtedly the event which gave the greatest general satisfaction all over the district was the copious downpour of rain in the evening. As -this came between 8 and 9 o'clock, it did not mar tbe outdoor festivities, and as it terminated about 11 it would not militate greatly against the evening's enjoyment of the people in general. 