THE B.SD SVKS&TS.; Mr H. C. Russell, Government astronomer of New South Wales, has, under date of 27th December, addressed the following letter to the Herald on the singular red sunsets which have lately been of such frequent occurrence :— As this subject still attracts attention, perhaps the following may be of interest. Bishop Sehvyn, in a letter to Professor Livcrsidge, which the latter has allowed me to make use of, says, under date 26th November, 1883 :— " Rt-ferring to the violent earthquakes and tidal waves which took place in the Straits of Sunda on 29th August, and for seme little time before, two of our men, Mr Bin and Mr Brittain, staying in the Northern New Hebrides, at Pentecost and Aurora, experienced a number of earthquakes about the same time. I do not know if there is any connection between the two, but it may be as well to record them, as the path of the volcanic motion might be traced. " The first shock was felt on 25th July, at Pentecost, at 9.30 p.m. Thi6 seemed to come from the east. " 2. 29th July, at Aurora, about 25 miles to the north, at midnight, very severe. 1 3. 9th August, at Aurora, about 9 p.m. This seemed to come from south and east, and travel towards the north. 4\. 22nd August, felt at both places continuous shocks, moving much in tbe same direction. 5\. 30th August, at Aurora, in the evening. " These times struck me as agreeing so nearly with the great eaithquakes in the Straits of Sunda, that I thought they might afford data for comparison. There a chain of volcanoes in more or less activity up to New Britain, and there my knowledge of such things stops ; but the direction would not bo far from that which would lead somewhere up to the Strait6 of Sunda." It was si own ages since that the trHO cause of the red at sunset is the refracting power of the atinosph"re, which bends the blue rays inwards, and causes their absorption in the denser parts of the atmosphere, while the less refracted red rays pass on, and arc reflected by floating particles of moisture and dust; and the more of these that aie present the more brilliant the color. Who does not remember sunsets when bush-fires have been widespread, in which the color has been far more brilliant than anything we have 6een for the past three months ; when, as one writer puts it, the " 6un set like a round ball of red fire." Less extensive the color was of course, because the smoke was local. But at this time of the year, when the return trade wind is passing over our heads its contact with the cooler winds in these latitudes, and wherever thesa winds extend, produces a film of haze, which is very conspicuous, making the sky white instead of blue. E*ery one, I should think, must have noticed the white sky ; and one friend in the West, where clouds are seldom seen, tells me that the sun seems to rise in a fog and take it with him all day, showing conclusively the presence of something in our air to cause that reflection. It may be du6t, but I still think, as I stated before, that it is water. Water is certainly always present, and in order to have it more visible one year than another we only require a greater difference in the temperatures of the two currents, and that may easily arise. Of course the reflection is not simple : it is the reflection from particle to particle, or cloud to cloud, that serves to extend the red light. Our correspondent computed the height of the clouds to be ninety miles, as he assumed reflection to be simple; but a moment's consideration would have convinced him that he was wrong, and, as will be seen directly, sunlight has been reflected at midnight, when if clouds only reflected once they would have to be about 210,000 miles high, or about as far away as the moon, to do it. I cannot close this without some reference to the hydrogen theory, which Mr Robertson has put forward, I, think with- I cut sufficient consideration. Surely in t disposing of three astronomers so quietly ' ae ho hap done, it Wf6 worth while stop* j ping to inquire if the hard won laws of science were not being treated like the astronomers; but since he has not done so. we may try to answer that question. I am quite sure that the extent of rod sunsets will not induce Mr Lockyer t,, alter his opinion any more t:ian it lice furnished reason for so doing to Mr Ellery and myself. For Sir Lockyer has only to turn to history and find duBt-cloud stories in abundance ; to go no furtherthan 1783. In that y.-ar a fog or dust cloud cover -1 Europe, Asia, North Africa, and North America. It lasted for weeks, and was so thick that the sun, from rising to 20" hi;l!i, looked no brighter than the full moon; anl a'.l night, even at midnight and n«-w moon, this fog or dust cloud gave light enough to read by in Sineria, Germany, Italy, &o.; There was no extra heat, so the light must have been reflected from the only source, the sun. Perhaps your correspondent will calculate the height of this log, so that it could reflect sunlight at midnight in the sense he has taken the word reflect. The fact is. the light is reflected from particle to particle, and is not a simple reflection. The extent of this fog is proof that Mr Lockyer's theory cannot be rejected for the reason given by Mr Robertson. Turning now to his own theory, viz., that hydrogen is the cause, there are some difficulties in the way of accepting it. In the first place, there must be a good deal of it to produce the effect over most of the earth's surface. Mr Robertson argues that the reflecting power of hydrogen is six times that of air, and that the redness was six times that of ordinary 6unset. Now, it takes the whole depth of the atmosphere to produce theorilinary eifect, and since, on the theory just slated, hydrogen is six times as potent and produces six times tbe ordinary effect, its bulk must be equal to that of the atmosphere. Such an addition to our atmosphere would cause an increase of about one inch in barometric pressure, and there has been no 6uch increase. Had one-tenth of tbo amount been added to the atmosphere it would have been detected everywhere at once. In fact the barometric p-e6sure lor September was below the average, and for October almost exactly tbe average. So that no such addition as Mr Robertson claims could have been made to the atmosphere. Further, could such a bulk of gas get out of the craters ? If it were compressed by one thousand pounds on the square inch, if there bad been 10 craters a mile in diameter, pouring out nothing but hydrogen day and night, with a velocity of a mile per second, it would have taken upwards of GO days to eject it. Surely Mr Robertson did not stop to think how much hydrogen he was asking for. But, again, suppose for the sake of argument, that the hydrogen did get there in the required quantity, floating like a mantle over our atmosphere to produce pretty sunsets, could it stay there three months in spite of the well established law of the diffusion of gases ? Certainly not, it would have mixed with tbe air in a very few days, and we poor mortals would long 6ince have paid the penalty of such wild interference with natural Jaws, for a few hours in such a diluted air would cause our death. 