SHOALHAVEN. Tue season's festivities have passed off with the usual zest, and but little to detract therefrom, save rather excessive heat and the train of ills accom panying a want of rain. A sharp hailstorm on Christmas Eva ushered in a series of very hot days which have had a parching effect in most parts of the district, and doubtless contributed to several casualties by fire. On the 18th ultimo J. W. Wiley's store at Broughton Creek was burnt to the ground. At the subsequent inquest the jury were unable to ascertain the cause, but the tire seems to have originated in the centre of the store where some matches were kept within reach of rats and mice. The premises and stock were insured in the Imperial office for £2000, and in the New Zealand office for £500. Another fire originating in some smouldering embers left in the fireplace, demolished a cottage occupied by an old couple named Nicholls, at Broughtou Creek, on the 2oth ultimo. The old people lost all their worldly goods, including savings to the amount of £10 which had been deposited in a small box under the floor of the house. Mr. Bian's sawmill at Kangaroo Valley was also burnt down. Bush-fires have been common. Mr. J. Boyd, publican, Cambewarra, met with a fall from his horse on the 28th ultimo, fracturing his collar.bone. He is progressing under Dr. Brereton's care. At the Boolong races on New Year's Day a grand spread was provided with true Irish hospitality by the same genial doctor, who is over ready to identify himself with the social happiness of those about him. A much sadder event of the same day was the death of Mr. Bernard Brown, one of the oldest and most respected residents of the district. He expired after a fortnight's illness, in his 72nd year, having passed about thirty years in this district. He was a native of Dorset, England, and emigrated to the colony in 1848. For some time he acted as overseer for Mr. Berry ; he was thirteen years in the police force, twenty-one years an auctioneer, and for many years a justice of the peace. He took much in. terest in the welfare of schools-being a strong ad. vocate of compulsory education. He leaves two sons and a daughter, and a number of grand children. Jervis Bay has been patronised during the holi. days by pleasure-seekers with a penchant for prime oysters. The new lighthouse, to be erected on Point Perpendicular, will be commenced shortly. The residents of Kangaroo Valley and neighbLour. hood are quietly agitating for a tramway from Moss Vale to the top of Barrengatry Mountain. Indeed, they are inclined to go still further, and ask for an inclined tramway to take their dairy produce up one side of the mountain and down the other, and then on to Mouss Vale. There is no doubt that the pro. ject is deserving the attention of the government. Mr. Mitllr, storekeeper, contemplates adding to his business that of auctioneer and stock.salesmen, as at present sales have to be effected at Kiama or Nowra. Tenders have been called for th:e erection of a stone church (Wesleyan), at Kangaroo Valley, an evidence of characteristic :eal and enterprise. January 5. 