LOCAL NEWS. COLONIAL WINE AND THE RAILWAY REGULA- TIONS -The reserved decision of Mr. Marsh, in the cate brought against tbo Commissioner of Railways, for charging for South Australian wine as goods under class 3, was to the effect that " colonial win- " within the meaning of tbe Railway Act, means wine the produce of New South Wales alone. A special case is to be stated for reference to the Supreme Court. This derision, it will be seen, puts a further obaUcle, to that presented by the tariff, to the inter cb-n¿e of colonial wines. WOBKING MEN'S CLUB-On Tueiday evening the committee appointed to draft a code ot rules for the government of the Working Meu's Club in West Mai,land met in Mr. R. W. Thompson's office, High street. The Rev. A. A. Maclaren wes voted to the chair, A lengthened discussion took place as to the basis upon which the club should be established, and each member of the committee exhibited a warm, personal interest in the eucceas of the movement. It was pretty generally agreed that a well-lighted cosily-furnished building, with attractive surround inga, was necessary, to be supplied with chess, draughts, bagatelle, and other games ; also a liberal supply of newspapers. Harmony would also serve as an attraction, and provision should be made for smoking and conversation rooms. Rules were pre- pared for submission to a meeting to be held on Saturday evening week. Thry provided that the club shall be styled " The Young Australian Club ;' that any person above the age of fifteen years shall be eligible for membership; that honorary members may be admitted ; that candidates for membership after the first enrolment shall be proposed and seconded, and elected by ballot ; that the objects of the club shall be the social welfare of its members, by provid- ing a place of meeting for friendly intercourse and enjoyment; that tbe club shall be managed by a committee ; and that such committee shall have power to frame by-laws for the conduct of the affairs of the club Several suggestions were made and recorded for tbe consideration of the members at their first meeting. THE ESTIMATES.-We have to thank Grevillea Telegram Company and Mr. J. F. Burns, for copies of tbe Estimates andSupplementary Estimates. The total sum appropriated for 1883 was £6,813,943, and for 1884 it is proposed to appropriate £7,712,822. following are some details : Under the schedules £43,315 were appropriated in 1883, the estimate for 1884 it £46,485. Executive and Legislative, 1883, £21,216; 1884, £23293. The Colonial Secretary, 1883, £658,720; 1884, £871,608. The Colonial Treasurer, 1883, £395,526; 1884, £415,791. TbeMinister of Public Instruction, 1883, £691,499; 1884, £845,755. Minister of Justice, 1883, £245,472 ; 1884, £246,624. The Attorney-General, 1883, £35,540 ; 1884, £37,640. The Secretary of Lands, 1883, £478,350; 1884, £445,699. The Secretary of Works, 1883, public works generally, £1,142,822; 1884, £1,241,093. Rail- ways, 1883, £1,383,427 ; 1884, £1,531,392 ; 1£84, railways - salaries payable from loan votes, £54,374. The Postmaster-General, 1883, £500,385; 1884, £540,451. The Secretary of Mines, 1883, £101,604; 1884, £124,852. The totals are respectively £5,701,267 and £6,426,146 ; but the Treasurer has supplied for the Press the information tb«t the difference of £724,679 is only an apparent i 'ícrease, as a number of heavy services provided for l.istj ear out of surplus revenue are this yeer placed on the ordinary estimates for the year, The speeial appropriations which make up the above totals in each year were in 1S83 £1,112,676, and in 1884 will be £1,286,676. The interest on the funded debt, we note, which was £810,OJO last year, will this year be £980,000 A USBFOL RASI.-Following is a description of the (unctions of a self-acting hydraulic ram (Blake's), which was given a public trial in Sydney on Monday, in the presence of a number of gentlemen-"These rams seem to be eminently adapted for throwing river watar to a hillside tank ; for throwing, with river water as a motive power, water from a well to the roof of a mansion ; for supplying, by means of a tank filled st high tide, sea water for baths ; and for irrigation and m ny other purposes. The principle of the ram is very simple, but very effective, and the tri»! yesterday met with the approval of the Minister for Works and the other gentlemen who witnessed it.'' TBLBGBAPHIO NEWS.-We give the principal tele- graphic news from the Sydney papers :-Mr. Henry B ildock, a chemist at Nymboida, died from fin over- dose of str> chaine, administered by himself. The Lismore (s.) is being emptied of cargo, but it is doubtful whether she can be floated off. At Forbes on Monday the temperature lowered to 65, and a cold wind blew. The L ichUn river is very low, A young married man named Thomas Seckold WP.s.on Saturday tending a threshing machine at Wagga Wagga when his right arm became entangled in the belt, and was wrenched from ita socket. Water is scarce at Junee Junction. On Saturday, at Borembiln, near Wagga Wagga, a man named Harry Carmody died from the bursting of a blood- vessel near the heart. Sixteen points of rain were registered at Wagga Wagga on Monday, On the same day, a most destructive fire occurred at Bega. It appears to have been started wilfully. Between £300 and £350 worth of house and other property waa destroyed. On Tuesday the weather at Young had become cold, with occasional showers, Showers in Moruya district on Tuesday bad extin- guished the bush-fires, and the grass is looking green again. Good news are reported from Nyngan on Mond iy.-" The weather here seems," says the mes- sage, "to have entirely changed. On Sunday 75 points of rain fell. The sky to-day was very cloudy, and there it every appearance of a coming down- pour. The mail from Bourke, due at 9 a.m., only arrived at 7 p.m. The mailman reports very heavy mina between Gongolgon nnd Willeroon, on the Bogan River, and that parts of Tubba station (Messrs. Richardson's) are fairly under water." The steamer Richmond, belonging to Messrs. Nipper and See, and laden with maize and other produce, wns on Monday wrecked on the bar of the Hastings River, when proceeding to sea. The passengers and mails were landed safely, and the cargo is being removed, but no hopes are cherished of getting the vessel off.-Four men died in Queens- land last week from sunstroke or beat apoplexy : James Pender, at Mitchell; William Bell, at St. George ; William Haines, a newly- arrived immi- grant, in BriBbano Hospital ; Walter Buchanar, ÍD Brisbane. Colonel French, the new commandant of the Queensland Volunteers, made en official inspec- tion of the Force on Saturday. He was pleased with gun drill of the artillery, thought the drill of the engineer corps pretty good, considered the force a fine body of men, and promised to do what he could to bring it into n, state of efficiency. At Blackall the weather hus been exceedingly hot. Last Friday the bhude thermometer marked 122. The annual report of the Queensland Turf Club speaks of satis- factory progress having been made during the past year. Excitement prevails at Mackay in conse- quence of the proposal of the Government to pro- hibit tbe employment of coloured labour in the manufacture of sugar. A strong hot wind was blowing nil day on Monday in Brisbane, Drought continued in the country, but partial rains were reported from some localities. A man named George Foster bad been found murdered near Normautoo; His body bad two gashes in tbe jaws, and four knife stabs in the throat. Blacks are suspected.-In Mel- bourne, Samuel Kershaw, a wool sorter, was on 8undoy found dead/ in bia bed in circumstances leading to the suspicion that he had taken poison, The inquest confirmed the suspicion, and showed, that deceased was determined to succeed in killing himself. Heavy rain began early' on Monday morning in Melbourne, and continued all day. Since tbe imposition of the stock tax, nearly 4,000,000 head of dutiable stock have been passed into Victoria. The rain in Melbourne on Monday retched 2¿ inches, and there was on that day general rain in Victoria. Mr. Fin- lay bns withdrawn the Glenormiston stud from sale,, nares are troubling farmers in the Sandhurst dis trict.-The South Australian revenue for the patt year was £2060139, a decrease on the previous year's income of £26,936, Land sales were account- able for the prineipal decrease.-A large fir« has occurred at Christchurch, New Zealand, by which a large amount of damage was done.-Rain fell all day in Hobart on Sunday. " THE AUSTBALIAN GHAPHIO."-We have received a copy of the third number of this publication, which is very full of illustrations, although we cannot ob- serve any material improvement in their character. Except indeed in the portraits ; the process, whick seems to be unsuitable to produce nice landscape effects, is evidently adapted for portrait drawing and the page depicting the faces of the Australasian Governors is a very pleasant one to look at The literary contents of the Graphe are varied and well written. EAST MAITLAND POLICE COUBT.-Messrs. T. K. Abbott, P.M., and F. H, Bartlett, J.P., attended at the East Maitland Police Court on Tuesday, and granted an extension of bis booth license to William Bussell, of the Post Office Hotel, to the West Maitland Reserve, for the Maitland regatta on Anniversary Day. A slaughtering licence wai granted to F. G. Sparke, Oua YOUNG MAITLAND VIOLINIST.-In the Echo's notice of Herr Eretschmann's Beethoven concert at tbe University on Saturday, the following passage occurs. It relates to Master Frank Smith, of Holm- wood, East Maitland :-" An important item in the second part was the playing of De Beriot's nistk violin concerto, by a pupil of Herr Eretscbmann, aged 14 years. This boy played from memory « long and difficult work, iu which he displayed many signs of excellent teaching. He brings out a fine tone, bows well and gracefully, has a capital memory, and will probably become an accomplished player- He must, however, remember that the violin is never mastered, and that in technique he hss still much to do. A staccato passage with an up-bow if well played will be a triumph in another 10 years." The Daily Telegraph says:-"A pupil of Herr Kretschmann's-apparently quite a lad-played a concerto for violin, by De Beriot, in a wonderful manner- His tone was good, his execution marvel- lous, and he rendered with facility passage after passage of difficult double stopping." CBICKBT MATCH.- ANNIVEBBABY DAY SPOBTR The Albion C. C Eleven are engaged to play a team from the Singleton C.C.,on the Albion Ground on the 26th icst,, when the following members of the local club will take part in the match : Onus, Laurie, Waddy, Warden, Cosstick, Barry, Pullen, Love grove, Moore, Brunker, Blaxland; 12th man, Dr. S. Alcorn. A strong representative eleven are coming from Singleton, so a good game may be expected. Mr. R. A, YouDg, one of the Vice Presi- dents of tbe Albion C. C, has generously offered s prize bat for tbe bigheBt scorer in the match on the Albioua riide, and Mr. Percy Waddy has given a similar prize for competition amongst the Singleton players, 