&t;';+ 'I THE RISE INI:1IEAT. *'T Sr.n--Sn tie; .threoo wise mens of 8Quuoboyan uiet in: solenil conclavo andi unl.uninduslt ? doe cliurd tnart to the knife ?g stiiit''nbndy 'and boi6tybbdy3 who oplposed .thlir ,?i yey.uusolfish .resolution to clap on anothor fifty, per ount on tl.9, price. of meat. Theiy 'nty hlink ' themo 'selves' wlo jp their generation, but Iffancy they wlly whip tlG pnt for their liberality. Lot me suggest to .h0 iinlial?iti?Ot the propriety of Septabishiiug a copolativoi bLutolhetlrhg vtgblith nomet I ydoing' s0o I -vonturd' tO aslort that the' geneiall ruln of merit will.. no, d-olt two pence per poqnd. ;I:,f li. pourse be no adop ted let some man he 'indlced 'tq'pcimimonce iuStiejs' with a distinct pledge from thoe in habitants: that" thboy will. tick ito himn:r The doop.lgid elhenoo o tbe Queanueyan butchers wold tlhebtn like Wator,' shaboll 'i;d itsa level; Dirilng tlb" tat twenty yonere. seeral abortive att?upts have tloee Illadp to fleeco thie public, which will no doubt ho the ignlomaiinious aed of time mnov'e now ton the butchel'. bhlek and. board. ' .PRO BI3ONO PU3L1?OO. tuousp Fr.ow al--The inostmiserable beings In the world nahu eht suffering fron Dyspopsin an?d ,iyer onumplait. " Moro than seventy-live pee, pont of the peioe arei afflicteld with these two diseass and their effects :: saiol as Setlr Stomach, Siek liHe4~dou Ilabitti l'instivnesws, P'alpitaitidii of the Heairt, oit-burnrn, Water brash, gnawing mid hurting pins mHt fIhp pit of the Stonmach, Yellow Skin, Coated Tonaue and disagrecablo tast in the mouth, coming up of f0ql fter eating, low spirits, &e.; Go to your Druggist andl Lgt a bottle of August Flower. This vauluablo muedloihoiaus noirud 'thousandsi and thousand~i of stuffrers and iq known in all civilized countries. .Two dgeses will fglioveo you. It c4st only hs. Ld. a bottle. Sample bottle (ld. . One hundred oease of ihli]oid fever are ro ported in pi?d-arooundNewpastle. Mn. 'Riellyrd T, Booth, the Gusptl temlur a?,ive tnisallniar?"; arrde4d at Adelaide uti :'rhlday by the bteaniuor tdoriet.:; He p lfl comoutmnumeu iits 4Antralitj ?igiton in lodlbumo.'. M?Eu u?Or;O 1ioniday.,_ews resached here to-nlightStf a teririble bush fire raging at :Port Albert: - The s~iub all round the town is ablaze. The Chi'rch of, England was burnt down, and several private iresidoences 'were laved: with great diliculty.,3 , ' ADE? IDE, 'Monday-A sastroifr ?oc curred at Hawker yesterday, by which the railway offices and passenger satii:on were complutely destroyed. In attemliting to save the Government property the station-master wiua'sbverely lburedi. '1'He ody 1Esucceeded ini s iving the books. ; The aniount of:the daimkge is?iknoo Awn n i lA hAl rjuest was 'heldu- to-day, when aall open verdict was returned. The fire presumably originated from the igniting of the grass through excessive heat. FATALITY AT WALLERAWANG. - Lithgow, Tuesday. - A sad accident occured at Wallera wang at about one o'clock this morning. A shunter named Edward Penrose, was engaged shunting some trucks, when he fell or was knocked under a waggon, the wheels of which passed over his thighs and abdomen. The poor fellow lingered in great agony until about three a.m., when he expired. Penrose was a young married man, with one child. A SHocKIeO DEAT?r.-Mudgeo, Monday. A shocking occurrence -has been reported to the police authorities: n A sahepherd named William Ketinuedy, who' was in the employ of Mr Hugh Farrelly of Rylstone, whilst en doavouring to extinguish a bush fire, got into the thick undergrowth, and being surrounded by flames before he could make his escape, was literally roasted to death.-Telegramn to eS. 1M. Herald. 'T.E OOMET.-Mr; TI:. '. Russell, govern \- dtaot'astronoiner, wiites to the Sj.'.- Herald as follows; under date of-.lth instant:-'! This evening, January 10, the first fine evening since the comet has been above our horison, I I had no difficulty in finding it. It is scarcely visible, with :the naked eye, but of course easily.soon witlh a liinoular glass. With :the large telescope a bright but niot well de fined nucleus is seen, and the coma s nearly equal all rouuld it. I obtained good oh servations with a stai- near 'it, but these are not yet reduced. To-night the comnet's I.A. is 23h. 6.m, and declination 1.18 niorth. The _haze in the west is still so great that the comet was too faint to measure when 10 above the horizon.: . As soon as the moonlight'is past the cornet will be,a conepicious.object. It is now Inearly due wisst and about 25" above the hori son at 8 p.." . . -The IBrib?ll.ii 'iueiii' reports that Jamlnu Kullott, of John-street, Fortitude Valley, was burned in his own house at about 1 p. mal.'n the li 12th "iestiint. ý A' Mr. ; iStarkey,. who resides oppositc,.heared cries of a person in TMdr. Kollett's house.i He at. nce ran across to the Slouse, anmd . found Mr. Kellett lying on a sofa in the front roodn, and allhis clotlius oil fire. Mr. Starkey obtained. water, 'and quickly ex tinguished the flames. Kellett, who was mluch a burned about the body and arms, was it once removed to the hospital in a cab by the polico, r where he died at t. 30 p.nm. It is supi.osed lthat whilst smoking a spark ful from his pipe, and. set tire to his clothes. There was no other poIrh?on in.t tholhouse .itthe time, his, wife goiing tbnontii'Samidgato ith hIer childroen. 'A iMYsIou ArPait has h?oon reporte' to thei Molbourno coroner. '.Stopjlei Cole, a resi ilerit of O'Gtrumns square,L' il York-stroet, South iheolhui'no, report, thiidini in his hu.?e the remlailis of an infant's skoletot-for it wa inutlhing moroe-which had been rolled upl in ani f" o1d Iiriut dross iud pl;ocer in :a caunva:e b;g. Thu rem.Oin's wireo taken to thu police statioo, where Dr. Lucas having cxiuonilsed thieii, ex. pressed his aoiriumin thltt they wure those of a fully llmatured female child, bIorn twiti l IIIIImonths ago, but tlhere was nothing to indlicatr whether it haid beonb~lnri duacitor, nlivo.-Telogritli in S. S .' Iieriald. MlcUIeir O0 A PAIt.\\.MOUII.--A ?ttlela ii frlllo Dtsniielil, dated Decomiber 31, to ai Aciklalid paper says: A lua nanlimed Williaii Pealrei hait; buto..-ii irtrested for the imurdlr of Matilda Eian ocek. The twi wi -o cohabitiiig togothl:r. I Both were nib:lldoned chanletors.. 'T'llu wolil:Ill Slhad heul freiuitntly finued for drukeIness mail I lrstitutit:n. Whilst Pearco only a few imniiths sine c(l oou Ot of jail, aftor surving 18 molthls for'stiabbing a iian. Pearce and his paraimeur F had hoon driniking ,together on Saturday slud h-id it quarrl;, during which she was stabbed, it gapiig wcvuid being inflicted. iii her loft tide. Throim wnan liiuiijed in her own lioiuas till nbout 0 o'clock tliles ? iniuig, wlhen she! died,' alb'ut 2, o'clock thisn.no'lting Pearce reported to the police that thtewom.ait .hind died slddenly diiir tug the niight.,- The police found the body ws-itl the wond in in if, aril also several bruises. Au I inquest was heold this aftornoon, at which the 'onily evidence taklen 'was that of ,Pear e, whil deposed to, the idenitity of the 'deceased. He' had known her for olevein years and had lived 'with' hier for four months:.: She has a daughter ievel years old, -an d ii she hier?lf -was 43. A Past inortent examitiuation shmwed that death resulted frilum thel wouu?l, lThe wmnuil''is thel divorced wcifu of a mlail cvhi,was .. ivell-loiwcni 'iublican in Durnedin some timeo ago. 'Thi Duke df \Vestimiiuister lhla decided to nli?lck aCn xporimient with his'London property. Heo will:not alluow any newqtublio.lousus.tt be established on ]lis town estate, .and. its the lbisesoof ithe existing hiuses':ftll inl he will ,lnt! liperit themol to' otltilnue as licensed houses. The city coroner eonucluded on Tucsday an igiquest'toulli'iig the"death of Heiiry Swau brow, who died on the 7th instant frout thue efflcts of injuries supposed to have been - in flicted by it blow fromi a cindlestick. Itwuuld appearithat the iiiotheidr id father of the child' were quarrellinu. arid in course of the quarrel: it is allbgodlithat "tlo father struck at the mnotherwith a candlestick, thleblow falling on the childcatusing its deathl. The iiquiry lastedl several diays, ,and resulted iin thl jury reoturning a verdict of inlauslitughtr alainst Henry Swati-r brow, the father of the child, aud hi6 wae conm miitted to take his tril' aiit the ceiiti'al criinimal court. ' . ' :' . Soalb of tile Freneh Banks have (says tho B.rilklif; Record) triod female clerks, for special. work. The Bank of Fraiico, in its note do. partmont, and also for coupons, -c., has a stLff of 200' ischl~ an' lll is foulnd) thati for tuest: worthlinoss, skilful hitndling, and rapidity they oxcel the s'lipiriol" sex ' . ' ,painful case of iifo dosortion (says the Melboiune'Agce) was broghlt before the city magistrates on Saturday,'uirecn a woman named Coheii ilale her appearance .in court, witli saix little ulhildrui cliiginig to her skirts, the oldest niot b1inj.-niore than tenl years old. Her story was a jitlful otio. Toer huisbanil.d a shooemaker, could earn £3 a \ceeok, but'l he-had iun awacy to Svdnov. after hIavine tried to commnit suicide. A veory -ad aR0eld tocqcettcd on Sunday afternoon, near Rose 73y, n' the Souith Head IRbodrli?v;i'ithlecMr-Henr} Sanders a nmiember of the Sydney Club, lost his life. The deceased gentleman, with another member of the club, wars riding ~Owards Sydneoy when his hrjrse bolted and gallopod off at a furiois rate. Turn ing a corner ho ,was lost to.sight, and when next hisfriend-~vho rodo ralidly after him saw hli. he was lying on tle ground senselus'e Eti Ivas iemoved .t' tleo club; .but, dted the ri,:ooe onin6.frou fIacteure of thq skucll. -Mr. Sanders had beenu land agnut at Gl'oi Inlces, and was afterwards removed to Tamwortlh, where-.Ip filleodtm asinihir position. ?io had recently' bden" 'eiploited to the ' positiohn of clerk of potty scraioss Itlht ild nagolt at Urninl, iaid:ltad a few daysago coime tq Sydnoy on his way to his now appointment. , With regard tothe ox'praes trains running between Sydney anil Doelbourne, ncording 'to the proposed new timeo.table, which will con sldorably- shorton the tinme of tlhe journey, we understand that int compliance with a request tnnde by the Melbournn Railway Department. the now aramngonents will come into oporation on'the 4th of next month instead of the e1t. On W\VtedYctl ay morniing at ,tokwood, a .goods train rail into the hearsecarriiago of tile fuuora.-trit ogind cut it to piecos. Two bodies were in it. Cqln cOqlntI Fs smashed and the corpse rolled out. Tho corpsOe of Mrgain, ldrowmed at Cranvillo, was also expnsod. No passenger; .Wre in tre funeral-train at thei time. Destructive bush-fires have been raging around Berrima, Bowral, Moss Vale, and Sutton Forest, and thousands of pounds' worth of capital grass has been destroyed. On one run £700 worth of fencing were consnmod. An attrocious murder wais committed near Boggabri on Tuesday. A drover while taking stock down the condutry entred a paddock which was in charge of a Chinaman. The Chinaman remonstrated and struck the drover with a hoe. His head was split open and the unfortunate man instantly killed. 