BUSHFIRES.ON THE EAST COAßT. I \--:-. I, [FROM OUR OWN COItKKSPONDKNT.l I During the past fortnight bush firos'bavo boen raging' along tho 'Käst Coast, from George's Bay to somo milos south of Pal-" mouth, but without doing ¡much" damage till within the last fow days. On Tuesday, tho 8th, a firo «as started in a largo quantity of dry scrub, nt German Town, which had boen cut down before Christmas. The fire ragod furiously, apel burnt a considerable quantity ofifoncing. ThoTublic School had a narrow escape, as a stringy-bark tree took fire, tho snaiks fiom uhich «ero being blown on to tim roof during tbo wholo night j luckily, tho shingles did not catch lire. On Friday, a firo sot in at1 the north-viost of' Gorman Town, which burnt noarly tho ? wholo of tho north sideline fence of Mr. P. Lohroy's property. Messrs. P. and J. Lohrey had hark work to koop tina fire down.iThoy ntlaatsuccccdod, as thoy thought, but uoxt morning it broke out again. Thosamo thing happoned on Sunday and on Monday, whon a vpry strong hot wind was blowing from tho N.AV. Tho firo gotboyond all con- trol, and it was with tho greatest dilticulty that Mr.-A. Lohroy's house and barn wero savod. ''Tho houso vi as on fire ' onco, and tlío i barn > ' sovoral times, but by 5rompt - attention both wero. saved. , Mr.t oim Lohrey'had a considerable quantity of foncing burnt, and tho crops , near them spoiled.' At tho Scamandor tho casualties wero much moro serious. Mr. Georgo Dunn's houso. outbuildings, fences, and crops, wcro all burned.' Nothing .was savod, but what,Mr. Dunn and his family'could lay their ,bands on, and carry out whilo tho .houso was1 on fire, j - ', ,Í j i i , i . i iiai'l ,' It is oxpocted thjit, Bovorali other-iarmors liavolbbdn bHcnt.oiit^buJi noftihig Ja Jçnojvn. for certain nsyet. . -n,inL.'.tii'i-' Mra.1 Bogcrs at Four Milo Crcek,_flurlng ,hor husband's abseiico,, earriod .inpstjof her, furniture,' etc., "out of tho houso, in case it (tlip houso) should'"catch'"" fire, tho furni- ture was burnt, tho houso did not catch fire. On Tuesday ovoning a light rain Jell, which, lasted for'threo or four hours. Though not heavy,1 it Boems, to havo effectually stopped tho firesias.tho nir which has been laden with smoko for tho last fortnight is again clcar,alnl 'fresh. | " ' I forgot to mention that Mr. Dunn, who has awifo in delicate health, and six or sovon" Îoung children, is in indigent circumstances, t is proposed to roiso a subscription on his behalf,1 and contributions will be thank- fully received by Mr. Swift, the teacher of tho public school, Germantown, near St,' Mary's. Since « riting tho above I havo hoard that ninan named Bryan);Soymour, has,had his house, with contents, outbuildings, fonces.and crops (totally destroyed. Messrs. King, Bcckot, James Anderson, and Bark, of Four Milo Creek hove lost almost everything but their houses. Mr.' AVardlaw 'has1 liad alargo quantity of barley burnt in, tho fiold, anda deal of bush foncing dostroyod. Mr. Strochnottor, of tbo island near St. Mary's, also bad ovorything burnt but ins house, i which seems to havo escaped by a mil ade, as'tho roof is said to look as if it had boon perforated by shot, so full is it of holes burnt by tho sparks. Ho also had soveral' cattle injured by tho fire and falling timbor. Mr. John Steel (Falmouth) with difficulty kept tho fires from his grain paddocks,/ v j A subscription is nlso'boinggot up'in aid of tho man ¿îryarit, who is almost ruinad, i Contributions to this list may bo sent'to Mr. James AVardlaw, - Chain of , Lagoons,' St iMary's. ' . u_> .t ' ' i .i/' ' Gorman Town, January IG., \ (j|[, it .? 