INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. NEW SOUYH WALES [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Tuesday. Mr. Parnell has intimated to the members of the Assembly that it is the intention of the Government to introduce a clause in the Land Bill, authorising the holder of a bond fide pro-emptive lease to convert the same into a conditional lease for five years, with the right of purchase at the end of that period. It is declared by the members of the Oppo sition that there is no foundation for the statement that they will combine to a man in maintaining the rents of Crown lands, proposed by the Government in the Land Bill. The Governor has signified his intention of being present at the Masonic ball to be given in the new Masonic hall on Thursday even- ing. This morning the Rev. Dean Mahony of St Marys Cathedral, and the Rev Mr. Hough, of St James's Church, waited upon Mr Wright, the Minister of Works to represent to him the inconvenience that would be caused to their congregations by a tram line along College street past the cathedral to the back of St James's Church They also pointed out that the trams would be a constant source of danger to persons at tending those places of worship. Mr Wright, in reply, said the proposed route was not definitely settled. He would consider what they had said, and endeavour to devise some scheme by which the objections complained of could be obviated. Tenders were opened by the department of Public Works to day, for the supply of brake vans required for the Great Southern and Western railway lines, for five years. Two tenders were received, but no decision has yet been arrived at. A sum of £2,400 has been placed on the estimates, as a retiring allowance to Mr W Wilkins, the under secretary of Public Instruction, who has been for some time absent from his duties in consequence of ill health. Dr Day and a trained nurse left Sydney last night for Cape Hawke, whence they will proceed to Forster to attend the typhoid patients there. The inspector general of police has written to the under secretary respecting the disap pearance of Henry Salway from Dignams Creek, near Bermagui. He says there is no reason for suspecting foul play. Salway is supposed to have wandered away, and either got lost or committed suicide. The police with the black trackers, have thoroughly searched the country for miles around with out success. A special meeting of the City Council this morning confirmed the report of the Finance Committee recommending that no water rate be levied, and that a late of 1s. 6d. in the pound be levied for general purposes. Some excitement has been manifested at Lismore consequent upon a report that the Government intend to impose a duty on colonial made sugar. Meetings have already been called to protest against the proposal, as it is considered that at this early stage of the sugar growing industrv, where so much outlay is required at the outset, a duty would be ruinous. The reported death of the young man Seekold, whose arm was amputated in the Wagga hospital in consequence of an acci dent that he received while attending to a threshing machine, proves to be incorrect. He is still very week, but is expected to recover. The eleventh session of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church commenced in the York-street Church this evening, under the presidency of the Rev Wm. Moore, the retiring president, who delivered an able ad dress The Rev J H Fletcher was elected president for the ensuing year. The steamer Richmond is still fast on the reef inside the Port Macquarie bar. The forehold is full of water, but the engine room is dry. A portion of the cargo, princi- pally maize, has been discharged. The vessel is likely to be saved. The proprietor of the Zulu and Egyptian War Diorama appeared at the Central Police Court today, and having pleaded guilty to disposing of certain goods by chance by the sale of tickets, w as ordered to pay a fine ol £5. The Selection Committee met this after noon and picked the following players to meet the Australian Eleven in the forthcom ing match on the Association Cricket ground on Friday, Saturday, and Monday next. Allan, Bryant, Davis, Evans, Garrett, A. Gregory, Hiddlestone, Jones, Marr, Moses, M'Glinchey, Nunn, Tobin, G. Tooher, and Turner, with Fletcher as 16th man The weather to day is oppressively warm A large bushfire has broken out in the scrub near the Waratah railway station. The flames have extended a quarter of a mile, and part of the railway fence has been destroyed. A spark from a locomotive is supposed to have caused the fire._ 