DEVASTATING BUSHFIRE AT BAB- FOLD AND LANGLEY. GREAT LOSS OF PROPERTY, Shortly after two o'clock on Saturday afternoon dense clouds of smoke were seen ascending for away to the north of Kyneton clearly indicating that an unusually large bushfire was raging. was not however till the arrival ef the coach from Heathcote at eight o'clock in the evening that any particulars could be gleaned. The fire presented a spectacle of terrible grandeur as it travelled in its devastating course for a distance of about six miles. Except for the fearful rapidity with which the fire pursued its course, and the danger to which homesteads were exposed, together with the loss that ensued, there is little to record From an eye witness we gather that about ten minutes to two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, one of Sir W. H. F. Mitchell's employes who was engaged superintending carting the recently cut crop observed a sudden blaze close to the fence on the side of the road. A strong north wind was blowing at the time, and before the fire could be checked the wind urged it onwards until it reached che crop which was stooked in the field. From stook to stook the flames spread with lightning rapidity until the produce of over two hundred acres was reduced to ashes. Speeding on its way the grass land was next attacked, and nearly a thousand acres were left a bare black ppanse. Mr Midnight's property ad- joining next fell a victim to the flames and j forty acres of c.op and a hundred and fifty acres of grass were utterly destroyed. The conflagration spread into Mrs Richie's farm but while die lost all her grass, she was more fortunate than the others as not more than about seven acres of crop were lost Mr H. Kennedy was in the line of flame and he suffered the loss of all his grass, and about one-third of his crop Mr East lost none of the results of hiB harvest hut unfortunately lost all his grass. On Mr Hutcheson's farm there was no crop but a great extent of grass was consumed At Mr Dickens' farm the fire wąs hęątep, but not till ftę flameą had approached within a couple oj chahjs of two large stacks containing th. whole of his crop. Here some of the neighbors had succeeded in getting ahead of the fire, and ploughing nr> the ground between theątąckTand the . IVBRCUJg Maze, left nothing for consumption, Had tins manoeuvre "not been sue- • cessful it is impossible to form an opinion of how much more damage would probably havę, beęn done, At one time the . SehwJ anpwred « imminent danger, as was Mr Twyf oid's hostelry, hot fortunately both escaped, owing to the exertions «r tie SW«, M 8t Mr Dicken's the principal combat with the fire took place. _Every person in the neighborhood of the line or lire, awe io assist, turned out and worked with the most commendable energy. The actual amount of the loss resulting from the conflagration cannot well be amved at. How the fire originated, no one knows, but probably it is 'a repetition of the story of adescarded match, or a smoker's carlessness. On - Sunday tnorning" the. fallen timber was still burning, but a shower of rain did good service in extinguishing the. last of the disastrous fire. 