Notes of the Month. TJlHE following paragraph is copied from the Melbourne Argus: — JL ? ' There will be a change this year in the staff of the Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne. Mr. K. G. Goggs, M.A., and Mr. A. H. Atkin, two of the present masters, are leaving the colony ; the former to occupy Professor Gurney's place at Sydney University for a year, and the latter to study for the medical profession in England. To fill these vacancies, the Kev. T. H. Rust, M.A.. of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, lately master of Bishop Stortford SnVi^r.1 id a-vnontaA in orriup frmn TCnorln.nf} hv t.hfi next Orient steamer ; and Mr. J. A. Thompson, F.C.S., F.G.S., of London Univer sity, for eight years a master of Christ's Hospital, London, who has been a short time in the colony, will be entrusted with the science teaching of the school, and have charge of a form on the modern side.: In accordance with an arrangement sanctioned by the council, the school re-opens on 5th February.' mHB total destruction of the church at Port Albert on 14th JL January by a furious bush-fire which, urged by a fierce north ?wind, ravaged the country round, the township itself only escaping by a miracle, has inflicted a heavy blow upon a congregation whichjs far from wealthy, at a time, too, when the neighbourhood, having contri buted largely within the last few months towards the erection of places of worship for the Roman Catholic and Wesleyan bodies, is in a worse position for meeting any unexpected demand. The harmonium, and the seats and fittings, generally, were saved through the great exertions of the residents, but the building itself was uninsured, and it is calculated that it will take at least £200 to rebuild it As the being compelled to raise or borrow so large a sum will seriously cripple the resources of the district, we trust that efforts will be made by at least our more prosperous parishes, as well as by wealthy and liberal Churchmen in all our parishes, to give substantial help to the Port Albert Church in its day of visitation. Among other losses sustained by the congregation is that of their church bell. It has been suggested to us that, perhaps, some of our readers mayknow of a congregation possessing an'old bell, which in the course of improve ments has been discarded, which they will be willing to give as their contribution to the work of restoration, WE have been requested to give a place in our columns to the following announcement, published by the Rev. A. J. Camp bell, chairman of the Larra board of trustees :— ' The Larra Theo logical Scholarship— £50, tenable for three, or four years— is now vacant. It is open to all Protestant denominations. Competitors ? must be graduates of Melbourne (or other recognised) University, and must undertake to go through a full course of theological training, with the view of entering the ministry of one or other of the Victorian Churches. Subjects of examination :— Greek New Testa ment, Biblical Knowledge, Moral Philosophy, Church History (Six teenth Century). The competitive examination will take place at Ormond College on the first Tuesday of March at eleven o'clock. Names and addresses of competitors to be forwarded to me on or before 1st March.' EARL NELSON'S proposal at the Reading Congress that Bishop Barry should be created Archbishop, instead of Metropolitan, of Australia, although reasonable and taking, as substituting a real dignity for a misleading title, had this difficulty about it thatifc, failed to point out with whom the -power rested to confer the appointment. The Crown has no such power, nor has the Archbishop of Canterbury, unless the General Synod of these colonies shall pass an ordinance giving him authority to confer the higher title upon their Primate. We believe, however, that there is a strong feeling in the Church in Australia in favour of the Primatial See being filled by an Archbishop, and we shall be surprised if steps are not taken at the next meeting of the General Synod to give effect to the general desire. WE extract the following remarks on clerical isolation from the Queensland Guardian: — 'In a recent article giving a resume of Church work in this diocese, we lamented the absence of anything like corporate action amongst us. As we pointed out, one reason why Church spirit is so dead here is that we seem to be rather a disorganised collection of Congregational chapels with no diocesan unity than real members of one body. We will not attempt to enumerate all the causes which have led to this sad condition of affairs, but briefly allude to an evil which we believe to be a fertile source of many of our troubles. We refer to the evil of clerical isolation. It is certainly not good for man to be alone, and the rule applies with ten-fold force to the clergyman. For this reason, as is well known, our Lord sent His disciples to their work by two and two, that each might afford to the other that sympathy and en; couragement so necessary to the arduous and oftentimes disappoint ing work of saving souls. Our Lord Himself was also wont to depart with His apostles into a desert place for a season of retirement and meditation, and what was felt so necessary for the apostles cannot Burely be thought less essential for the clergy in these days. What opportunities of this kind, however, do our clergy get ? Absolutely none. We admit that they meet together, for a few days once a year at Synod, but onr experience has been that those occasions afford very few of those opportunities for mutual intercourse and devotion to which we have referred. The consequence is that many a clergy man, isolated year after year in a large bush district, amidst surroundings uncongenial to his sacred office, becomes fearfully secularised, and often constrained to cry out in bitterness of spirit— ' They made me the keeper of the vineyards, but. mine own vineyard have I not kept.' ' DURING the last month there has been an outbreak of ferocious incontinence amongst the criminal class in Sydney. On two occasions women, falling into the hands of a crowd of men and boys ? in lonely parts of the city, have died from the effects of savage and tumultuary violation. Crime has not, as yet, attained to these mon strous dimensions in the metropolis of Victoria, but we are not without proof that the same spirit of rampant animalism is abroad amongst our own larrikins, and wants only provocation and opportunity to do deeds that would rival the horrors of the Sydney outrage's, It is with no thought of elevating or restraining the brutes who are capable of their atrocities, but with the idea of enlisting for ^pro tection of their victims the powerful help of an order of chivalry pledged, like the knights of old, to reverence womanhood and defend chastity, that we draw attention to the simple rules of the White Cross Army, to which men and youths in every part of England have given in their names at crowded and enthusiastic meetings: 'I promise, by the help of God, (1) to treat all women with respect, and endeavour to protect them from wrong and degradation ; (2) to endeavour to put down all indecent language ana coarse jescs ; (3) to maintain the law of purity as equally binding upon men and women ; (4) to endeavour to spread these principles among my com panions, and to try and help my younger brothers ; (5) to use every possible means to fulfil the command, ' Keep thyself pure.'.' Why' should not a branch of this army be founded in Melbourne ? The White Cross is at least as much needed in this colony as the Blue Ribbon. ? -.'??.-??'[) ————— x . ;.-. . . ij.-j WE are glad to give cordial welcome to the Church Herald, a new Church periodical, hailing from Napier, New' Zealand. The paper, which is edited by the Rev. Dr. Berdt Hovel], has for its object to promote ' a feeling of sympathy and unity among the Churchmen of Hawke's Bay, by affording opportunities for making the Christian work which is being carried on in the district more generally known.' The first number, which is now before. us, appears to us well calculated to advance this object ; and if the Church Herald puts forth as yet but modest pretensions, we arc quite- of =the editor's mind, that it is wiser to begin in a humble way,1 which 'can be easily maintained, than ' to start off in grand fashion as a literary - rocket, to come down rapidly thereafter, like the stick which has lost its support, and has to stop further progress.' 