A GREAT deal of dissatisfaction has been aroused by the results of the late matriculation and civil service examination in connection with the Melbourne University; and, certainly, when the case is critically considered, it is not surprising that this dissatisfaction should be felt. The candidates,' all told, numbered 869; and of these about 280 " passed" the matriculation course, and about 270 that of the civil service. This ia so different to previous efforts on the part of the youth of this colony to secure the coveted certificates, that it is co wonder dissatisfaction should arise, or that remarks not particularly complimentary to the University authorities should be rife. The usual thing is—using round numbers—for about one-half the students to pass the civil service test, and for about third to get through the .matric. But on this occasion the results- are not much in «xcess of a fourth in each case,with the civil service "pass"rather behind, instead of being, as usual, considerably in advance of die matric.; and it is only natural, ^ t}2>}refore_ >JioA ^.—.powfra who nave "been rejected should .feel that, aome of them, at all events, have not been fairly treated. How far.this feeling is justifiable it is, of course, impossible for us to say, aB we have not the students' papers to guide us to a decision; bnt even making due allowance for the grumbling which is be re to occur where success has not been achieved, certain peculiarities with -regard to the last examination have come to light which go s long way to explain the discontent which so generally prevails. Ear example, we know of a case in which a boy did die English paper so badly that he told his father he would go no farther ia the examination as he was sure to ail. Sis father, however, persuaded im to go on, as the examination would be a guide to him .when he went np" next time; and be did go cm, oing the rest of the papers carelessly, s he regarded all chance of passing one. On tbe other hand, we Imow. of boy who did fll bis papers well, for is woik was enttmitted to his insbneor each evening—and one of the est inBtoBctorfi : ; t^e colony—^nd ven in tie JEngBshjjmper the b emod \W hairej' "answered ;aH the quesions aocurately bnt one or two, which d q did not allow him io underak& Yet tho.fonaer nmdHrtfl, to s a bis great surprise, finds himself passed in both the civil service and the matri eolation, while the latter candidate finds thathe has not passed in either. Another boy, whose work WBB tested quite as carefully was concluded to have done 90 per cent of every paper, yet he is among the forlorn and rejected. In another case, a bov, after the first day's examination, showed his teacher what he bad done, and was told that in both subjects he had miserably failed; yet that boy now finds himself on the winning side, and is declared, among other successes, to have passed in those very subjects. In another case, one boy answered seven questions—as it is presumed, by the figures he submitted to his teacher—accurately in algebra, and another boy four; yet tbe latter passed in that subject, while the other finds himself plucked over that paper. In another case, a boy did only four or five sums in the arithmetic paper correctly, and another boy eight; yet the former paBsed, and the latter lost in that subject. In another case we know of, tbe " dux" of a leading school went through the examination, and did his papers .well, while some of the other students who " went up" from the same school, did their work indifferently. Yet the former looks in vain for hiB name in. the successful list, whilst most of the other lads find themselves passed both in the civil service and the matric. courses. But the most surprising incident of all re ported to DS remains to be told. We are told of two boys in this town, one of whom has taken part in these examinations twice before, and the other once. In the latter case, the boy passed in English, while the other boy passed in English on the two occasions, both lads obtaining the civil service " pass." Both these lads have had twelve months' additional school drilling, under excellent teachers, in English as well as in other subjects; e yet both lads at the late examination were among those who were rejected in b English; losing thereby the civil service for this year as well aB the matriculation course. Other incidents of the last examination of much the same surprising character as the above have been reported to us; bnt the above will suffice to show that these University examinations are worked out by the University authorities in a way which baffles all comprehension. If we turn to the papers as prepared by the University for these examinations, the thing is equally puzzling. In the French paper, for example, third question, the student is asked to give Latin equivalent, although a student can pass both the civil service and matriculation without knowing a word of Latin. In the English paper, the student is asked to name the principal contributors to the Spectator, and to give some account of the periodical literature of Queen ANNE'S reign, and of the authors who were connected with it; although what al) this haB to do with proving a boy's knowledge of the construction of the English language it would puzzle more astute people than even Philadelphia lawyers to explain. In the arithmetic paper, there is a question about railway tickets, and another question about the mixing of spirits with water, both of which are manifestly wrong—that is, in the way in which tbe questions are put. While in the uclid, or geometry, paper, the sixth uestion is a complete maze, for the problem cannot be worked out at ll. The papers, therefore, are as uzzling as the results announced, causing boys and girls to think that ti8more a sort of "toss up," than a ju.-6i.ion of real fitnesB, whether a q t f b t t n t q t t e m d f m o m r t i r m f l f B a c t i i v g C t f w b o t q s f b candidate passes or ranks in the list of failures. The small percentage of passes at the jnst concluded examination, speaking in a comparative sense, is no doubt due to ~ the English and arithmetic papers, both of which have questions in them which should never have been put there, the English one particularly; and this fact, besides tbe above, is shown by the subject of the essay being comets. Bat the ignorance of most youngsters of comets WSB sure to get them into difficulties of punctuation, owing to the forced writing which it would necessarily involve; and this fact should have caused whoever drew op the paper to leave the candidate to select his or her own subject for the essay, so that he or she would have had fair play in dealing with this portion of the English paper. There will, of course, be grumblings after every examination, for every boy s or girl thinks he or she should pase. But there really is room for justifiable grumbling in conncction with the late examination; and the foregoing particulars, we think, will esta blish this fact in a form which there is no possibility of disturbing. Remembering that people pay a great deal of money to the University over these examinations, and that the rejection of a candidate means considerable expense to a parent to prepare his offspring for the next opportunity, we hold that the papers should not only be most carefully examined, but that tbe pap,erB should also be fairly drawn up, free from blunders on the.oce hand, and without " catch questions " on the other. But it would bo a stretch of tho imagination to say that this is always ihe case with the examinations which _ilu»--P»*"'" i< y "fearas," ~ -or" xHSre. -wonld not be the wellgrounded-complaints which these ex-' aminations usually arouse, and which s have been specially rife in connection with* the examination which has just been concluded. Our own opinion is that right will not be done until copies of every candidate's answers are made available to students on payment of a reasonable' fee. This would not do away with the eccentric style in which some of the papers are drawn up. But it would be a check upon the tests to which the replies of candidates are put; and if only one-half of what we hear be true, a check of this sort is badly wanted. WE publish in another colnmn Mr DAVID CHRISTY'S returns of tbe Ballarat division for tbe quarter ending 31st December; and it' JB some time ranee we had to publish anything so F a s C eb unexpected. Considering the apparent m stagnation which attended min|ng t in (bis division daring the last few months, an exceedingly poor return p was looked for from Mr GHBISTT when, ° e came to make np tbe figures for- tbe t • uarter of tbe year bringing .1883 to o a oee. A falling-off of a somewhat erious character was expected " all long the line," with scarcely a tangle a e J S J l a s a b a m c i to illumine the immediate future of the division. This was the expectation; and everything that one could see justified the widespread belief which thus existed. But Mr CHRISTY comes to the rescue in a most surprising manner, scattering all these gloomy notions to the wind, and giving us a return which is really of a most gratifying kind, showing that the last quarter of 1883 was really an improvement, instead of being a decline, upon the immediately precedingquarter. Thus, for the September quarter, the total yield of gold was 12,501 oz 8 dwt 6 gr, the dividends £4072, while the crushings from quartz—the gold obtained from which is, of course, included in the total yield as just described—were 41,350 tons, yielding 11,280 oz 3 dwt 6 gr of gold, or an average of 5 dwt 10 94 gr per ton. These were the figures for the September qnarter; and the December returns were expected to be much lower, not only on account of the general dulness which our mines displayed, but also owing to the Christmas holidays being included in that period. Yet instead of this forecast being borne out, we have really an appreciable improvement noted by Mr CHRISTY, as hiB returns for the quarter ending December stand thus:—Total yield of gold, 13,951 oz 16 dwt 8 gr; dividends, £5780 16s 8d; crushings from quartz, 34,708 tons, yielding 12,918 oz 0 dwt 5 gr, or an average of 7 dwt 10-65 gr per ton. The December quarter, therefore, beat the September quarter, in the total yield of gold, by 1450 oz 8 dwt 6 gr, in dividends by £708 16s 8d, and in the yield of quartz crushed by 1637 oz 19 dwt 2 gr, and the average per ton of the yield of quartz by a fraction less than 2 dwt, which Bimply means that the value of the quartz we crushed during the December quarter the value of the quartz we crushed during the September quarter over 25 per cent.—no Bmall circumstance to note in connection with: mining. And there was all improvement, too, Jn spite of the which occurred in the number of miners in the division during he December quarter, which, unforunately, totals no less than 337—the umber of miners bring—for the Sepember quarter 1832, for the December c t uarter 1495. It will thus be seen hat 337 miners left us between Sepember and December to seek work G l lsewhere, a most unpleasant loss of L uscle and purchasing power for the. J ivision to experience, although the a m Mietp c alling-off did not affect the work of ining in the division, for instead f the decline in the number of iners causing a diminution esults, the foregoing figures show hat it was really accompanied by an mprovement. Not so much quarts was aised; but what was raised yielded ore gold; and. in this way the deiciency caused by so many miners eaving us was luckily adjusted. It ollows, therefore, that the mines in the allarat division are not doing as badly s was generally thought, bnt on the ontrary, that where work iB being coninued the results are gratifying, yieldng more gold than just before, that is, n proportion to the ama of ground deeloped. In the analysis of the figures iven elsewhere it will be seen that Mr HBisrr takes a very hopeful look of he division. He specifies five diferent spots where mining is looking ell, and from which good results may e looked for as the ground is further pened up and explored. Couple all his with the results of the December uarter, and this fact will be clearly een—that the Ballarat mines are not alling-off, aB was generally supposed, ut, on the contrary, are forging ahead, u — s oiIolsvo s w a p t t b v v b q s tg P ta in spite of the temporary decay of the Skiptonstreetline,andotherdrawbackB. Some of the old mines are coming to the front again, while new ones are beginning to assert themselves in a very pleasing form ; and all this gives to the Ballarat mines a brighter look than they have borne for some little time past, and certainly indicates a most hopeful future. . A fearfully narrow escape from death by fire was experienced by a Urs Lewis and ber infant on Sunday evening. Mrs Lewis is the wife of a miner working in one of the claims in the Kingston district, resides in Pleasant street, off Stnrt street. About nine o'clock she went to put the youngest child to bed, and is so doing tbe candle she was holding caught the bed-curtains.' Patting the little thing in bed, she reached np and pulled down the burning curtains, only to set her clothes and the bed on fire, and then, completely overcome, the unfortunate woman ank to the floor utterly unable to move or call for assistance. All this time the flames were hlazing round the equally helpless child, wbo, however, more awake to its terrible situation, commenced screaming loudly. Mr Ottaway, a neighbor who lives close by, heard the terrified screams of the child, and, running to the honse buret open the door and fonnd tbe child as described with the mother, lying on her face on the floor. Snatching np the child Mr Ottaway ran outside and procured thi> Assistance of two young men, who quickly dragged the woman out of the burning building, and rolling her in a bush soon extinguished the flames from ber clothes. Dr Woinarsti was then sent for, and on feeing the condition of Mrs Lewis, who was badly burnt about the, arms and neck, advised her removal to the Hospital. This was done. The little child happily escapod uninjured, but nearly everything in the bedroom was burnt, although not totally Btroyed. Last night Mrs Lewis was progressing as favorably as could be expected. Great credit is due to Mr Ottaway and the two young men whose names, whose names we„coald aoocrtwin, for the promptitude they displayed. We have to record the sad and somewhat udden death of one of Ballarat's plr.neer?, in the person of Mr H. C. Chown, at North itzrov, on Thursday afternoon. Mr Chown rrived with his family in the Great Rri-ain teamship the first trip she made to these colonies, and came to "Ballarat on the morning of the Eureka riots. He kept the wrf!. known .hostelry, the Fremasons' hotel, for many years. He WBB appointed clerk of works over the Benevolent Asylum. He lso held similar'positions on some of the large buildings in Bridge street. At th» time of hiB death ho was employed in the rection of a terrace of cottages at North Mtzroy, He was a most kind, genial, and warm-hearted man. and was for years a member of ihe Amalgamated Carpenters' ociety; also a member of Court Little ohn, Foresters, and a Freemason. He eaves n widow and four children, two sons nd two daughters (all grown np). Great ympathy is felt for tbe sorrowing widow nd family in their sad and sudden bereavement. Nominations for the vacancies in the oard of directors for the Ballarat Woollen ompany caused by thp retirement through ffluxion of time, of |fessrs Kerr, South, aiter and Vallanoo most be lodged with the cretaiy. at the company's office^ before rnday afternoon next at three o'clock. 'The CXty Council, in order to convenience leasnre eeekers at the lake, resolved to set P «» m Pon the esplanade, and gave the eqnuife instructions to. its -offioen some weeks agothat the lamp mightbe m position t holiday tunes.. Yesterday Cemuallor -engoirea why the Jamp was -not ttpT nd he was informed that the Gas Company nlsd to charge the council £22 10a for the oat of the pipee, and would not put np the ampuilea tbe council undertook &> that It appears that hitherto the company bas laid down pipes at its own expense, and the councillors considered the stipulation made by it in this matter nothing less than an attempt to impose upon the conpoil, the more particularly as the company is m receipt of £1500 to £2000 yearly from the council. The council resolved that if the company wonld not set np the lamp without unnecessary delay, to put it up itself, and use kerosene in lighting it. There was a good attendance of the stewards of the Corindhap and Rokewood Turf Clnb, at Stanbroofs hotel, on baturday evening last, to receive the report and balance - Bheet from the secretary, also auditors' report; Mr Thomas in the chair. After the usual routine business, the secretary banded in the report and balance-sheet, which showed the receipts to be £104 3s 4d, and the expenditure £83 3s 4d, leaving a balance of £21 to the credit of tbe club for next season. The auditors reported having examined the accounts, and fonnd them correct, and complimented the secretary upon the excellost style in which the accounts had been kept. The sum of £2 2s was voted to the widow of the late Mr W. Buhlert. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr J. Leemon for the nse of the paddock, also to several other gentlemen for their services, and to the retiring officers. The success of the club was then drunk in bumpers, and the meeting closed. The meeting of tbe Ballaratshire Council, which was to have been held yesterday, again lapsed for want of a quorum. The members present were the president, and Councillors Baird, Rennie, and Spiere. ' Gr Findlay arrived after the adjournment. A call of the council for next Monday will be made for the appointment of officers and other business. A correspondent writes :—" He press is always admitted to be a power for good in the community. A proof of its influence in a somewhatnewlight has been communicated to us. A correspondent of a certain daily paper waB waited upon on Sunday last by a deputation of young men, who asked his permission to go for a drive. Tbe ear next conscience had been rather deaf for some time, and they were not clear whether it was right or not, as somebody might call it a picnic. Quite a cloud was lifted off their countenances when the pressman permitted them to go, on their promising good behavior, and that they would take no grog." A meeting of the Haddon Mechanics' Institute was held on Saturday; Messrs Fox, Walker, Mlntyre, and the secretary (Mr G Goble) being present. The action of the sub-committee in purchasing the building, &c., of Mr.M'Vitty was confirmed, Messrs Fox and Fnlier were appointed td collect tbe subscriptions promised, which have not been paid. Mr. Goble informed the committee that he bad received forms frcm the Govern, ment to be filled with the names of contri. bntors and the amount given by each. It was decided that the committee meet at the purchased building this (Taesday) evening, arrange what alterations are required to onvert thersame into a suitable reading, room. Out of twelve candidates Bent up from renville College for matriculation, the folowing proved successful, viz.:—Alfred umsden, A. 3. Dunstan, Andrew Horan, ohn Harris,-Jessie Buley, Ernest Buley, nd Mary E. Jones. Of these, the two lastentioned passed in nine subjects each, and iss Jones with credit in French. Considerng the fact that only 33 per cent, of the ntire number of candidates have passed, hese results, being about 60 per cent., comare very favorably with the average perentage. The college may be congratulated pon its success. Our Maldon correspondent writes aBfoilows: At the police court on Friday Mr Nicholas, enior inspector of mines, sued the manager f the No. 1 Exhibition Company for acting n contravention of the mining regulations. . In not giving notice of an accident that ccurred to one Thos. Marks on 26th July ast. 2. In not having proper ladders in haft; also in'not having platforms at interals of 30 feet each. In the first case a fine f £2 was inflicted, with costs £5 11B; in econd case, fine £1, costs £1 14s. Marks, ho got concussion of the spine from the ccident, has issued a writ against the comany for £2000 damages. The dunes Council has* drawn the attenion of the City Council to the foot that on rains running between Ballarat and Maryorough no "ladies* compartment" is pro-tiq c ided, and it is urged that each a conenience Bhonld be afforded ladies who might e travelling on that line. . The City Council t uite agrees with tbe Clunes one on the bd ubject, and Major Smith was desired to see he Minister of Railways on this defect and et it remedied. r The mother of a small boy earned William d arkeg yesterday received a lecture from Ab he Town Police Court bench. The boy ppeared as prosecutor in an assault case c a r t o against another lad. Not long since he appeared in a similar capacity, and yesterday he was very outspoken before tbe court. The bench thonght the case was a very trivial one, and dismissed it. Then calling Mrs Parkea, Mr Long, J.P., advised her not to be bringing ber boy into court so often. The lad, Mr Long said, had faced the court with more brazenness than he would have himself. It was very painful to see parents allow their children to come before the court and get into the box, as it certainly did them the reverse- of good, Mrs Parkes replied rather smartly, and Baid she was not going to allow her boy to be half killed-by bigger lads. The bench warned h er to be more respectful before the court. A youth named Robert Greening, employed aa assistant at Mr Hamburger's pawnbroking establishment, was very highly complimented by Mr Long, J.P., yesterday, at the Town Police Court, for his prompt action, by which a silver watch and chain had been recovered, and the suspected thief arrested. It appeared that the youth noticing that the number of a watch presented was the eame aa that of one that had been stolen, ajt once procured - a policeman and had the woman who o&ered it given into custody. Sub-inspector Parkinson said that it was by no means the first time the same youth had acted so creditably. Mr Long then very warmly.complimented Greening on hiB conduct, and stated that it was a pity all in the same line did not so act, because without receivers there would be no thieves. There has been snch an alarming run of fires recently that considerable consternation waB caused in a well-known hostelry yesterday when the regular customers in the bar, the landlord, and the respective members of his family united in expressing the belief thit something was on fire, and that it Bmett iike softwood burning. They therefore searched tbe building from, floor to ceiling to find the cause of the scent; .the customers carrying pails of water in their left, and pint measures of swanx in their right, hands. Th-ir eearch was futile, though they even went .down into the cellar—where the backets were not emptied, and tbe pint pots were replenished. Th»y ware- just giving the -mystery ap as inexplicable, when one of the searohers aliased his sensitive nose to guide him, and made the reassuring discovery that the smell proceeded from a spittoon, the sawdust in which bad been fired by an ab&ndontd cigar. A heavy wet settled the bu-.ioesE of th« day, and the grateful customers passed out. A " Yankee " engine (No. 155) brake down badly on Sunday night, wh*n running betwean Horsham and Dimboola, the siderods breaking and twisting np like wire. The disabled engine was taken into Ararat yesterday morning, working down with one cylinder, and leaving loaded trucks waitina removal at the side stations. The locomotive was laid np at Araeat, and t-ie broken rods sent down to the workshops. Had the breakage occurred on the Beaufort inclines the consequences must have been serious, and the defect in the engine points very plainly to the necessity of thsre being mare brake power available on all engines of the claae. The following mines were inspected and reported npoa by Mr C. Stewart during the week ending the 12th January:—Creswick division—Dike's Freehold, L^ne Hand No I, Lone Hand No. 2, Ristori No. 1 Tribute, Boston No.-2; also, a number of Chinese co-operative claims near railway reaerve, Haddon. The candidates from the Ballarat College evening classes have again been very successful at the examinations of the Melbourne University, three gent np in December last passing both matriculation and civil service; wie, Williams, taking honor* in French. THB saeceesfol candidates were—Matthew WillSanis. Cfhas. E. Towl. and Samuel Trend. In anoBier column It is announced "mat tbe first term begins on the 28 th instant. « _„„ ... . -, a y < S™. a e«S was • wr^R w^wrthbeiflBlaanaanuikand disorderly in Main street, about tw„ ,, on Sunday morning. The bench ^ 0 C H cn the painful nature of the c " ^ inspector Parkinson stated t'- t ^ be heard of the matt»r T; x. > ^""'Ni hotel, Durham street, His mother court, and said that her eoo very quiet; respectable bey who annpa-.j behaved well, never took drint t J u , ledge, and had only bee,, out teethe past month or two, owinn tT op ' c { illnpRR illness. She CTiflniwrJ supposed L.I_ he had » betal".! . " ^ &SEV&w. 85^ by bad companions. The lad trit^ out, to appear next Monday J?f expected that more will be'knom'A'' u matter. s tte The weather yesterday morning, UW prevailing on Sunday, was verv hnt j* 1 pressive until midday, when theW c > wind was succeeded by a eenrlo t,™ n °tt south-west. Towards eS„T ! l , l a veered round to the south aad tt ^ atmosphere was a pleasant ch»D»» cw! Sandhurst on Snnday the thermr,™.. At tered 105 deg. in the sha^Th^' hottest day of the season. ^ A bush-fire was started on Mondav ~ ing near the Canico claim, on the r,„ , 3ra ' and Smythesdale road, aud, aided h 8 ® wind, the flames spread very fast direction of the holdings of mL ', te Knight, J. Wrigley, and ^srs fc J paddock. Mounted-constable OmcT 1 Mr Ffleiderer and others, went o^ managed by great exertions to Cet tlc under before it reached Pfleiderer'e D .ai i bnt Bome damage was done in WrioiM.'. ! Knight's paddocks. Mr Blaikie'ttUI teacher of the Canico State school Wf allowed most of the elder bovs to - 1 the beatbjg the fire out, and they good service as firemen. ™ It appears that several publicans in «,. city and town have not yet taken out tW licenses for the current year by pavniM^ the customary fees, and we ondeSund t5S two or three are about to be proceS against for Belling without a license. A pleasing event took place on Satnra.^ at the establishment of Messrs M"Gavin Anns fcinamitfiB Main -. ^ . - „ - - valuable handsome silver tea and coffee which was presented in the form of a vrrf ding gift, and by which it was also intend i. to convey to the recipient the good-iS existing in the minds of the donors toward bim. Toasts suitable to the occasion, the usual congratulations for the fntrm happiness .and prosperity of ths hsmr couple, were drunk. An able an<i aPnS priate response was made by Mr A. M'GITO who testined to the gratification he exper' enced in meeting with such kindnewiij trusted that his actions in the future winli aB in the past, so to maintain the good {eel ing exemplified on this occasion. The bride. Miss A. RichardB, was likewise the reelect of many handsome, ornamental, aud vahat& gifts, which testified to the esteem in whici she is held among a great circle of acqmiat ances. One came from Mr Fitzeerald, draper, Bridge street, consisting of a" silver butter-cooler of very pretty design. A number of tradespeople in the citv sill be proceeded against at the City Police Cart on Friday for having light weights in thei: possession. The yonng man - Maurice Abraham arrested here on Saturday on a charge cf assault and robbery at Melbourne on the Si instant, was brccght before Mr C-aiton, J.P., at the City Police Court yesteriiy, and remanded to Melbourne. A Bsncvo'ent Asylam inmate,, charged with druukamea, was discharged. A comparative statement of the imnorU and exports at this port last year has been prepared (says the Herald) by the Custom department The imports were £15,139 SI s against £15.443,709, for 1SS2. ard the exports £14,916.574, as against £14 376065 for the previous year. The returns froir the other porta generally show a decreate The Commissioner of Railways (says the ITor?<2) has caused notice to be served upon the lessee of tbe Geelong railway refreshment ooms, giving her one month's intimation cf he cancellation of her lease on the grounds f general complaints on the part of travellers. It baa been deemed necessary (says the World) to make a special investigation inb the cause of the delay in the completion of ertain departmental work recently enrusted to Mr A. T. Lewis, one of the nspectors of Education, and the officer ic uestion was considered to be in fault in he matter, and subjected to a fine of £>. esides being cautioned to exercise greater iligence in futnre. The Herald is* informed that tbe v-crhaim eport of Mr Service's speech at the mayor'! inner last week, which appeared in the rgus, has been forwarded to M. Jules Feny y tbe gentleman who is at present in the olonies on a confidential mission from the French Government. The Telegraph understands that the BIM of Lieutenant Waghora's sisters ha"« been brought under the notice of the Earl o! Bosebery during his visit here, and that te has promised to bring their claimB to relief and assistance under the notice of Mr GUA-8 tone. As acconnting (says the Telegraph) for the subsequent occupation of some of the Isrze number of candidates at our matriculatum examinations, we may mention tbe eropibjment of many as governesses and tcachere a this and the -neighboring colonies, the demand for the better class « whom, we understand,-generally exceeds the enppiy. We learn that Miss Mary Stevenson, recsstlr of the EUerslie Ladies' College, Staweli. and formerly one of Mr L Warren Ball's pupils, has been engaged as head governess of the Grafton Ladies'College. New South Wales, and will shortly leave Victoria for her new sphere of labor. Two deaths (sayB the Argus) have occurred in Adelaide from the extreme heat, one being that of a woman named Ann Frayne, who sustained sunstroke, and died after her removal to the hospital. The other case wu that of an infant, the cause cf death beus diarrhrea, accelerated by the heat. The funeral of the late Reuben Gill, at Adelaide, on Saturday, was largely attended (says the Argus) by the members of the temperance organisations. The deceased, though until some five years hack a working miner at Yorke's Peninsula, was a mm of much natural ability. He contributed to the Peninsula press, was a good speaker, and a great favorite with his audiences. Peter O'Dowd, an old identity for twentyfive years, and a great spokesman amongit tbe miners, was drowned (says the Age). <£ Saturday, at Newcastle, while bsthine in the Bea. He went out too far, but was brought ashore unconscious by some men. Dr Runs was sent for,. and the men tried to r-stort animation, but when the doctor arrived he found they had adopted the wrong method, and despite of the exertions of the medics' man O'Dowd expired. A telegram (says the Argus) from Thsre-imiodah, Queensland, reports that Mr J. K. O'Shanassy, sou of the late Sir Jihn O'Shanaasy, and owner of Mount Howitt station, started for the station on Sa'u-dsj". but died suddenly on Saturday, fifteen miles from Thugomindah. Sunday (says the Argus) was intensely hob in South Anetralia, tbe maximnm temperature reziatered at the Adelaide 0'"'" r «-tory being 162 3 deg. in tbe sun, and 110 deg. in the shade. The streets of the city were almost deserted. It was time the seamen had a rise of pav. The Argus says:—"There is a scarcity oi eeamen at Newcastle. It is almost impossible to get them to ship for London direct, even at £7 a month." At Hegarty's batbs, St. Kilda. on Saturday evening, a youth would .assurs.l'-y have lost his life had it not been (says tbe A rcifl for the prompt assistance rendered ty Edwin Pollard, employed at the baths, who, upon hearing that someone was drowning, jumped into the water without divrstiug himself of his clothes. Pollard diu not know the exact epot where the lad ttd sunk, as he waa some distance svsr when the alarm was given. However, he dived m search, succeeded in reaching the lad u> about 10 feet of water, and brought him to tbe platform. A doctor was immediately sent for, the lad being quite unconscious bnt fortunately bis services were not required, the attendants at the baths having J.3 - » . - i. CrfU praise is dap to Mr Poflard for tbe promgbtade he displayed. He has, we are >"' formed, been the meaoa of aaving muJ l ; ves. . _ - -- -. Ti e sorting-room at 4he fyansford pp® mills was destroyed by fire on Sunday alter -noon, abcrat half .past four o'clock. damage is put dowrTat £3000. and tbe can** toi^t^jecuacombustion ari*« Trtiin»lniiiijiwrtTii^ioflliijflij Cmd*** Godong firemen, W. Wilcox, had a narrow eEcspe (Eiys the Gtefong Advertiser) from being suffocated and burnt. In his efforts to extinguish the fire, he fell between a couple of bales of burning rags, tile emote from which to a great extent stupefied him, and he was only released from hia perilous position by the prompt aid of Lieutenant Keoa. Young Wilcox was severely burnt about the legs. Among" the arrivals by Vne steamer 0rkst, which reached the 'jsy on sUC(jay momiaS, w Mr R. T. Booth, the founder of the Blue Ribbon Army temperance movement in England. Mr Bajoth, whose object ia visiting the colonies, is to forward the csuse with which he is identified by every mans in his power,, -teas met {says the Age) on his arrival by Mr James Monro and other members of the "Victorian Alliance. Mr Booth will probably remain for some time in Melbourne. The wheat hoirvest (says the Argus) is completed in the Cootamundra. district, the result being veiy much below what -was anticipated early in the season. Hot winds and dry weather have seriously affected the yield. The death of Mr Witts, city surveyor, of Melbourne, as reported in yesterday's Courier, had a specially melancholy feature • connected with it. Atuost at the very hour <says the Argus) t'.e deceased gentleman passed iTOsy, bis wife gave birth to a child. Some of the French banks have (says the •Banting Record) tried female clerks for Spccial vrork. The Bank of Prance, in its department, and slso for coupons, &e., )us a'staff of 200 such. »nd has found that "for/tnistworthiaeas, tkiiful handling, and kapi&ity, they exsel lbs "superior" sex. The Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Goa.-$3F.y, employ young women to count tad •check the bus tickets, and the work is veil <ione. Eust (remarks the Telegraph] is salt": "io be "prevalent in some of the wheat er?-ps in the Warrnambool district. A few x>f iiiclatest crops, and therefore most likely to suffer, have been cut for hay. The Argus thus writes of tbe appointments to the Bail way and Public ."Service Boards:—"On Friday, in announcing the names of the gentlemen whom the Government were likely to appoint as commissioners under the Public Service Act and the Railways Management Act, we stated that the name of the third Tail way commissioner had not yet transpired. Mr Bichard Ford, the secretary of the Melbourne Harbor TVnsi^ who has juA returned from London, where he was present at the floating of the Trnst loan, was mentioned during last week by The BaBaral Courier as qualified for the post, and a strong favorite, and there is no one, we understand, who stands a better chance of being chosen. No communications have passed between the Government and Mr Ford, .who, if appointed, will obtain the position without baring sought it. Another capable man whose name has been nnder consideration is Mr Fthon (of William M*Culloch and Co. Limited). He is at present absent from Victoria on a visit to England. Mr Febon held for many years the post of general traffic manager on the Victorian Railways, but resigned to take a responsible position in the carrying company. These two names by no means exhaust the list of possible commissioners whose claims and qualifications have Been discussed by the Cabinet. Mr Ford's wishes have yet to be consulted, and he may prf-ferstaying with the Harbor Trust, whose establishment he has built np, and whose a flairs he is thoroughly familiar with We should not announce his name now had tbe views of the Cabinet not obtained publicity elsewhere To a certain extent the office may still be considered open." Why should (asks the Inturance and Hanking Record) it be a matter of congratulation that colonial 4 per cent. loans are floated at par, ' or nearly so, in the London market? The colonies, though not so big, are not below the United States in soundness. Yet in New Tort, on the 16tb November, U.S. Fours 1907 (both registered and coupon) were quoted at 122J- " bid," and 122g " asked;" and Bra&gbreet's is able to boast that "even British Consols sell relatively lower than our (U.S.) bonds." With such an example, eurely the colonial loans do not fare well. "Victorian fours, " 100 m dir." on 2nd January; U.S. fours, 122J on 16th November 1 The difference is too great. Even Belgian fours sell at 105. The Sydney correspondent of a contemporary says that 1 one of the largest 1 winnenron New Year's Day was an owner of racers, who succeeded in backing every winner, to the intense disgust of the bejewelled fraternity. He did more, for in "tho evening, being beguiled by them into a .gambling saloon, which everybody knows, and which tbe police seem to wink at, be won an additional £3000 from them at poker -and hazard. If he has not begun the year well, he has certainly started it profitably." "bliss S. Ssmsbnry has resumed her duties M -teacher of the pianoforte at 62 Doveton street south. TermB, one guinea per quarter. Mies Gatliff will resume lessons in drawing, painting, &c., at-4 Webster street, on the 22adocstant. For *fcbe two vacancies on the board of advice 9a r the north riding of "Boninyi ehire, aoaii natiooB triU be received by Hale, at tb.e ehire office. Mount Clear, np to four o'clock p.m. on the 21st instant. Mrs A. L Bobertacn will visit Ballarat on the 21st issti rat, to give lessons incrystoleum, china, terra « wtta, satin punting. Particulars can be obtained of Messn B. H. Sutton and Ci >., oppoeiie this offioe. The Yarrow "ee Lodge, 713, will meet in the Mssonic Tl, ill. Gamp etreet, tois-evening, at half-past sev» m. The anneal ex curaioB«f St. Peter's Sunday school, Stutt stn *t, wiE be held at -Queens cliff on tbe 28th c i next cconth. A special meett ug of the Bedan Cricket Club will be hell I at tse Miners' Suj^tort hotel, this evenings at eigtt o'clock, to^eal with business of imj 'Mirtanoc. MissGQ'.man, tea cher <rf music and«icginj, wiil resume teat ^hing «a Monday at 32 Keill street. Miss Bradshsw, dC Lasrmonth street Baninyocg. resumed i eschis£ the pianoforte and organ yesterdi w. What is termed a "great council of| war" will be held by ti^ie Salvstion Army I ti-morroTr, and Thursday, in the Alfred Hall under the auspices of Ma$sr Barker. The meetiegs will comma nee each day eleven, three, and half-pat. *t seven, ana on Thuredav evening there wilV be a mooster tea meeting commencing at ba&'-past five. The tickets for the spread vrill b>% adult* la fid, children under twelre Is. Mies Quinan, teacher of tfie pianoforte, will resume teaching next Atonday at iier residence, 15 Armstrong street «orlii. A special meeting of tbe Btllarat Quoit C^ab will be held at the Pavilion botel on Wedueeday evening, at eight <fclock. All memhera ?xc requested to attend. The half-yearly meeting of th? Order of St. Andrew is called for this evening. The aunual distribution of prizsa in con. •nection with the Ballarat East School of Dssigo will take place this evening at eight o clock. _ ^ tea and concert in connection with the txeelsior division of the Sons of Temperance will be held in the Creswick Town Hall this evening. Tile M. A. Mail says that file shock of , eirtr.qst'tte which was experienced in CastlemaiLe on Thursday night wasalso felt at the | ,a ®- t'fe in Maldon and Nevretead. ; v l ! le tnirty-second general meeting of the "-tional Insurance Company will be held in i me office, Melbourne, on the 5th of next c!evena l w^ii'/' n - Further particulars itr ' onE<J in our advertising columns, j We are requested to draw attention to an aovertiaemcut in our advertising columns, I int-irming the public that Messrs James King Company, have opened an office in] viieen etreet, Melbourne, and are prepared 10 execute, with the utmost despatch, any c-?® 15 , 3 ,'™ 8 ttat m V be entrusted to their c t;* - , »re informed that it is the intenfirm to » r undertake tile management ot mining and other companies, aid, Ijaping by the lengthened experience of Mr ^g.u one of the leading mining offices of 7 o i y. the firm should' have every jchanco 