OXLEY SHIRE COUNCIL. The monthly meeting of the above -body -was held -ta the Shire Hnll,<.Oxl-y, on -Saturday last. Present : The presi . dent '(Cr A. PI. Smith) -and Cr.= .Milne, -:Reid,:H. Jeffrey, R. Jeffrey, Sutton and Byrne. The minutes of the previous 'meeting were read and confirmed. "From the Asylum and School "for the Slim!,- -asking for a donation. — T-he'follow- Hng ehari table donations wore granted : — Yangeratta Hospital, £20;;Ovens- District iHoipital, £10.; Ovens Benevolent Asylum (for 1883 and 188ft), '£10.; Deaf and'Bu-mb Institution. £2 A; Asylum and School for the Blind, £2 iJs:; -Eye and Ear- Hospital, £2 2s. From R. H. 'Tilt, forwarding. eopv of r-rt-enayers' roll of the Wiengasetta divi- ssEo of the electoral district of Moira. — R&eoivod.; From the Central Board mf'Health, forwarding copies of the Heklth-Btatute. — It was reseiveti that a -copy of the statute be forwarded to the health officer for the -shire (Dr Macfarlane.) From the Yea Shire Council, seeking co operation' in urging i. upon the Minister of Railways that the same privileges be granted to travellers upon country lines of railways as at present- existed upon the suburban lines. . Cr SUTTON moved, and Or R. -JEF FREY seconded, that the council co operate -as requested, and ask the assistance .of the Parliamentary represen tatives of 'the district in the matter. — Carried. From 12 -ratepayers at Moyhu, stating that Mr Thomas King had applied for the water reserve, whiili they opposed. When it was first selected by Miss. iHoysted s .petition was saut to the .coun cil to reserve that p ortion of the water reserve, which .was granted. From six ratepayers at Moyhu, stating that -they hid .no objection to the land applied for by Mr King being granted -to tothim, as it was "absolutely useless as a watering reserve." Both petitions vvrere taken together. Cr BYRNE said that the i-reserve waej utterly useless ; -and while being of sol convenience te the public, it would! greatly inconvenience Mr King to have i to fence ic off'. The area of the reserve i was eight or ten acres. Cr SSJLTON. moved, and Cr R. JEF FREY seconded, thatiii.o action fce taken in the matter. Cr BYRNE moved, as an amendment, that the council offer no objection -to Mr King's application for the land. Cr MILNE said that he hardly Iknew .which way to uote. If tka.council retained the reserve, tkey did no harm ; but if they allowed it to he taken upc they might do harm. The amendment found no seconder, aad the motion was carried. ' From the Government statist, request ing returns of live ctock slaughtered.— To be attended to. From the Sheppirton Shire Council; asking what barrister the Oxley Council would like to see retained in the test case re old and new licenses. . Cr BYRNE moved, and the PRE SIDENT seconded, that the council would like to see Mr Hodges retained. — Carried. Front J. C. McCaul, Hurdle Creek, stating that, re the charge he would make for the new road through his property, the price per acre to the council would be £4, of coarse on the condition made pre viously, viz. — that he should be allowed 12s fid per chain to cover the cost of erect- a fence along each side of the new road through his property. He would, how ever, beg to submit two alternatives in the matter of securing a new road, either of which would save the expense of pur chase, except at a trifling figure. Tho first was that the council should endeavor to exchange roads — i.e., give him the old one for the new (which could be done). The second alternative was that .the coun cil should assist hint to purchase tho old road from Government, in which case they conld have the new road for the price he paid for the old. It seemed to him that either of the two last methods would meet the caBe ; but, at the same time, he should be only too glad to assist tho council in whichever way they thought fit to decide. Of course, the expenses of transfer, would be paid by the coun cil in any case. , Cr SUTFGN considered that a meeting of the ratepayers should be called to -doal with the matter. Cr MELNE asked whether Cr Sutton did'not consider the council competent to expend £8. 'He moved that Mr McGaul be written to, accepting his'offer, and that the proper steps be taken in regard to the road. Cr 71. JEFFREY seconded the motion. , Cc "SUTTON moved, as an amendment, thatthe matter be postponed for a month," to allow of;a public meeting of the rate payers being called. Cr R. JEFFREY seconded the amend ment. The amendment, on being put, was car ried, and it was -decided that a public meeting, to consider the question, be held at Whorouly on Thursday evening, 14th .inst. From J.J. Kennedy, asking that time 'be allowed him to finish his contract for 'fencing at the Whorouly Gap. — It was decided that Mr Kennedy bo allowed time to cwaiplete his contract. From Golmati and Rain, contractors, enclosing account for £5 9s fid. — Not en tertained. From the shire engineer, Beechworth, (Mr MdKenzie) certifying that he had inspected the cutting at Henley's Gap, executed by- John Rain. The width of the cuuiug varied from 18 to 20 feet, except for a small i portion, 40ft -in length, at the third chain'from the lower end of the cutt ing, wlhere the width varied from 17ft. 7in to IT-tt ;lOin. — Lt-fi in the bauds of ttie engineer:; Mr McLvei.zie'a certificate being co n si4l< ireiBval n oIckh , asxtw-is evident that he liiil-not'beeu shown the specifications - of cm t ract. From 'Win. Lewis, Moyhn, requesting! reduction of rates on his p-emis'-s, lie was not ustsg them as e. store and ipnblic . house, for -wuieh they were rated. — At the suggestion of the rate collector. thel amount of -rates charged was reduced -one- half, -'for- the present y6«r. ; Frorr, 8t>veral ratepayers at Greta, draw-! ing attention to the road between F. - Tanner's and J. Petty's properties, -which' required about six chains of formation and . a iculvert. Or R -'JEFFREY moved that the -en-, gineer inspect tbe place referred to, and' report at next meeting as to the cost of' the work and the feasibility of 'making. a: crossing over the Fifteen Mile Creek. 'Cr : BYRNE seconded the motion,;. which "was carried. From the ratepayers at Greta, petition- ing the-council to take some steps to pre- vent Daniel Kirby and Martin Maroney of Greta, from making a sheep-station of the swamp reserve at that place, by shepherding a mob of sheep there. Cr BYRNE moved, and Cr R. JEFFREY seconded, that the matter be; referred to the Crown lands bailiff, to take action upon. — Carried. . From '-David Fleming,- Boggy Creek,; stating, -with reference to his contract .at- Soggy Greek that ; was forfeited at the!; previous council meeting, there was some' additional, work consisting of 'about five! chains >-of formation fin, connection with; fche contract, which was let to him by Cr! Byrne. 'He had done that portion of it/ and -bad no time to -de the other portion! before the harvest. Iif satisfactory to the; council, lie would complete the oontract; by next-council meeting. Cr SUTTON moved, and the PRESI-' BENT 'seconded, that Cr Byrne make fresh arrangements for the completion of the -contract during the month. — Carried. From -M. Delany, 'Greta, asking for six weeks' extension of time, to enable hint to --complete his contract for bridge at John . McMuIlan's, Greta. He had the timber felled, and anoct of it -sawn. — The application was granted. From the -chief inspector of distillefies, asking if -John Bookless had paid his pubiicams> license fees. — Attended'te. From the same,, asking for return of licenses issued within the shire. — iTo be attended to as far as practicable. FromAVm. Dalton, 'Oxley, acknowledg ing receipt of £2 2s, fcr auditing commons accounts. — Received. The treasurer's reportrfor the month of January showed — Receipts, £75 ae; ex penditure, £153 fis 5d ; -dr. balance, £78 Is 5d. — Received. Cr H. JEFFREY moved, and Cr SUT TON seconded, that the 'council sever its connection with the Municipal Association of Victoria.— Carried. The engineer reported:: — I visited 'the roads in the -neighborhood of Merriang Gap, and you > will .find attached a specifi cation shewing the nature of the work most required. Mr O'Donnell has offered to complete the:same to the satisfaction cf . tthe engineer or.eny of the councillors, for ; ithe sum of £80. When up the Buffalo, 1 1 went round -John Smith's selection. I also called on him and told hEut that a road snusb be left, leading from the surveyed ! reed to the cutting on the bank of the! ri«er, as the only other way of Access to the Upper Buffailq from the Oxley Shire side could never be made a good road. James MeGrory has not thoroughly com pleted the portion cf his contract referred to at ilast meeting. He has been at the place', hut the waterhole at the old culvert at the did gravelled approach is from one to two feet off the straight line. I trust that the council will take some action in this matter, as I would not like to pas3 the final payment" without your advice. On the motion of Cr SUTTON, seconded by Cr MILNE, Mr O'Dannell's offer re .roads at Merriang Gap was accepted. Tlte engineer was instructed to see that a proper road was at onee left through Smith's selection. With reference to McGrory's contract,' Cr SUTTON moved, and Cr BYRNE se conded, that the contract be cancelled and all monies due thereon seconded- The motion was carried. Cr SUTTON then moved, and -Cr BYRNE seconded, that the engineer' be instructed to employ the day laborers- to finish the contract according to specifica tions, and to report at next meeting.— Carried. The PRESIDENT stated that he, had telegraphed for a copy of the act restrict ing the sale and use of wax matches, in force in South Australia. He considered it a most important matter, and that other shire eonncils should co-operate in secnring the introduction of a similar act in Victoria. There was no doubt that, on account of the present cheapness of wax matches,, persons using them were careless in regard to them, and dropped them on the roads and in the bush, and the result was that in the present dry weather they were trodden upon by horses and cattle, and many destructive bush-fires thus started. He mentioned several instances of fires having been caused in this manner, that had recently come under his notice. The use of safety matches, which could only be ignited upon the box, should be made compulsory during the summer months. After some conversation, it was resolved to leave over the further consideration of the matter until the president obtained a copy of the act referred to. ,Cr 11. JEFFREY asked if the council would, take steps to secure a quantity of phosphorised oats, . with a view to the .suppression off the rabbit nuisance. It was pointed put that the council were "not in a posiiion to carry out' the pro visions of the Rabbit Act. — = ; The PRESIDENT suggested that the work of attempting to suppress:the rabbit nuisance should be undertaken by private parties. He thought it scarcely necessary for the couocil to take any action. The matter was allowed to drop. The engineer was authorised to appoint an inspector of works to superintend the .work in connection with the culvert at Hedi, and any works connected with the contracts to be considered that day. The following accounts were passed for payment-. ; — Michael Bryan......... £10 0 0 Moyhu Common ...... 3 6 S O. W. Kennedy 4 0.0 C. W. Lloyd.. It 0 0 G. H. Brown 12 10 0 Hallkeeper 0 15 0 J. McCormack, junr. 1 0 0 W. Bickerton 2 7 9 J. It. Long 0 5 0 Arnall .ami Jackson .830 Government printer.. 12 0 Rahhitaccouiit(Milne) 16 6 M. Delaney 7 15 - 0 A. .VlcKeiisie ......... 7 3 0 Siniivon Bros 2 18 0 W. Gray 1 16 0 T. Thompson ........ 19 6 Jj-ih-irt 0 6 0 N. Brennau 10 0 The following tenders far works were accepted : —Cutting at Bonrke's, Hedi — Michael Hartley, £28 ; bridge over Hurdle Creek at Simpson's — Robert Montgomery,, £81 3s ; gravelling Hurdle 'Creek to Milawa road to the extent of £100 — Edmund Lodge, at the rate of 4s per cubic yard, and £13 5s lor other work ; fencing approach to Whorouly Bridge — Edmund Lodge, £9 ; formation and culvert at Whorouly — Edmund Lodge, £18 178 ; gravelling three-chain road east of \lilawa — J. J. Kennedy, to the ex tent of £9o'-9j 8d, at the rate of 2s lOd per cubic yard, and £4 10a 4d for other work; maintenance gravel, Greta to Wangar atta road — Edward Deschamp, £7 10s ; -drain at Smith's, Greta — Edward Deschamp, £5 2a; drain and crossing at Brett's, South Wangaratta — James Wil liams, £30 18s. Cr SUTTON moved, and Cr REID seconded, that in future any contractor removing the plans or specifications of any. work from the shise office on the day!! of meeting will ' be disqualified from' tendering on that day.'. — Carried. Cr SUTTON moved, and Cr H- JEFFREY seconded, that application be made for the excision of two acres of land from Mr MeCaul's selection, Whorouly, for road purposes, and -that the engineer prepare a tracing of the land required. — Carried. \- The council then adjourned. 