NEWS IN BRIEF. The High School re-opens on Friday next, at 9 a.m. Mr. Alan Bagot is still staying at Bottnest as the guest of His Excellency the Governor. A Commanding Officer's Parade of the Metropolitan Rifles will take place this evening, at eight o'clock. Mails for tbe Eastern Colonies, etc., for transmission to A-Hnny orerland, will be dosed on Saturday inoruiu^. If His Excellency the G -vernor sanction the proposal of F.ieut. -Colonel Angelo, the proposed Easter Encampment of the united Volunteer Force will be an unprecedented success. The prize-list of the Show in connection with the Horticultural Society of Western Australia, to be held at the Town ETsll on the 20th instant appears in our advertising columns. A somewhat amusing case of ' insulting behaviour!* will be heard at the City Police 'Court this morning ; tbe plaintiff bring ' Miss Allen,' while several young lads will occupy the unenviable position of defendants in the case. This morning Edward Jenkinson, charged with having murdered Mk-hael Hands at Wanneroo at the latter end of 1880, will be brought before the City Bench for the fifth time, when further evidence will be taken in the case. Yesterday morning' Mr. J. Coivau, J.P., presidedat the City Police Court in the absence of Mr- G. W. Leake, P.M., who was absent on duty at Gulldford. Only one case appeared on the charge-sheet, and that waa one of indecent behaviour. The culprit was sent to gaol for a week. The Orient Company's steamship Austral — the largest. merchant steamer that has ever passed through Port Phillip Heads — has been completely renovated in dock on the Clyde after her unf atunate foundering in Sydney harbor, and is now again oa her way to Australia. Among the names of the successful can didates at the last examination for admis sion to tbe Royal Academy^ Woolwich, appears . that of Mr. Hector Horatio Harvest— a younger son of C6L Harvest — who obtained 6,098 marks, taking highest lononxs and beatincp thirtv-eirfit others. We regret to state that Mr. B. Stein, the well-known bookseller and librarian of this City, net with a serious accident last Satur day.- While Mr. Stein was out driving the kxag-bolt of his trap suddenly gave way, and the result was that he received several severe wounds and contusions on his hands, wrists, face, and head. We are. glad tc be able to say that san dal wood is 'going np' in the China and Singapore markets, and also that it is 'coming down' from our country districts in large quantities. We hope that the supply will fail to satisfy the demand which has at last set in for our fragrant native timber, after a BOmewhat prolonged period of unusual depression. Her Majesty has approved of the services of Captain 6. Johm 8. George Ord, Royal Artillery — who acted as Private Secretary to his father, Sir Harry Ord, when he ad ministered the Government of this Colony — being placed at the disposal of the Colonial Office, with a view to his appoint ment as aide-de-camp to Sir John Hawley Glover, E.N., G .C.M.G. , the newly-appointed Governor of Newfoundland. Lately City allotments of land have been rather 'down' in the market, but we are glad to hear that they will soon rise in their money value in. the most buoyant manner. Several - 'foreign' speculators are now amongst us, all of whom are eager to secure City blocks. The result will be seen at the next land sale that may be held, when competition i& likely to be of the very keenest description. The following appears under the head of ' Fashionable Marriages' in a late issue of an English paper : — A marriage is arranged to take place in January between the Rev. Robert Linklater, MA., of the Winchester College Mission, Ijandport, and Miss Mary Catharine, eldest daughter of ? Colonel William Croesman, C.M.G., Boyal Engi neers, of Cheswich, Northumberland, commanding Boyal Engineers, Southern District' A London paper records that the Cornelia steamer, from Pamaron for Newcastle, which called at Dartmouth recently for coals, reports that in lat 40.16 N. long. 8.20 W. she picked. up a. balloon. In the car were found a watch and an altitude indicator, a purse containing 1709 reis in Portuguese coin — i.e. about; -JE3 . 8s. 6d. — a pair of trousers, a pair of spring-side boots, an anahor, two flags, a coloured sash, &c.; Some papers were, washed ont of the car while it was being taken on board. Fences broken down, tomb-stones over-; turned, and graves trampled upon and desecrated by straying cattle — such is the present condition x-f ' God's Acre' in the City of Perth. ' However, the Supervisor, taking action in the - matter^ has' caused sevend summonses to rbe issued against the offending owners of the destructive beasts. We hope that in each, .case a sufficient warning will be given for the future by the' $a&«iction of the alleged violators of the City byg-tows. , A somewhat eupioug accident occurred in Bannister-street, Fnemwtie, last Monday. A horse, attached to a tF*p, WM being driven down tbe street, when it suddenly commenced to kick in the most violent TOtLnnpr possible. At length the animal's off faiadioof became firmly fixed between the jcont springs and the body of the vehicle. tt*a# lot without greeit difficulty that the unfortpnate 4&g;&ttP;£d was ultimately re leased'rrom its extremely awkward position, when it was found Jfcifc-tbi? nn}ugky beast had sustained several ratter severe tojur. We 'have 'been requested to draw the attention of£be citizens and the inhabitants of the Port'to'thg fact that an immense variety of useful, ornamental, and valuable 'goods will be exhibited for sate at greatly reduced priced in the Oddfellows' HaJJ, Fremantle, on Wednesday next. Purchasers *w}B tave the satisfaction of knowing that tbe result of the bargains they may secure will assist towards the liquidation of the 3ebt which still rests upon the handsomest ecclesiastical -yftfl»y» in Western Austealid Of coarse we allude to S. John's Church) Fremantle. \- With reference to the somewhat, nnfor timat£}y, personal and angry controversy irj&jch; has recently occurred between our Beporter and fhql of pur Fremaotle daily contemporary, with r^t^ence to the conduct and behaviour of certain ftfficialp at a late execution, we are quite willing to leave the decision to the public. Even if we take Mr. T. G. Molloy's word as being of equal value with t&at; of our Reporter's, the published decision of theg? members of the Jury who were present emphatfcaQy decides the case in favour of our repregeotatiy*. That which is so much w&nted; jn the City will be opened this morning in the High-street of the Port — we mean a good frsite*er's shop. Mr. S. Buckley has secured a most eligible position in the main street of Fremantle, and will be in a position to supply all persons feeling tbe effect of the enervating heat of the season with the. choicest varities of every kind of fruit procurable at extremely moderate prices. vy e yish only that a similar establishment were started ;n Perth, for we feel sure that the enterprising ' promoter would reap a rich pecuniary narvgtf 'from such m ?peculation. To serve on a jury is a civic duty which no ratepayer is anxious to discharge, but that is no reason why tbe jury-list should not be properly compiled. From the list /or the present year are omitted a number of namg? of persons who are entered on the Electoral Ball as having two and even three votes, while upon 'it *PP£ars the name of more than one uncertificated insolvent, the qualification being stated us tbe possession of personal property to the value of £160 eterr ling. ]fc- doubt but that these gentlemen's creditors would fee only too glad to prove the veracity of the dBcj&J; statement, to the pecuniary advantage of their own pockets ; bn& the question remains to be answered^ audit is a somewhat serious cne, who is responsible for compiling such an inaccur ate, Receptive, and illegal jury-list? ft may be now too late to remedy what bas been done, but, as a matter of fact, the present list has been compiled uUra verti. We regret to say that Mr. Joseph Lock yer received severe injuries to his head and chest by a fall froui a horse yesterday after noon. He was exercising Dr. Scott's geld ing ' Squatter,' and when near the Cause way the animal became obstreperous and threw its rider violently to the ground. Relief Tas at hand ; Mr. Lockyer was re moved to his home in a partially unconcious state, and Dr. Scott was at once summoned to attend the sufferer. A mau l-earing the revered patronymic of ' Sha.teBpea.i-e' was fined on Monday 10s. for having abnsed p.c. Woods. However lie may cousolo himself that his -iis)in- i^uished namesake uot uulroquently ifot into trouble with the police of his day, a fact which is proved by his creation of the ever-living ' Dogberry' and ' Verges.' The numerous friends of Sir Frederick Weld will regret to learn that he has recently been suffering from a severe attack of fever. By the mail on Saturday we received advices to the effect that His Excellency's health had somewhat im proved, and that, adopting the opinion of his nittdical advisers, he had left Singapore in search of a change of air on a visit to the more genial climate of Penang. The following elections to Roads Boards are gazetted : — Williams District : Chair man, Mr. F. H. Piessc ; members, Messrs. S. E. Tribe, Jesse Martin, and Thos. J. Cornwall ; auditor, Mr. Rowland E. War burton. Sussex District: Chairman, Mr. Tbos. A. Thurkle ; members, Messrs. Thos. Dixon, Edwd. Brocknian, and Geo. Cross ; auditors, the Besident Magistrate and Mr. A. E. Pries. Short, but very bitter ! On Monday a man named Thomas Casely was arraigned before the City Police Magistrate, charged with having stolen a silver watch from one James Woods on the 27th August last. 'Do you plead 'guilty/ or 'not guilty ?'* inquired Mr. Leake. 'Guilty!' replied tie prisoner. ?' Three years* hard labor/' rejoined the P.M. Just as Casely was leav ing the dock he called out to bis wife, who was present, ' Goodbye !' and then quiet ly walked off to the cells. Publicans had better beware. Several men - were brought up at the City Police Court on Monday charged with being drunk on the previous Sunday. In each case Mr. Leake was careful to enquire, ' Where did you get the drink' P Evasive answers were given in each case, and the P.M., under standing ' the move,' dealt with them with proportionate severity. Still, some less reticent brother may be indicted next Mon day, when the publican will be the real sufferer. Surely the Town Hall clock ought to 'give time' to all the other horologies! instruments of the City, yet such is not the case. The clock in the City Police Court is one which is extremely erratic in its move ment, and is therefore very untrustworthy ; despite this, however, the Police Magistrate appears to rely upon it for ' legal time.' On Monday tbe result was that Mr. Leake opened bis Court at seven minutes to ten o'clock, greatly to tbe disgust of the repor ters and others who found themselves to be unwittingly nearly 'exactly ten minutes too late,' The district of Plantagenet seems to be fortunate in the acquisition of public re serves of land. A square block of ten acres, about eighteen miles from Albany, the centre of which to b - the crossing of Napier Creek, has been recently set aside for water ing purposes; as are. also six other blocks, each of 100 acres, situated, respectively, near Ifing Eiver Bridge, near Dunn's Location No. 130, at the Ealgan crossing, at Moingup . Spring at tbe Pass, on the road from Moingup Spring to Megitup, and at Kechup Spring. We are glad io be able to say that a decided improvement is at length dawning* upon thssandalwood -market in China and the Straits. Messrs. Jardine, Matheson.& Co. report that there is less depression, and thifc a lot of 3000 pieuls had been sold at 3 dolls. — 10 to 11 pieces to the picul ; larger wood — 7 to 8 pieces to the picul — was worth 3-10 dolls. No sales of importance had taken place during, the mouth at Singapore, but it was confidently expected that a good business would be done early in the present month, after the Chinese festivities. The quotation remained nnmippl at E dolls, per picul of ten logs. Our Port correspondent, telegraphing on Monday says : — ' The Planet has ar rived from North-west No general rains had fallen up to Jan. 9th, when vessel left Cossack. The country was . very dry. Light rains had fallen at the eastward. The ecboonet Dawn had done the best at shelling, having taken five tons. The Myra, owned by the McKays, had found a pearl for which £1000 had been refused. The Flowland [? Flowerdale], with 70 odd divers, bad taken one bagof shells only. The Planet called at Ash burton a fortnight since. She had fine weather up to yester day, when she encountered a heavy westerly gale. The people at Cossack were daily anticipating a willy- willy when the Planet left. . At the last meeting of the City Council a resolution was carried to the effect that all persons who failed to keep lights burn ing a&.njght to.indicate obstructions plaoed |n tbe streets, or on the footpaths, of the City should be prosecuted. This decision* bore fruit on -Monday when Mr. Grave and Mr, Kenwortby wer* proceeded against for such violations of *he City bye-laws. In each the defendants admitted the charge, ~'but . explained that the lamps must . have bees blown out. Mr. Leake said that it was undoubtedly very hard upon, them, -but -that he had pp. option but to Una each of them 5b., together with the costs of the {lase, The fines were of course paid ; -ut buftdera bad better be more careful- for tbe future, as a much heavier penalty can be inflicted for such breaches of the law, The unusually warm and sultry weather which, prevailed nearly throughout the past week culminated on Sunday in_the hottest day we have experienced during the present «amtner, the temperature of the atmosphere fc§ing intensified by bush- fires both in the rauge«'and o& tflfi intervening plains.. The ?wind, in tbe forenoon, -foljsw ?f^on} thfl soufh east; but later on it shifted to t£e 'west ward, and afterwards to tbe north-wett, which proved a welcome change to the almost insufferable heat of the early part of the d$y. At two p. m. the thermometer indicated 111 degg, jn the shade ; at eight p.m. the mercury had fallen to r5 d^ga — or 33 degs. in tbe six hours ! fUnoe then the weather has become rcuch cooler, with jfouth-westerly winds almost continous. By the jast pvajl frqni England the Perth Gas Company Feoeived aijotfcer communiAaf tion. from Mr. Bowes, to tbe effect that ev^fy effort is being made to complete the neces sary plant and apparatus tot tbe proposed gas-works for Perth. A large quantity of pipes and some of the machinery will be brought to Fremantle from New Zealand, to which an over-shipment was made on Mr. JJower'g auoount some short time ago. The order for ih$ balance of fclje pipes, etc., has, meanwhile, been placed in tbs ma.nu* facturer's hands ; so that, in all probability long before the close of the present year, the application of gas in Perth will be as mu0h within the reach of tbe public as it is in any other capital city in Australia. On Sunday a man a*n/ed James Croup* who was under sentence of eighteen pio^tn^ hard labor for larceny, died In the hospital of the Perth GaoL The remains of the unfortunate creature were buried next morning, and au inquest was held at 1030 a-tn., to enquire into the cause of death: The Jury, which was composed of Mr, John Arnold (Foreman), and Messrs. S. Hymus, and T. Hall, returned a verdict of ' Death from natural causes.' It is noteworthy that, just before he died, Croup told Mr. Woodrjridgs fhat he wag ypry grateful for nil the kindness thaf'haA hm-n shown him while he wag jJJ. This goes to prove that, in the treatment of tHfl prisoners in the Perth Gaol, strict justice is tempered with humane mercy. 