TOTOV TALK Cablegrams to : date refer to Spanish politics, the state of affairs in the Soudan, and a ^stocking disaster off the coast of America, by which 120.' persons were drowned. The most interesting item, how ever, to Australians, will be that regarding the Convention, which conveys the informa tion that the Times anticipates that the Imperial Government will : eventually undertake the maritime protection of New Guinea. - - The hon.- Graham Berry, who has been residing in Geelong for some weeks, left for Mclbonrne by the mid-day train on Satur day.-" ~ - ■■■> On Saturday night the hon. A. Deakin, Commissioner of Public Works, who has been on a tour of inspection in the Alary borough district with the hon.-J. F. Lovien, the Minister of Mines, passed through Geelong by the last train from Ballarat to Melbourne. The ministerial party was accompanied by Mr Fink, M.L.A., and General Howell and Mr Stephens, the two last being visitors to the colony from the United States. A hurried inspection of the Geelong railway station was made, General Howell being favorably impressed with the magnitude of the structure, and the fault he found with it was the absence of sufficient light in order to enable persons to get a clear view of obstacles on the platform, especially the barrows and trucks. We learn that Mr and Mrs W. J. Reid of Pine Villa, Pakington-street, Geelong West, will be passengers by the mail steamer Carthage, which is to leave Melbourne on the 31st inst. Mr Reid intends spending a few months in England and on the continent, and expects to return to GeeloDg in six months time. , Mr and Mrs Reid will be accompanied on their trip by Miss Reid, and one of their sons who has been recently in very delicate health. The appointment of "Dr. Fulton to bo principal medical officer to her Majesty's naval and military forces in, and for, Victoria was made, we have the best reason for believing, without any desire to overlook the legitimate claim of Dr. D. B. Reid to that position, and solely on account of local circumstances, Dr. Fulton being resident at the chief centre of the military system and Dr. Reid some miles distant from it, and in possession of a large and lucrative practice, .which he would certainly not relinquish. Dr. Reid is, himself, well satisfied with the second position assigned him by the Government, bnt the defence force itself would no doubt have been better., pleased' to have a surgeon, rather than a physician, at the head of the medical staff. Among the passengers by the Ravenna, one of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation company's steamers, which ar rived at Albany, W.A., on Friday morning, is Mr John Donaghy, the popular proprietor of the ropeworks in. Pakington-street, Geelong West. Mr Donaghy is returning to the colony after a rapid journey through the United States, England, and a large portion of the continent of Europe. As the question of providing locomotives running on the railway lines with spark catchers. is stiff under the notice- of the Commisioner of Railways, it may interest local residents to know that Constable White, of Geelong, has ventured to solve the difficulty of providing the engines with the necessary appliance. He has a scheme which, however, is only theory as yet, by which the steam from the locomotives may be utilised in destroying the sparks of fire before they are forced, out of the locomotive funnel. The subjecthas '-been brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Railways, who has been asked to afford Mr White an opportunity - of experimenting s under the superintendence of the engineers of the department. No , intimation has been re ceived by Mr White that any action is to be taken, but more, no doubt, will bo heard of the matter in a few days. A conple of laboring men, residents [of this town, participated in a sensational incident on Saturday afternoon. The weather at the time .was dreadfully hot, and one of the men had taken his coat off and carelessly thrown it over his shoulder. Prior to that he had been smoking,-and he placed his pipe in one of i the coat pockets, which contained a box of matcheB. When in Railway Terrace, a sudden sheet of flame * leaped upwards between the men, and the coat was instantly dropped on the pave ment. The garment was partially destroyed before the fire was extinguished. The fire had evidently been caused- by the tobacco ashes in the pipe coming in contact with the matches, thus setting the coat in a blaze. The heat throughout the whole of'Satur day was most intense. The atmosphere was very oppressive in: the evening, but towards midnight the whole town was enveloped in smoke from bushfires which were evidently burning in the forest. . Yesterday morning a light but steady rain fell for a couple of hours. The day proved fino and pleasant, and in the evening a cold westerly wind pre vailed. t Yesterday afternoon a respectably attired young woman,~ whilst : walking along the Yarra-street wharf was unfortunate in hav ing her nicely trimmed hat suddenly swept of her head by a. gust of wind. The hat dropped into tho'sea, but a seaman on board the Cerberus who noticed the action quickly slipped over the wharf, and at considerable inconvenience to -his personal: comfort re covered the article. The young woman was so violently thrown into a passion by the wetting of the hat and the rude laughing indulged in by some bystanders, that she indignantly grasped the head covering on it being presented to her, and again launched it into the deep and walked away.' At the Polico Court on Saturday, Ma* garet Dunlop, who was only dla-* charged from gaol that morning, was charged, with, having stolen a doorscraper, valued at 10a, the property of Mr J. H. Stau renghi, of Ryrie-street. The "prisoner pleaded not guilty. J. H. Staurenghi deposed that on or about the 5th October last he missed a scraper from his front door. Ehe scraper (produced) was the same, and he valued it at 10s or 12s. James Gosney, general dealer, of Mercer-street, deposed that on the 5th October last the prisoner went to his store and offered him the scraper (produced). She said she was leaving Geelong, and disposing of her property ; and as he had known her for years, and thought she was a respectable woman, he purchased the scraper from her, The prisoner, "who had nothing to say except that she would mend her trays if she were discharged, was sentenced to three months' imprisonments Messrs Few and Gibson, Js.P., attndeed at the Police Court on Satnrday morning, and dealt with two cases of drunkenness. One of the inebriates, Michael Clery was fined 5s, or, in default, 24 hours' imprison ment, and the other, a woman, was dis charged. An Inverleigh correspondent writes :— "The appointment of Mr Clarke, Teesdale. to the electoral registrarship of Pol warth and South Grenville has caused great dissatisfaction amongst the inhabi tants of Inverleigh, who object strongly to the removal of the office from the district. "A petition, signed by the residents of this township, has been sent to the Chief Secretary, praying that the appointment may be given to a resident in the district." The ironclad Cerberns proved a source of attraction yesterday to a very large number of persons. The boatmen plied a successful trade in the afternoon, all the yachts being well filled by persons anxious to obtain the opportunity of going on board the floating defence in the bay. Passengers were con veyed to and from the Cerberns for the moderate sum of one shilling, and the excellent patronage accorded to owners of boats appeared to give them every satisfac tion. It is not unlikely that the Cerberns will remain in the harbor for some weeks, ' so that residents in the inland towns may, if so desirous, make an inspection of the vessel. The two steam lannches belonging tD the Cerberns were brought fromJMel bonrne on Satnrday evening. The following are the names of the teams picked to represent the Geelong Volnnteer Fire Brigade at the demonstration competi tion to take place here in March next;— Hose reel for eight men: H. Lowday, hydrant; E. Gorman, conpler; H. Wil raot, first branch; C. Wilcox, second branch ; A. Collins, slack ; W. Ash more, and E. Weaver pole ; W. Scott, plug opener. Hose reel for six men; Fletcher, hydrant ; Dupe, conpler ; W. Wilcox, branch ; J. Dunn, slack ; Doyle, pole ; Cannell, pole and branch. Thirteen male prisoners were brought from Melbourne by the mid-day train on Satnrday, and taken to the Geelong GaoL During the week ended the 12th instant there were 192 births and 143 deaths regis, tered in Melbourne and the suburbs. Mr Win. Hy. Middleton has been ap pointed a trustee of the land temporarily reserved as a site for a Wesley an church at Connewarre in the room of Mr F. Challis MrKobert Sitlington, of Colac, has been appointed an officer for the purpose of cele brating marriages under the provisions oi the Marriage and Matrimonial Causes Sta tute 1S64. The Eev. F. P. Strickland condncted divine service at the Temperance Hall yes terday morning and evening. In the morning the following words, taken from the 26th chapter of Exodns, formed the text;— "Thon shalt place the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place." The meaning of the text was explained very comprehensively and clearly, and the preacher illustrated it frequently hy apposite anecdotes. The subject for the evening sermon was equally well chosen, and formed the theme of a very interesting discourse. The evening attendance showed a very considerable improvement npon that of the previous Sunday evening services. The hay in the Lara and little Biver district is now all stacked, and the opera tions of the harvesting season are fairly at an end. The country wears a bare and withered appearance, and the water-holes are all partially dried up. A good down poor of rain would prove very acceptable to farmers and stock- owners in the localities mentioned. Wo learn from a correspondent that the average yield of wheat in the Wimmera district this year has been about 15 bushels to the acre, and that in a few favored localities the magnificent yield of 45 bnshels to the aero has been obtained. Several applications have been made for the Exhibition Theatre for entertainments to be given by companies now on provincial tonrs, but they have been refnsed, owing to the theatre being closed, as preparations are being made for the production of the panto mime of Blue Beard. Mr H. Grist, the well-known Melbourne scenic artist, and bis assistants will come to Geelong to-day to commence painting the transformation scenery. The Ballarat Academy of Music bag been engaged by Mr J. S. Jackson, of this town, for the production of the pantomime of Blue Beard, for one week, commencing on the 22nd Eebruaiy. Mr Jackson visited Ballarat on Saturday last for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements, and although the building has been secured for only one week, Mr Jackson has the option of extending the season should the patronage by the public be such as to warrant it 1 _ The Ballarat licensed Victuallers1 Asso ciation have finally decided to hold a marine excursion on the 14th proximo to Sorrento. The steamer Lonsdale has been engaged. The Countess of Bosebery, who, as is well known, is a daughter of Baron Meyer dc Bothschild, previons to leaving Melbourne, forwarded to Mr E. L. Zox, M.L.A., a sum of £50 for distribution amongst the Jewish chanties in Melbourne. Mr Derham, M.L. A., announced at an adjommed meeting of the Sandridge council on Friday evening that the Executive Coun cil had agreed to alter the name of Sandridge to Port Melbourne, by which designation it will in future be known. At Taree, ^iew South Wales, a few days ago, Mrs Brown, of Forster, died of malig nant typhoid fever. There are now sixserious cases in the same house, and abont twelve in the neighborhood altogether. As a sign of the times, and as showing the amount of competition that prevails for auy position of note, we (Public Opinion) may state that for abont sixty appointments as receivers in bankruptcy in the various dis tricts of England there have been above 250,000 applications. The steamer Lismore was wrecked on Friday morning on the north of Ballina Heads, A.S.W., during a strong S.E. gale and heavy sea. The passengers are all safe. Her cargo is valued at £15,000. Only a few hundreds were covered by insurance. The 'SSS^mSkat £12'000' »d waa * At Grafton, Jfew South Wales, a sensa ^ a young man named William Bull, hairdresser for Mr J Lang, Grafton, shooting himself with a six barrelled revolver. He had finished shavinc a customer and went into his room, wher She report of a pistol was heard. Th« .customer rushed in Bull's room, and found the unfortunate youth lying dead, ahol through the breast. At the Bnninyong Police Court on Friday morning, Simon O'Neil, sergeant of police and Darnel Slater; mounted constable, sur rendered to their bail on a charge of inflict kg grievous bodily harm on Fatbasie M/Grath, on the morning of the 2nd inst After a sitting lasting from 10 a-m. to half -> P-m., both defendants were com milted for trial at the Ballarat Assizes oi the 18th prox. Bail was allowed and ob tained, each prisoner in his own recognisanc of £100, and two sureties of £50. MrBrodribb, the inspector-general, willholi a departmental enquiry to-day by the direo turn of the Minister of Education, into tb case of Mr T. A. Perrott, the State schoo teacher who was fined £3 3s recently at tb Canton Police Court for unduly punishin, Bobert John Fullarton, one of his Dnpils. A meeting of teachers who actively sympathis with Mr Perrott was held on Thursday evening, at which it was arranged that th 1x8 brought under the notic ot the Teachers Association, and through i under the notice of the profession generally The President of the United States an »e Cabinet held, on the 23rd and 24th nli protracted sittings to consider the relation »*ween Fr^ce and Chin*. Their delibera ^resulted in the drafting of full it ^tractions to the admiral commanding th ! American squadron in Chinese waters, indicating the conrse which he is to pursne or- the^ protection of American interests, if hostilities should ensue. These instructions were cabled to him by the Secretary of .* *. details of them have not trans piied. . wo°l clip of the present season has Tn-J0rw -ed *° Melbourne with snch celerity and in such quantities that the various warehouses have been filled to their utmost capacity, whilst the wool-pressing establishments have had a bnsy rime of it in eed. The nnmber of bales which came down by rail during the second six months ot the past year, and were delivered in Melbourne was 93,526, as against S4,702 delivered during the second half of ISS2, showing an increase of S,S24 bales. The revenue derived from the wool traffic of the £>""ha,f of.1SS2 wa3 £23,893 as against x-.o,99o received from July to December last, showing an increase of £3103. \- u*8 alleSed ^afc the cheap sponges sold m the streets are really old sponges, cleansed mfen chloride of lime. If this'be the fact, they must certainly be sources of danger by way of infection. We, however, doubt the met. There is always a large Quantity of sponge in the market which is too poor in quality to be sold at the shops, and it is hawked^about the streets and disposed of at low prices. It is meanwhile, of course, always possible that old sponges may be collected and cleansed, and the pnblic will do wisely to be on their guard against poor wares and peril at the same instant.— Lancet. Sawdust, after being saturated with a weak solution iof carbolic acid, can. be usefully employed for absorbing the discharge from wounds. The sawdust, which should be coarse, must be allowed to dry, and then should be enclosed in a bag made of several layers of ganze or very fine^ soft muslin. Pending the arrival of a medical man a pad of sawdust, carefully arranged to preventany of the grains working through to the injured part, may safely be applied over the dressing of a wound that has commenced to discharge, or if bleeding has recommenced from a cut, through the strapping, the pad of sawdust should be bound over the part requiring to be protected. The "diffusion pulp" from the beet sugar factories has been largely used on the conti nent as a food for cows. According to M. Andouard and Dezounay, it does not deserve its reputation as a milk producing food. Their experiments, however, were made with pulp which bad been preserved iu a sUo. Given to a cow in quantities of 601 bs and then 1201bs a day, there was an immediate augmentation of 32 per cent, in the yield of milk; the richness in casein and mineral salts did not appear to be affected, the proportion of butter was increased 12i and of sugar 23£ percent; but children refused the milk on account of its flavor, and the experimenters donbfc whether good flavored butter could be made from it. The police barracks on the Camp Hill, Sandhurst, appear to have been erected on a fever bed. Before the present barracks were built, the water closets and urinals were on the ate. Holes were dng in connection with the water closets, and when it was proposed to build the present barracks, the night sod that had accumulated for years was simply covered with earth, and the present barracks brnlt over it Constable Arundel, says the Independent, was taken from the barracks the other day to the hospital suffering from typhoid fever, and we are informed that three other policemen, who have been living in the barracks, are laid up with the same disease. The offensive matter alluded to is in all probability the cause of the prevalence of fever in the barracks. Dr. W. Barrett writes from Naples : The large dimensions which the Suez Canal traffic has attained strike an Aus tralian with astonishment. About 3500 steamers pass through the Canal yearly and the gross revenue of the Canal company is £2,000.000. Ship - owners complain greatly of the excessive tariff charged by the company, and of the rime taken by ships m passing through the Canal. Thus a ship of SOOO tons register takes two days to traverse a distance of 93 miles, and is charged from £1000 to £1600 for its passage The Canal being very narrow, ships are frequently stopped in order to allow others to pass, and even with these precan tions collisions are not uncommon. To remedy this state of things it is proposed to caoal to three times its present i Sf or to construct a new cana.1; /lh,e tatter is the better proposal, bnt vtould be the more expensive if carried into -f.cfc; ,, e second canal is made ships will be allowed to proceed in one direc tion only in each canal and traffic will thereby be expedited. Hitherto no traffic has been allowed to take place at night, bnt if the canal 13 lighted with the electric light this regulation will be abolished. The canal commission recently appointed is to settle These important questions. In a Birmingham newspaper some interest ing particulars are given respecting the art of street organ-grinding, by which it would seem that the occupation is a moat lucrative one. Some of the men and women earn as much as ten pounds a week ; and, while it is a frequent thing for the Husband to Co to Italy for ^holiday, they send their wives to the sea-side. There are many educated musicians who are glad enongh to secure the honorable position of church organist at a salary not the fifth of this sum. The temp tation to accept so small a salary is found in , opportunity of teaching music to the dwellers round about the church- but this genteel occupation smacks far more of drudgery than does the grinding of a street organ. A correspondent of the Times, in an inte resting article entitled " Science and Safety at Sea. calls attention to the dangers which exist in mid-ocean from the presence of icebergs, instancing as a case in point the collision of the steamship Arizona with an iceberg in the autumn of 1879. This fine ship was steaming along at 15 knots an hour when in the darkness of night she ploughed into an iceberg and was nearly lost The writer points out that science is able J.0 minimise these risks if not a t5em ^together. Both Langlev and Edison have devised heat-measurers so delicate that a change of temperature ouite ZTZVVte rfDary ^rmom^or the far more delicate tnermo-pile, is readily recorded. The wnter of the article snggeato that ocean-going steamers shonld utilise the principle of these inventions, so that bv proper apparatus placed at the ship's head any sudden reduction of temperature indi cting the near presence of a mass of ice shonld be made automatically to give a sonnd- warning, or in some other way to an uounce the coming danger. A young Jew of St. Petersburg, named Schisgal, has invented a watch that goes bv electricity Herr Chowlson, Professor of Physics at the University of St. Petersburg has written an article on the subject in the Aowosti, m which he says I„ ft! remarkable simplicity this invention canonlv be compared with the Jablochkoff system of electric lighting. The watches are without any springs, and consist solely of two wheels. Besides being true, they have the advantage of the second hand moving single momentary leaps, as is usuallv the case only m very costly watches, and "which is nWrv%;U T-lltllit-V for agronomical observations. Tnese watches can also set in motion a certain nnmber of watches of the same construction, so that they all keen Sth ,The invTtioa -3 me that watches can be nsed for the pur pose of telegraphy." After naming several other advantages. Professor Chowlson de scribes the invention as a wonder which will cause an entire revolntion in the manufac ture of watches Herr Schisgal is the son " ^itschew. Hnfjneat many attempts have at different ££.*2 . t0r ntiHse tbe snn'a "J'8 ^nofhf'r T'' <oanlal) fortheproduc Vh "1U the f°rm °f hot air' or may have m i succes3 experimenters is verv r-li. «,WI m warmer latitudes, it wool^ a" ^fna^;,rata8 this principle ^telike^hTt^rB^^Pr'offis^'rft Morse, of Salem, Massaehnsetts - a me=slr togivevmypro ESS ltet~2 in a frame. This frame against the budding which it is d "red^o warm; iu connection with it I carry the heated air to the interior of\he dwelling. A frame eight feet by three feet is found sufficient to warm comfortably a library twenty feet long, except on such day3 as the sun refuses to show hie face As a general result it is stated that the ap paratus will, under favorable circumstance secure a thermometric rise of thirty degrees dnring the four or five hours representing the most snnshiny portion of the day. A most interesting address was lately fsays Chambers' Journal) delivered by Sir James Paget to the members of tbe Working Mens College, London, the subject being Keoreation." The speaker dwelt upon the necessity of clioo»ing for the occupation of | our spare time some recreation which, al I though it might really involve harder phyei- | cal exertion than our ordinary work, repre sented a complete change. He could not imagine any more prudent recreation for workmen engaged in manual la bor than attendance at the college for the exercising of their minds. Of course the converse of this is equally true, and those who are engaged in brain-work find the best relief in manual labor during their play-hours. Speaking as a medical man, he said: "Ofall habitual unhappiness, short of the deepest suffering, which he Baw in his professional life, there was none comparable I to that suffered by the rich man retired I from business who had no recreation." Those j whose one end and aim in life seems to be that they may at all cost of present comfort accumulate sufficient money to enable them to retire from active work, would do well to ponder upon the experience thus re corded. "Yes, George, dear, I accept your prof fered love, and will be your wife," and a pair of . strong arms clasped her tightly, , lovingly. "You heard nothing, of course," she said, from under the lapel of his coat, "that father has failed2" "No, I hadn't heard that," said George, weakening his grip a little. " Yes," she continued, nestling moreclosely tohim, "hefailed lastweek, and" —" That puts a different phase upon matters entirely," said George, struggling to break loose, bnt the girl held him fast, and continued : " And settled with his creditors at two cents on the dollar, aud" "Nay, dearest," interrupted George, passionately, " do not speak of such sordid matters. Let us' think only of love and the happiness which the bright future has in store.'— But, gentle reader, let us leave them in their young love and perfect trust. The Argonaut (an American paper), writes:—" The Church of Rome in San Francisco has accumulated millions in value of real property. It draws largely from the State in aid of its numerous asylums, hospitals, and homes. It is a constant, clamorous mendicant, ever stretching forth its palm for alms, aud always appealing to the generous non-sectarian to give, give. If the Roman Catholic Church would give less money to laud investment and architecture, and more to its own poor % if it would give more attention to religion, and less to politics ; if Roman Irish would send less money to Ireland for purposes of agitation and malevolence towards .England, aud give to the San Francisco Catholic poor it would be more pleasing to God, and more agreeable to the ArgonautJ" * Business has already commenced earnest at the new grain wharf which has been erected on the north bank of the river Yarra near the gasworks. The lines of railway having been completed from Spencer street to the wharf, a . locomotive and several trucks have been placed thereon to convey grain from the station to the ships. On Friday no fewer -"than 2000 bags of wheat were conveyed to the wharf. We direct attention to the worthy efforts being made in the canse of temperance by the Good Templars through meetings held every alternate Monday evening in their lodge room at the Temperance HalL These gatherings are, as a rule, of a very interest ing character, and the attendance of the young cannot be too strongly encouraged. Messrs Geo. Hagne and Co. announce in our advertising columns: that the weekly station produce sales will be held on Wed nesday in future. Tenders are invited by the Railway De partment for the snpply of firewood at Lai Lai and Lethbridge. It is announced in our advertising columns that the snbscriptiou list for the testimonial to Mr George Forbes, who is abont leaving for Bega, N.S.W., will be closed at eight o*clock next Thursday evening. 