VICTORIAN MEMS. A Women's Suffrage Society has been established in Melbourne. Greymouth (N.Z ) coal is being largely used in Melbourne for gas-making purposes. A handbook of Victoria for distribution in Qreat Britain has been prepared by the Government Statist. Mr. Pollard, of the Juvenile Opera Troupe, has issued a writ against The Argus, claiming .£5000 damages, for alleged libeL The Pope has conferred the title of Knighk Commander of the Order of Pio Nono upon Mr. W. Ii. Atelier, of Melbourne. The jockey Burton, who was seriously injured while riding L°8bia in the Richmond Handicipat the V.A.T.C. meeting at Caulfield, is improving. Mr. Service thinks it might be desirable to appoint a Royal Commission to ascertain the best means of rendering the Murray permanently navigable. For the week ending 16th ult., the gold received at the Royal Mint, Melbourne, was 2817'84oz. The value of gold coin and bullion issued was £110,056 10s. A verdict of wilful murder has been returned against the girl Rosanna Plummcr, for the murder of her child at the Spencer-street, railway station, Melbourne. A conference on the rabbit question, to be composed of the rabbit inspectors and the delegates from the agricultural societies of the colonies, is to be held in Victoria. Potatoes are now worth up to 25s. per ton iu Warrnambool, while a still higher price is obtainable for pink eyes for seed purposes. At Belfast 40a. per ton has been given. Mr. J. P. Caulfield, "the boy politician/' has been sentenced to three months' inprisonraent for fraudulent insolvency. He was bailed out on notice of appeal being given. The Ballarat Star has been purchased by Mr. Powell (the Star manager), and Mr.Hoare (or the Gcelong Times). The latter gentleman will take the sditorial control of the paper. A movement is on foot to reorganise the Caledonian Society in Melbourne. Messrs. Service, M'Baiu, James Munro, and other prominent gentlemen have joined the movement. Mr. Duustan, overseer at the Pentridge Stockade, killed an enormous rat caught in a trap in his yard a few nights ago. It measured 18 in. from the tip of the nose to the extremity of the tail. A conference of delegates from the angling clubs in the colony will take place in Melbourne on August 6. The object is to consider the best means ^of acclimatising and protecting fish. A declaratory resolution in favtr of an amalgamation of the two branches of the legal profession in Victoria was carried without debate in the Assembly, on the motion of Sir Charles M'Mahon. The Chief Commissioftir of Polite has issued 500 calico placards -showing the means ot recovering persons partially frozen. This has been done for the information of dwellers in the Alpine regions. The cabmen of Ballarat possess among their ranks the tallest and heaviest man engaged in that occupation in the colouy. The individual relerred to is about 6ft. 4in. in height and weighs about 17 stone. We learn that if the higher tribunals in the colony sustain the magistrates in their decisions against Salvationists marching in procession in the street, the Salvation Army will appeal to the Privy Council at home. General M'lver has denied the Hon. James Serviced version of their interview, and charges him with a gross broach of etiquette in communicating lo the press the results of what the general considers a private interview. A French steamer having on board G4 female prisoners for New Caledonia arrived at Melbourne last week. They are intended as wives for the male prisoners who have completed the first portion of their term of imprisonment. Splendid wash, one foot thick, running 17dwts. to the load, has been struck at the Great Western, neat Stawell, at a depth of 60ft- A rush has set in, and there are already 30a men on the ground pegging out claims and sinking. The«eare53,367 merabersof friendly societies in Victoria, aud according to the latest published statistics the amount received from them in one yenr was ucaniy £200,000. A request they have ma3e ior a second actuary is to be considered. The South Australian and Victorian syndicates which had interests at Silverton have received £40,000 cash for their interests, aud any quantity of paid-up shares which are now taken over by the Barrier Ranges Silver Mining Associations. Evidence given before the Lunacy Commissioner showed that the employes in. the Lunacy Department are in the habit of quarrelling, mid that the usual periodical inspection of the provincial asylums has not been made, as required by the Act It had been intended that the new Governor should be met at Hobart by a man-of-war from the Australian naval station, but this plan ban been reudered impracticable by the fact ibat Commodore Erskine will be unable to spare one of the vessels for that purpose. It was elicited the other day that his Honor Judge Cope bad been upset no fewer than 77 times out of buggies, &c.; It is not every judge that can say "he hat been more often upset than 1 his decisions, but we think that Judge Cope can fairly lay claim to this honour ! On the 19th ult., in the Supreme Court, Melbourne, Professor Allen told Dr. M'Dermott he had had eleven years experience of the dissecting room, and performed no fewer than 2000 post-mortem, examinations. The professor has certainly well earned his way to fame. The imported greyhound puppy Lady Hampden, for whom Corrigan, the steeplechase jockey, refused £150 a few weeks ago, was either accidentally or maliciously poisoned at Essendon last wrek. Thin is the second A writer in a London paper nays :—" I continually see in the newspapers allusions to the excellence of Australian mutton. It is cheap, and it is four years old. But where is it to be bought 1 Is it all absorbed by the West End bulcbers and sold as English mutton at Eug- Jish prices ?" We learn that the expose made with respect to the low tone of the police force, and the necessity wbicb exists for raising it, have produced good results, and that more than one member ol Parliament will have something to say on the subject when the Estimates for the deparimeut are brought in. A report has reached the Department of Mines from Beechworih to the effect that the Try Again Company, Eldorado, have struck a 'fine prospect of gold in the new shaft of the old Kneebonis Company's ground. This is regarded as highly encouraging, and there is a probability of a raining revival at Eldorado. The works committee of the National Agricultural Society have let additional contracts for work at the new grounds at Flemington, and it is expected that the whole of the improvements, which will involve an expends ture of some thousands of pounds, will be carried out in time lor the Australian Exhibition. A mob of about 700 cattle in first-class condition passed Ballarat last week, cn route to Mr. Ji'hn Thomson's Keilum^ete station, Kerang, from the Snowy Mountain?, New South Wales (says the Ballarat Courier). They were inspected by Mr. B. Hepburn, and that gentleman speaks in high terms of the drovers who were in charge. On Saturday night the wife of a miner in Waodiligong, after having eaten some tinned fresh herrings, wss seized with an alarming attack of convulsions. Since that lime she. has been in a dangerous state, having suffered from frequent and violent attacks. The doctor says that the herrings caused the attack. A similar case occured in Bright lately. The Chinese are said to have a curious way of determining the future occupation of a male infant. On the first birthday he is seated in a large sieve, with money-scales, a loot-measure, a pair of shear*, a brass mirror, a pencil, ink, and books, an abacus, and similar articles ranged in a eirele round him. The article which he handles first is a snte indicator of the direction in which his future activities lie. The report of the board of inquiry into the circumstances connected with the disappearance of a packet of £246 worth of notes from the General Post Office, in which, the name of W. Mason, post office official, was mixed up, has been dealt with by the Postmaster-General, who has decided that Mason shall be dismissed, on the grounds that be has been guilty of conduct rendering him unfit to remain in the public service. It was floated at the meeting of the shareholders of the Port Phillip Steamship and Hotel Company that the company owed the bank many thousands of pounds, and that there had been a great deal of ill-luck attending the ventures of the company, especially with the hotels, and it warouggested that they should be sold to reduce the overdraft. At the request of the directors, a committee from the shareholders was appointed to conier with them on the company's affairs. The Rev. Charles Strong (writes a London correspondent on May 23) has been lecturing in Ayrshire. His subject was "To Melbourne and Back in Half an Hour." He may possibly amplify his lecture for publication in a magazine form. He is still resident in Helensburgh, aud is not anxious to accept a charge at all hastily. He has been urged to beccme the successor of the late Dr. Service of Hyndlands Church, Glasgow, but has not yet yielded to the pressure brought to bear upon him. The postal authorities have decided to abolish the present practice of giving receipts for Victorian and intercolonial messages when delivered. If the sender of a message desires a receipt showing that it has been delivered, he can, upon payment of sixpence, obtain a reply from the receiver of the telegram stating at what time the message was delivered ; or on payment of an extra penny, the department will forward a post card to the sender ol the message to show that the telegram has reached it3 destination. On the receipt of Lord Derby's last despatch, in which he iutiinated that any colony might give a guarantee for the payment of £15,000 a year towards the expenses of a High Commissioner for New Guinea, Mr. Service communicated with the Premiers of the other colouies inquiring what their views were on the subject. Up to the present he has received tour replies, all ot which are to the effect that the Governments from which they come will gladly ehare the expense to which Lord Derby referred. Au eminent transatlantic actress gave lately in Melbourne a new version ot an old Btory. An American citizen having exceeded the bounds of temperance (which means that he was dead drunk) was by his companions, by way of joke, pat into an open coffin, and placed in a compartment of the catacombs. By the dim light, when he awoke and sat up, he saw skulls and bones lying around. Taking it for the general resurrection, his national, pride swelled his breast and he soliloquised aloud, " Bully for the United States! First up." Mr. A. W. E. Stiffe, manager for Messrs. Phillips and Co., Melbourne, committed suicide a few days since by shooting himself with a ravolver. He was a son of the late Mr. S. B. Stiffe, of the firm of Moorhouse and Stiffe, solicitor?, &c.;, Christ church, New Zealand, and distinguished himself at Chriat'sCollegejCanterbury, New Zealand, by proving the beet bs>y of his year in every brauch of study. . He held a responsible position in a leading firm in Chri&tcburch; for several years. He was a leader among the Freethinkers in that city. The Agricultural Department last year initiated a system of supplying trees for planting to the various State-Schools that required them, and with great success; but this year the applications tor plants are so numerous that the department has considerable difficulty in meeting the demand. One haad teacher has written to say that the trees supplied by the department aud planted by his boys last year are now three and four feet high, and looking very healthy. The department will continue lo supply trees to those schools desiring them. The police have received information that the headless skeleton ol a man, who WAS probably a miner returning from CobuDgra, has been seen in a gully near that place. The first discoverers state that the small bones of the feet had been burned off, probably by a bushfire, and as they had not time to bring the remainder they abstracted the thigh and aTmbone of the unfortunate as trophies of their find, and proceeded on their way. A police patrol has since been sent out to search for the remains, but the country around Cobungra is now entirely under snow. The complimentary banquet given by a number of Australian colonics to the new Governor of Victoria (writes a London correspondent) was, perhaps, the most brilliant colonial gathering of the kind ever held in London. The idea originated with Mr. Simon Fraseraud Mr. William Wilson, aud it is to their unceasing exertions, aided by the kit d co- operation of the officials of the Royal Colonial Institute, and of a committee of energetic colonists who met almost daily at the office ot the agent-general for Victoria, that so successful and gsati lying a result was achieved. At the half-yearly meeting of the Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society, the chairman stated that the new business for ihc half-year was in excess of the previous fin 1— year by over £100,000. It was annnurifted that the directors had acquired a freehold site iu Queen-street, Melooume, upon which, temporary offices would i'e erected for u?e during the rebuilding, on a greatly enlarged sc>ile, of the present bead-office at tho corner of Collins and William streets, which is found too small and cratjjped for the large and growing business of the society. Tbe directors bad a leasehold site under offer, but iound ihit ccmotny would be most surely cousult'd by erecting a building oti their own land anl inr their own perpetual benefit, rather than on the land aud for the eventual advance of other people. curious instance of the dread felt by the Chinese of death occured a few days ago. A Chinaman named Ah Chein was working by himself in a hole at Back Creek, near Pan ton Hill, about twenty-four miles from Melbourne, when in following the qold too far underneath a bank about a ton and a halt of loose dirt fell upon him and broke his neck. This took place on Saturday afternoon, but though several of his countryman were aware of the mishap, they would not make am* effort to obtain the bodv, which tbey foan d lo touch. It was not until tbe following dav, Sunday, that tbey informed a European farmer named Cottle, who with bis sou proceeded to the spot and dug out the body. Without waiting for tbe magisterial inquiry, the local constable 6old tbe effects of the deceased by auction, but the superstition of the Chinese prevented their pui chasing any of these, not even the gold he had won, and "the stock-in-trade of the unfortunate " batter" was therefore sacrificed for a trifling sum. 