COLONIAL TELEGBAMS. VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent. 1 Melbourne. January 18 A serious accident, which will pro bably terminate fatally, occurred at the DowliDg Forest Estate mine, Cres wick, to-day. Two men, W. Jones and W. Jftjce, were down the shaft guiding the end of a 12-inch column over towards the plunger workings, on whish it was intended to place a column, when the pipe above the surface suddenly snapped, and 220 feet of the column fell, knocking down Jayne, and after carrying him down the shaft for a consider able distance it crushed him against the side slabs. When extricated it was found that the poor man had sustained serious .injuries, his ribs being broken, and also Mb back injured, and very faint hopes are entertained of his recovery. Jones escaped with slight injury to the foot. The Countess of Bosebery, prior to her de parture from Melbourne, forwarded to Mr. Zox, M.L.A., £50 for distribution amongst the Jewish charities of Melbourne. The comet Pons was visible to the naked eye at half -past 9 to-night. At a meeting of the Executive Council held yesterday the name of Sandridgc was changed to that of Port Melbourne. The rapidity with which this seascn'a wool clip has been transferred from the country districts to Melbourne has been so grea j that the whole of the steam and hydraulic wool pressing establishments in Melbourne have been unable to keep pace with the demand. All the wool stores and sheds are era named. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company were forced to store wool in their new premises before they were com pleted. During the last six months of 1883 y3,526 bales were received at the Spencer street sheds, as against 84,702 bales for the corresponding period of 1882. Tne revenue derived by the railway department was £?G,&6; £3,103 more than for the corres ponding period of 1882. The Buninyong bench to-day com Bitted Sergeant O'Neill and Mounted-constable Slater, of the Ballarat police, for trial on a charge of unlawfully assaulting and inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Nathaniel McGrath on New Year's night. Mr. John Wisker, the celebrated chess player, died to-day rather suddenly. Yester day week he was in his usual health, and plajed nine simultaneous games at a meeting of the Melbourne Chess Club. Melbourne, January 20. A tailor named Charles Rice, residing in a lane off Chapel-street, Prahran, committed a murderous assault on his wife and daughter on Saturday night. He attacked his wife with a large piece of quartering, striking her on the head and rendering her insensible. On his daughter interfering to save her mother, he knocked her down with the quartering, and then struck both of them several times with the same weapon. The two women were taken to the hospital, where they lie in a very precarious condition. The prisoner was bound over only the other day to keep the peace towards his wife, whom he was in the habit of assaulting. He has been arrested. The Premier has received a cablegram from the Agent- General to the effect that the pro jected expedition to New Guinea under the command of Captain Kennerley is being carefully watched. It is.expected that it will collapse. Yesterday was an insufferably hot and scorching day. A north wind was blowing all the day. To-day, however, the weather charged. Rain fell and cooled the at mosphere very much. The police authorities have found the assis tance of black trackers in tracing criminals so effective that they have determined to send to Queensland for three more, whojwill be located in the neighborhood of Melbourne. Charles Henry Lewis has given himself up to the police to answer a charge of conspiring to defraud Mr. Roy, furniture dealer, of Prahxan, of £260, by means of swindling at cards. Samuel Kershaw, supposed to be a wool sorter, has been found dead in his bed in the Coffee Tavern. The sum of £75 was found on him, as also were some labels marked ' poison,' which lead to the belief that he committed suicide. Two ladu named Fletcher, sons of a resident of Ararat, were fishing in the municipal dmn yesterday, when one of them fell in. The other, aged 0, in trying to save his brother was drowned ; but the boy who fell in first was rescued by a lad named Foster. James Kelly, a farm laborer, at Yackaa dandafa, got his arm caught in the rollers of a threshing machine yesterday, and the limb was fearfully mutilated before it could be extricated. It is feared that the arm will have to be amputated. The body of a lad named John Daniels, the son of a fisherman at Mordialloc, was fouad in the Mordialloc Creek yesterday. When difcowred the body was warm, but all attempts to restore life proved unsuccessful. It is believed that deceased slipped into the water while placing. Tbe cricket match for the McLein Chal k-ppe Cup between the East Melbourne and Bicbironi* Clubs was continued on Saturday. Thp Cast Melbourne concluded their second innirgs for 203, and when the stumpj were drawn for the day the ^Richmond's ia their second inniuge had made 15G with tho I033 of three wicket?. This leaves them ilo to win with seven wi- kets to go down. In the match between the Melbourne Cricket Club and the Hothams, which was commenced on the 12th instant, the Mel bourses continued their innings yesterday, acd made C35 for the loss of eight wickets. D. Biuce 'played a splendid innings for 323 not out, the highest individual score yet made in the colonies. Tbirtccrj picers, employed oa the Working Miners' claim at Homebusfa, Maryborough, bad b narrow escape yesterday. While they were working in a drive a burst of water and tand took place midway between the entrance to tbe drive and ihe end where tbe men were, imprisoning thsm completely. Tne pumps were kept going, and a rescuing pirty set to woik with such vigor that in a few hours the imprisoned men were set free none the worse for thrir misadventure. Mrs. Rice, who was so brutally assaulted by ber husband on Saturday, died to-night. Wfatn t&ktn; to the hospital it was found I bat she was suffering from a terrible fracture of the skull. She remained an coBtcicus till 5 o'clock this evening, when she :.'?' : ?' ' ??? \Z yJ ^ *? V -^ ^ r^'^t «xp5iar Deceased's daughter has received 4tS&l; scalp wounds, and is in » critical condition. It is believed that tbe cause of Rice's conduct was that he thought hit wife was going to the police to swear an informa tion against him fcr omelty. Melbourne, 'January 2L. At the Footscray Police Court. two young men, H. J. Elvin and T. Mills, were charged with criminally assaulting a widow named Maria Forbes, atFootacray.on Saturday. The oompkinant* who was in ? very weak state, deposed that the two priaonen, in compMijr with three other men whom ahe did not know, committed a criminal assault on her, preventing her from screaming by holding their bands over her mouth. On the appli cation of the police a remand was granted. The medical man who examined Mrs. Forbes found that she had been most brutally treated, and that an offence had been com mitted. . Chas. Rice, the tailor, of Prahran, who murdered his wife and brutally assaulted bis daughter, appeared at the local court to-day, and was remanded pending an inquest on the unfortunate woman's remains, which takes place to-morrow. Elizabeth Rice, the daughter of the murdered woman and murderer, is pro gressing favorably, and is now oat of danger. An inquest was held on the body of Samuel Kersbaw, woolsorter, who was found, dead in bed at the Coffee Palace, Flinders-street, on Friday. The jury found that the deceased committed suicide by poisoning himself. The evidence showed that Kershaw was a sober man, but eccentric A man named Franklin was burned to death on Saturday night at Ingle wood. The deceased and his wife, who resided in a tent near the Botanic Gardens, got drunk, went to bed without undressing, and by some means set fire to the tent. The woman managed to escape, but received fearful burns. The body of her husband was found amongst the remains of the tent charred and unrecog nisable. The woman lies in a very critical condition. After a long spell of fine weather rain has come at hut. It commenced to fall heavily at midnight on Sunday, and continued ia cessantly till late this afternoon. Neira from the country shows that the r&iu; has been pretty general, aud those districts which have been suffering from bushfires have greatly benefited by the downpour, while the injury to the crops has been bat slight.' On Saturday a most disastrous bashfire occurred in the Barfold and Langlcy dis tricts, between Kyneton and Heathcote. The fire broke out in a stubble field on Sir W. F. Mitchell's Barfold estate, and spread with great rapidity, extending three miles along the estate, destroying all the crops on the land between the Heathcote-road and the river Campaspe. It then took' the grounds of Kennedy & McKaigbt, of Langley, whose crop it also destroyed. The Langley post-office narrowly escaped destruc tion. A great quantity of fencing was also consumed. The fire burned till Sunday night, when rain commenced and extinguished it. Sir William Mitchell's loss in crops alone is estimated at £12,000, and other property* owners and farmers have suffered similarly, but none so heavily. The crops destroyed were all cut, but had not been removed from the fields. The loss is not covered by in surance. At a meeting of the members of the Vic torian Yinegrowers' Association held to-day, a letter was read from Mr. J. C. Robinson, of PrahraD, stating that in his opinion there were signs of phylloxera in his vines at Prahran, and requesting the association to investigate the matter. It was decided that the president8hsuld visit Mr. Robinson's vineyard to see whether the vines were really affected. A meeting of the committee of the interco lonial wine and native product exhibition was afterwards held, at which a progress report was submitted, stating that satisfac tory promises of support had been received from the agricultural and pastoral societies in New South Wales, South Australia, and New Zealand. A public welcome was tendered to-night in the Town Hall to Mr. Booth, the founder of the Blue Ribbon movement in England, by the various temperance societies in Mel bourne. The Hon. James Munro occupied the chair, and on the platform were clergy men representing every Protestant denomina tion in Victoria. Mr. Booth made a long address, in the course of which he said he would commence a mission in Tasmania, after which he would visit Victoria and the other colonies in rotation. The private sittings of the Wesleyan Con ference were brought to a conclusion to-day, previous to which the Rev. Mr. Youngman was appointed as Chinese missionary for the whole of Australia. The firat session of the mixed Conference commenced to night, and was open to the public. The Rev. Henry Bath, the newly-elected president, delivered a brief introductory address. Melbourne, January 22. The City Bench was occupied the whole day in hearing a charge against Thomas William Gibbs and John Robins, trading as brokers and commission agents under. the title of Gibbs & Robins, of larceny as bailees of £25, the property of Robert Tute. The case! or the prosecution was that the accused in their capacity as brokers were retained by a Mr. Kewbery to float a company, called the Mitta Gibbs Gold Mining Company at Dirk River. Tate, the informant, gave Gibba and Robins a promissory note for £25 for a promoter's share, which they fraudulently negotiated and converted to their own use. The accused were committed for trial, bail being allowed in one surety each of £100, and them selves in £200 each. As bail was not forth coming the prisoners were sent to gaol. At a meeting of the National Agricultural Society to-day, it was decided that the society would be responsible for £80 towards carry ing ont the proposed intercolonial exhibition of wine and native products, to be held in the Exhibition Building in March. The Secretary of Mines has received a tele gram from Senior Mining-inspector Nicholas, relative to an accident at the Working Miner's chum, Homebush, when thirteen men were imprisoned. He states that No. 6 block, in which the accident occurred, is strongly timbered, and adds that the subsi dence from the surface followed the blocking out on the gutter. An inquest on the body of Bridget Rice, who died from iDJuries inflicted by her hus band, Chas. Rise, tailor, of Prahran, was held to-day. The jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against the prisoner, who was committed for trial. Eleven landowners in the Coleraine district were fined £5 and coats for failing to cut thistles growing on their properties. The wet weather still continues. The graziers will derive great benefit from it, bat harvesting operations in many parts of the country arc suspended, and much loss will ensue. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Thos. O'Grady, a selector at Heathcoto, who failed to appear at the County Court to answer a charge of fraudulently disposing of 600 sheep, over the wool of which Golds brough & Co. hold a lien, Melbourne, January 23. A deputation of enginedrivers waited on the Minister of Railways and urged the adoption of the eight hours' system, particu larly with regard to the suburban lines. The Minister promised to consider the matter. The Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria has declared a dividend of 8 per cent. Sir. W. J. Clarke has written to the Minioter of Defence, offering the sum of £500 to be competed for by members of the Naval and Military Forces, in order to encourage greater pronciency in the discharge of their duties. The sum, which is intended as a prize fund, will be dealt with by the Defence Board, who will determine in what manner it can be best invested. John Bad cliff e, the world-reno wned flautist, who ia on a visit to Victoria, was married to-day to Madame Pauline Rita, the cele brated prima donna. At a special meeting of the council of the Working Men's College Mr, Francis Ormond stated that he was willing to lay the foundation-stone in eight weeks' time, pro vided by that time tne sum of £3,000 be raised bj public subscriptions, and a further sum of £2,000 be guaranteed by the end of the year. The Harbor Trust have accepted the tender of McNiel & Bath, at £80,000, for cutting a ship canal across Fisherman's Bend accord ing to Sir John Coode's scheme. McNeil and Bath, however, have written to the Harbor Trust requesting to be allowed to withdraw the tender, as they have found they have made great errors in calculation. The Harbor Trust flatly refuse to cancel the tender or to return the £1,500 deposit; The wet weather still continues, and farmers are complainiog of the injury done to the crops. The emplojejof J. Bedgood & Cj., boot manufacturers of Richmond, to the numbsr of over 300, struck work to-day, owing to the company's intention to reduce the wages. Ths firm state their intention to close the factory rather than give way. 