CABLE MESSAGES. LoNDoN, Jan. 5. THE armament of the Victorian gunboats Victoria and Albert has been tested at New castle, with excellent results. The guns proved very effective. An uneasy feeling prevails in Derby and Bedford in consequence of threatened out rages -by Fenians.- Precautions have been taken to protect the Midland railway at both those places. Mr. E:'A. Stone, formerly Crown Solicitor of Western Australia, has been gazetted a Judge of that colony. The strike amongst the seamen and fire men of the Messageries Maritimes fleet at Marseilles has determined, and the men have resumed work. - : It' is reported from St. Petersburg that Jablous, the leader of the Nihilist plot against the late Colonel Sudciken, a promi nent officer in the gendarmerie, who was murdered in St. Petersburg. on the 29t ultimo, has been arrested. It is currently reported in St. Petersburg that the recent alleged accident to the Czar of Russia while sledging was the result of an attempt on his Majesty's life' by'Nihilists, The: rumours, however, have not been con firmed. The shipment of frozen meat per Chim borazo (s.), consisting of 4000 carcases from Sydney, has been opened, and found to be in.sound condition. - The first p·'rtion of frozen mutton ex Teviotdale (s.), frozi Sydney,' was offered for sale this morning, and realised an average of 5d. The Daily News, in commenting upon the present situation of affairs in Egypt,-considers that it would be impossible for, France or. England to intervene in the suppression' of the'revolt in the Soudan.. The leading newspapers represent that the bulk of public opinion in England demands an English dictatorship in Egypt, and the defence of Egypt proper with Anglo-Indian troops. Baker' Pasha is endeavouring to arrange for-the withdrawal of the garrison at Khar toum to Abyssinia. .. : Jan. 6. It is hoped that, in' the event of: the weather moderating, the tugs will be enabled to ,remove: the cargo:- from the: stranded, vessel, Duke-of Westminster. The scene of the : mishap wvas visited .by about zooo spectators today. The. remains of Victor Emmanuel, the late King of Italy, have been 'deposited in the Pantheon,'at Rome. It is announced that, in compliance with the personal request, of. King Leopold, of Belgium, Colonel ".Chinese ' Gordon has consented to co-operate with the expeditioni under the command of Mr. H. M. Stanley, and will leavel for 'the; River Congoi on an early date No official :annotincement has 'yet been made of the decision which has been arrived at by the British Cabinet in reference to the application of the Egyptian Gover.iment for assistance in suppressing the insurrection in the Soudan. It is believed that the Cabinet has determined to delay action in the matter for a few days, but the British troops are to hold themselves in readiness for any emer gency. The London press almost unani mously oppose the interference of France in any way with Egyptian affairs at present. It is rumoured that the Earl of Dufferin, British Ambassador at Constantinople, who visited Egypt upon a special mission early last year, is to return to Egypt. LoNDoN, January 7. It has been definitely decided that the British Government shall assist the Egyptian authorities in defending the frontier of Egypt against the expected attacks of El Mahdi and his ins4rrectionary followers. This arrange, ment is conditional upon Egypt abandoning the Soudan to Turkey, and leaving it to that power to suppress the insurrection. The British Cabinet also insists upon Turkey making Suakim (on the Red Sea) the basis of operations. It is reported that in conse. quence of this decision rherif Pasha, the President of the Egyptian .ouncil and Minister of Foreign Affairs, will resign. London, Jan. 7. Mr. Murray Smith has hinted to the Duke of Buckingham that it is unlikely that the colonies will forestall the Exhibition of z886. The Naomi has been tried at Leith, and made a speed of '5 knots. She sails for Sydney on the I6th instant. At the request of the Duke of l4uckingham the Agents.General have cabled to know if the colonies will exhibit at the proposed ?iyeanlo FAsitfrkh It has been decided to hold a universal exhibition in San Francisco in x887. •Professor Owen, C.B., the celebrated anatomist, has been knighted. The death is announced of Herr Edward Lasker, a prominent member of the German Parliament, at the age of 54 years. The names of the Rev. Dr. Croke, Arch bishop of Cashel; Dr. Walshe, president of the Maynooth College, and Mr. Morgan, have been submitted to the Pope from which to select a successor to the late Archbishop Vaughan, of Sydney. The Dublin Free man's Journal comments upon these names, and while admitting that all three men are patriots, it insists that an Irishinari Shall be appointed. The treaty concluded between the French` Republic and the late King of Anam, by which France will receive the revenue de rived from indirect taxation and will exercise' a. protectorate over the Anainese territory,) has been reaffirmed by Yeoduc, the ruling .king. . . New York, Jan. 7. A fire broke out in a. large convent at Belleville,.a place, of so,ooo inhabitants, in Illinois, last night. a7 nuns and pupils were burned to death. Cairo, Jan. 7. The -Minsters under Cherif 'Pasha have tendered their resignations to the Khedive, :whicli-have been accepted. P. As, Jan. 6. Information has been received from Ad miral Galliber, in command of the French fleet at Madagascar, to. the effect that the Malagasy Government has at length definitely accepted the French ultimatum, and that a treaty of peace is about to be concluded. The treaty provides for the permanent ,cession to France of the whole of the northern portion of, the island. Latest intelligence from Anam reports that King Zoeduc has given in his complete sub mission to the French authorities,-and has formally endorsed the treaty of Cambodia previously concluded with his prededessor: . ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3.. . From information which has transpired dc.ring'the past few days, it appears certain. that the.injury which the Czar recently sus tained in the hunting field was not the result of an accident at all, but was really due to an attempt by Nihilists on his life. A WALTHAM LEVER WAT?i in En ish Hall marked hunting ca guar eed perfect time and workmanshjb, sent o any address, carriage paid, on ?eipt (of"lbst office'order for £3 Ios. W W. RiARD soN, Jeweller, Goulburn.-ADvT. Sunday is considered to have been the hottest day experienced in Maitland for the last 30 years. The thermometer registered from 112 to 113 deg in the shade, and from 14o to 147 deg in the sun. Bushfires were raging in many parts of the district during the day. A £roo Sheffield handicap will be-run in Maitland on May 24. A sad coach accident happened on Tues day morning about ro miles from -Port;Mac quarie,:onthe ManningL Road, by which-two passengers were killed. The driver left Port Macquarie at 5 a.m. with the mail coach, on his way for Taree, and by some means; when about ro miles on the road, the brake broke, the -horses became unmanageable, and the consequ'ence was the coa3ch upset, killing Mrs: McKinnon, wife of the Public schoiol teacher at Port Macquarie, and sister of the Mayor of. Balmain, Sydney, and:a person;. supposed to, be a Mr. McKeniiiie f Boindi, commercial traveller. The driver .of ,the coach :got his collar-bone broken.. :.'r.; McKinnon, husband of the above-mentioned, lady, -was much- injured,: as. ,was also his daughter. The coach was smashed to pieces. The greatest sympathy prevails. : . A Melbourne telegram has been published stating that Governments of all the Australian Colonies, except those of 'Westerhn Austilia and Tasmania, had ageed to qciuaraniine all imported does for 6 months as a precau tion against the introduction f hydprohobia. In the case of New South Wales the arrange. ments made are not for'a "6 months' quaran. "tinie,but- for. prohibiiinigaltogether the, imn portation bf dogs-than those that'cdme to the' colony-.from any of the other Australian colonies or from New; Zealand..?: Thomas Cornwall, who was run over by an engine at Redferni-on the and instant, and who had, both':legs amputated, died on Sun day. A Braidwood telegramnof Monday says ; A curious westerly gale has been, blowing all day. Much damage has been done to. p·'. pertyY. A"number of ver.andahs," chimney'; and balcolnies were blown down. The. itsti: tute was partly unroofed, and the e.xhibition building was destroyed. " Country properties are in great danger. Ballalaba is on fire. Great fears are entertained respecting the buildings in Moruya. There is.no sign of the cessation of the gale.. John Lewis .news-seller, found onCowper Wharf early on Monday. morning naked and dead; cuts all over the body, possibly from. a fmall penknife found close at hand. An outrage was committed upon a woman at Carlton on Sunday by a band of larrikins. The police are now in search of the offenders. Some revolting details are reported, and at least to youths are concerned in the affair.' A very bad accident occurred at lungwall on Monday morning about so o'clock, at Croll's' sawmills. A timber-shed fell in on four men, three of whom were seriously hurt. On Saturday at Gunnedah excessive heat prevailed, when the thermometer reached Sr3' in the shade. On Sunday it was worse. when from r14" to 18' was registered in five different--houses.. It was the hottest--day since January,, I88z, when ir9r. was re corded. At 8 o'clock on Sunday night the glass stood at ro5" On Monday the weather was not so bad, but very disagreeable. Dust storms are prevalent. The river is very low, and in places dead cattle are lying along the Janks. Many beasts, too weak to .travel, were dropped around the town on their way 7ol thel trucking yards. On Saturday 41 trucks of famished cattle, from Lower Namoi, left here for the Hunter. Some cases of sunstroke are reported ; particul irs not yet to hand. Day and night, on Sunday, were attended with the most severe heyt ex Ierienced for years. A change is anxiously looked for. The oldest member of the House of Lords is the Rev. Robert Hampd.n, Earl of Buck inghamthite, who reconry attained hils Both 