NEEDLES: " Short, Sharp, Shiny." Cold. Bleak. Windy. Winter. Heavy seas. Is this January? Boats foundered. Land sale begins to-day. Chinese Gordon goes to the Soudan. Onr new mayor is a good chairman. There are 432 millionaires in New York. Eighteen boats swamped in Holdfast Bay. Steamer Adelaide arrived at Williamstown. America sends cricketing eleven to Eng- land. Miss Mary Anderson's favorite poet is Homer. Marquis of Lorne greatly interested in the colonies. We have not enough space at the Calcutta Exhibition. The Queen is still suffering from the injury to her knee. Select committee on railways left to-day for the north. Tide at Port Adelaide continues at an ab- normal height. John Bright thinks foreign affairs present gloomy outlook. Offices of sanitary inspectors of the city declared vacant. Deaths from drowning terribly frequent in the lower Murray. The Day Dawn, Queensland, crushed 223 tons for 670 ounces. Disastrous bushfire between Kyneton and Heathcote, Victoria. The rabbits romp around on 680,602 acres in New South Wales. There ought to be no hydatids when so much whisky is drunk. Two thousand two hundred trains enter and leave London every day. Hardened blocks of glass are being used for bridge work in England. "Saint Ebenezer"is to be lectured upon to-night at Port Adelaide. A Russian newspaper favors British an- nexation of New Guinea. Baron Maclay is returning to New Guinea to prosecute his researches. Josef Gungl, the well-known composer, has died at Zsambeck, Hungary. Mr. T. Burgoyne's " The Land Question" advocates the leasing system. You can study practical agriculture at Roseworthy for £25 per session. The British Columbia legislature propose to restrict Chinese immigration. They make cheap cigarettes in Shanghai from thrown away cigar stumps. The city fathers intend making a raid against vendors of inferior milk. Western Australia is considering three schemes of railway construction. Lord Rosebery purchased one of Dobbie's seed-sowers for his English farm. International exhibitions at Rouen, Turin, Festh, and Nice at an early date. Lady Florence Dixie will call on her old friend Cetywayo in South Africa. The British Government are considering the question of annexing Ashanti. Movement for testimonial to Sir R. R. Torrens among colonials in London. The Princess Alice Memorial Hospital was opened at Darmadst on December 8. The German Edison Company have con- tracted to light Berlin with electricity. There are nearly forty newspapers issued in Calcutta, half of which are in English. Alarming outbreak of typhoid fever at Forster, Cape Hawke, New South Wales. Five men criminally assaulted a widow at Footscray. The whip first, the rope after. De Young granted a second-class certificate, suspended for two full terms of three years. City Council intend, as far as they legally can, to put down the Burford factory nuisance. The Masonic Temple at New York has been partially burned. The loss amounts to $75,000. The Emperor of Germany sometimes has 500 begging letters sent to his palace in one day. Oscar Wilde contemplates matrimony at an early date. Is the name of his betrothed Lily? A young lady, daughter of a gentleman farmer in Yorkshire, eloped with an Irish ploughboy. There are 1,687 building societies in Eng- land. The total receipts last year were £20,919,473. Parnell says the Irish members can determine whether Tories or Liberals shall rule England. Messrs. Cotton & Opie object to the attack of Mr. A. J. Edmunds. For losing £1,000 they are abused. A boating party got cast on to Torrens Island on Sunday evening, and had to stay there all night. The young American actress, Miss Mary Anderson, says she finds English audiences most sympathetic. Ladies in Nice use parasols made entirely of natural flowers with the stalks interwoven, Nice arrangement. Blue Ribbon Booth commences his mission in Tasmania, visits Victoria next, and other colonies afterwards. The Prince of Wales has received the rank of Grand Master and Past Grand Master of Mark Master Masons. The Grand Council of Valais, Switzerland, intends reintroducing the death penalty in the canton for murder. Warden Nash believes the new Houschildt goldfield will be one of the best fields yet opened in the Territory. William Buhl, a young man, shot himself at Grafton, through remorse of conscience from continued gambling. The dining-room cars of the Leeds express train and the South-Eastern continental mail train are lighted with electricity. Lawrence and Fleet, of little Bendigo, Echunga, found a nice shoot of gold last Friday. Twenty-five ounces already. The German Emperor seems to be a good sportsman. He brought down 6S8 head of big game at a recent shooting excursion. Belgium has 480 people to the square mile. If the United States were equally crowded the population would be 1,650,000,000. In England the idea of volcanic agency is generally adopted to account for the beautiful sunsets lately seen in the colonies. When noblemen patronise the colonies English papers wake up. Usually they are too busy with affairs in Timbuctoo to notice us. Paris ladies wear hats consisting of the entire skin of a cat with the head nestling as if pussy were taking a nap on the hearth rug. A mammoth locomotive is being made at Sacramento for the Central Pacific railway. The total weight of engine and tender (light) is 98 tons 650 lbs. A half-starved crew arriving in a barque at St. Andrew's Bay on Sunday could obtain provisions only with the greatest difficulty. It was the Sawbath. Terrill, the Wiltshire farmer, who with beer for refreshment beat a water- drinking opponent in a pitching match, has received a testimonial of over £100. Vanderbilt, the American millionaire, has, it is said, engaged Meissounier to paint a military picture 18 feet by 12 feet, the price of which is to be £10,000. Professor Fischer, of Munich, has extracted from gas tar a white crystalline powder, which in its medical properties cannot be distinguished from quinine. Who has not had the postage stamp mania? The most valuable stamp—the rara avis of the French collector—is that of Mauritius, 1850, which, whether blue or red, is worth 1,500 francs. The Standard wants to know what the great poet, artist, or philosopher has to do with the paltry distinctions recorded in Burke or Debrett. He belongs to the nobility of all ages and nations. According to Dr. J. Mortimer Granville this ought to be the weather for nightcaps. He believes we suffer more from brain troubles than our predecessors, because we leave the head exposed at night. Mr. W. H. Gladstone says the Liberals do not run up and down the country boasting about the colonies, but they believe in our greatness all the same. Recent events are a sad commentary on this. The late Archbishop of Canterbury was compelled to deprive a clergyman of office for an ecclesiastical offence which he could not overlook. It cost him £4,000, and for nearly fifteen years he continued to support the delinquent. 