JUNEE JUNCTION. WEDNESDAY, January 9. The past fortnight has been (locally) remark* able for the amount of damage done to pasture by bush-fires. On Sunday week a fire broke out on Mr. J. Morris's Geralgambeth run, and destroyed upwards of 1000 acres of grass. The fire is alleged to have been caused by the sparks of a passing railway engine. During the same week several bush-fires on a small scale occurred close to the town, and the surrounding scenery has become a trifle spotted in consequence. Although only small patches of grass are burnt here and there, at an approximate guess I would say that about 800 acres of grass has been destroyed. On Monday a fire broke outin Mr?. Webster's paddocks, about four miles out, burning between 400 and 600 acres ot grass, and it was with great difficulty prevented from reaching the grain and hay stacks, which are stored on the farm. A spark from a railway engine is said to bave also caused this fire. The same evening a fire hroke out on Mr. M'Kinnon's farm, near Harefield, burning between 400 and 500 acres of grass and 5 acres of wheat. It was with great d fficulty prevented from getting into an 80-acre wheat paddocfe of Mr. M (Kinnon!s. A spark from the engine attached to the first division of the mail traiu from Albury started the fire, which had nearly been got under when the engine of the second division of the mail started it again, causing the damage mentioned. It is high time that some sort of a spark-catcher was devised for attachment to the top of the railway-engine chimneys, as at present gross near the railway line, if at all long, is in groat jeopardy at this time of the year, to eay nothing of grain crops, &c.; And where the danger is made still greater, trains at this time of year are generally heavily laden, and where an incline has to be gone up the engine is put to its test, consequently causing a greater emission of sparks than under ordinary circumstances. Not only for the sake of preventing bush-fires should spark-catchers be adopted, but also for the general safety of the travelling public, for when an engine is laboring up an incline, and live sparks issuing at auch a rate from the chimney, should any combustible matter be on any of the attached carriages the danger of a travelling conflagration is rendered very great. The water question is very quiet here just now, and no one seems to know what the intention of the Government is in this one particular. Midnight picnics arc becoming very popular in Junee, ana are, I have no doubt, enioyed very much by those who attend them; but to those who seek retirement at respectable hours they are confoundedly annoying. The only noticeable effect this class of picnic haB, is the material it furnishes to gossips and scandalmongers. The race-meeting on the 26th, and tbe Boman Catholic bazaar on same date, promise to be very successful affairs. The weather for several days past has been very hot, windy, and dusty. Yesterday a very temperate heat prevailed, and to-day is much similar. 