I At the Fire. Night in Brisbane, and the illuminating beams of Luna are reflected from the clear water of the Brisbane River. I am in bed dreaming, but what of? The past, the present, and the future; of love, politics and—libel actions. I see Sain Griffith before me j he asks me in a pathetic voice to take pity on him and Queensland, and save the country by as suming the reins of Government. " 5Tes, Bobbie," he says, in a voice vibrating with emotion strangely unlike Sam's usual yabber, "If you don't save the country, I will,"—what Sam said he intended to do, I forget, for at that moment the ringing of bells awakened me from sleep. I rubbed my eyes, aid looking up, saw a strange sort of unearthly glare. Had I left the lamp lighting in the parlor, and had it fallen, and the house taken fire ? I seemed to hear the crackling of the flames. Without going to the trouble of putting on my inexpressibles, I made for the parlor. Parlor all right; but through the cur tains I can see a splendid blaze. I rush out on the balcony and—it's Howard Smith's wharves. # # # " George." I am endeavouring to arouse a friend ;of mine from his midnight slumbers to witness the great conflagration, but George is snoring peacefully, 1 and does not care a cent. " Georgestill no answer. " George." A slight grunt, which may mean any thing. " George." A restless turn in the bed, and; as I dexterously let fall a few drops of water from a glass right on to the tip of nis nasal protuberance, George wakes up with a start, and, using some strong adjectives, wants to know what is the reason for disturbing an innocent man from his sleep at 2 o'clock in the morning. " Fi—i—re," I tell in a hideous tone, just like Billy Brookes. That is enough. George has got my inexpressibles on before a person has time to say " Sam Griffith," and I follow suit by introducing my long legs into his short so-and so's, which, reaching down to my knees, give me the impression that I am attired for a hundred yards " snorter," a la, Pritchard. We both then put on coats. I slung on an evening dress-coat, which I had displayed at an evening party a few hours previous j and in this model costume, and slippers on, of course, we sally out for the scene of the fire. # # * A good fire is a glorious thing, more especially when a person is in rather low spirits. There is nothing which tends moire to arouse your enthusiasm than the spectacle of a great blaze, when you know, that no matter how it spreads, it cannot do you much harm. A great fire is a grand magnet j it attracts thousands upon thousands. It brings them alike from the comfortable couch of down, and the rough bunk of the workman; from the canopied, mosquitq-curtained bed of the honourable so-and-so, down to the bed of exchanges with a few files for a pillow which the reporter has improvised for a mid night couch in his office. A man may not give way to the temptation of good whisky, but h<s cannot with stand the temptation of a good fire. It's a strange thing to see how men delight in a spectacle which may bring utter ruin to his fellow neighbour. The utter uncharitableness of his pleasure does not strike Vim at the time. He is forgetful of all, save the fact that—" It is a grand blaze, sir; the best I have seen for a long time." Yes, when we come to reflect, a great fire at 2 o'clock in the morning, brings out some curious phases of human nature. Men and women gather promiscuously together with a startling disregard as to propriety in the matter of costumes (witness mine for instance). Fair nymphs are dressed in a manner, which, had they gone down Queen Street in broad daylight in, would have awakened the curiosity of even a parson. But they have a grand excuse—it is a fire; and who dresses I for a fire but the members of the fire brigade? Besides, everybody is too much absorbed in con templation of the blaze to pay any attention to each other's dress; but, if a lady wants to take fashion notes for an " At Home" column, let her take a dozen notebooks and go to a great fire. Strange thing a fire, isn't it ? # # # " Stand off that hose there, you (stereotyped) son of a (block)The words are not addressed to me, but to my friend, who has somehow or another got on the hose, and now gets off it, a precious sight quicker than he got on. "We are making our way among it, and down the cutting, and to our left beneath is the blaze, in which a few jets of water are playing, and making as much impression as a cup of water emptied upon a Western buBh fire going at the rate of thirty miles an hour would. Still, it is not the Fire Brigade's fault. The fire had too strong a hold on the sheds to permit water to have any effect. There is room for improvement in the Fire Brigade certainly; but, last Sunday morning they worked very hard, and they deserve great credit for their efforts—and speaking of "efforts" reminds me that they had to use a lot of them to get down that cut ting. Going round we ran against Galbraith, and when we were asking Gal to have a nip we did the next best thing, and asked him how he felt, to which Gal gallantly replied that he felt (galli vantingly) hot. As Galbraith and his subordinates would not let us pass on to the wharf we stopped where we were, and then we both felt and saw the fire. Let us have a spell to draw breath before giving yet another par. # # # " Bless ye, it's nothing. Ye should see the Sydney Hexhibitions buildings on fire. Gad, that waft the night." So said an old man on my right hand to his next neighbour, and the next neighbour poo poohed the " Sydney Hexibition fire," and talked about a certain great fire years ago in Tooley Street. Here an argument was flamed up. Another sea faring looking man had once seen a great flre in 'Frisco, and to use his own elegant words " it licked all other (sanguinary) fires hollow." A man, who had evidently been out "West, then put in his spoke. " Hang ye'er (scarlet) town fires, nothing like a bush fire ; should see one on the Western plains in October. That's the one to travel through the long grass if there's a bit of a breeze. By Gemini ! how it tears along;" and the speaker smacked his hands, and gazed in contempt at the fire beneath. It was a glorious sight, just the sort of a scene Turner would have been delighted to paint. Petrie's Bight, and Bowen Terrace, were splendidly illuminated, and the crowds leaning against the fence on the river bank stood out plainly. At every window in the houses on Petrie's Bight, heads were to be seen sticking out, and gazing at the fire. Amid the shouts of the firemen; the arguments also about fires among the spectators; the thousand advices gratis offered; the crackling of the flames; the crash of the roofs of the sheds as they tumble in; the showers of sparks; and the bustle, confusion, and hurrying observable everywhere. It was a grand sight—a fiery one. # # # Hark! what's that ? 'Tis the men singing as they pump the water. It is a cheery song, and it ha§ a cheery sound. It reminds one of old days at sea— of the old shanties sung by lusty voices— Oh whisky is the life of man, Whisky 1 Johnny-— Oh whisky is the drink for me, Whisky for my Johnny. These were the gay old times when we weathered the cape with close-reefed topsails, and—" there i goes a lot of flour," said|my companion, and, once more turning my attention to the scene before me, I forgot old times. Lord! there's that paper of Web ster's burned. How many thousand copies of Figaro could be printed out of these bales ? But the fire king has stamped his impression on them now, and when they have passed through it, indeed, only ashes will be left. Such is the fate of man, and— paper. By-and-bye, after both of them have done a little good, and a lot of mischief, they are reduced to—ashes. But, time passed on; the fire went on; the water also went on; and most of the crowd went on—homewards. There was no fear of it spreading, and though the blaze continued, and the water con tinued, it was getting a trifle monotonous. Every thing gets monotonous after a time—even a great fire. Strange things, when first seen,are a novelty; but gradually a novelty wears out, even though the blaze may still continue, people will get tired, and go—home. # # # Daylight ! fire still burning; men still working ; water still pouring. There are a few present looking on, but not many. It is too early for people who have not yet seen the conflagration, and too late for those who have witnessed it, and they have gone home to bed. It is rather a dreary scene, everything looks smoky and black. On the burning wharf is an indescribable mass of smoky, mouldering matter. The air is heavy with a peculiar smell caused by baked potatoes, burned and wet flour, charred paper, melted sugar, roast salt, etc. Fancy all these smells together, and you can have some idea of that "peculiar" smell. But no smell in fire spoils our appetite for breakfast, and taking a last glance at the scene, we make for " ham and eggs for three, please—now then—wait-aw." 