COLONIAL TELEGRAMS VICTORIA. From our own Correspondent. Melbourne, January 15. The Frenchmen, Miss and Rice, arrested the other day on suspicion of being New Caledonian escapees have been discharged from gaol, their identity having been proved according to thdr statements. i The totd stakes pdd away by the Vie. torian Clnb, on account of Saturday's meet icg, amounted to £1,627. Mr. Wm. Pearson was tiie largest winner with £725. A farmer named Wm. Stewart was driving from|Moonambd to Barldey township in the Avoca district, when his spring-cart upset threugh the wheel coming into contact with a stump. Stewart was picked up in an insensible state and taken to the Mary borough Hospitd, where it was found that bis spine was badly injured, and that his , lower limbs were paralysed. A disastrous lire occurred to-day on Gllles- ? pie Brothei-*' Fdthfd Creek station, Euros, ? deitroying three stacks of wheat and one of ; peas, the produce of over two hundred acres. ? The damage is only partially covered by to* ? auracop. The City Council to-day passed a resolution expressing deep regret at the death of the ' late Mr. W. C. Watts, city surveyor, and ordering a letter of condolence to be aent to the widow. Abdallab, the well-known steeplechuer I waa put up to auction to day, and knocked down to T. Jones, tbe Caulfield trainer, for ! 70 guieeas. A disastrous fire broke out at Kyneton this tccrcicg, resulting in the totd destruction ot four shop*. The Australian Eleven started for Sydney tbis evcGirg by express, to take part in the match against New South Wales. The board appointed under the Defence Act to investigate the charges laid by Lieut* IJecnis, of tbe Naval Reserve, against Capt. FuUarton, bis commanding officer, of un becoming and tyrannicd conduct, concluded taking evidence to- night and adjourned. Tbe annual sitting of tbe Wesleyan Metho -rfbt Conference commenced to night. The lit v. Hy. Bath was elected president forthe eti.-t-.irf 3 ear. The Itev. E.J W-ttkin, reciting pi<?ioft,t, dt liver* d an address, in wbioh he reviewed tbe events of the year connected witb tbe church, and epoke earnestly in favor of ? onion of the Methodist chanhes of Auatralia. Referring to the Salvation Army, the apeaker thought it *waa doing a great deal of good, although he could not ap* prove altogether of its conduct, espedally with regard to the apparent flippancy vrith which sacred names were uttered in its rccetirgs and printed in its publications. The real business of the meeting commences j to-monow morning. j Blr. Joseph Thompson, the well-known bookmaker, was entertained at the Atben:t-uin Hall to-tight at a ban-net prior to his de parture for Europe. A large number of persons were present. Arrived—Penola, from Adelaide. NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.) Sydney, January 15. The weather is very warm. Bain wai thieatening last night, but it went off again. TiVhoopiug cough and measles an among the immigrants on board the barque Selkirk shire, which has been quarantined. The Nulla Nulla Telegraph station wu struck hy lightning on Saturday night, and tbe building damaged. Salisbury, a charcoal-burner at Forbes, haa been hilled by bis cart capsizing. A wrestling match for a £10 trophy took place last night at the Sydney Gymnasium between Jas. Aliller, a brother of Professor Miller, and H. Hargo. There was a large attendance. BliUer won by three falls to one. George Buxton, of Newcastle, rescued two persons from drowning yesterday. A peculiar matrimonial incident is reported from Newcastle. A young lady, about to be married at Newcastle, waa aeen off at tha railway atation by ber intended on a ehort visit to Armidale. While there aha met another fellow, and in 21 hours married him. A breach of promise case is talked about. The following new appointments have been made oy the Government:—Captain H. D. Mackenzie, of the New South Wales Artil lery, to be brigade major during the absence on leave of Lieutenant-Colonel Christie; Captain Compton, instructor in musketry to the military forces of the colony, to be ad vanced to the rank of major; Mr. Osborne Wilihire, forest ranger at Moama, to be assistant inspector ot fisheries on the River Murray aad adjacent waters. The dty coroner resumed the enquiry into the circumstances attending the death of the infant John Henry Swanbrow, who died on the 7th inst. from injuries sustained on the Sth, supposed to have been inflicted by a blow from a candlestick thrown by the deceased's father while quarrelling with the mother. The jury returned a verdict of man slaughter against Hy. Saanbrow. A a meeting of the Executive Council this morning a board waa appointed to enquire into the sanitary condition of the pablic aebool building*. At tha City Council to-day a resolution was passed tbat the thanks of the council be conveyed to Blr. John Harris, the ex-mayor, for bia very valuable aad efficient services to the city during the yean ISSI-3. Wm. Kennedy, a shepherd, met with a terrible death near Rylatone. He waa trying to extinguish a bushfire aad got into the thick undergrowth. The poor fellow waa immedia tely auifounded by dames, and before he could escape waa roasted to death. Kennedy waa In the employment of Hugh Family, of Rylatone. The adjourned inquest on the body of Thos. Robert Lamb, who died from the effects of injuries sustained in ths collision between | the vessel Dreamland and steamer Glenelg. ' waa continued to-day. The evidenoe taken was substantially tbe aame ac that whicb was heard at the Marine Board enquiry. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died * frcm capillary bronchitis, consequent upon \ immersion in the waters of Port Jackson, ; through the sailing-boat Dreamland colliding ! with and being run down by tho ateamer Glenelg, and tbat the collision -was due to the negligence acd carelessness of tiie master of the Gleaelg, Malcolm Groat, through his not observing tbe rules of navigation. *Groatwea committed for trial for manslaughter. I At about half past 11 to day John Ollie. about aixty yean of age, was found dead on a aofa in a sittingroom at the European HoteL He had just taken a hearty break* i faat. and appeared to be in his usual etate j of health. At a meeting of the Sydney City Council a letter from the city treasurer was read, pointing out tbe favorable etate of the I.OU don mosey market as evidenced by the satis factory floating of the recent Government loan cf three millions and the Auckland Cor poration debentures, the amount offered being £I-J0,CO0; and seven times that ?urn being tendered at a premium of two and three-eighths per cent. He pointed cut tbat on July 1 fcK.OOO of the Sydney Council's debentures would-mature. and sug gested as an experiment that steps should be taken for placing them on tiie London market for it -waa not to be doubted that the de! bent urea of Sydney srouid most certainly com mand an enhanced rate to thoee of Anckland. The Mayor aaid at preaent the City CouncU had no power to offer those debentures in the London market, and it would be necessary in any fresh legislation to have tush powers conferred on the Council. An old and a respected citizen, Mr. John Strutb, who three months ago gave £1,000 to the University and Prince .Alfred HospitaL has supplemented these gifts by one of £I,OJO and a handsome appropriate atained-glass window to St. Andrew's College. Arrived—City of Adelaide, from Mel bourne ; Kecopnaiinat.ce. barque, which bas returned with 176 bales of wool from the wreck of tbe barque Ramsay, on Middleton ehoal, acd reports that the wreck ie broken up; Renard from South Sea Wanda. Sailed Mtnmuir, Katoomba, Taiwan, and Cheviot for Melbourne; Mangana for Hobart. A painful accident befel Mr. Carlos, chief efficer ot tbe schooner Atlantic, while that vessel was in tbe Solomon Group. It appears be eras handling a loaded snider ride, aad waa in the act of putting it down when it went off, and the bullet entered his left thigh, shattering the bone. He waa brought on to Sydney. { Foater A Minty are constructing at their ; shipbuilding yard, Balmain, the frames of ! i two composite bargee. They are to tbe ' j order of D. ?*>. W. Robertson of this city, and - t aie intended for Auckland. i Edwin Penrose, a shunter at the Wallera. ! j wang station, to nigbt jumped from a train ; ! while it was in motion and struck the bandies j |of tbe points, receiving serious io juries. Ho i was brought to lletbun-t, but died before his j arrival. j 