Ladies' Page. Gipsy's Notes. New Jewellery. TJXS /'engagement bangle" ia the best mea ena ingénions jewellers have brought ont. It is of plan gold, with the Christian names of the lady and love; engraved thereon. When feasible, preeions stonei spell the names, or, at times, only the initials. Thu \- bracelet is clasped on the arm of his love by th« adorer ; bat then there is a difficulty. It can nevei . be removed unless by filing. How awkward if thej quarrel or grow oold, as lovers sometimes do, thc gage - d'amour remains an inconvenient remindei of broken vows. However, if only true lovers are concerned, this drawback will not matter very much. " ' On the same subject, but when matters have pro Sassed somewhat (when the lady and the parente ve all said *. yos"), the final ceremony is to be per» formed, and those oharming six or eight young damsels in pink, blue, cream, or whatever their favourite colour may be, are to receive souvenirs of the event as part payment for their share' in the show. These souvenirs now take the form of pins or brooohes, in horseshoe ßhape, for luok, and a spray of forget-me-nots beautifully oxe . outed in coloured enamels is laid aorobs the top so aa to overhang. A gold nail with a gem ini- tialing the bridegroom's name for head, is another , favourite device, but not BO pretty as the former. Good Fancy Dresses. Who does not enjoy a fancy ball P- and who, after \- the first freahnesa has worn off, does not tire of : meetine " Snowa," " Evening Stars," " Gipsies," , and "Flower Girls" at every step, with thoir at- tendant "Sailors," "Volunteers," and "Negro Minstrels P" I will not give the latter sex ' any hints, beoauso a man never looks to better advantage than in evening dross, ! unless, indod, ho bo a fino muscular criant, and ; than tho national cos tumo of Scotland makes him . irresistiblo ; but now that wo havo pretty well got J through the summer, thc usual round of danoes will \- be beginning, and a fow novelties in the way of . character impersonations may be acceptable to my, ; , fair friends. These woro worn at reoent fanoy balla in England, and aroused no small degree of iutoroat. . Any young lady anxious to show off her collootion of friendships' offerings cannot do better than pose as a " Christmas Card." Tho oostume is made of white v jean or Bateen, in tho prosent mode, and the cards \- aro arrancad in natterns. strines. diamond« or oiroles firmly Btitohed on. Smallest cards shonlc \- be used for tho bodice. A wreath of holly and ber- ries surrounds tho low out bodice. And the samo may be drapod aoross tho skirt. A circular fan, palm ' -. leaf for instance, has tho words "A Merry Christ- mas," printed aoross ; or, if proforrod, cards may bc used here also. Surmising that cream will bo as popular as it was laBt season, " strawberries and cream " will suit a brunette capitally. Tho skirt ia short, and of croam satoon in deep kiltings or box . pleats, tho bodico and panniora of strawberry .sateen, edged with gathorod lace, bonoath , whioh strawberries and loaves aro hung in profuse festoons. Round the square-cut bodico and |sloovos ; strawberries and leaves aro gathorod thickly. On tho head a tiny basket (such as strawberries, ohorrios, and currants, aro ahown in tho fruit shopa), is gilt, filled with strawberries, and worn on ono sido of tho head. The hair is drossod high, long glovcB aro of ; ;Oream, and shooB to match. "LawnTonnis" is an ; other good get up. Tho overskirt has a fringe of tennis balls; a tight-fittingblaok velvet jaokot is hung with amallor balls. A couplo of tonuia racquets crossed on the hips koop tho drapery in place. Vory small racquets form a head-dross. Thia ÍB too trying, . and may be dispensed with. Ono of those picturesque .' felt hata that cricketers and boating mon uso can bo : Worn instead ; and tho fan is a racquet likowiso. liaycntlcr Uny Swimming Matches. ; Theso natatory exhibitions aro almost a novelty, there ia no reason though, in a city like Syduoy eur . rounded by water, why they should bo. Of course, as j our folk in authority have arranged, swimming in tho immediate vicinity of tho town is a procoss . that tho baro thought of sends a ß li udder ; through tho frame of any ono who has inhalod 'the odour of sewago matter as it issued on its , way to the Circular Quay, Woolloomooloo, or Rush outter Rays ; but there are as yot a few spots not Solluted in this" stylo, and amongst them is Lavender lay. Hore a large number of visitors gathered on . Saturday afternoon, and while tho Naval Voluntoor : Band played very Bwootly a host of swimmers, all ages, boya, girlß, and full-grown-ups, showed thoir . aptitude in a variety of ways. Tho youngsters-boys ', under 9, and another couplo of events in whioh tho com- petitors wore girls under 12 and 14 respectively, raced ' --were tho souroo of groat interest. A raco open to ; all comers for tho championship of N.S. Wales and a ' silver oup, was won by Ii. Cavill, son of tho Profes- sor. And moBt exciting was tho contest botwoou a . dozen mombors of tho Naval Artillery Volunteers, whfln Onslow oamo in firRb and 10. Stndman RonnnH. AnioiiîÇNt Miine IMcturcs. The gentlomon of tho solection committee of our Art Gallery aro not nico-at least I do not think thoy .can be happy natured, olso they would scarooly take \- BO evident delight in providing us with such doleful .eubjeota as they havo lately added to our store ,in tho Domain building. It sooins as though vthe seleotora woro afflicted with tho dismals, ,. and sought to sproad that uncomfortable state of .affairs amidst »rt lovers. For instanco, ! . one of the most recont additions is " Tho Widower " ? i (of which an engraving appeared in this journal), a -splendidly executed painting by one of tho boat artiata (--Fildes-but so miserable that one can but sigh, and , feel the tears very noar tho surfaoo whilst gazing, i A cottage interior : Father has come home to his daily, meal (mid-day presumably), which has beeu i kept warm in a covered basin. Thia is, however, . .disregarded in his anxiety for the pallid ' faced little one, who lies BO ill and holp -,.less., in hie arms. Tho man's faco is full of . sorrow, too deep for ordinary expression, and a "big girl, who baa to take mother's place now, \- , stands sadly by, looking at the pair. A couplo of . ? roBy cheeked toddlers contentedly sharing with a dog : a simple repast, gives somo brightness to tho scone, .but only intensifying by contrast the utter sadness of v . tho theme. "A Peasant Child's Funeral" is grandly ¿. .treated, but BO woeful. Tho interior of a fine oonti " .nental cathedral is shown, wherein the paintor has revelled in his architectural? predilection-lofty ceil, inga, splendid carvings, marble floor, and "ßtoried panos ;" and in the midst of all this Istatoliness is a poor little coffin on a trestle, oovered with a shabby velvet pall. An old and a young mau stand by with downcast hoads, tho only mourners, while a priest and acolyte porform tho simple rites before poor little Jean or Marie ia consigned to duBt. But for sublime misery, the very latest acquisition, Strutt's " Black Thursday," leavea every thing else in the ßhade. It a acaroely necessary to tell that this is an episode in Victorian history in the early days of the oolony. fThe heat waB intense, bush fires raged, cattle dropped dead, mea and women perished by hundreds, everj blade of grass waa eoorohed up, and the suffering caused was immense, Well, Mr. Strutt found here a fit subject for his palette. Terror-atrieken men, women, and children, are seen flying on foot, on horseback, in vehicles of every description, with as many of their household chattels as they could hurriodly collect beforo the flames and smoke of a terrino bushfire. The scene is one of the wildest confusión- horses, men, sheep, cattle, children, dogs, kangaroos, all mixed up together, pet birds brought along in their oages are thrown down and wildly beat against their bars, snakes ereot themselves and hiss wildly, sheep dogs dart ferociously at their terrified charges, the eyes of the oxen gleam with a luried light as they madly plunge on, and in every variety of despair and agony the human counten- ance is depicted. The road is strewn with debris of all descriptions, household furni- ture, wearing apparel, books, provisions, &c;, thrown aside by the despairing ones as impeding their flight ; and carcases, bleaohing skulls of animals, dead birdB, and denizens of the woods add to the genoral horror. Can anything bo more terrible ? Then there is yet another, " Rejected." A nice-looking young painter, with cigarette in his hand, sits sadly musing before a picture, whioh the hanging committee have exoluded from their show. You can see all it moans to him. Castles in the air rudely razed to the ground, count- less commissions that erewhile loomod in tho future depending upon thesuoceBSof this particular picture, very far ahead now ; and if there is a lady in the case -there sometimes is-well, thenioo home in which she was to have been the bright ruling spirit bepomes very faint and shadowy. Shelley was right when he said Our sweetest sonars are those "Which tell of Baddest thought. Most people,, especially happy people, tako groa delight in singing melancholy, heartrending songs those whioh tell of broken vows, blighted hopes, an« saddened lives. .When actual experience oomes thoj are not so roady to sing about it. Hut in tho mean time, they revel in. the luxury of imaginary woo, ant listeners say, " What a beautiful song,',' " So sweot,' "So ead," "So like life;" and tho same class oí folk enjoy bost those novels and tales that enc gloomily-in separation or tho hero's or horoine't death; first, beoauso it is so decided a oón< traat with tho oven tenour of - their own bright lot. That is all very well ; but most men and women find life has quito enough shadow and trouble ; or if they havenoue of thoir own, their relatives and friends oan supply them with more than a sufficiency for all sympathetic purposes. So that when visiting a pio> turo gallery, where at least ono should bo able to forget, it is not with feelings of gratitude ono thinks of tho artist who from all the glad subjeotB awaiting his creative or imitative hand turns aside to depress ono with tho sad and sorrowful. Pioturos should givo pleasure,call up happy thoughts, hopeful dreams, delight ono with their beauty of subject as well as of colour ; and midst all its woes there aro brightnesses enough in lifo to give artists onough to do for many a long day. Owldom. The Sydney birds perched in tho Protestant Hall on Wednesday, and of course made thoir guests very oontet, as usual. Next week moro on tho Bubjoot. Mayoral Hospitality. Mr. and Mrs. John Hardio have issued invitations for a harbour excursion on tho 18th. Clontarf is to bo tho destination. nithsdale Ii ance. Tho daughter of tho house entertained a num- ber of friends at a musical and dancing party on the 21st. Amongst tho items most liked-were a duot by Mrs. M'Carthy and Mr. Poohotsoh on piano and violin; Miss Modini's song " Destiny," MisB M. Wilshire's piano solo " Chant des Naaides," Mr. M'Carthy'B song " My Sweetheart when a boy," and Miss Thompson's "Veshti." Everything done to mako guests happy, and they wore. Allora Bachelors Gave a ball on tho 3rd instant in tho Town Hall, and committee mon, musicians, and caterers all com- bined to mako tho event ono of tho most enjoy- able that has been hold in tho Darling Downs. Pretty girls nnd dan cors were found in the Missoa Wallis, Frond, Nomoth M'Millan, Lonoy, Lindsay, Gooda, Brennan, Millor, Ander son, M'Gladrogan, and Mesdames Cameron and Ludgato. Tho local editor (Mr. Cameron) helped very materially in tho evening's pleasure, and it ia intended to repeat the ball every year. No surer criterion of success. Merrendee. Tho master of the public school, Mr. J. O'Brien, made a number of small people happy on the 7th, when, at his own expense, he treated them to a pic- nic, organised games and sports which kept them busy till sunset. In the evening the friends of more mature years were entertained at a dance, where Miss C. McGrath was the bolle, and tho Misses Clay, Jones, Fitzpatrick, Rudd, and Wilson, were much admired. Good partners wore the Messrs Mann, O'Brien, Hogan, Clay, and Fitzpatrick. Cathedral Wedding. Miss Holon, oldest daughter of Mr. T. J. Bown, was married to Mr. B. Short, jun., (oldest son of tho votoran Lifo .Assurance agont) by tho Rovds. Dean Cowper and C. Babor, on tho L'S th ult in St. Andrew's Cathedral. Tho brido's costumo (tho gift of her oldest brother) was very handsome, of ivory brocaded satin, front breadth plain satin, trimmed with laco and orango blossom, wreath and voil, Six brides- maids-Miss Emily Bowen loading-wore in waiting ; that young lady woro palo primrose surah and lace ; threo in cream veiling and primrose eurah ; and two younger onos in pink veiling and broche. All Woro hats to match and carriod baskots of flowers. Tho bride's mother looked well in helio- trope satin Eurah, triminod with Duchesse laco, oroam bonnot. Mr. Montagu Gonyor playod tho "Wodding March" a3 Mr. and Mrs. Short loft tho building, amidst rico and floworB flung after thom. At Katoomba, Potorsham (tho residonoo of tho bride'B f>aronts), tho dejeuner was laid in a marquee on tho awn, and tho honeymoon is being spent in Hobart. Petersham Owl Club. On Tuesday week last another of tho hoots given by this well-known club passed off moBt enjoyably, about 200 ladies and gontlomon prosent. Notwitn Btanding tho rain Borne birds arrived quite dry, while others oamo with wot ruffled feathers, which took quite an hour to straighten, consequently it was late before the harmonious portion of the evoning began. The chief attraction in the musical element was Mías MarieSt.Clair'B song, "Love'sRequest," vociferously onoored. Another good item was a song by Miss Riohardson, "Thou wilt return no more. Mr. H. Pier sang " Thou art so near and yet BO far," in a style that fairly oharmed the audienoo. . The "pippo" gave a splendid rendering of the " Yeo- mans wedding Bong," and the yellow tail sang " O lovely Rose" in exceedingly good stylo. Mr. Slooombe was very fortunate and entertaining in ''Too late for thé Train," a Comic reoitation. The king parrot (as usual very good), recited the " Matron's Story " iplendidly. After one or two more songs, the new president (tho woodpecker), brought the first pat io a close, bat not before he had commented upon tb eplendid proscenium, Beta of scenes, &o;,, whick ba recently been constructed by the late Mayor o Petersham. At 10 o'clock the hall was cleared, and i programme of eight dances gone through. Down stairs lignt refreshments were available all the even ingj that is till midnight, at which time the Owls in variably close. To Corresponaents. Gertie-Certainly not poison; and if youusetlM proper treatment with globule or liquid, the headache should disappear. Do not take it, however, unless ander medical advice, since you might augment thc trouble. A Joker (Cudgegong) wants to know oan any reader supply the words of " Soon with the Angels 1*11 be Marohing?'» C. E. (Cobargo)-Poor little pet girl, should like to help you ; especially as your hands have become harsh and sore from hard work. You cannot, or at least you will not wish to make them j soft, since they would'auffer much more when you help with the weekly wash. After washing your nandp, dry them oarefuUy ; then rub on a out lemon. If the hands are chapped this will make them smart for a few seconds, but thiB quickly wears off, 8o docs the harsh and tender feeling. Some laundresses rub the clothes against their wrists and hands, thereby excoriating and re-opening the skin. Take care to rub the clothes against each other. Rub fresh mutton fat on the hands, and put on a pair of Old kid glovoB with the palms out out, when "retiring to rest. Write and tell me the result after you have given these hints a trial. Caro (Ferndale).-"Arara" kindly sends you her recipe for preserving peaches. To each' pound of fruit allow llb of white sugar and one pint of water. Boil the two latter to a nice thin eyrup, akim well, putin the fruit, and loavo till it swells; but do not allow it to break. Tako off the fire, and let stand till cold. Then give another boil, and let stand airain. Repeat thia until tho fruit. assumes a nice rjob oolour. Tako ic out then, and drain well. Place on^ a tray iu the sun .to dry,. bringing in at night. If preferred, the. peaohos may be loffcï in the J syrup, and oovorod with paper dipped in brandy. Honey may bo used instead pf sugar-llb to each pound of fruit, and proceed as above. . . . Sallie.-Two caps of tea a day ia nob amuui. J. vi tell mo how often you drink it, but not how much (2.) Pupil t.mchors receive whilo training a yearly salary, which is paid by the Counoil of Education The amount ia not spocifiod in the Aot. Pearl (Bingera).-Elsie (Narrabri) desires to thant you for tho recipe for pinc-applo! oidor. - She triod it and says it is vory nioo. Tho samo lady thanks Mr, T. II. Vincent for a reoipo for apple cider. Elsie (Narrabri).-Navy blue, blaok, dark brown, pruno, garnot, plum. No light colours, unless white muslin, and with that wear red ribbons near the face. (2.) Any of tho booksellers advertising in tho JOURNAL will supply you with tho book. Arma (Blayney).-Thank you for the jelly rooipe. Keep your words closer together and ourtail tho daBh at tho end of each. It will then bo very good. Old Gold.-" Arma" says this is tho way to make a pie jolly, but it sooms to mo aftor tho style tho Irish- man directed a oano chair to bo made-"col loot a lot of bolos and twist Btraw round them." There is nothing about how tho jolly ia made; perhapa you know though? Dip a ring mould into scalding wator, rinso with oloar cold water, pour into tho mould a little savoury jolly bright and clear, let it sot slightly, and placo in it piooos of oold boiled fish or alices of hard-boild ogg, fill up the mould with tho jelly, and lot it stand till oold. "When roquired dip tho mould into hot water, shake slightly, and turn out on a dish. Fill the centro with parsley, and garnish with altoruato sliooB of lomon and cuoumbor. Jem Baggs.-thank you for recipe. (2) Lot the wrapper bo of bluo sorgo, maroon oaahmore, or pink voihng made in tho primrose shape, trimmed either with llosa silk embroidery, orowel work, or quilted lace from throat to hom. (3) Parmesan oheeso IB very highly flavoured and ia obtainable in Sydney. (4) "White llama or veiling, decked profusely with satin killings, whito satin bodico, will mako a nico wodding dress. (5) A brido's travelling costume should bo quiet as possible-dark blue, brown, groy, &o.; (6) No. Writing protty. Will BOO about tho other queries noxt week. Vera (Petersham).-Thann you-min pleasure. " Groy Eyes."-(1) Yes. (2) Point tho toe down and let tho bail of tho foot boar tho walker's woight. H. M. W.-(1) Vory appropriate. Daisy.-Ajoommon oxporionco, and poets havo often waxed eloquent on tho thomo ; but you know "tho last love is always tho best." Your versos, though truo enough, aro not suitablo for publication. Your excuso that they aro your first is really sufficient to mako any editor shy of thom. Amy (Mount Arthur).-Announcements of births, marriages, and deaths aro made in tho JOURNAL at a charge of 3s eaoh. (2) If you toll me the compass of your voice I might help you. (3) Very neat. .j Diana Vernon (Viotoria-Btreot).-Seoreply to" Jeni Baggs'" sooond query. Will give an illustration ßhortly; ooBt about 4¡1 or £1 10s. Toy Loaf (Manoroo).-Gavo tho derivation of the word some weeks back. However, hore it is again. " Mashor" is from tho Gipsy language " MaBhava," signifying " to charm tho oye," though they do not carry out their intention of oharming. Those young gentlemen who array thomsolvos very foppishly are termed mashers. (2.) If the safo can bo suspended tho ants will not troublo you, or if tliis is not practi- cable, lot each log of tho safo stand in a saucer of wntor. (3.) Sunday. (4.) " Olivor and Boyd's Pro- nouncing Gazetteer of tho World" is ono of the best, price 6s. (5.) In issue of March 1 a recipe waa given " Topsy Turvy Tadpolo" for wholosomo oakes, Buh> j ablo for children, (ü.) Very good. M Alfrod Douglas.-Vorv well. ¡ T. V.B. (Allora). -Yours to hand. I GIPSY. ! Communications for "Gipsy" may be addressed oar© of Editor, T. AND C. JorjnNAr,. Social items Bpooially weloomo. ? \ j 