NEW SOUTH WAL ES. Sydney. January 22. The ' Governor has signified his intention of being present at the Masonic ball in the new Masonic flail on Thursday evening. Dr. Drav and a trained nurse left Svdnev on Monday night for Cape Hawke, from whence they will proceed to Forster to attend to the typhoid fever patients there. The Inspector-General of Police has written to] the Under-Secretary respecting the dis appearance of Henry Salway from Dignam's Creek, near BennaguL He says there is no reason for Buspecting foul play, and Salway is supposed to have wandered away and either been lost or committed suicide. The police with the black trackers thoroughly searched, the country for miles around without success. A special meeting of the City Council was held this morning, and confirmed the report of the .Finance' Committee recommending that no water rate be levied, and .that a rate of Is. 6d. in the pound be levied for the general purposes of the city. A large bush'fire has broken out in the scrub near the Waratah Sailway Station. The flames extended a quarter of a mile, and part of the railway fence was destroyed. A spark from the locomotive is supposed to have caused the fire. The dead body of a woman, whose name is unknown, has been found about fifteen miles from Coqnamble, on the Walgett-r oad. The ?pottrmortem examination showed that the woman had beem murdered. Some excitement has been manifested at Lismore consequent on the report that iho Government intend to impose a duty on colonial-made sugar, and meetings have bsen called to protest against the threatened action, as it is considered that at this early stage in the sugar-growing industry,' wnere so much outlay is required, a duty would be ruinous. On Monday the steamtug Comat, with anchors aboard, proceeded to the stranded steamer lismore, and endeavoured to get a line ashore, but failed in the attempt, owing to the heavy sea. To-day the attempt was renewed, and resource was h%d to the Government rocket apparatus from the pilot station, which answered admirably, two shots carrying the line over the Lismore. Unfortunately, however, the warp at tached to the cable parted when nearly aboard the tug ; but two additional cables are now being carted [round, and another attempt will be made to lay the anchor out. The Lismore appears still to be watertight, and , the cargo is believed to be uninjured, and discharging will probably be commenced to-morrow. Captain Alley hopes to get the vessel off at the next spring tides should the weather continue fine as at present. Tenders were opened at the Departmsnt of Public Works to day for the supply of the brake-vans required for the Great Southern and Western railway lines for five : years. - Two tenders have been received, \ but no decision has been arrived at yet. The sum of £2,400 has been placed on the Estimates as a retiring allowance for Mr. W.' Wilkins, Under-Secretary for Public Instruction, who has been some time absent from his duties consequent upon ill-health. Mr. Farnell lias intimated to the members of the Assembly, that it is the intention of the Government to introduce a clause in the Land Bill authorizing the holder of a bona fide pre-emptive lease to convert the same into a' conditional lease for five years, with right of purchase at the end of that period. It is declared by the members of the Opposi tion that there is no foundation for the state ment that they will combine to a man in maintaining the rent for Crown lands as pro posed by tha Government in the Land BflL The' weather to-day wa3 oppressively warm. ? - ? ? . * . . ? ? . ? ~ '.- 