I/lfl VILLIP'R BSCUA I,. (FROM OURs OWN CORREPONDEiT). Wednesday, 17th December. Christmas is tast approaching; a fat.i hoe ca arcely credit when the weather and the state of the roads are brought into consideration. There is more water lying about the forest now that at atny timne during the winter, and the wcathcr to all appearance shosis no inclination to shange Ibr the better, and this at a tim;e ol the year when thoughts of bushfires usually present themselves to one's mintd, and when, "not to put too flue a point on it," same selectors begin to pray for a good bethtire. ''Things in general are very quiet, ith amtount ofwet greatly militating against thecrop of small fruits, which this season is veiy prolific. huch magnificent straw berries, raspberries, currants, and goose berries as are grown by the selectors " here has never been my lot to witness before, and the demand is in excess of the supply. : In the shape of holiday making, things seem a bit unsettled and mixed. Last year -we had two picnics--one for the school children of Irrewillipi: East and a family picnic. The origin of the latter -is due to the Misses Ching, Arnold, and WVilliamson, who formed themselves into a committee and sent invitations around t th'ibe neighbors to join them in a family picnic, each family to bring a basket of provisions, which, when the groind was reached, was distributed about in a social way, and a capital day's enjoyment and fun was spent in a pretty spot on the Corangamite estate, kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. W. A. Armstrong; the whole finishing up with an enjoyab'e night's dancing for the young folks at \- the residence of Mr. Ching. The fair committee decided to make it an annual . affair, but this year certain partiesjealous of their success, and wanting to get at the head of affairs themselves, have tried all in their power.to get the site fer ho'ding the picnic altered and the dance made public by holding it in .the Odlfellows' Hall. To achieve this object the former 'ommittee was quietly ignored, .aid a .meeting of young men called to arrange ,attera. The only arrangements made, as \- fr'ii-I car'learn, were thattlie dance be held in the. hall sad that some.one be ,mployed to inake tea - No committee -was formed to carry matters through; they trust to luck for music, and made no provaision for the :inner- man. Rumor . says they are to have the scraps left over From the picnic,- bnt surely no band of .young fellows will be mean enough to .havre that said ot them, that after arrang iag to hold a dance they will gather up :-the scraps to feed theii guests on. M advice to them is, let well alone and leave the matter in the committee's hands, who are q1ute competeat to carry the aflair through 