AGRICULTURAL MOTES. The spell of very hot weather which was expected has come and gono, Sunday last beiog \he hottest day experienced this year. It was very trying to both man and beast, and fortunately did not last long. Fires were csturaily looked for under the circum stances, and a few occurred, but not to the extent one would have thought would have been the case. Ko accounts of serious damage to crops hav 3 reached u?, aud there has eo far been an extraordinary freedom from bush fires. This, it is to be hoped, may j be taken as an evidence of great care having ! been exercised by those residing ia the country. If tfcis Toe so, then, encouraged by past experience, let our country friends per severe in their care and watchfulness, for another spell of hot weather may be looked for shortly, snd unless great caution be exer cised it may unfortunately happen that we may suffer in this respect as mush as the neighboring colonies have done this season. Agricultural matters in Victoria are thus reported on in the Melbourne Leader of Saturday last:— 'Tbe weather during the past week has been dry throughout nearly the whole of the colony, only from Gordons is there a report of a good rain having fallen, acd light shovers in one or tsro j other places. Even in Gippslaad, where great heat has been experienced, the water holts and other water reserves arc fast drying up and the rivers are already greatly lowered. The temperature Ihroughout the colony has been very changeable, and generally the nights have been cool. There have been heavy squalls in a great many districts, which have caused seme damage to the crops, hundreds of bushels having been left in the fields, but hot ?wirjds havicg been nearly altogether absent, i he wf ather has been, upon the whole, favor- ] able for harvest operations, which have bsea carried on with great briskness, and are ! finished in all the earlier districts, and thresh- i iDg machines are now busily at work. Re- I ports of the yields continue good, and our ! estimate of the jield ia likely to be fully realised ' The pews from New South Wales is of a niCEt disheartening character. The Sydney Mai of the 12th instant says -.—'The weefe of j which this Lsufc chronicles the close has beea ? one of the most unfavorable in many points '. known in this colony for several years. The ' beat from the coast to the Darling has been ! intense. Bush fires have been raging ia ' Liarly all localities; standing crops, thou- I etnds cf acres of gras*, farm buildings and bc-mc^tcads have been destroyed. Vegetation is ltlt in a parched condition, and throughout the colcriy much damage bat been done. Tho ccaat baa suffered least, but in Moray a and ! and in Bega bushfires have made sad havoc. ; Near Witdsor many fine broad paddocks have be-n stripped of their grass. In the south around VVsgga Wsgga farms have been ' devastated. Und-r such' conditions it is not likely that tbe pastoral lands of the west are improved. Frcm imrjy parts stock arc being thifted in wholesale nuinb.rs. The run- : holders of New England, who have been moro foitunate than their fellow workers, are be- ' ijef.ed by owners cf stock who are willing to ; pay high rates fcr the me of paddockB. Apart i from tbe weather, the wheat crops are now ' nearly all garLered, and the wool season is ? retr its close. There have been good crop3 j of g:ain and hay stored, but so great is the ' demand for dry fodder that the markets are riaiDg.' The- latest news from Queensland ia of a Eio.ilar ticor to that which we published last week. About an inch of rain bas fallen in | Bribb&r.e;, br-t in the country districts the j drought ia still very severe. Cattle are dying ; in ah directions ; ». cither gra;s nor water is to be. fcucd, and r&ln; is most urgently needed. What the consequences will be If the much-needed moisture does not come seen it is of course impossible to say, but that immense loss will occur is very certain. Agricultural matters in Great Britain are thus referred to in the Slark-Lanr Es2-ress, of December 3:— 'DuriDg the past week tae weather has been fine, and for the tno3t part mild, but tbe temperature has been rather lower towards its close. The land retniins vetj wet from the excessive rainfall of the previous week, but the young wheats retain their healthy and promising appearance.' The manager of the experimental farm at Dookie, in Victoria (Mr. 'Herdman) has fur nished the Minister of Agriculture with a report containing some interesting particulars with reference to experiments with Hybrid Chawplain wheat. He says : — ' Two seasons &go; 1 received a small parcel of wheat from California, weighing S ozs., and sup posed to be rust-proof. As to its rustre sisting qualities I caunot say much about it, as rust has not shown itself on the farm for the past two seasons. The name of tho wheat is Champlain Hybrid— a good bearded wheat. It alBO proves to be a good yielder. The Sozs. was put in the previous Boaion, and gnvea'ieturnof 10 lbs., or at the rate of 33 bushels per acre. On the 15 th of Miy last I put in 14 lbs. of the above on ground from which we had taken a fourth crop, and on the 13th December we reaped it and threshed it by hacd. It produced 10 bushcl3 1 5ths of green wheat, betides screenings, or at the rate cf 45 bushels per acre, whish shows well fcr its producing qualities, as we sowed white Lamas wheat alongside of it. aad only got a return cf 22 bushels per acre.' At a trial of strippers and winnowers held at Shcpparton, in Victoria, recently, a great improvement was shown and attracted much attention, in the winnower of Messrs. J. Nicholson & Co., who were awarded the gold medal for the best stripper and another gold Eizdal fcr the be=t winnower. The improve ment consists («ays the LiarJ'r) of the self acting drake screen working on revolving rollers, whereby the friction is reduced, and the screen ia allowed the more easily aud perfectly to act in preventing an undue ac cumulation of grain. The rollers are the in vention cf Mr. P. Young, Little Collies street cest. Whether wheat straw should be burnt after the strippe-r has done its work, or should be utilised as feed, is a subject on which great diversity of opinion exists, and will no doubt continue to exist. The Melbourne Lt-ader, in dealing with the subject, says — 'Tho disposal of wheat straw after the stripper is a subject tbat has excited a con siderable amount of controversy, the prac tice of bumjcg being generally condemned as injurious and wasteful, and that the gain to the farmer woull be greater if the straw were eaten by cattle along with roots, oilcake, or any other substance that would assist in laying flesh on the asimals, and at the same time increase the volume of manure, the application of which to the land would confer a greater benefit than could be obtained from the ashes of the straw. This view of the matter ia no doubt the correct one, both scientifically and practically ; at the same time there are advantages in the burning of stray on the ground, besides tho mere valao of the ashes ; there may be a large amount of benefit from the destruction of the seeds of weeds, eggs, and spores of injurious insects or fungoid parasites; acd there is also the fact tbat the charring given to the smface is beneficial — at any rate to some soils. Some soils are strikingly benefited by such a sur face charring, while others show no good results, and some seem to be rendered more liable to run into a compact crust after the operation. The burning should leave the surface black and full of bits of charrred twigs, leaves, roots, &c.; If the heat is so great and long continued as to develop a brick- red color, the effect is bad.' A correspondent of the j\v;c York Tri bime sends to that paper the follow ing communication on the benefits arising from beating the soil :—' Many years since I read somewhere that hcatiag the soil would in many cases produce a greater effect than the application of a heavy coating of rracuie, and it was a«ked whether some in expensive method might not be devised by which it could be heated aud its fertility thereby increased. Some years after, on part of a meadow on which the grass was partially killed, a large quantity of weeds sprung up; these were ripe aad full of seeds at the time of cutting the grass, and not wish icg to spread them over the farm by taking them to the bam, a large two-horse load was fathered up and drawn on to an adjoining tic-Id which was being prepared for whea', and tliere burced. While thty were burning, tbe statement 1 bad read was recalled, and resohing tu f.ist it I p.-ocuiei a nlijrel, and after tbe lire was out carefully reoiovcd sU the athts and spread them ft'o;-iit -m^ place en wbich the w«-ds bi-i b -^ burned. In ciue time tbe fir-id s-a-» 5»5tq towb;at, acd tiie ^f^^l--, ar h ar ---c-5 ?, *;?- tbEt as far as tht ^r.-iunfj r-.nd h ? c hi kti/il by the fii'fl lbn ocp «&??: nearly -iou'-i-j-i n, :-i wss from G t« S in«.:hca t«U--r lha i ou i.h» land immediately stfj lining. Tiie strav was also very bright brjdu'eaij, Walloon ot.ner pares of the field it was slightly rusted. The crop was not pcrerp'ilj'y increased ftbf-e ;.he aihes were tpresd. I would say tbat I hive never seen anv very marked effect prciuotd by the use cf ashes on my farm. In this case it would sccai that the effect could only be attributed to the beating oE the ground, as Ibe ashes were all removed as soon as they were burned and before aDy rain had fallea en them.' ProfesBorThoroid^Rogcrs has written to the Lcndcn Tinn:s as follows on the subject of ensilage :— 'A good many per;ons have been iBEkiug experiments 'on ensilage during the past j«.ar. But nearly all have tried it with a view to eeeirjg whether green forage would keep sound in an airtight and watertight pit, duly weighted on the surface, in default of being absolutely cloted. That it would keep under such conditions ought to have gone without asking. What ensilage does is to (1) {increase the nutritive power of green fcrege: (2) to obviate waste; (3) to save tiaie ; (4) to increase the productive powers cf the EoiL It does the first, if in no other way, in makiag the forage more digestible ; the sccor-d, by saving a deterioration by ex- j posure to weather ; the third, by putting the ! lca&t; possible time between cutting and j storing ; the fourth, as a sequence of the third, by enabling the farmer to cut a doable crop j early, by giving him opportunity for enlarging bis stock of cattle, and by enor mously [increasing the amount and value of manure. 1 Know irom tiie correspondence | which I have had (at one time nearly that of j a department in a Government office) thifc j the construction of eilos is going on on the new plan practised in tbe United States, and sketched in iny little book on the subject, in India &&d; Australia, as well as generally in Europe. A day or two ago I gave leave to a correspondent to translate my book on erjsilagc into Swedish. Most English siJos of wliie^i I have read arc made iu too shallow masonry. It stands to reason that this increases the expense per cubic yard. They should be frcm 20 to 25 feet deep if they are to be made in the cheapest way. I believe that ray friend Mr. Samuel Whitbread lias made the best hitherto constructed in Ecglatd. The main object of ensilage is to get two cropa a year off tbe same laud. Silos are profitable if they obviate loss ; most f.aicful when they increase produce. Had silos been ccrcmem in Ecgland, millions o! pounds worth of fodder would have been taved last summer, and not much less worth of aftermath would be saved now.' 