\- HAM6IITON. (mraO OUn owa COR.RES.ONDE r.) 'I Bnppose yozrreade-s niist hav thnought that your Hamilton correspondent hadquitted this sublonary sphere, or emigrated to some o fairer clime, because they have not seen any renorts from the" bChicago of the West" for I so many months, but circumstances over which I had no control have prevented me from sending my cnstomary monthly effas ions. The new year has commenced here very F noisily, a nu iher of rowdies treating the rest of the commumnty the greater part of New Year's night to a specimen of what Australian larrilkins can do, if left to their own sweet will. The all absorbing topic at the beginning of this month here, as elsewhere, was the annexationquestion, and although our enthus iasm did not reach as far as a public meeting, I yet the people of Hamilton expressed their entire approval of the energetic steps tak n by our Premier, and their utter disgust of the inceapables who at present role the destinies at the Br.ish empire, wh ch feeling has been 2 ctill more utensilied on reading the contents of the "W\hite Book' published by the Ger msn Government. The excitement caused here by our portion c of the Railway Construction Bill has cooled v down a little, and we are waiting now to see which of the lines granted will be made, but there is but one voice in this district, that the line from Penshurst to Dunkeld is a piece of reckless expenditure, as it runs through a plain not inhabited by arybody. ihat's tihe way the money goes, etc. Ta'king of railways brings me to a severe I lss we are going to oustain in the person of Mr George MIott, the indefatigable secretary of our railway league, who is removing to lelbmrnme to take the management of the "ewly-constructed firm of Gordon and Gotehb. Mr Mott, durin: the whole time of his resi dence among us, has been a very active supporter of everything which had for its oblject the advancement of Hlamilton and the surrounding diutrict, andl it has, therefore, been decided at a public meeting to present him with an address, and some more s b vtanti l token of the estrem in which he is held by all. Our Pastoral and Agricultural Society have published their balance sheet for the past year, which shows it to be in a prosperous condition. After spending about £160 in building, and giving £434 away in pnizeC, besides a number of other exp- nses,they closed the year withll a balance of £22 in hand. The directors of the local Gas Company, in their half-yearly report, express their rearet at the resignation of their chairman, Mr Gee. Matt, who has filled that offiace ever since the formation of the company, and to whose ability and sound judgment a good deal of its success is due. The company appears to be flourishing, for after poving a dividend of 10 per cent., there remains the sum of £417 11s Gd to the creditof profit and loss. Our Rifle Club will hold its a ,nual meet ing next March, and it is expected that the report of last year's doings will be a very flvorable one. At a committee meeting, held last evening, it was decided that the competi:ion for the Ihandsnme sporting rifl., presented to the club by IMr P. Robert-on, shall take place oa the 11th February. The competitors have to fire in military position at ranges of 200, 300, 500, and 600 yards, five shlots at each ranoe. The match will be fired off at the local butts. LTupin Park. Last evening, at the Town lHall, the champion chess player of the world, Mr J. H. Blackburne, played some of the best players in this district. There were six tables presided over by Messrs A. Bloom field, Dr Dickenson, A. Campbell, Louis Horwitz and J. WVest of Hamilton, and Mr T'. D. Clarke of Meerino. Mr II. Black burne sat with his face to the wall. The first five players retired one after thie other, and only the last gentleman held out till the time had expired, the match with him ending in a draw. The Hamilton College is getting its well known headmaster, Mr It. B. de la Peer Wall, back again, that gentleman announcitg that he has taken the building on a five years' lease, and it is fully expected that this fine scholastic establishment will soon regain its former fame and prosperity. The weather has been ve,y changeable lately; on Monday, it was very cold, ashar,. south wind was blowing, and about mid-day we had a heavy downfall of rain. To-day it is very hot, and the smoke seen in a southerly direction indicates some bush'fires--the first this season. 