Stock Movements and State of the Country. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] WARWICK, September 4. The weather continues dry, the days being warm and the atmosphere hazy and dirty. There is no sign of rain, which is much needed. DALBY, September 5. Ths weather still continues dry, and the country is in a bad state, grass and water being very scarce. Great losses of stock are antici pated. TAROOM, September 5. There is no change for the better in the weather. The nights are cold, and dry westerly winds prevail throughout the day. All kinds of stock are getting weaker. The Waterton fat cattle are passing through. GYMPIE, September 4. Clear bright days, followed by chilly nights, with occasional heavy fogs, has been the weather ruling during the week, and there is ne indication of a breaking up of the dry weather which has prevailed so long. TOOWOOMBA, September 7. The weather is still dry, and there are no signs of rain, but it is inclined to be change* able. Rain is badly required, as the young crops are being ruined for want of moisture. September 9. The weather continues dry. It is cloudy to night, but there is little probability of rain NANANGO, August 29. On the afternoon of the 24th instant a very good thunderstorm, with rain and hail, fell about the township, besides some earlier in the day. I was surprised to find the rain only extended a short distance beyond the town. At the present time, I am sorry to say, it does net look like more, and bush-fires are to be seen in all directions. The following stock have passed through the township during the last few days :—On the 15th instant 687 store bullocks from Milton to Tucker Tucker, N.S.W., T. M'Cosker in charge; on tbe 27th instant 830 store bullocks for the Logan, Joseph Jackson in charge; on the 28th 500 store bullocks from the Bowea River to Oressbrook, D. Harris in charge. TOWNSVILLE, August 31. We had a few showers last week. Just enough rain fell to lay the dust and to freshen up the grass. We want rain very badly indeed in this district A south-east wind is blowing, and the sky looks like rain, so pos sibly next week I may bave to record a wel come downfall. ROMA, September 8. The weather is most disappointing, as there has been no rain yet. No stock will travel this way. and the stations are all removing their stock to hired paddocks. September 10. The weather is cloudy, bat there are no in dications of a change. BUNDABERG, September 5. Rain is sadly needed in town and country. Dusty streets and dried-up waterholes, wither ing feed and implantable land, empty water tanks aad diminishing water everywhere, begin to assume serious aspects. September 9. The weather continues dry, and dust storms are prevalent. A slight but ineffectual shower fell on Monday morning. The country is in a bad state. BOWEN, September 9. No rain has fallen during the past week, althought it has looked threatening every day. The weather is now cool and cloudy. JUNDAH, September 9. Five hundred fat bollocks from Mount Ornish passed here lsst week boand for Bourke, Mr. Murdoch in sham. The weather is keeping dry. BLACKALL, August 28. Very changeable weather has been ex. perienced this week on the Bsrcoo, but not sufficiently changeable to enable me to report wet weather instead of dry. When I wrote last week the weather was becoming quite warm, if not hot, and rain was expected in consequence. It continued warm until Sunday, when a sudden change took place, and it was once more cold. This continued nntil yester day, when it was warm again. There have been plenty of clouds overhead on some days, but beyond a slight shower of short duration last Saturday nothing has been received from them. We had evidence last Sunday that the ttoe for thunderstorms is approaching, a few mild ones being observable in the south and west oa that day, and a few light peals of thunder were beard in Blackall. I have been fortunate enough this week to have two lots of stock passings to chronicle. On 20th August there were 140 draught mares and geldings, the property of E. J. Stevens, and hound from Straabroke Island to Chats worth, in the North Gregory, Mr. Gillespie in charge. On 21st August, 1000 rams and black entire Canova, the property of Sir Thomas M'llwraith, pasted, bound from Jimbour, Darling Downs, to Ayrshire Downs, in charge of Mr. Boyd. The rams were in splendid con dition, and said to be the best flock that ever passed the reserves. GLAMORGAN VALE, September 7. The weather continues dry; no rain has fallen here for a considerable time; water is consequently getting scarce, and if no rain falls soon our prospect of a summer of plenty will be very poor. Bush fires have just commenced, and the sky is of a cloudy dull appearance. GOOBURRUM, September 1. I hear of a good deal of mortality among stock in this district, and if thu dry weather continues J am afraid we shall have much more. Tbe weather is cold at night and warm during the day. We have had a little rain since my last, but more is needed. Water is becoming very scarce, and ths pros pects are not encouraging. ALLORA, September 6. THE rain still keeps off and the weather continues dry. There is no grass, and stock are in low condition. Fears are expressed as to the wheat being able to stand this weather much longer. Already some paddocks are looking bad, and the crop is very much behindhand. All the lucerne sown about here this year has failed, and in some instances the second sowing has also failed. Yet storekeepers are only giving 3s. 9d. a bushel for corn, and I hear the Warwick store- keeper are only giving 3s. 6d. I believe the price of corn is being kept down by the intro- duction of oats from New Zealand, where they have been selling at 6d. a bushel. However, if this weather continues much longer, although it may enable some farmers to work off their bulk of chaff and ease the glut in the Brisbane market, there will be no wheat crop. Several wells have gone dry, and many farmers have had to cart water some miles from the creek to their farms. There is, however, plenty of water in Dalrymple Creek. If this sort of winter continues as it has done for the last few years, farming about here will collapse alto- gether, as no crops will stand these successive droughts. The weather of late has been sultry, with promise of thunderstorms, which, when they come, will be gladly welcomed by all about here. WELFORD, September 10. Twenty-four thousand ewes passed here on the 9th instant, in good condition, bound from Victoria for Isis Downs, Messrs. Oliver, Smith, and 00. owners, Mr. H. Gilbert in charge. LAIDLEY, September 7. The chief topic of conversation here is the weather. Once more the farmer has to face what at present bids fair to be one of the worst seasons we have had for years. Of course, a few hours' rain would alter all this, but unfortunately tbe rain does not come. Our two last seasons have been dry ones, and now the ground is thoroughly dried or parched, I might say. It is now about six years since we had a good wet season ; conse quently, where the ground is a bit moist it is only on the top. and now a dry season, with the ground in that state, would mean ruin to many. The dwellers on tbe creek have a remedy in their own hands if they would only combine and use it; I mean irrigation. Unlike most river land, our land slopes from the creek, so that it would be an easy matter to pnt the water over tbe land if it could be got to the surface; but therein lies the difficulty, as the means to raise it costs too much unless the farmers would combine, and this is what will have to be done before long. As I have said before, then, and not till then, Laidlev will take her proper place as the greatest producing district for its size in Queensland. At present it is becoming a serious question whether we shall be able to feed the horses. There is a good bit of early corn planted, which looks pretty well at present; the potatoes, too, are coming up fairly welL What we want now is a good thunderstorm; let us hope we shall get it before long. COOKTOWN, September 10. Strong couth-east winds have prevailed during the last few days, and the weather has been showery along the coast. From the 2nd in stant to date the maximum shade temperature at noon was 80*; minimum, 78'; lowest reading, 68*. The rainfall during the same period was 0-54in. DARLING DOWNS, September 10. There sre passing Goondiwindi 2000 fat wethers from Merriwa. consigned to T. G. Robinson and Co. for sale. Stock of all sorts falling off in condition. The weather still continues dry, with no ap pearance of a change. 