THE result of the second Court-martial in connection with the mutiny of the artillerymen at QueenscliS, is much •mere satisfactory than the resul' of the previous^one. The members of the first Court-martial seem to have been .unduly inflated with the idea of their own importance, with the consequence that the Supreme Court is being moved to quash the iidiculously severe sentence imposed by that first Court-martial. Had the proceeding, of the first Court-martial been tempered with discretion neither Parliament nor the Supreme Court would have been appealed to. We do sot suppose that any sane person would for one moment urge that the refusal of the artillery, men to obey orders should be allowed to go unpunished. The men conceived that tbey were laboring under grievances, and that the only way by which . they could pbtain redress was - to refuse to obey orders on parade. That course was decidedly a wrong one, and in the interests oi discipline required : to be punished, - But it cannot bie urged that to. enforce discipline in the ranks, it was either desirable or necessary to imposethemaximumpuiiiBhmeiit for a first oSpncein itself but trivial. As the firet'Cdiitt-taartial is now under review by the Supreme Court criticism is just now inadmissible. The sentence of the second Court-martial was published in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday afternoon, and Mr Berry's announce-- ment will-probably save the Government from further trouble in connoction with the matter. Mr Berry said the Government had come to a decision that day, and there was not the slightest . reason why it should, got be made known. The sentence in the second Court-martial slightly differed from the first. The sentence was four months' imprisonment with bard labor, and tiie first was e/r months' mth hard. , "-"r. But there was also-a Tecom- 1 .. - - for merey on the part of the mendabou \- .^in reasons were ' ^ ^s necesgiven, and that was why iv.. ' eary to^await the report of the bon,^ of iiiquiry. The Government had re^ solved/" after consultation, 'to reduce thB jterin's pf imprisonment from fo jto.twp months. . This sentence will be carried out in the Melbourne G^ol When the first batch of mutineers was sent to the common pao], that course, Was subjected to - considerable Adverse criticism, and it certainly did appear reasonable: that. mDitaiy oBecdere should be allowed to ' expiate their offences-in a miiitary priBon.:; Colonel Smith suggested nthat the ofenders should be^ incai^ra,^thilitary barracks.* 3 Ifr Beiry'te "rfeply was dear' pd satisfactory. Bfe.^aidT-^pjene re only four crnls tliere."' The accon^odation is insiifficient. and a question raay say.howeyer, that steps were i talon firogni the mat to'Save then iao-1 lat^ fromSihe: otheiianBoners in the , Melbourne Gaol, vSL they are treated j exactly as delinquents from the navy " ' j* "1' similar circumstances. The inspectorgeneral aod governor of, the gallfaire reported that' "these men are kept^by thetnselviBs, "both in the pri80li "midin the yard./ Mr Berry's statements were received with expressions of approval in the ABeemblji 'and tiiey cert£jtfly;.appear io disarm'criticism. Th'ffinling ^fijife Board ot Eoquiry iuto the dispute between the privates aud the officers, has as might have been expected from the first, resulted in ithe^discpmfittirfi of the privates, we'are entitled to place the worst possible. construction upon the board arid its proceedings, seeing that the Press wera.ercluded. If the Supreme Court iuphold.tha-procee'dings iu connection wjtj1 £rgt Court-martial, it may be expected that the sentence on the first hatch of piutineers will be made uniform with that <m the second batch. At any rate that is the proper course &0 purSliBj'^ind /prtfihppe toisee it acted oporiywtiiih^'hope '^iatrthe officers of pur defence forcesB. a .well as , the rank jand file will, .learn .a lesson of discretion from .accent events which will tend to prevent their recurrence., Ttoin the return on the Licensing. Bill moved for by Dr. Quick, end laid on the table of the^ Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, it -appears' that . the population of Dalhousie, on the basis defined by. the Licensing Bill, is estimated at 7,650; per- sens,*- lathe " electorate .there arie 48 liotels ot which 31, would require to be abolished to reduce the number to: the statutory limit defined by the Licensing Bill.'' In Kyneton Boroughs the population is estimated at 4,965 ; the .hotds in existence number 33, which is . 22 above the statutory number, which is il only. . .With regret we notice the death of Miss Margaret'AaSi t Byets,' : the feldest daughter of Mr James Byers, of Baynton, which took place on Tuesday, after a very brief illness. Miss Byers had been residing Jn Kyneton for some months, : but Vent''''beme yesterday week, buing ill at ' r iie' ; 'time, and lying down, never left her bed.. ThecaU9eof death was . congestion xaf the lungs. . Miss Byers, who was a great favorite with all her friends, was but 20 years of age. 1 She recently became a member of the .Baptist Church, and her parents have the satisfaction of knowing that she was fully prepared for the great change. The :/uneral takes place to-day. \--.if • ^Tjhe marriflge of Miss Catherine Slavery, daughter of .Mr'SJattery, a well- known farmer, residing at. Easfcoria/. ^ith Mr John Doherty, formerly of Piper'e Creek, was -celebrated, -yesterday at St JIary's Roman Catholic Church, the officiating cJeigyman beinj» £he Rev Father Nelan. At the conclusion of the jcerem9ny the newly married couple, with ihejr "friends, occupying some fifteen vehicles, returned to Mr Slattery's. residence, where i the afternoon and evening Trere devoted to tbe rejoicangs nsual on ^uch happy toccafflons. .. *. v - • \- The Railway 'Commisuoners have made a further concession in regard to the", Friday .excursion tickets.. Henceforth rer turn tickets at-Friday excursion fares mil be issued between ill stations (those oh Hie suburban lines excepted) by all trains -on Fridays and Saturdays, available for return jip till the following Monday night, nudtill Tuesday night if the sin^e journey be over ibO ihileE.. The jeurney|inust be cpmmenced TDn the^day,'' on^ wnicli the tiWetis tssued, and<annot be 3)roken en route, but a return journey which cannot be completed in one day, through want of train connexions,-may be resumed and finished on the following day. \- The National agricultural Society's horse parade,' which was announced-.to take place on Tuesday, proved a total failure. It simply "lapsed" through the society not taking any active steps towards ensuring its success. It was no doubt found tbst it would be impossible to hold a successful parade on thejday before the show at which owners intend to exhibit their .horses,_ but the .committee might at least have intimated thatihe intention to hold the parade had been abandoned. All those who attended the yards were ^busy making preparation for the exhibition, and it is -a mystery to the Age bow the originator' of the "idea of holding the parade, or those who sanctioned the propos^ could have entertained any hope of its being successfully carried out . : The JMelbonrne correspondent of; the Ararat Advertiser writes that a .peculiar thing among the natives in the interior is that they seem to have a marked -fear land, uneasy feeling about "one big feller fire,^ that is to come from " along a ground but the white people have hitherto been nqable to discover., whether this refers to a'volcano or the orduuuy bushfires that devastate the Australian bush, though up to the present the b&lanee; of evidence is in favor of the former. ' - f The new Wesleyan church at Malmsbury has beep .completed,; and will' b£ opened on Sunday next, when the Rev^ •E.' S; Bickford, of St. Kilda will preach? 1 A tea and public .meeting will be held on Wednesday'next, and special services jvill be held on the two following Sundays. 1 , The licensing question is occupying Ithe attention also of the Queensland Parliament.' Op Tuesojay the Premier in moving the second reading of the Licensing Bill, said that the bill would provide for better houses and abetter class of publicans, and the bill would tend to encourage gpod i habits throughout tile colony. - Tbe whole of the business of -the licensing board ' would now fee entruSted to licensuig jus-' tices.'' The bill makes provision for i granting - temporary licenses in: towns 1 of mushroom growth, such as goldfields, and also prpyides for an additional, license fee' of £10 for an additional bar in'hotels. It also provides against ^applying children under the age' of li witfi uquoir, anW persons under :1J3 are not allowed to conBUn^e ! liquor on the premises. Liquors, except measure, Th@ bill als.Q proposes that b'censed houses shall be open from; 6 \- '-.lock in the morning. until 1J at night, u J - " be eloped all Sunday, ti is proand shaix . '; new license for selling T posed to grant _ " -' > -^mier stated that 'colonial wines." The''*,. — '^mentjof he was not opposed to the ampi^ ; barmaids 1 .' : .'-i • • : ;.-•:" • • Mounted-constable Bell "who"has I for a some time past, been, Btationed..,at '3Veptham, has Seen iransferred to Gtmbower. t a ^J^ke. .tiie "place of JMoun ted-constable b Shanksj -who recently abscMnded. • " ! w icsb . ..v--j—=.—-pi^paxeiyby order ofthe Government 4or -distribntiop q t Tlie information regarding the«61ony.and o t ^ rssoirea-isV^ry coaiple'te-jland shShlS t Be x suffifeieht "ti (show intending immigrants, -1 , , ft&^ctdrials . - i' molt desirable M ying tfe ^ ^ ^ ^ .J- ^CL 1 - JU The Avitrak, mission by4he 4 illustration wH^wfliffiprcSost lib Spring fashions! ' """" A rather sensational scene was witnessed since. A non-enmmiKaion«l loffiner W«R ^ ' - non-commissioned * wmmjssioned jomoer Joffioer was drflling^!squad qf i^en' wh& 'iheiKffe of one of"tHe-tommiisibnfea Officers rode up •'(^b^ebac^.Andp&eniptairUy.dema.nded;, . to know why her servant had been sent to the guard room. The non- ebttmiasioned officer replied that while the man was a member erf the Artillery firce lie would be treated* the same as any other Soldiet, whereiipoln the kdysaidito-him. "Ton should halt your men while . speaking, to me." TheJ noncommissioned officer, though indignant at being spoken to in eoch a manner before the whole squad, was still cool and collected, and he rejoined, " I take my orders from my superior officer, Madam." And the lady retired. 