NEW ZEALAND. By the a.s. Rotomahana we have received the following summary of New Zealand news, compiled by our Dnnedin correspondent up to the 29th January: Ministers continue to travel extensively abont the colony. The Premier (Mr. Stout] and Minister of Mines (Mr. Larnach) have set oat on a tour over the West Coast gold fields. The Minister of Public Works (Mr. Richardson) has been in Dunedin, and in tended going to Invercargill, but was called back to his home at Christchurch by news of sickness in his family. The Native Minister (Mr. Ballance) is in Auckland, where he will meet another batch of Maoris. Sir Julius Vogel remains at the Waiwera curative springs. Mr. Stout's recent address to his constitu ents in Dunedin has been received with dis appointment in the country. The criticisms of the press are almost entirely unfavourable. The LyUekon 't imet, the strongest supporter of the Government, though it commented on the speech, expressed no opinion. The other papers condemned it as being simply an address to the hon. gentleman's constituents instead of, as was expected, a Ministerial manifesto to the community at large. The utterances on the local Government question, in regard to which it was understood he would fully expose the mind ot the Ministry, were regarded as vague and sketchy. The Auckland Chamber of Commerce has asked Sir Julius Vogel to deliver an address in that city. The man Sheehan, accused of the Castle^ town-Ro^he murders in Ireland, is stall under remand in Auckland. A detective is on his way ont from England, but will not arriveior a month. A serious flood occurred at Greyraonth, on the West Coast, at the beginning of this week. The principal damage was tne wash ing away of part of tho Cobden -bridge across the Grey, which was in course of erec tion. The total loss to the contractor ll abont £3,000. Judge Ward has been urging the employ ment of an official shorthand writer for each of the superior courts, in order to save time and relieve the judges of the labour of note taking. In Dunedin J. Scott and Hancock, a famous English pedestrian, have had a 24 hours' walking match. Hancock, who was unwell, stopped at 100 miles, when he was seven miles behind. Scott, did 114 milea There is to be a 48-honrs match at the time of the Dunedin Cup meetin, for which Kaynei and others from Australia are entered. Inter-provincial bicycle races (amateur) tool place at Christchurch last week. The cham pion mile was won by Langdown. of Chriat church, in Smin. 9sec; his principal op ponent was CuUen, of Dunedin, whom he beat by 80 yards. The 10-mile was won by Baldwin, of Dunedin, who got 350 yards from Cntten (second). Time, Slmin. 45sec. Langdown did not compete. Destructive bush'fires have occurred in Hawke'B Bay and atCorociandel, Auckland, A sawmill, with some cottages, were burn) at Hawke's Bay; and atCbromandel the Bis marck Gold Mining Compatiy'sbatteiy wai destroyed. Mr. Gerald Massey ts lecturing in Dnnedin, where also Miss De Grey and Company have opened in comedy. The Ward-Vernon season was even more successful _ financially 