Wat %c$hz\hx. THE DISCOVERERS OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. THE VOYAGE OF CAPTAIN MATTHEW FLINDERS. ' The men whohave really lived are those who have made great discoveries,' says a celebrated writer. Keen may be the pleasure and excite ment experienced by the look-out at the mast head who spies the first outlines of an unknown coast, but greater still must be the joy of the commander of the vessel to whom falls the honor of discovery, and whose voice can im mortalise the names of friends or patrons by bestowing them on the islands, bays, and head lands, which he meet3. To some of the old navigators gold was the power which attracted them to dare the perils of unknown seas, but to others, as to him of whom we have to speak, a noble love of investigation was sufficient to nerve them to all that courage and energy could accomplish. At the opening of the present century that part of the great southern continent which we now call South Australia was almost wholly undiscovered and unknown. From the head of the Australian Bight to the western boun dary of Victoria a long dotted line stretched across the sailing charts of the period, bearing the inscription 'unknown coast.' It was to dispel this ignorance that Captain Matthew Flinders, who had devoted his life to the task of exploring the coasts of Australia, set forth upon his great voyage in the year 1801. But in order to render honor where it is due we must step aside for a moment to give a word to an old Dutch navigator who sailed along the precipitous and inaccessible coast line which extends from the boundary of Western Australia to the head of the Great Bight long before any English vessel had cut the waters of the [southern sea. This was the captain of a ship bearing the quaint title of the 'Gulden Zeepaard' (or the 'Golden Seahorse'), outward bound from Holland for those rich islands of the East whence her commerce was drawing golden tribute for the merchant princes of Rotterdam. Probably some terrible storm in the Indian Ocean had thrown the vessel out of her course, for the curt recital that has come down to us merely says that 'in the year 1627 the south coast of the Great Southern Land was acci dentally discovered by the ship Gulden Zeepaard, outward bound from the Father land, for the space of 1,000 miles.' Dutch records of that date are apt to be painfully concise, for it was a part of their exclusive policy to suppress all accounts of discoveries which might, if published, have brought other nations into competition with them . in the trade of the far east. Nor has modern re search brought any further particulars of this old voyage to light. Fame has not even pre served the name of the captain of the Gulden Zeepaard, who has left us, as the only relic of his discovery, a little map in which the out lines of the Bight and Nuyts' Archipelago are shown with as much accuracy as is to be expected from the rough navigators of that age. On board the vessel was a Hol lander of distinction named Peter Nuyts, who was going out as envoy to Japan, and in honor of him the newly-discovered territory received the name of Nuyts' Land, a title which it long retained, and which may still be seen on some old maps. No doubt the Dutch, who had sailed along the precipitous cliffs of the south ern coast for some 600 miles, bore back with them no inviting recollections, and for more than a century and a half no other explorer sought to penetrate in this direction further than the Golden Seahorse had ventured. It was on a beautiful summer'sday— July IS, 1801 — that a barque which had been lying off .Portsmouth for a couple of days, making her last preparations for a long voyage, weighed anchor from Spithead. Taking her course down the channel she left the high chalk cliffs of the Isle of Wight behind her as the sun went down. This was the Investigator, a barque of 340 tons, placed by the British Government under the command of Captain Matthew Flinders, for the purpose of continuing the exploration of the great land which Cook had discovered in the southern seas. The instructions which Flinders received from the Lords of the Ad miralty were to run down the coast of New Holland from 130° east longitude to Bass's Straits, thence to pass on to the settlement at Sydney, in order to refit and take in sup plies, after which he was to return to the work of exploring the southern coasts. The East India Company also took a lively interest. in the enterprise, from which the directors doubtless expected to reap their own harvest in the shape of increased trade with newly-found lands. They gave £600 as an allowance to the officers and men of science accompanying the expedition, promising a like contribution at the conclusion of the voyage. On board his ship Flinders had a complement of eighty-eight men all told. This included the officers, as well as an astronomer, a naturalist, a painter of natural history, a landscape painter, their four servants, a botanic gardener, 1 and a miner. For defensive purposes the Investigator carried eight carronades. These, however, were not likely to be required, although England and France were at war at the time, for a passport had been obtained from the French Minister of Marine, by which the Investigator was allowed free entry to all French harbors, and immunity secured her from attack by any ?war vessels belonging to the republic. A similar courtesy had been extended a- year previously by the British Government to the exploring expedition of Captain Baudin, the ground for these mutual concessions being that the voyae-es were undertaken ' for the purpose of extending human knowledge, and of assur ing the progress of nautical and geographical science.' Most unfortunately the passport granted to Flinders could, by a severely literal interpretation, be understood to safeguard him only so long as he was in command of the Investigator ; hence, as we shall see, his home ward journey was almost as long and as troubled as that of Ulysses. The Lords of the Admiralty of that day had not chosen the leader of the expedition without due consideration of what he had done and what he was fitted to do. 'Born at Donington, in Lincolnshire, in the year 1774, Flinders entered the merchant service early in life. In 1795 we find him a midshipman in the royal navy on his way out to Sydney, then a penal settlement whose commencement only dated back seven. years. This was therefore new country, and the authorities of the young colony took little interest in exploration. This was only another incentive to the ardent mind of the young officer, and henceforth the examination of the Australian coasts became, as he himself tells us, 'the darling object' of his ambition. His journeyings in the little boat which he and his companion called the 'Tom Thumb,' their excursions into un known bays and rivers where the white man's step had never penetrated before, their adventures and 'hairbreath 'scapes' amid crowds of wild blackfellows read like the reali sation of a schoolboy's dream. In 1798 he took a bolder flight, when he and his friend Bass sailed from Sydney in a large decked boat and examined the Victorian coast as far as Western Port, accomplishing their work and effecting their return in less than three months. The Investigator touched at the Cape of Good Hope to refit, and then continued her long journey across the Indian Ocean. By the end of the year the explorers reached the south-western coast of Australia, and sighted the lofty promontory of the Leuwin. Thence they passed through the midst of the Recherche Archipelago, which had been named and ex plored by D'Entrecasteaux in 1792, and on January 28, 1802, they reached the furthest limits of previous exploration, and left behind them the long barrier of precipitous cliffs which baffled and turned back the old Dutch navigators. ' Beyond this all was unsur veyed country, possessing that undefined charm which attaches to the unknown ; and we can well believe that Flin ders's adventurous heart beat high as he entered upon the real object of bis journey. Hitherto the coast had been uniform and un sheltered, but on the date mentioned a large opening which offered protection from the inrolling ocean was discovered, and named Fowler's Bay after the first lieutenant of the Investigator. A party which went on shore to examine the country and search for fresh water, was unsuccessful in the latter quest, but found many, traces of inhabitants though none were seen. The footprints of dogs were also numerous. The heat experienced was considerable, the thermometer standing at 98' in the shade. A few teal were shot on the beach, but as neither water nor fuel could be found no stay was made, and Flinders next de voted his attention to investigating some of the larger islands of Nuyt's Archipelago. These desolate granite rocks appear to be identical with those roughly outlined on the old Dutch charts, and Flinders, ever generously willing to give credit where it belonged, gave the archipelago the only name which has survived the expedition. The old explorers, doubtlessly following the custom of giving newly dis covered land the name of the saint on whose day it was first seen, had called the two groups of islands after St. Francis and St. Peter, and Flinders, after careful identification, retained these appellations. On one of the isles of St. Peter he found the temperature higher than an ythingthey had hitherto experienced, theheat being guessed at 120° in the shade. Not a breath of air was stirring, and the difficulty of progres sion on shore was increased by the deep sand. A few sooty petrels were collected for food. On February 5 the Investigator, still keeping her eastward course, had been out of sight of land for some days when a low sandy coast was descried from the mast-head, and shallow water much discolored by streaks was seen not far from the ship. Native fires were rising in three different epote en chore, but as the difficulties of effecting a landing were great the commander contented himself with naming the locality 'Streaky Bay' from the color of the water. .Thence keeping on a south-easterly course the ship was caught by heavy squalls and rain while working to windward to make the southern extremity of Anxious Bay. In the middle of a dark night the explorers had a narrow escape from ship wreck on the breakers of the unknown coast, and they left the bay its present name as a memorial of the anxiety through which they had passed. Coffin's Bay, the next important indentation on the west coast, did not receive it lugubrious title from any untoward accident which overtook the explorers, but was so called in honor of Vice- Admiral Sir Isaac Coffin. On each side of the bay parties of natives were seen, who appeared to differ in nothing from those found at King George's Sound. They were the only inhabitants who had shown themselves since the latter harbor was left behind, and their presence was taken as a promising augury that better country had been reached. Nothing of importance occurred to mark the coasting voyage of the Investigator until on February 20' she passed through the straits between William Island and the mainland, and the travellers saw to their surprise that the coastline which they had followed for so long suddenly ter minated, and that sea and sky alone met on the horizon towards the north-east as far as eye could reach. Away to the east lay a large island, which was called after the unfor tunate John Thistle, the master of the Inves tigator. Another thing which surprised and at the same time pleased the explorers was to meet a tide flowing through the strait from the north-west at the rate of more than a mile an hour. This, together with the change in the contour of the coast, filled them with hopes of valuable discoveries which they were just about to make, and indeed they were not mis taken. Around the officers' table that evening, as Flinders himself tells ua little was talked of but the prospect of soon finding large rivers, inland seas, and navigable passages leading right through Australia into the vast Gulf of Carpentaria. Such bright hopes infused new life and vigor into every man in the ship, and hearts which had been cast down by the interminable stretch of dreary coast which they had at last left behind them, were buoyant now. They anchored for the night under Thistle's Island, and in the morning the captain and the master of the Investigator landed. The place appeared to have been recently swept by some great bush fire. Traces of the kangaroo were numerous, and a speckled yellow snake was caught alive and its mouth sewn up so as to enable them to carry it back to the ship. As the two men were returning a carious adventure happened to them. 'We were proceeding onwards with our prize,' says Flinders, 'when a white eagle, with fierce aspect and outspread wings, was seen bound ing towards us, but stopping short at twenty yards off, he flew up into a tree. Another bird of the same kind discovered himself by making a mien to pounce down upon us as we passed underneath. It seemed evident that they took us for kangaroos, having probably never before seen an upright g.njfr)^] in the island of anv other species. Tnese birds sit watching in the trees, and should a kangaroo come out to feed in the day time, it is seized and torn to pieces by these voracious creatures.' It was from this place that the lonely Neptune's Islands were sighted far out to seaward, and received the sea-god's name on account of their apparent inaccessibility to human beings. Here the first fatal accident overtook the brave fellows on board the Investigator. Then, asnow, water was the greatdesideratumjn Australia, and Thistle was sent over to the mainland with the cutter and six men in search of an anchoring place where water might be- procured. -As _;the evening shades began to deepen the cutter wnseeen setting -out fromthe coastunder sail onher return to theship, when suddenly she disappeared from the sight of the watchers on deck. The tide was then running so strongly to the southward that there was no doubt all who had been in the boat would be carried out to sea or cast upon the rocks. The increasing darkness rendered search impossible until the morning, and then the lost cutter was found bottom upward and stove in as though she had been dashed against the rocks. In consequence of this sad affair the southern extremity of the mainland received the name of Cape Catastrophe. Further to the north, at the head of Memory Cove, a memorial was erected to the lost men, whose names were engraved on a sheet of copper set upon a stout post. As a further and more enduring means of commemorating the affair Flinders, gave to each of the six islands nearest Cape Catastrophe the name of one of the unfortunate seamen. It was from the hills which rise at the back of Memory Cove that the travellers obtained their first glimpse of a beautiful sheet of water lying to the north — the harbor of Port Lincoln, for thus did Flinders name it after his native English county. Here the Investigator cast anchor on. February 26. Fresh water was the pressing want, and a party set off at once to examine the promising-looking Sleaford Mere, lying a couple of miles inland, but only to be disappointed by finding the water brackish and undrinkable. A hole was then dug within 100 yards of the head of the port; to the joy of all sweet water was struck, and the casks on board were replenished. Near the shore many straggling bark huts were seen, and one morning three or four natives were heard calling to a 'boat which had just landed, but they presently retired into the wood, and no attempt was made to follow them. The' climate was cool and pleasant, with fresh breezes, and often clouded skies, but the general opinion entertained of the surround ing country was not high. 'Water and w*od, which were easily procured,' says Flinders, ' were all we found of use to ships, and for the establishment of a colony, which the excellence of the port might seem to invite, the little fertility of the soil offers no adequate inducement.' On the morning of March 6 the Investigator weighed anchor and directed her course north ward along the coast, which appeared for the most part barren and uninteresting. A visit was paid to Kirkby Island, of the- Sir Joseph Banks group (thus called after the president of the Royal Society), but it was found to contain nothing save a few hair seals. As the explorers advanced, their hopes of being in some great channel which would ultimately lead them to the Gulf of Carpentaria began to be sadly dimmed by the want of boldness in the coast line and the increasing shallowness of the water. On March 7 land was distinguished to the north-east, as well as to the west, and it then became certain that they were sailing towards the head of some large gulf. By the following day the land had drawn in on each side till the sea was only seven or eight miles wide. On the right hand rose a rugged chain of mountains a few miles back from the coast, extending their rounded summits far away into the north, where a lofty peak stood boldly out against the sky. This was called Mount Brown, after the naturalist who accompanied theexpedi tion, while the whole range has since been named after the gallant Flinders himself. On March 10 the widening shoals rendered it advisable that the Investigator should proceed no far ther northwards, and anchor was cast nearly opposite the opening now known as.Yatala Harbor. While the captain, in a cutter, pro ceeded to explore the head of the gulf, the scientists set out on a walking excursion to the top of Mount Brown. Flinders spent two days in examining the ever- narrowing channel right up to and beyond the pre sent site of Port Augusta, and was depressed to find that all hopes of at least discovering the mouth of some large river were in vain. The view northwards and westwards consisted of low marshy ground, mangroves, and salt swamps, and tempted no long stay. The pedestrians to the top_ of Mount Brown re ported that in every direction which the eye traversed lay fiat, woody country, unbroken by rivers or lakes. Fires were found to a con siderable height up the mountain, but no natives were seen. On March 13 the ship spread her sails and got under weigh towards the south, with a light breeze from the north west. The low sandy coast on the eastern side of thegulf wasmerely laid down on the chart, and nothing of interest was observed until the coast terminated in a cape composed of three cliffy points, near which lay a cluster of black rocks. Whatever might lie beyond, the investigation of the gulf was finished, and the time had arrived to give it a name. This honor was conferred on Earl Spencer, the nobleman who presided at the Board of Admiralty when the voyage was planned. On the evening of March 20, while the Investigator was off this dangerous part of the coast, a breeze sprang up from the north-west. It was feared this wind might suddenly veer round to the south-west, as it had often been found to do before, and blowing from that direction place the vessel in danger. Flinders therefore bore away towards the bold coastline showing in the south. This was the northern shore of Kan garoo Island. By 10 o'clock they were close under the land, but finding the situation too exp-ised to anchor they steered eastward along the cliff-lined coast under close-reefed topsails and foresail, and rounding Point Marsden (so named after the second secretary to the Ad miralty) entered a large bay, where they hoped to find shelter from the increasing gale. A safe anchorage was found at the eastern end of the wide bay, which was named after Sir Evan Nepean, first secretary to the Admiralty. It was not long before the travellers made acquaintance with the agile inhabitants from which the island received its name. On the evening of arrival a number of dark objeets seen leaping about near the shore attracted curiosity, and on the following morning these were discovered to be large dark-brown kan garoos feeding by the side of the wood. A grand battue ensued, for the animals were so tame that they made no effort to get out of the way of the sailors until a large number had been slaughtered. The least of them weighed 69 and the largest 125 lbs. Their wonderful tameness showed that the island had no native inhabitants. ' From their misplaced trust in humanity they appear to have, taken the white men for seals— almost their only companions on the lonely coast. Flinders gives the seals credit for more -brain-power than the kangaroos, be cause their actions proved that they did not consider the intruders to be kangaroos. It may be here remarked that at the present time the island knows its old inhabitants no more. The huge marsupial which Flinders and his companions hunted Is now utterly extinct, and, what is much stranger, : it appears to have been extinct before ? 1836\. A Sydney Bhip's captain named Suthet' land found them still very numerous in 181% : but after that they appear to have died ont through terrible bushfires and the hunting of - the few sealers settled on the island. To Flinders' sailors, who had tasted almost no fresh provisions for four months, their flesh was adehghtful repast. Some wallabies were alao shot, and emus' were seen. The thickness and! height of the scrub rendered it impossible for the surveying party to accomplish any thing, and walking inland meant merely scrambling through tangled brushwood. The richness of the soil was highly ' commended, and it was probably this opinion, as expressed by Flinders in the account of his travels, which led the fathers of the colony to attempt the settlement in Nepean Bay in 1836. Looking across the water from Kangaroo - Head, where his ship lay at anchor, the navi gator saw the rocky outline of Cape Jervis, ' and away to_ the north-east a high mountain, ' which from its appearance he named Mount: ' Lofty. On March 24 the Investigator was on her way up St. Vincent's Gulf, creeping slowly . along the eastern shore against unfavorable ? winds and baffling breezes. On March 28 she was opposite the entrance to the Port River, but being some distance - out at sea the break in the coast was not descried by the lookout. At the head of the gulf (named in honor of Earl St. Vincent, «ne of the lords of the Admiralty) a landing was made, where wood was found to be abundant, - and the country sandy and flat. The western ' shore of Yorke's Peninsula (which likewise '. owes its name to a member of the Admiralty of that day) was run down, and then the at- ? tractions of tresh kangaroo drew the explorers ? again across the Investigator Straits to Kan garoo Island. But now the marsupials — had grown shy of the dangerous biped, _ and were already almost as wary as their brethren. on the mainland. As a compensa- : tion, however, a new and interesting discovery was made. At the south end of Nepean Bay ' ; was a shallow channel, giving entrance to a large bat secluded lagoon, on which, lay four, ' ? . small islands. These appeared to be the breed- ' ing places of the pelicans, from the number of ; young birds .observed upon them, while along- - the shores of the quiet sheet' of water Socks of the old birds were sitting, apparently medi- ' tating on. the vanity of life. The numerous . skeletons andbones scattered about and bleach ing in the sun showed for how long a period this had been the undisturbed home of the ungainly fisher. The winter season was now coming on apace, and Flinders was anxious to finish Ms task be fore it set in. So the Investigator weighed anchoroncemore,andpassedoutfromtheshelter of the island into the Southern Ocean through. Backstairs Passage, so named because it struck Flinders as being a sort of ' private entrance' : to the two gulfs, of which Investigator Strait was, so to speak, the front door. A night was:. passedin Antechamber Bay, and then the voyage '.'. '-. wascontinuedeastwardfrom Cape Jervis, along: - a high barren coast, intersected by gullies and . , covered with scrub. * On April 8 Flinders was, . -- withoutknowingityoff the month of the great. . river whose existence had been sormised, and - ' whichit was part of his duty to seek. ; He had . : looked diligently for it where it might be ex- .- pected to be found, and -there it now lay be- - 6indfietreach-CToussandbankswmcTiopposeait!F:^^' — - — free exit to the sea, unnoticed and. unknown. : : .. It was destihea/: that many years should yet .- —elapse before an explorer should make known . ; the spot where the River Murray pours its l tribute into the sea. It was at 4 . o'clock : in the afternoon of this same day that a strange meeting occurred between ~ two vessels in these hitherto unvMted waters. . The lookout on the Investigator reported a white. . . .-' rock far ahead, but on coming nearer this .- proved to be a ship sailing from the opposite .. .- ,. - direction. The stranger was . a heavy, looking; ? - vessel, and as she approached she showed the -. .- . French flag, and afterwards an English Union . Jack forward; the Investigator likewise flew ^ : the colors of both nations, but notwithstand- : , ing these pacific demonstrations -Flinders , cleared his decks for action in case of ant - attack. The French vessel was the Geographe, commanded by Captain Nicholas Saudin, .' who was engaged on the very same task at the ; very same moment as Flinders. No wonder ...- then that the latter called the scene of this , unexpected meeting ' Encounter Bay.', : The ships ho ve-to in close proximity to one another, ? and a boat having been lowered from the In- , vestigator, Flinders paid a visit to the coin- ..: mander of the Geographe, by whom he was . courteously received. Thetwq countries were at ~~ war when the exploring expeditions left Europe, .: but the terms of their passports exempted - them from treating one another as enemies..- ; Had Flinders been two months later in setting : v . ont upon his expedition he would have fonnd _?: himself forestalled, but as matters stood, all .. -. - that Baudin could justly lay claim to was the ?? j : discovery of the south- eastern coast from the ,- - ,: neighborhood of Cape Northumberland to the ; : : point of meeting with his English rivaL -That , * ~ he eventually laid claim to far more than this , . is well known, and it is probable that, the pro- . - longed and un justifiable detention of- Flinders . : - in the Isle of France was,. part .off::fiie ; ?: . . ;. scheme to further which the. French Imperial ', . - --? authorities afterwards claimed for Baudin the. ; prior discovery of both the great gulfs of South. ; .- Australia. The only reasonable explanation of this dishonorable attempt to wrest &om; the .-; explorer the fruits of his labors is that Napo- --' leon had at the time serious designs of , colonising the southern shores of Australia, . and wished to give his . chums the moral support which attaches to the. right ot dis covery. The course of events in Europe soon - . ~. ~ caused those colonising projects to be utterly ??- ''? ' .-.'?' abandoned, and the unfounded portion of , the French claims was soon dropped. . — Baudin, however, is rightly entitled to the . ; discovery of a long stretch of the -south-eastern ;: coastline, and the reconnaissance of the -south-. . em and western shores of Kangaroo -Island, ...?-- besides other parts of Australia with which we . are not dealing here. That either . Baudin or '. .-.' : ' Peron, the historian of bis expedition, willingly advanced these false claims is -not likely, ... and the generous Flinders expressly gives his / opinion that such was not tke case, aad that - Peron wrote what he did 'from overruling \ , authority.' , . Here we must part company with the gal- , lant commander of the Investigator, as far as any detailed account of, his further voyage' J '-.'?:?? is concerned; for here. 'his discoveries .oh. . _- -;? the coasts of South Australia end. .The further : - and more complete exploration which the: Ad- ' . miralty had directed him to pursue after re- : . ? fitting at Sydney was destined to remain un- . : accomplished. A series of misfortunes, which - human courage and human genius could only '- '? ? palliate and not avoid, overtook the daring dis- ; coverer. When he reached Port Jackson the ' - - winter was too far advanced to make an im mediate retnirn to the southern coastsadvisable, ~, and Flinders therefore turned . northwards ' . . * towards the Gulf of. Carpentaria. 7 While' ; he was engaged in surveying 'the shores .. .-. : of this vast bay, it was discovered that the : timbers of the Investigator were quite rotten, : - and the return to Sydney was. acomplished ^ . ' by circumnavigating the Australian continent under constant dangers and trials, many of the men dying through sickness. The Investigator was at once condemned, and Flinders' started for England in a storeship in order to lay his journals before the Admiralty. But misfortune accompanied him — the unlucky Porpoise was wrecked on a portion of the 'Barrier Reef, . and Flinders made the journey - of 700 miles back to Sydney in an open boat. The Governor of Sydney now pro- . vided him with a small colonial-built schooner of 29 tons on which to dare the long voyage back to England: In such a tiny craft it was necessary to 'put frequently into port, and. Flinders, trusting in Ms French passport, - stopped at Mauritius to refit.. There may have been, as we hinted' above, political' ; reasons for his detention, but whatever the -; true explanation may be, it is certain that DeCaen, the Governor of the island, in- - terpreted the passport with cruel accuracy - ' as regarded the letter, and injustice as re garded the spirit. On the pretence that its * protection only extended to Flinders^ while he . he was in command of the Investigator the English captain was arrested and imprisoned. .' His detention lasted over six years, and the mortification which it caused him, following as . it did upon a cloud of other troubles, under minedhls health. He endured great hardships , during the first term of his imprisonment in the unhealthy town of Port Louis, Tint after - a time he was released on his parole from .,- - close confinement, and allowed compara tive freedom in the island. At length, : after long negotiations, his sword was handed back to him by the French authorities on June 13, 1810, and he left Mauritius only a few months before its capture by the British. In England one task alone remained for him, and to that all his remaining energies were de voted. All his charts and papers, with theex- . . ception of his log book, bad been returned to him, and with these materials he set about the compilation of a work which should be woruiy of the important voyages he had ac- . complished. In completeness and accuracy of data, his 'Voyage to. Terra Australia' is : regarded as a model of its kind. On account of red-tape difficulties regarding bis exact status as a prisoner in Mauritius the Ad- . miralty denied him' well -deserved promotion, and only a sense of the duty he had to fulfil appears to have sustained him. After re vising the last proof- sheet his health alto-. .- gether failed him, and on July 19, 1814, the . very day on which his book was given lo the world, he sank to rest. His work was . done. . ~ KT- Hrrt Price Industrial ExWWaon, 18B*. to .' Bankers, Merchants. &c; Cheques, Bate dExctmnge, j BepoaU Beee&ts;, ^taOmm Soft* fimfea* Ao* 