SCRUB LESSEES AT AfcFORD. A meeting was held at AJford, Yorke's Peninsula, on Saturday, March 14, to consider the action of the Government in demanding a year's rent in advance from, the scrub lessees who have already paid up to next October, and who were about to bring themselves under the new -act ny surrenaenng tneir noiaings. \- There was a good attendance of scrub lessees, ' and Mr.. S. Shall, who presided, said.; the \- action - of the . Government in the matter under consideration would prove detri mental to the -interests of the scrub lessees, as many of them had made all arrange ments to bring themselves tinder the new Act. He. with others, had lately interviewed the Commissioner of Crown Lands on. the matter, but the result was very .unsatisfactory, . as that gentleman had positively stated that any lessee must pay before he could benefit by the new Act. In future the rent would be payable on marcn jl. . xiie commissioner naa saaa mat *he clause with respect to fencing -was a mis take, and it was not intended that it should apply ? to ' scrub- holders, r He (Mr. Small) thought that all scrub-holders should there fore endeavor to avoid the clause, as to erect ; fences around scrub to be destroyed by, fire or white ants was folly. Mr. 'McDonald proposed— 'That this meeting memorialise Parliament as soon Jas it meets to strike out the fencing clause in the scrub leases, it being detrimental to the in terests of lessees and contrary to the Act and terms of- their former agreements.' It was pretty plain that the scrub lessees would have to pay the rent as demanded, and this was an unnecessary hardship, as many were not in a jwsition to do -bo. The fencing clause was par ticularly hard on the lessees, as they tad quite enough todo without doing work which he was sure PariiaHient never' intended they should do. The Act stated that they were to have a new agreement on the same conditions as the first one if, they became personal residents, and therefore the scrub holder,-; should demand as their right that the objectionable clause be struck out. Mr. D. McIntosh seconded, and said that every lessee had quite enough to do in clearing his land, sinking waterholes, cutting roads, &c;, without erecting unneces t «aty and expensive fences to be destroyed by ! the first bushfire. The motion was unam f lnously carried. Mr. R. Howard proposed, and Mr. J. Laweon seconded — ' That Messrs. S. Small, George' Heath, and A. McDonald form a committee to prepare the memorial.' The motion was carried, and after some dis cussion had taken place on the Taxation Act and regulations the meeting adjourned. 