The TAMBO TRADE AND TAMBO SCENERY. No. III. Night-time on the water produces a peculiar feeling. It is not, as some Imagine, a: feeling of gloom or' unrest but more one of a predilection for quietude in which dreamy thoughts are indulged in, the past sweeping singularly swiftly before the mental eye, and both the present and shady forecasts of the future being peculiarly intermingled with it. Thus, as soon as the shades of Erebus had enveloped the rivers and the 8ogong and her occupants in their folds, the buzz of conversation seemed by mutual consent to cease, the. silence being only occasionally broken by a command from Skipper Todd, or a shout to some one on shore, awaiting evidently the landing of some stuff, and holding a lantern to indicate where the landing place is. We can see very little of the banks of the river at this time, but can tell that the vessel is now gliding by high cliffs overhanging the stream, and then is skimming over the water past cultivated ground. But a light is seen ahead, and from the pre parations made on board the steamer we keow Batten's landing is being ap proached. " Easy ahead," "Stop her," " Easy astern," and such like orders break the monotony of silence are the steamer, brought;to a standstill along side the landing, and the passengers disembark. Hero we find George Newport with his coach ready to take those who desire it to go to Bruthen, and the darkness, the mild excitement, the coach standing illumined by only the fitful glare of a small lantern, the horses frisky and pawing thie ground, remind one forcibly of one of the changing sta tions on the gluepot section of the old coaching road. At length a cheery " Good night," a crack of the whip, and away the coach goes, leaving behind a few who do nut wish to go to Bruthen and who can be accommodated by Mr. and Mrs. Batten. Our old friend Batten at the present time supplies beds and meals to a few passengers, but intends to go more extensively into that line of business as the trade and traffic develop. He contemplates erecting a commodious house either in close contiguity to the landing or on the top of the hill, or else he will utilise the very extensive receiving store be has constructed for that purpose. Such accomodation would be much appreciated by travellers, for not only would they be saved a continuation of their journey to Bruthen nolens volens, but would have much to see in the vicinity of Batten's. While having a wash we hear Newport urging his horses up the very steep and ugly road, but cannot see tile route, so prefer to have a cup of tea and afterwards a smoke preparatoryy to " turning in," as the old salts say, after a fatiguing day. But we are so close to the bright glare which has been ahead of us since dark that two or three agree to ascend the hill, from which vantage ground we shall, we are told, have a fine view of the bush fire. We start, but by Jupiter it is a stiff pinch, and the corpulent little merchant puffs and blows like a porpoise ere the top is reached, but when the summit has been attained, the sight which meets the gaze is one of the grandest which can be conceived, and worth a long journey to view. Below our feet there is a long stretch of low lying marsh land, beyondl which is what may be termed the commencement of the Valley of the Tambo, the stream at this point turning almost abruptly from east to north, leaving a large easterly belt of valley land. This was all on fire, the flames seemingly running along the groutnd, leaving in their wake high trees on fire, tie lighted branches from which, falling every now and again, serving to keep the ground covered with living embers. The sight was a mag nificcnt one, and we stood contemplating it with rapture, thinking what a fortune could be made were that scene faithfully depicted on canvas, but desiring to mount tihe hill early in the morning in order to view the rising sun, we decide that it is time to go to rest, so we descend and seek our respective couches. When morning dawned we were up betimes, and wending our way to the summit of the hill, prepared to refreshen our memories with recollections of viewing the sunrise from Mount Snowden. In some measure we were disappointed, for over the valley a dense smoke, emitted from the bushfire, served to obscure the view, and at the base of the hills a heavy "mist hung, o.,hich pre vented our getting a good glimpse of the landscape, but we saw sufficient to have some conception of what the view would be on a bright day, and were rewarded for our trouble by witnessing one of the most glorious sunrises imaginable. Looking around, however, we could soee that hops and maize were the principal articles cultivated, and so far as the former are concerned, they appear far in advance of those in the llairnedale dis trict, both respecting looks and luxu lance. Dimmed though the landscape was, still it was lovely, and had one but the ability of a Seohusen, a picture coull be preosented to the publi gage which couhl Iot fail to counalnd admiration. but ws have to descend, and after partakiug of a hasty breakfasst, " All ahoard " is the coemmald, antl n, olboy like loyal travellers. Passing doowo tshe streao in the early meorting is truly onehaoting, alg d tlhe vlriedl views, fromso tieo ssdulsltiohg Rgraintg lulat to tlhe highor cosoootty under s uhttoltivalisoo, theor Jst" highl olitl', sooty ho ltltth, lankso rich oooth,,loro h of cont'olvuhltso and otloer 0I5l tloou'eRs--1ost Iola tioasloot ot thorift soo?,l Ito loostr co to iotot is soosoto tot at-. Oittor0 ? I hO stoo l u sco'hoo lthtt o tti\tttt totI?'? consider in connection with this Tambo trip which must be left to a future time to mention, suffico it for the present to say that for real enjoymentit cannot be beaten. (To Le continued.) 