Small-pox. A FACETIOUS FATHER. On Thursday last the Board of Health received information that two children of a Mr. Macmanus, living- in Beatty-lane, B«dfc!rn, were suffering' from small- pox. The inspecting1 medical officer at once visited the honfi« TTn lnirwVkwl a.h +Jia rlom*. a.na was met by Mrs. Macmanus, who, in answer to the medico's inquiries, said that she had five children, all of whom were quite well and attending- school. The doctor received the answers in good faith, and left without going into the house. On Sunday, however, the police received in formation of small-pox existing in the house, and the inspecting medical officer again visited the place, and found three of the children down with this terrible diseasa. The parents seemed to be thoroughly aware of the nature of the malady from which their little ones were suffering1. ' You' don't seem to realise your position,' said the doctor to the father. The hitter grinned and said, 'O don't I? don't I? yes, I do.'-' ' Don't you know that you are liable to a penalty of .£50?' ' What's the good of that. They, can't get any .£50 out of me. I'm safe enough.' The idea that there was an alternative to the fine did not seem to have struck this facetious gentleman, and when he wns informed of that fact his hilarity ceased. The family consists of nine members ; the father is 41 years of age, and was vac cinated when 10 years old, and shows one imperfect mark. The mother (40) was vaccinated in infancy. The others are — William (16), vaccinated; James (14), vaccinated ; Mary (11), vaccinated ; Catherine (S). un vaccinated ; Thomas (-3), Patrick (5), and Edward (14 months). The three last are patients, and arc all unvaccinated. An examination showed that not only were the children suffering from small-pox, but had been so suffering' for some weeks, one of them having been ill as far back as December 22. None of the children has been attended by a medical man. The whole family have been removed to the North Head. The Government medical adviser has already given ineteuctions for the prosecution of Macmanus for having failed to report the outbreak of the disease. The meeting of the committee of the National Ee gatta will be held this (Tuesday) evening, at Compagnoni's instead of at the Exchange, as hereto fore notified. A large bushfire lias been raging on the railway line between Oootamundra and Gundagai. Several navvies' tents were destroyed. The driver of Cobb and Co.'s coach, with the Sydney mails for Gundagai, had great difficulty in driviug his horses past the names. 