The Weather. j The close of last week brought abuiu a very useful change in the form of rain. It may be said that nearly all parts of the colony received showers, but in some localities the fall was very 'light. Cooiua and Ulladulla head the list in the register, each with 3i inches. Other noteworthy registration is as follows: — Bathurct) 1 J inch; Forbes, 1 inch; Goulburn, II inch; Inverell, If inch; Moruya.j If inch ; Mu3gee, 21 inch ; Singleton, If inch ; Sydney, 1 inch ; Wagga Wagga, 1# inch ; Walgett, | inch; Wollongong, less than halfan inch. These, quantities, although far below requirements, have done much service. The South Coast, especially in the southern parts, has been well moistened. The inch of | rain in the metropolis did good service. The South and West were well served; but the North-west, outside Waria'da, where the fall was very heavy, is still in a bad condition. Hlir PlmionrA Rivni' /wnvicivin ^ nti f v*ntoc nn -tVio OJlfJi ultimo : — Slight showers have fallen again at various times during the week, but unfortunately these are of a. very partial character and confined to narrow strips of country. Just about the neighbourhood of the town has been ex ceptionally favoured in this respect,' and the tanks are thus kept pretty full. The maize required a good soaking, for it was showing signs of drooping and withering in jiJI directions ; and the change in the fidds which have got the needed supply now wear a very different aspect from those less fortunate spots which got a little, but not enough. The hot sun coming after only a slight shower fairly scorches the plant, and it then never altogether recovers. There must nave been some exceptionally heavy showers on the Upper Clarence, for these raised the river there about three feet, but it quickly subsided again to its usual level. Our Mudgee correspondent writes on the 28th ultimo : — The long-desired rain came down splendidly on Thursday morning at about 5 o'clock. For two or three hours previously it liad 'mizzled,' but at that hour it broke over the town and country just around as if the deluge were at hand. In about two hours two and a -half inches had fallen, when it cleared up with promise of more coming. ' The watercourses were raging, and the street waterways were utterly incapable of carrying off the surplus water. 'Conse quently it flooded many residences. On Thursday evening and Friday also more rain fell, but nothing in.comparison to what came on that morning. News from outside says that we had. it heavier in Mudgee than anywhere else. While here 245 points fell, only 50 were received at Gul gong, 18 miles off. Yet. even that little must have been an unmixed blessing. Our farmers were very fearful of the com crop, but now there Is every hope of a good one. Many have the plant well over die pound, and m such a condition a week or two more drought would cause it to die off. These are now busy hilling it up, while others axe h astening to Kpt some in. The wheat crop will benefit very little, most .of it being too far advanced. There are some very late crops : these may be improved, hut the proportion is very smalL The bush'fires which I mentioned in my last as raging all around have been extinguished ; not, however, before they did a lot of damage to fences and pasture. 'Mx. Meets, of Bara, says that miles of his fencing have been swept off. Where the gts£s has been burnt off the wiin*ill cause* new shoot td^ring^ so that in a' week or two those places will be greener than ever. The wheat crop, as was feertd, will be vwy email this time. Three, four, and* up to seven bushels will be about the average of those who have any. We hear of no greater averages except in one or two instances, where the conditions woe exceptionally favourable. 