CHINESE AND EUROPEAN GAR DENERS. TO THE EDITOE. Sir— I am pleased to know that the members of the South Australian Gardeners' Society have objected to any comparison beiner made at their meetings between them selves and Chinamen. I have noticed remarks for some time past from editors of papers respecting Chinamen not at all complimen tary to English or colonial gardeners, such as ' English gardeners, go and learn from the Chinamen. What wrinkle can the China men teach English gardeners ? Their method of stunting and deforming forest-trees, grow ing them in small pots until a great age, train ing some of the roots higher than the topmost branches — it is not worth learning. People generally admire what is useful and orna mental, noble forest-trees, fully developed, giving shade and shelter, and of com mercial value in their end, having made the world pleasanter to live upon, My opinion is that Chinamen's plans of grow ing vegetables have an indecent haate about them when they get manure from earthpits to force things on the way it is done in Chinese gardens. I would not eat things from a Chinese garden or Sewage Farm if I knew it. I will give some reasons for this statement, and some simple remedies. I don't think our science teachers will contra dict them. My horses have often been offered green grass, oats, barley, or wheat grown from land manured shortly before with stinking manures and they would not touch it, but would readily eat what was grown from sweet soil, although in appearance it was not half as good. I do not doubt the palate of horses, cattle, or sheep in a case of sweet green feed. Their taste has not been destroyed by taking some thing scalding hot at one time, and something frozen soon after. Horses, cattle, or sheep will not eat green grass grown in the same way as Chinamen grow their cabbage and other vegetables. It is easy to prove the above truthful evidence that vegetation is injuriously affected when grown from rank stinking manures. If such manures should be used in land, green crops should be grown and turned under two or three times ; then the land 'is rich and fit to grow good whole some crops fit for people and animals. If land is manured from which crops are to be grown immediately for food, the manure used should have been well fermented, kept moist and turned outsides in once or twice, as dry pevishedmanures are very little good. Cows let us know what sort of nutriment has been supplied to them by their milk and other animals by their flesh, so with vegeta tion what manure has been used. ' A silk purse is not made out of a sow's ear.' I think the credit is due to the Romans and not to the Chinamen for instructing the British in the advantage of using# water ex r'jsed to the sun and air for watering plants, remember the practice of it more than a quarter of a century ago in England, and it appeared to be as old as the old castles there. lam aware that the supply of vegetables and fruits should be larger and better than what they are in most parts of this colony. There are hundreds, I may say thousands, oj neonle in the country and bush districts fonc of vegetables and fruits that do not .get hall supplied, and do not get a good bunch o; craws for years together. This is the fault of tne Government more than the gardeners. I agree with much that is in Mr. G. W. Cotton's letter m the weekly Observer, March 14 and repeat one remark, 'Our Govern ment gives a premium for pad cultivation. Our Government has never given any induce ment to the people to take up pieces of land to make gardens, orchards, vineyards, &c;, or land for cultivation in suitable blocks in country townships or suburbs, but have done all they could to prevent such cultivation.' For stating this I will give my reasons and remedies. If a load of manure is upon Crown lands two licences are demanded for it, 15s. for the manure and 2s. 6d. for the cart, another 103. for seaweed, another 10s. for soil or sand, and ho on. Is this encouraging cultivation? The manure is generally swept away by bush fire and the seaweed by salt water, and the country is the poorer for it. If any fruit i3 mported from the adjoining colonies it ia duty free, whilst a duty has to be paid or fruit exported to the same colonies. Sureerymen here are handicapped by the j-overnnient Nursery. Many 'of the good lats fit for cultivation are utterly spoilt ia ihe way the roads are surveyed through them. Had the roads been surveyed along side the flats, in many cases the roads would have been better, being on poorer and drier ground ; they would have been better able to carry the traffic, and when they re quired to be macadamized it could be done cheaper and with less trouble. The flats fit for cultivation, where payable crops could be grown, have now reads passing through them, the roads occupying the good laud that will not stand the traffic iu winter, getting boggy and oftentimes impassable ia the rainy season. The remainder of the flat is in little useless pieces in four separate paddocks divided by the roads. This makes a man look with envious eyes at the good land occupied by the roads when he is trying to cultivate the poor soil alongside. _ Is it sur veyed in this way to prevent cultivationand settlement of people upon it, to keep it as sheepwalks? For 'if such it is likely to be fairly successful. It would have been sur veyed different if the Government or sur veyors had to do the cultivation. Some land has been taken away from the squatters that was only fit for sheep. There would have been less of that if selectors had not taken more than they could manage, some taking & thousand acres when they were ? not in a position to cultivate a hundred properly. Had many of them takeu a much smaller quantity of the beat land they could get they would have been much better off today— 1,000 acres is a white elephant to more' than owns to it. In my opinion, all lands should be classed. No road should occupy good land when it could be put upon poor land alongside which would serve the purpose equally well. In all cases good patches of land should be undivided by reads as far as practicable. Of country lands not within two miles of townships farmers should be allowed to take a fair quantity ; within two miles of a township, not more than 200 acres of first-class land; suburbs within one mile of township, not more than fifty acres of first-class land, and only twenty acres of first- class land in good positions in suburbs ; and ia town ships one block of allotments from two and a half to five acres, not in the best commercial positions, with reasonable prices and easy terms for personal residence and improvements upon the land in all cases. This I think would give to the working class a chance of securing a piece of land without being put in competition with any and every speculator far and near as at present. The gardeners here have had forced on them two Government presents which are not wanted, viz. , sparrows and rabbits. From the rabbits I have been a loser of over £50 this season, An old paper was found a, short time ago in this district containing instructions to the police trooper to prosecute and get heavily fined or imprisoned any person killing a rabbit. Sir, I think that gardeners and small cultivators have laboured under more disadvantages than any other class of people in this colony. First by injury, and then in sult added. Can any one be surprised at the poor and scanty supply of vegetables and fruits in many parts or this colony, especially when no assistance is shown by the Govern ment to encourage cultivation ? I am, Sir, &c;, PHIL. MOORE. Elliston, April 4. 