Their Christmas Story. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE CHRISTMAS 'QUEENSLANDER.'] BY C.H.BARTON. HE was town clerk, rate-collector, nosological inspector, and general factotum to the Worshipful the Mayor and Corporation of Merrypeebles, a snug, very snug, little municipality on the coast; and She—well, she was his wife. They had been married just six weeks, and their united incomes—she gave a weekly music lesson to the two Miss Blobbses, the auctioneer and station agent's daughters, who boasted the only piano in the place—their united incomes reached £150 a year. They were very loving, very hopeful, and very hard up. The trim cottage with latticed veranda and patch of scarlet verbona in front had been run up on time-payment; and the monthly refundments to the local building society were a severe pull on the conjugal purse. For as yet they held all things in common, and trustfully ignored the legal fiat that bids the husband, like Judas, carry the bag, and sets aside the wife altogether as a factor in the matri monial account. He was to her perfection; and, as for herself, his imagination had never soared to any ideal half so adorable as the gentle little being who was climbing the uphill path of life at his side. As yet—ah, that ominous as yet! — they were to each other all in all; Verbena Cottage shone forth as a freshly consecrated temple of Hymen, at whose altar the acolyte Cupids still did sacrifice. And they needed, in truth, whatever comfort an unalloyed mutual affection could afford. For the mayor and cor poration were imperious and whimsical task masters, and so, mutatis mutandis, was likewise the Miss Blobbses' mamma. The young wife had, however, this advantage before her lord that, whereas the lamentations over Selina Jane's slow progress and the difficult nature of the 'toones' selected for Arabella Maud to practise could recur at most but once in the seven days, his life was a continuous threading of the maze of contradictions, reprimands, and threats, devised for his special humiliation by the intelligent body who ruled Merrypeebles and its town clerk as with a rod of pig-iron. His was the fault if Alderman A., the butcher, and Alderman B., the milkman, chose the council chamber on meeting-day as an arena for settling their differences on the score of that polly heifer whose brand had been so unaccountably defaced. If a smell 'that might be felt' proceeded from the premises of Alderman C, the soapboiler, or Alderman D.'s rates had not been forth coming in time to ' fetch' the Government sub sidy, did Alderman E.s chimney catch fire, so as to endanger Alderman F.s insurance, or the dead dog lying unburied on Alderman F.s corner lot affect Alderman E.s wife's nerves, the fault was still his. If ever man earned the wages of sin not his own, and ate the bread of contumely, it was he. Small wonder, then, if at times the thought of escaping from the paltry thraldom of the place and breathing a clearer atmosphere elsewhere took vague shape in both their minds! Oh, for just one hundred pounds. Only one hundred pounds in a lump, neither more nor less, to pay off petty liabilities, clear the mortgage off the little property, and enable them to woo fortune's smile in some bigger town where, if there was more competition, there were likewise larger opportunities! 'Tis a bright evening in early October, when, after setting out the old-maidish looking tea board—Aunt Tabitha's wedding gift—with its antique china cups, she watches behind the dimity blinds, like a fluttered dove, for his return. The household relations with butcher and baker are becoming, in diplomatic parlance, ' strained ;' and the attitude of the milkman, as he doled out the vesper sky-blue, has been, to say the least, repellent. There is a pound or two in the tin cashbox under the bookcase, to be sure; but next Monday is building society night, and the ' receiving directors,' like Shylock, are hungering for their bond. It is hard to resist the temptation of turning black looks and surly demeanour into smiles and civility; but she, poor girl, bravely bears up; and having almost tearfully entreated her tormentors to have patience for yet another week, when pay-day will be coming round again, has shaken off her cares, brushed her wavy hair, practised her best smile before the glass so as to make sure that no trace of the day's worries remains, and is ready to give him, poor fellow, the cheering welcome that is to efface for a brief moment their common troubles. The warning bell of the coast steamer that has put in at Merrypeebles wharf half-an-hour ago, and is to start again at 6, has thrice rung, yet he comes not. His usual hour is half-past 5. The blossom on the scraggy peach rows that dot the goat- infested coast reserve flushes ruby-red in the sun's last rays; the mosquito's shrill treble, as it dances languidly in at the half-opened sash, announces the evening cool, and still he comes not. Thus she sits waiting and watching ; and for all her efforts to the contrary the un pleasantness with butcher and baker, and the milkman's stony stare, will begin to cloud that field of vision whose surface she has so carefully cleared of every ruffle ! ' Guess who it is!' came his voice over her shoulder, as, with a start and tiny shriek, she felt his broad hands pressed over her straining eyes, and the wind of fluttered paper at her cheek. 'O, you naughty boy, to frighten me so. How could you ' 'Guess what I've brought,' he interrupted, picking up a newspaper from the floor, and scanning the advertisements. 'Seeing the steamer in,' he added in explanation, 'I went round to the booking-office to hear what news there might be, borrowed this paper, and came in the backway to surprise you. It may be a lucky loan for us ; eh, pet? Look here.' ' The proprietors of the Edialeda Puritan, with their accustomed liberality, offer to public com petition a prize of One Hundred Pounds, to be awarded to the writer of the best Original Tale sent to the office of the above journal not later than the 30th proximo, for publication in the forthcoming Christmas number. The award will be made by a committee of acknowledged literati. MSS. to be forwarded under cover bearing a motto, together with a sealed envelope bearing the same motto outside, and enclosing a card with the name and address of the writer. '(Signed,) ' BLUFFER AND SLITHERS, ' Edialeda Puritan Office, ' 10th October, 1885.' ' There, pet, if we could manage to pull off that, there would be an end of our troubles. No more taking down minutes with the ink bottles flying about one's ears ; no more carting away dead goats; no more dunning those asses in the council, who expect me to keep the town ac counts on the square when nearly every man jack of thorn is a defaulter himself. Hurrah ! What a relief it would be!' and he flung his wide-awake into the farthest corner, and himself into the armchair that she had placed for him at the tea-table. She contemplated him with beaming eyes as they sat at the quiet evening meal. It never occurred to her to hint that she, too, had her worries, at home and elsewhere: or to doubt for an instant that the solution of the financial pro blem that had so long puzzled them was at hand. What chance could any other competitor have against him, her husband, in whom all ex cellences, mental and physical, were centred? ' You will write the story, and win the prize, of course, dearest.' ' I mean to do my best, at any rate; and, if the ability seconds the wish, no doubt I shall; for my desire to clear out of this hole is keen enough, God knows.' ' O, there is no question of ability, love ; what ever you intend you can do. Only ' ' Only what ? Doesn't my pet like the idea ?' 'Immensely, love. But see, your time is be taken up ; I daresay you will be spending two or three hours over that horrid rate-book this very night. Now, if we could write the tale together you and I, it would come so much easier—not that anything would be difficult to you, I am sure ; but it would save time in actual writing And, then, look what a splendid training in literary composition it would be for me, and your able guidance. Why, who knows but might set up for an authoress, by-and-by, like Ouida and Miss Braddon, and win wealth for us both?' He jumped to his feet, caught her in his arms and— smack ! smack !! SMACK !!!—type powerless to ' display' the energetic approval he impressed on the demure little mouth and joy flushed brow. ' Really, pet, you are the most admirable being that ever man was blessed with. A capital plan ! Should never have dreamed of it by myself. What on earth would become of me without ray pet ? My able guidance, indeed I You shall have the fixing of the whole affair; plot, scenery, delineation of character, I leave it all to you. Just lay out the scenes you mean me to write, and tell me how to do it, and I will try my utmost for your approbation, prize or no prize. There!' ' Don't say "no prize," dearest; such a thing is not to be thought of. But you are making a great deal too much of me and my suggestion. I only meant — ' 'Not another word, pet! I warrant that by to-morrow evening you will have thought out a plot, conceived the characters, mixed the local colouring, settled who's to marry whom, and what is to become of the detrimentals ; in short, got everything ship-shape for us to begin in earnest.' With these words, and a final kiss, he dis missed the subject; and, drawing a bundle of papers from his breast pocket, plunged at once into the exhilarating occupation of comparing the butts of his receipt- book with the rate-book, and of compiling therefrom the voters' roll for the ensuing year. As for her, she seemed to have suddenly crossed the threshold of a new world. Aunt Tabitha's library, to which her reading had been confined, was not extensive, but it included a few works of fiction of the good old romantic type. Already her fancy was busy with tho pleosant pain of creation, or, shall we call it, reminiscence. Images of every form and hue, solemn, freakish, mournful, ludicrous, swept in rapid procession before her mind's eye. As she made a hasty survey of her new visionary realm, tho very household drudgery became, as it were, ennobled and refined. To stand at his elbow and tenderly wash up Aunt Tabitha's dainty china was like a dream of far Cathay, where every landscape is of the willow pattern, and there are three man darins, on every bridge. And when, all things being made snug for the evening, she silently took her place at the little work-table and began to sew, half- unconsciously keeping time with the subdued sound of his pen, she likened herself in thought to one of the weird sisters, at whose bidding the thread of life is drawn out long or snapt. All night in the visions of unbroken slumber, all day in wakeful musings, her eager brain wrought. Now sketching some new figure on the ideal canvas; now selecting or rejecting, modifying or toning down, one or other of the more familiar phantoms that thronged thereon unbidden ; now delicately involving some plot of wholly impossible intricacy ; now preparing an elysium of bliss for the persecuted lovors, or meditating a fate of almost vindictive un pleasantness for the persecutor, sho took no account of time or circumstance. The day's troubles surged around her unheeded, and, when evening came, the skeleton of the ' original tale' that was to ransom them both from the miseries of misnamed Merrypeebles stood sharply out- lined before her. There was no patient watching, no struggle against despondency, no forced assumption of cheerfulness next evening. She flew along the side-walk to meet him before he was well round the corner. 'I have it all plain and straight, love !' she whispered smilingly, clasping him round the waist as they entered the wicket-gate. ' Such a grand plot —full of romance and adventure, and beginning something in this style :—" The last rays of an autumn sun were gilding the turrets of lordly Drachenfels and shedding a tremulous sheen over the amber waves of the noble river that rolled below, when two horsemen "' He started as if shot. 'What is the matter, dear? How you frightened me!' 'Nothing, pet; that infernal gray-back on my nose,' unci he made a swoop at the imaginary insect. 'Go on, pet, I won't interrupt again.' ' " When two horsemen, of whom the one might have counted some twenty summers, while the grizzled beard and deeply furrowed brow bespoke the other his senior by at least twice twenty winters, were slowly threading their way through the luxuriant vineyards that mantled " and so on, and so on,' she continued, blushing at the declamatory tones of her own sweet voice. 'That, you see, introduces two of the actors. As for the heroine, oh, she is the most lovely creature in white satin, made quite plain, you know, so as not to be in the way when the rope ladder is applied to her window, with alabaster complexion, dark eyelashes, aud just one simple moss-rose to set off her long raven tresses ; and he—that's the younger cavalier—he is to be as handsome, as chivalrous, and as good—oh ever so much handsomer, braver, and better than everybody except yourself, my own old boy!' and removing the head-covering of said'old boy,' whose chivalry had that afternoon been exer cised in burning a deceased cow, she imprinted on his forehead a conjugal salute. ' Well, pet, I hope you'll make it a good like ness. Is there any more ?' 'Of course, you've heard nothing yet. There is a slanderous villain, you know, whose black soul is ever conceiving mischief, and who comes between their innocent loves and makes them horribly jealous; and all their love is turned to hate, and he becomes a hermit; and she goes on a pil grimage to the Holy Land, and is ready to drop with fatigue; and one evening, just as the thundercloud bunts, and the lightning flashes through the trees, she sinks fainting at the door of his cell, and ' Edwin and Angelina, he said involuntarily. ' Well, I had not chosen any names just yet; but Edwin and Angelina will suit admirably. What a clever fellow you are!' she added with pride. 'I could not have hit on such lovely names if I had tried for a week.' ' Nor I, for that matter, pet ; and you must not give me credit for them. They belong to the story ; and the story—I am afraid, pet,' here his voice became almost compassionate, ' I am afraid that the story is not quite new.' ' But that is only a little bit of it; there's, O, ever so much more that you have not heard yet; a ruined monastery and a robber chieftain, who has been defrauded of his inheritance by the same wicked person who estranged the lovers. and who dwells in a feudal castle, and guards the old man with his minions in a deep murky dungeon, far far beneath the castle moat. 'What old man?' he asked again uncon sciously. ' Why, her father, of course. As if you hadn't guessed it long ago ! And when her brother, the Unknown Knight, unhorses the wicked usurper of the castle in single combat ' 'Whose brother? What usurper?' ' Don't be so impatient, you teasing boy, when I am explaining it all as fast as I can.' 'To be sure, pet; go on.' 'Well, then, at this precise moment every body recognises him, and there is a beautiful scene of reconciliation all round. And they get married, of course, and the villain is pardoned, and everybody is made happy, all but the old father, who has died in the dungeon a little while before. I could not help making him die,' she added apologetically, noticing the surprised expression on his face. ' You see, I had to bring in something pathetic, to move the gentle reader to tears. Everybody likes a good cry ; at least, I used to.' What he may have thought of the tear compelling virtues of this episode is not recorded, for he made no immediate reply. Here was a pretty kettle of fish! What an idiot he had been to show her the advertisement at all; to set her poor undisciplined fancy a-seething with balderdash like this. And she, true little woman, so happy in her fool's paradise, so con fident of the originality and interest of her girlish recollections of Della Cruscan literature, how would she bear to be told the truth? Would she believe it, even from him? There was not a moment to be lost. The fair young enthusiast, who, with flushed cheek and ex pectant gaze, stood hanging on his lips for some encouraging word, must not be allowed to divine his embarrassment. 'Pet,' said he. 'Well, love.' ' I have been a great fool —have done you a (reat .vroii^. Fools are always wronging those whom they love best——' ' Nonsense, love ; what are you driving at?' 'Why, just this. In my selfish eagerness to double a pleasure by sharing it with you, I neglected to tell you certain things that you were not very likely to find out alone, but which have to bo borne in mind when attempting tho task you have imposed on yourself, like a golden little wife as you are.' ' Yes ?' There was a mingling of delight with just the least shade of disappointment in her voice. ' You see, pet, tales of chivalry, no matter how well constructed, are quite out of date. Nobody reads them, and nothing of that stamp would have the least chance of being accepted. It was all my fault, blockhead that I was,' he continued, as her abashed glance went straight to his heart; ' I ought to have warned—ought to have given you a few hints as a safeguard against bo very natural a mistake.' She understood it all in a moment. Wif.h a woman's penetration she felt that his trouble whs greater than hors; and, painful as the upsetting of her feudal card-castle had been, she honoured and blessed him for breaking tho truth to her so gently. With a joyous little laugh that was not altogether forced, she flew to him and drew him down beside her on the skimpy leather- cushioned settee. 'And so ho thought to take a "riso" out of me, as they call it, the provoking boy; aban doning me to my own silly devices, and letting me find out by experience what a big goose I should moke myself without his help !' It was impossible to resist her laugh. He laughed in concert. Alderman 8., meeting him that morning, hod threatened to cut off the supply of (blanked) sky-blue ; and Alderman E., who, being a defaulter from last year, had no business to be in the council at all, had publicly stated that if his name were omitted from the voters' roll hod know the reason why. Yet, still he laughed. ' Sup]>ose we choose some Australian subject,' he said, after a pause. ' That would be charming,' she replied, clap ping her hands ; ' and perhup3, if wo were each of ub to write a bit every day, leaving the " plot" to take care of itself, and if we spent our even ings in fitting the separate pieces together, the very novelty of the performance might gain us the prize.' He considered a little. The prospect was not wholly reassuring. He felt capable, at that moment, of producing a whole library of enter taining fiction, provided there were no divided responsibility. There was, however, no escape; he must make the best of the bargain he had so enthusiastically struck on the previous day. ' We will try the plan,' he said, after a Blight pause, 'and will trust to luck for success.' It was kindly said, yet his words sounded cold to her; but that might have been the effect of an over-wrought fancy. ' To-morrow is meeting-day,' he continued hur riedly ; ' and, as I have the room to arrange, and some notices of motion and committee reports to write out before bedtime, I think I'll slide. Keep up your pecker, pet; I'll not be long.' He was gone. Although rather staggered at his abrupt farewell, she was not altogether sorry to Imj alone. For the first time sho hod been mode to feel—gently and tenderly, indeed, but still made to feel—hor inferiority. That is in itself no pleasant experience to a woman, but worse had followed. Where was the ardour with which he had at first welcomed her offer of co-operation ? Little of it was now visible in his changed manner. He hod actually gone off without tho accustomed kiss. Poor fellow! he must indeed be preoccupied to neglect that im ]x)rtant ceremony. One thing Bhe was resolved on. She would do her best, with hints and other aid, to further their mutual purpose, but she would decline anything like a leading part. To his inaturer experience should full the credit of success, if success came : and if not, why, then it might soften his disappointment if she acknowledged her share in the failure. The evening wore slowly on. His ' not long' needed a more and more elastic interpretation as the minutes crawled past. The elation of the Erevious twenty-four hours had been succeeded y a lethargy that she vainly strove to shake off. She felt aa one who, in a lucid interval, contem plates with incredulous disgust the smudges and uncouth scratches with which he has -disfigured the walls of his cell while labouring under the insane delusion of being a Raphael or a Titian. Never was a wifelet of six weeks more subdued, not to say downhearted. And as the biggest hours melted into the small, and still he re mained absent, the solitude and silence became almost unendurable. Even the bark of a watch dog would have been a relief; v bullock-bell from the reserve would have, in some sort, tinkled companionship. But his administration as inspector had at all times been too thorough to leuve an opening for such ' voices of the night' to obtrude themselves on slumbering Merry- Seebles. Poison and the pound hud done their eadly work. osi sic übiq tie I The brazen dawn of a dusty day in the height of the dry season was glaring over the sharp outline of the island beyond the harbour when she crept wearily to bed. Imperious sleep had, happily, at length claimed her as his prey, and dulled her sense to the rudeness of this the first untoward breaker on the smooth current of her married experience. The sun was blazing aloft, as an Australian October sun can blaze, ere sho woko. He had not been to bed ; apparently he hod not come home, for there was no sound in the house save the measured tick of the clock in tho front parlour. Hastily donning a wrapper, sho went to the street-door. It was set carefully ajar, so as to appear from the outside as if closed. He had returned, then; that was a tiny drop of comfort, at any rate. She i>eeped into the parlour; nobody was there, but a number of sheets of paper, closely covered with writing, were lying on the table, and, propped up on the much-hated rate-book, a torn-off scrap, bearing these words: — 'Pet! Can you forgive mo? Been scribbling all night, as witness these pre sents ; and never knew how the time went. Would not wake yju, after letting myself in, by banging the street-door. Gone down to tho harbour to freshen up with a swim, and will be back to breakfast after the meeting, or sooner if there's no quorum.—Your loving Boy.' So far good. He hod been hard at work all the while then, and was still her 'loving boy.' The densely- written sheets proved how inces santly he had toiled. There was the fully deve lo[>ed plan of an eventful tale, with one or two chapters actually cast in final shape. Conjugal pride and womanly pique, admiring syra|)athy and the instinct of contradiction, struggled within her as she ]>crused the crabbed lines. As she read on genuine interest in the tale began to sup plant these mingled emotion, and there i« no telling 'tow long she might ha\\- gone on reading in her light morning dishabille had not the iron tongue of the clock striking 'j warned her of the yet unperformed toilet and breakfast duties. Startled out of her reverie, she flew to the kitchen, und having got the fire alight and tho kettle under weigh, and hastily dresued, set about gathering together the materials of as sumptuous a breakfast us she could command. Alas, there was no milk ! The pang of this dis covery pierced with redoubled bitterness after her disenchantment of the previous day. Never mind ; hen's milk must do the trick. Alderman B.'h jurisdiction did not, at any rate, extend to her poultry-yard. And as she moved to and fro, getting everything ready for his return, the characters, the incidents, and the very language of his mighty labour would recur to her thoughts with a strange familiarity, like some dream of childhood. Breakfast is over; forgiveness has been asked, and accorded; and they are seated at the yet uncleared table in a style that indicates business. The rough draft of his tale is spread out between them. ' You really think it will do, i>ct?' he inquired. ' Of course it is all merely rudimentary as yet.' ' Very well, indeed, dear; that is, most of it. I—l am no judge, of course, and it is almost silly of me to pretend to have on opinion at all. But, since you ask me, there are, I think, some parts that could bo improved.' He had never asked her this. And whot a fulling-off was there from that unquestioning acquiescence in every thought and word of his that constituted only yesterday the very corner stone of her connubial creed ! He hod written something that' could be improved.' What next ? Then, after o pause, he said : ' For instance, pet ? ' ' Well, love, to begin with : I am such a fool as to see very little uctual differenco between your tale and mine ; und since mine is such wretched stuff that nobody could possibly read it ' ' I never said that, pot; you do me an injus tice. What I said was, that your style of romance had gone out of fashion.' ' Well, darling, I have very little opportunity for studying fashiou's changes,' she laughingly replied, but with loss music in her laugh than of yore ; ' and it is beyond measure impertinent in me to presume to find fault with anything done by you.' There was inoro emphasis than admira tion in that last word, aud he felt it. * Come, pet, let's talk the matter over in a business-iike way. You see, we are partners in this literary venture. Where do you see any imitations of your romance ? Come !' ' Well, in the first place, your two swagmen, approaching the woolshed at blazing noon-tide, when " the outline of the distant landscape wavers tremulously in the awful heat, and the shrill chorus of cicadte, like a million miniature steam-whistles, bursts from the quivering gidya scrub, and thrills the hoarer'B very brain"—are only a second—and vulgarised—edition of my "two horsemen."' 'There's this difference, pet; that my swag men are mere supernumeraries, and serve but to introduce v more prominent character, the squatter and lund-dumtnier "Grabit," and to show what a mean scoundrel he is.' ' Yes ; and, by-the-way, love, you seem to have taken my " villain" for your " Grabit." Where's the difference between the former depriving a gallant young cavalier of his patrimony, and your Grabit speculating with the trust money belonging to the clever young Kainter, his ward; and then losing it all in iononza Consols ?' He gasped for breath. This flank movement took him by surprise. 'I am afraid, pet,' he said at length, 'that villainy is of no age or country, and that there is a family resemblance between most villains, if not all.' ' True; but what becomes of the originality then ? My poor little story, you said, waa not " quite new,'* Are you ao very sure that yours is any newer ?' 'For that matter, pet, there's nothing new under the sun.' 'True, aud—trite. But, whether original or not, I confess I like your young artist, Harry Scumbleton, very much.' ' Come; that's some consolation ; I have yet something left to live for.' There was the least touch of irony in his tone us he said this. She detected it instantly. 'He is such a fine, amiable, manly fellow; nothing can be more charming than the scene in which lie first meets the innocent daughter of his treacherous guardian Grabit. The struggle between his natural aversion to the family and his sympathy for her misfortunes, which by-and by ripens into love, is capitally described. Who is your original, dear ?' she added, looking him full in the face. 'It must be somebody you know woll; some old school friend, perhaps, for it certainly is not yourself.' She was right He had taken for his hero a deceased schoolmate—his own ideal of all that is estimable in true manhood. His sketch had seemed to him but a faint reflection of his dead friend's virtues, yet, such as it was, it had taken her fancy, and now for tho first time, to his cog nisance, she admired something outside of him self. 'And why ia it certainly not myself?' he asked, with an inward laugh at the absurd sensa tion of jealousy that ho nevertheless felt power less to master. ' Because you would never act in the way ho is described as acting. Thore would have been no struggle in your mind—you would have just made out a sort of municipal balance-sheet between your losses aud hers.' Then, feeling by the expression in his eyes, although her own were cost down, that she was treading on dangerous ground, 'You see, love, )>erfections differ. Yours lie in the way of business, and artists ought not to be, ut least, seldom are, business men ; bo I am in reality paying a very high com pliment to your discrimination.' There was v short pause, during which he resignedly acquiesced in the decree of Providence that hod removed his friend from a sphere of much potential mischief. ' You are right, pet; we are a business-like pair, with a business end in view; so now to business. You see I have just sketched out a little subordinate love episode—Gwcu, tho stockman's daughter—how Bhall we work that out?' ' What! that bold thing that mokes no secret of her unrequited passion for Harry Scumbleton? I think her appearance on the scene in most un fair to Miriam Grubit. The latter has quite enough to contend with as it is, considering her parentage. I think, love, you might cut out the btockman's family altogether.' ' But that would spoil the whole tale. I wanted to bhow that Grabit, in spite of hij breach of trust, wai. not altogether bad; and the simplest way to do that, limited as I am to time and space, was to introduce such instances of faithful attachment as Peter Prisk and his simple, i :nurant daughter Gwen.' 'Well, why not kill them off in the bush-fire that sc: res Grabit's horse and makes the old horror break bis neck ? What need was there make the —girl transfer her " faithful attach ment" from the dead guardian to the living ward?' ' For dozens of reasons, you bloodthirsty little executioner. In the first place, grown-up people ore not, as a rule, swept off by Australian bush-firee. My little bantling is no prairie romance, and must keep within the bounds of probability. Indeed, lam not sure that Grabit's death could not have been better managed; only, readers mostly expect a bush- fire of some kind in an Australian tale. Secondly, I should lose an olement of human interest by omitting Gwen. We could drown her by-and-by in a flooded creek, if you like ' 'We / I don't want to have anything to do with her—the—thing! The idea of conceiving for so commonplace a creature the romantic death of Ophelia ! Why not make hor marry the woolshed cook ?' ' I don't see how it is to be done,' he sighed, 'unless you take it in hand, pet. I cannot understand your intense prejudice against j>oor Gwen. One would almost think you were jealous of her.' ' You might, at any rate, have taken o little more pains with Miriam Grabit, instead of making her the colourless doll she is represented to be. This Gwen, on the other hand, is painted con amore, as the music-books say.' Ho was just going to aver that his own domestic angel had supplied the original of Miriam, the heroine, but this outburst checked him. She had penetrated the disguise already, and her self- love was wounded. 'Pet, this is very foolish!' he said in a faltering voice. 'Why should 1 show any preference for Gwen? I made the best I could of Miriam, believe mo, and if she is a "colourless doll" it is my want of skill that is in fault.' Her eyes flashed, this time in anger, and then filled with tears. 'Say at once it was for want of a better model,' she sobbed. 'Do you imagine I cannot recognise myself at once in that Miriam of yours ?' It was the first time he had seen her weep. Nevertheless, such was his annoyance that it angered rather than distressed him. ' Woman, have you lost your wits ?' he exclaimed. ' What folly is this?' ' Just such folly as you might expect to drive me to; turning mo into a lay-figure for the amusement of the public!' aud the tears burst forth more copiously. ' It would serve you right if the public recog nised you as clearly us I can—now!' he cried jumping up in a passion. There was a miniature crash of broken china, and one of Aunt Tabitha's exquisite cups, swept off by his abrupt movement, lay in pieces on the floor. 'O, you spiteful—what will Aunt Tabitha think?' and stooping down she tearfully gathered up the fragments. ' Damn Aunt Tabitha!' he said, exasperated beyond endurance; ' I don't care what she thinks!' and, becoming at once conscious that after this unguarded expression all hopes of a clearance of the domestic horizon might be abandoned, he snatched up his hat, and went out. His thoughts, as he passed rapidly Town Hall-words, were of no cheerful cast.* It was their first quarrel, and he could not tax himself with having done anything to provoke it. Still he felt angry with himself, though no less angry with her, and, if the truth be told, most angry of all with the unconscious Aunt Tabitha. For the first time the dusty stifling office, in which a sharp-featured rat of a boy was in waiting during his absence, assumed almost the aspect of a haven of rest. Having summarily dismissed the precocious deputy, to the latter's great joy, for the rest of the day, he sought, by plunging into the trivial mazes of office-work, to drown, or at least deadeu, the remembrance of the morning's catastrophe. It was no uso. Names, dates, and figures only danced in meaningless confusion before his brain. The very sumß he ' totted up' got blended by some occult alchemy with the dramatis personal of that ill-starred tale, whereon his domestic happiness had been wrecked. After vainly attempting to compose his thoughts, and having, with much care and accuracy, entered his own unpaid milk-score in the municipal ledger, he, suddenly awakening to the enormity of the blunder, started up in a frenzy, went out, locked the office door, and wandered forth dis consolately in the direction of an extensive tract of gross-covered land overlooking the iiarbour, and known as the Coast Reserve. The quiet of this spot, formerly a peach-orchard, but now dedicated to goats, nursemaids, and the juvenile charges and masculine followers of tho latter, was in harmony with his wounded spirit. Scarcely two hours had elapsed since he had left her—left her with an imprecation on his lijw ; yet what a gulf in time as well as distance seemed to lie between them now! The sweet spell of their joined lives had been broken, and it seemed almost sacrilegious, admitting that it were pos sible, to patch it up again with the coarse cement of conventionality. Lost! lost! moaned a aad voice from the bottom of hia heart; for could he ever be the same to her, or she to him, that they had been to each other yesterday? He paced wearily along the terraced bank that overlooked the dimpling expanse of the harbour, and afforded many a mystic glimpse of the boundless ocean outside, and all the joy and brightness of nature were turned to gloom in his sight. He looked upward. The sun was far on his downward course. It would soon be evening. And then ? He must come to some resolve. Yonder was a rude bonch, constructed by the public-spirited harbour-master out of a wave-worn pine plank, and two conveniently-situated tree stumps. He would rest there awhile, and consider his future movements. He would ask her forgiveness, absolutely and as a free gift, without extenuation, direct or im plied, of his own rude behaviour—all that as a matter of course, and she would, after a while, grant it, also as o matter of course. And then ? And, ' lost! lost!' came moaning from his sad heart, as he felt what bitterness of spirit might still lurk beneath such a reconciliation. Ah, why had he not fortified her woman's endurance with his own ? Why hud he Hung away for a shadowy chanco the priceless jewel of unquestioning affectionate trust that had so lately been theirs ? ' Guei3 who it is!' came her voice over hiu shoulder, ;u; he felt her soft palms preyed over bis eyeu, and a hasty kiss on his hot brow. She stood leaning over him as joyous, as smiliug, and aii trustful as though no shadow had come between them, and the morning's tiff had been but a waking dream. There wa.> a tremulous yearnin;; in her voice, though, that told of a great pa.-t struggle, and of a victory nobly won. The gentle tones took his heart by Btorm, and i-wcpt therefrom, as with the besom of a hurri cane, all the perilous stuff that had been festering there since they parted. He clasped her to his breast, and all the little misunderstanding was righted in an instant, ' Dinner waits at home, she said after a pause, as composedly as she could ; ' let us return.' ' His only answer was a look, but it spoke moro than any mere words. Man's nature is a strange mingling of the gross and the etherial. Now that the weight was off his soul, and tho ugly thoughts that had beset him were banished to their dens in Doubting Castle, the word ' dinner' conveyed in its two brief syllables more solid comfort than, half-an-hour ago, he had thought himself capable of ever experiencing again—at any rate on this side the grave. They strolled homeward hand in hand, as had been their wont in the days of their courtship. Sweetly the evening breeze came sighing up from the sea, und stirred the crimson peach-blossoms about their path. But sweeter was the peace of their hearts as they moved over the closely cropped sward and spake not a word. As they reached the wicket-gate they met the sharp-featured boy. Ho had brought the evening mail, he said, and had been trying for ever so long to make somebody hear. ♦ And, my word ! wasn't old Major Blobb3 in a rage when he hap pened to want to go the council office and found tho door locked and the key goue; and wasn't he going to make it hot for "somebody," says 'c; and wouldn't there be a row at tlfe 'journed meetin next morning; oh no ! not at all !' He took the packet of letters, reworded the dispenser of the above unsought information by lifting him up, collar-wise, and dropping him harmlessly into tho roadway, and, having closed the wicket gate, followed his wife into the house. Whatever trouble might be brewing against him on the part of his employers, he would not allow it to break in on his house to-night. To-morrow would be quite soon enough. He put away the letter-packet out of sight; and the next moment she came bustling in with tho daintiest little dinner that ever appealed to a hungry and worried man's inner sense. ' What was the long story Jim was tolling you at the gate ? she inquired, by way of saying something, as they sat together after dinner with nothing, no, not so much as a sheet of paper, between them. 'Some nonsense about those corporation fellows, ho said ovasivoly. ' Never mind, pet, my own pet! you and I will get the better of thorn yet, whatever happens.' It must here be remarked that since their meet ing on the reserve the subject of their brief misunderstanding had been instinctively avoided by both. ' How I wish you were independent of them altogether !' sho continued, perceiving that the boy's communication, whatever it might relate to, had caused him onnoyance. ' What a bless ing it would be if you could get a month's leave to recover your spirits, and perhaps get a better paid and pleasanter position than this !' 'And you, pet?' ' I should manage very well; and if it came to the worst I could go and stay with—Aunt Tabitha till you fetched me away.' He stood the trial bravely. ' Your aunt Tabitha,' he said, 'is a good kind soul, for whom I have the highest respect. It is comforting to know, pet, that, if the worst should happen, you, whom I love best in this world, would always find a homo with her.' Sho understood him at once. J Are they dis missing you, love ?' sho asked. ' It would hardly be for thoir advantage to do bo. Still, it is perhaps as well to be prepared for such an event. Nay,' he added, forcing a smile, | who knows whether my "walking tioket" is not in the house at this very moment ?' Then, sorrow for the alarmed expression of her face overcoming his resolution, he pulled the bundle of letters from the drawor in which thoy had been placed, and began examining them. •The Town Clerk, Merrypeebles, 0.H.M.5., Department of Public Lands; ditto, ditto, ditto, ditto, Public Works ; ditto, Attorney General; butcher's bill, baker'a bill, milkman (con found the milkman!); "Mrs. Blobbs presents her compliments to Mrs. ." That belongs to you, pet!' and he tossed it over to her. The note contained a cheque for £2 10s., the amount due, and intimated that in consequence of 'ap proaching changes' the Miss Blobbses would no longer require musical tuition. Another letter from the worshipful Blobbs himself expressed the pain felt by the latter at finding himself com pelled, on account of ' irregularities,' to suspend the town clerk from his official duties. 'Just as I thought!' he said bitterly ; 'they are doing for us, pet; and by the time you reach Aunt Tabitha's farm I may hump my swag, if I want to get to town. That's all the mail, I think, except tho Puritan, in case you might like to look at it.' She took the paper listlessly, as one dazed by this double blow. What was to become of them ? He sat in moody silence. There was no justifi cation for this petty tyranny, as his fidelity was unquestioned. Anger waa his first impulse, but it speedily was overcome by utter perplexity as to their immediate future. Even if he could nerve himself to resume the interrupted enter prise and compete for the £100 premium, how were they—supposing him successful—to live in the meantime? Thus they sat in prolonged silence, broken only by the ticking of the clock and rustling of the paper as she turned from column to column. He had just been entering upon an abstruse calculation as to whether it would be possible, by living on fid. a day, to earn and save enough during his wife's stay with Aunt Tabitha to pay off all their debts and begin life afresh. His mental arithmetic had become rather hazy in the process ; and, worn out with the emotions of the day and the previous sleepless night, he was on the point of relapsing into unconsciousness, when What is it that flushes her cheek and lights up her eye, as, with trembling hands and quickly drawn breath, she flutters the paper before his rigid face and points to a particular passage? What is it that recalls him, in that momentary act, to waking realities, and- changes the sullen langour of despondency into fully- armed hope ? It is this :— 'On dit that the town clerk of M , one of those municipal sleepy hollows that tend to cast ridicule on the principle of local government, has by the death of a distant relative dropped in for a fortune of some thousands a-year. The fortu nate heir, a young man of sterling worth, and re cently married, is said to be in straitened cir cumstances, and to have had no expectation whatever of wealth accruing to him in the parti cular quarter whence the windfall came.' He read the paragraph with a beating heart. It must be himself. There was no other munici pality beginning with M , and the rest of the description tallied exactly. A loud knock at the street door disturbed their musings. She went to see who it was. A barefooted lassie, bearing a large and a smaller tin can, greeted her with a curtsey and a smile— * O, please, 'm, father's compliments and he's so sorry as 'ow you 'od no milk this morning, cos the cows got away, and 'c 'opes you'll accept this quart of sweet cream, and never mind the bill for the present, father says ' She took the milk and accepted the explana tion, delivered all at one volley, together with the accompanying peace-offering. It never occurred to her to inquire whence the sweet cream could have come, seoing that the cows pur|>orted to have been absent, and that the fame of Laval's separator had not penetrated to drowsy Merry peebles. It was enough for her that the augury was favourable. As she returned into tho house, a letter, lying on the floor of the passage, caught her eye. It was addressed to him. 'You must have dropped it as we came in,' she said, laying it on the table. He opened the cover in a dazed abstracted sort of way—like one overwhelmed with tho flood of conflicting emotions. It was from the manager of tho Union Bank, Sydney; expressly confirmed the truth of the rumour alluded to inthe Puritan, and stated that he was at liberty to draw, for im mediate needs, to the extent of a .thousand pounds. A joyous cry burst from them both as they bent together over the auspicious missive ; but another knock at the street door, louder and more peremptory than the last, interrupted their exultation. It was the baker's boy. '(), pleaso, 'in, master's so sorry : sent tho wrong bill by mis take, and would you 'avo the goodness to let 'ira 'aye it again—'e's in no 'urry, not 'c !' And as, after complying with tho lad's request, she was about shutting the door, lo! Alderman A.'s Mercury, seated aloft on a carnivorous- looking cob, galloped up like a whirlwind, and delivered himself of the breathless words : ' Master sends 'is respecs, and wot 'ud you please for to want for to-morrer; 'c's 'ad a lot o' loss and wexation o' late, 'c told mo to tell 'c, and 'oi»es you wunt take nothink amiss, and don't trouble about the bill." Sho laughed outright. This reflex action of their changed fortunes on public opinion was too exquisitely absurd. ' We seem to be rising in popular estimation,' he observed, as she entered the room. ' They keep you pretty busy, pet, considering the new responsibilities so suddenly cast on us. And now come and sit by me and let us talk over this wonderful change as soberly us we are able.' Another knock. Bother that door! Would they nevor be at peace ? This time he went to answer it himself. It was the eldest Miss Blobbs— ' Ma's compliments, and would your good lady give her the pleasure of her company to a friendly cup of tea—' here the poor girl stopped short, evidently scared by the mingled indigna tion and amusement that his face expressed. ' And this,' she added, shyly, 'is a note from— pa.' The note wns to the effect that ' pa' re gretted having, ' under a total misapprehension, taken on himself to censure the town clerk, that he begged to withdraw the notice of suspension he had penned in a moment of haste, and trusted that the incident would not in any degree impair the friendly relations which, he trusted, had always subsisted between his esteemed friend the town clerk and himself, &c;, 4c. He ground his teeth, and stamped his foot. 'Here, pet,' he cried out boisterously, to the young lady's intense alarm; ' you're to get ready to go to tea at Mrs. Blobbs'* • make haste! or there will be the devil to pay!' She came to the rescue, and, having got rid of her late pupil with such civility as she could muster, led him back into the little parlour where they had striven and pinched all the brief days of their young wedded life. ' You will think me very hard to please,' she observed, after they had somewhat recovered their composure ; ' but I almost wish this had not happened—quite so soon.' ' A necessary qualification,' he replied; ' and why ?' ' Because I had quite made up my mind that you should finish the tale, all by yourself, and get the prize; and that I would not say another word about the matter until you showed it me in print. lam really quite sorry for having been bo hard on poor Gwen,' she oontinued, with a smile and a blush, ' and I was quite hoping that you were going to provide for her a reasonable share of happiness. 'All that is past and gone, pet,' he said gravely. 'In any case, I could not have seriously applied myself to that unfortunate effort again. And, even supposing that I could, it would not be fair to others. You have little idea. I suppose, pet, what a number of pens that shadowy chance of £100 will set in motion ; what laborious days, sleepless nights, and bitter disap pointments will follow. Let us then, who need it not, retire from the competition with a good grace.' ' With the best grace in the world,' said her beaming eye. •I only pity those,' he continued, 'who in these days of hot literary rivalry feel impelled to write, yet are at a loss for a subject Do you know, pet, I should not be in the least surprised to see our own little extravaganza figuring as a Christmas story one of these days.' 'What? names and all, in those horrid papers?' That depends on yourself, pet! Unless you mention the names, nobody can ever get hold of them.' ' Well, be sure I will not; trust me.' And she didn't. 