IIRATIICOTE POLICE COURT. Friday, 30th January, 1885. (Before R. Cocks, W, Von-der-Left, W. Youle (Mayor) and J, Tehan, Esqs, J.P.'s) Robert Anderson v. John Mhannahan. Assault. Mr HIornbucklo for defendant. R. Anderson, sworn, stated : On Friday, 23rd, I heard a person was in thelook-up, Wont up to bail him out, takling £10 with me for that purpose. Went to Sonior constable Sheridan's quarters. He referred me to Constable Shannahan. Saw Con stable Shannahan. VWent to Constable Shannahan at the lookl-up, and the light was put out as sown as I got there, Said if I had been half a minute sooner the light would not have been out. Constable Shannahan said " What do you want here," in an apparently angry manner, Said I came to bail a certain person out. He said " You can't get him," lie oplaeod his hands on my chest and pushed me outside. Constable Dwyer was present, Asked defendant twice or three ti'es to let the person out; that I would take him home to bed, Also went to a justice of the peace about tlhe matter. Cross-oxamined-Was awaro Constable Shannahan was in clharge of the look-us Had an unpleasantness with Constable Shannahan previously. Might have heard abusive language made use of by the person in custody on the evening in question, but I do not remember, Cannot say if people that evening made complaints against the person in custody for abusive language, Know lie is abusive at times. He tins been abusive to me. It was a gratuitous act on my part to endeavor to bail him out, Defendant no sooner asked me to go than he put his hands on mue. He kept hold of me till I was outside, I believe they were putting the light out before they saw me. Am not aware of the duties of a constable in charge of a lock-up, never having been a constable myself. Senior-constable Sheridan, sworn Plaintiff came to my quarters on the eovening in question. Told hims I was off duty, and that he had better go round and see the constable in charge of the lock-up. Mr Hornbuokle quoted the 58th section of the act to show that it was discretion ary for the constable to release a prisoner or not. Constable Dwvyer, sworn; On the night in question I assisted Constable Shannahan to put a person in the look-up about 10 or half past. Plaintiff said he wished to bail out the person, and Con stable Shannahan said he was too drunk to be lot out. Plaintiff said he had £10 to bail Ihim out. Constable Shlannalian said it was no matter, and waived his hband and told plaintiff to go out, lie may have touched him with the back of his hand, but he did not catch hlold of lli. To plaintitff-Heardcl you bay to Cois stable Shannahan '' Keep your hands oil' me." He miglht have touched you with the back of his hand, cIt was at the door step. Defendant stated that on the night in question Ihe was at the lock-up with Constablo Dwyer, and had just put the light out when plaintiff came to thle door. Alter learning the mission plaintiff came on, he said ha would not admit the person to bail till he was sober. Plaintif, who was excited, said he ihad £10 with him to bail the person out. He waived Ihis hand at plaintiff and told him to let them out, Plaintiff said he would bring tho matter before a magistrate. The charge was groundless, and he believed it was brought out of spite. He considered it the most vindictive charge ever brouglht before the court. Plaintiff took exception to the state mnest that he was excited, ie was not, He also wished the Bench to hear in mind that the question of the duties of a constable had nothing to do with the ease ; that they had merely to deal with the charge of assault, The Bench gave a verdict for defendant, dismissing the case with £1 Is costs. Police v, Robert Lindsay and Ernest Yemm.-Charged with causing a bushfire by which property was damaged. Mr iornbuckle for defendante. Constable Dwyer, sworn, said: On the 20th inet, from information I received, I roceeded to Puckapunyal. Found a brge quality of i rass burnt belonging to Mr Cooper and about 6U chains of feneing belonging to Mr Wright, Found a tree felled for honey. It is a usual thing to light a fire to smoke the bees when taking honey in the bush, Near the tree there were tracks of buggy wheels Followed the tracks to Lindsay's place, a considerable distance. The near side wheels did not follow one another by about 2f inches. Traced the buggy about 2) miles to where defendants were fencing. Took the busgy and by running it backwards and forwards I found it was the same buggy by which the tracks were made. Questioned the defendaute sep arately as to where they were on ths Thursday previous, and said they had better state what they bad done and repair the fence. They ulaimstely acknowledged to what they had done, and agreed to give 8 days in putting up the fence. On my suggestion a writtei agreement was made out. To Senior-constable Sheridan-Traced the fire from the tree tlaCt had been felled for the honey. Estimnato the damage done at about £25 to the fence, and about £150 worth of grass burnt belonging to ?sr Cooper, To Mr Hornbucklo - When the written agreement was got from det'iidants I did not tell them that notwithstaudlig their waking tlie gs'reeient they might be aunimoned. Produce instructions from Wright that he did not wish to prosecute Ln the ease. To Senior-constable Sheridan- Have been instructed by thie SiFerintessdent ot Pollee to teks these proceedings, To Mr Hoinbuickle-Mr Cooper has lodge4 no complaint, 1Vright told me he did ngt wish to proceed. lHave not got written document. Tho agreement was made out on the following day and not in rXi. orsbhuckle stibbmitted it wes a private matter. The Bench thought it a matter in which the public was interested ; that the poblic was liable to be injured, Mr Hornbucklo submitted that the pglise had no case, except in consequence iaffbat tbs defendants told thema. Mr kHluribuiu't'lv resil thI' ngrusm.-nt, to the effect that the defendants would ota the timber for the fence; witnessed b: Oscar D Wright. Mr Hornbucklo statee that there was another fire lighted a another tree by another person; that the fire did not start from the tree at which the defendants lighted the fire. They signed the agreement sooner than be brought to court. They were perfectly willing to replace the damage to the fence. Aaron Wright, sworn: Am satisficd with the terms defendants agree to if they fulfil the agreement. Mfy son was to fetch the defendants as soon as he was ready for them to do the work in reference to the fence. Oscar D. Wright, sworn Had a con versation with Parker, who said hie heard that my brother-in- law was felling bee trees as well as defendants. Am satisfied with the agreement if it is fulfilled. Aut not ready for the defendants to do the fencing yet, Mr Hornbuckle submitted that the police did not press for a heavy penalty. That defendants lighted a few sticks, and before leaving used procautions to put the fire out by scraping around it and putting water on it. That the Wrights were satisfied with the agreement, and defendants had promised to make good the fence. He would ask the Bench not to inflict a heavy penalty. In accordance with a majority of the Bench, a penalty of R5 each was inflieted1 in default one month's imprisonment, one month to pay. The application of John Craven for a stage carriage license was granted. One case was settled and one adjourned for a fortnight, 