Queensland Stock Movements anil Slate of the Couutrj. (Queenslander, Jim» 11 ) ÎTOKMANTON, June IO-5Ü0 fat cattle re- cently left Camooweal for the Sydney mar- kets The weather is cool and cloudy, and there are indications of rain CookTOWN, June IO-Showery weather still continues During the last few days Btrong south east winds have been prevalent, with heavy rain bqualls, but confined to the coast Grass is getting dry inland From the 3rd instant to date the average maximum shade temperature at noon was 78 deg , mini mum, 70 deg , lowest reading, 08 dog lhe rainfall during the same period was 1 01 m MAYTOWN, Juno 10 -Durmg the last fort- night strong east winds have prevailed here, with slight dew it m"ht Much anxiety is felt owing to the want of ram To day a light drizzling rain is falling CAIUNS, June 10 -The weather is cold aüd Bhowery The rainfall for the past week was 0G0 ni Bovr.LY, June 10 -The weather is now cold with sharp cutting winds The Bky is cloudy and has a rainy appearance Rock.ii nu TON, June 5 -The weather to day has been cloudy and warm Light showers tell early this morning, and a driz zling rain for an hour during the forenoon Ihia afternoon a heavy shower tell, lasting about an hour-Juno 11 Showers fell here to day and also this evening, but did little more than lay the dust Munn OEOUGir, June G -Theshort supply of water and grass on the neighbouring sta tions, particularly on the Burnett is causing anxiety about the winter Considering that over 300 000 horses and cattle are largely dependent upon a rainfall soor>, the outlook is certainly serious Pi t cattle are conse quently hardening in price, and stores going down in proportion The meat works aie at prpsent purchasing fats at 14s per 1001b dressed On the plantations a really capital crushing season is going on No advance in the pace of cane or ]uice is yet made, not withstanding the assured increase in the wlue of sugar Grstpic, June 5-The weather has been very mild during the week, and a few showers have fallen at intervals, just sufficient to make the roads very heavy tor travelling So far the season has been very favourable for farmers and pastoralists JUMUII, June 9 -A mob of 350 fat bul- locks, the property of Messrs Cox, Dowling, and Co , Connemara, passed through on the 7th instant, bound for Sydney, Mr Galvin in charge Three hundred fat bullocks, a prime lot, left Messrs Simpson and Affleck's Corella station to day, bound for Sydney, Messrs Watkins and Morgan, purchasers, Mr J T Morgai in charge The weather is still keep ing dry -June 11 It has been raining since this morning, with every appearance of a good downpour Six hundred fat bullocks, the property of Messrs Anning Bros , of Charlotte Plains stations, Flinders River, are now passing, bound for Sydney Two-thirds ot them are prime and good weights Mr Albert Williams IB in charge The country is m splendid order for travelling WINTON, May 31 -Water and grass is scarce on the Ayrshire Downs road, and the coach between here and Hughenden will soon be blocked A large mob of horses passed here bound for the Flinders last week Another mob of 70 (Mr Milson) is still here Ten thousand sheep, in charge of Mr M'Bain, travelling to Toorak, via Elderslie , also, 500 head ot fat cattle from Tarbrax to Dubbo Bain reported at Fermoy last week , quantity not stated. AD Í.VAIE, June 1 -The weather still keeps warm and dry, no appearance of winter Tho following stock movements have to be recorded From Tintmchilla, 100 fat bullocks foi Sydney, Messrs Cudmore, Swan, and Co owners, Mr. Maddox m charge From same station and owners, 400 fat hullockB, Mr Hay in charge (These two mobs are con- sidered in prime condition ) From Milo, 10,000 fat wethers for Rockhampton, Messrs Cudmore, Swan, and Co, owners, Mr Jamieson in charge From Mount Morris, 1000store bullocks, bound West, Mr Bond, owner, Mr Mullens in charge From Boon doon, 800 mixed store cattle for sale (Cud more and TeateB, owners), bound South, Mr C Phillatt in charge From Listowel Downs, 1200 store cattle, bound North, Messrs Burkeleham and Lambert, owners, Mr Foley in charge From same run and owners, 1200 store cattle, Mr M'Lean in charge HuanENDEV, June G -The weather is very dry and warm, and ram is much required The Winton road is now closed for the mail nnnnXt BLACKAXL, May 29.-There has aB yet been no change in the dry weather which has been prevalent for the last few weeks. They are wishing for rain further west, and although grass is said to be plentiful it is very dry. It is expected stock will not retain their good condition much longer, as in consequence of feed not being so plentiful and easily pro- cured «s it was the animals will only get half rations, aB it were, and that combined with the winter will soon pull them down. There have been no stock movements this week. From Jundah it is reported that a splendid lot of brood draught mares have passed that place, bound for Messrs. Muir and Lear month's Corona station, Catherine Creek, and Mr. Hugh Fraser has just arrived at his station, Glenlea, with 1650 good- conditioned mixed cattle, purchased at Peakvale station for re-stocking. TABOOM, Junel.-Recent stock movements have been :-On the 21st May Mr. W. Ross passed through with 12,000 sheep from New South Wales, travelling for grass, goiug in the direction of Dalby. This person gives a deplorable account of the country passed through in the Maranoa district, not aveBtige of grass to be seon for hundreds of miles. A small lot of 30 fat bullocks passed near here on the 30th May for Mr. H. Dyer, of Miles, from Mr. Kable's Lilyvale run, Mr. II. Phipps in charge. These are long-framed heavy-weight bullocks. There are now passing dOO head of bullocks from Mr. Mayne's Ghin Ghinda run, recently pur- chased by the Messrs. Collins, of Tamroo- kum, and going in that direction, in charge of Mr. Mayne. I also hear of a lot of G00 store bullocks-a very fine lot from Glenhaughton -the property of Mr. M'Conell, going to Cressbrook, in charge of Mr. Rickards, within a day's stage of here ; will camp on the reserve to-night.-June 8 : The weather is cloudy. There was a heavy frost last night, and the first ice of the year waB seen this morning. Grass is fast disappearing, and the country is very dry.--Roma, June 91 11,000 sheep have passed here for Nive Downe ; also 1100 store bullocks, the property of Mr. Jas. I Lalor, for New South Wales. The weather IB very cold.-June 11 : Since the 17th Feb- ruary, when 1'81 inches of rain fell, only 0 G8 in. has fallen here. A drizzling rain com- menced this afternoon, but, although the weather is cloudy all round, pastoralists fear that the rain is not likely to continue. The country around Mitchell is almost a complete desert, and travellers report that the country between Mitchell and Charleville is no better. The creeks are drying up fast. WAWVICK, June 10-The weather still continues dry, thoutjh there are indications of rain, which is badly wanted. Grass and water aro giving out; but stock look well, considering the long and continuous drought. The wheat crop is coming up in patches, and, unless rain comes soon, the prospects of a payable harvest will be poor. GooBunnmr, June 1.-Weather still very dry. Rain much needed, and the settlers hard put to it to obtain water for the cattle. Fortunately many of them have a little sugar- cane growing which makes good winter feed. The weather is becoming gradually colder. DJIAYTON, June G.--There pasaed here to- day 4(500 breeding ewes from Weribone, Balonne to Clifton, Mr. John Ferguson in charge. STANTIIOHPE, Juue 10.-The weather has continued dry during the past week, but there is every appearance of rain to-day. Sharp frosts were experienced several mornings lately, with ice lin. thick. PiitPAiiA, June S.-Cold, rather sharply so, yet not frosty, although the thermometer at half-past nine this morning showed no more than 54 deg. in the sun. The fiwlds look browner every week, fast approaching the bush-fire degree, which fires will probably be fierce enough, judging from this the first true westerly wind of the season. No rain to supply water, only a drizzle to moisten the surface, and keep the stronger grasses alive, j 