Latest Intelligence. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Friday Night. The conference of the employers of labor and the Trades Hall Council met to-day and sat till two, and then ad journed until five o'clock. They have established a neutral basis for the re sumption of work in the boot factories, which it is understood all parties are likely to accept. The fire at Mt. Macedon is subsiding, but would again burst forth with a breeze. The fire is only about two hundred yards from the Governor's residence. The plants and young trees in the Govern ment nursery have been much injured. Scratchings.- Novel Selling Race Stone Broke. Selling Steeplechaso Two white men and one Chilnaman have lbeen arrested at ltoebutrn for the murder on 216th January. t'lh,e afen has Ioe!n exatmined,ll but nothing ies la ten touched. The keys were exchanged by the officer and hiddlen each night. The tmurderers coutl not find them. A warrant IHs boon'issued for the ar rest of the biy who victimisedl Hanks the grocer, losrei, the Iootmakcer, the Nontster Clothin Comlpny, Vislord, the lpawnbrolker, and several other Ilhrke street tradesm,,n h? false chceques. IHo obtained c 11t ? 0 int suostl of £5) to £10 u1ach. The wooden structures supporting the flumes at the Geelong water works are in great donger through immense bush fires. Wheat is dull at 3s GOd per bushel; flour, £7 10s per ton ; bran, 122d per bushel ; stout oats, 3s ld ; Maize 4s 10d. There has been a fine welcome change in the weather to-day. It is raining steadily now in Melbourne, and in some places up. country heavy showers have extinguished the bushfires. The prevalence of a dense fog outside the Heads this morning and in Port Phillip Bay rendered navigation diffi cult. The removal of the falls above the Queen's wharf has allowed the salt water fish to go higher up the river, and mullet were caught at Richmond yester day. A Shakespearian fair to raise funds to - build a Carmelite House in Melbourne is now being held at the Town Hall, prov ving very successful. 