NEWS AND NOTES. The anniversary celebration of the New Province Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., was held last Friday evening in the local Mechanics' Hall. There was a very good attendance of ladies and gentle- men, about thirty couple being present. The music was supplied by Mr J. Downie, senr., and Mr J. Downie, junr., on two violins, with Messrs Hickox and Currie kindly assisting occasionally on the concertina, to make proceedings more agreeable. The dance was greatly enjoyed by those present, who entered into the proceedings with spirit. The refreshments, supplied by Mr A. L. Galbraith, were found to be excellent, as were other arrangements for comfort made by the committee. Bro. C. Campbell acted as an efficient M.C., and the dance terminated at daybreak most satisfactorily. The retinld.rlatclh between the Sale and.Maffra cricket clubs, was played at Sale on Satuiday, ilieri the home teamrreceived a most emphlaic defeat. The sale club, thliodg strongly repre sented, were.dismissed for 31 and 67, HE Allei wilth 13 and 0, being the only player to make the slightest stand againstihe filie boTlingof Mitehelmore ,who is undoubtedly the premier bowler of lippsianid.. Maffra adide 10t, for wihlich they' bad to thank Rice, who played a praid hiittinig innings of 79, going in first, and being the last man out.-" Mercury." l The new hall at. Callignee lhas been supplied by Government with forms for school purposes. Thisis a conven ience to those attending the Church services held there, as previously the sitting accohmodatmin' was 'not Jdf the best class, although very-good arrange ments were made by the residents for the large number always present. At the last Sunday service, there must have been fully sixty persons at wor ship. - We hear that a teacher has been appointed to this' school, but has hot arrived yet. Bushfires have been very prevalent in the neighborhood of Flynn's Creek, Loy Yang, and Rosedale. At Flynn's Creek'they have been especially severe. The property of Mr 0. Marriage (,re viously owned by Mr Bredin) sullired considerable damage, a great amount of poest and rail-fencing being burnt, and difficulty was experienced by some of the neighbours in saving the hoame stead also from being destroyed. The cattle on' the'commons will suffer, as both the Rosedale and Loy Yang commons have been swept clean by the fire. Farmers and residents are en deavoring to check the progress of the bash fires. A:n accident, which, fortunately, was not as serious as it might have been, happened to the Rev. Mr Walker last Sunday afternoon. The reverend gen tleman bad conducted divine service in Iraralgon during the morning, and early in the afternoon was proceed ing to Eaglehawk to hold his usual alternoon service there. When croswing the bridge over the Traralgon creek, his horse slipped and fell, and Mr Walker received a very nasty fall. Although, fortunately, his injuries were not serious, yet he was unable to continue his journey, and fulfil his afternoon's engagements. He was able however, to obtain a substitute, so that the conugregations at Esglehawk and Scarne were not deprived of their customary services. We very much regret to have to record the death of Mrs White, of Tyers, one of the oldest residents of that district. At the time of her death, which occurred on Saturday last, the deceased lady was staying with her sister in South Yarra. HRr bocdy, however, was brought to Traral gon for interment, and arrived by the mid-day train on Monday. At the station a very large number of friends and residents of the district assembled in order to take part in the funeral procession, and testify to the esteem in which the deceased lady was hlld. The procession, which was an exceptio nally large one, moved away from the station about one o'clock. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev. J. G. Wilson. On Friday last at the local police court, before J. Peterkin, J.P., Thee. M'Garvey was charged with assaulting his employer, Mir W. Balderson. Sen. Constable Donoghue was a witness to the assault, which he did net con sider was a very serious one. As the defendant had already been locked up for three days, the Bench considered that lie had been sufficient;y punished so discharged him. it is searcely necessary to remind our readers that the concertin aid of the funds ,.f the local Catholic Church, will take place this evenilng. Judging from.the, programme, the concert pr.' mires to be one of the most successful ever held here, and we can safely pre dict a 'crowded'hbuse. We would ad oise those who are unxious to obtaini a good seat to go early, as the sitting ac comodation in our Mechanic's Hi!l is exceedingly limited, and will undoubt edly ?b all taken tip a very short time after the doors are opened. The joag looked for pillar box for the reception of letters at tihe lo cal Railway Station has at last arrived, anid' been, fitted up. It will be cleared' twice a day, at 84 a.mi. and 11483, and will no doubt be. a great convenienice to travellers on the Sale and Bairnsdale lines. An "accident (says the "Herald") very similar to that of the railway at Cootamunda, but more awful in its magnitude, occurred in America on the 20th December, 1876, the only one on record among railway accidents in Eurdpe or America which bears any resemblance. A bridge broke down in adsioiv storm. over a creek at Ashta bula, as at Cootamunda, just as the Sydney Mail Express, came to pass it. Over a hundred and seventy persons perished, -either by drowning or by fire. The Rosedale shire council invite applications for the position of engineer to the shire at a salary of £300 per annum. Applicants must be qualified under the Local Government Act 1£74. All old Gippslanders will hear with regret of the death of an old and highly respected resident of this district. We refer to. Mr James Rintoul, who ex- pired very suddenly at his residence, Annsfield, near Rosedale, on Tuesday afternoon. Deceased was in his usual health throughout the morning, but after dinner complained of a sudden pain in the heart, and almost imme- diately expired. For a period of about 20 years Mr Rintoul filled the position of a judge to the Rosedale Race club, and his sudden demise will be lamented by a wide circle of friends. Deceased leaves a widow and one daughter, Mrs Beck, of Maffra, to mourn their loss. Mr Rintoul was 76 years of age at his death.—" Times." 'ksad and fatal zecident occurred near Clydebank on Monday afternoon, by which a youth of about 15 years of age, named Alfred Bolton, lost his life by dsowning. It appears th thathe de ceased, together with Mr J. T. Little, was taking two horses across the Avon river in a punt, when a sudden gale of wind upset the craft, and precipitated both men and horses into tie water, and deceased never rose again to the surface. Every effort was made to at once recover the body, but it was not found until about 9 o'clock the same evening by Constable Walsh and MIr Little. The body was immediately taken to Stratford, where deceased's parents reside. An enquiry will be held.-" Times." The annexation of the New HIebri des by the French, was considered at some length by the Melbourne Presby tery on Tuesday, and during the course of the debate it was pointed out not only the probable injury to the Indians and Christian mission established in the islands, but the danger to Austra lians by the transference of French convicts, and by the splendid harbor of l-Iavannah falling into the hands of the French. Finally the Presbytery a dopted a resolution on the subject, and agreed to appoint a committee to pre pare a petition to be sent to Her MIa jesty's Government in England, asking that the Christian missions should be prctected.-"World" The yoeung man Marston, mentioned in another paragraph as haIvingab n e ted a daughter of Mr I-lower, G'en garry, last Monday night, was brou.s?it up at the OaklHigh Police Court, and remanded to Trrarlgon, where his ca.,: will be heard before the magistrates at the court-house to-day. Our readers will be sorry to learn that in consequence of the Rev J. R. Walker's mishap, he will not be able to attend to any of his appointmenti for Sunday next, but has arranged that services be held at Mlorwell and Traralgon on that date. Our Toongabbie correspondent, in speaking of the Hidddn Treasure Q.G.M. Co. says :--It was carried that the company should increase the capi tal to 3s per share, and that no call exceeded 3d per month per shore, alno that Mr M3. Nevins be sent up to the claim to inspect, survey, and give a thorough overhaul of the company's property and prospects, and give a fill report to th, meeting of shareholders to be held on Friday the 27th of Febru ary. We learn that Mr 1'. W. Kewishb, R.T., is to take temporary charge of Toongabbie Su:h S.S., pending the appointmelit of a permanent teacher in the place of Miss Scott, the late head teacher. Mr MI. M'Namara with his wife and family hi d a very narrow escape on VWednesday fromt what would have been, in all probability, a feartul acci dent. While driving into the town ship, and when about half way over the Traralgon bridge, he noticed a team of bullocks and waggon coming dashing towards him. There not being time to turn and go back, he with great pre sence of mind backed the car, quickly off the bridge, and none to soon, for the foremost biullock striking one at the shafts, caused the trap to wheel round. We are happy to state that no damage was done other than scaring the occupantse. No tender has been received up to date f r th:e contract for droini:g, ete, at Hazclwood morass. On Tueday evening the Iibernicon C. pany gave their firse perforsansce in Tronatgon in the-1Mechanics' Hall, oa ::crowded house. Thelentertain Slent pourtraos the progress of a p. rty of American tourists thiru ah Ireland,; under the direction of an Ir'sh guide. I I)ur ng the course of the entertaimnnen!, beautifully execiiti d "Ihnolioran viewsc of thoiplaces visited were placed before the audi: cc, aid were much tiidi;ri l. The 'song;S.id dances "'hih i ýee Iren dered during the evening,, ere also well recetied,'a d ele?ted 'frequent ap plause. The entertainment is one of the most interesting that we have been favored with for some time, combining real fun aod anitisement ssith muce histborical information. A second lper formance was given on Wednesday night. A correspondent gives the following recipe for a cheap and efficient fly poi I son:-One teaspoonful arsenic, well stirred in a teacupful of boiling water and sweeten with two teaspoonsful honey or sugar, set in saucers. Things are looking up in..the local liechabite Tent. They have lately had an increase of members, and in stead of holding their meetings, as at present, at Mr S. Williamson's resi dence, they intend holding them in some convenient plate in the township, due notice of which will be made in the "Temperanoe News." They hope by this to have a greater increase of members of the order. The cricket match between Shaw's English Eleven and twenty-two of Queensland was concluded on Tuesday and resulted in a decided victory, for the Englishmen With nine wickets to sjate. The Queenslandersin their 1st innings made 114 runs, and only 45 in their 2nd ; the Englishmen scored 128 runs in their first, and 83 for 1 wicket in their second innings. The annual p;c-nic in connexion with the Church of Eogland Sunday Srhool will take place next Thursday afternoon. The scholars are requested by the superintendent to assemble tat the church at one o'clock, after vhidich they will proceed in a body to the plate chosen for the pie-nic. A trial of Binnie's patent gas making machine took place on Tuesday after noon at 160 Queen-street in the .pre Eence of a number of person.. The machine is furnished with a cast iron retor', which can be heated by a very small fire, the, material for which can be either wood, coal or coke. The in gredients for making the gas are mel ted fat passed into the retort by drops; water, which also drips by mneins of a pipe and syphon into the retort. lit t ata much slower rate than the f ' , ,.d air, which is forced into the retort by means of an air pump. Instantaneously on the receipt of the three ingredients mentioned in the retort, gas isgenerated and is then taken in tihe ordinary way, to be condensed and pur:fied before stored in the usual manner. The light that was shown on Tuesday was a fine clear and steady light, and apparently equal to the ordinary gas supplied in Melbourne, A company has puirchased the invention, and is prepared to supjplyj gas making plants for country towns, hotels factories, mines and private. houses at a very little cost.-" Ago.'. A meeting of hop-growers (says the "Argus") was held at Bairnsdale on Wednesday night to consider the re sult of the recent conference in Taema nia, and the recommendation to abolish the duty on hops imported from that colony. Arrangements were made to hold a monster meeting next Tuesday to protest against the recom mendation being given effect to, on the ground that it would be ruinous'to the hop industry of the colony. The weather during tie present we: k has been about the hottest that wi hyve experienced this summr r. iHus! firt e have been raging in all Ihr: eti,.ns, and for the last few days hlie town has been enveloped in smoke. A change of weather is anxiously looked for. -.t the Toongabbie Court on Thurs day, AMr Howitt, P.M., granted special Impetrial lice?nses for 3 months each, to Mr Wood, of Gowwarr, and Mr W. R. Co .to, of Toongabbie. As Warden, Mr Ilowitt granted the lease app!ication of Mr J. Shepherd. On December 20, the Premier tole graphed to the agent general that news had been received of the annexation by Germany of the north coast of New Guinea and other Pacific lands. Mr Service strongly protested against that action on the part of Germany, and made an appeal to Lord Derby. A day or two subsequently, Mr Murray t'mith wrote a despatch on the subjeer, inticmatiog that the Colonial Office at first doubted the authenticity of the news, that they subsequently admitted it, tlht tthey acknowledged that rhe action of Germany was unfriendly, and that they held out ho.es that it might be possible by negotiation to reverse the action of Prince Bismarck, so far as New Guinea was concerned. JMr smith asho alluded to the apathy of the Colonial Office, ana deplored the want of unanimity it Australia, and especially the action of New South Wales.-" Argus." MIr J. P. Garran, II.L.A., has con sented to act as umpire in the boat race on Saturday bewean Haulan and Clifford for £1000. Both men Icrformed good trials over the championship course. "Argus." A courageous act, necessary in the discharge of duly, was performed the other day by a telegraph line repairer, Charles Sharpe, who is in the service of the Telegraph deparlment. A new wire had recently been constructed across the eastern passage from Grif fith's Point to Philliip Islind, being crled on masts 1ilift. high, so as to permit the free passage of ships that are occasionally drivten into W\Vstern Port for she'ter. At the height ofllfc a pulley blork 'i fastened to each ple. Ti rough this bldck trins a wire, which is used for the purpo-e of drawisng up a line to enable the aworkminan to asccnd the mast wient'repairs -ate required Unfortunately this wire on the Griflitih' Po!nt mast broke. The ma-t must be asd?nldd for 1lOft., and as it is about Of . in circui.ferrnce it was obviuslr a work_of great difficulty and danger, for tt was impossible to clasp round it. Shlrpe, essayed the task, however. Wlithhid feet shod with spur-climbers, to dig into the mast at every step up ward, he ascenddd the pole, carrying at the same time the wire lhe had to thread through the' block. His nerve and coolness did not fail him, and he ac complished the perilous task, which probably 90 outof 100 would never have attempted.-" Argus." Tho present hot weather (says the "Times') seems decidedly favorable to the multiplying of snakes. Last week no fewer than nineteen of these unwel come reptiles were found at Maffra under a log in a piece ofground knoivn astlhe factory paddock, situate on the Macalister River. They were all young and lively, and were discovered by a lad, who on seeing them an nounced that he had found a lot of yorng lizards. However, he was soon set right on this point, and eleven of the snakes were secured alive and placed in bottles, the remainder being buret. A great deal of interest is being ta ken in.the proposed cricket match be tween the clergy and the bar, to be played at Melbourne to-day. Every effort is being made to get good teams toether. At the close of the match Mrs Moorhouse will present a prize bat to the highest scarer. As already ar nounced, a small charge will be made for admissin, with the laudable inten tion of forwarding the proceeds to the fund being raised for the widow and family of the late F. Morley, the well knoown English cricketer. Consequent on late arrival, we have been obliged to condense some of the items. "Considerable amusement (says the "Herald") was caused at the Dimboola Police Court. on :aturday last, during tihe hearing of several cases arising out of the Chinese Camp. Four were charged with being tisorderly and keeping disorderly houses, and three lawyers were retained, viz. Mr Stedman, of Nihill, Mr Anderson. of Dimboola, and' Mr Ireland, of Horsham. The three professional men proved too much for Sergeant O'Shannesy and did a great deal of ' bluffing:' It was re ported that another female was in the row who had not been summoned, and, of course, they wanted to know the reason,,nmuich to the merrmient of the crowd assembled in court. The best of it is that ours worthy IoIosham profes sional had to .act the part of match niaker in respect to his ciients who awere named La Se and L'zzie Li Seeoon. After hearimg the piaricu'ars on Friday evening, after his arrival, he advised them to get married if they wishe:l to escape.' Both of them' aoreed to this. They accordingly proceeded to the par sonage at 11 o'clock that night, where the worthy solicitor had to perform the part of giving away the bride. Next morning when the caea was called upon Mr Ireland made the 'announcement that the parties had got married, and he was deputed to invite the bench, police, and members of the bar to partake of the wedding breakfast. Roars of laughter followed this an nouncement. All the bootmaking factoies in b'. larat resumed work on Monda5y m?,? ing, but the employers reserve to thc selves tile right to grant outdoor ir irreipective of the union. Sver01al plications were made on Mcanlldl I members of the union for work to t; home, and they were supplied inac, dance with the terms of the agreyer, of the 2.5th January.-" Argue." Last Sunday evening a petitionl presented at the Preshbyterian Chur,i by the Rev J. G-. Wilson, to the c gre,,atiam for signature, 're" the creased running of trains on Sind3 The rev. gentleman explained l, clearly the objects of the pettiton, a showed that it was a subject t:; should commend itself to every C1,r tian; that it was, in fact a work man's question. The petition wast r and signed by a goodly ntumber ti, the service. It will r:o dou bet merously signed ill 'ITrralon, aInl: bo at the Presbyterian Church ir, Sunday for signature. After l?rtdt. it is to be sent to the Coanti.iner:,. Ratlways. WVhile the world's tns' ,:ri, plorersihave been treing the ni . d.ri of the Polar Sea and navigatingo r newly found streams and lakesolC, tral Africa, a remarkable discov, rv t. an American contim;iorary) has t; made within a thousand miles of . York by the Geoeraphical Socik t of Quebec. Within 500 or i000 yi. of the northern boundary of lsnir: there has been found, if tel reor made by the mnember' of thit s:i:: are worthy of bel ef, an inl:and sela large es Lake SuEerlior. Midway tweCen the St. Lawr tnce Itcr .nd southern extremity of Iluesot's : stretchintg in a north:it rFt dirvi vi. fromt Ontario 'o Labrador, is a w-i sithed of slight eleration, dr, .iguat. d the maps asas" l!eight of Land" few miles to the nortl nard fits a -I: lake known as Lake Slist::ssi: i, :. xh:ch a stream known as Ihul ,rt's! ier flows into the southl?rn itturn, of lindlson's faye. Thie region ie?y tl o ant. rrohel, b. twt et I abriador undson's Ily, is uinllabi:ed ex. by a few Ind rtts tc.d he mHalers , pr st eia o t lil t d I llly trt :S .ti , the Hudson's Bay Comparny. I1 region, not far frto t' o rmall ,i .k, l ) tassi, , . hicih may be seen on t!.e : lies the trea:t lak , v hilh has :us . ? be.n found.--" Age. sider.n tie reiket of t'te jury itt C oota rtln , ra i "ein t -lit 11i 11i f.ti : : and tl'hros the blaml, of c'is'.t r i the lo:.:: ufi cia!s. "It :s l.r t . rid of the imi; r, soion-the il S.. EI ra:d consdders--that with more of c lance and energy before e he tim?e lighting lamps arrived, the tr in '. have been saved. The elginersi".. not. be expected to provideagainst : unfor?eenl ; but throurhout the it of Sunday, the iniications of d1t were brf re men's eves. Wah\ til weters in the rtrels tif Cootataetii, it was for hours only a naturat! qlue,' How hires the railway line? 'I'i: bnbility secms to be that ha: i been ts much forethougilt anti . on the spot as was disl~yed by Minister for Works and Ihs asti,:. in Sydney in taking measuares otri the're woulti have Leen a very dilltI,: tale to tell. What promises to be a mosrt axtr dinary case tame unlder tho ttnile the Melbourne Detective potct'. Tuesday. At an early hiour In-l,?: Kennedy received a tilecr:am flrost police authorities at Trtr Igoe, Gi: land, stating that a young matt Ito: Edward Marston, aged 20 }tars, I. abducted a young lady named 1:. add thnt they both left by truoi I Melbourneo on Tuesday mornio g. i message further stated tlilatt .a an!: was issued for the arrest of 31ari and the detectives trere reques!td search the train. A detectile 1 Melbourne at once proceeded to 0. leigh, and on the arrival of tlhe trit that staticn Marston was arrested , the assistance of the local po!i These are all the particulars as yet hand, but as far as we have heard case is an extraordinary one. i young lady mentioned, it is Elated, a also seen in the train with iMars: but she was allowed to proceed to . tourne.-" Herald." HIlis Lordship the Bishsp of 31 bourne will hold a confirmation l vice at Stratford on Sunday next a. o'clock in the afternoon, and will pr1" at St. Paul's Chure , Sale, in the (e? ing, and on Tuisday evening, 16 inst., he will deliver an addrtss st conversazione to be held at the t Victoria Hall. The hishlop will t' proceed to Omeo, and hold a confirn tron sernrie on Sunday, 15th inst.; will visit Lindenow and conduct a vice on the 1S1h, and hold a coufirr tion service an Bairnisdale on the I: On Sunday, the 2-nd, he will pre: at IIefield in the morning, and 1 fir in the evening. Ho will deliir lecture at the latter place on the el ing of the 23rd, and also at a: mneeting at Longford on the fo'lo: evening. On We dnesday, 5h,!i will preach at Clyd.b. ki, alll I hold a confirmation service at: Paul's church, Gale, ti ''hu rsdiv cr: ing, o2ith inst. Oii Sunday, J3Ir 1st, lie will preach i t Wiarraiul, u11 ing and ivcni-'g ' ( 'Ilh .:ii March 5ith, the bi:it p oili P,., Drouin, and on the 6ithi at Trar.:l?c On Sunday, 8th, lie will lo d a c?" firmation servcee a' T!ongabbie ia i morninga and pre?lih at Ro edt;le: the evening. Ie will ia-o i li " lecture at the latter place, on ti ert ing of Monday, 9th. On tlle 10th will I o at Nilrboo, where s cent°:" tion service and tea itmeting tilt held. He will also preach at 3ltorie on the 12th, and on the following it at Waterloo.-" Times." 