SPORT AND DEATH. ONLY a few days have elapsed since we drew the attention of the Bailway Department to the trouble and loss caused by the engines used on tiie Eastern Bailway setting fire to private property on each side of the line. Of course not the slightest notice was paid to the warning, and it appears as if the railway authorities were obstinately deter mined to endanger && safety of other people's property of their own will and for their own pleasure. Of course it may bethat, ignorant of the climatic effects of our summer season, their ears are shut to all advice and their men tal vision is blinded to the foresight of danger. But be this as it may, the forecast we made has already been verified fa the most lamentable man ner, and the note of warning we sounded has now swelled into a bitter cry of despair. Up aud down the line, from Guildford to Fork, reports have poured in upon us of the mischief done to private property by sparks from the eugines falling upon and igniting the dry herbage. One person at the Clackline has been en tirely burnt out ; and only those who are acquainted with the fall meaning attached in Australia to the words 'burnt out' w.'ll be able to realise the full terror of the meaning the ex pression conveys. Others have to neglect their work at least thrice a day, and devote themselves to the toil of extinguishing fires the passing engines have caused. Anyone who has ever been engaged in beating out a bush-fire under the powerful rays of the bunting Australian summer sun, can easily recall to memory the frightfully exhausting nature of the work, and can easily understand how such harassing anxiety and severe toit|disable even tiie strougest person, in both mind and body, to pursue bis ordinary daily avocatienB. Some idea of the magnitude of the mis fortune with which the farmers alone the route of the Eastern Bailway are afflicted, may be gathered from tiie following facts.— One settler this week had three men employed at seven shillings a day in extinguishing fiies on his farm. Another, on Wed nesday hist, was thrice occupied with seven men in driving back tiie de vouring flames from his property, and when just as he was afterwards sitting down to his dinner the fonrth alarm was raised, and all had to at once hurry from the untasted meal, to renew their conflict with the fire fiend. The nuisance is in fact becoming so intolerable that the afflicted persons ire crying out tbat they wish they bad never seen the railway ; and, not unnaturally under tiie circumstances, regard it as a curse instead of a bless ing. But it may be urged that after all the settlers do not suffer any material injury, as all they have to do is to send in their claims for compensation, to have them at once recognized and: promptly paid by tiie authorities. To any person made wise by practical ex perience however, the idea would be fully appreciated at its true value, and would be regarded as only a bitter jest adding insult to injury. Last year a poor man living alongside the line was burnt out ; he wrote to the Bailway Department, claiming com pensation for the to him ruinous loss he had sustained, but did not receive any reply; he subsequently wrote again and again, but the authorities did not condescend to even acknow ledge the receipt of his letters ; and now, this year, he has been again burnt out ! That such an easily re- T mediable state of things should be allowed to continue unchecked is quite inexplicable, save upon tiie ground that the railway authorities care for none of these things. There is a very old fable of some boys who once proceeded to divert themselves by stoning some wretched frogs. Upon being remonstrated with for their cruelty they artlessly replied that tiiey 'enjoyed the fan.' 'Yes!' responded their victims, u but your fan means death to us.' It possibly may be regarded by some as being a good joke to run engines through the bush under the semi-tropical heat of an Australian summer, without Gpark catchers, bnt to the unfortunate settlers indulgence in such sport means death indeed. 