How I Became a Selector. XI. Ik ■what someone has rather finely tennod'" tho faintly dotted picture of his monotonous' life,," the avorago city toiler has fow opportunities of making promin ent tho points showing a'departure from routine; one, however, is the facility with which ho can leave the noise and dust of the town for the quiet enjoyment of spots liko the 0110 I am now speaking of. A day spent in'some peaceful valley shows him that there are other things in tho world than hurry and strife, and he gi ci back to hia work with the renewed vigor which comes from a recognition of that fact It was now high noon on the Wed nesday of Cup week, and until we rested in the quiet of our ferny hollow neither P. nor myself had made any reference to tho great raoo. Melbourne was for us a placo that onco had been, but was now forgotten. Not so forgetful waiourguido. lio seized tho opportunity to ask news of the fart>ff world, and thoroby recallod us suddonly from our lethargy. Ho ought to havo waited until the day's work was over, because "thon, with no other in fluence present to engross attention, wo could havo given him all we knew. With no small regret, therefore, we turn our steps away from the creckaide and begin to climb the sido of tho further hill. ROn its top,- accumulated by weather and decay, aro great heaps of rubbish, leavos, scrub, branches, and tho like. Those invite thu application of a match by their likeness to those artificially Rathorod masses on cleared lands. Wo seize with alacrity the means provided, and chronicle our arrival by a miniature bonfire. Thore is no danger of tho fire spreading, because the grass, that usual fire conductor, is too gieen to burn. I havo never soon a bush fire in the rango country, but from tho fierce way our cx perimunt succeeded an ea^y inference can bo drawn as to the probablo effect of a random spark dropped in midsummer among the dry fuel all round us on these hills'. Fancy the spccUclo of a dozen hills blazing in one fiery wave from base to summit under the resistless force of a north wind. .At night from the vantage point of this hill (for from it a good view of the rango is gainod) such a sight would be tcrrilly grand. In order to enjoy thoroughly the grandcui of a bush-fire, one must havo no interest at slake, otherwise the splendour flightens and the glory dwarfs besido the fesr of loss. Children show tho human lovo for fire most strongly because they know nnt of the risk they run in playing with it. Perhaps the plucking of the fatal fruit has in this cose as well as in others spoiled man's capacity for enjoying similar amuse ment. P. who has only htard of the ruin which bushfires occasion, enters into the firing with zest and beforo we leave the place a goodly space is dearcdof sticks and (fcoru. The turning point of our tint day on the hills is however reached here, and on X.'s suggestion that dinner waits below because the hour is late, wa follow him in as direct a track as hunger can devise to his homestead. It would hare done a dyspeptic to death with envy had ha witnessed the result of exercise and fresh air upon our appetite. In sketching the programme of the day's work one thing had been left out of our calculations, namely, _ the laziuess which comes of unwonted exertion. AH the morning tho first |«it of the work had lieen carefully carried out, but it had entailed a great expenditure of energy. Therefore when we had finished dinner there was liitlo inclination on nnyono's |mrt to continue on tha marked lines. Tho arrangement had been this, to do that which was already dono and then to walk somo throe or four miles to a spot in which X. said ijrew somo leviathan gumtrees, (to which bis owu larger ones were, as the hazels of the mountain gully to them.) They dwelt on thu flats along side tho " Nino mile" creek. Had we visited them I might have had something of interest to tell to those who delight in the gigantic in nature, but alas ! a foaling of languor was too much for our desire to sco theto giants, audX. no doubt thought within himself that we valued too lightly his- prodigies. The rest of the afternoon was «pent in a quiet ramble over his domain, and perhaps when we bad seen (and admired) all his wot k« and possesions, his log-fences, his stock, his grasses and and thereby testified to hia induxtrr, he may have forgotten the ill-treatment of his wonders. (Jno day yet remained for the accom plishment nf our selecting mission. To return to town landless " weru a consum mation devoutly to bo"—avoided. We hnd bad a jolly tinio, but one thing more was needful in older to render the whole outing complete, Mid to cave ourselves from a sense of failure in our attempt to becomo "selectors." The ovonin; of the morrow would find us 011 our way back victorious or landless. Now, tho diffi culty was not tho want of material; around our friend's .homo there were plenty of untouched acres; but the abundance of it. For it must be remem bered that under tho land Act iv furco last year the acreage selectable by one person was limited strictly to 320 acres; whether it went in nne tpot or many he might not .choose more—Eventually P. agreed with ma that the forenoon of the morrow ehould bo employed in going over the likely places. If ever I published a ■' selector's guide," my care should be to give in detail all the points of advantage which enter into the question of goodness or badness in a selection, and which wo, with tho help of X, considered bi'fore coming to the above conclusion. Immediately after breakfast the imple ments of selection were collected. These aro few where thero is forest, so that, in our case, a tomahawk and »omp slips of paper were all we needed. With these we started, as on tho previous morning, for the hills. Following the sama track, now made more easy by reason of previous use, the slopes of the range wero soon beneath our feet, and at length wo reached a point wherefrom a ruht angle might be extended so as to include the good soil and the bead and greater part of that fern gully I mentioned in an earlier number of this narrative. Here the first was driven in, and a right anjfe cut deep in the earth with the tomahawk. To the peg P. affixed his name, the desired number of acres, and an intimation tn all comers that ho (P.) was tho intending selector of them. This dono,: the same operation was repeated at another point on the oUier and opposite nill, and then tho selecting process wai complete.. It was left to tho departmental surveyor to discover the other corners of tho lot. A ronuh calculation showed that tho survey, would contain that part of tho rango, which our exploration had thown us to bo, best for soil, viow, and water; and over which much time had been speut in yes terday's ramble. . Thus was the fact which callt'd this account into being accom plished iv far as one of us was concerned, and when 1 had set my pegs in so as to include a "lot" alongside, tho business of our travel was over. Not'so fast! X., intoresto;! from per sonal and kindly motives in this selecting businoas, was not quite pleased with the choice we hud made. Tho aitc was too far from his selection, he thought, and the approaches were difficult. Thero was a piece of land adjoining hiu own on tho further sido which would repay tha cost of selection, although tho soil was not so good as that of tho mountain side. It would be better for us to peg than the lattnr. All these reasons ho urged to no effect, and Irs superior wisdom in such mutters was obstinately disregarded. The rest of the morning was spent i.i a scramble over the hills and amid the gullies of the newly-acquired domiin. There were some formalities yet to bo «us<rv#d before any title was obtained, but they wrro looked upon ax tiiflinj.', compared with that winch had li en accomplished. - H. 