Lat^t TQlegraras^ J^aOH, OUB OWN OBBHiKSPONDBSaB.).. Intercoloziial. BY.DNBY, ThuT'tbr. Sijii- Jfcioi Robertpca. has oabloi-. Sia- Waul Saouislusiing for iijornnation anta tiotrue poHhiSn, cJ attnirs in N«7 Guinea,. Tito- Bilniai-n Stoam Ferry Cajnpaay have arranged, to pnrohasa the plant* iuoluling the tn^away, of the Parrtuaatta Rijer. SttamBhip CcrapaiTy for £75,0aO. Anhoy the lato mate of tho sciooncer Douro, vu^h OIhoil and Ani^z. A.B.'fl^ area now in SVydne-jr. They Btnte they aro wilh'sg to give . ovideiee agoinnt. Captain Fcsenseu at any. Tiimary that mi'.y, be, made. Tba passongor tenffio on tha rail vrays during^ ,tho holidaya wj»» the greatest ever known, |buin-t 21,000 in, sicess of la?t year's. The iriuxabnrii cat rial on the four days (Christmas i S vb, ChriBtrj.tt& Kay, Box5ng Eay, and Mon dtij) -woro l&^&DO;, nnd 1,057. penny tickets wtro collected. on tho tranvlinos. It i» intended at the close off next month to aistributo the Now Guineaourioa now on viewat the old Arl Gallery amongsttho various bi anohes' of the Goographioal Society in Sjdnoy, Mol-. bourne, Bnsbano, and Adelaide in pr^ortion.. to thoir aontributiona tawards the expense ofv the lato ospedition. An vnmonso fall of ooal ooourred in Globo. CollieJiy, Nawoastlo, yosteiday. T» o minirfl, were tesiously injured: Tesapo is still llrsV favourite for Tattereoll.B, Cup, 3. to 2 boing too best offer. Off Colonis has. been backed htavily up to 4 to 1, which is. now the boat offor. Pooresa haE.receded to. 15. tol. Nothing elso ia supported. An interesting statement wan tolegraphed to ttse Daily Telegraph from Oooktown mndo by board tho notorious Bohooner Douro. Hiaevi donoo goos to show that HorenBfn waa a most humane und honest man, and that tho state ments mado by Aslier aro. untruo. RuvciiBworth, Rifloehot, and Geriso and Bluo havo buou soratohed for TattorBall's Cup. Lord Oarringlou laid tho ooornor stono of th» enlargement to dt. Paul's Collego, within tho University of Sydney, yestordnv afternoon, and afterwards visited tbo Soudan Kncamp mont at tho Exhibition Building. Henry Green, tho viotim of the Bonrko tragedy, lion in the Biimo condition. Thig morning his ouso wag raovo hopoful. Sir John Robertson's 'proposal to obtain large payments' from Crown tenants for what is known as the tenant*' rights, is considered,' ly Mr. Abbott, the.ex-Minister,to,be -utterly impracticable. No formal meeting of the Opposition has taken' place since last Thurs day, but it is deoided that a want of confidence motion be moved upon tho meeting of the Houses, but no ohoice ban yot been made of members to move it. ..«' The Opposition are confident that suoh a motion can bo carried by a largo majority, but tho Government party seem equally oo&fidont; it will not. A fatal case of snakebite is reported from 3?iney Bnnge, Albury. A young girl named Annie Tynan, servant at Cob! olio's Hotel, was bitten, in' the palm of her hand by a snake, and, notwithstanding the usual remedies being applied, died within a few hours. Melboubne, Thursday. At a large meotiijg of tho whaif Inbourers, held last evening;: atf' tho Trades' Hull, it was unanimously resolved to go out on striko. I A fatal acoident ooourred yenterday morning to a fishing party on the river Qoulburn, a few miles from Murchison. Three young men named Lauronoe Morthansen, Georgo Hodge, and John Shaw were rotuming to their oamp, having set some fishing lines, when tho boat, a flat- bottomed one, etruok a enag and cap Bizcd. Hodges, being unable to swim, stuok to tho boat and finally got on to a fallen tree. The other two struok out for the shore, but NorthanEen, being weighted down ?with a heavy overcoat, sank and was drowned. Shaw got safely to the bank. One of the most destructive fires that has oc curred hero for a long time past, broke out last evening in Sandridge road, when the bonded f atore, No. 7, owned by the Melbourne Storage Company, was completely destroyed with its contents. Tho building was a brick one, and filled with a large quantity of koroane and ? other inflammable oils, also woolpacks, tobacco, salt, and other miscellaneous goods. Tho fire was observed about 7 o'olock, and shortly after wardB tho whole pltoe was in a blaze. The fire brigades arrived rapidly, but their efforts, so far as the building in -which, the firo originated was concerned, were futile, as the whole building and its contents were com pletoly destroyed. Tho firo was wit nessed by Beveral thousands of people, and the heat, owing to the inflammuble nature of the materials burning was intense, bo much so that all traffio on tho Sandridge xoad was stopped, as no one could pass on ac count of the great heat. Nearly overy brigade in tho city was in attendance, and their efforts prevented the fire spreading to tho adjoining store. At half-past 12 the fire was still raging, but wbb kept in check by the fire-brigades.;The cause of the conflagration is a mystery. The damage done is estimated at £20,000. Nothing is known about the insuranoe. Some SO mer chants had goods stored in the building. Adelaide, Thursday. Mr. E. W. Pitts, tho well known shtep breedor,' died yesterday. The last meeting of the conference in eon neotion with the bootmakers' strike was held on Tuesday evening. A copy of the state ment of wages agreed to by the conference was gone through [jand approved of, the chairman being directod to sign it. Then men will work under the new statement on and after Monday next. Further particulars have been received respecting tho three men foundat Clifton Hills. It is stated that Wiggott, Granger, and Wil longhby were travelling from Birdsvillo aoross country when tbey noticed a piece of calico fluttering in a bush, and on going to the spot were horrified to find three men lying dead as if aBlcep. It is supposed they were members of a party of nine labourers travelling from Innaminoka a fortnight ago. The police are searching for the remaining six men. Auckland, WednesJay. Several bushfires are raging in Hawkes Bay district, and great damage has been done to tho township. The busy settlements have been surrounded by fires, and many houses have been destroyed, poople being rendered homeless. 