DECAY OF THE TEETH. In the introduction to Iris " JNatural History of the Hainan Teeth, explaining their Structure, Use, Formation, Growth, and Diseases," published in 1778, John Hunter indicated a good and clear line o£ delimitation between the province of the medical practitioner and that of the dentist. It may be worth while to repro duce his opinion for' contemporary guid ance : " All the diseases of the teeth, which are common to them with the other parts of the body, should be put under the management of the physician or sur geon ; but those which are peculiar to the teeth, and their connections, belong pro perly to the dentist." It follows from ( this that decay of the teeth" is a malady ?which ought to be regarded as falling within the province of the medical practi tioner, and we incline to think that it de serves more general and closer attention than is commonly bestowed upon it. Hunter (whose works might, with those of Culien and the older writers, be advanta geously studied again by the generation of practitioners who have forgotten them, and even condescendingly read by that contemporary generation which has been so beneficently provided with newer and better light and leading) was of opinion that decay of the teeth had great signi ficance as regards the state of health. He argued, and not unwisely, that if a part of the organism which is not subject to rapid decay after death dies during life, there must be something active to kill it, or, as he puts it, " there is some opera tion going on which produces a change in the diseased part." And he deduced from the morbid anatomy of decay of the teeth that It is not due to external or accidental causes, but that the evil commences within; moreover that " this disease and its consequences seem to be peculiar to youth and middle age ; the shedding teeth are as subject to it, if not more so, than those intended to last through life, and we seldom or ever see any person whose teeth begin to rot after the age of fifty years." This last fact is notable. If a man can keep Ms teeth until after middle age, he may ge nerally count on keeping them to the end. There seems to be some reason for thinking that decay of the teeth is commoner now than it used to be. Assuming this to be the fact, it would be interesting to en | quire whether there is anything in our modern mode of life which has~a tendency to cause the teeth to decay. The old fashioned notion about eating sugar and acids and the like is exploded. 'Mean while it may be worth asking if want of vigor is not a cause of decay of! the teeth, and if want of vigor observable among certain classes of children and young per sons is not due to the increasingly artifi cial character of the lives the young lead ; with diminution of fresh air and exercise, and that aggravation of mental tasks and brain and nerve worry which characterises the educationary .and developmental stages of our modern life. The young people of America are particularly subject to decay of the teeth, and they are also con spicuous for their advanced mental culture and the protective . care bestowed upon them. They are fed and dressed . like adults, and they are f' forced," in an in tellectual sense, to the serious deprecia tion of the organic material of which ; the human body with its brain and nerves is composed, and of the vital energy . with j which xt ought to be endowed. -Lancet', On the opening of the quail season («?aya the Ballarat Courier), a party of Ballarat gentlemen, headed by Mr T. W. Purdue, and including Mr MofiUt, of Minersrest, Mr J. L. Parves, of Melbourne, and Mr J. 0» Smith, of St. Kilda, proceeded to one of the stations of Messrs Norman and 0. Wilson for a few days' shooting, and were not only successful beyond their expectations amongst the quail, but also "bagged" something else totally unexpected* Amongst other topics of conversation during their sojourn there, the Heytesbury bush-fire disaster was inci dentally mentioned, and one of the genial sports suggested the advisability of the party affording a little practical sympathy to the unfortunate selectors. An impromptu meeting was at once held, a treasurer (Mr M'jntosh, Minersrest) appointed, and a subscription list drawn up, which was liber ally respouded to, Messrs Norman and G. Wilson, with others, heading it with £5 each. The result of their labors has heeo the collection of the handsome sum of £5$ 14% which has been placed in the bank cowards the fund now being raised for the relief of those poor unfortunate selectors who haro been rendered destitute by the recent fire. The example is certainly worth imita* ting by other sportsmen* 