REVIEW. A Flood that led on to Fortunse.*: IT is not the privilege of the critic nowv adays to grow enthusiastic over a now book, but the rarity of a work from a colonial author calls forth such delight that the reviewer is apt to be led into the sin of hyperbole. Nevcrtheless, we feel sure that our readers will not accuse us of oxtrava. ganuce when we say that, without exception, the novel uentitled ' A Flood that led on to Fortune " is the most vivaciouse, as well as most instruotive and blrightly-written, colonial story .that has passedthrough our haucs for some time. The anluthor is the well- known colonial writer, Mr. R. . J. Houlding, who for many years was a resident of; Raymond Terrace. Many of his compositions have, du:ing the last quarter of a century, ap. pered in the Sydney weekly press, but of late years he has published in England several booke, notably those called, "In the Depths of the Sea," " Launching Away," "'The Pioneer of a Family," and "The Stubble Family." All of these, and the work now under review, were published under his familiar 1ene de plume of " Old Boomerang." He is a man of not only large iad varied knowledge of Australian affaire, but' he Is ,ne of the few writers of modern times who know how to write books from which admirable life- lessons cn ,e learned. Any young person who will lay his counsels to heart cannot fail to find the way to culture, knowledge, and useful. ness of life, if not to fortune. Few writers of fiction of the present day have introduced English renders so completely to the inside of Australian rural domestic life as the writer of this book. It brings the people of Australia before us with all their virtues, failings, simplicity, shrewdness, pleasures, a d tronbles. The prominent eharacteris tics of the work are its delightful remlniscences drlife in -T"n-yo "nil at thi. HIawkcsbury district, and the thoroughly philo- ophic spirit in which they are written. Mr. floulding has conscientiously touchiel , with that light anl graceful hand which is common to him, things that he has soon end has known with greater fidelity and a wider'kuowledge tihan are usually found in suchl books. From start to finish the it terest of the, smoothlly runing narrative is well kept up, and besides exciting incidents arising from tfloods, droughlts, bush-fires, &c.;, there is enough of the extraordinary to lift the story above the general run of books of a ' similar character. The style is lucid and simple, full of picna sant humour, and with some pretty touches of fee!ing. The stry Is good, the principle inculcated admirable, and some of the cbaracteristie bits of description full of heart-stirring pathos. Indeed, the tone throughout is not only plea'ant and hellthy, but singularly free from sentimental or " mawlish " blemishes which generally dis figure colonial productions. Like anll the author's previous iwritiogs, it is sound, sel s:ble, and fullof Cliiristian sunshine to the end. Thle book opens with anl accounot ot a disastrous flood in the valley of the Hawkes bury, by which a settler, MIr. Summers (with his wife iand family of fivc;children), under goes great suffering and privation. Mr. Summers had been a victim to one of the early "S~outh Sea Bubbles" or land manias. In 1842 he was induced by. a London broker to invest all his savings in 640 acres of land of the New Zealand Association territory in Cook's htraits. On his arrival at Wellington, he found the land not so valuable as repre sented, and with many other investors he was disappointed, for the Maoris threatened to club him if he asserted his rights, while on the other hand his" town allotment" formed part of a swamp. Sdon after his arrival an eartbquake did:much damage to the town, and he. got employment renairing build eings. As ivages were then very high he sden managed to save enough to pay for a steerage passage to Sydney. There he got employ ment in a grocery store, and a few years subsequently started business for himself. Just as he found himself on the way to for tune a flash of lightning during a heavy storm struck a gable of his store, exploding several canisters of gunpowder, end tihe place wasdestroyed by fire. Nothing daunted, he rented Cloverleighl farm, a homestead of 100 acres at the Hawkesbur.,. Here he found droughts, floods, rust, grub, and the caterpillar, very destructive to cross, while the price of produce ws anything but remunerative. Notwithstanding all these drawbacks he plodded on in the hope that things would turn out more fortunate. Just as his crops would look uncommonly well, a flood or some such disaster would occur and his hopes of savirg money become blighted. It d'as after one of these overwhelming disasters (the flood on the flawkesbury previously referred t ) that he was csmpelled to allow one of his sonh named Ned to go to sea as a sailor and his daughter Agnes, the heroine of the book, to occupy a situation in Sydney. An attachment had sprung up be tween Agnes and a young grocer named John Bell, who had been nursed in her father's home in consequence of his being injured by a fall off his horse, while pass ing the farm. Bell follows Agneon to Sydney, where he enters a drapey establishment, but through some misunderseandingnbout Agnes he goes to New Zealand and eneaces for some years in mining and other lucrative operations at Dunedin. Meanwhile Agnes experiences some trying vicissitudes and sorrows in her servitud. under two or three mistresses, and in all her trials shines forth as an example of Christian faith, patience, industry, and resignation. In the end her loving constancymeets with its reward by a union with her fond-hearted lover, who returns pretty well.to-do, and the owner of some gold mines at Molyneaux. Ned's naval exploits on his voyage to England, whaling in the Southern sear, and cruising among the South Sea Islands, are re-orded with more literary skill than is usually shown in narratives of the sea. We shall not further unfold theclever plot of the story, but advise that it be read, for no one can deny the ability with which the author ;, has marshalled his facts, and his charming stories of sea and land life are as true to human nature as they are true to facts. Throughout tlhe book he endeavoursto elevate the minds of his readers by setting before them deeds of moral grandeer and excellence, so that by learning to admire they may be incited to imitate. He aims at promoting a love of natural and spiritual beauty in the hearts of his readers, by presenting them with a combination of natural details of the beauties of Australian scenery, with the vicis situdes of town and country life and work, such as may stimulate Australians to learn the shoals and quicksands on which many a household has . been wrecked. No doubt some will hereafter bear testimony to the " word in season " each chapter presents. His criticisms are candid and highly instruc tive, and,.he manifests great aptitude in detecting. radical deteots in our system of trading, in exposing logical inconsistencies, in training our youth, and in tracing the legitimate tendencies of philosophical systems. The book is prettily and appropri ately bound, and its utility is increased by pictures, which greatly assist a comprehension of the incidents narrated. We think we have said enough to send our renders in quest of a book which, while showing unusual powers of observation, is written with erqual simplicity and deep earnestness of feeling. In several respects it is a delightful volume, as true to the life as it is picturesque in its subjects. It is the outcome of a thoughtful, earnest, and vigorous mind, and written in a strain of chaste and manly eloquenede, full of shrewd, practical sense, kindly humour, and quiet passion, which add lo the, liveliness of the work, which will be valued for its lofty devotion and its moranl ?w r spiritual loealthrulness. It is a plain, practical stbry, inculcating lessons of independonce and ielf-reliance, of great value to *hoso who are thrown on their own resources and are obliged to work for their own living. We feel quite sure that this book will become a favourite with all who like genial wisdom, conveyed in a happy and expressive style. It contains much real thought and valuable matter, and deserves to find a place in every library. We can give it a warm commendation for middle-class or even higher- grade reading. -"A Flood that loedi on to Fortune."--By Old loomeraig. London: "olcdder and DHollghton, ot "aternoator RIow, 1585. 