OÏÏR MELBOURNE LETTER. MELBOURNE, APRIL 22. Yesterday tho working-man had possession of town. He'blOekbdup the streets: ho Suspended, vel traffio ; he stopped tho trams ; he gathered toge large crowds who are understood to have gazed won ingly. A the working-man's procession. He also bro! tho' Governor from Government House to tho tel Parliament House to lóók at him ; and tho Gove: expressed himself to tho effect that the proceedings this thirtieth anniversary Of tho Eight-hours" victory \ «Í very orderly." They were necessarily very ordt The working-man had it all his own way. .anybody had interfered with the order of proceedings, ho would at once have been pronounced orderly, and ho would hove been "removed,'' perl in tho ' way that Iago proposed to Roderigo " removing of Oaasio." It is so easy to boin ag humour when nobody contradicts you. Tito work: man-so called-is absolute master of the aituatioi this colony, and nobody dares to say him nay, ' Legislature, the Government, tho press, all play i his hands; They flatter him to the top Of his b .nd carty Out his orders as he chooses to diotate. ' council of tho Trades Hall is tho real authority in State, and the occupation or this city yesterday by members of the Trades Hall unions was tho vis ? expression of that authority, i -But if you ohooso to look at yestordi demonstration from another point of view, without any Trades' Hall bias, you cannot 1 .wondering what object, othor than that of dena: this procession and its concomitants could serve, .weary length of . crowded lorries, flags, brass bands, i men dressed in their Sunday clothes ; a warm no wind blowing ; and an atmosphere of dust-these o Btituted one part of the Eight-hours celebration. 1 next part was a dusty, dreary kind of fair at Friendly Societies' grounds. And the day's proccodii . wero wound up by an equally woarisomo crowding the streets of tired men-a good many of thom dru: Bloppily-dressed women, and dust-smeared childr The eight hours a-day which the working-man, thirty years, is understood to have devoted to t improvement of his mind, and the cultivation of '. ' various arts, give us the result just set forth. , During the height of tho procession fever yesterd three members of Parliament in a vehicle attempted break through tho lino of march, and they wefo ind nant at the presumption of the police in advising tit io' wait until tho procession had passed by. They i 'pressed themselves in terms not complimentary to i working-man', and not flattering to tho self-esteem of t police. It is believed, therefore, that when next a (ju tioh comes up in tho House in which tho workii hi'an1 and his ways aro to bo discussed, these th: legislators w;ill doclare themselves not altogothcr iriont to th* working-man. ' Pertinent to tho eight-hours question ia tho statomt that the female domestic servants have commenced t formation of a league with a view.to tho limitation tb'êirown labour to eight hours per diem ; BO that next year, in all probability, tho. procession will. .increased by one lorry more, exhibiting a. number young women engaged in tho several processes domestic ministration. .It will bo necessary, hpwov thai they Should first gb through a course of instri tion, so as to render tho exhibition as much li reality, as possible; for at the present moment would not bo easy to find a dozen young women of tl class qualifièd to enact such a scene. One pf them, however, lins just shown that, althou¡ Bhe.might bo quito ignorant of housewifery, 'she is . accomplished moralist, and that she is quite capable enforcing tho doctrine about not being led into tempi üóm With this end iii view, on' Monday night s took £1000 belonging to her master, Mr. Goor Nipper, and hid it away for a whole, day, whereby M Nipper was made very lincomfortnble. Whc at, last, she was persuaded to give . it u chè said that ber object in taking tho morn Was to show Mr. Nipper how foolish it was. of him hide his money where it could so easily bo found; Tl magistrates seemed rather to agree with the young lad but they, nevertheless, sent lier to gaol for a month, at intimated to her that sitó would have boen sent for lancer period if she had not had such a bad cough. . is expected, thereforo, that in futiire bad coughs wi be rather, prevalent among young wotheri who expel ment with the inonoy of their employors.. . '.'This afternoon it has commenced to rai heavily, as if it incant tb , go on rainin Ml 'Easte'rtide, whicli means a bad time ft tho Encampmout. Generally speaking it does rai when there is an Encampment at Easter; and if woul he well for thia coincidence to be generally inoivi ëàptëciàlly in those districts whore they are offering u prayers for rain. And I might hero remark that th negative effect pf umbrellas in'causing rain does nt appear to have boen tried to tho extent that Booms pos eiblo. Every umbrella-carrying man knows that wher ¿ver hô goes oút ?without his umbrella it rains. Thi truth,, as .we all admit, .has been' demonstrate tipies without number, and I ' think if th rain-compelling method thus indicated were moi generally adopted, it might render unnecessary tb frequent applications to bishops to instruct the clcrg fp pray for rain. -js The condition of the employees in tho Postal Dc partaient, it is said, is not to be gauged by the cxpor: ence''of Mr. Patrick Darcoy. Mr. Darcey has bee: Eënt.tp gaol for having lettei-s in hiB possession whie' hie',, liad hot delivered. Ho was found by th police reposing in tho gutlor after ho had rc freshed himself with a good , deal of beer. Th magistrate wlio adjudicated ' upon his case oxpressei viows' tho reverse of flattering to tho commissioner Wiho hnd. given Mr. Darcey his appointment, hiB unsuil ability being obvious,, they said, to persons of cvei ordinary observation. And so the question has beei asked if the Public Service Commissioners condescend tb examine personally for themselves the candidate who present themselves for employment. Because it i thought that whatever certificates an applicant presents testifying to his comjotency, a good deal depends on hi personnel ofter all. The magistrates, therefore, ex pressed wonder that Mr. Darcey should ever have bcei thought fit to carry lotters. And tho' sitme kind o' Wonder, many people think, might well enough bo ex pressed towards at least half of the whole Civil service Aswéopingdenunciation, no doubt: but, ns most peoph whb knoW anything about tho subject think, not antin just.q'ne. . ;Tli'e controversy respecting tho removal of the Mel- bourne Hospital goes on, with no result other than tc show-that the soveralparties in tho dispute retain theil resboofivo opinions. Tho committee of tho hospita] wañt|óné thing, tho council of tho University another, the Faculty of Medicine another, and the inhabitants of Garitón another. Professor Allen has written to thc Argus, recommending tho pig-market site, but tho town clerk' objects to tho pigs being disturbed; A member of tie hospital committee thinks. ' Mount Macedon -about 40 miles ¿ut pf town-would do very well ; and'- .so it would if we could travel by telegraph. Meantimo the hospital committee have just erected à . substantial fence round the grounds, at a obst of about £1000, which does not look as if they believed that any {inmediate removal of tho building was likely, "'There was a largo fire last night, whereby Green- land's new boatshed, containing many boats, was destroyed. " The origin of the fire is unknown " is the stereotyped ending of the various accounts given of tho occurrence. And it is just this peroration to tho descriptions which possesses the most Suggestive interest in the whole affair. The narrators of .toé event* however, know very woU that tho origin of: the fire and of many other fires is very well known. IÏ'is only 'h'èce&shry; to romeniber that nearly'every smoker who: lights a pipe or a cigar never extinguishes the match he uso», but throws it on tho ground, utterly' careiess'where it falls. Tho wonder is that-there; are so .'few 'flies. Fortunately moBt of the matohes go out yhen'/ they ' aro' flung/down, but some,1 of thom do,.not, hui set; on. fire shavings/br. paper, or grass, ,OP straw, or rags, : or other inflammable jnaterial,.'. and thou there is h. conflagration and people wonder how ever it conld have happened. As ' a matter of course, nb. 'smoker will ever admit,that he is guilty of.thia kind of selfish indifference to what pitty 'hap^eni, Püt'it; is .true noverthelésá. Bushfires priginate.inthis way/even when they aro not caused by . designed incpndiariem.. Three thousand years ago it wasijaiC^ Bpark kindleth." /.nd it is: *. true now as it was when the proverb was invented. It i» one °* *he rights of the upper olasses ¿íéáning the so- called working classes-to- smoko when' and where they like, and to thrpw down their unextinguished _ matches as they i like and to resent remonstrance in any sort of language i thar Uk* íjfjeftk not wRhoùt knowledge in wha. ,1 am ¿ow saying, and I repeat that millions sterling would not cover the ibâs ih this city caused by tho throwing down of uneïtinguished matches. There was ' a meeting of ratepayers la6t night at Brighton, and tho proceedings were enlivened by a scene in which tho Hon. Thomas Bent was a principal actor. Mr. Bent's anger was kindled because Dr. Crowthor, who objected to Mr. Bent's personalities, Bpoke with a ' stick in his hand, and when Dr. Crowther put the stiok on a table Mr. Bent removed it with much Violence, and, on its being replaced, flung it into the audience : and this lively business was repeated several times. But as tho ratepayers of Brighton only tho other day assured Mr. Bent that words could not express tho regard they felt for him, ho was quito suro that if he had thrown Dr. Crowther after his stick thoy would-still havo entertained the same high opinion of him. Like ono of John Loech's ostlers* who explained to a damaged equestrian who had been thrown by tho animal he had hired, that "ho was always à light-hearted 'oss," so the inhabitants of Brighton say of Mr. Bent, when ho indulges in these demonstrations', "It is'only hid play." Dr. Crowther happens to bo only " a slight man," but some day Mr. Bent will fall foul of tho walking Stick of a mah who is not slight, and then the walking-stick will play a different part in tho episode. Tho Reverend Goorgo Dod» has been given by the Melboumo Presbytery Until to- mórrow at 10 of llio clock to give up the heretical sermons he prèaehéd, and which so terribly distressed Dr, Morrison. Mr. Dods, in clerical language, says' ¡he. will seo thè Pres- bytery hanged first ; and tho Presbytery says, also in clerical ternis, " If you don't, you. will have to get" Tho probability, therefore, is that Mr. Dods will get.. Meantime, the congregation of tho Scots' Church have chosen as their minister the Bev. W. G. Dixon at-thc comparatively modest stipend of £500 a year. Mr. Dixon is understood to be rigidly evangelical, so that thero is no likelihood of any moro fighting, and Dr. Morrison's' soul will bo no more fretted. ' . ' 