THE NEW MINISTRY. We did, until the last moment, hope and fcelieve that the work of coalition Go vernment was not yet completed, and Chat a second one might still be formed Which wonld have a chance of lasting well Into the period of the next Parliament. It mighfc have been better, had snch been possible, which it is not, if Mr Gillies, On the one side, and Mr Deakin, on the Other, conld have deferred selecting their team until after the election, as we an ticipate Borne startling changes in the Constitution of the House — chiefly, we fear, in a radical direction. No doabt, on the Constitutional side, the choice of Hessrs Cuthbebt and Lorijier in the Upper House will greatly strengthen Mr Gillies's hands there, while no exception Can be taken to Mr Walker, Mr M. H. Davies, or Mr Harper, in the Assembly, although the last-named gentleman has enunciated views on the edncation gneBtion which, though very similar to onr own, are known to be still intensely Unpopular. In onr opinion, there is not the slightest use of those who . believe in the introduction of some system of re ligions instruction into. State-schools agitating that question, until it Ceases to be a political one, and comes to be regarded only in the light of fair- play and common-Bense. Bnt when we eome to the name of Mr Wrixon as Attorney-General we see cause for danger, while fully admitting that Mr Gillies conld not possibly avoid offering Cbat post to him. We have the utmost faith in Mr Wbixon's honesty and ability, fcnt we take him to be too judicially Blinded to make a judicious politician, And too conscientiously scrupulous to learn the necessity of expendiency in State affairs or legislation. But it is in the names of Mr Deakin's chosen few Chat we see real cause for alarm. How 5b it possible for Messrs Pearson, Dow, Simmo or Quiok to join a coalition, after denouncing, as some of them did, all . coalitions, er to league with men whose policy they have denounced, lock, stock and barrel. As to Dr Quick, Mr Gillies is happily relieved of that dangerous <q»icksand, by his declining office, ftnoved thereto by the menaces of his con stituency. We confess we would rather Bee a Liberal Ministry in power, with a . Btrong Oppositionf to prevent their rush- gag into extremes, than a hybrid thing like this. Mr Deakin himself Bast either fall before his colleagues, or give way to them. That he could pos sibly sway such men entirely is out of the question, unless, indeed, they pre fer the sweets of office to political con- »Bteney. No doubt a place will be fonnd for Mr Murray Smith in the Cabinet, on his arrival in the colony, and Ke ia not only strong, bnt emiaently conciliatory, and having the respect of All sides of the House, he might keep the ill- matched team quiet, and even Befol, for a time. But we confess we do not anticipate that they will last) . even until his arrival. The seedB of ' weakness are too strong not to germi nate speedily ; but we confess that Mr 3)eakin bad scarcely any other choice cot of an effete and moribund House. We think it will he found that the Bent- fium-Siiaa-cum-QuSBCs faction will be Btronger and boiler than they were in the last Parliament. . " Dentistry. — Mr G. R. Hall, dentist, : will be in Beechworth on Monday -and Tuesday next, 22nd and 23rd iafltaat,:and Buy be consulted at the StarHotel,Ford- treet., , The Benevolent Asylum Collector. The committee of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum met on Friday evening, to receive the resignation by Mr H. Hollister of the position of collector. It was resolved to call for applications from persons willing to undertake the duties of the position, and an advertisement to that effect appears elsewhere. YackandandaH.— Our correspondent, writing on Friday, states For the past week business in the tewnship has been exceedingly dull. There lias been very few people in from the country, and what makes it duller still is the great want of farmers' drays, with wheat, as there has been in former days. At night, however, a good many people have been in town, oil account of the Salvation Army holding services in the Shire Hall. Up till Tues day the services were well attended, but on that night the attendance was so poor that services was not held in the hall on Wednesday night, but on the school-green. The larrikins, however, created so much disturbance that the services were stopped. Last night services was held in the Hall, when Captain and Mrs Phillips and Miss Warren, from Beechworth, were there, assisting the evangelist (Mr McWilliams). On this occasion Senior-constable Carroll took the precaution of keeping most of the rowdies outside, and the meeting was very well attended, and the audience most orderly, with the exception of one or two young men. This is the best and most orderly meeting that has been held. The singing of Mrs Phillips wa3 much ap preciated. Measles are still very prevalent in the district, aud the attendance at the State-school is, I am told, greatly affected by the epidemic. Yesterday the sale of furniture belonging to the Rev. Mr Potter, was very well attended, and Mr Knaggs, the auctioneer, managed to obtain fair prices. The weather for the past week has been fine, but very dry, and un fortunately the temperature i3 getting very high. Yesterday in the shade the ther mometer shewed 102 degrees. The nights, however, are cool and pleasaut. Some large bush-fires are burning on the ranges to the south of the township. The nuisance of cows perambulating the streets at night and making inroads into gardens, was not so bad for a time ; but it has again become intolerable. The brutes get into any garden or back yard they can. When they fail in this they perambulate the streets, bellowing all the time. Whose duty, I wonder, is it te keep the cattle off the public street ? Mr Kaigbin and the Electors. — A largely attended meeting was held in the M. U. Hall, Wandiligong, on Saturday evening, Mr T. Jones in the chair. A resolution pledging the support of the meeting to Mr T. C. Kaighin, president of the Shire of Bright, should he decide to contest the election, was carried with out a dissenting voice, and at the close of the meeting upwards of 40 of those present entered their names as members of a committee, should their services be re quired. Mr R. Newton was elected honorary secretary to the committee, aud before the meeting closed upwards of 100 votes promised for the local candidate. Mr Parfitt at Ruiherglen. — Mr Parfitt addressed the electors of Moira' at the Town Hall, Rutherglen, on Thursday evening. There were about 250 persons present. The mayor of Rutherglen (Mr Win. Meehan), occupied the chair. The candidate's addreBS was attentively listened to, and wa3 well received, and several ques tions were put aud answered satisfactorily. Mr Robert McPherson moved, and 'Mr D. Ralston seconded, that Mr Parfitt was a fit and proper person to represent the electorate of Moira in Parliament. The motion was carried unanimously, and with great applause. Mr Parfitt proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was carried with applause, and the meet ing adjourned. Rutherglen Public Library. — A meeting of the members of the executive committee of the above library was held at the Council Chambers, Rutherglen, on Wednesday evening. Present : Mr Thos. Reeve (in the chair), and Messrs Taylor, Boyd, Herrin, McLennan and McNab, hon. secretary. The Chairman stated that the meeting had been called to consider a letter received from the Chief Secretary's office, to the effect that a sum of £20 from the building grant to Free Libraries, had been allotted to this library, on condition that it was not expended in repairs to the municipal buildings, in which the library was now located, but expended in the erection of the proposed new building, and that if the committee were willing to accept the sum mentioned on these terms an account would be passed for payment. After Bome discussion it was decided that action be at once taken, and that Messrs Reeve, Whitley and McNab, be appointed a committee to get plans, &c.;, prepared for the proposed new building, and submit the same at next meeting. A letter was read from Mr Thos. Drenen, proprietor of the "Rutherglen Sun and Murray Valley Advertiser," forwarding copy of that news paper for the use of the reading- room, and offering to insert advertisements for the library on the same terms as his pre decessor (Mr J." C. Hart). Mr Drenen's offer was accepted, and the meeting adjourned. Fireworks at the Chinese Camp. — We have been requested by the Chinese residents in the camp, Spring Creek, to invite all andBundry to view a pyrotechnic exhibition on Tuesday evening next, at 8 o'clock. The fireworks to be let off consist of an importation from China of a very costly character, intended to celebrate the Governor's visit to the horticultural show in March next ; but as His Excellency cannot be present at the show, the Chinese have determined to let the fireworks off on Tuesday evening, that being the last day of their New Year's holiday. The authori ties have given them permission to erect a platform, ete., within the Lunatic Asylum grounds, and immediately in front of the Chinese Camp, where the fireworks can be seen, and where the danger from fire will be at the lowest. The Chinese have offered the half of the fireworks to the committee of the horticultural society, but as that body is not in funds, they could not see their way to purchase them. The Chinese therefore determined to let the whole of their fireworks off on the above- named evening, unless in the meantime some arrangement with regard to one- half of them be come . to. We may state that the fireworks cost over £60, and are assured that no such pyrotech nic display as these will afford has ever been seen in the Australian colonies; From the well known character of the Chinese for the manufacture of fireworks; wa can promise the inhabitants of Beech worth a treat not likely to'.be enjoyed for many years again. We wonld also advise members of the horticultural Bociety to be present, and if they are satisfied with the fireworks when half of them have been let off, we think they will be able to see their way to buy the remainder, and dis charge theminthe gardenaatthe time of the show, in March. .We are sure it will prove a great attraction, and will repay any cost that, may be incurred.- . . Wobonga Customs House, —The tender of Mr D. Bolgsr for alterations and addi tions to the above building, , for. the sum ef £259 15s 8d, was on Thursday" accepted. Albury Stock Market.— Messrs C. L. Griffith and Co. on Wednesday reported ; — Cattle. — 350 yarded, about one-half of which consisted of useful beef, the re mainder mostly good-conditioricd.. stores- Best cows to £8 10s, best bullocks to £9 10s, best pens of store bullocks to £6 15s, mixed entile- at full rates ; the prices on the whole being highly satisfactory to vendors. We sold drafts for Messrs Jas. Houlahan, Thos. Shelly, Joseph Wilson, T. H. Wilson. Wm. Nichol, Edward Mitchell, Geo. Haddrill, M'Donald and Marum, Martin Seymour, A. W. Beazley, J. J. Hore, H. F. Lovett, H. Perryman, John Rixon, John Heriot, Chas. Edghill, George Barclay, and others, at quotations. Sheep. — 4500 yarded. We sold drafts for Messrs James Tynan, John Walkin, Geo. Richards, Robert Collard, John Burns, J. W. M'Kellr.r, Edward Ker nan, and others — best wethers in (light) to 7s, forward store wethers to 6s, mixed sheep , at current rates ; one lot turned out unsold. Pigg.._We sold 36 store pigs for Mr C. Edghill, from 17s to 27s. Horses. — 25 yarded, and majority sold, at up to £23 for medium draughts, to £20 for 3tylish hacks. Beechworth Rifle Club. — A trophy of a Martini-Henry Rifle, with 400 rounds of ammunition, presented by Mr J.. Lind say Brown, will be competed for in a series of three matches, commencing on Saturday, 20th February, and the second and third on the 6th and 20th March. The ranges are 400, 500 and 600 yards, seven shots at each range. The handicaps are as follow : — S. Marsh, scratch ; D. Skinner, scratch ; P. Dalton, 26yds ; F. Lloyd, 26yds ; H. McAuley, 28yds : E. H. Gannell, 30yds ; W. Cathro, 35yds; A. Kyle, 85yds, J. Thomson, 40yds ; A. C. Thomson, 45yds ; H. Darlot, 4oyds ; F. J. Perry, 4oydB ; J. Fletcher, 50yds ; J. Gillespie, 50yds ; F. Smalpage, 50yds; R. Finch, 50yds; G. B. Taylor, 50yds ; S. Molyneux, 50yds ; W. Milne, 50yds ; C. Taylor, 50yds ; A. Flower, 50yds ; F. Mitclielson, 50yds. Mining at Bethanga. — Our correspon- dent writes : — Mining at Bethanga is abeut to revive. The Hon. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., arrived here on Wednesday, and raised the hearts of the inhabitants by informing them that it was the intention of the company to increase the miners' wages to the extent of one shilling per week, and that the company had decided they will give 6d for every 6d paid into the accident fund, and to find a doctor and physic for those injured. The Gift shaft, which has been ready for work for the last six months, is to be put in motion in the course of a few days. We sincerely trust such will be the case ; for we long to hear the sound of the whistle again. Two furnaces have been working for the last six days, each putting through about 30 tons of calcined ore every 24 hours, which is equal to 160 tons per week, without a hitch. These furnaces have been subject to stoppages, caused by the lining of the furnaces burning. Previously', they were lined with fire- brick, at a cost of one shilling per brick. Now they are lined with stone, which is quarried on the company's ground at a cost of 3d, and it is found to endure the heat better than any fire-bricks the company have been able to procure. Through the constant smelting, the company find they are gaining on the raw ore, which will necessitate the putting on of more men. The company have only about 1500 ton3 of ore, raw and calcined, to operate upon, and if with two furnaces they treat 160 per week, what will they do when the Water Jacket is erected, which is said to treat 400 tons per week? And I am told, if this acts, a series of them will be erected. Stock Sale.— Mr John A. Kennedy, who has lately established himself as au auctioneer in Albury, announces a sale of fat and store cattle and horses at German- ton on the 24th inst. ' Latest Cable News. — According to cablegrams, Mr Gladstone, recognising the pressing difficulty of the Irish question, proposes to invite " Irishmen of all classes and parties" to send in their views to the Government as to the needs of Ireland, in order that the Ministry may be assisted in deciding what policy shall he pursued in regard to that country. This, which may be called a " post-card plebiscite," is a new feature in constitutional government. Disturbances arising out of the number of men unemployed in Englsnd still continue. At Birmingham and Yarmouth riots occurred, but were promptly suppressed by the police. Telegraphic advices from Berlin notify that Prince Bismarck has introduced into the German Diet a Bill to repeal the " May Laws." These statutes, the " Telegraph" explains, were carried in the Diet in May, 1814, at a time when Dr Adelbert Falk was Minister of Public Worship. Their immediate and avowed object was, according to Pritico Bismarck, the weakening of the power of the Roman Catholic Church in Prussia. For dis obedience to these laws, several bishops and priests were severely punished in January, 1875. Since that time there has been a perpetual struggle between the clerical party and the Crown, resulting, especially after the resignation of Dr Falk, in various modifications and relaxations of the rigor of the repressive Acts originally passed, Wangaratta Stock Market. — Mr A. Tone reports : A full market on Thursday, 18th inst. About 800 head of cattle were yarded,- a large number of which were of fair quality ; but prices were about on a par with the previous sale, all kinds of stock being in fair demand. I sold on ac count of various owners, as follows : — Fat cows, from £5 16s to £7 2s ; fat heifers, light weights, from £4 10s to £5 7s ; forward store Bteers, from £4 13s to £6 7s ; stores, two-year-olds, from £3 7s to £4 Is ; heifers, stores, from £3 to £4 10s ; cows, stores, from £3 10s to £4 12s ; steers, yearlings, to £3 17s ; vealers, from £1 7s to £2 16s ; heifers, yearlings, to . £3 5s Sheep. — I sold 300 wethers and ewes, at 6s. Pigs, slips, to 9a. The Mayor of Albury. — Mr G. H Billson was on Wednesday re-eleeted Mayor of Albury. Resignation.— Mr H. S. Parfitt has sent in his resignation as returning officer for the North-Eastern Province, and has, the "Dispatch" understand, recom mended that the appointment of his suc cessor should be conferred on'a lecal man. As most of our readers are aware, it is compulsory on Mr Parfitt to give up the office of returning-officer, he being a can didate for Parlismentay rhonors. It is not too much to say that during the many years Mr Parfitt occupied the responsible position referred to, he proved himself eminently qualified for it, and gave the utmost satisfaction ; and it is to be hoped that his successor, whoever he may be, will prove himself equally well qualified for the position. St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne. — The erection of the cathedral . (says the " Church of England Messenger") is pro ceeding slowly but surely, and the balance of subscriptions in hand, or likely to come in, we hear, is sufficient to carry it oh aa far as the roofing of the nave. This matter, therefore, need not be considered farther till the arrival of the new bishop ; at least, if he be appointed within a reasonable time. His coming may, it is net unlikely, give an impethc to the work, and perhaps secure its completion. The Unemployed in G«,eat Britain;— The fund for the relief of the unemployed in Great Britain now amounts to £47,000. Her Majesty the Queen contributed £500, and H.R. EL the Prince of Wales £250, towards the fund. Christ Church, Beechworth. — \Ve have been requested to say that a few errors have been discovered in the printed report and balance-sheet issued. by the vestry of the above church, fcr 1SS5, and that cor rected copies will be prepared as soon as possible. Remanded. — The woman Stevens, charged with the wilful murder of John Plum, at Estcourt, was brought up at the Beechworth Police Court on Thursday, hefore Messrs Telforcl and Gammon, J. P.'s, and further remanded for a week. Bethanga Police Court.— On Thurs day, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., T. N. Jewell, W. H. Roper, and Agnes Gat ing, charged with neglecting to cause their children to attend school, were fined 2s fid, with 2s fid costs. Ellen Oleary and George Russell, similarly ..charged, were fined 20s, with 2s Gd costs, being a second offence. Grapes for Melbourne. — The im portance of the above industry is on the increase every year. No less than 17S tons of grapes were forwarded from the Rutherglen railway-station during the last month (January). State-school Exhibitions. — A circnlar has been issued by the Education Depart ment to the head teachers of State-3chools on the subject of exhibitions in State- schools. The circular gives the subjects for examinations for the present year, which are as follows ' — Spelling from dictation, composition, penmanship, arith metic, grammar, geography, Euclid, book I. , as far as prescribed in regulation I. ; algebra, the fundamental' operations and easy simple equations, Golenso or Tod- hunter ; Latin, Principia Latina, part I., Cassar ; De Bello Gallico, book II. ; French, Dejardin's French Class Book and Reader (T. Nelson and Sons). Annually eleven exhibitions are awarded to State-school scholars upon competitive examinations held during the last three months of each year. Each exhibition will be of the annual value of £35, tenable for six years upon the following conditions : — The exhibitioner shall become a student in one of the following public grammer schools : — Church of England Grammar School, St. Patrick's College, Scotch College, or Wesley College, all of Melbourne ; or in the Church of England Grammar School of Geelong ; or such other schools approved of by the Minister. Until he enters upon his University course, he shall continue to attend one of the. above schools, and shall obtain at the end of each year a report from the authorities of the same. If no report or an unfavorable report be received, or if at any time the Minieter be satisfied that the conduct of any exhibitioner haB been disorderly or immoral, the exhibition and all the advantages connected there with shall thereupon cease and determine. At or before the end of the second year of the exhibitor's tenure he shall pass the matriculation examination at the Univer sity of Melbourne. During the fourth, fifth and. sixth years of his tenure he shall be a student of the Melbourne University enrolled as attending lectures, and in each year keep courses of lectures in as many subjects as he must pas's in to complete his year. At the end of the fourth year of his tenure he shall have passed. the first ordinary examination for a degree or for the certificate of engineering ; and at the end of the fifth yea: the second ordinary examination for a degree or for the certificate of engineering. Licenses Declared Void. — Rosser Prosser, la lr, Porepunkah ; John Hasker, 320a, Toombullup. Mr John James, M.L.A. — According to the " Ballarat Courier," it is freely rumored in political circles that one of the members of the new Ministry will be Mr John James, one of the representatives of Ballarat East. . . . t- . Donation of £2000 to a Church. — It; being the intention of the committee of the West Sandhurst Presbyterian Church to erect a new and larger, .church, conse quent on the present building being much too small, we ("Independent") under stands that Mr J. B. "Watson, the wealthy reefer and property owner, has donated no less than £2000. From what we can1 learn the gift was unsolicited, and is accompanied by none of the usual con ditions, such as so much money to be otherwise raised. This is the largest sum, yet contributed to a church in the Bendigo district. Unsuccessful Prosecutions. — At tha Benalla Police Court on Monday, about twenty cases were heard against members of the Salvation Army for breaches of the bye-laws. The police " magistrate was absent, and the bench was crowded by a number of justices, several of whom never sat in Benalla before, remarks tha " Age " correspondent. The cases were dismissed, on the ground that the shire council had not authorised the proceedings, and costs were given against the shire secretary. An appeal is to be made to the Supreme Court. 