TOWN TALK. Parliament will be called together on Tuesday next, for the purpose of swearing in members and electing a Speaker. It is probable that the House will then adjourn till early in May. * In another column will be found particu lars with regard to the fatal accident which happened on Saturday to a young man named Woodman, a contractor, residing at .Lethbridge, and who was killed, by the fall of an embankment under which he" was ?working in removing gravel. Several of the publicans in various parts of the town were the recipients yesterday of postal cards, from anonymous writers, warn log them against continuing to trade on the Sunday in contravention of the aw. In each case the publicans were accused of having violated the l%w in respect to Sunday trading since the passing of the new Licens ing Act. The person or persons who have taken the trouble to give the postal card 'warnings have intimated that they know to -whom liquors were sold on Sunday last, and also that they are aware of the description of liquors supplied. The notices in each case wound np by threatening that proceedings will be if the law 13 again broken. Under the circumstances, publicans -will have tj be particulirly careful to guard against that low class of informers which induces them to break the law, and then takes steps to prosecute them for doing sc. It has been decided by the police to insti tute further proceedings against Mr Dareey, formerly laodlcrd of the hotel at Murroon, for having sold liquor without a license. In December last a renewal of the license for the hotel was granted, but the fee for the same was not submitted for payment until the 26th Febrnary, when it was deemed to be too lat?, and the treasurer had to refuse iL The police at Birregnrra have been anstrueted to prosecute Mr Darcey for Belling without a license, at the Birregnrra court iioiise^ on or about "the 27th inst. Yesterday morning Sergeant Xixon, of the plain clothes police force, came to Gee long* at the instance of Mr Soph Toohey, with the view of preparing the evidence to be addnced against Mr K. D. Duncan for «»mt>pyvipnipnfc of moneys in connection with the local branch of the Water Supply de partment. The officer referred to commenced n?g enquiries directly the office opened yesterday morning, every facility being afforded for a thorough investigation of tht? . account®. From appearances the alleged defalcations have extended over a period of eleven months. 5Fe learn that during the absence on leave of Hie fiev. G. Sproule, Chnrch of England mfniatpr at Barrabool Hiili, the charge of the parish irill be taken by Mr Percy Fathers, a divinity student, who is preparing for ordination. The Rev. ilr Sproule, who intends at once proceeding on a visit to England, expects to be able to return to Geeloog in August next. There was on view yesterday at the shop of H. Franks and Co., Malop street, a splendidly made gold bracelet, studded frith sapphires and pearls. It was manofac tnred by Mr EL Fishier, of this town, and is to be ran for at the Leigh Road races on the 17th inst. Yestsrday afternoon the rights and privi leges in connection with the publican's booth ' at the Corio cricket ground on St. Patrick's Day, on the occasion of the annual sports, were disposed of by auction at Mr Tully's rooms, the purchaser being Mr J. A. Ryan, of the Eureka Hotel, for the sum of £27 10s. The minor privileges, such as fruit, tea and coffee, and temperance stalls were bought by Mr J. Martini for £5 10s. Mr W. P. Carr reports having sold by anction yesterday Mr Bees* cottage and land, Jvilgour-streefc, to Mr Fedley, for £110. The tender of Messrs J. C. Taylor and Sons, ol Gheringhap-street, Geelong, has : been accepted by the Government for the construction of a cottage on Swan Island, intended for use by the officials in charge, in connection with the torpedo department of the defence force. The amount of the tender is £39S. A concert was given in the Temperance Half at Buninyong the other exening. in aid of the snfierera by the bushfires in the fieytesbary and Otway forests, when the net proceeds amounted £12 7s 9 at the Redan Stite school, near Ballarat, have also contributed £2 4s Cd towards the! fund, and in their efforts to relieve the disg tressed people in the bush they have been trell supported by the teachers, who contri buted an additional snni of £12s 6«L On Wednesday last the marriage of Miss Xxouisa Sutherland, second daughter of Mr G. Sutherland; farmer, of East BeJlnrine, to Mr John Mayall, was celebrated in grand style at the residence of the bride's parents, the officiating clergyman being the Rev. J. Sinclair. The bride was very elegantly attired in cream satin magnificently trimmed in lace, and a white tulle veil and wreath of orange . blossom completed a charming toilet. Her travelling dress consisted of brown MerveU leux satin, hat and gloves to match- The three bridesmaids, siitsrs of the bride, were j tastefully attired in cream Indian muslin and sashes to match- After paitiking of breakfast, the happy couple drove away MmHah showers of rice. The friends spent a very enjoyable evening, dancing being kept op to the " pt"* oars o* the mornin.13 The bride received many varied and beautiful gifts, a proof of the high esteem of her numerous -frngmfl*. Another *bns drivers* strike is threatened in Melbourne. An interesting discovery of bronze hatchets and other prehistoric warlike in- ; strnmenfc has been, made at Zlanwitt' Slagor, Glamorganshire. As a number of ; vrorkmea were engaged in digging a founda- : tion for a building, they discovered three : spear-heads, sir hatchfct-like cells, and several other interesting relics, which were concealed under an ancient walL Some bones were also found* A further search is being organised. ... The payments made on account of the land revenue for the week ending 21at February showed a marked increase, and the heavy deficiency of £74,000 already referred to in the actual receipts, as ' compared with the estimated revenue of the department for the present financial year, is rapidly disappear* in a. The deficiency now only amounts to £47,231, and this . it is expected will be wiped out before the close of the financial J«ii In large centres of population throughout the colony, on Saturday, examinations were bel& of candidates seeking employment in both the clerical and non-clerical divisions ©£ the pnolle service- Altogether candi dates presented themselves for the non cjencal division, and320 for .the clerical Thtre are no vacancies in the service at pre-, ?ut n tae foaatr jjimofl, but there Aro 12q vacancies in the clerical division, to which appointments will shortly be made fiom tht successful candidate?. The coudltion of the working mao in 2sew South Wales appears to be anything bat satisfactory. The chronic depression which exists in the Sydney labor market has culminated in several meetings of the un employed- On Ssturday morning 262 men subscribed their name* as being in want of work, and subsequently MrE. W. O'Snilr ran, M.L A., waited npon MrDibbs,- the Colonial Secretary, and requested him to ttke steps to provide employment for the wen. Mr Dibbs at once decided to find work for 200 of them, and promised to grant free passes to the country- districts to those i who wished to seek for employment; Up to the present time the chief inspector of factories ha3 only received a small number of notices from the proprietors of factories stating that they desire to register their establishments. A fortuigbt is allowed from the time when the regulations were pubiiehed for taking the first step required by the act, and when the time has elapsed the inspectors who are to be appointed will inspect all the factories respecting which the information given in the registration notices is not considered satisfactory. The Public Service Board wilt be prepared to make re* commendations respecting the appointment of inspectors in a day or two. Mr Henry Glennj% J.P., presided at the Ballarat town police court on Saturday morning, and dealt with two drunkards. One of them was Mary Ryan "Ko 1," who was charged with being drnnk and disorderly. Upon the prisoner being put forward (says thePb-ji), the presiding magistrate said he intended to call the attention of Superinten dent Palmer to the arresting constable in taking Ryan into custody without cause, and charging her wrongfully. He (Mr Glenny) was talking to the woman in the street at the time, and she was neither druuk nor disorderly when the constable stepped for-' | ward and pushed her forcibly before him to the lockup. "JS?o wonder,' said Mr Glenny, 1 **the woman is so often before the court." The prisoner wa3 discharged, and thanked the chairman for his remarks. 3Ir Tweeddale. the town inspector, requests us to remind owners of doirs to call at the Town Hall and register them. Those who neglect to do so on or be fore the 21>th Insr. are liable to the penalty prescribed by the Act, "which will be stringently enforced. The State School >"o. 1094 in Swanston-street is now in charge of Mr 1) X Man- ion. late of StawelL Classes for matriculation and the subjects of the Civil Service examination have been commenced by Mr Thomas Colder. Messrs Mackenzie and Co., drapers, of Moorabool street, direct, through our advertising columns, special attention to the lar«e display of sroods in their establishment, which are to be disposed of at greatly reduced prices. With the view of further accommodating her numerous customers, Mrs Kelly, the proprietress of the Olive Branch Hotel, in Moorabool-street, has had a variety of improvements effected at that hostelry. The billiard-room lias been abolished, and in its stead has been sul>stituted a very handsomely fur nished dining apartment. It is commodiou?, clean, well ventilated, and the general appointments are such as to commend the room to the general public. The old dining hall, a cramped up place for the amount oi business transacted, has been converted into a ]iarlor or sitting-room, which wfl1 be found additionally attractive to the public. A well-attended meeting of St. Paul's Church Union was held last evening, in the school-bouse, Mr A. Saversoccupying the chair. After the usual routine business been disposed of, the meeting was adjourned for the purpose of hearing a lecture on ** %Vhat to do till the doctor comes," by Mr A. Hanson. The lecture, which was a very instructive one, was treated by the lecturer in excellent style, and the audience showed their appreciation by the marked attention paid to it. At the conclusion Mr vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was seconded by Mr Carr, and carried unanimously. gAttention is directed to the "sale this day, at 12 o clock, of a newly-built six-roomed weatherboard cottage, on stone foundation, plastered, gas and water laid on, situate at corner of Yarra aud little Myers streets. "Attention is called to the auction sales this day by Mr W- 1*. Carr, of cottage and land in Uayley-street, and 31r sellers cottage and land and furniture, in Sinythe-street. The secretary of the shire of ATlnchelsea notifies thatdo^suiay'be rejjistered on or before the loth inst. For the convenience of residents in the southern and western portions of the shire, doi£? may be registered at Uirre^una as heretofore. The hou. secretary of the butchers* excursion com mittee desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of £2 2s from Messrs Mathews Bros., of Moorabool and Malop streets. The matrou of the home for fallen women in Malop-strect betrs to acknowledge a donation of lanre pumpkins frouTMrs M'Conuick, which were jrrown in that lady's jrarden, and have lately been exhibited in Mr CoDed^e's shop. Tbe monthly swaal i^itherinij of the Geelouic Yorick Club will take place this evening. On Tuesday evening a meeting of the Inverlelt^h Jiaciu'r dub will be held at Inverlei^li. It will be observed from our advertising columns that tenders for paintiny and decorating the interior of the High Church must be sent in by Friday next. 