Sydney. February 19. The Sydney Rowing Club had a club dinner at their branch, Parramatta River, to celebrate and present the trophies wou at the recent regatta. The Intercolonial Eight were present. Two thousand five hundred iroubark sleepers, the property of Messrs. Fish burneaud Co., railway contractors, were nnrt.inllv r»r»nsnmprl hv firp vootorrl'in morning at Moniac Vale. The tire is supposed to have been the work of au in cendiary. Tbe Metropolitan Quarter Sessions, held in the Supreme Court at Darliug hurst, terminated on Thursday after the longest sitting ever held — namely, three weeks. The Hyde Park Asylum for Infirm Women will shortly become ti-nantless, the inmates being in course of removal to the newly-erected institution at New ington, on the Parramatta River. During the past wi'ek two shipments of goods for the Colonial and Indian Exhi bition have been made, comprising thirty-six packages, per R.M.S. Tas mania, and twenty-one packages per Strata. Tbe total shipments to date are 1304 packages, measuring over 300 tons. A boy named Norris died in the Albury Hospital while undergoing an operation under chloroform, which was used by Drs. Woods aud Kennedy for removingtwelve of his teeth, which were growing inside his usual teeth, and mate rially affected his speech. Mr. T. M. Slattery and Mr. F. L. Hey don have retired from public life. At a confirmatory meeting of share holders in the Mercantile Mutual Insur ance Company, held yesterday, the reso lution regarding the increase of capital from £100,000 to £125,000 by the issue of 25,000 new shares, was confirmed. Mr. Turnbull, while exploring the Lithgow colliery yesterday with a party, was overcome by the smoke aud became unconscious. He was quickly removed from the mine. The smoke iu the mine is getting much lighter. The funeral of John Doig, one of the victims-of the Lithgow colliery accident, took place yesterday, There was au im mense concourse of miners and friends of the deceased present. While returing from the cemetery the hearse, which was crowded with living passengers, capsized and those riding in it narrowly escaped serious injury. A paper has just beeu published by order of the Assembly showing the amouut of claims and valuations on laud resumed for the Illawarra line. The total amount of the claims was £714,106 Ss. 10d., and the total amount of valua tions was only £205,377, or less than one third of the amount claimed. A return published by order of the Legislative Assembly shows that the quantity of spirits manufactured in the colony during the year 1885 was 197,891 galloDS, February 21. A terrible case of suicide occurred on Saturday near the Auburn railway statiou. A mau, whose name is un known, was found with his head aud face in a frightful state of disfigurement, it having beeu almost blown ofl. Near the remains were fouud an old-fashioned horse pistol, with which the deed was evidently committed. He appears to have been a laboring man of about 40. Fierce bushfires raged on Saturday in a scrub adjoining the towu of Maruya. A large portion of the town was in danger and only saved by the strenuous efforts of the people. Over 100 resident's homes on the outskirts of the town were given up as lost, when the wind fortunately changed. A rich discovery of silver ore is reported iu the Stoalhaven district, about five miles from the Homeward Coal Mine. The Rev. George and Mrs. Muller of Bristol have been presented by Sir Alfred Stephen to the Governor. Mr. Muller is well-known in connection with the Bristol Orpliange where he has fed and clothed over 100,000 children. 