Brevities. (Original and Extracted.) If residents refused to allow delivery men to enter their grounds, perhaps, then their gates could be kept shut. As it is now, everyone's gate goes swing, bang, all day long, after each new order has been delivered. Meeting in John Knox Free Presbyterian Church, Wyrallah, on Thursday, at 10 a.m., to receive reports of representatives to Synod. The sacred performance in the Recreation Ground, on Sunday, by the Lismore Band, brought in about £6 to the hospital funds. Public tea meeting and ball, South Wood- burn this Wednesday, to celebrate the first anniversary of Rose of Kindness Lodge. Tea on tables at 6 p.m. Two cases of gastric fever, supposed to be caused by eating tinned salmon, are reported from Wardell. Thermometer 104° in the shade here on Sunday last, with a hot wind blowing. Ball at McDonagh's, Wardell Road, on Friday next, after the Athletic Sports. The sittings of the Wardell Police and Small Debts Courts, which should have been held on 20th instant, were both postponed on account of only one Magistrate being present —Mr. D. Brown. It is stated on good authority that the police will have enough evidence in due time to rather seriously implicate another person in the Wardell murder. Liddiard is reputed to own considerable property in New Zealand, besides an allot- ment and cottage in Wardell. The Minister for Works assures our members that the Estimates will be just the the same as usual, except in minor roads, and that nothing will be cut off. There is some talk of a Patrick Noonan, who is 6 feet high, turning up down the river all right. Efforts are about to be made in town to inaugurate a Building Society. May it prove successful, as it will help to sell property and induce buyers, giving the latter a chance of building and living in their own homes. The Clarence Pastoral and Agricultural Society hold their Twentieth Annual Exhibi- tion at Grafton, on 11th, 12th, and 13th May, during the visit of Lord Carrington. Entries close on Saturday, 1st May. Prizes will be presented in every class. Tenders were recently called by the Roads Department, Sydney, to 9th March, for bridge over Wilson Creek, road Lismore to Bruns wick ; but this has been cancelled. The Oddfellows' Athletic Sports take place in Balzer's paddock, Lismore, on St. Patrick's Day. Nominations for Grand Handicap to close on March 2. Two runaways with vehicles attached occurred last week. In one case the buggy was smashed, and the cart in the other nearly knocked three children over. The annual meeting of the local School of Arts was well attended. Perhaps shortly the Debating Society will be again brought to light. Public Tea and Temperance Meeting in connection with visit of the Grand Worthy Chief Templar at Albert Theatre, this Tuesday evening. Tea on table at 6 o'clock. Some Casino folk object to the common language of fallen humanity appearing in print. Probably the cap fits these would —be paragons of morality so well that they like only the silver-lining printed. Mr. Bradlaugh will visit Australia on a future date. Meeting of committee of Agricultural Society at council chambers at 8 o'clock this Tuesday evening. The last City Corporation meeting, Sydney, simply ended in uproar. Two of the alder- men flatly refused to obey the Mayor's ruling, and his Worship at once dissolved the meeting. One of these had been a Mayor himself, and might have set a better example. The Lambton coal-miners, now on strike have appealed to the public for support. Before the strike some of these men earned £1 5s. 3d., a day, and the average throughout the pit was 15s per diem. 2,200 entries were made for the Broughton Creek agricultural show. Gottlieb Grosse, a German, farmer residing near Albury, accidentally shot himself whilst shooting birds which proved fatal in a few hours. More police protection required at New- castle. The Tamworth people have resolved to invite his Excellency the Governor to visit their district in April. The Daly River Sugar Plantation Company, South Australia, have resolved to call up more capital the venture not yet being a success. An old negro waiter in a Philadelphia (U.S.) hotel thus characterises : the three classes of Episcopal churchmen : "De low church cats, de high church drinks, and de broad church, dey jist smokes." The Silverton railway, S. Australia, will shortly be strengthened at a cost of £30,000. The Queen contributed £500 to the fund which is being raised for the benefit of the unemployed in the United Kingdom. A Bill has been introduced into Congress at Washington, for reducing the Customs by 20,000,000 dollars. The reductions which it is proposed to effect are chiefly upon sugar, but the duties on wool are also to be slightly reduced. The Tramway Trust have accepted the tender of Mitchel and Watson for £40,858, for the construction of a tram line from Mel- bourne to Brunswick. Typhoid fever in Melbourne is increasing to an alarming extent. The famous or notorious May laws are to be repealed at last. By order of Prince Bismarck. The Evening News says,—The drop- pings from the clouds on Tuesday amounted to five points, and those fell at Lismore. Distress in London. A sample : About 200 men were engaged at 4d per hour by the authorities on Jan. 6 to clear the snow off the streets. The fire in the Lithgow coal mine is likely to smoulder for several days, and perhaps weeks. Arrangements have been made by the management to find employment for about eighty hands who have been thrown out of work. The most important feature in the betting market in Melbourne on Tuesday, was the decided demonstration made in favor of Minerva for the Australian Cup, who was backed to win about £5000 at 100 to 8 or 12. The South Australian Government party, which is going to bore for water on the dry Nullabor Plains on the Australian Bight, has arrived at Fowler Bay. The captain of the steamer conveying the party will attempt to land the machinery at the head of the bight in order to save cartage. No landing has ever been accomplished between Eucla and Fowler's Bay, owing to the cliffs being 500 feet high and a constant surf prevailing. Land in this colony produces over 15 bushels of wheat to the acre ; Victoria, rather less than 10; and South Australia about 7 bushels, the latter colony, this year, owing to drought, will only have 3 bushels per acre ; yet we import 2,500,000 bushels yearly. We produce, 4,200,000 bushels, but require 7.000.000 bushels. A Railway official at Albury, charged with negligence, has been prosecuted for causing £150 damages to rolling stock and the, per-- manent way, and fined £5 or a month. Forged bank notes are being circulated in Newcastle, and a few have been cashed at the banks. A supply of water equal to 20,000 gallons per day has been obtained at a depth of only 25 feet on Gerara Station, in the Brewarrina district. The Weather about Adelaide is very hot, over, 100° in the shade, and bush- fires are raging in the country districts. The Government geologist reports very favourably of the gold prospects along the River Torrens, around Gumeracha and Blum- berg, and Mount Pleasant. Cardinal Moran is meeting with an enthu- siastic reception in New Zealand. The General Election takes place in Vic- toria on March 5. The interest in the Pastoral and Agricultu- ral Association, Wellington, is very luke- warm, they have not even decided at what date the show will be this year. Operations by the combined fleets of the Great Powers will shortly be commenced at Salamies, with the view of disabling the Greek fleet, which is at present in the vicinity of that island. What a lot of ocres. 2,500 ironbark sleepers were burnt near Cowra, which is the supposed work of an incendiary. Sir Henry Parkes believes in an Aus- tralian navy of Australian born sailors. A great, philosopher says : "In the economy of nature nothing is lost. The inside of an orange may refresh one man, while the outside of the same fruit may serve as a medium for breaking another man's leg." At the Maclean District Court, yesterday, Judge Murray stated that only steamer fate and not mileage would be allowed witnesses for travelling expenses. In England there are now ; upward of 30,000 blind persons. The proportion of blind people to the population of all Euro- pean nations bears very nearly the same ratio-- 1 in 1000. The Government of Bavaria has sent com- missioners to the United States to examine forest trees with a view of procuring seeds to plant. Great care is taken of the native forests in Bavaria, and many new forests are being set out. JOE THOMPSON the Melbourne Bootmaker and Mr. Quong Tart, the Chinese Philantrophist, we believe intend coming to the Sale of Mr. R. E. de B. Lopez's stud of Blood Horses, Maris, Colts and Fillies, to be sold on Thursday next. SALE of Mr. Lopez well known Stud of Blood Horses including Easily and the Wreck- ling on Thursday next. GREAT STORM IN AMERICA.-- The great storm which swept over the Atlantic sea- board on 9th January (says the "New York Herald") proved to be one of the most disastrous of recent years. When, early on Friday morning, its centre was in the Lower Mississippi Valley, it was com- paratively fooble. But within 24 hours it developed into ».powerful cyclone, and next day the diameter "of its cloud area and circle of gyration extended from Cincinnati beyond Cape Breton (a distance of more than 1200 miles), while in its vortex the barometer had sunk to 28 73 inches at Boston. Such a barometric minimum is extremely rare on this coast, even in our worst winter storm. The explanation of,this,Budden and,x-arei phenomenon is to-be . found-in, the large snowfall which occurred:' ih. 'front of the cyclone, probably, and on the 'Allegheny,. Mountains, , the latent heat given. '? out in the process of condension serving every moment to intensify the rarefaction of the air within the storm circle. According to Dr. Haughton, "one gallon of rainfall gives out latent heat aufholent to molt 451b. of cast iron." We may therefore infer what an enormous force was at work in lowering the air pressure in this region during the passage of the stot ni. The 'careful study of the barometric fall iii this cyclone Mill well reward meterologists. QUEENSI.AND SUGAR IN THE LONDON MARKET. A consignment of one hundred and fifty tons of Queensland sugar was sold on December 18 at the public sales, in Mincing Lane, at an average of £16 per ton. The consignment came from the Herbert Estate of Messrs. Drysdale and Co. Crystallised yellows realised 18s. per cwt., and fourths of the same quality 14s 6d per cwt. The lowest qualities realised £3 per ton more than they would have fetched had they been sold at either Sydney or Melbourne. HOUSE OF COMMONS.-- There will be an astonishingluimber of new men in the House of Commons'this session, and for a time the in-' habitants of, the " gallery" will have some difficulty in knowing the names of those 'who' are speaking.' ' Among the now and the young men there will be a sprinkling of very old heads. In addition to Mr. Gladstone, who is far beyond seventy, there will be Mr. John Bright, who is now seventy-three years of age ; Mr. Talbot, "the father of the House," who has represented Glamorganshire for forty-five years, and is now verging on eighty-five years of ago ; and Mr. Caleb Wtight, who enters on a Parliamentary career as member for Leigh with seventy-five years behind him. 