HOME RULE FOR IRELAND. 'What do Irishmen want?' was the interrogative title of an article 'by an American in London' recently published in the Pall Matt Gazette. The question, however, was not answered. On the contrary, the writer frankly admitted at the outset that it was 'not in the power of any Irish leader to state definitely what Ireland, as represented by the Nationalist party, wants.' Probably this is true. Certainly no one, so far as we know, whether able to make the revela tion or not, has actually done so. This may be a prudential course adopted to avoid possible interference with the Nationalist policy, which appears to be to get as much as it is possible to get Mr. Gladstone, however, protests against a continuance of this silence, and asks all and sundry to say what they want. Probably there are many Nationalists who are themselves surprised as to how much there is to be conceded to Ireland that is now almost within grasp, and with out doubt there are many .Englishmen who are aghast at the manner in which states men are prepared to outbid each other in the way of concession to Ireland. Mr. Parnell has long seen and acknowledged that Mr. Gladstone was the oae man. whose disposition and ability were at once equal to securing the largest prac ticable response to the demands of the Irish leaders. It was in view of this fact that we recently commented upon his re lation to the two great parties in terms that elicited some warm protests from one or two Irish correspondents. It seemed to us that political morality demanded some fidelity to the statesman from whom Mr. .Parnell avowedly expected to obtain more for Ireland than any other could give. Our correspondents appear not to think so, and we shall not de vote ourselves to the attempt to con vert them to our view. Others have talked more than Mr. Gladstone — some of them probably because they have not had the same sense of responsibility. Lord Salisbury seems to have been con vinced that the' best thing he could do was to stand by and watch ; but his lieu tenant. Lord Randolph Churchill, pro claims his conviction that a refusal of Home Rule to Ireland would be the pre cursor of civil war. And this brings us back again to our friend the 'American in London,' who speaks of Home Rule as ' the irreducible minimum of Irish de mands,' and proceeds, with a careful dis claimer of any right to speak with autho rity, to explain that file 'irreducible minimum' may include an Irish Viceroy, an Irish Parliament, a possible veto vested in an address by both Houses of Parlia ment at Westminster, religious equality, a settlement of the land on a system the kernel of which seems to be that the English should lend the money for pur chasing it from the present landlords and the Irish should enjoy possession of it , and, finally, the possibility of a happy Imperial federation in 'the dim and distant future' as Mr. Gladstone would say. This perhaps is about as definite a statement of the ' irreducible minimum' as has yet been put forth, but it remains for some one else to define Home Rule as to its non-expansible maximum. The 'irreducible minimum, however, is by no means regarded with equanimity by a considerable number of the British nation, and much anxiety prevails on every hand. The personnel of Mr. Gladstone's Govern ment has been modified by the differences that exist among Liberals on the ques tion, and discussion of it fills the columns of the English press. Mr. Glad stone has not yet disclosed a policy for dealing with Irish affairs ; and Mr. Morley's Chelmsford speech, though occupied chiefly with the question, goes little beyond non-committal suggestions in favor 'of something like a responsible Government to Ireland ;' and, moreover, at the time of the delivery of that speech the Conservatives were in office, and Mr. Morley was not a Cabinet Minister. It may serve as a caution to those who sup pose that the whole matter is practically settled, and that the reassembling of Parliament is all that is needed to formally dispose of it, to quote Mr. Morley's opinion as to the nearness of a settle ment. ' I am not sanguine enough;' he said, ' to believe that we shall settle that question in the next Parliament, or even in the next after that.' When it is considered in how nebu lous a condition the whole subject is, this somewhat startling suggestion of the weary contentions that are in store before a final settlement is attained does not after all seem un reasonable. Among the contributions to the discussion of the question of Home Rule none are more noteworthy than two written letters by Sir. J. F. Stephen, one of the most distinguished occupants of the English judicial bench, and they are all the more significant because of the in dependence of the writer of the political considerations that weigh with the majority of others who are engaged in the discussion. The tone and purport of Mr. Justice Stephen's letters may be gathered from one of the introductory sentences. After stating that for eleven years he has made his summer home in Ireland, and has none ' but the kindliest relations with its people, he proceeds — 'The interest which I take in the people and in the country in creases the shame and horror with which, as an Englishman before everything else in the world, I am filled by the scheme now said to be entertained of the estab lishment of an independent Irish Parlia ment, mainly for the sake of certain English party objects.' The points he discusses are thus stated : — What course in reference to Home Rule in Ireland ia best for the United Kingdom and the British Empire % What does that course involve? How can it be carried out? After setting out the possible courses open he discusses at length, as that which is avowedly aimed at by the Nationalists and others at the present moment, the proposal that he states as follows :— ' The establishment of an independent Par* liajnent in Ireland with power to legislate for exclusively Irish questions, but controlled by guaranteed from interfering in Imperial questions-, and from exceeding certain bounds io the matters on wh&b; it is to legislate.' He ' argues very powerfully that whatever these proposed guarantees might be they ?? would be ineffective, and that to establish a Parliament at all in Ireland would be to put into the hands of that Parliament the , power to establish Irish- independence. I He recognises as the only plausible way I ; of supporting the proposal for a separate i Parliament the argument that the result I would be, as in the case of England's 1 colonies, that the will to separate would : be taken away. But lie contends that all ? tlie conditions are essentially different, ; and that therefore the result- would not j be the same-. ' We must either be cooi- I ponent parts of one great whole,' lie Siya, ! ' or else be bitter enemies ; and if we I are to be e»emies, the enmity will split j Ireland at onee into tw3 furiously liosoil& j communities and establish a hostile ] colony in every great English tomi.' Dealing with the phrase ' justice to Ire land,' Sir J. F. Stephen denies that that justice requires a separate Parliament for Ireland, which, as we have seen, is in- his view equivalent to a separate kingdom. Justice as applied to legislation he defines as ' a determination to promote, to the best of the legislators' ability and judg ment, the welfare of all who are affected by this legislation.' Hemaintainsthatthat justice can be done and ought to be done without Home Rule. ' Whatever may be really for the good of Ireland, the British Parliament can and ought to do, but it should do it itself and on its own responsibility.' Mr. Morley in referring to Sir James Stephen's letters, un doubtedly put his finger on the weak point when he criticised the iudge's pro posal to ' re-enact the Crimes Act ' as the remedy for Ireland's troubles, and he showed a wise discretion in confining him self to that weak point, and in not at tempting to answer his arguments on the general question of Home Rule. Mr. J. F. Stow, S.M., will continue to act temporarily as magistrate of the Mount Gam bier Court. It is generally believad that lie will be appointed to take charge of this court as -well as oi that of Narracoorte. The records taken at the Observatory on Thursday showed that the heat in the sun went as high as 161°, and m the shade 105 7°. The mairitr'''! in the sun was thus nearly 5 degrees higher, than it was on Wednesday, when the reading was 156*5°. The Minister of Education has requested the Government Resident in the Northern Terri tory to recommend a suitable gentleman to act as Customs agent at the Macarthur. The Minister is considering this together with the application recently recsived for the appoint ment of a special magistrate at the Macarthur. A boring party has, at the wish of the Mannum District Council, who have guaran teed the cost, gone to the hun dred of Finniss, in the neighborhood of Mannum. It is desired to obtain a supply of water for general purposes, and it is not ex pected that the bores will be required to go deeper than 200 or 300 feet. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has h^tructtd the Government Geologist to pro cerd as soon as possible to the Fort Lincoln district in order to see what the gold prospect it g? party recently dispatched to that neighbor L--^£ aie doing. Mr. Brown will leave for the distiict as soon as his present engagements nil! permit. It was the intention of the Commissioner of Crown Lands within, if possible, a fortnight to start with the chief inspector of vermin on a tuur round the various rabbit camps. There aie now fifty-five rabbit parties out, and as their operations extend from the south-east to the west coast it will be at once seen that Mr. Howe's self -imposed task is by no means an easy one. At the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday, the secretary (Mr. T. N. Stephens) laid on tne table a statement showing the balance of loans remaining to be expended upon deepening operations and harbor improve ments throughout the colony on January 31 last. The totalwas £62,203, which was divided as follows :— Port Adelaide, £42,699; Fort Pirie, £5,236; Port Augusta, £9,455; and other outports, £4,913. Our Bugle Ranges correspondent writes on February 19:— 'A fire was deliberately started by some one about midnight on Thurs day in about ten different places extending over a mile in length, near tae Bugle Ranges railway-station, on the properties of Mrs. Callaby, and Messrs. Cummins and Sleep. Tae flames were got under in about three hours, but it is expected when the eun rises the fire will start quite fresh again. Large dry trees and logs are still burning.' We are informed by the DeputyPostmaster General that telegraphic communication with Cape Borda was restored on Wednesday after noon, when reports were received that exten sive fires had been raging all over Kangaroo Island on Wednesday and Thursday. Our correspondent at Maitland telegraphed on Thursday—' Large fires are raging for miles around this district, destroying a large quan tity of fencing.' We also received news from » correspondent at Bletchley of another large bushfire in that district, which was going towards Mulgundawa. The president of the Central Board of Health (Dr. WhitteU) has received the follow ing telegram from Inspector Farrell, who was sent up to Hahndorf to make enquiries with regard to the outbreak of typhoid in the little German township: — 'One case (young Janesch) very serious, other two progressing favorably ; no fresh cases.' Dr. Whittell goes up to Mount Barker to-morrow, and will con sult with Dr. Bovill (the local physician) on the cases which have occurred; he will also visit Jlahndori, and if necessary see the patients and their surroundings personally. Referring to a paragraph in another column in which it is stated that at Wednes day's meeting of the City Corporation Coun cillor Downs complained that Councillor Roberts and Councillor Frost had called him 'a d ? d bh»8ted old liar,' we have been assured by Councillor Frost that he used no such expression, and that Councillor Downs did not accuse him of having done so. Alder man Davis, Councillor Downs, and Councillor .Newman also write stating that Councillor Frost did not make use of the objectionable language, which was, they point out, used by another councillor. The petition of the enginedrivers and fire men, presented to the Locomotive Engineer, has been forwarded by that gentleman to the Commissioner of Public Works, who has taken it into consideration. It will be remem bered that the men objected to working less than six days in the week, and asked that some arrangements might be made whereby this could be avoided. Mr. Spence has in formed Mr. Thow that if the men object to work short time the staff will have to be re duced. A similar proposition was made to the men working at the Islington workshops, and they accepted the former alternative. Mr. Spence points out that in three months at least the line of railway to the border will be opened, and in twelve months the Silverton line will also be ready for opening. These lines will probably, with those already in existence, keep the whole of the staff employed at full time, and in the meantime Mr. Spence thinks the men might wait and accept shorter hours of labor. The chief inspector of stock (Mr. Valentine) has recently inspected an outbreak of disease among a farmer's sheep near Mount Gambier. It attacked more than half the ewes and nearly all the lambs in the flock. The first symptoms were swelling of the ears and the breaking out of an erysipelatous scab over the face, in some cases so virulent as to destroy sight. The ani mals appeared to be in a high state of fever, and as the disease subsided they were covered with a black scab. Patches of wool also fell off their bodies. The sheepattacked were running in a very rough paddock, almost bare of feed, and the inspector attributes the disease to the want of nourishing food, and the probable eating of some deleterious plant. Some of the sheep died, but since the rest of the flock have been removed into a stubble-paddock, many of them have recovered. Post-mortem examina tions showed the presence of longworms in one sheep, but the others were internally quite healthy. Some of the patients have been dosed with salto, but a report of the result has not yet been received. The in spector has also examined some cattle in the hundred of Schomburgk, among which some deaths had occurred, which were attribu ted to pleuro-pneumonia. The result of his in vestigations is that he believes the disease was due . to sporadic affections of the digestive organs, and not to epizootic pleuro-pneumonia. In the same neighborhood, however, near the Government well, several bullocks on private property were examined and found to be suffer ing from pleuro, but as they had been imported into the province more than six months the inspectors had no authority to order their destruction under the regulations of the Health Act. The manager of the station has promised to remove them to another paddock where they will not be in contact with other stock, and he will destroy the dead carcases. Cases of this sort leave little doubt that the Stock Act should be amended, so as to allow of the necessary action being taken by the inspectors irrespective of the data of thQ arrival of the S&Wle; ID the colony. 