Latest I¥ews. THE WHARF LABOURERS' STRIKE.—Mr. Morris, the Secretary of the Seamen's Union, haa received the following telegram from the Secretary of the Melbourne Society:—" Strike settled satisfactorily to all parties. See Melbourne papers for basis of settlement. Return crews to work Barrabool, Taramung, and Nemesis. L?ft scratch crews; let them return; settle here." LABOUR BDEEATJ.—Up till noon on Mon day, January 18,21 men, all labourers, had applied for work at the Labour Bureau in Adelaide. Eight are married and 13 single, and all accepted the work offered, 14 going to Hergott, 3 to Thebarton, 2 to Petersburg, and 2 to Dry Creek. These numbers bring np the tatala to 836 names taken, of whom 466 have acccepted work at Hersott, 56 at Dry Creek, 64 at North Adelaide, 4.7 at Thebarton, 45 at Port Adelaide, 20afc May lands, 17 at Glen Osmond, 10 at Orroroo, 2 at Petersburg, and 1 at Beetaloo; while the balance of 108 refused to take the work offered. Out of 50 men whose names were taken during the last four days, however, only one declined to take employment. The only applicants whose names ars not entered are a comparatively few youths, who are evidently unfit for such work as the Government have on offer, and who are advised to call at the private labour offices in the city. CUSTOMS HANDBOOK.—The Customs authorities are preparing a supplement to the Customs Handbook of 1883, rendered necessary by the new tariff of last session. The alterations will be very considerable, and the publication will prove of great service in the department, to say nothing of its usefulness outside. MERCANTILE MARINE AND FIRE INSU- RANCE COMPANY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA.—The Directors of the Mercantile Marine and Fire Insurance Company of South Australia have decided to pay a dividend of Is. per share, and a bonus of Is. per share on 1st February next. MR. LINDSAY'S TRIP THROUGH THE CON- TINENT.—Mr. David Lindsay, who left Adelaide with an exploring party on October 26 for a trip through the continent, writes from DalhouBie Springs, dating January 2, and stating that he had traced the River Finke to its debouchement, and endeavoured unsuccessfully to obtain fresh information about the fate of Leichhardt. He speakB in high terms of praise of Lientenant Dittrich, his second, who had already made an extensive botanical collection. The party started on January 2 from Dalhousie Springs to strike the Queensland Border, going thither through unexplored country. They were accompanied by Mr. C. Bagot and a black boy. VEHICLE ACCIDENT.—An accident occurred on the Glen Osmond-road on Saturday night. A horse in Mr. Hampson's buggy bolted and placed in jeopardy Mrs. Hampson and her child and servant, who were in the trap. The servant jumped out and was not seriously injured; the child remained in the vehicle and was not hurt at all, but Mrs. Hampson was thrown oat by a capsize of the buggy, and falling npon her neck was severely bruised and shaken. The trap was smashed. Dr. Ellison, driving on the road at the time, jumped out of his vehicle and tried unsuccessfully to stop the runaway. He afterwards drove Mrs. Hampson to her house. FIRE AT PORT VINCENT.—We are informed that on Friday last Mr. W. T. Waterhouse's residence at Port Vincent was completely destroyed by fire, A bushfire had been iaging in the neighbourhood, but it was believed to be extinguished, and between 2 and 3 o'clock Mr. and Mrs. Waterhouse and family, seeing that everything was safe, went to the beach for a bathe. On their return they found their house razed to the ground, and all their belongings consumed. It is believed that a whirlwind swept up some living embers from some distance away and deposited them on the building which, being of wood, quickly caught alight with the result already mentioned. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Waterhouse, as he is only partially insured. LOCAL COURT AT HERGOTT.—The Government have made arrangements to open a Local Court at Hergott next month. The sittings will be bi-monthly, and Mr. Donaldson, S.M:, late of Port Augusta, has been appointed the presiding Magistrate. THE WEATHER.—A pleasant change in the weather occurred on Sunday afternoon. The heat for the past week has been oppressive, but yesterday afternoon the sky became clouded, and shortly after a cool breeze sprang np, which was very refreshing. On Sunday night light rain fell for two or three honrs, and tbe wind at midnight was gusty. With an overcast sky and a falling barometer there was a prospect at 3 tbis morning of more rain. Mr. Wragge, whose interesting synopsis we publish in another column, does not think that the Adelaide plains are likely to be favoured with rain to any appreciable extent iust vet. THE DROWNED YOUTHS.—Our correspondent at Overland Comer reports on January 16: — "The bodies of Masters Cave and Muecke, who were drowned at Chowilla yesterday, have been found, and will be taken down by the Ruby." LAND NATIONALIZATION.—A meeting of the Committee of the Adelaide Branch of the South Australian Land Nationalization Society was held at the Sturt Hotel on Saturday, January 16. Mr. J. H. Wright occupied the chair. After discussion it was decided that at the next meeting the subject to be discussed sbould be " Rent and Wages." The Secretary read correspondence from tbe parent Society in Eapunaa showing that it is proposed to hold a conference in Adelaide of all the different branches about the middle of February. FIRE AT HINDMARSH.—Shortly before 8 o'clock on Sunday morning considerable excitement was caused [in Hindmarsh by the sounding of the fire signal at the Brompton Gasworks. It was at once seen that a dense volume of smoke was issuing from Messrs. Reid & Sons' Victoria Tannery. It appears to be usual for a certain number of employes at the tanneries to be at the yard on Sunday mornings for a short time to attend to a particular class of work. Three men so employed at Messrs. John Beid & Sons' premises discovered the npper floor of the barkmills to be on fire. The alarm was speedily conveyed to the captain of the Volunteer Fire Brigade (one of the firm), whose residence adjoins the tannery. The reel wa3 on the scene in a very short time, and a good pressure of water enabled the men to get the fire under before Superintendent Salter and men arrived from Adelaide. Some verv complete and costly machinery adjoins the barkmill in which the fire started, and within about 30 feet of the barkmill there is an immense stack of stripped bark, valued at £7,000, not covered by insurance, while immediately to the west of the tannery are the extensive premises of Messrs. King and Son, timber merchants. Had the fire started when a wind was blowing a large conflagration would probably have occurred. The estimated damage done is about £300. Nothing appears to be known as to the origin of the fire. An iuquest will be held. FIRE IN BUNDLE-STREET.—About twenty minutes past 3 o'clock on Sunday morning Police-constable Crawley, while on duty in Bundle- street, observed that the premises occupied by Mr. W. R. Menz as a jeweller's shop, 85i, Rundle-street, were on lire. He immediately gave the alarm to the fireman in charge of the handreel at the Arcade, and then informed the Head Station. The Arcade handreel was soon at work, and when the other reels arrived a few minutes later the fire was nearly out. This is striking proof of the wisdom of placing handreels in various parts of the city, as had the fire been unchecked till t!i3 arrival of the head station reel considerably more damage wo^ld have been done, and it might by that time bave attained such dimensions that great difficulty would have been experienced in extinguishing it. The premises which are damaged are occupied bv Mr. W. R. Menz as a jeweller's shop and Messrs. Marchant & Son as a fancy goods shop and basket manufactory, Mr. Menz has not suffered mush loss, but the fancy goods were nearly all consnmed. The premises are owned by Mr. J. Leaver, who has let thsm to Mr. MenZj and the latter has sublet the portion used as a fancy shoa MeEsre. Marchant & Son are insured for £300 in tbe Ugn lasvw^w Company, 