BAROXGAROO1G? /.' (FREn OR COR ESPONDX NT.): 'a ' ,. , - fiay 8-f No grass is the general complaint. Hitherto we have read of drought gnd-its effects, but now for the first time we are in a modified form experiencing its ill'effects. Even shonld we be blessed with a good downpour, the frosts that will f616* will prevent the growth of grass to mny 'extent, so the outlook for the coming winter is not very cheering. Many of the residents of the common have driven their ca:ttle. back into the Forest, preferring the probability of losing them to the certainty of their re miining and dying of starvation. ..Their. numbiers have been swelled by many others that have wisely been dispatched.from .the paddocks in Elliminyt and: Baiongarook hiere fetces were destroyed byy the bush fire.: . Clearing up tihe debris, burning of logs, repiring breeches in .and. erecting;.,n l'nces. re-building piggeries and other utt houses is the order of the day., More clearing has been done during the'present iumaer than the fire previous y.drs. Thanks t tilie generosity of the Victorian uillie, the 'work has and is .being done sith comparatively light hheakrts?: Mst'opf the recipients of the aid aliuded toare sensible of the great amount of gratuitous labor performed on their behalf by the Secretary of the Colac Shire Codncil, Mr. P. C. Wilson. Several' have expressed their desire to contribute a small 'sum for the purpose of presenting him with a testi monial. Whether their gratitude ,will confine itself to mere expression.remains to be proved. One thing is certain, there are sMme that have received, very large: com Pensation for very small losses, and can' well afford to contribute very liberally. The dangerous condition of the delpi dated bridge near Sheahan's paddock indi cates the probability that you will shodtly have to chronicle the loss of life or limb of man or beast. NIany landowners -hae availed them selves of the opportunity the exceptional season las given to clean out their dams and waterholes and in doing so have dis plosed tile existence of English fish in e4ideral)[e sumbor, size, and variety. This fact of their sacclimti§g-iion and diffu con must he gratffying to all who intcrest tlemsllvcsinpiscatorial matters" -Recently o malu assisting Mr. Jos. Prigg, while standing knee-deep in the muld and water, was atartled by what he conceived to be a snake gliding past his leg, but which on capture and investigation provedo to lie a ih 10in. in length. • Many others after wards were secured, but their captors wore unable with certainty to declare the species to which they belonged. Several fino perch dead--have been seen on the banks of that fine sheet of water at Tarnalln, Mr. Geo. Hills' property.. The day may yet come when we may imitate our American eusin and turn our attention to fish arming. Coimplaints are frequent of the unsuit ?aility of the present . Land Act for thiE pa, of the colony. Settlement is stopped to the ijly of Colac and other tewniships Bimilarly situated. As the influence of the Present Minister of Lands is not limited to cit blocks and suburban allotments, it is e iopd our representative, Mr. Forrest illenhstlis interest.in the nmlttor, and :n an alteration in the present state ol of'ius change of we-:ther incans a change clothes. A change of clothes requires len e in styles and pattenms of m:aterials ha lolse thalt las tie choicest and newsl talngs( in fabrics and patternis and gives le best value is likely to secure thi rIatest Ilumber of new ceustoellrsa an( r??as anld retain them. Soliciting yoll Svetigationtii of the above ideia I ereilI.il vite .ult to call inl exeusiinee lily uhe inter goods in millinery, clothling, flan tl, - and blankets, just suited to thijs am he eoming weather.- . F. SyoDENHAm Economic Store, CoIac.-FAn:r.j 