The Bush Fires in the Heytesbury Forest. (BY THE Argus SPECIAL REPORTER.) A brief summary of the losses of some of the sufferers by the forest fires will perhaps more clearly than anything else bring home to the community how deserv- ing of generous support is the relief fund which is now inviting subscriptions. The losses, it should be remembered, have fallen upon poor men—thrifty, hard-work- ing men—who nearly all have large families, and whose last penny has been spent in fencing, building, and planting upon their land. The burning of the fences, houses, and orchards, was the loss of everything they had, for the spare cash they had when they took up the land was spent in living upon it before years of scrub cutting and clearing enabled them to put in even a few acres of crop. Now, homeless and penniless they stand, except for these clearings, where they were 7, 10, or 13 years ago. They must cut and haul timber to enclose their grounds afresh, and rear once more on the blackened site another home. But whence are to come the household chattels, or the price of this year's harvest, or of the fruits of the orchard, which were about to be gathered in? How is the grass seed purchased for this year's plant- ing — and without planting there is no grass in the Heytesbury Forest — to be replaced, and what is to buy food while the hut raising and fencing is to be done over again; how is the land to be tilled without the ploughs and harrows and rollers which many of the farmers lost? There are no bank balances to buy them. It is truly a "sturdy yeomanry," which the people of Victoria are asked to assist. Only the most sturdy of men, both in mind and body, would essay to " settle" in the impenetrable Heytesbury forest and "learn to labour and to wait" long enough to make the slightest progress in the laborious task. The forest is a closed area to all but the most temperate, provident, and indefatigable of husband- men, and it is such men who have been left as nearly destitute as men possessed of such good qualities can be. The par- ticulars I give below will help to illustrate my meaning. Thomas Vagg, who has been nine years at Cowley's Creek, had his home, furni- ture, orchard, outhouses, implements, and about an acre of crop, and much fencing quite destroyed. Colin Leitch was also burnt out in the same way, nothing but some fencing being preserved. Angus Robertson also lost everything except some potatoes, including two buildings and farm implements. Robertson broke his leg twice during the last 12 months, once by a horse falling on him, and again by slipping from a fence. He has been laid up for a long time, and is still unable to work for his living. James Callaghan saved nothing out of his hut, and a store room full of material was likewise con- sumed. Charles Cowley was at Cobden with a sick wife when the fire swept away his fencing, orchard, house and furniture. The orchards, it may be mentioned, are of special value in the forest, as the district is equal to Tasmania for growing fruit, and the ground is so hard to clear that it is the practice to make the most of it by planting with fruit trees the little that can be got ready for cultivation within the past five years. There were two others who lost their houses whom I refrain from mentioning, inasmuch as they were what may be called substantial farmers, but the following, who have lost a great deal, short of their houses are much in need of help :—Robert and Albion Cowley (ex- tensive close fencing and 25 bags of grass seed). Patrick Power (fencing, imple- ments, outhouses and 18 bags of grass seed.) John Egan suffered similarly, and so did Thomas Ryan, who saved his house with the greatest difficulty. Matthew O'Connor (fencing), Thomas Dawson (fencing), Mrs. Nelson, of Cowley's Creek Post-office (fencing and outhouses), Christopher Underwood (fencing), John Middleton (fencing), Benjamin Widdi- combe (Fencing); John M'Kenzie and T. Davies also had fences burned. In this list I have omitted the names of some who lost heavily, but who were, comparatively speaking, fairly off. These cases were few and far between in an area of 50 miles of country. There are other cases which have already been described in the Argus, and are now omitted. Even with these included there are other sufferers in the Hampden Shire, who were so widely scattered that it was impossible to visit them all in the time at my disposal. My tour embraced a wide tract of country between Camperdown and Port Campbell, and was made under the pilotage of guides well acquainted with the country, but the fire was so extensive that it would be pre- sumptuous to profess to give a list of sufferers in which then would be no omissions. The official list of the names of those who have lost their homes, supplied to me by the provisional relief committee of Scott's Creek is as follows :— Kennedy's Creek — Porter; Scott's Creek — Cowley, A. Gemmell; Cowley's Creek — D. Hurley, C. Leitch, T. Vagg, J. Callahan, A. Robertson, M. Ryan, Ashton, Wark, C. Cowley, Monk; Curdie's River — P. Power, Egan, Cockerell; Port Campbell — Rose, Davies; Brucknell — P. Love, Galloway, Keogh. The parish of Laang contained within the shire of Warrnambool, and, therefore, distinct from the Heytesbury cases in the Hampdenshire, was also visited. Three families were burnt out under circum- stances of very great hardship. The first was that of R. Chick, whose wife and three children were the sole occupants of the house when the fire came. Chick was away working with a threshing machine, bought upon terms, in which he held a share. The woman and little ones are residing in a tent close to the remains of their former house and the ashes of their personal belongings. Excepting only the working clothes they had on their backs at the time of the visitation, absolutely everything on the spot was destroyed, in- cluding two sheep, a number of fowls, a new Singer's sewing machine, and a large quantity of tools. The two or three cows in the paddock, the fences of which of course were consumed, had their udders and teats so injured by jumping burning logs in their endeavors to escape that the running sores rendered them incapable of being milked. John Flynn, the next case in this neighborhood, was even in a degree worse off. He had a mile and a half of expensive paling and stubb fencing burnt, his house utensils and belongings of every kind also went, and the children, of whom there are three, were more or less burnt about the chest and limbs. Some of the man's potato crop, and all of his peas were destroyed. Like Chick he was absent at the time of the occurrence, and his wife, encumbered with the young children and unaided, had to fight for her own and their little ones' lives against the fire. This case is really a deserving one. Andrew Forgarty, a well-known character in the district was the remaining sufferer at Laang, completely burnt out like the others, and interrogated how he found himself, he replied, "I'll soon tell you how I feel; I thank God l am not burnt myself," He then went on to describe how the clothing he wore had several times taken fire and was only extinguished by his rolling on the ground, and how his wife would inevitably have fallen a victim, but that she was deterred by him from carrying out her intention to enter the flaming hut, in order to save some effects. In spite of fate however, Forgarty said he was not done yet, and averred that if the people to whom he owed money only gave him time and were willing to take payment by instalments, he would still be as right as the bank. Notwithstanding his pluck, this man also is a very great sufferer. 