berrigan. rnoit oca connEsrosnKNT. The long spell of cool weather with whiah we have been favored lately has had a most beneficial effect upon public health . AmoDgnt others, Mrs. Frank SuiimoilR is progressing favor ably after iter long attack of illness, and it is hoped by her numerous friends that this steady improvement may continue until Iter health is com pletely restored. Frnit hawkers aro this year mora than ordinarily numerous, and carry on a stirring compotition, to the great benefit of tho buyor. Mr. Robert M'Farlane has up to tho present carried off tho palm for variety nnd value. If our own gardens aro not sufficiently maturod to supply all the numerous requirements of tho Corown gourmand, we can at least equal, if not surpass yon, in the quality of our molons, nnd last but not least, potatoes. Tho fire on Ooree Station, to whieh I referred laBt week, cost the mnnnga- ment some 4000 acres nf grass nnd n largo quantity of fencing before it waB subdued. Since then the reflec tion of nnother large fire in the direc tion of Tocumwal has been plainly visible ; but up to the present no definite information has been received. ' The astonishing prevalence of bush fires inn season remarkable as the wettest for years has eaused a very wide-spread ' feeling of' uneasiness. People are prone to ask why no notices, cautioning travellers and the public generally against tho careless use of matches, have been posted in the district. Tt is. held, also, that in every case n searching enqniry should be made into tbe canse of bushfireB, and the matter should be thoroughly sifted before being allowed to drop. If not actually the deed of incendiaries, many of tho outbreaks nro owing to the oxnreiso of eulpable negligence, and from our point of.viow the ques tion is one nf damages, not of motives. As an instnnco I may quote the details of a case which lias, I believe, been placed in the hands of tho Terilderie police. A selector, early in the month, sot fire to a paddock whioh had just been 'stripped, with 'the in tention of clearing off the stubble. A strong wind was blowing at tbe time, and the flames were soon beyond control and spreading with fearful rapidity. Fortunately a number of tpen, among them Mr. George Mit- nil rtll /vv 4-h ft uiamiii ivast LI Aftl uucu) UL una uainuii iuat uiuutt) were noar at hand, and after a tre mendously hard struggle succeeded in averting the danger. Had it not been for their effortB, Momolong and Nnn- gunia runs would certainly have been in flames, and perhaps we might have witnessed a conflagration equnl to thnt which lias devastated the country in the south of Viotoria. 