BTOCK INSPECTORS' REPORTS. MLonox.--Fine up to Friday, when 86 points rain fell. Pasture fair. Water supply sufficient in most parts of the district ; will probably last about three nbinths. Condition of stock fairly good and improving; 452 store cattle, Wild Horse Plains to Carcoar; 20,000 store wethers Edgoroi to Ballarat. NAnAnai?s.-Fine, very hot. Pasture as bad as it can be. Water supply very low. Condition of stock low; 8108 sheep to Benhaba. CoNDonnom.--Pleasantlycool. Asplendid rain of 2in. and 0 points fell on 10th instant. The fall extended over a con siderable area, replenishing streams, and doing an immense amount of good. More rain is threatening. Pasture fair as a rule. Water supply replenished. Con dition of stock good. Waoae WAooA.-Very hot, with occa sional showers. Pasture very good. Water' supply abundant. Condition of stock, good. 5980 wethers to Victoria; 900 sie. uy sheop, 0nagIlan3 fi Coolamnore 360 mixed, Taney to Doniliquin. Stock movements are few, owing to low prices of store sheep. CoowA.--Fine and hot all the week, with indications of rain. PaSture good. Water supply plentiful for the summer. Condition of stock, good. 5660 fat sheep and 33 fat cattle, Qual Quatta to Mel bourne. MAZTLAND.-Pine; about lin. rain in week. Pasturo improving. Wator supply plentiful and likely to last. Condition of stock satisfactory. 2635 sheep, 1136 cattle, and 65 horses to Maitland markets. Nice rain on Tuesday; the crops and pasture have benefitted very mnch. Dusno.-Some nice rain fell on Satur day and Sunday, about 1in. in all. Pas ture slightly improved since late rain. Water supply good. Condition of stock very good; 7000 ewes passed through. MUDGno ANaD ItR STONE. - Heavy storms Saturday and Sunday. .Pasture verygood all over district. Water supply abundant. Condition of stock good. WEnTwoBTs.-Very hot and dry. Pas ture improving. Plenty of water every where: Condition of stock very low, owing to the late hard times. BoOrALA non EDEN.-Hot and dry; fre quent westerly and easterly wind. Pas ture-none in Bombala; Bega and Eden improved, but much more rain required. Water is scarce. Very many sheep are dying from the drought. 180 cattle; Bob bunluke to Cooma for grass; 250 from Craigie to Candelo." The drought still continues. DEsIIsqumb.-A. week of seasonable weather; changothreatening. Therehavo beennsome large bush-fires in the eastern portion of the district, but they have not done much harm to the pasture, as there is lots of green grass growing. There is a good supply of water in all the tanks. All descriptions of stock are in first-class condition, and a great manyare fat. There are very few sheep moving. MoanaA.-Very cool and pleasant, but a change threatening. Pasture very good and green. Condition of stock very good and improving fast. 100 sheep crossed from Victoria. GLEN INNEs.-Some nice showers'during the week-36 points. Pasture growing well. Water supply plentiful. Stock im proving fast. 6800 store owes Garrawilla to Westbrook; 2500 fat wethers Inverell to Brisbane; 7693 store wethers Blair Hill to Braiside; 2248 fat wethers Byron to Brisbane; 44 cows, calves, andbulls Clave valuse to Warwick; 145 steers Clarevaluse to EastTalgai; 9271 store wethers Edgeroi to GlenInnes; 1403 store wethers Water loo to Acacia. AnnmDnaL.-Weather unsettled. Par tial rains, heavy in places, have fallen. Pasture very good in general. Water supply fair. Rain wanted to fill dams and creeks. Condition of stock good. 5000 store ewes Cobar to Falconer; 6690 wethers and 160 rams Golwyck to Yallaroi; 300 wethers Armidale to Kempsey. BAT?aHss.-Fifty-seven p'oints of rain in week; now hot and fine. Pasture fair generally. Water supply sufficient. 2146 fat sheep Condobolin to. Bathurst. Bu?AnwooO.-Fine; very warm. Pas ture improving. Water supply sufficient. 300 mixed sheep Braidwood to Goulburn. WancALDA.-Weather fine; fifty-two points rain in some parts. Pasture going off. Water supply good, and stock still improving. 1600 fat wethers for Brisbane; 1200 rams, Landsborough to Queensland. WALGETT.-Warm, dry, with cool nights until 15th, when 25 points rain fell. Now close and sultry, thundering, and threa-' teiiing for rain. Pasture very scarce around Walgett, but reported plentiful in the neighbourhood of Mooni River and Mogil, and in some parts of Brewarrina. Water supply sufflicient for present require ments-Barwon and Namoi both rnning strong. Most of the tanks fairly supplied. It is reported that a very high rise in the Barwon may shortly be expected. Such a rise is badly needed, to fill the branches once more. Condition of stock, slightly im proved, noticeable in consequence of late rains. The bulk of stock immediately around Walgett has been removed; condi tion may be quoted generally at from fair to good. 