The Advertiser SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1886. MR. GLADSTONE'S anxiously looked-for proposals for the future government of Ireland have at length been announced in the House of Commons, and a perusal of the summary of them contained in our London telegrams will explain the fact that they have been received by the English press with all but universal dis approval. Mr. Gladstone's splendid oratory may exercise a magic influence over the House of Commons so long as it is ringing in the ears of the members, but the proposals of his scheme have to be submitted to the calm and cold criticism of other places and other circumstances, and the House of Commons itself awakes from the spell of oratory to weigh and value measures for their practical adaptation to the pur pose for which they are proposed. Doubt less as the discussion proceeds the merits of Mr. Gladstone's proposals will be can vassed with a diligence and-thoroughness ; that will leave nothing to be desired. Meanwhile it does seem a little early to threaten, as the Daily Nvtca appears to have done, that the rejection of tliis scheme will result in the enforcement of one still more objectionable. Mr. Par nell and his party are represented a3 jubilant, but they hesitate to accept some points in the scheme ; and on the whole their jubilation results, we imagine, rather from what they hope the proposals may be modified into than from what they are. The Imperial control of the police, even though not permanent, and of Customs, the charging of a fifteenth of the Imperial expenditure to Ireland, and the exclusion of Irish representatives from the House of Com mons, will not be relished by the Parnel lites. The Liberals on the other hand seem to show little sig.i of cordial support to the great leader of the party in this particular part of bis statesmanship. With the press unfriendly, the Liberals indifferent and uncertain, and the Parnel lites jubilant, the Premier must anticipate rocks ahead—for the jubilation of Mr. Parnell's party is an ominous assurance of a very strong sentiment on the other side. The proposal to constitute two orders who shall sit together in the Irish Par liament and vote separately when so desired will come as a surprise to most persons. It appears to be an economic experiment to avoid two chambers, and yet secure the advantages of the bi cameral system. As we are not aware of the existence of any pre cisely similarly constituted Legislature we can scarcely venture an opinion as to whether it will be found workable when submitted to the practical test of actual trial. The first or upper order is to number 104 members, of whom 29 are to be Irish peers, and 75 are to be elected on a property qualification by electors occupying premises of an annual value of not less than £25. The second order is to number 201, the 103 present Irish members of the House of Commons, and 101 new members to be elected under the existing franchise constituting that number. Effect is to be given to the pro ceedings of the Parliament similar to that which would result from the existence of wo* separate chambers, by giving the power of veto to each order. By this arrangement, though a measure might secure a majority of the whole House, the members of either order would have a right to require a vote by both orders, and if a majority of either order was opposed to the measure it would be vetoed. That is to say every measure would have to command a majority of the whole House and of each order. It seems pretty plain that this arrangement would be well calculated to occasion some lively scenes, when the proverbial warmth of Irishmen was excited by the passion of debate and the closeness of divisions. However, if Ireland is to have a Parlia ment at all, it is not likely that the , English Legislature will very greatly con cern itself about the peculiar constitution ; and mode of procedure of that Parliament i if it is shown that the wish of Irishmen , will be met. : It is tolerably certain that Mr. Parnell's i preliminary note of objection to the 1 making of a charge on Ireland of one- : fifteenth of the Imperial expenditure will i be followed by a vigorous opposition to ' the proposal. It has been anticipated all : along by opponents of Home Rule that the : adjustment of Imperial charges between < Great Britain and Ireland will be one of < the great difficulties in the way to a settle ment of the subject. Then, too, on the proposal that the Imperial Government ; should retain control of the Customs there < will be a determined fight. One of the ; features in the Pamellite regeneration of ; Ireland is to be the protection of Irish markets against British produce. Nor will Ireland be better satisfied with the retention of control of the police by the Imperial authorities. Such control would inevitably be taken as a link in the chain of bondage to England, against which Ireland, in the person of Home Rule re presentatives, has so long been crying out. But the truth is that once the Irish Parliament is established it will proceed to take measures to break down one and all of such provisions as are distasteful to its members; and it would seem to be necessary for the Legislature as at present constituted to well consider whether such further concessions as are necessary to meet the Irish demands can, under any circum stances, be made. It is proposed to "provide reasonable safeguards in the interests of the Protestant minority," but how can such safeguards be made adequate as well as reasonable? Like the other provisions this will be in peril of giving way when once the Irish Parliament fairly feels its feet. It is this consideration* that constitutes the real force of the oft-repeated warning ' that Home .Rule must eventuate in the ! separation of Ireland from the Empire. It. will be noted as a singular coincidence that nothing whatever is said upon the one aspect of the matter i which has recently been most frequently , referred to in our telegrams on the c question, viz., the purchase of the land from the present owners by means of an i enormous loan. Whether this silence is ' to be understood to signify that Sir. triad- ? stone's scheme does not embrace such an j arrangement or not it isdiflicult to say; but ! no doubt intelligence on this point will be very soon received. The progress of the discussion of the whole subject will be eagerly watched, as the issues that are nvolved are felt to touch, not only the future welfare, but the very existence : of the union. A meetotg of the clergy of different de- ! nominations of the Christian Church and other gentlemen was held in the Town Hall Excliange-room yesterday morning for the purpose of discussing a suggestion that had been made for setting apart a day of humiliation and prayer with reference tothepresent circumstances of the colony. The suggestion originated with an association of ministers in Ade laide, and by their direction invitations to attend Friday's meeting had been issued to representatives of all sec tions of the church. Two things very quickly became apparent when the proceedings commenced. The first was that there was among those present a unanimous conviction that the present circumstances of the colony were an occa sion for humiliation and prayer; and the second, that there was great diversity of opinion as to the relation of humiliation and prayer to those circumstances. It was suggested that prayer for rain was demanded by the condition of the country, and that the failure of the late harvest and the general depression in all depart ments of trade and commerce were a cause for humiliation before God; but on the other hand it was contended that the more true cause for humiliation was the ?wrong-doing and want of integrity in. public and private life, and that prayer for forgiveness and amendment was more suitable than prayer for rain or divine interference with the natural course of events in the fields and in the markets of the world. A good deal was said on these points, pretty much in keeping with the discussion of such ques tions that has been so common of late years, and with which everybody is familiar. It was not long, however, before it became apparent that though in some details of opinion and expression there might be considerable divergence among those present, substantially they all meant the same thing ; and hence when the whole question had been well talked round, and the most practicable methods of giving effect to the common conviction considered, the resolution re ported elsewhere was adopted unani mously. The letter in which Bishop Kennion gave his reasons for declining to take part in the proceedings was read to the meeting, not without expressions of dissent from those present; and, although a determination not to traverse the arguments of that letter as a whole was manifest amongst the various speakers, it was made abundantly clear that the attitude assumed by the bishop was greatly to be deprecated. And the perusal of the letter, as it appears in our report of the meeting, will, we imagine, amply explain the disapproval which it met. We have on former occasions felt it our duty to combat the position taken up by Dr. Kennion and others in relation to the Bible in .State schools question. But while not agreeing with their conclusions, and believing their arguments to be in some particulars fallacious, we have yet regarded their opinions with respect, and have endeavored to treat their reasoning with fairness. It is not easy, however, to regard without amazement the statement that this is a land in which "notwith standing our professed knowledge of Almighty God, there is not only no attempt made to honor Him by teaching His words and His counsel to the children of our nation, but efforts to promote this simple primary duty are continually frus trated by some of those who are novr desirous of our choosing a day for com mon humiliation and prayer before that God whom, as a nation, we do not seek to honor." No attempt to honor God by teaching His words and His counsel to the children of our nation ! What then is the meaning of the goodly buildings for Sunday-school and church which have been erected all over the colony at the willing expense of the people? What is the meaning of the zealous labor of clergymen and laity in the consecration of their time and talents to the efficient conduct of these institutions I Is there no attempt to honor God because the State refuses to release parents and the Church from the responsibility of then* own proper work, or to pay, out of the revenues that are derived from all, for teaching the doctrines that are repudiated by some who contribute to those revenues ? Apart from political con siderations, it seems to us that it is a tribute to the recognition of personal rights taught in the Bible that our national institutions respect the liberty of conscience and perfect religious freedom of every man. There are those agreeing with Dr. Kennion in the opinion that the Bible should be taught in State schools who certainly will not endorse the expressions above referred to; and the attitude of isolation from the members of churches other than his own which is assumed by the bishop will be regretted by many more. We hope that the estimate that he has formed of the amount and degree of "sec tarian jealousyand competition "existingin this hind is exaggerated, as we believe it is. But whatever the fact may be, it is evident that the bishop's refusal of co operation with other churches in religious movements will contribute little towards terminating the state of things that he deplores. Supposing all the evils to be as he believes them to be, does it not strike him that the persistent isolation of any one church from all die rest must weaken its power to influence them towards a better state of tilings ? "We ought to make it our first duty," he says, "to agree together in getting rid of our wretched religious divisions, and in cultivating a less sectarian spirit." This sentiment will be endorsed by the vast majority of the people of the colony, and they will hail as one step towards the consummation of the desired end a withdrawal of the bishop from his hesitation to act with Christian men as sincere and earnest as ' himself, simply on the ground that there ' are come matters upon which he does not see eye to eye with them. There were present at the meeting yesterday* for example, gentlemen whose vid?s on the question of the Bibie hi State schools differ; but they were cordially co-operating in the matter in hand. Why should it not be more generally so ? It was prudenjjwe think, on the part of the meeting yesterday not to enter upon the vexed question as to> what are proper objects to be prayed for, nor to dictate in any way the manner and character of the observance of the day recommended as the day of humiliation and prayer. It is enough that there should be a general agreement to recog nise and seek to mitigate the evils from, which the country is suffering without insisting that this shall be done after any prescribed and uniform plan. Considerable anxiety is felt in the country on account of tiie long expected break in the weather stall holding oflE. With Che exception of a few light showers there has been no rain in the agricultural districts for very many weeks, and farmers are afraid that their seed will not get its requisite nourishment until it has been too long in the ({round for proper de velopment. There is an immense quantity of land under wheat this year, and although in some caees sowing operations are still going on, yet the greater part of the seed is already in, and much of it has been sown for weeke. Experience has shown, however, that there need not yet be any very great anxiety as to the want of rain, for in previous years rain has not set in until later than the beginning of April, and indeed on one occasion there wa? no rain until May 12, and this was prior to a very good season. As a matter of fact the only inconvenience so far occasioned from the lengthened period of dry weather is the difficulty farmers have in providing water for general purposes owing to many of the waterholes and dams drying up. There is nothing new to report in connection with the rumored reconstruction of the Minis try. It is known that at least one member of the present team will shortly retire, and there are likely to be other changes before Parlia ment meets, but tbe_ fact stated is the extent of the information positively known. With reference to the proposed reduction "of 20 per cent, on the salaries of Civil servants/it may be mentioned that the Civil Service Asso ciation have taken the matter up, and have held several meetings with regard to it. The heads of departments at all events are opposed to the sweeping character of the reductions, and raggest that there should he a sliding scale. The association communicated with the Chief Secretary with the object of interviewing him as a deputation on the subject. In response to this the Hon. J. C. Bray has forwarded to the association particulars of what the Go vernment intend to do, and there the matter reste for the present. The directors of the Commercial Bank of South Australia still continue to attend at the bank, but only ordinary business is trans acted. The money owing to the bank is coming in freely considering the depression existing. The Government Gazette of this week contains the appointments of the Hon. T. Flayford, M.P., and Mr. G. F. B. Hancock as official liquidators of the bank. Mr. W. Ij. Ware, tbe other gentleman nominated at the last meeting of shareholders, had previously received the appointment under the Companies' Act of vm. -*~— We understand that at the meeting of share holders of the City of Adelaide liand and In vestment Company, to be held shortly as pro vided by the articles of association, the direc tors intend to recommend that the company be wound up. This resolution has been reluc tantly forced upon them in consequence of Che prolonged depression, coupled with thegeneral want of confidence, causing the gradual with drawal of the company's deposits and a depre dation in the value of their investments. The balance sheet for the half-year ending March 3. has been prepared, and its correctness certified by the auditors. The amount on deposit is now but EmalL and it is expected that there will be no difficulty about making arrangements for their settlement. The E.M.S. Khaiser-i-Hind passed Cape Borda at 4.15 a.m. on Friday, and was sighted off Glenelg at 11, having made a good run in fine weather from tbe Sound. She anchored a little northward of the Beatrice about noon, and the mails were promptly transhipped, reaching town a little before 1 o'clock. The steamship had fine weather to xr?Hy t bat heavy weather was experienced before she got to Port Said ; after that there was nothing to make tiie voyage unpleasant. She had on board from Pore Said for the Melbourne Zoo twelve flamingoes, but six died before arriving at Colombo. These birds are very helpless on board ship, and if they sit down they are un able to get on their feet again without assis tance. They are to be seen in immense quan tities near Port Said, but Che specimens on board were procured from Demietta, and had been three months in confinement previous to embarkation, in order to accustom them to their new life. Their food on board chip was only wheat. It was thought that Egremont was a passenger on boatd the Khaiser-i-Hind, and a good number of people assembled on the jetty to see him, but he is coming by Che Carthage. The steamship was announced to leave at 6.30 p.m. In their circular dated March 5 Messrs. W. We&tgaxth;&Co.;,ofLondon, write:—"Withthe exception of somewhat discouraging new? from South Australia, the character of our Austra lasian advices is on the whole satisfactory. The cycle of adverse seasons through which our colonies have lately passed has produced a tendency on the part of Governments to retrench, hail way and other public works, however, continue to progress, and keep pace with the ample resources at present at their command. It is believed that during the current year the issue of fresh Australasian Government loans will be restricted to such sums as may be absolutely necessary for imme diate requirements, and although this belief has not as yet received confirmation from official sources, it had the effect of further improving the colonies' credit at home. The harvest returns from South Australia are rather discouraging, the best authorities esti mating the average yield of wheat at less Chan three bushels per acre. The many trials through which this energetic colony has gone during recent years have been further aggra vated by the suspension—announced here by telegram on the 24th inst—of the Commercial Bank of South Australia, it being understood that outside that colony but few have bean affected by the catastrophe, which created some surprise here, Che bank having declared a dividend of eight per cent, during Che last five half-years. Sellable details as to Che position of its affairs are not as yet known on this side, but the fear at first expressed by some that the event may cause a 'run* upon other colonial banking institutions has proved unfounded, Australian banking reserves being at present exceptionally strong." The Supreme Court will Eit in Banco on Tuesday next. We understand that the Commercial Bank of Australia intends shortly to build Kmting premises upon the land they purchased in King William-street come time ago; and upon which Messrs. Townsend & Batting's old auction mart stands. The births and deaths registered in the general register office during the weekended Saturday, April 8, numbered:—Births—l4l males, 100 females. Deaths—s6 males, 40 females. Total—24l births, 9i? deaths. Excess of births, 145. The figures for the district of Adelaide were—Bixths—3s males, 25 females. Deaths—l 9 males, 1C females. Total—6o births, 35 deaths. Excess of births, 25. Mr. H. Morgan Hawkes, manager of Che South Australian Land Mortgage and Agency Company, informs us that the local board is in receipt of a telegram from the head office in London, advising that a dividend at the rate of 12A per cent, per ?"??"" for Che six months ending December 31,1885, has been declared. During tbe past financial year £25,000 has been added to the reserve fund, which now stands a £70,000. The monthly committee meeting of the Licensed Victuallers' Association was held on Friday, Mr. A. Klauer presiding. The president referred to the deputation that had waited on tbe Attorney-General, and stated that us yet he had received no official reply as promised by Mr. Downer. Two resignations were received from members who were leaving the trade, and three persons were proposed fur membership. It was resolved that the grant of £1 per week to a distressed member be con tinued till the next meeting. No report has yet been received from Mr. Cate, Inspector of Drawbacks, who is now engaged in endeavoring to arrange the basis of some agreement with Victoria in regard to trading over the border. A few days ago Mr. Cate telegraphed for permission to accompany the Victorian officer, who is at the bolder with him, on a visit to the various boundary townships. This wao, of course, granted by the Treasurer, and the two officials are now engaged in that work, the Victorian delegate being desirous of making himself thoroughly acquainted witathe bordex districts. A "Salvation Army wedding " and "matri monial banquet" took place at the Brompton Barracks on Friday evening, the bridal pair being Staff-Officer Balf Lawcenson and Captain Miss £mdy Jane Wilson, The ceremony ni performed by Major Lindsay according to the Salvation Army ritual. There were Detween 400 and 600 persons present at the marriage, and as each was charged sixpence for admission the proceeds were very considerable. Previous to the ceremony there was a procession through the streets of the town, and it was feared that the crowd of " followers," who (fathered near the barracks when the bridal procession passed in, would endeavor to rash the doors. The " active presence " of the police, however, pre vented anything of the kind occurring, and the proceedings were carried out in an orderly Banner. Numerous instances are on record of the large income that may be made by a profes sional beggar. Another case is reported by a Paris newspaper correspondent. A- woman of about 75, who has been in the habit of begging in the streets of the capital for 40 years past, appears, according to a statement in the DiOatt, to| possess a fortune estimated at 600,000 francs. She lived at the suburb of Ley-allow Perret, whence she cime to Paris every day to exercise her vocation. The piop?rty consists of 30 houses, railway shares in different companies, and obligations of the Ci(y of Pari.*. Th? discovery was made by oce oi her habitual benefactors, who is stated to have engaged not to pr >sfcute her on condition that s-h- will henceforth abandon her protection and give a 1,000 francs to the pjjr. The new e?enin? classes at the University commence wi.rk o*> Monday evening. The range of subjects U a wide one, embracing both Greek and Latin, besides French, German, and English. A junior and senior class in mathematics will enable those who like that abstruse subject to choose whether they will enter among beginners or those more advanced. Mineralogy and geology are espe cially interesting to those who wish to know something about the sciences which underly all rnininfr enterprise and searches for under ground water sources. These classes are entrusted to the ablest teachers that this colony can produce, and ought to attract a large number of students. The registrar his already enrolled 51 names, but many more are required if all the classes are to be formed. It is to be hoped that our ambitions young men will not let such a golden opportunity for self improvement pass disregarded and neglected. Mr. Edmund Yates writes in the London World of March 3:—"A younger brother of the Eucceesor to the title of the late Lord Mel ville has had a strange career. Many must remember Walter Dundas, reported but a few years ago one of the handsomest and winsomest men in London, and although over six feet high, one of the best gentlemen riders in the army. He began his soldiering in the 60th Rifles, came to financial grief, sold out, and enlisted in the 17th Lancers. So smart a cavalryman was he that in an incredibly short time Colonel Drury-Lowe recommended him for a commission, which he received in the sth Dragoon Guards, of which regiment he was for a time the adjutant. He exchanged into the 10th Hussars, where he found the p*ce too hard for him, and he succumbed to force of circumstances. For a while he was the sport ing writer on a paper in Christchurch, New Zealand; but bis habits became too irregular for this avocation, and when I last heard of him he was slowly dying of consumption." Early on Thursday morning information was received by Sergeant Clode, in charge of the police at Mount Barker, to the effect (says the local paper) that three separate fires had broken out at Bugle Ranges during the previous night. One occurred at Mr. Robert Sleep's, one at Mrs. Calaby's, and the third at Mrs. McC&U;'s. A fourth was prevented by Mrs. Owen, who saw the match struck and screamed for help. It was suggested that marks might be discovered which would lead to the arrestof the incendiary, And Sergeant Clode at once telegraphed to town for a black tracker to assist in the search. A reply was received to the effect that one would be sent immediately. Troopers Pascoe And Barber were at once sent to Bugle Ranges to enquire into the circumstances of the case, and to glean any information likely to lead to the apprehension of the person who started the fires. A few weeks ago bush-fires occurred on the properties of Mr. Sleep and Mr. T. Yates, in the same locality, and incendiarism was then suspected. On this occasion Mr. Sleep has lost a spring dray, while Mrs. McCall and Mrs. ?Calaby have each had a quantity of hay de stroyed. The dull times prevailing in the Northern Territory are thus referred to in the .AT. T. Time* of March 6:—" In every direction we hear complaints of the dull state of business in the Territory, and there seems very little faope of any improvement until after a tender is accepted for the railway works. Southern readers may complain of hard times in their well-populated cities, but they can have little conception of the utterly depressed state of -commercial, min'np, and agricultural enter prise in the Territory. When the fact is considered, that despite decreasing popula tion and bad government, the Territory has ?maintained its position as a consumer of merchandise and exporter of minerals, it is somewhat hard to underbt&nd; why the place has been retarded by no much shortsighted economy and badly advised procrastination. -Only a trifling amount of encouragement would have stimulated our flagging energies, and given new life to our almost smothered mineral industry, but that ?wn?-H amount of encouragement has been denied, and the settle -mentdragson its weary leneth, only dependent vpon its own resources and the industry and -enterprise of its settlers." For the following shark story the Northern Argu* of April 9 is responsible:—" On Tues ?day hut a Clare resident, in company with a fisherman named David Woolman, went fish ing in Port Broughton. The nets were duly put down in water between 3 and 4 feet ; deep, and being coon filled to overflowing with garfish, Woolman stepped into the water to haul them in. At this juncture a shark, about ?8 feet long, appeared on the scene to dispute the posseseion of its little brethren. The fisherman, however, looked askance at his enemy, and, 'putting on the dauntless spirit of resolution,' stood his ground. When the shark made a charge Woolman baffled its designs by splashing the water in its face. At this insult it then swam angrily away, and came up again with a rush, only to be baulked by its doughty opponent in the manner indi cated above. By this time Woolman's boat companion begged of him to get into the craft, as things were getting more critical than plea sant, but tile seaman was obdurate and in tended seeing it out to the end. At the next dart the shark made Woolman touched its tail, when it gave a bound out of the water. By this time the shark gave the man best, and re tired from tiie contest ignobly defeated. The fiah were hauled into the boat, and nothitg further marred the proceedings although two or three other sharks were seen in the neigh borhood." Professor Bell, inventor of the telephone, has made a discovery so wonderful (says the Watern Daily Wan) that it almost eclipses the marvel of his previous achievements. He has been making experiments upon the con ductivity of water, and has come upon a fact which may have enormous influence upon navigation. He finds that if a ship trails behind it a wire attached to a dynamo on board electrical action sufficient to influence a telephone is set up in a circle round the ship, of which the wire iB the radius. Thus, if the wire be a mile long, the ship sails in an elec trical circle with a diameter of two miles and a circumference of three miles. If another chip having also a wire trailing comes within the electrical circle,, if, that is ' to say, the two circles touch one another, the j captain of the one ship can talk to the other by telephone. One need not enlarge upon the uses of this remarkable discovery. Ships in a fog would become conscious of one another No iron ship could come within the electrical circle without notifying its presence to the vessel with the trailing wire. When the invention has been developed vessels passing one another will be able to tell each other the news. This beats everything except the telephone itself, and seems to promise that presently space will practically be annihilated. There seems to be no reason why in the time to come we should not talk to America, using the waves to carry our speech. The Wellington correspondent of the Mount Barker Courier writes.on April?:—"Owing to severe raids that have been made on kangaroos the hunting of them is now an un profitable occupation, and although there are many men about here who have been em ployed in building embankments to keep the waters of the Murray from spreading over the reed flats they think it of no use asking for em ployment on the Government swamp reclama tion works. These works, if properly carried out will be a great success, but aa it v now 16 Tears since there was a high flood in the Murray, it is likely that in the course of the next two or three years the flood level of 1870 will be again reached if not exceeded. This last flood rose higher than the level of the bar window-sill of the Bogan Hotel at MtiMimi. Mr. Conservator Jones could easily ascertain the height of that window-sin above the present water-level, and the embankment to be safe would have to be carried at least two feet above that. When the works are finished the Government will no doubt take care that the reclaimed land does not fall into the hands of a few big monopolists. If portions of these embankment*, say in pieces of from 10 to 20 chains in longth^ were adver tised to be let by tender—inserting a provision providing that no contractor could have more than one piece—men in the vicinity would no doubt be glad of an opportunity of tendering and bo getting employment in these bad times.' Shortly after the death of the late Sergeant- Major Bnrt, one of the drill instructors of the Adelaide Bifles, a meeting of non-com xDinioned officers was held for the purpose of raiting funds to erect a memorial to the deceased. A committee was appointed to collect subscriptions, and in this work they were weDbacked up by noncommissioned officers and private*, with all of whom the deceased was deservedly held in high estimation. The result of the joint efforts is that a handsome memorial hasbeenerectedattheheadofthegrave in the West-terrace Cemetery. The work was placed in the hands of Messrs. Hanson, F.van.->, and Co., of the Adelaide Monumental VVoiks. who have carried out their task in an artistic manner. The foundation is of brick work, rising a foot above the ground. On the top of this is a slab of slate 9x4 feet 6 inch wide and 4 inch thick, with rounded edges. Onthi??uperstructureismoantedawhite | marble headstone, fixed in a marble socket, i and mounted on a Teatree Gully freestone base, being enclosed with a neat wrought-iron railing. The design of the headstone is of the modern Grecian order finely enriched by carving in a heavy moulded panel. The head- I stone, which is 7 feet high, bears the following ; inscription engraved with imperishable lead letters:—" In memory of James Butt, died Ist Sept., ISSS, aged 49 years, late color-sergeant 3rd Grenadier Guards, and for 7 years sergeant major and military'instructor Adelaide Rifles, South Australian forces. Faithful in duty, loyal in friendship, he lived and died a soldier. | This tribute is erected by his old comrades." The report of the Engineer in-Chief on the Patawalonga improvement works, which was laid before the Glenelg Council on Friday evening, will be found at length in another column. It will be seen that the Engineer-in- Chief has practically supported the contractor and the engineer for the works in stating that the seaweed and silt as placed behind the piling, though not exactly in accordance with the wording, still complies with the spirit of j the specifications. He considered, however, I that some trial should take place before the I final lajer of limestone was laid. Writing upon the projected departure of the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh from England, the London Truth of March 4 says — "The Maharajah complains that he cannot live in this country *as becomes his rank 1 on his allowance of £25,000 a year, a sum which most people will consider to be munificent for such a personage; more especially as List year, when he was seriously embarrassed by a long course of reckless expenditure, the Indian Government paid his debts to the amount of £40,000. The Maharajah has put forth some most extravagant and unjustifiable ' claims' on this country. He seems to think that he ought not to suffer the inevitable con requencesof the annexation of the Funjaub, and he demands vast estates in that country which never were the private property either of Kunjeet Singh or anybody else, and he also ?^??*tib a number of jewels, including tne Kob-i-nor. These preposterous demands have been very properly rejected by the Go vernment, and only a few weeks ago Lord Salisbury sent the Maharajah an admirable letter entirely refusing to discuss each chimerical nonsense, in answer to a long memorial which had been dispatched to him. It has been plainly intimated to the misguided prince that he will have to regard himself as being under the orders of the Government of India from the hour of his landing at Bombay, and on no consideration will he be allowed to proceed to the Punjanb. He will do well to abandon his Eastern journey, as he cannot possibly derive any advantage from it, and if he tries to give any trouble in India he will be eharply dealt with, and will probably be de prived of his allowance and treated as a pri soner of war." Touching on the eccentricities of some of the new members of the House of Commons, a recent number of the Scotsman remarks, re garding one of the first sittings of the new Parliament, that "the early part of it was made spasmodically lively for a few moments at a time by the eccentricities of some of the new members, who, with the best intentions in the world, are continually disregarding the rules of the House, and necessarily coming to grief. One of them, for instance, was called upon by the Speaker to give a notice of motion. The hon. gentleman got up and gave his notice, and then, flushed with pleasure at the ease with which it could be done, was calmly going on to give another. Possibly he bad a batch of them, and having been 'given his head,' was going to make the running with the lot. But the Speaker at once called him to order, and reminded him courteously but firmly that only one notice could be given by any hon. member whose name was called. Another new member who had a notice to give had not been fortunate enough to find a seat in the body of the House. To the unsophisticated mind that was a trivial detail which did not matter in the least, so the hon. gentleman, instead of. getting some other member to lend him a seat temporarily, stood np in the far distance beyond the bar, some where near the door, and hailed the Speaker as though he were a passing ship. The shocked House was at once filled with murmurings, and cries of 'order, order," convinced the hon. member that there was something wrong. He paused, uncertain, and a friendly voice whispered to him to go inside the bar, so the hon. gentleman stepped inside the bar, but when he got there he was again unfortunate. Instead of moving to a spot near a bench he etood well out on the floor, almost in the middle—another dreadful breach of order— and once more the House was as much scandalised as was possible for a body to be when shaking with laughter. The innocent cause of the general amusement looked so help less, and was so utterly unconscious of any wrong-doing, that the scene grew irresistibly funny, ?nd when at last he was reduced to discipline, and managed to murmur that his notice bad some reference to * brewing licenses,' the House, easily tickled, good-numoredly laughed again." A snowstorm of unusual severity prevailed in nearly all parts of Great Britain on March 1\. In North Wales the storm was particularly severe, the railways being blocked by deep drifts. All trains were much delayed, and in some parts traffic was entirely suspended, whilst two passenger trains were reported to be snowed np. A Chester correspondent of the European} Mail I writes as follows: —Th severest enowstorm experienced for many years broke over Cheshire and North Wales at an early hour on March 1, and at 6 o'clock the same evening continued with unabated fury. Details of the gale and the effects of the drifting snow are coming to hand from all parts of the railway system converging on Chester. Over 100 men were engaged in clearing the snowdrifts between Chester and Penmaenmawr on the Chester and Holyhead railway. The up Irish mail was delayed an hour and a half by the snow block, and the down Irish mail, which left Holyhead at 1.20, was delayed over two hours, arriving at Chester close upon 4 o'clock, instead of 1.30. An American gentleman travelling from New York to London, having landed at (^ueenstown, stated that the passengers who left Dublin at 6.45 had a terrible passage. Although the mail boats of the North Western railway usually occupy only four hours in crossing the Channel, the boat on this occasion was six hours on the voyage. The sea, torn by a heavy easterly gale, dashed clean over the vessel, while the enow came down in blinding storms, and the cold was intense. As they were entering Holy - beat? Harbor they saw the Missouri, of the Warren line of steamers between Liverpool and Boston, on the rocks, with every appearance of settling down. The Holyhead lifeboat had been towed out to the steamer, and had brought off all the crew and passengers. The Irish mail train left Holyhead drawn by two powerful engines. The drivers ran carefully through Anglesea, and cleared the Menai Bridge, but were stopped by signal at Bangor, where the passengers were informed that the line ws? blocked further along. After some delay they again proceeded as far as Aber, where another delay occurred. Hun dreds of tons of snow had been swept off the mountains on to the railway, and an immense staff of men were engaged in clearing it off the track. A local correspondent wires a curious incident from Llanberris, at the foot of Snow don. The line running to it from Bangor was net quite blocked, but the traffic during the day greatly delayed. The snow came down in such masses that the station itself was mowed up, with its approaches. In the Isle of Man traffic was stopped, and the law court at Bamsay could not be opened because the judge was in a snowedup train. There was a gocrt attendance at the Rotunda on Friday evening, when the Military Band went through a very choice programme with great success. As the weather was all that could be decired an enjoyable evening was spent by those who visited the banks of the Torrene. Amongst the pieces the following were especially well rendered:—March " Fatinitza;" a selection (by special request), " Lee Cloches de CoraeviUe;" and a -raise by special request from *' Marechal NieL" Garner's Room was crowded in every part on Friday evening, when Oscar Smith's iniiim Party carried out a capital programme to the vatisfaction of all present. An attractive feature of the entertainment was the sand-jig contest, for which there were ten competitors, the prize being a silver watch. The dancing resulted in a tie between Messrs. J. Baker and B, Gaul, and in the "dance off" the latter Eecuied the trophy. To-night there will be a complete change of programme, and there will also be the additional feature of four corner men in place of two as heretofore. Tea and public meetings were held on Thursday evening at the Parkside Baptist Church to welcome home the Bey. S. Fairey, pastor, after his three months holiday at Part Victor. There was a very large attendance at each gathering, and the public meeting was presided over by Mr. Jas. Whiting, there b?ing also on the platform a number of ministers and lay brethren. The chairman veiy heartily welcomed Mr. and Mrs. Fairey back again on behalf of the church, and other gentlemen having Bpoken the Bey. S. Fairey returned his sincere thanks for the kindly re ception accorded him. He stated that he now I felt stronger and better than he had done for the last three years, and that he was ready to carry on the work of the church with renewed vigor. With God's blessing and the earnest assistance of the members he had no fear bat th*t every organisation in connection with the church would prosper. The meetings were of I a very enjoyable character, and snccestful in i every respect. | On Friday evening the Rev. Samuel Knight ' delivered his popular lecture on "Gladstone" in the Parkside Wealeyan Church. There was a large attendance, and the Bey. James Bick ford presided. The address was most interest ing, and being delivered in Mr. Knight's well known easy style, was much enjoyed. The lecturer was frequently applauded, and at the conclusion was awarded a hearty vote of thanks. The Rev. O. Lake, Presided of the Bible Christian Conference, delivered a lecture at Findon en Friday evening, under the aus pices of the local mutual improvement society. The subject was "Flatterers and Faultfinders," and both these characters got some severe handling. The Mieses Foord, 1". Foord, Attril, and N. Attril sang solos, and some con certed pieces were given by the choir. The chair was taken by Sir. Slade, and there was a good attendance. The arnual nifetinp of the University Lawn Tennis Club was held in the club-room on Friday, Mr. K. 15. Andrew's presiding. The secretary read a report for tlie past year, showing that the club is in a propperons condition numerically, and the tnaturer reported a credit balance. The Vcivertity registrar wrote that the council had decided to grant the club a piece of land for a new court, but declined to recoup the students for their outlay on the original court encroached on by the biological theatre. The letter was received with applause. Mr. Robin was thanked for bis past services as secretary, and elected a life-member of the club. The follow ing gentlemen were elected officers for tne ensuing year:—Captain, Mr. C. Magarey; hon. secretary, Mr. R. B. Andrews; hon, treasurer. Mr. C. S. Mead; and committee, Messrs. W. Bonnin, M. Morgan, A. Joyce, F. Goldsmith, K. Duence, and D. Hollidge. The following orders were issued to the V.M.F. from the Staff Office on Friday :—The following promotions are sanctioned:—Quarter- j master Sergeant T. Andtreon to be Battery Sergeant-Major vice Battery Sergeant-Major Shinnick struck off. Sergeant Millar to be Quartermaster-Sergeant vice Anderson pro moted. Orderly officers for the anming week —Ist Battalion A.R., L Company, Captain Fowler; 2nd Battalion A.R., M Company, Lieutenant Krichauff, 2nd Battalion A.K., M Company, Private \V. Madden is dismissed from this date in conse- j quence of his behaving in an insubordinate manner to his superior officer while in the cxc- j cation of his duty. For the parade on the 17th ! instant cloth trousers will be worn. Other- j wise the otderof 4/11/S5, G.O. No. 2, as to white ! trousers being worn will still hold good. Reserve—Company drill Saturday, April 17, at 3 p.m., assemble in rear of driUshsd. Cloth trousers, helmets. No leave unless on medical certificate. The employes of the South Australian Gas Company entertained their late manager (Mr. G. Anderson) at the Plough and Harrow Hotel, Rundle-street, on Thursday evening, about 60 employes being present. Mr. James Evans, secretary to the company, occu pied the chair, and Mr. Ray (engineer) the vice-chair. Ample justice having been done to the good things provided, and loyal toasts drunk, the chairman in flattering terms proposed the health of the guest, wishing Mr. Anderson a pleasant trip home and success in his future career. Mr. Paxton then on behalf of the subscribers pre sented Mr. Anderson with an address and piece of plate. The latter was a handsome silver epergne, manufactured by Mr. Brunk horst, bearing the following inscription:— "Presented to George Anderson, Kjq., C.E., by the employes of the South Australian Gas Company upon his retiring from the company after 24 years' service as manager.—March 31, 1886." Mr. Anderson, who was enthusiasti cally received, feelingly responded, and re ferred to the good feeling that had always existed between himself and those under him. Other toasts followed, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. As a great deal of fraud has been practised of late in the working of several building societies, the directors of the Port Adelaide Permanent Building and Investment Society thought it desirable to have a special audit made of their books, and Mr. J. Neil! was appointed to do the work. The audit has now been completed, and the balance-sheet drawn up Bhow?:—Liabilities—Subscriptions, £9,374 3s. 6d.; profits allowed, £2,0319 a. 4d.; National Bank, £939 6s. 2d.; deposits and sundry creditors, £82 Ss. lOd.; total, £12,427 4s. lOd. Assets—By purchased shares 7 years, IS2J shares at £100 each, £15.250; 6? special shares, £728; purchased shares, 5 jears, 37 at £100 each, £3,700; the half special shares. £140 165.; less repay ments on seven years' shares, £6,423 Is. 2d.; on five years 1 shares, £1,994 18s. 6d.; total, £11,400165. 4d.; insurance advances, £41 Is. 4d.; cash in hand, £2 14s. 6d.; profit and loss balance, £952 12s. Sd. The auditor adds that the purchased shares stand at £100 each in the books (sold at a premium of £25), bat the securities provided for payment of £109 4s. on the seven years' shares, and £104 on the five years'chares including interest. -Careful investigation had not disclosed any appearance of fraud in working the society. A valedictory social was tendered by the members of the Hindmarsh Young Men's Literary Society to the Rev. H. D. Smith, in the Robert-street Lecture Hall, TTinilnnar Friday evening. There was a good attendance, representatives of all the local literary societies being present. Various games were indulged in and refreshments were handed round, while at intervals vocal and instrumental musical selections were given. The president (Councillor Willis) on behalf of the society presented to Mr. Smith the photographs of the members and associates, and in doing so alluded to his long connection with the society and his usefulness in stimulating the members to acts of industry and to the cultivation of the mind. Mr. Smith had been one of the most useful members of the institution, and it was as a mark of their high apprecia tion that the presentation was made. Messrs. J. W. Carr and J. Weeks endorsed what had been said. The Rev. H. M. PoUit said he was present as a representative of a kindred society for the purpose of acknow ledging Mr. Smith's many good qualities as a citizen. The Mayor of Hindmarsh (Dr. Rees) paid a high compliment to the guest, and said his place in the town would be hard to filL Mr. Smith, whose connection with the society had extended over ten and a half years, ex pressed his sense of the honor accorded him in a few appropriate words, and mentioned that as he had been made an honorary member he would contribute to the periodicals. A large audience assembled to hear Mrs. Leavittlecture on "The success of prohibi tion in England and America" in the V.M.C.A. Hall on Friday evening. Mr. I>. Nock presided, and there were also present on the platform several other leading temperance advocates, both ministers and laymen. Mrs. Leavitt in her opening remarks contradicted j the statement that the British was the most drunken nation in the world. In support of this ehe said that the annual consumption of intoxicating honors per head in Denmark was 2h gallons, in several other countries 2 gallons, in France and Belgium 1£ gallons, and in Great Britain only two-thirds of a gallon. She said that in Maine, where prohibition was in full force, the proportion of the convic tions for crime to the population was one to every 3,300 persons, while in California, a licens ing state, the proportion was one to every 600. In the former state no strong drink was allowed to be sold except by an officer appointed by the Government, whose duty it was to enter in a book the purposes for which the liquor was obtained. Unfor tunately, however, at present, drink could be imported into the state provided that the packages containing it were not broken, and this led to some amount of sly grog-selling, j Canada bad followed the example of the United States, and it was a remarkable fact as showing the growth of the temperance move ment in the former country that since the establishment of local option there by Scott's Act, out of the 83 elections which had taken place 74 had been j won by temperance advocates. As to the j question of compensation to publicans for the non-renewal of their licenses, it had been well pointed out when the question was under dis cussion in Kngiand many years ago that the licenses were only held from year to year, and therefore compensation was not due. It had also been urged by the opponents of local option that landlords often improved their hotel?, and if their licenses were not renewed much hardship was suffered by them, but, as was also said at the same time, these improve ments were carried out in the spirit of gambling, and therefore compensation was not due in respect of them. Mrs. Leavitt stated that 91 persons had signed the pledge since the com meocement of her mission in South Australia In the afternoon Mrs. Leavitt addressed an audience composed wholly of women in th? V.M.C. A. Hall on the subject of " Heredity." Mrs. Leavitt will continue her mission in the Y.U.C.A. Hall this evening. The Korwood Cycling Club's races will take place on the Adelaide Ova] this afternoon. Ibe Athletic Ball. Pine- street, will be the scene of a boiing tournament this evening. Fox-terrier coursing matches will take place at the Maid and Magpie this afternoon. To- morrow night Mr. Henry Oliver will lecture in the Freethonght Ball on "South Australia: What Shall our Policy be?' The Bey. A. Turnbull will deliver an address in the Botanic Park tomorrow aiteruoon on "Moral blots on lair Adelaide." The elobinp races in connection with tne Holdfast Ray Yacht Club for Mr. Ilunton's Cup will take place this afternoon at Glenelg. ' The Lantern this week has another capitally drawn cartoon upon the Commercial Bank disaster. It is probably the best that has appeared upon the subject. 