CRUMBS. Twinb—2 mutch. Heavy rainB in Victoria. Fine rains in the interior. Enough—J ust a Ieetle more, Bonrke has had a drenching. Corner-men again increasing. Law—The shakels ov liberty. Mount Bogong is 6,508 feet nigh. Mexican crashing, 66 tonB, 160 oz, Stinginess—The bran of economy. Victoria has had a turn of bushfires. King of Samoa expelled by Germans. More German fillibustering in Pacific. Forestry Brown Is doing a good work. Sydneye Patriotic Fund nearly £35,000. Border atook tax lealized £2,560 already. Two boys lost in hush turned up all right. Petersburg still on the qui vive for specs of gold. King Country, N.Z., to be prospeoted for gold. Eureka crushed 330 tons for 168 ounce3 of gold. Latter Day Saints to be sat upon by Uncle Sam. Port Hamilton to be abandoned by Eng land. Nairne District Council in troubled waters again. That lumpers'strike is likely to be a big affair. A man of gall is almost invariably a good liver. Servia and Bulgaria now peaceably dis posed. Government cereal statistics not worth the paper. Traces of glaciers discovered at Mount Bogong. Melbourne millers' labourers have gained the day. Customs receipts for December reached £48,447. Colonial ports to be defended by Mother Britain. Colton farmers well-nigh ruined by the rabbits. Is that Murray trip to be paid for by the C.C.L. ? Floods in Victoria will damage the harvest. Another reported finding of Leichardt's remains. December's staple exports were valued at £478,467. Mount Bogong explored; topknot photo graphed. Burmah's Theebaw,' turns out to be only a mongrel. How mnch has been saved over those mail tenders? 19,251 acres land dedicated for education purposes. 783,071 ounces of gold raised in Victoria last year. To be hoped farmers will proceed with tree planting. "Ex-convicts" in Civil Service not re trenched. _ The Daily News was the first penny morn ins paper. That big boa-constrictor is still a total abstainer. Letters for SimiaSatyrus can be addressed to the Zoo. A beginning has been made with the Exhibition. Even New Zealand has been troubled with Intense heat. A fixed idea ends.iu madness or heroism.— [Victor Hugo. German bush tramp found dead—over £300 in possession. Some of those Belair recruits cleared out good riddance. Dacoits of Burmah making things lively for Europeans. Tenders for portion of Exhibition to be in fty January 18. Mr. Brown has a million trees available I or private use. The boa constrictor takes off all his clothea in hot weather. Mormonism to be repressed; other States jealous of Utah. The consumption of water on Monday was 10 million gallons. Almeria grape-vine cuttings sent to Ade laide from Malaga. 19,603 oz. goid exported from Northern Territory last year. Walter Giffien goes to Sydney to play against the Eleven, Commercials cautioned against story-telling by Melrose boniface. Bank robbery at Collingwood; woman ac cidentally shot dead. Land and income taxes produce £145,511; £130,590 already paid. The late intense beat has killed hundreds of sheep in the North. Primate Barry offto New Zealand; Sydney heat driving him away ? Forest Brown is making the Government Farm Reserve profitable. No river navigation this rise; squatters and traders in the dumps, Last year's exports of cereals 30,000 tonB in excess of official estimates. Advice is like kaBter oil—easy enuff to giv, but dredful uneasy to take. That wharf labourers' strike in Melbourne is going to be a tough affair. There are 452 women editors in England, and 1,309 women photographers. A critic says the Ghost scene with Hamlet was only a spiritualistic seance. Great labour problems in store both for Victoria and New South Wales. I don't care how much people talk if they will only Bay it in a pheu words. Why not send that boa constrictor to the rabbit district and let him loose? Persevering Port Pirie farmer got artesian I well of splendid water at GO feet Portonians to be left to frizzle if they won't appoint a local Fire Board. Miser—A wretch who haz dug out hiz heart tew sto away hiz munny in. Mount Gambler s R.V.F._ lieutenant likely to get sat upon by little Brigadier. Over one million and a half to the credit of depositors in the Savings Bank. Very much married—Martin Tupper has just celebrated his golden wedding. Gable Companies likely to subsidize Germany for her postal concessions, A puppy plas with every pup he meets, but old doggs have but fu associates. Commissioner Russell is going to face the tax appellants in their own distnctB. The blackest deed of the age—Bismarck's exnulsion of the Poles from Germany. Dr. Leudenfelld made the ascent of Mount Bosong, highest mountain in Australia. Totai exports last year from Port Darwin reached £92,321, and the revenue £22,648. Realized wealth of New South Wales, £190,000,000; ditto Victoria, £178,000,000. Free passage and free board and lodging for 9G Adelaide deserters—all honourable men! In 1839 there were 440 acres under cultiva tion here—now there are over two million acres. „ , . Prove your mine first—go in for large plants afterwards. That/a the correct policy. I think a man should hav a leetle vinegar is hiz disposition—just enuff to keep the flics off. The Falkland Islands are going to supply England with 60,000 carcasses of sheep annually. .... Living on hope iz lik living on wind—a good way tew git phull, but a bad way tew git phatt. British imports and exports for 1885 show large decrease in value, but what about quantity ? Anxiety—Milking a kicking heifer with one hand and holding her by the tail with the other. Fish, fruit, or old fossils can now be pre served for an indefinite term by the cool dry air process. Lucy, the new Editor of the Daily News, dictates every word of his articles to a short hand clerk. Beekeepers troubling themselves about fresh supplies of drones; got plenty here just now surely. Another " Leichardt relics" man. Wonder how many sets of remains the intrepid old Doctor left ? A woman, 86 years old, blind, lost in the bush for five days—that's a tale which comes from|Avoca. The fiftieth year of the Grand Old Woman's reign begins 20th next June, God save the Queen ! Graham Berry takes Agent-Generalship for three years, then returns to Victoria to re enter public life. Shipowners are determined to continue importing labour until they have sufficient for their purpose. Robinson & Haig have got a railway con tract in Queensland — won't trouble now about Fine Greek. Age vindicates South Australia withdraw ing from New Guinea agreement; must, therefore, be right. A crusty old bachelor says all the old maids (are off to Silverton. Well, perhaps husbands will follow. Distinguished arrivals—no lesB than twelve Italian queen bees from Naples, with nume- ' roue suiteB, all on the buzz. New South Wales Government will intro duce fresh taxation, but won't interfere with theprinciples of free trade. Has " The Objector" appointed Borne one to act as Deputy Dictator Chief for South Australia during hiB absence ? Murray Smith trying to divert 200 Hun garian families from New Guinea to Aus tralia. Patriotic boy, Murray. A rash critic observes that the cause of Hamlet's eccentricity was a habit oi taking " wee drappies" too frequently. Sir John Bobertson says if public works are stopped in blew South Wales, 80,000 persons will be cast on the country. The lateBt Parisian insanity of fashion is a hat for ladies with an enormously high crown and the trimming climbing up the back. A correspondent asks—"Do poets ever commit suicide ?" If they do it doesn't kill them—judging from the overstocked market. Mount Gambier's riflemen object to our little Brigadier " beginning at the wrong end of the company" when examining their arms. Good calculator is Ednie Brown; he reckons 35,000 of his redgums will be worth £1 apiece 20 years hence. May we be here to see 1 According to Dr. Gridley spirits can return from their present abodes, put their heads into rum barrels, and drink to their hearts' content. Quotation for to-day.—No matter how much faculty of idle seeing a man has, the step fiom knowing to doing is rarely taken.— Emerson. The first Editor of the Daily News (exactly forty years ago) was Charles Dickens, who poured out money in lavish and unnecessary expenditure. It is a curious spiritualistic fact that the G.O.ML's tongue never waggles so fast as when he is north of the Tweed, in the land o' guid whusky. Hon. Alexander Hay offered the Norwood Presbyterians block of land, value £1,500, conditional on the raising £2,000 during the present year. Wool exports for three months ending December were 135,319 bales, againBt 96,930 baleB in the corresponding period of previous year. The Melbourne Age estimates that the sales of land and bouse property in Victoria during the last twelve months amounted to at least £12,000.000. Good news for vinegrowers—Foliis lutes centibus Acinis confertissimis mediocribus subcyliudricis subaureis duris subacidis— cuttings have arriyed. A recent earthauake in France affected only the chalk formation of the earth's sur face, and was neither heard nor felt by men at work in the coal mines beneath. Eev. J. A. Dowie has stumbled across that generous-hearted fellow who was going to leave him £21,000, but the boot is on the other leg—the parson got swindled of £100. Honest and honourable men are turned adrift from Civil Service while ex- convicts are retained by political influence, says an " Indignant Wife." The British Admiralty have authorised ex periments to be conducted at Portsmouth, England, with the object of determining the value of coal-oil fuel for the use of ships of war. In the exhaustless catalogue of Heaven's mercies to mankind, the power we have of finding some germs of comfort in the hardest trials must^ever occupy the foremost place.—Dickens. A curious incident in the Bulgarian Revo lution is the formation of a Bulgarian legion of women and girls, who have asked to be armed, and have volunteered to fight if the country be attacked. While farm labourers in England forty years ago got 7s. a week, they now earn 14s. In 1845 shoemakers, masons, carpenters, and joiners made 14s. a week; now their wages vary between 20s. and 25s. A farmer says tbat a cow can be enred of kicking by catching hold of her leg while in the act. Just so, and a bee can be cured of stinging by catching hold of her sting while in the act. Try 'em both—it's fun. Flowers may be kept very fresh over night if they are excluded from the air. To do this, wet them thoroughly, put iu a damp box, and cover with wet raw cotton or wet newspaper, then place in a cool spot. Cocaine, the new anaesthetic, which as a cure for hay fever and similar troubles pro mises to become a favourite antidote, carries with it evils as great as opium or alcohol when the habit of its use become fixed. A Sydney paper (Haynes's Weekly) says :— "We are glad to see that South Australia declines to fork out for the Government of New Guinea after next June, The colony has all it can do to mind its own affairs." A School Board Examiner lately asked the following questions of a little girl :—'11 What is the plural of man?" "Men." "Very well; and what is the plural of child?" " TwinB," immediately replied the little girl. Speaking at a public dinner the other evening, the Hon, W. J. M. Larnach attri buted .the present depression in New Zealand to the Glasgow Bank failure, the effects of which weie very severely felt in the colony. An Irishman, angling in the rain, was observed to keep his liiie under the arch of the bridge. On being aBked the reason, he gave the following answer—" To be sure the fiilies will be after crowding there to keep out of the wet." Man hanged himself at Palmer. Jury's peculiar verdictDeceased came to his death through committing suicide by hanging himself, but there is no evidence to show the state of his mind at the time, and that no blame is attached to any one." The young women of St. Petersburg are learning trades, in order to make their own living, They learn bookbinding, type setting, shoemaking, bookkeeping, toymaking, wood carving, and painting. The industrial schools devoted to women are overciowded. The condition of the landowners in East Lothian, Scotland, is most unenviable, and the prevailing depression is making itself felt all over Scotland. One nobleman with a rent roll of £70,000 per annum has received just £4,000 net. An electrician asserts that in bodies in which life is not extinot the temperature riBes upon the application of an electric cur rent, but never in case of actual death. This fuct supplies a test for use in cases where life is suspected to remain in persons apparently dead. " Lay the cat on lightly, please/' said the Delaware wife-beater to the Sheriff who was abont to apply the hush to his back; "lay it on lightly and you will soothe my angry feelings. "Soothe your angry feelings, sir," said the Sheriff. " Yes; a soft tan, sir, turneth away wrath." It is said that two American illustrated journals out West happened recently to clash with each other in a peculiar way, one having printed a certain portrait ae that of M. Cle mcnceau, the French Radical leader, and the other having issued it on the same day as the likeness of a recently detected burglar. Lady Wallace, overtaking a gentleman of ber acquaintance who was walking along in a tbonghtfnl mood, slapped him on the back, and cried out, " Pray, sir, can yon tell me bow old I am?" "Madam," replied he, turning round, "I cannot be very exact, but you certainly have not arrived at years of discretion. Speak Ont.—Scene—A Dorsetshire village. Visit of school inspector (clerical). S. I.— " You say • your pastors and masters.' Now, what is a pastor?" (No answer.) S. I.— " Now, children, what am I?" Small boy— "A man, sir." S. I.—"Yes, yes: but what sort of a man?" "Little girl—" Please, sir, an ugly man," Mr. Gladstone, speaking at Edinburgh, Baid—If we went back to the domestic manu factures of the 18th century we would find that the people of Great Britain occupied a very high place; but after the great war which cut us off from the rest of the world even snch industries as furniture, porcelain, silver, &c.;, became degraded. " There," said an excited man, entering a grocery store, " what kind of a chicken was that you sent to my house? It oertainly wasn't the one I ordered." " Great Scott," exclaimed the grocer, "if that boy hasn't made another mistake. He went and gave you one of those gutta-percha ones that we keep especially for boarding-houses. Did the paint boil off?" There are ten thingB for which no one has ever yet been sorry—for doing good to all; for speaking evil of none; for hearing before fudging; for thinking before speaking; for holding an angry tongue: for being kind to the distressed; for asking pardon for all wrongs; for being patient towards every body ; for stopping the ears to tale-bearers; for disbelieving ill reports. The G.O.M. says when he was a boy nothing beautifnl was produced in Great Britain ; but now that we had opened up and framed communications, since trade and opportunity of intercourse were extended, we had again taken a very high position ana become a greater exporter of commodities which formerly the rest of the world had no chance of obtaining from us. The largest vine in the world is said to be one growing at Oys (Portugal), which has been in bearing since 1803. Its maximum yield was in 1864, in which year it produced a sufficient quantity of grapeB to make 165 gallons of wine; in 1874, 146i gallons; and in 1881 only 79J gallons. It covers an area of 5,315 square feet, and the stem at the base mensuies 6h feet in circumference. When I was young—that was forty years ago, Bromley—the doctors bled a fellow ior almost every ailment. It is good that the horrible practice has been ahandoned. The blood is the lite, you know, and " " The fashion is still in vogue, Mr. Darringer. I get bled regularly every summer." " You don't say so! Where? In the arm?" "No." •' In the foot ?" " No, at the seaside." First Bridesmaid — "You'll never tell?" Second Bridesmaid—"Of course not; I never do, you know." First Bridesmaid—" Well, she told me—in strict confidence, under stand—that, though Jack was poor, they were going to travel all summer and stop at the best hotels, and that they got the money by selling their wedding presents. Now, I wonder if my spoons are paying part of the expenses." This iB a baby. It is a girl baby. Bow sloppy its chin is! flow red its eves! What horrid contortions it makes with its face! See how savagely it kicks ! How like a demon it yells! Yet in a few short years Borne man will be half-crazed with wild sus pense, worshipping the very air this being breathes, devoutly kneeling at her feet, and : frantically begging for one word, one pressure of the hand, even a look, which will.give him hope. Such is life 1 The ancient market cross of Edinburgh haB been restored at the cost of Mr. Gladstone. The unveiling was performed by the hon, gentleman on November 23. In concluding bis speech the right hon. gentleman said he claimed no merit for what he had done, for he owed thanks for the tokens of kindness received from all parts of Scotland, and in the work he had done he had only rendered a loyal, filial, and delightful service to the city'of historical fame, and to the land to w)Ach alone his blood belonged. Deacon Jones (from out of town)—" I am deouted to learn, Mr. Goodman, if a 'call' from our church would likely be favourably entertained by you ?" Minister—" H'm. It would depend somewhat, I think, Mr. Jones, upon—er—circumstances." Deacon — " Ah, yeB, I see. We discussed the matter in rather an infoimal way, and the sense of the majority seemed to be that—er—about $900 " Minister—" H'm 1 Yes. I am afraid, Mr. JoneB. that the good people whom you repre sent will have to ' call' a little louder than that." Referring to the International Exhibition, which is to be held in the East Meadows at Edinburgh next year, Mr. Gladstone said he was extremely glad an Exhibition was to be held. All that our workmen needed in Great Britain was breadth of knowledge and familiarity with what could be done out of their own view, and especially in other lands. It was a remarkably interesting, although a pan fill retrospect, to observe what had taken place_ in the great revolutionary war, and to notice the effectB of being excom municated from the knowledge of art and in dustry of the world. Out of the Fryingpan into the Fire.— " Will you pay me this bill, sir ?" said a tailor to a gentle masher who owed him a pretty long bill. " Do you owe anybody any thing, sir?" asked the youth. "No, sir!" said the tailor. "Then you can afford to wait 1" and off he walked. A day or two afterwards the tailor, called again. The masher was not at, his wits' end yet; so, turning to his creditor, he says—" Are you in debt to anybody?" "Yes, sir," said the tailor. " Well, why don't you pay?" "I've not the money." " That's just my case, sir. I am glad to see you can appreciate my condition; give us your hand!" Minister (to deacon of the Church)—"I want to refer to a matter, my dear deacon, that has been preying on my mind for some time, I am sure you will overlook any appa rent meddling in your affairs, knowiogthat I only speak for your own good." Deacon , (cordially)—" Certainly, my dear sir, speak your mind freely." Minister—" I understand you have been speculating a good deal of late. Now, aside from the danger of such a business, and the consequent misery it may entail upon your family, do you consider it juBt the proper thing for a deacon of the " Deacon—" Yes, I admit that 1 have specu lated some. I cleared $5,000 only yesterday on a wheat transaction. Minister (astounded) —" No, is that so ? Wbat's wheat worth to day ?" The newly appointed parson of a very hilly.village, being a cricket enthusiast, was resolved to instil a love for the game into his Earishioners. Accordingly a meeting was eld, subscriptions and help were promised, and the sole difficulty that remained to be overcome was the discovery of a suitable field. The only level bit in the paris belonged to the butcher, who was a cantan kerous, bumptious fellow. He, however, consented to lend his field, and, although he was known to be no cricketer, he was asked to play in the opening match. His first ball clean bowled him, but, instead of walking away from the wicket, he remained, with the evident intention of continuing his inniDgs. The umpire, therefore, walked up to him and said, "You're out, Mr. Bull: you're out." The butcher turned round and said, "O, I'm hout, ham I? I'm hout! Well, hout you all go from my blooming field I" On hot Tuesday the boa constrictor took off hiB coat. The weather last Tuesday was dreadfully hot, ' Fwas felt by the boa, who dwells in a cot At the Gardens so oft called the Zoo. He looked at his keeper, felt parched in his throat. So without more ado be took off his coat. Like some "Commercials" from fair Wallaroo. Now the weather is cool, perhaps a nice rabbit May tempt hiB boashtp to play—shall I grab it? Or perhaps he'd prefer a plump guineapig; If not, why then give him a change of fresh air, Let him ream alooe for dainties rich and rare, And thus set everybody dancing a jig. B. S. S. 