The Kimberley Goldfield. TnE Premier has lmd n. telegram, by tho direction of the Governor of Wes tern Australia, from the acting Under- Secretary of that colony, intended to give authentic information respecting the Kimberley goldfiehl. It is ns fol lows :—A goldfield has been proclaimed in tho Kimberley district. Every reason to believe it will be extensive; about 2000oz of gold nlre.idy obtained. Mount Barrett is alioiit the centre of the field ; distance from Derby is about 350 miles ; this is at present the lietter route. There are indications of gold 150 miles from Derby. Drays can travel without much dillieulty for about 300 miles, Pack horses have to be used for the remainder of the journey, so far as can lie gathered. There is not a large number of miners at the diggings at present, but more thnn 1000 are stated to lie on their waj-. It is essential, to avoid hardship and risk, that parties proposing to go to the diggings should be well equipped with drays, horses, and tants, and should take provisions for several months. Nothing can at present be obtained except at Derby anil Wynrl ham. llccommcnd that parties going should bring their own supplies awl drays and horses. We are awaiting a report of pi licj party that left Derby for goldtields on 10th instant (May). A warden has been appointed ; he pro ceeds shortly with escort to the gold fields. Various works are being under taken at Derby to facilitate the pas sage of vessels to Derby and the land ing and starting of goo:ls. The pas sage from Point to Port Derby is being properly buoyed, a jetty added, and a tramway constructed from the jetty to the town of Derby, and a large lionded store erected. An engineer has been j sent to superintend these works, aud to expedite matters nn additional force of workmen is lx?ing despatched there. The town site of AVywlhaiu, at Cambridge Gulf, has lieen selected. A Government resident and police party are established at Wyndham, and a surveyor is also nt work in the district. At present, from what we can leant, it would be easier for nil parties'to go to Derby. Tub Government Statist publishes a return in tbe Gorcrnmait Gazette, show ing the population of the Australasian colonies at the end of 1885. Tho follow ing are the fiijurei:—Victoria, 991.81J9 ; New South Wales, 980,573 ; Queensland, 326.01G ; South Australia, 319,7(i9 ; Wes tern Australia, 35,18(J;Tasniania. 123,791; New Zealand, 582,420; tola], 3,370,524. Fob some time past the telegraph operators have been complaining that the salaries paid in Victoria aro lower than those paid in other colonies. The Post-. master-General has had a return prepared containing a comparison of tho falarips paid to operators in Victoria, New South | Wales, America and England. The re turn shows that operators in tho highest grade in Victoria receive a salary of £300, while thoso in tho lowest are paid at the rate of £90 per annum. In New South Wales the hijihest salary paid is stated to be £285, while the lowest is £85. . The average rate of wages in Victoria in set down at £105 per annum, and in New- South Wales at £138. The ri-port will receive consideration in the course of a few days. The work of rabbit extiipation on the Crown lands in the Colac district, ac cording to a report from Chief Inspector Black, has been woll attended to, a good clearance of the pest having been effected. The number of r.ibbits is now so small that one man in each parish if ill, it is ex pected, bo ablo to keep them under. The poisoned grain has proved fairly destruc tive, especially in Iho forest country south of Colac, and tho recent bushfires materially aided the work of destruction, and were likewise useful in clearing tho land of rabbit harbors. More strenuous efforts than usual hare been mado on the freehold lands during the past year. Un til this season, the rabbit factories weie always able to scctm a plentiful supply, but sinco poisoning has been resorted to the rabbits have been i-o nduced that the Colac factory has ceased operations, nnd the remaining factor}* may also close shortly, its output being only one-third that of last year. If all private owners would co- operate in the efforts to rid the country of the pest, Mr. Black- adds, rab bits would noon be reduced to such a com paratively small number as to bo easily kept iv check. Tire Railway Commissioners have n-, framed the rates for the carriage of wool as follows:—Rates per.bale.triot-;over 4cwt-),' 20 miles and under, 1* ; 26 miles and under, Is 3d"; 35 miles and under.'ls 8d ; 45 miles nnd under, 2s ; over 45 and up to CO miles, 4d ; over GO and up to 100 miles, 3d; over 100 and up to IGO miles, 2d ; over IGO miles. Id per bale for every lire miles or part of fire miles cumulative in each instance on preceding rate. These milengo rates do not apply to tho Williams town or Port Melbourne piers, upon which Od per balo in addition to tho abovo rates is to bo charged. An allowance of 15 per cent, will bo made for all wool properly dumped. Wool arriving at Al bury by teams will be charged 9d per bale added to tho Wodonga rate for convey ance from Albury to Melbourne, Williams town, or Port Melbourne. Special rates are tei be charged on wool from stations on the Ararat and Portland and Castorton lines, and upon tho clips of stations in Now South Wales. The salaries of tho state school malo teachers are to be increased 11s follow:— Fifth class, minimum from £80 lo £88 maximum from £10-1 to £13G; fourth class, minimum from £112 to £144, to £108 ; third class, minimum from £152 to £17G, maximum to remain at £208 per annum. Tho third class haa hitherto been subdivided, and tho salaries of teachers in the B division did not riso be yond £184 per annum. This sub-division is shortly to bo abolished, fo that all teachers in the tliiid-cinss will receive the annual increment of £8 until their salaries reach tho maximum of £208. Tho first female assistants are to be raised from fourth to third-class positions, increasing their salaries from £89 12s to £121 12s minimum, and from £115 4s to £166 per annum maximum. Tho claims of the other feiualo assistants aro not to be allowed. 