®THE PROSPECTING "VOTE AND DIAMOND DRILLS. nrp—rs to be now agreed upon all glands that no amonot less than 2B1CO,000. irrespective of the loan and Working <,£ diamond drills or other ma- chines, should be -granted annually by She Got rnment for prospecting pnr- A kss sum, It is contended, is 0BeIc?S, and is therefore wasted. At a COnfernicc of delegates from the Amal- gamatd Miners' and other kiudred as- Boci.at o-'.s. held in Ballarat last week, SJiis vi.-v of the case was generally ac- Cep'ed, n I was the basis on which the G?holts "l.lter was discussed. It was Btstod. amongst other things, that the ©ov-rn nent claimed to have spent 'SIOS.O 'O i-< prospecting during the last Shreo v r., ; but it appears that this Was for thn most part expended on dia- Snond drips, and that the most the Go vernment had provided for or linury pros pecting io any one year was £25,000. £This sum is, in our opinion, not noarly BBongh, wlieu distributed over all the jgoldfields of the coIodj. But if the aaeoiing were unanimous in respect to ibe necne-nry amount granted being at geast £100,000, to fcn of any practical ase, tbey were all at sea as to the mach'i- Sery by which the money should be allotted, tbo very question on which the Government wish to be informed when Considering the es'imates. To ask Minis ters to pl ica £100,000 at the disposal ©f they know not whom would be asking too much. On this point, so far as we iave considered it, we think the maehi- jjery which at present exists might safely fce'employod. That is to say, the mining itoards might in the first place be called on to recommend a distribution to the wardens of'the district sitting togeth-r, Who in turn might leport to the Minister, whom the final decision might bo left. So form now boards, and appoint other officers specially to do this work, would, WO are confident, be found to be a com plicated, as welt as wasteful, operation. Unfortunately, there was no delegate from the immense Beechworth Mining : District present at the meeting, and if We remain unrepresented at future meet ings or conferences on the subject, our interests in the division of the prospec ting .vote are certain to continue to be neglected, as they have hitherto been. For, not ouly have the other "goldfields liitberto secured the lion's share of the Vote, but the search for gold here by means of drills or boring apparatus has 2>een conducted in a scandalously ineffi cient and ignorant manner. We do not mean by this that the men employed in carrying oat the operations weie unequal to the work, bat that, owing to inadapt ability of the machinery to the work t" be done, the employes had bo chance of displaying any ' capabilities they might possibly possess. The first mistake was to send a diamond drill to test the gravelly alluvial at Wooragee, wher-, although, the ground was : known to be dry, we ventured to predict the absolute failure which soon occurred. As if this were not enough, a diamond drill was again sent to prospect the "Wangaratta Flats, where, as a blatter of course, a Beries of wet, loose drifts exists, and the first of these being soon reached,, the Band keeps running into the bore, and stops all further progress. Strange to Bay,' a tnt-tlly opposite error was com- jnitted in the Oxley Shire's plucky at tempt to find artesian water. Here the Xiffin anger, was employed, which, after Some trouble, got down 237 feet to Xpck. Then the appliances were found not to bo sufficient to go any farther ; but here also a diamond drill would become invaluable, in getting throngh the hard Strata. In fact, where soft and hard strata alternate, the machinery employed Should .be of a composite character, an anger and tubing for the one, and a dia mond bonding for the other. But, to speak the truth, we seem to b'o all a little , .abroad in Australia in boring operations. They ; invariably become troublesome after the first handrad feet or."8o, and sometimes absolutely fail be fore that depth is reached. In Pennsyl- T&nia;, Rjjd_ other oil regions in America, they will put down a bore of a couple of hundred feet or more in an incredibly short space of time, through clay, driftB, orchard rock, without a 'single' hitch. We are glad, to learn that the Minister is;mnking inquiries about those wonder ful, horiiig machines ; but we would not advise him. to try one, or even to import such: a white elephant, unless he is pre pared to . bring with it a man who knows its temper and management. A com petent man in charge of a competent machine would, besides saving a lot of money now absolutely wasted, be in valuable to the colony, whether in search ofr. gold, coal or water. Such a man might with advantage be offered an en gagement of five years, on a liberal Balary, as by that time our own people Would , have learned the act of boring, Which has. been reduced almost to an exact science in the United States. In the meantime, we would strongly recom- imend that the Beechworth Mining Board fakAbbth these matters into their inimedi te-.j; and serious consideration: The miners, .naturally look to the board in all matters affecting that particular industry. Since the above was in type fj we 'learn that a large and influential deputation, waited on Mr Jambs, acting Minister of Mines at Sandhurst, to inter- view him on the subject of t lie article. A report appears elsewhere, and from the Minister's reply it would appear the Government have really determined on nothing definite, or that, if they have, they have withheld their ii-tentions from their colleague. New Oddfellows' Lodge. — On the 8th inst. a new Lodge of Oddfellows was opened at Yarrawcnga by Pro v. G. M. Warner and Prov. O. S. Cunningham, of the Loyal Beechworth Lodge. A number of visiting members of the order, including P.P.G-AL Jas. Kyle, of Beechworth, were present, and assisted in the ceremony. Fifteen members of the new lodge were initiated. It was stated that ten more were ready, but were not able to be present, and will therefore be admitted next Wednesday. Several members are also to join by clearance from- other lodges. The opening was a most successful one, and was followed by a ball and supper, at tended by 74 persons. The Cattle Market!— On the northern lines 1, on the north-eastern lines SQ, on the western lines 13, and on the eastern lines 47, trucks of cattle were on Tuesday despatched to Melbourne making 150 in all, or about 15G0 bead of cattle for ednes- day'a market, exclusive of those which may have travelled. Beechworth Warden's Court. — In this court on Tuesday Mr Warden Foster, in reply to Mr Zincke, premised to fix a date, suitable to the parties concerned, for the hearing of applications under the Mining on Private Property Act for leases | of land at the Three Mile. Nam Shiug summoned William Counsell, iun. , for having on the 22nd January interfered with "and diverted water from a race belongiug to complainant ; damages being laid at £20. Mr Zincke appeared for complaiuant; Mr Tuthill for defendant. The evidence was very conflicting and the warden, before aiving his decision, decided to visit the ground on a date to he fixed. Mr Tuthill made application on behalf of Mr W. M. Hyndman, formerly manager of the Oriental Bank at Beech worth, for a lease under the Mining on Private Property Act of ground at the Three Mile, known as Stiliey's paddock. The warden stated that he won'd forward bis report on the matter to the Mining Department. The court then adjourned. Meeting in Insolvency. — The first meeting of creditors in the insolvent es tate of Christopher Mummery, of Bow man's Forest, storekeeper and grazier, was held in the Beechworth Court-house on Monday afternoon, before Mr P. J. Dwyer, chief clerk. Proofs of debts to the amount of £6691 were hauded in. Twenty creditors were represented, and Mr Tutliill appeared for the official assig nee. The principal creditor in the estate is the Bank of New South Wales, whose claim amounts to £129S 13s, and the next largest Mr Alex. Sloan, grazier, of Mnl- wala, £943 Is 6d. Mr J. Fletcher, of Beechworth, official assignee, and Mr Davey, of Melbourne, were appo nted trustees of the estate, at a remuneration of 5 per cent, of the gross amount realised. All monies received are to he paid into the Bank of Australasia, and Messrs Sloan, Parker, E. Frenchard, J. O'Brien and G. A. Pillinger were appointed a committee of inspection. The trustees were em powered to offer £50 to the holder of a lease connected with the estate, which had twelve months to run, in order to keep it alive. The meeting then closed. Entertainment. — What is announced as the first of a series of popular entertain- ; nients will begiveniu the CharchofEugland i Schoolroom, Beechworth, this (Thursday) evening. A good programme has been arranged, and this and the small charge made for admission should attract a large audience. Among those who have con sented to take part is Mr Thos. Gilchrist, the well-known comic singer. Easter Excursions. — The following are the Easter excursion arrangements of the Railway Department : — Holiday ex cursion tickets will be issued to and from all stations, excepting those on suburban lines, from the 19th to the 27th iust. inclusive, which will be available for cue calendar month from' the date of issue. A journey must bo commenced on the day oh which the ticket is taken, but. after a distance of 15 miles has been travelled it may be broken at the discretion of the traveller. Seaside excursion and tourists' tickets are likewise to be issued until the 30th inst. The 23rd and 26th are to be observed as holidays in the goods branch. Goods trains will not run, but perishable goods will-'be delivered at all stations en application. ,. The . Encouragement of; Mining. — In pursuance of his resolve to visit the princi" ; pal mining districts, with the object 'of obtaining the views of practical men as to the best means of. promoting the mining industry, Mr James/ acting Minister of Mines,- in company with Mr, Langtree, Secretary for Mines, paid a visit to Sand hurst on Saturday. Mr James received a deputation comprising local -members of Parliament, several mining- managers and prominent mining men, the- members of the council of the,' School of Mines, Mr J. P. Duncan, president of the Miners' Association, and the mayor of- Sandhurst (Or M'Gowan), who desired to point out to. the Minister the best means to tbe adopted for the promotion, of', the mining interest, so far as Sandhurst was concerned. Mr J'< P. Duncan,' on behalf. of the Miners' Association, read-a statement to the effect that, the -members of that body did not consider 'the appointment'-'of a royal- com mission to inquire into the mining industry would produce any.;. -beneficial results. They, were of opinion that the Government should,' inst'ea'd;- increase the "prospecting vote to £100,000, the apportionment of the money to be .controlled by a mining council of five, two ;- to represent the Government, one each for the mine owners and Miners' Association, and one from the , mining- hoard, reports the "Age." The mayor of Sandhurst expressed his approval of the remarks made by Mr Duncau, and also stated, that, the .mining. industry in the Sandhurst-district was handicapped. to. the extent of £12,000 by „th® imposition of .taxes which could be very well removed withcutariy injury being done to the, fiscal policy of the colony. . .Mr James, in re plying to the deputation, stated that per sonally he was not- in favor of the appoint ment offa royal commission. If,' however, such a commission were appointed, care would be taken that it was properly con stituted. His object in visiting the mining districts was to take the advice of .practical men, with a view of ascertaining what steps were necessary to he taken to revive a languishing industry. He agreed with the deputation that the. method ef distributing the prospecting vote was un satisfactory. He hoped that in future an improvement would b9 effected with respsct to this matter. With regard to .the amount to be voted, he could only say that it would be materially increased. \- Estate Administered. — The curator of in testa'- -'states has obtained a rule to admiiii'<rcr the estate of the late Isabella NichuVrr-. »'<> died in the Beechworth Lunatic A-yi— nn the 9th March lash The value o? "t .. "'ate is sworn at £300. Taldangatta Police Court. — On Wednesday, 7th inst., before Messrs Peter Wright and ' A. Paton, J.P.'s,. Martin Queripel sued Thos. Sinclair, jun., for £2, money paid in a transaction for the sale of a horse. Tne evidence being contra dictory, the Bench dismissed the case. Martin Queripel'sunununed Thos. Sinclair, jun., for assault oh the 5th March, at Tal-. langatta "Valley. Defendant was fined- 203, which was paid. W. H. Roper sued- W. Rollings for £12 2s 5d, for goods solv land delivered. Order for -amount, with 03 costs. J. D. Riellv sued W.. Rollings for goods sold and board and lodging. Defendant admitted some of the items in the bill of particulars, but disputed others. Plaintiff asked for a postponement ; but the Bench nonsuited him. Thos. Rollings sued J. D. Ileilly for £3 103, for work and labor done. Plaintiff swore to having done the work, and defendent admitted having engaged hiin, but he was only act ing as the agent of Walton, a contractor. The case was dismissed, in tbe absence of evidence that Reiliy was a partner of Walton's. Han Oheong sued L. Hender son, mauager of the Emperor Tin Mining Company- for £14 3s 8d, due for work done. An order for amount, in default distress, was given. Walter West sued W. Rollings for £14 16s, for work done. An order was given for the amount, with 2s 6d costs, in default distress. Dauiel Kirk sued the same defendant for £7 lis, due for wark done. The case was post poned till the 4th May. The Crown lauds bailiffproceededagainst Ah Walt and others fer cutting timber without a license. The case was also postponed till the 4th May. George Kennedy sued W. Rollings for £11 18s 6d, due for work done. An order was made for the amount, with 2s 6d costs. The court will for the future be held at 10 a.m. on the 1st Tuesday in every month, the previous Friday being the last day for issuing summonses. Mr Milker Stephen. — Our old "red- flannel friend" is now in 'Frisco. The following advertisement is from a local daily : — Wonderful cures. Mr Milner Ste- phen, the celebrated Australian healer, ex- Governor of South Australia, ex- member of Parliament, barrister-at-law, F.G.S. of London, F.R.S. of Sydney, &c.;, office, 209 Geary-street. Instant cures of the blind, deaf, rheumatics. Thousands of Press notiaes, reports and testimonials, poor healed gratis every Sunday, at 2.30 p.m., at Irving Hall, where cured patients attend. Testimonials sworn to, including cancers, and their roots explained. Presbyterian Church. East Brisbane. — A Brisbaue contemporary writes Aii interesting ceremony takes place to morrow evening, in the Mowbray town Presbyterian Church, East Brisbane, in the induction of the Rev. A. C. Smith. It is now fully 17 years since Mr Smith left Rockhampton, where he had been very successful in building up a largo congregation, to proceed south for the better education of his family. Besides Mrs Smith and a younger daughter, he brings back with him two daughters who have matriculated at college, and leaves behind hiin' three sons who have taken degrees. One is a Presbyterian minister in Victoria, another a lecturer in Trinity College, Melbourne, and the third will shortly complete his medical studies. We1 wish Mr Smith every success in the new field to which he has been called, and have no doubt lie' will retain the character he has won for earnest practical evangelical preaching, and will prove the means of much good in the rising suburb of East Brisbane. The Rev. Mr Smith was formerly clergyman of St. Paul's Presby terian Church, Wangaratta. I Wangaratta Police Court. — On Tues day, before Messrs Tone and Trotinan, J:P.'s, George Strain summoned Win. Stearn, for illegal- detention oE a horse and buggy. Mr -Norton for plaintiff; Mr Notcutfc for defendant. Geo. Strain deposed that he lived at Tarrawingee ; having had some business to transact in Melbourne, the defendant proffered to keep the horse and buggy in his possession until he returned ; he was- away- about 30 daTs ; on his return the defendant' refused to give up possession - of the property, until he (plaintiff)- paid him a sum of £8 ; value the horse and bnggy at £30. By Mr Nutcutt: Gave lim defen dant the horse and buggy, until I ivtnrned from Melbourne ; he told me he had a paddook which he could put the horse into ; the horse required no stable feeding, as he was not working ; he" had kept the horse on the same conditions before ; I object to paying for the keeping of the horse. Mr - Notcutt said his client had a lien on the property. After hearing some further evidence the Bench decided- that the property should bei restored to the plaintiff, without costs. Win. Stearn v Geo. Strain : Claim for the keep of a horse.- Mr Not- cutt for plaintiff ; Mr Norton for defen dant. The plaintiff said that the defendant had asked him to keep his horse until his return from Molbourrie, and said, '.'If you do uot hear from me within a certain time, -I will have made' a hole in the Yarra;" he said he would be away for a few days ; he stayed iiway for 30 days ; he (plaintiff) kept the horse all the time, and charged 2s 6d per day ; refused to give' the5 property' up until he was paid defendant offered him a pair of turkeys, but he (plaintiff) refused to accept themms payment ; gave the horse1 chaff, hay and bran ; defendant's boy never asked plain tiff for the horse. After hearing further evidence, the Bench awarded the plaintiff £2 2a for the keep of the horse.' Win, Simpson summoned Jacob McCormick for assault. Mr Notcntt for plaintiff; Mr Norton for "defendant. ..The case was dismissed.' A neglected boy, whose father is supposed to be living at Bowman's Fairest, was remanded for "three days, to give the police "time to communicate with his parent.' The court then adjourned. ' Beechworth Police Court. — On Tues day, before the. P.M., Edward Dowiing, charged with haying attempted to commie suicide, at Wodonga, a fortnight since, was remanded for a week, for medical treatment. Land. . Selection. — Mr James Short; surveyor, of Beechworth, elsewhere noii. fies intending electors that he is prepared to point out and locate on countv maps good. grazing land in Bogong and Benam- bra. Mr Short has for many years been engaged in surveying in both these counties, and has therefore an intimate knowledge of the country available for selection under.the new Land Act. Melbourne Sheep Market. — In this market on Tuesday about 25,000 fat sheep were yarded, only a small proportion of which were prime, the hulk of.the supply consisting of second to inferior descriptions. Last week's rates we're maintained for best qualities, but sales ef middling sorts wero duller, and for such prices ruled slightly easier. Prime crossbred wethers sold at from 12s 6d to 13s 6d ; good do, from 103 6d to lis 6d ; second do, from 8s to 9s ; inferior, from 7s 6d ; prime merino wethers, from 10s 6d to lis 6d ; good do, frem 9s to 10 ; second do, from 7s to 8s ; inferior, from Gs. Fat Lambs. — About 3200 were penned, which met with ,t.- fair demand,, the prices realised being about equal. to.. last week's ' rates. Best sold! at from 8s_Cd to 10s, a few extra higher good , from 1s,o:S3,' second from 5s 6d. to 6s 6d ; inferior from 4s. / Lecture. — On- Thursday 'evening, 8th inst., a lecture wa3 delivered by tbe Rev. Wm. Clarke Hose, incumbent of St. John's Church, on behalf of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The meeting was held in . the School of' Arts- Corowa, and there was a good attendance. - The rev. gentleman delivered the- lecture in a. clear and. earnest manner, and showed himself a real believer in the' work he had taken in hand. The subject -was- made both- pleasing and instructive, showing clearly that those - who work to a proper end are sure to' succeed. ' Mr A. Piggin wa3 in tlio chair. After the collection was taken up, it was agreed that the Rev. Mr Allen, Presbyterian minister, should de liver a lecture on "Japan," on tbo first Thursday in May. A vote of thanks was proposed by Mr L. Fraser, to the rev. lecturer, seconded by Mr C. Johnson, and carried with acclamation. The title of the. lecture was " The Origin, Objects and Progress of the British and Foreign Bible Society." The speaker commenced by stating that the historical facts were before the world, and anyone with tiino and inclination might verify for himself the information, he proposed to give, very little of which would be purely original, though much might be new to his audience. His desire was to evoke a warmer interest in the operations of a society which had an undoubted claim upon the sympathy of every Christian ; because it had been for some eighty years the great means, under God, of disseminating through the world copies of that Divine Bosk which contains the record of "all things neceBsary to sal vation." The society traced back its own origin to tho seemingly insignificant fuc-. that in the year 1S00 a poor Welsh girl, by name Mary Jones, desirous of possessing a Bible, walked barefooted a distance of 25 miles, with (he hope ef purchasing one from the'Rev. Thomas Charles, of Bala. She for six years had saved money for this purchase. He for the time had none at his disposal ; bHt, impressed with her grief at being disappointed, gave her a copy, and determined "that he would never rest until he found out some means of supplying the pressing wants of his people, who were crying out for the Word of God." Attending a meeting in London some time afterwards, he urged the Re ligious Tract Society to undertake the work. The outcome of his earnest appeal was the formation of the British and Foreign Bible Society, in 1S04. The Bible was scarce in those days, even in England, where there was no. obstacle to its dis semination. The lecturer described briefly its modes of operation, the constitution of the society, and its home and foreign work ; the most noticeable being its last production, viz., the New Testament, in goed clear type, for one penny. He spoke also of its progress in Australia, Polynesia, India and Italy ; giving seme amusing statistics, and compressing into small space a wonderful mass of information. During tho course of the lecture, he passed round a small hook, shewing in 267 languages and dialects those memorable, yet ever now, words of the Redeemer — St. Jehn, 3rd — 16. The society had issued 104 million copies or parts of Scriptures. After reading a portion of the speech of the Archbishop of Canterbury at the last annual meeting of the society, the lecturer concluded with an earnest appeal to his hearers to assist in carrying out the work which yet- remains to be done. A collec tion, to defray expenses, was taken up, and the meeting closed with the Benedic tion. Miners'- Working Hours.— The atten tion of the Mining Department was re cently directed to tbe fact that some of the men employed in ground sluicing opera tions in the Mitta Mitta District have been required to work for nine hours a day ; the local inspector regarding this as being contrary to 'he provisions of section 5 of the ' Regulation of Mines and Machinery Act 1883. This section pre scribes that miners employed below ground shall not work more than eight hours a day. The Secretary for Mines has pointed out that the section does not appear to apply to men engaged in' ground sluicing or in any other description of hydraulic mining," but simply relates to those em ployed underground in deep alluvial mines or vein workings. He states that the work is wholly different" in. the two cases. In - underground workings the men are during 'working hours deprived of the natural light, and to a great extent of the natural air, and their safety is, xrioreover, in a great degree dependent upon each of the shift being physically able to perform his duty ably and promptly. In ground sluicing and hydraulic mining generally, the men are employed, in the open air and sunlight, and are not exposed to such risks nor to such constant : strains upon their attention- as those -engagod in deep mining. The Grain Market. — For the in formation of our agricultural readers, we take the following from the Argus" of Wednesday last : —Transactions generally still continue on a limited scale, and we have few Bales of any importance to report. Telegrams are to hand that heavy rains' have been experienced in northern-New South Wales/and it is hoped that the drought is now breaking up. There are also' prospects of the rain being more general in Victoria, and coming at a time .when- most required by the farmer3. The trade are', not buying freely, in breadstuff's a moderate business; is. doing, but' there is not so good a demand as had been ex perienced during the past few days'. ' Flour is moving off steadily at late- rates; the demand being principally . for export. Besides other parcels; we hear of, 80 tons having, been quitted at a full price. Trade, sales of 'erdmary country, flour are making at £9 12s 6d. , . Wheat, has not: had 'much' attention. An auction, the bidding was I without" animation, and although some good wheat was submitted, the offers were under current rates, and were refused. Millers-having.purchased freely during the past' few :days, are. not operating again at the moment.-. Receipts from the country are moderate, and should rain set in the farmers' deliveries, which are small at present, will almost cease. Stocks at the f«ntinf.rr atfttiftns nrftlarfyp. and hnlHprs will be in a position to meet all demands. Stocks- in town aUo are considerable, while holders have latterly shown more dis position to sell. At the public sales, out of 660 bags offered, only 288 bags of in ferior and medium samples were sold at up to 4s 3|d. Privately we are advised of 2000 bags having been quitted in parcels at from 4s 4d to 4s 4id. For feeding grains there is only a moderate inquiry, the trade operating sparingly. Oats nave not had much attention except for ordinary trade requirements. At auction, out of 2996 bags offered, 1772 bags only were sold at from 2s 3d, for inferior thin, up to 2s 9d for fair feed,. 2s lid for: good feed, and up to 3s lid for a parcel of prime stout. Otherwise we have ouly heard of about 500 bags having been cleared off at from 2s 9d to 2s lid. Barley is still slow ef sale. , At auction only one or two lots were seld, while privately no sales of any consequence have been reported. Peas :sold publicly at up to 3s 3td for seed lots. Maize has hot been noticed. Bran is firm at 13id, at which figure .several parcels have changed hands. dental.-r-Mr G. R: Hall, dentist, will be in Beechworth on Monday and Tuesday next, ,19th and -20th : April, and may be 'consulted at the Star Hot'el, "Ford-sEreet.' Important Sheep Sale.— We would direct special attention to the important sale of Messrs Hntton Bros.' sheep, .which takes place at Clear . Creek Station, near El Dorado, lo-morrow (Friday), at 2 p.m. Particulars as to. the lots to be offered are given in our advertising columns. Ruthekglen and Murray District Vinegroweks' Association.— A meeting of the members of the above association was held at the Council Chambers, ,Ru- tnerglen, 011 baturaay aitenioon. . adoui 12 members were present,, and -Mr Wm. Graham, of Netherby, - occupied the chair. Letters wero read from the Australian Wine Association of Victoria, . with refer ence to the sale of Australian wines at the Colonial Exhibition by. Messrs Spiers and Pond ; audit was decided to/ co-operate, and that Messrs Spiers and Pond allowed a commission on all winea sold. From Mr D. 0. McCarthy O'Leary ra appeal cases to be heard at the Court of Petty Sessions, Rutherglen, against' the shire valuator's assessment on vineyard property; received. It was decided that the annual dinner of the members of the association takes place on Thursday, 22nd April. The treasurer's report was received and adopted, and the meeting adjourned. 1 The Beechworth Races.— Eu tries for tho two principal events in connection with the Easier Monday meeting of tlia Beech worth Amateur Racing Club— the Ea3ter Handicap and the Town Plate— closed on' Wednesday evening, and will be -found in another column. Fifteen horses have been nominated for tho Handicap and seventeen for. the Town Plate — the largest number yet received for any two races run under the club's auspices ; and as they include some of the speediest thoroughbreds in these districts, wo may look forward io good, and, with judicious handicapping, for which the club's fixtures have hitherto been noted, large fields should face the starter. As we stated in our last issue, the committee and their energetic hon. secretary have made every arrangement to ensure the success of the Easter meet ing of 1886, the approach of which is eagerly awaited by lovers of the turf. The Salvation Army at Benalla. — The new Salvation Army barracks, recently erected at Benalla at a cost of £900, was formally opened on Tuesday by Commis sioner Howard, Major Barker and staff! About 500 attended the tea meeting, and fully 700 persons wpre present at the public meeting at night. The financial result of the demonstration amounts to £100 net profit. Additional Mails — Additional daily mails will henceforward be due in Mel bourne at 4.50 p.m. from Benalla, Ru therglen, Wahgnnyah, Wangaratta and YYodonga. Ml. Stuart Cumberland. — This gentle man, who for tne past few weeks lias baen creating qnite a sensation in the metro polis, gave his second thought-reading seance in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Tuesday night, in the presence of a very large and interested audience. The enter tainment was highly succesafnl. Mr Cum berland giving some astonishing experi ments in thought-reading. The Diamond Drill. — Mr Hugh Long has been appointed to succeed Mr J. Mclntyre as manager of the diamond drill operations at Wangaratta. Mr Mclntyre left on Saturday for Queensland, in which colony lie has received an appointment under Government to superintend boring operations. : Wesleyan.— The Rev. A. J. Wade has been appointed successor to tho Rev. J. A. .Osborne, as minister of the Wesleyaii Church at Wangaratta. Mr Wade, who has entered upon his new charge, is a young man 'of 'much ability, and will bo doubt be popular in tlie distrior. Social Gathering — On Wednesday evening about twenty employes of the well-known' caaching firm of Messrs Craw, ford and Co. met together at Tanswell's Commercial Hotel; Beechworth, for the purpose of wishing good-bye to Mr Thos. Connolly, the managing . partner in the firm, who is about to. take a trip to the old country!" Mr C. Beck was voted to the chair, and Mr T. Doyle .to the vice- chair. The. company having sab down to a nicelylaid dessert, the chairman explained the object of the gathering, and after tho toast of .The Queen" had been disposed of, called upon all present to charge their glasses and drink to the health of Mr Connolly and wish him a pros perous and happy trip home, and a safe and speedy return, with restored health. All assembled knew Mr Connolly as well as he (the chairman) did ; so therefore there was no need to refer lo his qualities, either from a social or a business stand- point. He (Mr Beck) was glad to see that every employd of tho firm in Beechworth present that evening, aa it showed that a good feeling existed be tween employer and employed. Tbe toast waB heartily and musically honored. Mr Connolly, who npon rising was warmly greeted, begged to thank the company most sincerely for the cordial manner in which they - had drunk the toast, and assured them that it was very gratifying indeed to him to see snch good-feeling displayed towards him. It was now ten or eleven years since he took charge of the business of Messrs Crawford and. Co., and during that time he had got on very - well- with the employes, than whom, taking them all round, there was not a hitter lot ef meu employed by any firm in the colony, and he had such confidence in them that he felt that in his absence the business of the firm would go on all right. He did riot purpose making a very long stay, away, but would be hack in "Beechworth by" the end of the year — that is, if the sharks did not get /hold of him." (Laughter.)' He cordially wished all good-bye, and 'heped to see them on his return in as good health as they were at present. Air Connolly resumed. his seat amid applause, and, be ing unwell, was shortly afterwards excused, and left the room, after shaking hands with the company, individually. The remainder of the evening was passed in harmony. Welcome News. — All interested in pastoral pursuits will he glad to learn that splendid downfalls of rain are taking place in the interior. The Sydney correspond ent of Wednesday's " Telegraph" reports that rain is falling all over New South Wales, and that in some districts 4in. have been registered. The rain has extended to Queensland, and the prospects of paBtoral- ista are altogether considerably improved. Mining Board Election. — The election of a member of the Beechworth Mining Board, to fill the seat rendered vacant by the death of Mr Robert Bolam, will take place on Saturday, 15th May. Nomina tions must be lodged at or before 4 p.m. on Saturday, 1st May. Messrs Jas. Guth rie, John Lang and G. Biddington have announced themselves as candidates. Rise in the Price of Wheat. — Wheat at Wangaratta has daring the. past, .two days advanced a penny, being now- quoted at 4s Id. The quotations at the Wangaratta mills are : Flour — roller, £10 14s per ton, or £1 2s 6d per bag ; patent, £10 perjton, or £1 Is 6d per bag ; ordinary, £9 15s per ton, er £1 Is per bag ; wheat, - 4s Id ; bran and pollard, -Is.-' . . Salvation Army at'chiltern.rstaff-, officer Russell, from Melbourne, assisted by "Captain Phillips, z from Beechworth, conducted;- a meeting on Monday, .night last, in the . Oddfellows' -Hall, Chiltern, before : any appreciative .- audience., : The former officer gave . an . outline of his " experience," : which ' was attentively listened to. : Fire.— Shortly after seven o'clock, on Wednesday morning the firebell in Beech worth rang out, and a volume of smoke and flame between Mr J. Clementss store and the Imperial Hotel, - in High-street, indicated that the cause of alarm was in that direction. The firemen were soon on the spot, and a crowd of townspeople . con gregated ; but by the .prompt and well directed efforts of the brigade the flames were speedily suppressed, the only damage done being the destruction cf portion of an old hedge between the two above-inen- tioned properties. Tho fire r was causeff by children playing with matches,- and it was fortunate that the wind was blowing in the direction it was, ' otherwise a quan tity of sawn timber in Mr Clements's yard would have been destroyed. 1 Mr Geo. Phillipson, jun.— We regret to learn of the illness of the above-named gentleman, who is still suffering from the effects of au accident to his . foot while backing a load of wheat at -his mill, at Wangaratta. - Dr Macfarlane is in atten dance upon the sufferer, of whose speedy recovery to health we hope to hear. The Heytesbury Bush-fires. —At a meeting of the Heytesbury Forest Bash- fires Relief Fund Committee , held at Camperdown on Monday night it was decided to pay all claims under £5 from sufferers by "the recent fires in cash ; in all other cases certificates will be necessary to show the value of the improvements effected io replace the damage done by the fire. i " Cricket. — A match between the Wanga ratta and Oxley cricket clubs was played on the ground of the latter on Saturday. The locals were defeated by eight runs ; the totals being — Oxley, 98 ; Wangaratta, 90\. The principal scorers for Oxley wero H. McAliece (29), 0. McKenzie (17), J. Ellis (22), and J. Gardner (12) ; while for Wangaratta R. Chapman (27) was the only player to get into double figures. Accident in tee Cricket Field. — During the playing of the match between the Wangaratta and Upper King cricket clubs on Saturday last, one of the players, Mr Henderson, teacher at South Greta, was accidentally struck in the month with tho cricket ball, the result of which de prived hi in of two of his teeth. Fortu nately for Mr Henderson, he was not struck on the temple, in which case he would in all probability have been killed, says the " Dispatch" ; the missile, according to the testimony of those who witnessed the accident, meeting the month of the injured man with nearly the velocity of a cannon- ball. New Insolvents. — William Hollibone Birch, of Gooramadda, butcher and cattle dealer. Causes of insolvency : — The total loss of everything by fire on the 1st April. 1SS6. Liabilities, £S65 10s ; assets, £77 5s; deficiency, £78S-5s. Hy. Matthews, of Chikerii, publican. Causes of insolvency : Pressure of creditors, falling off in busiiess, and inability to collect, debts. Liabilities, £214 8s 4d ; assets, £60 14s ; deficiency, £143 14s. Mr Parfitb is the official assignee in both estates.. Licenses Approved. — Geo. Crowe, 16,000a, Talgarno ; Margaret Ooli'Hs, 5a' Bright : H. WV Smith, 107a, Yabba ; James Still; 148a, Edi ; John Cowan, 218a, Bnngamero ; Wm. Wright, 177a, Dederang :;Wm. Barnes, 94a, Kergnnyah North ; .Peter Cunningham, 283s, Cud- gewa ; Geo. F. "Wickens, 4a, Bright ; Franz Keuffel, 20a, Carlyle ; George Sutton, 10a, Bolvoir West. Leases .Approved. — John Morrison, 44a 3r 23p, Murmungee ; H. T. Tongue, 319a 3r 37p, Boorhaman ; Arthur Land! 199a 2r 20p, Cudgewa ; John McDonald, 186a Ir 7p, Bolga ; R. Montgomery, 53a Or 21p, Boweya. 