Bush Fires in Victoria. (Melbourne Argus, Jan. 6.) Buninyong, Tuesday.--At half-past four o'clock this afternoon, bush fires, principally from the south-west, caused the township to look quite Black Thursday like, the atmosphere being thick with smoke. Clunes, Tuesday.--A large tract of grass country at Birch's Creek, near Clunes, was destroyed by fire to-day. The flames attacked the farm of M'Callum Brothers, whose homestead was with difficulty saved. All the stacks were burned, re- presenting the entire farming operations of the year. A neighbouring farmer named Cameron also had two large stacks of grain burned. The fire was close up to a third stack when the wind suddenly veered a little, saving it from destruction. Great injury was done to the commoners in the district and to other residents. The heat during the last few days has been excessive, and to-day it was 103 degrees in the shade. Colac, Tuesday.--Extensive bush fires have been raging to-day, the town being completely sur- rounded and enveloped in smoke. So dense was the vapour during the afternoon that lamps had to be lit within doors, while outside objects a short distance off were scarcely discernible. Later on a cool breeze sprung up, which somewhat dispersed the smoke, but it still hangs thickly over the town. Much loss has been caused by the fires. An enor- mous tract of back country has been burnt, with miles of fencing, and several selectors' houses, with their crops, have been destroyed. The Cororooke estate was ablaze in places, and much grass was consumed before the flames were extinguished, while from Stonyford to Pirron Yallock the country presented a line of fire, comingup close to the railway line. Por- tions of the Corangamite station caught fire. A nume- ous staff of beaters were put on, and the cattle were removed to a place of safety. It was sometime be- fore the flames were stamped out. The day has been a thorough scorcher, a hot wind blowing, and the smoke making the atmosphere most oppressive. Old residents say they have not seen the like for 20 years. Echuca, Tuesday.--An immense bush fire broke out this afternoon about four miles east of Moama, and has been burning ever since. The thermometer registered 104 degrees in the shade to-day. Sandhurst, Tuesday.--A large bush fire has been burning in the neighbourhood of Goornong for the last two days. The weather to-day was again op- pressive, the thermometer registering over 100 degrees in the shade. Warrnambool, Tuesday.--The heat yesterday and this morning was the severest experienced here for years past, and resulted in extensive bush fires all over the country. At Winston, the fences and crops of the selections on the margin of Lake Carteronge were all burned, and the fire is still raging. A bush fire broke out yesterday at East Woodford, and to-day spread over eight miles of country, and is at present raging at Wangoon, on the farms of Mr. Frank Tozer and Mr. G. P. Barber, a number of small farmers being burnt out in the route of the fire. According to the latest information it was still raging, and travelling in the direction of Pur- nim. It is expected to do an immense amount of damage before being got under. (From the Age, January 6.) Ballarat, Tuesday.--The thermometer at half past two o'clock registered 98½ degrees in the shade, and 148 degrees in the sun. At five o'clock the wind changed to the south-west, and shortly after- wards the city and town were enveloped in smoke, which came from bush-fires in the districts of Carngham and other neighbourhoods. So thick was the smoke in the streets of the city that vehicular traffic was to a certain extent impeded. It was rumoured in Ballarat to-night that the Warrenheip railway station had fallen a prey to the ravages of a bush fire, and for a time credence was given to the statement, as it was known that the country between Geelong and Ballarat was black with smoke from the burning country. Old residents say that they cannot remember the city and town having ever been enveloped so densely by smoke as on the present occasion. A bush fire is reported to be raging in the ranges at the rear of the new cemetery. Lorne, Tuesday.--A tremendous conflagration is raging along the whole of the sea coast from Cape Otway to the east side of Loutitt Bay, a distance of 45 miles. The fire, which commenced on Mon- day, is attributed to the excessive heat of the past few days. A steady breeze from the north fanned the flames, which travelled with fearful rapidity to the coast line on Monday night. This morning the breeze increased to a perfect gale, and drove the fire with tremendous velocity over the Cape Otway Ranges to the sea coast. The latter soon became enveloped in dense volumes of smoke, which pre- sented a majestic and awe-inspiring sight. The cap- tain of the steamer Casino, which arrived from Warrnambool at midday, stated that he passed through immense volumes of smoke, which ex- tended for eight or niune miles out to sea, over which it hung like an immense pall. At Lorne the sun at times was completely obscured. The fire leaped across the deep ravines characteristic of the Cape Otway ranges, the velocity of the gale carry- ing the burning embers to the tops of the high trees, which soon became a mass of flames. In this way they rushed over Mount George, and ap- proached so close to the township of Lorne that at one time it looked as if the place was doomed to de- struction. The residents made every preparation to battle with the flames, when fortunately the wind changed to the south at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and all immediate danger was removed. Then a most curious phenomenon took place. The im- mense volumes of smoke which had for 15 hours been driven out to sea came rolling back again on the township, which became so dark that the fowls went to roost at 4 o'clock, and the residents were compelled to light their lamps. The southerly breeze eventually cleared the air, and at 6 o'clock it was light again. During the night the fire con- tinued to burn briskly, but no further damage to the township is anticipated. So far as can be learned, the fire has extended fully five miles in- land, and for nearly 30 miles along the coast, and it is feared that several struggling selectors have been rendered homeless. The flames raged so furiously on the ranges along the main road from Birregurra to Lorne that the coaches running to the latter place could not pass through the burning timber without danger of the passengers being burned alive, consequently they were taken back to Dean's Marsh. Men are now engaged clearing the road, which is covered for some dis- tance with burning trees. Camperdown, Tuesday.--To-day has rivalled Black Thursday in the intensity of the heat and the fierceness of the bush fires that are burning. Under the combined influences of the excessive heat and a strong hot wind from the north, which amounted almost to a gale, some of those fires became joined. About 2 o'clock the wind veered round to the west and south-west, and almost im- mediately the town was veiled in darkness for a time. The people were bewildered, and it was thought by many that the fires were in dangerous proximity to the town. Quite a panic was created by the arrival of a breathless messenger at the police station with the intelligence that the public park was on fire. There was an immediate stampede for the place, but the report was found to be incorrect. Extensive fires are now raging almost all round the town, and as the wind is still high, grave fears are entertained as to the safety of the farmers in the vicinity. The coun- try south of Lake Bullen Merrie is reported to be in a blaze, and fires are stated to be raging in the direction of the ranges. Another report is current to the effect that a fire is sweeping across the plains from the Hamilton side. There are also extensive fires in the Stony rises. The thermometer to-day has registered in Camperdown from 102 to 105 degrees in the shade. At Larra station it reached 100 degrees in the shade, being three degrees above the highest previous record, viz, in 1880. It is feared that a vast amount of damage has been done, although no authentic particulars are yet attainable. The township of Cobden has been hemmed in by bush fires, and one or two of the houses have been destroyed. At Lake Ellingamite tho fire« have tra- versed the selections of Messrs. A. Hamilton, Hickey, and Hanlan, and strenuous efforts are being made to stay the further progress of the flames through Mr. Mayer's land. The devouring element has swept through the paddocks owned by the following :--Trustees of the late A. S. Robert- son, T. and W. Down, J. L. Currie, and others. It is supposed that great damage has been done to to the selectors in the forest country. The news to hand to-night is necessarily disconnected, owing to excitement which prevailed in the district. 