LONDON, January 3. Mr. f orster continues in a critical condition. LONDON., January 5. Mr. Murray Smith, Agent General for Victoria, will le are London at the end of April. The Hon. 0. Baker is to confer with the Agents General before tenders are called for the new postal contracts for the colonies. The meeting of Parliament has been fixed for January 12. After tiie swearing in and some formal busi- ness an adjournment will take place till the 21st when tho Queen's speech wi!! be read. The Queen has consented to become thc patron of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition to be opened in London next May. It is announced that at the reas- sembling of Parliament the Ministry will propose a scheme for a new sys- tem of Local Government throughout the United Kingdom in order to give effect to which it is proposed to in- troduce three. measures, dealing re- spectively with England, Ireland and Scotland. The announcement of the ! Ministerial policy will it is thought be taken advantage of for an explana-1 tion of Mr Gladstone's proposed system of Home Bule for Ireland. It is j understood that an amendment on the Address in reply and adverse to the Government will be moved. j Warlike preparations are being carried out in Greece, and the Hel- lenic troops are massed upon the frontier with the view of enforcing the claims of the country to an ex- tended boundary. The leeling of the people is bellicose. The majority of Liberals are opposed to the establishment of an Irish Parliament. The Agents General have signified their approval of the steps taken by the Government in connection with the new tenders for the ocean postal contract. Tenders under their con- ditions will be called forthwith. The Aboriginal Friends' Society, members of which had urged the severance of North Queensland, have now decided to preserve au attitude of neutrality in the matter. '' MELBOURNE, January 1st. Dr. Lucas bas commenced a suit against the corporation of South Mel- bourne in order to recover five thou- sand pounds damages for the injuries which he received while driving, ow- ing to the defective state of one of the roads. The Revenue returns which were published this morning show that the revenue received for the quarter end- ed December 31, is one million five hundred and sixty nine thousand eight hundred und fifty seven pounds, or a decrease of nineteen thousand two hundred and eighteen pounds on the corresponding quarter of 1884. In the match commenced to-day between a combined eleven and the team who are likely to proceed to Eng- land, the former scored 136 runs abd the Australian Eleven lost two wickets for C9. MELBOURNE, January 3. The wharf labourers struck work on Saturday and several Intercolonial vessels were delayed in consequence. A peculiar case of shooting occurred on the steamer Gambier yesterday when Joh u Slater, a steerage passen- ger, presumed to be mud, fired at another passenger. ' He was reierred for medical examination, MELBOURNE, January 5. The heat throughout the colony is inteuse and terrible bushfires are raging in the Western District. The wharf labourers' strike con- tinues. Huddart Parker and Company have laid up their steamers Nemesis and Ooorangainite and intend to lay up also the Wïndour>i and Burrumbeet when they arrive. Mr. J. Paterson has decided to act similarly in regard to a number of his steamers and Mossrs. Howard Smith intend to do the same with some of their larger steamers. Two hundred and tweuty plasterers struck yesterday night on account of a dispute with theirernployers regarding the eight hours question. The tender of Messrs. McAllister and Staumore for the construction of the Camperdown-Terang railway for .£37,000 has been accepted. Mr. Service and Mr. Berry leave fOr Tasmania un Jan. 21. William Batlantyue, a lad, deli- berately shot at his father who had threatened to beat him, but did not hurt him seriously. Two fanners have been stuck up and robbed. SYDNEY, January 1st. Two fatal accidents occurred in the I harbour to-day owing to some boats capsizing. By the first of them two young ladies and a youth were drown- ed. In the second Messrs. Shaw and Senior, the latter a member of the late New Guinea expedition, were in the boat when it capsized. Senior, who was uuder the iufluence of liquor, lashed himself to the bottom of the boat to prevent his falling out and WUG consequently drowned. Mr. Sala has received several letters of condolence, one of them from Lord Carrington. SYDKEY, January 3. Syme the freethinker has arrived. Sir John Robertson proceeds tc Mudgee for re-election to morrow. Jame's tichooles attempted suicide on Saturday by stabbing himself ic the head and neck with a chisel. An extensive fire occurred at New- castle on Saturday, damage beiug done to the exteut of .£5,000. Heavy thunder storms have occurr I ed in New South Wales. The south j ern railway, near Cootamundra, is again disabled. ! SYDNEY, January 5, The years revenue amounted to ¿67,588,607 being an increase of ¿6471,076. The expenditure was £8,816,683. The Governor has consented to open the Art Exhibition in April. SYDNEY, Jan. 6. The military court of enquiry into the charges against Lieut. Airey is likely to conclude its sittings' to- morrow. It is intended materially to reduce charges on telegraphic messages to New-Zealand. ADELAIDE, January 1st. To-day a shocking case of alleged chile murder was reported A woman was confined and the charred bones'of the infant were afterwards found. Two men had a dispute about money matters; one fired at the other and failing to kill, hun blew his ow'n head off. ADELAIDE, January 4. A large fire has occurred atiDawie's tannery, Bowden, damage being done to the extent of between £15,000 and ¿820,000. Three horse were killed by lighten- ing at Carriston yesterday. Mrs. Nor va ll has been committed for trial for concealment of birth of her child which was found burnt. It has not been proved that the child breath- ed after birth. Thomas Harris was found dead in the Torrens lake yesterday. At an. inquest held to-day there was no evi- dence explanatory of the cause. ADELAIDE, Jan. 5. The weather is extremely hot and eleven cases of sudden death from the heat are reported. Destructive fires have occured at Mt. Gambier, Strath- albyn, Brownhill Creek, Mitcham and Ellerton. BRISBANE, January 1st. Captain Sorensen will be tried for a breach of the Shipping Act aud not for piracy. The punishment for this offence is forfeiture of the ship. BRISBANE, January 5. The Dorunda will be released from quarantine tomorrow. The health of the patients is good. The amount of claims for compen- sation to planters on account of the return of Pacific Islanders under the Act passed last session is ¿£40,000. The North Glanmire Mine, Gympie got forty ounces of gold on Saturday ; good gold is still showing. The revenue returns of laßt quarter show a total Tevenue of ¿8642,000 and an expenditure of £900,000 ; the credit balance stands at £340,000. AUCKLAND, Jan. 4. An extensive fire has occurred at Waipara, Hawke's Bay district. AUCKLAND January 5. A conspiracy to defraud an Insur- ance Company has been discovered and the culprits have been arrested. Jan. 6. The Stud Compamy have sold a full brother to Nordenfeldt for 850 guineas to Mr. W. Robinson, and a full sistei for 475 guineas. HOBABT, January 1st. The Chief Secretary and the Attor- ney General will represent Tasmanis at the Federal Council. CARNARVON, January 5th. There has been boisterous weather lately with indications of heavy rait up country. The police cutter arriv- ed on the 2nd instant from Sharks Bay. A Chinaman was sentenced to three months imprisonment for at- tempting to stab George Fry and re- sisting the police. Otherwise things were quiet. At the Roads Board elections yes. terday, tho members elected' for thu year were Messrs. G. Bastón (chair- man), E. Cleveland, Robert Campbell, Thomas Bird, Charles Crowther, George Gooch, and Julius Brockman, «S5Q was allotted towards the Woor- amel well. ' 