THE JOURNAL OF THE PRINCES.* the ckuIse of the bacciiante. AUSTRALIAN NOTICES. The other day we heard by cable message of the publication of the record of the round voyage made in 1879-1882, by Prince Albert Victor and Prince George of Wales. The volumes themselves have now come to hand. They are two bulky tomes, each of nearly 700 pages, well furnished with engravings and with charts, and brought out in the best style as regards paper and binding, by the firm of Messrs. M'Millan and Co. The volumes are ; what they pretend to be—namely, records of travel, and, of course, they derive much of their interest from their writers. The style is simple and unpretentious. There are a good many boyish passages, but there is also a surprising mass of Bolid information in the pages. It was made, it appears, a part of the duty of the young priuces to seek information at each port about the place and the people, and they had only to ask to have a store of facts and anecdotes poured upon them, and every part, we are told, has been carefully revised by ex perts as to facts and figures. The Princes saw a great deal of the world—the West Indies, South America, the Cape, Japan, China, Egypt, the Mediter ranean, &c.;, and it is apparent that the place they were most taken with was Australia. The references to these colonies are throughout of the most friendly nature, and gradually—after other scenes have been visited—they become loving in tone until, on the eve of their landing in Great Britain, the two princes make a joint declaration that, next to England, Australia will ever remaiu nearest to their hearts. Why the voyage was undertaken, and how the book was written, are fully stated in the preface by the Rev: John N. Dalton, and the few pages in question are so excellent a r∑£ of the work as a whole that it is well to reproduce them. This account of the three years' cruise of H.M.S. Bacchante makes no pretension to literary form. Such as it is, it has been put together at the desire of their Royal High nesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, who have intrusted the private journals, letters, and other papers of their Bons to me for this purpose. Though three years have gone by since the ship was paid off, it is only within the last few months that I have been free, or had leisure to arrange the material for publication. Both princes kept very regular diaries all the time they were away from home ; these, written up every evening before turning in, both at sea and ashore, wherever they happened to be staying—whether it was be neath the roof of different Government housee, or out in the bush, on the Pampas, in Japanese temples, or Chinese house-boats; whether up the Nile, or beneath their tents in Syria, form naturally the ground work of the whole. As might naturally be expected, their pages bec&me; much fuller towards the end of the three years than they are at the beginning:' Those portions especially which cover the time the Princes were in Egypt and Palestine were written out afterwards from rough jottings and notes made on horseback, or during the midday siesta, from what Brugsch Bey or Captain Conder had been telling them when face to face with the objects visited. I have also drawn largely upon the contents of letters. These were often written against time and in haste to catch the mail. But Buch passages as I have extracted from them I have thought it best to leave as they were first penned, however rough they might appear, rather than smooth them down in cold blood ; for thus they convey a truer representation of the immediate impression produced by the place or circumstance de scribed. With the private journals and letters that record the passing sensation of the day or hour, I have embodied a good deal from cer tain note-books in which the Princes entered at their leisure the substance of much which they read concerning the countries visited, or learnt in conversation from those with whom they were specially privileged to be brought into contact from time to time. Where such entries refer to figures and sta tistics I have endeavoured to correct them up to date. It would be absurd to imagine that two young men of their respective ages Bhould take in fully all the information given respecting the various places and people they saw, as older persons might have done. But as these pages will testify, several clear im pressions were produced on their minds at each port, which will remain till their dying day ; and foremost among these is the vivid remembrance of what they saw in Australia, where the interest they evinced in different matters connected with the political and commercial development of that portion of a united and greater Britain was most keen. My own additions are marked off in square brackets. They can readily be skipped by those who preler to read continuously the more descriptive narrative portion of the text In an account that covers so wide an ex tent of ground, and deals with so many topics, it would be vain to expect that no mistakes or errors should be discovered by specialists. But I venture to hope that there are not many of a gross character. The proof-sheets of the portions relating to Japan have been read by Mr. Ernest Satow, C.M.G.; the Straits Settlements by Sir Frederic Weld, G.G.M.G., and the Hon. Clementi Smith; Egypt by Emit Brugsch Bey; Palestine by Captain Conder, R.E.; Fiji by Sir William des Voeux, K.C.M.G.; the Cape and Anstralia by two gentlemen lately resident in and thoroughly conversant with both these countries. All these friendB were good enough to make valuable suggestions and additions to the Princes' memoranda, which served to supplement the result of the Princes' own observations, and which have greatly con duced to make the following account accu rate and trustworthy, as far as actual facts are concerned; but with the opinions ex pressed or conclusions drawn from such facts it would be unfair in any way to identify them. Wherever, as In the case of the West Indies or Sontb Africa, it wsb impossible to avoid touching on subjects that still form matter of rather a lively controversy, a strenuous endeavour has been made to give both sides of the question, as far as possible in the very words need by their several advocates, and theBe have been drawn exclusively from Bine Books and other official , " "TheCruise of Her Majesty's Ship Bacchante," 1879-1882, Compiled from the private journal*, utters, and notebook* of Prince Albert Vlotor and George of Wale*, with additions by John N. In two volume*. .Loudon s MacmlUan and V0. 188& sources. With two exceptions no names have been introduced. Although probably the portion ol this book which will be read by the general public witn most interest is that which refers to the Princes' visits to the British colonies and to foreign countries, yet if anything like a true notion of the cruise, its objects and its re sults, is to be obtained, if must be borne in mind that the time really Bpent at sea was of no Jess importance to the Princes themselves. At sea during the longer cruises day follows day and week week with a regularity which, read of, is suggestive of monotony; but it seems monotonous only to those who have few resources in their own minds or who have never been to sea in a man-of-war. There each day has its own routine ; and each hour of each day should find every one ready and prepared for the particular duty appropriate to that branch of the service to which he may belong. This regularity and freedom from all outside interruption was just what was required in the case of the two Priuces for purposes of school and study, as well as for instruction in a sailor's duties. The period spent at sea was to the Princes the equivalent of a schoolboy's ordinary life; the holiday time was represented by the occasions on which they were away from the ship on leave, or when they went up-country. When II. It. H. the Prince of Wales determined to send his sons to sea, it was chiefly with a view to the mental and moral training that they would receive as midshipmen in ller Majesty's navy. In every one of the Queen's ships each officer, man, and boy has his Bpecial and individual duties to perform every hour of the day and night, with a routine that should be as precise and unvarying as clock work. The sense of responsibility on the Eart of a junior or petty officer for the men, owever few they be, entrusted to his charge, and the habit of implicit and instant obedi ence to seniors that is brought out and incul cated by the naval service soon become to all in the ship a second nature; and every soul on board, cut off for a considerable time from all connexion with the outer world, is welded together into an attached commu nity, each grade of which is dependent in well-ordered method on the others. As long as they were on board ship the Princes were treated exactly like the other midshipmen, and performed all the duties which usually fall to their lot; they took their turn in all weathers by day or night at watcbkeeping and going aloft, at sail drill, or boat duty. Tiiere was no difference, not even the slightest, of any Bort or kind made between ithem and their gunroom messmates. Thus they were taught seamanship by the first lieutenant, the Hon. H. G. Curzon-Howe, and gunnery by the gunnery lieutenant, Mr. C. ll. Adair. Their mathematical studies were entirely in the hands of Mr. John W. Lawless, their naval instructor, and they read French with Mr. G. Sceales. To the captain, Lord CharleB Scott, belonged of course the supervision and management of all these, as well as of every thing that appertained to their life on board ship. My duties as governor in charge of the Princes began when they went on shore, and always ended when they came on board again as midshipmen, except that 1 was responsible to their parents for their general education. The Admiralty kindly permitted my name to be borne on the ship's books as acting chaplain for temporary service during the whole period of the Bacchante's commission; and for the honour thus done me I shall ever feel deeply grateful to their lordships. The performance of the duties of that office and the opportunities thus afforded for establish ing intimate relations between myself and each man and boy in the ship gave me the most real instruction, and the three years thus spent afloat as chaplain in Her Majesty's naval service I shall always regard as among the happiest in my life. It will be admitted that there could be no better training tor the young Princes than this discipline and seclusion at sea, alternated by excursions ashore, which were bound to have a great educational effect upon minds at the inquiring and impressionable stage. As our readers will be anxious to arrive at Australia, it is unnecessary to accompany the Princes to Barbadoes, or Jamaica, or the Bermudas, or to the Plate, which is called a "South American Australia," especially as Mr. Dalton says the earlier notes of the Princes are of the least value. Of the Cape a full account is given, but upon this occasion we shall also skip that. On the voyage from the Cape an accident occurred to the Bacchante. In the " roaring forties " the Bhip's company found that their vesseI*could roll more than a little bit. The adventures commenced on April 16,188L "This night we rolled more than we have ever done since we have been in commission. All sorts of things were carried away in the cabin, amongst others, a stanchion of one of the cots, which sent George rolling on the deck, amid other things that had fetched away. 'Something has happened,' and a good deal of laughter, were the first sounds that were heard after the crash. So no great harm was done." On April 29 there is the record:—"Rolling heavily, which is very trying to the temper, cannot read or write, stand, or sit comfort ably. Two of the wardroom officers, when walking on the upper deck, went over into the lee scuppers ; one broke his rib, the other damaged his eye. It was in the same roll that the port cutter touched water. When sitting at meals your chair has to be lashed to the leg of the table, and you have to hold the plate in one hand and feed with the other. Nothing will re main, anyhow, on the table. In the gun room mess we have now only three cups un smashed." Certainly, the most stable ship in the world was not selected for the cruise, and it says something for the Princes that, though they; could have changed vessels, they adhered to the Bacchante throughout It will be observed that in the passages quoted, "George" is spoken of as the sufferer. References such as this—proud allusions to the fact that "George now plays with our second eleven" —show that the moBt of the work is from the pen of Prince Albert Victor, but, on the other hand, mention that "Eddy led off the cheers," or "Eddy spoke in reply," indicate that Prince George is not without his Bhare in the composition. Mr. Dalton's additions being in brackets ore easily recog nised, but it is otton difficult to tell which of the Princes is speaking. It was while the Baochante waB greatly miabeh^vdfig herself i$|$s matter of rolling that therudddr-head gave, and it became ne< squadron haying beep iostsight: of in the gale—to bear up for Albany, instead of rendezvouing at Cape Otway. And bo it chanced that, while all was expectation at Melbourne, and while the admiral and the squadron were anxiously awaiting the arrival of the missing ship, the young Princes were en joying a scamper at KingGeorge's Sound. And a capital introduction the Albany adventure was to Australian life. The ship was not ex pected there, and the Princes had an oppor tunity of seeing a lonely part of the bush as it is and its inhabitants as they are, and not as both bush and settlers can be prepared for Royal visitors. They had a row up the harbour the day of their arrival, and they landed upon a sandy beach and strolled into a wood " full of paroquets who were laugh ing and shrieking "—as they can laugh and shriek in Western Australia. From tree to tree were hanging all sorts of creepers and parasitic orchids, and the dry calm air was filled with an aromatic or resinous odour; while beside the path which was cut through the wood were several strangely-shaped and brilliantly-coloured dowers growing. Cardinal Newman says somewhere that he often found it help him in realising tire genius loci when he first visited Rome to repeat over to himself as he walked the streets of the Eternal city, "This is Rome, is Rome." So we, as we wandered in these woods, scarce realising where we were, repeated to ourselves, "This is Aus tralia, is Australia," and tried to tuke in somewhat of all the name suggested ; wonder ing, too, at the odd chance that had led to our coming ashore at this out-of- the-way corner of the island continent, rather than at Melbourne,as had beentirstintended. Some of us strayed in one direction and some in the other, and as it was now time to get back to the boat, the wanderers were recalled by several "cooeys." It was getting dusk when we shoved off from the beach to row back across the smooth surface of the harbour, in which were reflected, as in a mirror, the rose, blue, green, and golden hues of the sunset; a lew streaky clouds alone were in the sky, and ou the water here and there were little scarcely perceptible catspaws made by puffs of wind. It was quite dark when we reached the ship, and the stars had all come out; there was no moon till two hours afterwards, ho ended our first landing ou Australian soil. Brick layers in Albany earn 10s. a day, the ordinary labourers 6s. Equally novel were some of the odds and ends of social life which were met with at Albany, including the inevitable American who has gone through the Northern war, and can relate "astounding yarns." If the Princes bud come Btraight to Melbourne they would have loBt all that, and they would have lost also a genuine bush excursion to a genuine bush farm house, where they had genuine West Australian meals of "minced kangaroo and scones," and where they dipped their panni kins into the milk pails set before them. They had capital bush hosts in the persons of Mr. and Mrs. Young. Mr. Young is " one of the sturdy early settlers, still strong and hale after nearly half a century of colonisation, whose stalwart sons now help him." "May he and Mrs. Young,"writes Prince Eddy, "for many years yet take life easily in the evening of their | days, and see their children marry and go forth to seek other homes, honest workers, with a shrewd wit to gather similar posses sions." The Prince chronicles with glee that he "caught an opossum up the traditional gumtree," and he declares that no milk, no bread, and no tea was ever half so good as that set before him on the occasion of this visit The mysteries of buckjumping were expounded to the visitors at the Young's, and altogether the princes picked up a maxi mum of colonial experience in a minimum of time:— Here is a record of one day's adven tures :— "May 20,188L—Left the ship at 9 a.m.with the wardroom and the gunroom messmates. Walked to the police barracks, and there mounted on horseback, and started with Mr. Lottie for Marblup and Wilson's Creek. . . Dr. Rogers overtook us, having started later from Albany; he was in an American cavalry regiment all through the Northern war. He gave us also many amusing stories of his ad ventures in other parts of the world. We rode on to Marblup, where we arrived about 4 p.m., 30 miles from Albany, at Mr. Young's farmhouse and clearing. The mantelpieces, the tables, the cupboards, and all the furni ture, are made of mahogany or the darker jarrah wood, and have a solid and handsome look. The broad, large inglenook, with seats on either side, looks uncommonly snug with the iron dogs for the logs. Mr. and Mrs. Young, their two sons and two daughters, gave us a hearty welcome, and after taking a draught of warm, fresh milk (of which there seems an inexhaustible supply all over the place), we walked up to j the small shanty in which we are to Btay. : This consists of two rooms completely empty, and with clean bare floors; each room has a large open fireplace and plenty of jarrah wood, a pile of which last is stacked in the verandah outside, so as to be conveniently handy for throwing on the tire all night through. Two grand wood fires are already burning bright and dry, such a contrast to what we have had for the last few weeks on board ship. A small two-wheeled cart that has brought our mattresses and rugs, and what few things we want for the night, has arrived before us, and we proceed at once to make our toilet in the open air, for there is plenty of fresh water in the tank outside, and a small wooden trough does duty by turns for each of the party. Bevis, a large kangaroo dog, a sort of huge brown Scotch greyhound, looks on as we make ourselves ready for Mrs. Young's tea supper, for which we went back to the farmhouse, and there every one was very hearty and jolly, and did ample justice to the fowls, minced kangaroo, the jam, cream, scones, and no end of beautiful fresh milk and butter, such as we had not tasted since we had left England (for there is none, or very little, of either of these two last in South Africa or in South America^ The day has been clondy, but without any rain, though everyone says there is every sign of it being wet and windy to-morrow, one of which iB that the hills in the distance are intensely blue. After tea found our way up across the paddock, to our night quarters, and there we slept as soundly as possible (nine in the two rooms), with the windows open and the fires burning. Two iron bedsteads have been rigged up in one of the rooms by the care of the good Scotchman who' owns the farm, and the rest sleep on mattresses spread on the floor, with their rugs Wjrapped round them. Them are two Sausofwi&hmUksetbat; for us, which some rink'fieat and others prefer to take mixed with a little whisky before turning in. Some fall asleep at once, others not so soon ; the American doctor's cheery ringing laugh sounding long on the quiet night air, as he and the commander tell alternately the most astounding yarns, each with a dcnoilmeni more Battling than his last. In the silent pauses between the tales, while they are col lecting their wits, we can hear the croaking of the frogs away in the distance on the bor ders of the marsh, and with these two sounds alternately ringing in our ears we fall asleep." We have attributed the sententious part of the narrative to the elder Prince, but a shrewd suspicion may be entertained that a sentence descriptive of the township of Albany belongs to the reflections, recollec tions, and experience of the younger of the Royal middies. The township is thus dis posed of"Bass's beer is here 2s. a bottle; the Albany beer is thick and heady." The mail steamer was taken to Adelaide, and the Princes contrasted the speed of the P. and 0. boat with " the leisurely and dignified crawl of a man-of- war." The compasses of the mail boat were found also to be far in advance of those of the service. At Adelaide the formal receptions began, but these over, the Princes Baw a great deal of the country. A kangaroo drive on Mr. Bowman's estate is described at length. The quickness of the bush horse is thus noticed:— " We had lunch in the bush—English park like land, wooded with gum-trees and she oaks, no undergrowth, only rough grass— making a fire, and cooking our own meat. Mr. Bowman Bhowed us how to make bush man's tea, boiling the water first in the billy, putting the tea on the top and then the sugar, and Btirring it up with a stick. After lunch we rode after more kangaroo on horse back. You can ride a kangaroo down after about two miles in the open ; we got 12 in thia way. Using kangaroo hounds, about 50 or 60 more were taken; the dulachiea and wallabies leap and bound with their tails off the ground; the kangaroo seems to use his asa lever, though really no kangaroo, unless by accident in uneven ground, when going fast, touches the ground with his tail. The tail balances the animal. When standing, or moving slowly in act of feeding, the animal has the tail always touching the ground. The Australian horses are very quick to turn, and when the bridle is merely pressed against one side of the neck, or when the slightest hint is given by the pressure of the knee, they are round in a second. And itis the same in driving. It was quite astonish ing to watch the way in which Mr. Bowman handled his pair, and whisked the wag gonette in and out and round about stumps and fallen trees, and all over the scrub, and coming home kept up abreast of the gal loping horsemen. Through the grass of the open there are broad clearings cut for roads, which reminded one of the "ridings" in the woods at home. This is done to check bush fires." Adelaide receives flattering mention. " Everything seemed like home, but there was none of the squalor we see in the out skirts of Liverpool or Manchester, and no poverty anywhere apparent Every where there is an all-pervading look of cleanness and freshness." " Nothing can be prettier," again we read, " than the outskirts." The journey to Melbourne was made overland—by coach to Hamilton. The rolling downs of the Western district re minded the Princes of Wiltshire. The train was taken to Melbourne. "Our first stop was at Ararat, at 10.15, where, while they were watering the en gine, we left the train, and drove roand the town. The singing of the British National Anthem on our return (they had an har monium on the platform, and the children divided—the boys on one side of the station and the girls on the other) was the best we have beard anywhere. There was a great crowd, and they were very enthusiastic. Then on to Ballarat, where at 1.15 we lunched with the mayor in the station. Started again, and only once more pulled up, at Geelong, where there was a jolly English peal of bells in the Bquare church tower by the station, which sounded very home-like as they rang. We arrived at Melbourne at 4.20 p.m. Mr. Berry, the grey haired Prime Minister, with the rest of his Cabinet, met us on the platform. After being introduced to each of these, we drove straight way up Collins and Swanston streets to Government- house, right through the city; the breadth of the streets and the magnificence of the public buildings quite surprised us. Both sides of the street were lined with people, who all seemed very pleased, and kept cheering away as hard as they could. Our first impression is that the buildings of the town are of darker hue and blacker than those in Adelaide, though much buger." Again, of Melbourne we read:— Few, it any, cities have ever attained so great a size with such rapidity ; old colonists remember cows tied up to the trees where the Town-hall now stands ; land then that was thought dear at £1 an acre now realises £500 per square foot, and plots which then were bought for £20 have been sold for £70,000. The parks, squares, and gardens are so numerous that with only one- thirteenth of the population of London it occupies very nearly half as great an area. Ten miles by aeven is its area, and into it have congre gated one quarter of the population of Vic toria, a country nearly as large as Great Britain, just in the same way as into London are packed one-fifth of the inhabitants of England; and as the population of London exceeds that of the whole of Scotland, so that of Melbourne exceeds that of the whole of South Australia. Whether, however, it be for the real advantage of either city thus to draw together to itself so large a proportion of the population may be doubtful. The rapidity of its growth and developement is a striking proof of what the enterprise of man and the power of wealth can effect even in one generation. Its edifices, under a sky usually clear blue (at midday Egyptian, in the even ing Mediterranean), rival iu appearance those of the older capitals of Europe—the magnifi cent pile of the Post-office; the gigantic Trea sury, which, when finished, will be larger than our own in London; the University; the Parliament-houses; the Union and Mel bourne clubs; the City- hall; the Wool Ex change ; the viaducts upon tne Government railroad lines—all are Cyclopean in their architecture, all seem built as if to last for ever. They are chiefly constructed of blue stone and in classic style, and therefore are ' almost as imperishable as the granite build ings of Edinburgh. Government-house reminds ns, in its out ward appearance, of the Queen's houBe at Osborne. It is built in the same style, iand with a equare tower 140ft. high, although all the interior arrangements are on a far more extensive scale ; the ballroom is. lorex&mple;, #T8ft. longer than the state ballroom at Buck ingham-palace. As the building stands on high ground it is conspicuous from nearly every part of the city. The Ballarat visit was evidently greatly enjoyed. An engraving is given from a photo graph of the Princes " in mining rig." Colonel Smith figures largely in the fore ground, but alas—such is the irony of fate— the name given at the bottom of the en graving to identify his figure is that of " Mr. Brophy." Another local identity, Mr. Ser geant, is, however, all right. Sandhurst also made a good impression. After "chatting about the city, the princes write :— After the width of the streets, the three things which every Australian town seems to make good provision for at the very first start, are—first, the devotion of large open spaces for the public gardens or reserves, when the plan is first laid down. These give an air of wholsomeness and space, and are planted out as recreation grounds and botanical gardens. It was the first Governor of the colony (1853-1854), Mr. Latrobe, who was the founder of these reserves. He secured the largest and best sites for parks and recreation grounds as lungs for the large cities, that he foresaw from the very be ginning would spring up. Secondly, the benevolent institutions—churches, schools, libraries, and hospitals, and the water supply and the fire brigades. The water, for instance, at Sandhurst, is brought from the Crusoe reservoir, six miles to the south. And the third thing we particularly noticed while in Australia was the fine buildings, that seemed to bear more than a due propor tion to the shopB and private residences, both in large and small townB. Of these the chief were always the banks. Banks lend money, and always require security; on this they foreclose, and all over the country are the stations that belong to this or that bank. The banks set capital afloat through the country. If the borrower is fortunate, ener getic, able, and industrious be pays his inte rest, wipes off bis debts, and blesses the banker. If he is neither one of them, the bank eats him up. They sometimes close their jaws on the squatters, and eat one of these up as well. Squatters, with limited capital, borrow money on the security of their station, stock, or wooL If they go too far they get embarrassed, and the end of em barrassment here, as in the old country, and all the world over, is the same. , The princes constantly observe that the enthusiasm of which they were the objects was meant as a demonstration of attachment to Great Britain, and not as any mere com pliment to themselves, and all through it is evident that a becoming modesty has been impressed upon them. Some of their observa tions are shrewd—even if the shrewdness be only in picking up the ideas of others. They noticed " the South Australian drawL" "To come in contact with such colonists," they remark of certain Scotchmen in South Australia, "is morally health-giving." Again, " Of the enterprising vigour of the Victorians there can be no doubt; the secret of theii energy lies in the fact that the Victorians, fo^ the moBt part, are full-blooded English immi grants, brought out to live in the exhilarating air oi Melbourne, the finest climate in th{ world for ' healthy men.'" They can be Bare castic, however, upon the protectionist pro< clivities of Victoria Thus, noticing the lay* ing of the foundation stone of the M.C.C. pavilion, they mention that the bats and balls are taxed as "articles from a foreign land." At Sandhurst, chatting with members of the crowd in a casual way without the people knowing who they were, they "asked one rosy-faced and sturdy young miner of eighteen whether he was an Irishman, a Scotchman, or an Englishman. He said ' No fear he was colonial born and bred. This is the way; a national feeling begins to arise." The following note on the voyage between Melbourne and Sydney is excellent, as show-) ing a boy's belief in the reality of ghost stories. July 11 (1881). At 4 am. the Flying Dntch^ man crossed our bows. A strange red lights, as of a phantom ship all aglow, in the midst of which light the masts, spars, and sails of a brig 200 yards distant stood out in strong re lief as she came up. The look-out man on the forecastle reported her as close on the, port bow, where also the officer of the watch from the bridge clearly saw her, as did also the quarter-deck midshipman, who was sent forward at once to the forecastle; bnt on arriving there no vestige nor any sign whatever of any material Bhip was to be seen either near or right away to the horizon ; the night being clear and the sea calm. Thirteen persons altogether saw her, bat whether it was Van Dieman or the Flying Dutchman, or who else, must remain un known. The Tourmaline and Cleopatra, who were sailing on oar Btarboord bow, flashed to ask whether we had seen the strange red light At a quarter to 11 a.m. the ordinary seamen who had this morning re ported the Flying Dntchman fell from the foretopmast cross-trees, and was smashed to atoms. At a quarter past 4 p.m., after quarters, we hove-to with the head-yards aback, and he was buried in the sea. He was a smart royal-yardman, and one of the most promising young hands in the ship, and every one feels quite sad at his losa IIAt the next port we came to the admiral also was smitten down. Daring their stay in Victoria the prince! appear to have been constant readers of The Argus, and they are fond of making extracts of the passages in our leading columns that struck their attention. Special prominence is given to an article in which we advo cate " an Australian Zollverein unties which the traveller would know no wuiuu vuc uaTcuci nvutu axiuw uu border line, and the one colony would ex change its products freely with the other.1' And the Princes, speakingof the "last Arguk we shall be able to buy in Melbourne," men tion its comments on their visit, and after, reproducing a passage promise to "carry the article away with us, and think over it." , The following passage, apropos ot federal tion, is credited to the Kev. Mr. Dalton, and is a fair proof of the discrimination which ha shows in all his notices Colonisation has a tendency to make people very practical, and disinclined to stand very strictly on theories. The quality in Australians which differentiates them alike from Englishmen and Americans is a certain rapidity of decision. This idea of federation, lor example, after fall discussion end well weighing the difficulties, has ripened in a day. It will not perish, but will most certainly' grow and develop info a and more vigorous .progeny. Fede means to all Australians, whether i or not assenting to this Federal "Draw us closer, firstf " the patent Opttntry." ■ i.. comprehensive scheme Or .1 , tion that all loyal colonists have all 