CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES. The monthly meeting of the committee of the chamber was held on Wednesday. There were present Messrs, A. Adamson- (vice- <*> president). A. W. Dobbie, J. J. Green, D. (Jail, T. Hardy, L. day son, and J. t\ Cam grave (eecretary). - A vote of bincere condolence with Mr. T. Hardy in bis recent domestic bvreavwneat nupasEed. Accounts to the amount of £9 12s. wen passed for payment. Tbe letter of Means. J. Mossop 4. Co. .with nferetice to the light duty upon soap wKitfh permitted the Victorian common soapi to acme in and compete with the local article hf.d teen referred so Mesrea. W. H. Borford and Sons, who replied, strongly nxgintr a ucifoim tariff with Victoria as to the line. At present Sooth Australian manufacturers were prohibited by the Victorian tariff from send rne their soap to tbat colony, bat Victorian soaps wen admitted itere. The Bemotiy to acknowledge tbe receipt, and inform 2£esars. Mostop and Co. that their representation would be conaidcred in tbe event of any ?wAn^wmmf of the tariff being proposed to Parliament, A letter \rm read from tbe Sydney Oh ?n bet of Commerce, acknowledgior the re ceipt of tbe xeaohitaoa of tb? chamber- to tibe effect that ocean steamer* should be urged to obtain their supplies from the coionies more than is done at present, and stating that the chamber was not disposed to interfere 'with the movements of prontietort of steamship* trading with the colonies. A Utter was read from the Ai*^'?"l'> Chamber of Commerce, expressing sympathy with the objects of the resolution, and pointing ont that the principle thetem enunciated was already carried ont to a very taiga extent, (and woold probably increase rather tjbaa.diminiah) in tbe matter of meat, veg?-. tablet, flour, and coals, whidh of course com prised a large proportion of tbe total con sumption. Mi. G. Ferguson, eeoretaty 8. A. Gam Trade AsMeiation, drew attention to the pro posed reciprocal treaty betwpan Victoria and j^npp^aiftFn^ mnA pfljnf-,^ ont the importano? of taking some decutre step* in ttie matter with a view to seeming the Queensland market for South Australian breadstuff*, biscuit*, jama and preserve*, wine and other products. It was resolved that Messrs. Adamaoo, Green, fiardy, and Grajeoc, and tbe secretary be a sub-committee to confer with the Com Trade Association and the Chamber of Commerce-on the subject Mr. F. W. Hicks, writing with reference to native bread, sample* of which had been sent to the chamber, stated: — "I believe Dr. Schombnrgk has two or three plants, roots, and ball of bread, complete in bis collection of fungi in the Museum of Economic Botany. They were supplied by Mr. G. £. Hicks, Balaklava, some five years ago, where they are to be found in thousands after a bushfire, as also in numerous other placet, including most parts of Kangaroo Island. Sue plant id in appearance a good deal like a mushroom, but' of a harder and coarser nature^ and is perforated on the under side with an immense number of small holes infrtcad of leaves like the real mushroom. The macs known as native bread is found adhering to the root or stem, Hometimes three or four beicg attached to the one plant. It is generally of a very gritty nature, although it is sometimes found lias compressed bran, and at others JDce eawduet with white streaks a good deal like mushroom spawn permeating the whole lump. The lnmp?, op loaves, axe to be found in the scrub nandhtils many feet below tbe surface, and as hard as stone, and are known to many people (who ace ignorant of the origin) as devil's dang. F?ar years ago, or perhaps five, I myself obtained a live specimen in an early stage of development, and placed it in the hands of the foreman of the Botanic Gardens, who said he would give it bu attention. The aborigines nail the bread toori. Down here on the barren ironstone, bills, and tablelands it is often found formed almost entirely of small ironstone pebbles. They grow in all sorts of coils, but are most purnerotrajrfter' a bush -fire, those found in very rich sofl being tbe freest from grit," To be acknowledged with thank?. 