? w'm&m;:&'m&m;®B;Wy. AGRICULTURAL NOTES Threshing is now advanced sufficiently to give some idea of what our .wheat crop s likely to average. We find that in the Creasy district on. some few farm's the yield has been up to expectation, but in the majority of cases the yield is : below the usual average. A similar state of affairs is reported from ! Bishopsbourne,' the '.Oak's,' Adelphi, Glenore, and Hagley; but.we'are giaa to near sne gram is in uiuon Detcer order than r was expected .after. so. 'much wet. y;The grain is small but sound; and froni what we can learn the 'general average' is between 14 and 20 bushels. .per acre; The oat crops are turning out' much/better than the wheat. Thoy. did' .not suffer so' much from the cold winds.in November or' the rust just before ripening.. '-WeVhave' heard or some exceptional iieayy . crops on the. marsh land at the Oaks, where;' some1 crops are expected to yield 80; bushels per acre. The .corn is well matured, being of tolerable height and full. We have also seen some fine samples from the N.W. Coast. A farmer from Latrobe.can sh6w,a sample that yielded 70 bushels to, the acre; the corn is large and full, but not bright) and we fear. the coast crops will suffer most from being discoloured.though the average yield '?will be larger than usual. There is DUTj iiGwe wiieau uuuor ttup, uuia yuur beyond Deloraine. The. English 'barley crops have been extensive, with tolerable good yields, but in nineteen cases 'out of twenty they are . more ;'pr ; less 'l :dis cdlbui$'di which ? has had the effect - of reducing the; expected valuid; ; The late barley has suffered , with ? ' rust, which' : has had a' damagingveffect to its plumpness,, arid so limch moisture: has caused a' second J growth, which makes the crop very ^difficult' to'harvest.' Potato cropsare good, arid the ' tempting prices ruling have caused a large quantity to find their way to market earlier, than usual, 200 tons having left Westbury atone iasc wees. . oeverai oi Due largest growers have more than half cleared already. ' There ; are : '? but few turnip crops to ' be, : seen, and farmers give as a reason that there is no margin between ' fat and , store stock, and it pays as well to do rothing for nothing, as to go to a deal of expense and trouble for nothing. . In any casi ainrnip crop would not'- be a profitable on ? this year. Grass is n.ore abundant at present than it has been for many years, and should the frosts not set in . early, ,we will commence the winter with abundance of feed. :;.. ? ;? ... .?;-,? ? . ... , .- : ??! To be successful the, grazier, must have a^ SUpply-oI-ai-y-toader-Sor- wiiitoJ!, ao-'wolt-fao:. green feed for summer, and it lays withi him to .choose the plant that- will best stand-.bhe: drought and the attacks of caterpillars. This advantage is claimed for the .: prickly i comfrey (Symphytum Asperrinvwm), ? which . has been grown , in England with great success, upwards iof 80 tons per acre having been cut there.' If farmers and graziera cultivated a small area in dry.seasons when milk and butter are scarce,'they would derive great benefit froni ' it, and they would be saved ' from scarifying : their stock when the price would: be below the average.- In giving an -.illustration we would extract from ? Mr. Hair, of Groengal Estate, near Hay, which states that it cost him -4s per head for. 40,000 sheep to. tide over a. drought, whereas af he had a few acres of comfrey he would, havesaved: .£8000. Eyery prac tical farmer would at once see the advan tage of growing a subsoil 2'lant like the comfrey. -If the season is good, and the crop of comfrey is not required for sheep, or- cattle, pigs can, be fattened right off with it, for it contains a great deal of ? sac charine. The mode, of cultivation is to plant- small pieces: of roots in rows 18 inches apart, and 18 inches between .each root. -The horse hoe once or twice a .year : will keep it in order, as its luxuriant growth excludes all weeds. n The. first, year 25- to 30 tons .cau;:be cut, vfche - second GO; and afterwards upwards of 80 tons -per ; acre: can be cut in ;three cuttings. Families keeping a cow on a small allotment would find a few roods of comfrey in the garden to cut night : and' morning a great help. Mr. JV Parsons, Upper Kingarooma, adver tises a small supply of roots imported from England. ; ?:?-.?.? The latest reports. of the -harvest in the northern portion, of New Zealand are very satisfactory. The, weather had been fine,' and. farmers were ? enabled . to stack their grain in good condition. -? ,.;-. - :-? ?-?,; In South Australia the farmers are doing, their best in preparing the land for seeding, but the ground is too dry to enable them to, get on as rapidly as they desire;.- and, what is worse, many of them are :obligedto use their teams for carting water, instead -, ?of. attending to .the cultivation of the land;-. A good fall of rain is much wanted.; 'Bush fires are prevalent in the hills and plains to the south-east and south of Adelaide ; con flagrations are raging, and doing damage to.property of various kinds. A good report, of cocksfoot, grass seed comes from the northern parts of. New Zealand. It is stated that the farmers on the Peninsula have had fine weather for getting in the seed, and the result so far! is very satisfactory. -The paddocks are all turning out far more than was expected, and the seed is bright, clean and heavy. If the weather keeps up so that threshing ?can be got on with- ancther week would see most of it safely,; in. Competent autho rities, say . that there will be between 40,000 anjl '50,000 bags this year. for export,, and .already several buyers are in 'the market.'. Sales have been iriade from 3-id , to 4d. per lb., but buy'ers.do^npt seem in;, dined, to give 'tliV latter' pries for, large; 'lines.. It is expeotedtliat 3Jd. will be the' ruling figure for.good seed. At', that price farmers will, average about .£3 15s worth of seed per acre, besides having six months' grazing, off -the land. Another .report; states that; farmers are refusing 4d per lb. 'for the seed. -.-.??; . . The result of the public sales of purer bred stock in the United States during the past year 'have been tabulated by. the Breeders', Gazette.- , Of Shorthorns 7057 head have been sold at an average 'of J321-. Last year thosales of only '1383 head Were; included. in the summary, and it is stated that the increase is mainly, due to the re-: suits of ? small local ; sales of low-priced pedigree stock having beon obtained; -.It is further pointed out that there has not been a-seasonfor many yearsiwhen so few really first-class cattle have been) on the market,' a!, fact unquestionably due to the prefer ence of the average breeder to 'hold fast to hid feood: things in periods of.- depression, and send to the auction block those animals' which can beat be , spared- . from the breed- ? ing herd. Of; Herefords 450 have been sold at an ? ; average . of £60; Aberdeen 'Angus, 180 sold, average i255 ; -Galloways,1 105 sold', ? average U35O ; Jersey, 1604' solt average J338 ; Holatein- Fresiaris/ 854 sold, average'; J238.. --.' :. ' '.'?. \\\ ..j .??.'.'?' The Dumfries-shire. (Scotland) landlords ar.6, ?'? says the ? Agricultural Gazette, setting': a rare example of sympathy with their tenants in the present depressed-state* of agriculture; j Many;. of them are making large reductions— from 10 ,to 20 per cent, on the rental— but'it is left to Mr. Brook',, of Hoddoni, to head the list by a wholesale : Martinmas last, and which .- would in ordi nary, course have fallen 'to be paid next: imonth; This same 'gentleman acted in a1 similar 'generous manner irtthe correspond ing half year of 1885. : Besides owning the ' fine estate of Hoddoni, he is one of the pro .p'rietors .of the Glaoe Thread ; Mills, near i Huddersfield, and it speaks well for the fcountry when one ' flourishing branch of ?trade is broughtto bear in so kindly a way on thp : reverses of another'. .At the same: time it falls rather hard on neighbouring proprietors, who may be 'expected to do likewise, £and yet have no- mills going to' keep their own pots boiling. ; Surely, the greatly in need of revision when such things are not merely accepted as a wel come boon, but as an 'actual necessity, if farming is to go on at all. It may be added as another instance of 'Mr. Brook's generous dealings'. with his tenantry, that while he is thus receiving little or no interest on the purchase money ;of the estate, he has put' all the. buildings.1 'from the largest farm house, ito' the lowest cottage;, into firstclass repair; 'Whowould not be:a landlord, to ebjby 'the : noble- privilege of doing- good ? and looking f orn'othing' again i I ? i !;.:'???: ^^'tJnclBrr'tho.-proDiclonoy- o£-; the ..Duke of' 'Westminster a ' society : has' been f orniedTiri. 'England . called 'the landowners' 'Associ-1 ation for the Voluntarv Ri-kDnBinn 'nP, +1-o: Allotmentssystom. The Vice-presidents in-' elude- several' well-known' noblemen and £entlemen;amongbthersLordTollemacheof Helmingham, who has - taken such -a' promi nent^parf in the creation of allotments and :s|nalli holding's.' ? Mote' than ISOhaving ?estates of 2000 'acres ) and. upirards1 (the Aggregate being l;077i882' acres) 'have ex pressed their approval of the scheme'.' ? The association 'has! been formedi;forithe pur pose of- extending the . practice^ already prevalent! bn^;' many- estates' 'of' letting small - quantities 'of land .'in ' allotments,' either of pasture for the' keep ofa-.cow,; or of arable forcultivation by- spade; labour.'. Its obj ects are : — To obtain arid disseminate ? ipforuiatiqnfrespecting the letting 'of -land'' in allotments, the formation -arid .manage ment of cow olubcJ;.; the temporary letting of land for i potato- -ground,^ etc.-1 2. To 'ascprtain ? and' : make;publio the extent to which' the' system- has: already been ap plied; andhow far tliodemarid for further extension exists.. ? /3. ? -To urge uponjland-; owners and employers of 1 ab jur thedasirable- ? ness, .' in [the,- interests - of all i three classes connected with the cultivation of the soil, of extending'the system till ;e very- resident ' agricultural! ?- 1 abburer ? i ! of s ? Igood '?- ' character has, should he 'desire -it, an allotment of land.? ?4,. Tocall-the attentioriof trustees of charity .lands'to 'tlie' provisions of ;the ?^ Allotments Act; 1882; TheEarlof Onslow lis acting as hbri. secretary at the temporary ! offices t of ; the association, ?7;! 'Richmond Terrace, Whitehall; ;* . ' Stringhalt is-rather prevalent just' how. 'About -Beaufort several ;cases have re sulted fatally. ^It is generally supposed to be- caused by eating too much of -that 1 noxious weed known as' flatweed in' some parts, and' dandelion in others, thoughit is :not the truedandelion; but hypochtDris radi-' ' eata. : - : Whether i the disease ? is; really, at tributed to that plant we are not aware, but it is spreading rapidly orer the.face of, the country, and being particularly luxuriant this year it- is (possible ;-that the affected horses may: haves eaten it ' to excess, and 'thus deranged the functions of the kidneys and other viscera.' ; '?'??'? -?? ? '? - ?? The Ndtidndl Live Stock Journal has recently published an illustrated supple ment containing representations of- the pure-bred Shorthorn steer Cleveland.winner of the sweepstakes prize as best Shorthorn and best yearling of any breed at the recent Chicago fat stock show, and also of the grade Hereford bullock Regulus.winner of the champion1 prizes as best beast in the show. Cleveland was 497 days old when slaughtered, his live weight at'the time of slaughter being 12051b., his average gain per day birth from being 2-601b. The weight of his dressed carcase was 8101b., showing a percentage of net to gross weight of 70-4. Regulus was 1306 days old when slaughtered, his live weight at the time being 22801b. His average daily gain from birth was i-791b'., and the weight of dressed carcase 15601b.; the percentage net to gross weight' of 68lb: ? ?' -'??'? ? '?? ; In New Zealand:the harvest work is being, carried on vigorously. The 'threshing machines are at work. The crops, as was anticipated from the prolonged drought, are not so heavy as usual j but the quality is not mucli affected, and the improved priceB,! especially; in oats, will in. a measure atone for a slight diminution . in the quantity.: Some farmers and cropporshave cut their oat crops green, and turned ;thevn into oaten: chaff,; but those growers who hive allowed their: crops of this.iceroalitp ripen estimate the -y ield . at about 30 bushels to the acre : in patches, however, up ,to , 35 bushels will be obtained. The wheat crop Will produce something like 30, bushels;,per aero. ;? Altogether, the .yield in. these dis tricts is as bountiful as, under the circum stances, i could have been expected. , The, root crops are, however, next: door to, utter, failures. Rain is.much required; and even, now many farmers , are -,- obliged' , .to . . cart waterseveral miles for their cattle.! i .-;;;.; ?The latest returns regarding, the 24 regi-, inents of regular. cavalry show that in ver, gard to horses this very important - branch of ithe army is still very weak; Omitting officers, who provide their own chargers, it appears that for about 17,500 cavalry The three regiments, of household cavalry, have -about 800 horses for nearly 1300 men, 'and- the line cavalry. 9500 for .over .-16,000, men. ' The disproportion is noi confined rto; regiments quartered at home, there: being! frequently a very wide difference in'ilndia between the number of horses and. of men supposed to be mounted.--- : .' '. -??.?,„' .-?.?;.;. The statistics laid ^before : thei National ? ! Butter, Cheese, and 'Egg Association, atits : late meeting in1 Chicago, surprised some people. Theyr- show, that the annual rvalue lofdairy products .in the United States is 100,000,000dol. ' greater than' ; thati of ' the entire wheatlcropi and 120,000,000 - (dollars greater thaiuthat df.tlie cotton crop.. .???,: . ; A circular i has -recently been .issuedi by . the 'officer'' in' chargcof the rabbit :brauch of the1 New! South Wales: Mines-Depart-; intinf. !-..- V.lin -rnbViit, innnpfitora. rfifnifiafcinir 'them to take immediate steps to inform all persons concerned of important alterations in 'the authorised rates of payment for the destruction1 of rabbits. -These alterations are as follow :— ' In; lieu of the department' only awarding- as subsidybri.amouhtspaid. by owners' 75 per cent; of 6d;per skin, the Minister has approved of- the following rates': — 75 per cent, will be awarded where the'amouhfcpaid'by owners-does not exceed Gd (as at present) j 66 2thirds per cent, will be awarded where the'amount paid exceeds 6d and does: not exceed; Is ; 50 per cent, will be awarded on all amounts paid as : bonus for1 skins ' exceeding 'Is.' The - inspectors are also requested to inform owners' that as these alterations will 'have ieffect: from the 1st1 January, last; ? their i e ubsidy claims for the current quarter will.' be dealt'-with: on'this'basis;';:; ;: i ? '.-????????» ??''?? '??:!?: '?? 