COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. (From our own CorresponclentB.J EDrFHBURGH, September L An Adelaide team ot iootballera — the Australs, visited Edithburgh to-day and played a match with the local club on the ground at the oval, which was very unfavorable for playing, ram having made ft sloppyahd slippery. Some of the players had nasty spills. The Australs proved themselves the stronger- team, and when time was called they had secured 5 goals and Edithburgh 3. The visitors left for Adelaide as soon as the game was over. The anniversary festival of the Wesleyan Chapel here was held to-day, the atten dance, considering the weather, being good. The weather has *-een cold and squally daring the hat three days, with heavy showers of rain and haiL The prospects for the next harvest so far are extremely favorable. EUDUNDA;, August 29. Crops and feed are looking splendid in this and the eastern districts, and there is every prospect of a good harvest. It has been both genial and warm to-day. GLADSTONE, August 30. The battalion drill arranged for the north and central districts, R.V.F., at Caltowie on Wednesday next has been postponed on account of that date being considered to come too close after the annual matches, many members not , having returned from these. We had heavy wind and a duststorm yesterday, but a fine rain fell last night, over 300 points being registered. KAPUNDA, August 29. The Rev. J. W. Platt gave a lecture to-night in the institute, his subject being 'Trades unions and trades unionism viewed from a Christian's standpoint.' The time of the lecture was fixed for 8 o'clock, after the churches had closed, and tiie hall was well filled. The lecturer announced that it was his intention to continue these Sunday public lectures if he received sufficient encouragement. Their object was to discuss political, social, and scientific subjects from a Christian's point of view on the platform. He traced the rise of trades unions, and stating their objects he showed, they were perfectly legitimate when the power such as they possessed was not abused. He closed by pointing out the duties of em ployers to men and men to employers, arguing that where both were educated to act up to these duties aright both would be co- partners in progress towards civilisation. The lecture was greatly appreciated. MAITLAND, August 30. Nice showers fell last night, and light rain is now falling. MANNANAR1E (via Yongala), August 28. On Wednesday last Mr. D C. Kobin son lost a valuable farm horse by death. On opening the ynrmg.1 a cancer weighing 11 lb. was taken out of the stomach. It had innumerable roots or leaders from 12 to 20 inches long. MHjXICENT, August 29. The weather during the past week has been warm and fine. The crops and grass are coming on well. GRRsOROO, September L The sixth and final competition for the Orroroo Company's medal took place to day. Lieutenant Yeates made 89 points, Private -Branford 87, and Private Brown 78\. The medal was won by Private Bran fcrd, with an aggregate of 262, Lieutenant Yeates making 256, Private Shillabeer 247, and Sergeant Kappler 243. Captain Addison fired, but not for competition, and scored 275 points The distances were 200, 400, and 500 yards, Wimbledon targets and scoring. PETERSBURG, August 27. The Petersburg Agricultural Society held a meeting to-day at the Junction Hotel, in order to settle last year's busi ness, and to arrange for the show to come. It was reBclved that the society hold their annual show at an early date. The weather is grand, and the crops will come on well with the present warm atmosphere. PORT AUGUSTA, September 1. A concert was given in the institute hall last night by the children of the public school, assisted by local amateurs, in aid of the school band funds. The house was crowded to the doors, and a capital programme was rendered to the satisfaction of the audience. Mr. Maley wielded the conductor's baton. The holiday passed off quietly. The weather was beautifully fine. PORT GERMEIN, August 30. Another splendid rain fell hist night, 570 points being registered, making 4| inches for July and August. PORT P1SIE, August 30. Sunday was fine and summery, with a warm north wind blowing, but about mid night rain came so copiously that in about five hours 620 points were registered. This will give such a further impetus to crops and feed that the best results may be anticipated. PORT PIRIE, September 1. To-day was observed as a public holi day. The Beetaloo football team met the local club, and a good game took place in the presence of five or six hundred ladies and gentlemen. The match waa even till just before time was called, when the visitors secured another behind and goal, thus making them winners by 2 goals 5 behinds to 1' goal 3 bebinds. The junior cricket clubs of Pirie and Gannein also met on the same ground, the local players winning by two runs. TANUNDA, September L Heavy rains with hail fell yesterday, and the wind was very high. The rainfall for July was a little over 2 750 inches, and for August 4 500 inches, against last year's July 2*250 inches, and August 2'250 inches. The holiday passed off quietly, only the bank and Government offices being closed. WALLAROO, August 30. The weather yesterday was boisterous, and a drying wind blew. During :he night, however, splendid showers fell, 240 points being legistered. The crops promise to f-xceed the Treasurer's estimate of 7 bushels. Wesleyan Jubilee services were held at Kadina and Wallaroo yesterday, the Revs. C. Knight and C. T. Newman contacting the services. Mr. James, vocalist, as sisted by singing three solos. There were large congregations in the evening. WALLAROO, September L The case of King versus Pearce Brothers, in which the plaintiff sued for £6 damages, caused by a bushfire last February, was tried to-day at Kadina, before Mr. Shepherdson and a ' fury. Xhe evidence was conflicting on the question of damage. The jury returned a verdict for 2§a. Joseph Ashwood has again been arrested for larceny. WILLUNGA, August 28. Brigadier-General Owen, accompanied by Captain de Burgh, inspected the Willunga Company of Volunteers this afternoon. Forty-three members attended*. The general congratulated the company' on the improvement made since bis last; inspection, and complimented tie men on the cleanliness of their dress and ac coutrements. He impressed upon them the necessity for each man to endeavor to improve his shooting. 