Melbourne. January 31. Tile eldest son of Charles Hampton, re siding at Coburg wheu the late awful tragedy took place, went raving mad after the fuuerai of his sister, aud has been remanded to gaol. The eldest daughter has also become very excited, and attempted to tear the bandages off her wounded arm. jurs. iuaruu, tue wue oi tue uustom House officer statioued at Williainstown, was drowned iu the local baths ou Wed nesday eveuiug. She fainted suddenly iu the water, aud although she was res cued almost immediately, died before the tbe doctor arrived. The Colliugwood Council have resolved to prohibit the Salvation Army proces sions. Many of the suburban councils which formerly permitted them are now restricting them or forbiddiug them, as they lead to disorderliuess, besides an noying the residents. An action has been laid against Mr. J. B. Patterson, M. P., for disparaging refer ences to the Rosstown Railway, made iu his speech at Castiemaine. The damages are fixed at £10,000. Air. Gillies addressed his constituents at Echuca ou Thursday. In his speech he strongly recommended the continu ance of a coalition mihistry, and ex pressed his opinion that certain land should be reserved for education pur poses. At the meeting of the Wesleyan Con ference the Tonga secession was under discussion. It was resolved to express sympathy with the loyal members of tbe denomination in their present troubles, and to recal the ministers now iu Tonga, with a view to replaciug them by others who have not been involved iu the dis turbances. Bishop Moorhouse has consented to speak ou behalf of the Bush-fire Relief fund at a meeting to be held in the Town Hall ou Monday eveuiug next. This will probably be the last public meeting at which the Bishop will appear prior to his departure for England. His Excellency the Governor held mi Extradition Court iu the Executive Council Chambers ou Thursday morning. Two Frenchmen, who are alleged to be escapees from New Calonia, were ordered to be sent back to that islaud. A banquet was given by tbe Trades aud Labour Council ou Thursday even ing to the Hon. Jacob Garrard, Minister for Works. The Hon. J. H. Young, Minister for Public Instruction, ami several members of Parliament were pre sent. Mr. Garrard was accorded a good reception. A collision took place in the river Varra on Friday, between the steamers Nemesis aud Nelson, by which the latter was seriously Injured. The Nemesis, which was bouud for Sydney, was leav ing the wharf, and was swinging at the Falls Bridge iu order to get her head down stream, when the Nelson, which was leaving for Warrnambool, was moving up stream. Tbe Nemesis came on straight at the Nelsou amidships, aud cut her almost down to the water just abaft the mainmast. The Nemesis went on apparently uninjured, but the Nelson hauled back alongside the wharf. Her cargo was shifted, aud her passengers had to defer their passage. The extent of the damage is not at present known. At the Port Melbourne Police Court on Friday morning Captaiu Roy, of the steamer Afghan, was proceeded against by the Customs authorities under the Chinese Immigration Restriction Act for having brought to the port fifty-three Chinamen who had not become naturali sed, and who were in excess of the num ber the vessel was entitled to carry. He - was fined £100 Notice of appeal was given on behalf of the defendant, who contends that he was no party to the fraud in question. The removal of the Melbourne H( spital was alluded to at the annual meeting of subscribers on Friday, and it was agreed that a special meeting be called to fully debate the subject. Alexander Lr wrei ce, late teller in tbe City of MeJoourne Bauk, and who con fessed to embezzling £9000 belonging to the bank, was brought up at the City Cours ou Friday, and committed for trial at the Crminal Court. Professor Kernot, President of the Royal Society, consented to actas umpire for the Board of Arbitration appointed by the Employers' Union and the Trades Hall Council, to go into the question of the dispute bet .?een the wharf labourers and the shipowners. Ou Friday night the house of a farmer named John Plum, at North Wangar ratta, was burnt down, aud his dead j body found in the ruins. According to the evidence at the inquest it was shown tbat Plum had £300 in the house last last week but none of it was found after the fire. On Thursday a Mrs. Stephens, who is separated from her husbaud, a Waugarratta publican, was seen sitting with Plum in his house, and she lias since been arrested pending further in quiry. The Wesleyan Conference concluded tbeir sittings on Saturday. A protest was entered against the Salvation Army in playing a brass baud ou Sunday after noon in the streets, thereby causing dis organisation in the Sunday schools. A motiou was carried that while not ap proving of all Mr. Stead's methods, the Conference expressed sympathy with him in his efforts and his sufferings in tbe cause of public morality. Dr. O'Dolierty left by the M.M.S. Sydney for Europe on Saturday. A num ber of IriBh residents saw him off'. February 1. The three unfortunate girls of the Hampton family, Coburg, are being care fully looked after, but the second eldest daughter at times is very troublesome. The mother and the eldest son are iu Melbourne gaol, and the latter is very violent. The inquest on the body of the girl who was killed will he resumed on Wednesday, but it is unlikely that the surviving girls will by that time be able to answer the charge which will be brought against (hem aud their mother. The Geelong races were concluded on Saturday. The weather was threatening and tbe attendance not numerous. The pleasure of tbe meeting was completely marred by a sad accident jn tbe Steeple chase. Patchwork struck the second fence, and coming down heavily rolled over tbo rider, who sustained an exten sive fracture of tbe skull, and died almost immediately. The results are as follow : Foai. Stakes. — First Prince, I ; Par wan, 2 ; Buttress, 3. Won by a length aud ji-half. Juvunii.k Stakes. — Donald, 1 ; Da mocles, 2; The Men, 3. Won by two lengthH. Sti:i;i'u:('hasi:. — Native, J ; Bob Cooper, 2 : Joes, 3. Indian, Queen, and Patchwork also started. Won by three quarters of a length. GIJEI/ONO Handicai'i — SI.O'Dille, 1 ; Claptrap, 2 ; Ringmaster, 3. There were six starters. Won by two leDgths. Time, 2m. I5secs. ? Belling Btakbs.— Goldlop, 1 ; Try me, 2 ; Repulse, 3. There has been a startling change in the weather, which is now very wet and cold. 