CHAPTER II. A SHORT FAMILY SKETCH. The reader has no doubt already recognised our hero, Arthur Landon, in the person of the young bushman who arrived so opportunely, and so heroically rescued the little Nina from the jaws of tba devouring element on "Black Thursday." Arthur Landon, though young and not very attractive in appearance, possessed may qualities which, in the bush of Australia, would entitle him to the claims of a hero. Brought up under the watchful eyes of fond and virtuous parents, and naturally brave and honourable in his disposition, possessing most of the accomplishments necessary for a bold and thorough bushman - thees advantages, combined with a warm and affectionate heart, made him already a great favourite with all who knew him. His father, George Landon, being of respectable parente in the mother country, took his paasage out to Sydney when Arthur \- who was the eldest of the family - was but two years old. His mother had been married before to a young member of an aristocratic family, and an heir to an estate, but he died suddenly after the birth of an only daughter, leaving bis young widow - who he married without the consent of his parents - unprovided for. His relations took charge of his infant daughter in order to bring her up in a manner becoming an heiress to an estate. The widow, thus uncared for by her late husband's relatives, at last consented to become George Landon's wife - he being a suitor of hers before her first marriage. This last act closed the hearts of her first husband's friends against her, and deprived her of receiving any favours at their hands. George Landon, whose means were not adequate to keep the style to which he and his wife were accustomed in their former days, and before all their little capital should exhausted they resolved on emigrating to Australia in order to better their circumstances. Then they could put up with many inconveniences and be free from the critical gaze of the fashionable world. George Landon had not calculated on the heavy expenses of outfit and passage money, and on arriving in Sydney he found his small capital at a far lower head than he had anticipated. He, however, possessed a manful heart and persevering mind, which made up for loss of capital. After remaing a short time in Sydney, he had been advised to purchase a few head of cattle and horses, and to find some grazing country when they might increase in a short time. But after purchasing the stock he found out by experience that the grazing country was not as easily discovered as he expected, and, after shifting from one place to another, he at last found some rough country in the Maneroo district, at the foot of the Australian Alps. In this wild region he settled down with his stock for a short time, when he waa joined by a decent and industrious Irishman named Haley, who had been lately married to a nice country girl of his own. Being within four miles of each other, and their runs joining, the two small squatters became a great help and protection to one another. Thus they lived for years on the best footing and in perfect harmony, while their families and stock increased. They had to go through a good deal of hardship, as may be expected, for the first years of their squatting, until their children grew up. But that succour came by degrees, especially to Landon, as Arthur soon became an active and useful lad in the bush among the stock. Haley was not so fortunate, for his eldest child was a daughter, and four years Arthur Landon's junior. Nevertheless, Kathleen Haley soon became useful, and could ride as well through the wild ranges as any young stockman in Australia, for she had an excellent tutor in Arthur who took great pains in her equestrian instructions. Arthur also often gave Haley a hand in mustering, branding, and looking after his stock, as well as his own father's ; and as Kathleen - who was growing up very fast like all other native girls - rode with him on these occasions, a close intimacy sprang up between them which at last developed into a more tender feeling. We have already given an imperfect sketch of Arthur's looks and, although they were not calculated to make a " heavy impression " on a female'a heart, nevertheless Kathleen Haley diacovered certain attractions in her young neighbor's bronzed visage and piercing black eyes. Although she kept these impressions sealed within her young and virgin bosom, she often acknowledged to herself that Arthur was the only " perfect " young man that she ever beheld. Nothing was done properly unless he had a hand in it. She would not ride a young colt unless he had the broke it in. Her saddle, bridle, or any other little article belonging to her riding gear must pass through his hands ; and even her habit and other dresses had to be left to his judgment before she would wear them. We must not therefore be surprised that with all the confidence placed in him by his fair neighbour, Arthur could not resist loving Kathleen. In addition to such strong claims on his affections, there were far greater charms connected with the young lady, which would prove fatal to a more experienced heart than our hero's, for Kathleen Haley waa one of the most beautiful and lovely creatures that the world ever produced. To give even a vague idea of her looks is not in the power of my pen to describe ; the reader, therefore, must form in his own mind a being possessed of all the beauty and innocence of our first mother before her fall. The golden tresses falling in their wanton and natural state around the swan-like neck and shoulders. The pure and healthy rose which mantled the blooming cheeks ; the sparkling and bewitching twinkle of the dark blue eyes ; the sweet and enchanting smile of the full and pouting lips, which rivalled the redness of a cherry ; the well-set and exquisite ivory teeth ; the well-rounded and child- like chin, and the broad, but not too high, marble brow, and, above all, the elastic and graceful form, whose unrivalled mould was ravishing to behold, when its fair owner rode her spirited steed with such confidence and ease over all the obstacles which the wild and hilly country presented. It may be a bold statement to make, but it is nevertheless true, that it is questionable whether any other spot under the sun can produce such feminine loveliness, natural simplicity, combined with sprightliness and vivacity, as the wild bush of Australia. The exciting and healthy exercise they indulge, in riding spirited horses over rough and dangerous country, brings forth all their courage and nerve, and gives them that blooming appearance of countenance and to their eyes that sparkling and brilliant light. The Australian native girls brought up under the careful guardianship of virtuous and pious parents, untrammelled by the formal and artificial customs of town societies ; their hearts and minds uncontaminated and uncorrupted by worldly scandal, or the seductive whispers of the unprincipled libertine, live in their own pure atmosphere of perfect innocence. Such characters may be rare, yet there are some, and Kathleen was one of the number. She had enjoyed all those advantages which improve the virgin mind and instruct it in all those moral habits so conducive to a virtuous life, for, besides her own parents' unimpeachable example, the more ladylike and refined manners of Mrs. Landon Arthur's mother - inspired the fertile mind and quick perception of Kathleen Haley with high and lofty principles rarely met with in the bush. After giving the above sketch of the fair Kathleen, we must not leave in the shade another beautiful flower in this wild forest. Eliza - or Lizzie she was more often called was Arthur Landon's eldest sister, and a dear friend of Kathleen Haley's. Lizzie Landon, although of quite a different cast of beauty, was to some people's taste more lovely. Her hair, eyes and eyebrows were black like her brother Arthur's, but her skin was as white and pure as the driven snow, without any colour in her countenance save a slight delicate shade when riding or taking exercise. Her features and figure were faultless, and there waa an irresistible expression of langour in her liquid black eyes which gave a charm to ber pale countenance, and filled the soul of the beholder with admiration. Lizzie's manner and temperament was more refined and meek, with less sprightliness and vivacity than her fair neighbour and companion, Kathleen. She was also more timid in riding, and her whole characteristics were more reserved and lady-like probably after her mother, whose polished manner she strictly imitated. She seldom rode with Arthur and Kathleen over the ranges when after stock, except on special occasions, or for exercise or pleasure. We must not omit to mention here that these two lovely flowers did not spring up without some necessary culture, for their parents - particularly Mrs. Landon - notwithstanding the pressure of household duties, took every opportunity of teaching their children, so that they could read and write well. Arthur supplied them with books ; whenever he paid a visit to any village or town he invariably bought a supply, among which were some of the best and latest novels of the day, and we must admit that "Scott," "Bulwer," and some celebrated lady writers had a share in forming the young minds of these beautiful children of nature. Thus they grew up in their innocence and loveliness, unconscious of their many charms and that their graceful forms were developing and verging on womanhood, until Arthur returned from his trip to Melbourne after " Black Thursday." when they had attained their thirteen years. We must now enlighten the reader as to the reason or business which brought our hero to Melbourne, and which directed him towards the Upper PIenty as referred to in first chapter. Arthur had been entrusted times before with the sale of his father's and Haley's stock, both in Twofold bay and Gippsland markets, where he disposed of them at satisfactory prices, considering the times. But this season, as these places did not ofter any inducement regarding prices of stock, he accompanied a notable dealer named Jack Trenton - or Tantrum as he was often styled - and who will make a prominent figure in our tale. Arthur accordingly joined his mob with those of the celebrated Tantrum, and, after a fatiguing and scorching journey through the "snowy j mountains," Gippsland, and "Ferntree gullies," arrived at last in the great metropolis of Victoria. Unfortunately, at that time, and before the golden era which was soon to follow, the markets were glutted, so that they were obliged to sit until a rise in stock should take place, and had therefore to send them to a paddock situated on the Plenty, from which some of the horses broke out and strayed to the ranges. Arthur had been in search of them on that memorable morning, when the bushfires drove him out. The reader is already informed of the narrow escape he had on that occasion, and all we have got to say now is how he acted after leaving Mr. Whitford's - or rather Calder's residence. His garments were still wet, as may be supposed, after his long soaking in the pond, but this, instead of discommoding him, proved a great comfort on such a scorching day. His horse also benefited by the bath he took, and carried its well-experienced rider safely to Melbourne, from whence he sent a medical man in post haste to the poor invalid. It must be remembered here that our hero's thoughts dwelt upon many speculations while on the way to town. The strange impressions made upon his sensitive mind by the invalid mother and her little daughter occurred to him an every occasion ; nor could he drive her beautiful and delicate looks from his eyes. But her voice held a more powerful impression on his imagination, "How very like my mother's voice !" was an expression which often escaped his lips. " And that sweet little girl ; how fond I got of her all at once," he would add, and the whole event appeared so strange and mysterious. A few days after this the strayed horses wen found, and an improvement in the stock market had taken place. They accordingly disposed of the whole mob at a fair price. Our hero, although a very abstemious young man, enjoyed himself on his first trip to the city. Every novelty presented in that grand place was observed and imprinted vividly on his mind, particularly the plays at the theatre. " Romeo and Juliet" had been enacted on one of these occasions, and our hero, who took great delight in reading Shakespeare's plays, for the first time beheld them acted. He consequently took immense delight in the same, and determined to store up in his mind that and all other novelties he had seen, in order to repeat them to his sister Lizzy and playmate Kathleen. Notwithstanding the fine dresses and other artificial improvements in the persons and faces of the Melbourne ladies, he could not see any among them who could rival Kathleen in beauty as he thought. But she was only a child as yet, in his imagination, who he had known from infancy. Thus he argued to himself until his return home. 