More Extreme Heat. DESTRUCTIVE BUSHFIRES PREVALENT. ABOUT a week of fiercely hot weather has now been experienced, and most people are anxiously looking forward to some change. As one of the consequences of the great and long continued heat, grass, scrub, &c.;, has been rendered extremely inflammable, and fires are the order of the day. For some days past the town has been almost obscured with the smoke from the scores of fires at present raging in the forest country, south of Camperdown. It would seem from the meagre accounts which have come to hand that nearly the whole country is ablaze from about Warr- nambool to Cape Otway. The coach drivers report that destructive fires were burning from Wednesday last around Pan- mure and Garvoc. There were also large fires about Ecklin and Keyang, from which Mr. O'Bryan and his tenants are said to be heavy losers. The Dixie home- stead, which has been recently purchased by Mr. McClause, from Warrnambool way, was also threatened, and it was only by the utmost exertions of Mr. O'Bryan and his men that the property was saved. As a matter of course a lot of fencing, a great part rabbit-proof, and grass have been destroyed; but so far no houses have been burnt. Large fires are burning in the Cobrico district, and the settlers have been kept on the alert to prevent heavy loss of property. Round lake Elingamite, and along the banks of Curdie's River, there have been several fires, whilst at Jancourt and Tandarook the element has been par- ticularly destructive. At Swan Marsh there has been a very large fire during the week, and some of the settlers at Mount Porndon are stated to have had recourse to extreme measures to protect their pro- perties from its ravages. At Carpendeit, and away towards the Otway Ranges, ex- tensive bushfires have also been raging, and along the coast line as well. As far as can be gathered many of these fires have been ignited by some of the selectors themselves, in order to have what is called a "good burn." In numerous instances, however, the fires, as might be expected at this season of the year, have escaped, with the result that great damage has been done. The heat during the last three days is considered to have been in excess of that on January 5th 1886, and the preceding days, and the danger from fire is now considerably greater in consequence of the condition of the grass, which is more plentiful than it was this time last year, and considerably drier. A former resident of the district, now revisiting it, and who has consider- able experience, gives the warning that the greatest care will have to be exercised by landowners in the Western district to prevent a disaster far more terrible in its results than the memorable fifth of January last year. He anticipates that from the present time until the beginning of March, property owners will have to be on the alert to prevent the fires from breaking out of the forests and sweeping everything before it on the plains. There have lately been two or three rather formidable fires on the properties abbutting on the Camperdown and Terang line, now in course of construction. One originated close to the site of the Marida- yallock railway station, and a stretch of country over a mile in length, and a hundred yards or so in width, was soon smoking and black. A number of men had to be constantly kept in the neighbor- hood long after the flames had been got under, to prevent another outbreak Reports to hand last night from Cobden state that some of the fires have proved disastrous to farmers. It was rumored that Mr. T. P. Errey, of Cobrico, had been burnt out, but the correctness of the report could not be verified. Mr. C. K. Rose, of Nelson and Rose, auctioneers, received a telegram last night to the effect that his father's selection had been over run by a bushfire. A quantity of fencing was destroyed, and the garden was also scorched ; but the house seems to have escaped. Parties who were at the Colantet sale state that the whole of the forest south and east appeared: to be in flames. (Telegram From Our Correspondent.) Melbourne, Friday Night. The heat to-day was 135 degrees in the sun, the same as yesterday, but it was more intensely felt. No rain reports have been received from the other colonies. The latest new from Newfoundland states that there is intense excitement there in consequence of the refusal of the British [illegible] [illegible] 