THE VEGETABLE PRODUCTS COM MISSION". . The Vegetable Products Commission sat on Tuesday at the Lands Department. Present — „ Mi- W. Madden, M.L.A. (in the chair), Mr Buchanan, M.L G\; and Messrs Knight and Baird, and J. J. Stilliriglaw, secretary to the Commission. Tlie taking of evidence "n the question .of forest conservation was resumed. MfjJ'arncs fJliackell, MX. A., one of the members for Rodney, said that he was director . of the Echuca and Moarha Jamie's Mackintosh Redgum (sawmills Company, and had large ex perience of the valueof the redgum forests along . the banks of the Murray River. Red g urn was the best timber that could be used for railway e'eepcrs, bridges, piers, and other public work.?, aiid withstood exposure to water for any length of time. Witness produced a piece which had been obtained in the bed of the Muiray, where it had probably lain for ages without deteriora tion. The waste now going on in the cutting of timber should be stopped, and the denuded To'rests should be replanted. If the saplings were put hi 8ft. apart, in Tour or five years they . could be. .tliiurie'l out. one-half, and the best saplings left. About 330 trees would then grow to the. acre, and in 30 years hence these would be worth about L2 each to the eawmiller. At this rate each acre replanted would produce L22 per aunum, or an aggregate of LOGO per acre ; and no other kind of culture that he knew of would- produce so much. Hence it would be worth while for "tlie St ite to begin replanting, but if the yuug forests were to thrive they mast be .kept free from stock, and precautions taken against bush-fires. He was in Tavour of placing the forests of the colony under th'e con trol. of an indepvndeiit board that would be re sponsible only to Pdriiameut and the Minister, similar to the board hich had control of the railways. li it was thought judicious in order to make the supervision more complete, a sub- board'nliglit be ajwirit-d in eaeli district. The improvident use of timber might be checked by requiring Tallers to' restrict themselves to a certain prescribed area, instead of cutting trees anywhere .tliey chose. It would also be desir able to require tirhber-cutteis lo remove the . WjJP.A't idwin " mvu itdiivU) tin 110111 tu|J4 Sprang myriads of weak and crooked saplings. . If economic meamrea were not . adopted, the best of the timber in Victoria would be exliausted in. a few years, and there would be no timber coining 011 to replace the forest that lnid been 'CijiiMublcd. Forest laud should not be alienated, and ( tlie fee for cutting limber ought to be in-- creased. - Th'd b -st lands for planting with eucalypti would be the lands which had already bfeeii denuded of that kind of trees. j , The. Chairman intimated, lliat thcC oiniiiissi"ii , wqu|d iakfe up the Hubjects of tobacco anil en silage. 'I'he value of ensilage, especially, cuin- iiiended itself to the sMotilion of theComniission, : for. .wiiilu- in Bouth Australia they had gained home-i inhumation as to what might be ac- bompliHh'cd hy means of tho silo which would be ' klmfiat 'incredible if the evidence had not come froth qri'miiiitpenchable source. .In lite interest .bf stoc'dw'ners the Comhiisaion hid invited cx- perts ori 'the subject to make knowh the results 'of their ex'p'encncfe. 