An, Outing With Shire Councillars. (BY "AGRICOLA"). "A trip to the forest country with men bers of the Hampdenshire Cuuncil o shire business is not, ua rule, thodr affair one might reasonably expect. Ad in tuiog the word "dry" it is well pel haps to explain that the meaning to b here attached to the word is not th opposite of wet, but, let us say, tho racers of " pleasant. " The councillors a Hampdemhire hare recently conceived i to be a good plan, in all cases of doubt where public money is to be expended either to visit as a body, or depute somi members (for they are all trustworthy) t( inspect sod report. The plan is to b recommended from two points of view It takes away some unnecessary responsi bility from the engineer, and enable councillors to become better acquainted with the requirements of their con atituentj. At last meeting, the counci had before them the question of an ex penditure of about £100 on the Prince town road, near "The :Mill," Scott'i Creek. Tenders had been invited, but for reasons already known,! .'none .was accepted. . At the same time a letter wai submitted from the owners of the saw mill, Messrs. Jl'Crae and ■ FulUrtoo. pro testing against any farther expenditure on the road in question, and suggesting the adoption of another route, which the} averred was more suitable for traffic. Il was decided to invite froah^'taoders, returnable at next meeting, and the East riiling councillors were invited ia the meantime to inspect (he locality, and report at next council meeting. The road in question is in the West riding; but the East riding members were requested to act, as it was more " approachable " from Camperdown. Saturday last was the day appointed for the visitation. The E**t riding veteran (Mr. Walls), who had with him the shire engineer (Mr. King), drove out of Camperdown sharp at seven: a.m. About an hour and a half later his two juniors (Messrs. Taogye and Taylor) tooled along the Cobden road behind a fast pair of horses. These councillors ' wera not alona. They were accompanied by Mr. Fullarton, and the ever-present, I might add irrepressible, member of the fourth estate. The morning was just ■ a trifle warm, and as the day advanced the heat increased, until it- became almost un pleasant As we leave the town there is a very pretty view of the show yards and the Laura farms nestling at the foot of the twin hilU—Leura and Sugarloaf— green patches of cultivation extending more than half way to the summit of the latter. A little farther on, but on oar right hand, are the agricultural holdings on the Waurong estate, where promising crops are seen. Beaching the crest of Donald's Hill, and looking westward and southward, a magnificent pano ramic view arrests the attention of all. Right ahead of as are the holdings of the Tandamok farmers, brilliant with the colon of the approaching harvest. Extensive patches of bright yellow mark" the fast ripening crops of barley, the dark green tints are suggestive of oats or wheat, whilst another shade of green designates the potato crops. To the left are the •'rolling pastures" ot Purrnmbete, Jan eoort and Tandarook. The iron roofs of the houses in the village of Cobden gleam like glass in the distance. The Otway Banges rise np in "stately grandeur" to the couth-cast, the sudden dip in the country marking the erratic course of the "softly flowing" Gellibrand. The back ground is the Heytesbury Forest, beyond which are the waters of the Southern Ocean which fret and break against the rock-bound coast. At our backs nestling in "a bower uf brilliant green" is Cam perdown', and beyond the lakes and far extending plains. The. improvements made by the Tandarook farmers are farther evidences of the changes effected by means of agriculture. Those bills, covered to theirsummits with waving corn, and decked with colors that would tax the ingenuity of any modern painter to faith folly reproduce; those hollows clothed with verdure on which browse contented cattle and fat sheep, three years ago were covered with blackened trunks of trees. The ruinous bracken grew where there are now luxuriant crops, whilst the rabbit took fine care that he had the first bite of green grass after the winter rains. The same evidence of improvement is visible everywhere even till after Cobden is passed. It is said that "huge streams from little fountains flow," and according to some the beginning of these improve ments was brought about by the rapid in crease of that apparently insignificant animal—the rabbit. Owners of the forest covered land found that under any cir cnmitiHicm they would have to "part" if not with their, property at any rate with their money, and perhaps the first lost wat regarded as the least. * At any rate the land has changed hands; in many. in stances it has been sold, and in others merely leased for a term of years. If it is a fact that the rabbit has brought about this change who is there dare say that it has been an unmixed evil 1 And there are people who aver that providence has employed the rabbit as a more powerful agent thin the capitalist, or that band of capitalists known as a "syndicate," to place the people, on the land that fa their birthright. The signs of rapid improvement are manifest on every hand as we drive along to Cobden. The Messrs. Downs' land, at one time a dreary- looking waste, and rabbit in fested, is already giving evidence of its real value once it is stripped of the thick Undergrowth with which it was covered, and divested of a Urge portion of the dead timber. Cobden itself shows proof of the change, by its expansion on all ■ides. New buildings are going np on •very hand, whilst the "city" looks younger and brisker than it did three, ot sven two years ago. A short stay to inspect a road improve ment opposite Mr. Clarke's residence, and we are off along the Port Campbell road, down Mefldejohn'a Hill on to the Princetown road, and up the Bed Hill. There are numerous firms on both sides, all of which have been cleared and made ready for grazing or cropping, whilst on many there are healthy looking crops. The pall up the Bed Bill is a long one, bat an the way we get fine glimpses of the Tandarook and Koortmoolong proper ties. Both have evidently been going through the refining process, and a large amount of clearing has been done with beneficial results apparently. The rab bits, I learn, have been the chief trouble ; bat there is now some hope that they have been got well in hand. After .getting to the top of the hill a few farms are passed; but the appearance of most of the crops is not at all cheering. la some cues I note that efforts have been made to establish orchards, and seemingly with a large amonnt of success. I endorse the views of some of my companions that the Heytesbury forest, from the nature of the ■oil and the coafiguration of the country, might be made the garden or orchard of Victoria, and to a considerable extent of Australia. It has been proved that numerous kinds of fruit grow to great perfection there. The immense competi tion ia other fields of labor, such as grain-growing, cattle-raising, ie, should teach the foresters a most useful lesson as to the direction in which their efforts should be concentrated. A little farther on and we enter the forest, or the rem nants of one. The blackened items -of "scorched giauU" may be seen , through the thickening mass of green •hoots that are forcing their way upwards lathe effort which Datura alw»ys puU forth in search of light and air. It ia WMTjririntf to nntio< tbd of joung timber that v growing op; but it is .tfll more surprising to learn that it U Ukine the place, with the destructive bracken of the verdure thatooceclotaedtheground There v no fence or sign of improvement to be *een ; but the land U freehold. The timber and the bracken in the near future will aftord ample cover for the rabbiti that will be the terror of the induatriotu farmers in the immediate neighborhood I doubt very much if it ii not at present an extensive harbor for those petti. A few miles further on and we are on the top uf the hill overlooking upper Scott'a Creek. The road down this hill was the one which the councillors had to inspect to ascertain whether another route recommended by the millownen was its superior as regards the gradient. I was not one of the appointed judges, and my views would probably have little weight. Shire councillors, as a rule, fancy them selves just a little bit, and though the day i before their election they know as little I about the formation or gradients of roads as the "man in the moon," (who has probably no roads unless those of his own making, to trouble his life) a few | months after theevent they giveexpresaion I of their opinions with all the air of a full blown C.E. I write now of councils at a whole; but I really think the j East Riding representatives are of a different stamp. Well, the road down which we went was decidedly steep and awkward. It was undoubtedly a one- sided road nearly the whole way down. As we approached the bridge over the creek we passed through a rather deep cutting, the bottom of which was decidedly rough. I should fancy the winter experiences of that cutting would bo the reverse of pleasant. The approaches to the bridge and the bridge itself were rough, indie it ive of boggy ground in the winter. After crossing the bridge the road could be seen taking a winding, though very per pendicular course up the hil£ The mill itself is scarcely visible until you are almost upon it. The immense heap of sawdust is the most prominent object in the landscape ai first, behind which are tha engine and the sheds. The mill has been in its present position for several years, and has dona good work as the pioneer of settlement. 1 quite agree with the part owner,' Mr. Fultarton, in the belief that the sawmill does more to "develope a conntry than anything else. The bushfire is lauded by some; by others it is regarded as a thing accursed. It des troys the undergrowth no ionbt; but it leaves the trees twisted one with the other in a manner that almost defies the axe of the clearer.- The sawmill removes the timber, and distributes it in a more useful form over the country. . The bul lock teams open np roads in what : were previously impenetrable jungles, and the nature of the country can thus be seen.' It is claimed that the sawmill opened up the previously undeveloped resources of the Scott's Creek district. The plant seems to be very complete, and is capable of turning out about two waggon loads a day. ■: ■ After refreshments we ascend the hill to the south.. It is now high noon. The nys of the sun beat down with tropical fierce ness, and induce a copious perspiration, and the occasional use of strong language— as a-relief to our feelings. The scene from the hill top amply repaid the trouble, however, as from it is gained a magnifi cent view of the thickly wooded valley of Scott's Creek, from its rise among the horse-shoe shaped hills, to the vicinity of the settlement some miles farther down. After an inspection of the deviation, as proposed by Messrs. M'Crae and Fullartou, and of a suitable site for a new bridge, the horses are harnessed, and we set out in a homeward direction. Crossing the bridge we turned to the right, and followed the road which the millownen desire to have made. The gradients are undoubtedly mach easier on this road than on the one traversed in the morning. The horses prove this, as when they reach. the top of the hill, after, the ascent, they actually show less signs of distress than when going downhill before dinner. However, Twas not oue of the judges, and there-, fore, "hold thy peace" ahould be my motto. We were not long in getting back to Cobden, and we reached Camperdown about five o'clock, delighted, as far as I am concerned, with the trip from the evidences of increased prosperity that I was enabled to witness all through the district. 