MELBOURNE. (fi;oM oun own cor.niaroxDENT. 1 Saturday. Some tlnys ago, it will bo remembered, a deputation of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia waited on the Premier and, amongst other requests, asked that ho should have the question of the uniformity of laws relative to life-saving apparatus brought under the notice of the Imperial Conference. At present the British laws provide that British vessels shall cany boats,etc., in proportion to their tonuage, but those of America are based upon the passenger capacity of vessels, and in view of recent marine disasters tho society wish to see the latter law adopted. Consequently Mr Gillies has telegraphed to the Agent-general, asking him to sub mit the subject to the conference. Mr W. Ferguson, the Inspector of State forests, reports to the Agricultural de partment that great devastation has been caused in the forests north-west of Mount Wilson by the recent bushfires and storms. Immense quantities of splendid timber have been destroyed. In somo ) places, where tho country was thickly timbered, scarcely a tree is now left stand Tho following typhoid cases were re ported to tho Central Board of Health this morning:—East Melbourne. I, fatal ; Daudenong, 1 ; Alfred Hospital, 14. These come from—Melbourne, 1 ; Col lingwood, 1; Prahran. 1 ; Richmond, 4 ; Llotham, 1 ; South Melbourne, I ; Ascot Vale, 2 ; II aw thorn, 2 ; and St, Kilda, 1. Tho action taken by the Government in accepting tho proposal of tho Chali'ey Brothers is still meeting with opposition in ccrtaiu quarters. Mr Langdon, M.L.A., sent to the Water Supply de partment to-daya formal protest agaiustso large a tract of land being alienated in the manner proposed. The Minister, however, relies on the fact that the views of Parliament are being carried out. There has been some fear expressed that South Australia might give trouble as soon as tho Chafley operations at Mil dura are entered upon. The department, however, have no apprehensions on tho point. It will be found that the lovel of the Murray in South Australia will not bo interfered with, and the colonies of Vic- i toria and New South Wales would havo a I right to the water from the tributaries of the Murray flowing through their terri tories. Still, apart from these considera tions. they do not think South Australia will be unfriendly in the matter. Tho Premier has offered the prospecting boards which do not care to single out cases for special recognition a way out of their difficulty. ilo wishes them to report tho rolativc merits of cases, but says that if they desiro it their com munications cau be considered confi dential. I There seems no reason to expect that a Colonial Defence Commission will be ap- : pointed. A commission has been talked of in the press, but Mr Cillies has heard | nothing about one, and states that tho fullest information in reference to the defences has been furnished. Tho P. ail way Commissioners decided to-day, after considering the evidence of the enquiry into the circumstances of tho railway accident at Spencer-street, that tho engine-driver, J. Ward, should bo reduced to the rank of fireman for six months, with a loss of Us a day in wages. The fireman's offence was considered a minor one, and he was only fined three or four days' pay. A writ for £2000 damages has been served upon Dr. Anderson, of Footscray, for alleged malpractice. Mr Thomas Moileson, late of Australia, who died recently in England, has left a bequest of £5000 to tho Melbourne Uni versity, for two scholarships for modern languages, to be known by bis name, Conversational knowledgoof tho languages will be deemed the best test of the can didate's fitness. (By Electric Telegiufu.) Sunday Night. Mabel Thomas, aged 16, is missing from lier homo in East Melbourne. Sho went out to purchase some things, and it is supposed that sho was decoyed away. Michael Doyle, a teamster, got into tho company of a loose woman early this morning, in Swanston-atroet, and was robbed of a Jiank draft for £305, and seven pounds in cash. No arrests have yet been made. Mb H. Kugelmann. Proessor of Organic Medicne, of New York and Melbourne, 1 directs special attention to his advertisement, 