THE particulars given elsewhere anent a deputation waiting upon the Commissioners of Railways on Tuesday last with the request that the towns of Lilydale, Franks ton, and Beaconsfield should be brought within the suburban radius, and further that Sunday trains should be run on such lines, will be received with considerable surprise by many in this district, for no one whom we questioned on-the subject appeared to know anything about it. Although the members of the said deputation more particularly representing Lilydale may have had the best intentions —and we give them full credit for their action—we must protest against this hole-and-corner mode of procedure. A deputation advocating increased railway facilities which is not known of by the most prominent business men of the town is not and can not be a representative one, and no matter how energetically they may advocate their claims, and impress them upon the authorities, their .cause must suffer for their temerity, as they lack the necessaiy influence to secure the object aimed at. We, of course, cannot speak for the other towns, but as regards Lilydale this deputation was, to put it mildly, rather a surprise to us. And this brings us to the point which we wish to place more directly before our constituents, or at all events the residents of lilydale. The spasmodic attempts which are being made to obtain some amelioration of the difficulties under which the town labors will, we are afraid, never bear fruit, or at anyrate, will not have such a convincing effect as would the efforts of a united body of the residents. This mode of working has been attended with unqualified success in other centres in which the leading men have thrown small jealousies on one side and entered heartily into schemes for the improvement of the town and district generally. A Progress Committee, elected in public meeting of the townspeople, the members of which, being residents of the town and intimately acquainted with all the wants and requirements of the place, and who are prepared to advocate these claims, knowing that they have the countenance of their fellow-townsmen, will have more weight than any number of these trifling and unauthorised deputations. Let our townsmen band together, form a Progress Committee or a Vigilance Committee — for the functions are synonymous—and we will be prepared to give them our support, while we believe they will also receive the support of the majority of their fellow residents. And increased railway facilities would not be the only subject with which they could deal There are such other wants as a Water Supply, Increased Postal Accommodation, and minor matters ad infinitum would no doubt crop up at various times were such an association formed. VISITORS to lilydale are in the habit of expressing their wonderment at the fact that the township is not in possession of a racecourse, and this feeding is considerably intensified when it is observed that all the districts round about can arrange race meetings and profit thereby, while we in the centre, so to speak, are content to run along in ahumdrum style .not at ail in accordance witih our show of prosperity. We have in the immediate vicinity some of the most conveniently situated land for the purpose of a racecourse to be found perhaps anywhere in the colony. There are flats within a mile or so of the town which are in themselves natural courses, and it speaks very little for the perspicacity of the founders of the district that such spots were in the £ist place allowed to be alienated. But the good and pleasure of their fellow man does not seem to have actuated them—self, and self only, would appear to have been the ruling spirit, with the result that lilydale, perhaps the only town of its size in the colony, is without a recreation ground of any description. But although such a state of things does exist it is not too late to make an effort in the direction of organising a racing club. We believe that arrangements could be made with some of our landowners to allow of race meetings being held on their properties, and such a course is not without precedent, for there are numerous towns in the colony where such a practice reigns, and the meetings are brought off with great ecldt. And if meetings are brought to a successful issue elsewhere, why should not a similar result follow here 1 To obtain confutation of our statement we need go no farther 1 away than Yarra Flats, where the annual meetings of the Evelyn Turf -Club are' held \in Mr. Thomas Armstrong's^addpck^nd we are fully convinced that oujtlocal landowners would he equally amenable to persuasion. There are many persons who will argue that racing lias a "demoralising influence," &c.;, hut so have a great many other things which are accepted without a murmur by the " unco guid." On the other hand, no one can deny that an annual race meet-: ing in any town has the effect .of causing a considerable amount of money to circulate, which would otherwise perhaps not-be brought into circulation, and it also serves as one of the best advertisements for a district extant. A good annual race meeting is talked about and discussed in places' very remote from the scene of operations : it serves to attract visitors from parts widely removed as well as locally; and indirectly it causes a town to assume an importance heretofore not expected. If such can be said in a general sense, how much more forcible is it when Lilydale is brought into the question. Here we have a town which is becoming more and more popular every year as a resort for pleasure seekers, in the shape of picnic parties and so on, and the very fact of a race meeting being held here would have the effect of attracting a large number of viators. Of this, we opine, there is not the slightestdoubt. And these visitors must spend money. The surrounding districts have recognised this, and are far and away ahead of lilydale. The Yarra Flats meet we have already mentioned; the residents of Warburton are agitating for a racing club in that practicallyremotelocality; and lastly the Worri Yallockraces are to be held about Easter next, and, strange to say, a considerable amount of the total sum required for the last named races has been collected immediately in Lilydale. We can support outside meetings—and we don't object in the least to that— but we cannot somehow or other get up a race meeting of our own. The very fact, however, of subscriptions being freely given for outside meetings evinces the presence of a latent sporting spirit which it only requires a little working to bring to the surface. There is ample time even now to arrange a meeting for the 24th of May, and we hope to see the matter taken up by some of our prominent townsmen, when we believe it would be brought to a successful issue. ST. JOHN'S CHUECH.—On Sunday last the annual " harvest festival" was celebrated in St. John's Church of England, Lilydale, when the Rev. S. C. Kent, of St. Silas' Church, Albert Park, officiated morning and evening. The church was veiy nicely decorated, and the choir rendered efficient service. CHURCH OF ENGLAXD, WAJTDIN.— The Rev. S. C. Kent preached in this church on Sunday last at 3 p.m., when there was a fair attendance, the probable danger from busli fires having the effect of keeping many persons away who would otherwise hare been in attendance. In connection with this church we may jnention that the opening tea meeting, fruit soiree, and concert will be held on Wednesday, March 9th next. The tickets are going off fairly already, and from all appearances there should be a large gathering. As INEBRIATE.—At the local police court on Friday last, before Mr. J. Rourke, J.P., Archibald M'Auley was charged by Constable Patterson with being drunk and disorderly. The man was knocking about Mr. Baker's Olinda Hotel on the previous evening, and appeared disinclined to leave when requested, so the constable locked him up. The constable stated, that M'Auley was not very troublesome, and he was ordered to pay 5s. with the alternative of 24 hours. - ROWDYISM.—At the Lilydale Police Court on Friday, the man John Murray, who had been on remand from Yarra Flats on the dual charges of using obscene language and assaulting the police, was brought before Mr. J. Rourke, J.P. From the evidence of Constable Arnold it appeared that about 4 p.m. on the previous Monday the prisoner was using disgusting language in the street, and when cautioned, proceeded to give his opinion of the constable in rather forcible terms. The usual result followed, but Murray resisted most violently, and in the scrimmage tore the constable's uniform and damaged his helmet, the damage being about £2. Murray pleaded hard for leniency, but His Worship inflicted a fine of 10s. or 48 hours for the first offence, and also for assaulting the constable a fine of £2 with £2- 12s. <kL costs, in default 14 days' imprisonment. He elected to " take it out." HEALESVTLLE RAILWAY LIKE.—The construction of the railway line from Lilydale to Healesville is being rapidly pushed forward, and the contractors, Messrs. M'Neil and Bath, are doing their best to get the work finished within the next ten months. The line is about 18 miles in length, but there are considerable works in connection with its formation. The pile bridge crossing the Yarra is li miles long, and 300 piles have already been driven, though the red gum timber has had fco, be brought from Nagambie. Twenty bullock te&mB; ana l2 six-horse teams are constantly engaged hauling material, and altogether 800 men are. employed on the works. This week the contractors commenced the cutting of 60 feet deep on the Healesville side of the 7 chain tunnel, which forms the principal engineering difficulty on the line. THE AMY JOHNS COHPANY.—This company appeared for the second time at Parr's Hall on Thursday night to a moderate house. Miss Johns was very successful in her songs and dances, and repeated by request the favorite ballad * 1 Killarney," for which she received loud applause. Messrs. Wilkinson and St. Clair were well received in character business, and the entertainment concluded with a laughable burlesque entitled the "Sleep Walker."; IKDECEKT EXPOSURE.—John Donnelly was charged at the police court on Friday with this offence, committed at Yarra Flats. Constable Arnold was not prepared to go on with the case, as some of his witnesses had not turned up, and applied for a remand for a week. Mr. Miller, who appeared for the defence, raised no objection, and the application was granted, bail being allowed—himself in £20 and one surety in a like amount. DaoNKs.—At the Lilydale Police Court on Monday, before Mr. Rourke, -T.P., John Garfcrell and John Jones were each arbitrarily requested to contribute 5s. to the general revenue, or to accept of Her Majesty's hospitality for the term of 24 hoais. WORRI YALLOAK RACES.—In deference fco the wishes of some of the principal supporters of the club it has been decided to further postpone theWorriYalloak races to Easter time. * As there is generally a lengthened holiday just about that time there is likely to be a good gathering, and some fair sport ma£ be looked forward to. M.U.LO:O.F;—The local lodge of the above are making great preparations for the celebration of their anniversary on St. Patrick's Day, 17th March. The proceedings will be opened with a grand procession, after which sports will be held, and the day will be wound up with a concertain the evening. We understand that a large number of visiting brethren are expected to put in an appearance, so that the fun -should he fast and furious. SNAKES.—These reptiles appear to be unusually plentiful just now, and reports are coming in daily of encounters with them. Of course, we are provided with the usual grain of salt wherewith to season these yarns before swallowing them, for snake yarns are as notorious as fish yarns as regards distension. However, during the week, one gentleman brought into this office the skin of a brown snake measuring 4 feet 9i inches, which would appear to be a tolerably large one. JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.—Although Mr. F. Laidlaw, manager of the Colonial Bank, has been gazetted on the roll of Justices of the Peace for some weeks he has not yet been sworn in, and the police are still at times put to considerable inconvenience in obtaining the services of a second justice to adjudicate. It is to be hoped this difficulty will .soon be overcome. CREMATION.—A correspondent informs us that a couple of working bullocks, the property of Mr. D. Mitchell, of Cave Hill, were practically cremated one day last week. From his statement it appears that a team of bullocks was engaged in hauling something to the kilns when the leading pair toppled over into one of the burning kilns, and it was with difficulty that the couple immediately behind them were saved. TROUBLESOME CUSTOMERS.—Mr. W. O'Neill conducted himself in such a disorderly manner at Yarra Flats on Sunday last as to bring upon himself a caution from Constable Arnold, whom O'Neill promptly advised to pay a visit to a place that is popularly supposed to be paved with good intentions, and to be somewhat hotter than Lilydale. He was thereupon arrested, and on Tuesday was presented before Sir. Rourke on two charges of in suiting the police and using threatening language. After hearing the constable's evidence O'Neill was remanded to Friday (to-day). Lawrence M'Samara was also charged on Tuesday with insulting behaviour at Yarra Flats, and remanded to Friday. FIRE BRIGADE.—We are pleased to see that the remarks made by our contributor, " The Magpie," are likely to bear fruit, as Mr. Archd. Windsor has taken the matter up, and is now open to receive names. A meeting is to bs held^shortly, when doubtless the whole scheme will be laid before the public. We would urge upon those having charge of the movement the necessity of pushing on the matter, of striking while the iron is hot, so to speak, and let us have the satisfaction of knowing that in the time of danger we have at least some assistance at hanp. A LOCAL Wrs.—At the last Moonee Valley races Mr. J. R. Heniy pulled off the Maiden Plate of 50 sovs. with his chestnut gelding, Sir William. The distance was five and a half furlongs, and the time 1 min. 12 sec. Sir William went to the front early in the race and was never overhauled, winning easily by a length. THE "AGE" ASXUAL.—We are in receipt from the publishers, Messrs. David Syme and Co.. Melbourne, of the AGE Annual for 1887. This valuable publication is increasing in interest year by year. Its contents comprise information on political matters not to be found in any other publication of its kind, agriculture, shipping, etc., and in facta vade niecum" which, once tried by the travelling public, would always ba in request. THE SUBCTSBAK RADIUS.—OnTuesday last Mr. L. L. Smith, M.L.A., and Dr. Dobson, M.L.C., introduced a deputation to the Railway Commissioners from the residents of Lilydale, Beaconsfield, and Frankston, with a request that these dis tricts might be brought within the suburban radius, and that Sunday trains might be run on those lines. Mr Speight, in reply, pointed out that a very material reduction in the fares to those places had been made recently, and that as there was no finality in these matters the radius would be extended if tie department found that the traffic justified it. Sunday trains had to be dealt with by .the Governor-in- Council, and although the Commissioners were quite of opinion that whenever Sunday trains were extended Lilydale should receive attention among the first, they were not prepared to make a recommendation to that effect just now. He, however, recommended the people interested to wait for a little, when there would probably be a change. THE WEATHEK.—Since our last issue we have undergone a change from intense heat to beautiful mild rain, and the change has been both pleasant and beneficial. The rain, which commenced on Monday in the Wandin district, had the effect of putting an end for the present to tie many bushfires raging in that locality. EXCELSIOR BAND OF HOPE.—The usual meeting of this body was held on Tuesday evening last, Mr. Hubbard in the chair. After the .usual opening service recitations were given by the following:— Misses C. Perrin, Flo. Addis. L. Symes. G. Harmau, Ada Sebire; Masters W. Fuller, Bebire, J. Perrin ; -Messrs. J. S. Hooper and Hubbard. A musical selection was also given, "There's a light in the window for thee," by Mr. Mitchell. Miss D. Perrin presided at the organ during the evening. The meeting closed with prayer. A TRUMPED-UP CHARGE.—At the Lilydale Police Court on Wednesday a most peculiar case was heard. A man named Holding, residing at Yarra Flats, on the previous Friday engaged a man named Andie Santoncey to look after his place for the day. The latter, it seems, towards evening, went away on some business or other, which being discovered by Holding, this individual had Andie arrested, in Lilydale on Tuesday for u illegally deserting his hired service." He was brought before Mr. J. Rourke on Wednesday as stated, when Mr. Dixon appeared for the defence, but this was hardly needed, as the bench dismissed the case at once. Ax IK CORRIGIBLE.—In our last issue we gave some particulars of the career of a lad named Phillip Keough, who was brought before the lilydale bench last week on a charge of illegally using a horse, and was returned to the Industrial Schools. Keough was only taken down from here on Tuesday week, and on Wednesday he again managed to abscond direct- from the Royal Park Reformatoiy, in company: with nine others, and we liavc not yet heard of liis recapture. What his nest; move Trill be is a mystery. | notmthafen^® TOS falling a' fsembled.^ from-stfituiffaj merits of tig- Suffice it to - A lm-^-ii 7 * ] to iiiiifcn^ irJi induced at tan Each number • indeed have been c Buswptdk. J3U5HFIEES which has faU a has had -< bushfires i for the present s - i S K S f f i . giBhly f OT several fl.™ 011^ done some good a ^ ' v . have cleared a , ^ and other nH&JWf; which of coutterf ^ owners; while in oft!.^ considerable damage grass- Mr. JoC jW?* 1 about the heaviest C1-- the fencing on one ofli" been destroyed in oftJiegr^^&TSy; Mr. Hand estimates his 1® But for the exertions of& however, there would t been more damage in ^ instance m the case oTwhose house was at oaetiZ; able danger;and also thT Messrs. Hogg and feilaj mills, which we menti A rumor was current m & m. John Bergi hadW pletely.on Saturday, bat TeS[ say that such was not fe est SCHOLASTIC.—Several teachers have been nade i, b- lately. Mrs. Peterson,^ connection with the Wanfe^ has been transferred to Si' carries with her the good friends. Miss M'Willi^ - our respected senior-cotta^ Miss M'Coll at the Yerin; ^ hear that other changes art on SHIRE TENDERS.—The I of Lilydale call for tenda, works, returnable by Satmia Particulars will be found r' tisement. MOUNT VIEW ESTATE^ day, the 26th inst., MessaC Ham, in conjunction rai Jit will submit to auction tier tion of this estate. LAXD SALE.—ATIENTKE the advertisement in aioaa the Land Exchange and 1® of an extensive sale of lami i Mr. D. Mitchell. GOVERXMEST LAMJ BIN Crown lands in the and Gembrook will be Mi E in the rooms of Messs. FES Queen- street, Melbourne, i 8th March next. REDUCTION IS THE PHG —We are glad to hear tk has taken a step in tha i reducing his bricks iron 2 thousand this should mis build in brick rather than the saving alone in UKSIET or three years would i most the same. 