' ", J Sworn to *? Mtut?r, of no Scot nm 7," ?' B ' and fear not." Site £inflUto? &rflus; WEDNESDAY, OOTOBKft 19tu, 1837. LOCAL AND GENERAL. r THRTNowcaatlo b&kerB; hnyo reduced tho SCvprice of biead from 3Jd to tfil per 21b losf, Tit* Marino Hoard Inquiry into tho rcco?t ncoideat to ttia M*itUnai? to bo commenced in Sydnoy to-day. §77 Da BiGKAttD Hahrib, an aged praoti. tionsr and much respected gentleman in the Nowcastlo district, Is seriously ill, 4 " Mibb Cox, head teachsr in the West ( Maitland Superior Public School, has been C' 'presented with an address and testimonial prior to her marriage. ,~, OiousTa are reminded that entries for tha bicyclo events in connection with tho half- holiday sports to take place on 3rd : ' November close with tho Seorctaries to * ''morrow (Thursday) night. \\\x are in receipt of " Centaur's " racing record for the month of October. Tho volume is a dictionary on racing events, aud , - ,ahculd prove invaluable to sporting men. | 1 Tuta pries is only sixpence. * *- TUE business at tbo polled court has for rorno timo been very qniat. Considering .that we bavo a largo district, supervised by , J nothing undor ooe-stripa constables, it must no concluded that wo aro a quiet aud friendly ,j people. X" " AitsaKOEMBBTs have boon made for n riilo match between teams from tbo Single ? ton, and Muswcllbrook companies rcspec in tivoly. Tbo match will tako place on the Muswellbrook riflo rango on Saturday after noon next. i< Wk direct attention to the snlo, by Mr O. K. Young, at Goodyer's hotel, to-morrow „„„ Clhursday), of lots in Corinda estate, con '*'t, tslntng rather over 148 acros of cnlllrated and grazing land. Tbo estate is close to Belford and consequently within easy distance of tho railway line. . < On Monday night a rumoar gained currency to the effect that Mr L. Mackay, vt Du'calmeh, had that evening met with an nccideut in Sydnoy, whioh resulted in the . loss of his life. How tho rumour got abroad *~ wo are unablo to state, but wo are pleased „l- ,to inform our readers that tho report.is without the slightest foundation, in'! There was only one case set down for hearing at tho police court yesttrday, that '>? of trespass—S. Brooker, v George Lawrence. The defendant pleaded guilty, and the Bench v fiucd him 10s, 6s Od court costs, *U Is pro fessional costs, and £1 10s three witnesses .* '? oxpcnws, to bo recovered by levy and dis tress, or, in dotualt, 14 days' isoprisonment. Tho li ao was paid. ~ Tub winner of the Canlfield Cap; Oekleigh, will be remembered as having been under the caro of John 'Moore, of Maitland, some few yean ago. He ran at Singleton races when Hasard won the double, and was but very little thought of then. Ho is by Koodoo (who was exhibited at the last Sioglotou ?how), ont of Adelo, and has, therefore, good — " breeding, Geobob Fanw was fonnd guilty at the MaUland Circuit Court on Saturday, of assaulting a woman named Eiizabelb Davey 'with intent to commit a rape, at Hamilton, ,- ; ; ,near Newcastle, on 29th May last. He wa? , sentenced to seven years' imprisonment, with leave to petition at the end of five years, if his conduct during that time was without ?( 'reproach. ? ? The united Sunday schools of Singleton i v .? are, we understand, to be addressed en tsuuday next in tho Mechanics' Instituto by > the Roy. H, T. Uobjohns, Agent for N. S, ' Wales, of tho British and Foreign Bible 8o:lety, In connection with thin and the >? auMiat meeting of tho Bible Society, we are rcjtiC-tcd to stato that a united choir will meet for practice at St. Audrow's Church :.:> to-morrow (Thursday) evening, ' A TBLEttiiAii from Brisbane states that " Mr John A. Larnacb, the iirst bauk mana !" gcr appointed at Rockhampton, died on Fri day last faom tho effect of burns. It i? suppesod thot he lit his pipe while in bad, oni then fell asleep, the pipe igniting his elotbea and envcioniog him in flames." It will be remembered that Mr Larnnch wbb manager of the Bank of New South Wales in Sirgteton some years ago. Tub entries in all the matches of the en suing meeting of the New South Wales Rifle Association shows a great falling off as com pared with last year, Tho Queen's has a decrease of 37, Nursery 01, Tjro 89, Ladies' 39, Members' 13, President's 23, and tho — Champitu 4. In tho All-Schools Carbine —r-Match thorn-ate-103 entries, as against 72 l?Kt_3 ear.jlThift bo' doubt is owing to tho re:cut action of the Government in lower- i.ij{.the.strength of-tbu -several corps in the c jlouy,_ jp tho town throughout "2L Singleton 1 unacrweut yesterday whs " Where is the Cjip.iration rVVaterrpart and why is it. not into use"?'" "Various explanations— whofly r.volved from the imagination—were ' .tendered, but no one seemed sufficiently ootnerraut with the facta of the case to give ' a lcply that could receive general acceptance. ' x .Whrther tho tank eeuld not bo drawn on for a supply of water, or the water cart itsolt ' " had beeoma unserviceable throupb lack of u-ii it is not for us to say. The only thing of which we can be sure is that—nothing was done. '* 'TiVb 13th, Htb, loth and 16th numbers of Picturesque Atla? of Australia are now being in this district. This portion coni .. mences with Melbourne, the frontispiece y jbciagn splendid illustration showing the niadHificaut houses of Parliament (bs yet, however, more complete in the pictorial re prefontatiou tnnn in roality). Streot Ijlimpses of places of note, and sketches of quiet outlying plcabiire-Kardeus or sylvan i> ' uoohs. Tho loth number opens with a gully sceue in the Blue Mountains, but the re mainder of tho views aro purely ViotoriaD, one—Krskine Falls Loruo—being especially attractive. The description leads along the south-west coast, but before the 10th number is retched the Ballarat district is touched on, ~! and the cities and towns of inland Victoria '"' rectivo notice. Ballarat, Sandhurst, Stawell, Castlercaine, etc., are passed, and the series ?,close with a sketch in Gippslaud. The first monthly meeting of tho Single "* "ton ; branch of tho Protection Onion was held \- on Thursday evening last, the President (Mr ''W. F. Wilis) bsi?g in the chair. Twelve new ncmes were tubmitted and approved of. The President t>ugg?tted the desirability of forming a branch at Jerry's Plains, and 7 ?xplained to tbe mteiing that several people ' thira were very anxious to work with them in thc'ciuse of Protection. Aftot' delibera tion it was resolved to form a branch at that pla'cs on an early date, aud tho ofliccrs aud \- committee were entrusted with the carrying oitof thenecetsary arrangements. The Presi dent gave an addicss on the advantaKC? of p ot'jction,after which a. paper was read show -1 i<r, by means of the Statistical Rogijter of Ji'lUfiC; tho retri'grersion of the colony duriujj the 1 ,et fo>v year.', and controverting the reprc ? B-nf'tions put forward by Mr Hayiies. The Scoretf.ry (Mr rend extracts from v work, entitkd " The Present Uoprcsiiou in ' Trade—its iraiiee arul ieruedy," un ii.quirr ? ; "in'othe cnute of tLu piedcut stagnation of ' ?ll commsreial, industrial, and agricultural '?' pursuits, with suggestions for ii speedy remedy, by Mr C. O. Waldrou. After the transaction of some further bii?iuta*, the ' m?cting adjourned. -. Oun readers will observe that the Military [ Tournament (now established as an annual " institution '"> is this year to be held on tho West Maitland Show Qrouria, on tho Prince of Wulci Birthday. A long and varied pro gramme of twenty.four items, it will bo seen, as been drawn up. As tho events are opon to all volunteer and reserve forces of Australia, and an those gatherings ap parently attract incroaiing interest yearly, tho third military tournament in connection with tbo 4th Regiment, N. S, W. V.1., pro mises to be something well worth rornerubor ing, Money and trophies, together in amount and valuo representing about £120, am to be contested for. Soveral of tho. trophies— computing bronzo figures, plated ware, clock*, boxes of ton, portmanteaus, ctc.-t-are now on view at tho establishment of Mesir K. Blair nnd Soub, High- itrotit, West Matt land. Tnn weather since onr last has been ex ceedingly trying and oppressive. Saturday and Sunday wero Intensely warm, while on Monday, in addition to tho heat, tho town and neighbourhood wore filled with a misty smoko, resulting probably from distant bush fires,thnnnlsa'nca being aggravated, however, by tbo burning-oil of some rubbish heaps in or near tho Chinaman's gardens between John-atrcot and tho river. Or. Taeadsy tho town was literally takon possession of by clouds of dust, a strong westerly wind blow, ing througnout tho day. Tho inconvenience from this visitntion was so great that scarcely ono place of business in Gcorgt-straot-*- -whioh was fully exposed to tbo dust-laden bUsts—-could open its doore, and the amount of business transacted during the day was of the Braallcit. Towards evening thick raln cloudi made their appearance in thesoutb wed and tho wind veering to southward the sky became heavily overcast, and the temperature fell as the night advanced. About 7 p.m. ?overal brilliant ftasbot of lightning wore ex perienced and later hoavy rain fell. Tho wind continued iatermittontly throughout tlio night. . A whole chapter of accidents—resulting, howevor, as much from a peculiar bowler and a hard wicket as from any extramau dano causes—has to ba ncorded in connec tion with the match played last Saturday between the Singleton Rovers 0. O. and tho West Maitland Albion C. C. Tho extra- I ordinary deliveries of ono of tho leading bowlers of tho visiting team (J. Sivyer) in flicted corporal injuries on tho majority, of the batsnen of tbo homo team, tho coniequonces in two cases being so serious that the playora had to leave tho ground im mediately and seek medical attention. The i moit serious case was that of 11. S. Kobiu ?on, whom, while batting, a ball struck with such force as to break one of tbo metacarpal bones of tho loft hand. Previous to this ho had received several severe bruises on tho legs and body as a result of the exertions of tho same bowler, but, it is almost un necessary to add, the injury to his hand incapacitated him from experiencing further favours from the Albion repre sentative. Earlier in the mntoh another batsman, W. Gray, had the top of one of bis Angers beret open by a blow from a ball, and was obliged to leave tbo field to have tho wound dressed. Tke well- known inter colonial cricketer A. Matbor aud two other j players (M. Jones and J. M'Alpin) received several nasty bits of whioh they are not likely to part with the record for a few days to come. On tho same afternoon, in another match in the town, a young fellow named Alexander, wnila playing for tbo Ironclad team against the Alberts, had his thumb rather badly hnrt. It is a peculiar coinci dence that on the samo afternoon, a cricketer, engaged in a match at Melbourne, fell dead in the field from apoplexy of the brain. Tib combined gas-lamp and fountain which Mr Alexander Munro,of Bobeah, some time ago iatimated his intention of present ing to the town of Singleton, arrived por rail last week,and is no* stored at the local gas-works pending its formal transference lrom the above-named gentleman to the Borough. It is of cast- iron, aud was manu factured to Mr Munro's order by the well known founders M'Farlane, Strong and Co , Glasgow. We append a few words of description. The oiaia casting is a shaft some twelve feet in length, and weighing about a ton. It terminates in a wide square hollow base, witbia which will bo placed an iron " irater-box" fitted with a ball by moans of wkich the supply of water to the troughs and fountain above will be regulated. A door in one made of the base allows access to tho interior for purposes of cloaning or of effecting repairs. At about the point where the base springs from the shaft cast iron horsa troughs will be attached. These will be supported by ex ceedingly well- cast figures of horses' lege. Above these troughs will be taps for drinking purposes, supplied with cups which hang from chains affixed a foot or two nearer the top of the shaft. Below the horso-trougha, and practically lovel with tho ground,will bo dog-troughs. The shaft is surmounted by a splendid gas-lantern, some fourftctin height, balloon-shaped at top and hexagonal in the lower part, surmounted by aa iron oronu and weighiog in all about 9 owt, Tho lamp, indeed, is in all probability more than equal |to any to be found outside tha metropolis. From our description of this oombioed lamp : fountain.it may be gathered that Mr Munro's I gift will ha more than ordinarily aseful, and in addition a most haadiome ornament to our town. 