A NEW CHUM OUTWARD BOUND. THE CONCLUSION OF THE VOYAGE. FBOM COLOMBO TO K. G. SOUND. Having embarked again at Colombo we found a busy crowd on the deck of the steamer. The passengers wexe fast re assembling after their excursions to various places in the neighbourhood. Some were comparing notes with regard to the locali ties they had visited; others were settling up with the native tailors for suite of white duck ordered on arrival ; a few were racing over the ship «v»nnpfai»iing that the men who took their linen to wash had f ocerotten to bring it back again; and otheni again were providing against the twelve days we should be oat of sight of land, by laying^n a store of various kinds of fruit. The pine apples were not so good or so cheap as those we bad purchased at one of the stations on the Ekndy railway; the natives wanted threepence for a good pine-apple, but still it was a treat to obtain such luscious fruit at tile price. In an hour or so the sailors cleared the coolies off the decks, bundled them and their goods down the side, the anchor was hoisted, and we steamed away for King George's Sound. Our course across the Indian Ocean had almost been due east, and we bad not experienced any very hot weather; but now on leaving Colombo we were steering in a much more southerly direction ; the equator would be crossed in two days' time, 60 we were anti cipating a sultry week or ten days, till we should emerge on the south side of the tropics. The weather, indeed, seemed to be growing decidedly warmer as we sat on deck that same afternoon, watching the dark gteen fringe of cocoanuts gradually recede as the coast bore away to the east ward and the lofty mountains about Adam's Peak growing a paler bine in the distance. We found it very warm that evening, but the cabins of the P. and O. vessels are well provided with air. The little round porthole, or 'scuttle ' as they call it, is placed directly in the centre of a trapdoor or 'port,' some eighteen inches square, which opens outwards. In calm weather these trapdoors are hauled up from the outside, leaving a fine huge aperture for the Bea-breeze to blow into one's berth. We had our ports open that night, and somewhat tired with the day's exertions were not long in falling asleep. It was not destined, however, that we should enjoy our repose in peace, as soon after midnight we were rudely awak ened by bang swilled with cold water fram head to foot. In the consternation of the moment thoughts of shipwreck and a wat ery grave were naturally the first to. arise in oar minds, but we soon realised that it was merely an unexpected wave that had come in through the port. In tropical latitudes one sleeps on the top of the counterpane instead of underneath it, so we had nothing to break the force of the water. The ports were soon shutdown, but it was useless to think of remaining in the cabin, as the mattresses and bedding were soaked through and through. Having procured some dry clothing from our boxes we emerged into the passage, where a scene of desolation presented itself. All down the long corridor on the port side of the ship, heaps ef vet blankets, &c;, were accumulating, which were thrown out of the cabins by the wretched passengers within. Agonising female cries of 'Steward! Steward !' proceeded out of the darkness ; and drowned-out individuals moved de£ jectedly about seeking for dryer quarters. We made our way over the heaps along the passage and spent the rest of the night on the seats in the saloon. The officer on duty is sapposed to keep a look-out on the water, and have the ports shut down if there is any sign of the sea freshening; but as in this instance, it does sometimes happen that a wave rises unexpectedly, and washes broadside in before the precaution can be observed. It was very hot and sultry as we were crossing the line, and a day or two after wards we had a very heavy downpour of tropical rain. We were expecting Fattier Neptune to make his appearance and cele brate the occasion with the usual rites ; but for some leason he does not receive a warm welcome on board the P. & O. vessels, so as often as not he stays away. These eteamers.are becoming like great floating hotels, and the passengers are somewhat too dignified to endure his familiaritipH. On the twelfth day after leaving Colom bo we sighted land somewhere in the neighbourhood of Cape Leuwin, and had our first view of Australian shores. Barren and uninviting they looked in the distance, but the details were a good dad obscured by a number of bushfires that were raging near the coast. Having so recently taken our leave of all that we loved in the Old Country, this, our first sight of the new one, naturally prompted a sort of comparison between the two. We could not believe that the land before us would ever occupy the same place in our hearts as the home over the sea- As a martyr of fact, however, I suppose that of all the young people that emigrate to Australia, the overwhelming proportion remain in the Colonies. Even if, after a number of years, a man has the opportunity of returning, he rarely settles dawn permanently again iu Great Britain. Many a young man when he leaves home* starts forth with the thought of coming back again, ct the end of two or .three years. But the three years soon grow into five, and when he does return he returns only on a visit, if he has once become thoroughly accustomed to colonial life. The new-comer is very much struck with the disadvantages of the country of his adoption, because be is just fresh from the conveniences and pleasures of bis former surroundings ; but there are undoubtedly many attractions to the colonies which in great measure compen sate for, though they never fill the place of, the old associations. The oldest colonists speak of going to England as going ' home,' and such a hold has the name in this connection, that we find the younger generation, who have been bom and brought up south of the lino, still making use of the same term. We reached Albany about half-past four on the Tuesday afternoon. I have noticed since arriving that the P. & O. vessels usually come in with the mails on the pre vious day, the Monday. Oar captain might easily have brought us in a couple of days sooner, but as the vessel was not due tc arrire till the Tuesday night, he did not trouble to keep np the speed. We had left Colombo in good time, and should have ' made a very quick passage if they had gone ahead at the pace we travelled at in the Mediterranean, namely, about 315 miles a day. Orders were given, however, to slow down in order to economise coal ; so we plodded steadily along about 265 per day, and thus lost ttie time that we had gained before. We were much more favourably impressed with Albany than we had expected to be from what we had heard about it on board the steamer. The people of Victoria and New South Wales delight in disparaging Western Australia, and everything connect ed with it. One described the town as a ' row of wooden houses on a sAndheap ; ' another t-aidthat grass would not grow at Albany, it produced nothing bnt sand. Consequently when we arrived and found a first-rate land-locked harbour and the little town picturesquely situated under the shelter of a wooden hill we began to hope that matters were not so bad as they were pictured. Perhaps we shall have an oppor tunity sometime in the future of stating how they appear to us after a more extend ed acquaintance. There were only three persons on this occasion who left the ship with their goods and chattels ; but the bulk of the passengers availed themselves of the six or seven hours before the vessel sailed again, in order to go on shore for a stroll. Many of those on board had never set foot on the great Island-Continent before. For the rest of the afternoon the main street of Albany presented an unueual scene of bustle and nnimnt?'', a gaily-dressed throng wan dering hither and thither ; to leave, how ever, the absence of life more marked when the company re-embarked for Adelaide. When darkness closed in we went down to the jetty with our fellow-voyagers, to bid them good-bye after the many pleasantdayt; we had spent together. We tu»v them d.s appear into the gloom on the little steam launch, and returned aioag the jetty with' mingled feeliugs, to spend our first night in Western Australia, 