. ' IS IT WAR? We fear that- the news of better pros pects of peace in : Europe which was received here with so much welcome last Week was'; merely, the calm before the Btorm. Nor, judging; fey expeneuce, was there anything very wonderful in that. All the great wars of .-modern times have been immediately preceded byvfche mos-t amicable professions. A declaration of war now-a-days means a word and a blow delivered simultaneously. The recent apparent stillness may also have'to some extent, been caused by the .pause-of the nations iD expectation ofthe speech from Berlin, 'Waiting for and hanging upon V - the words - of Bisjiaeoe which were to iNor has the great Chancellor i left any donbt at all about his meaning. iHe is -not in the habit of showing his hand, bnt when he 'does so he shows it boldly, and on: this occasion he furnishes the key to 11 the mysteries and rumors which had hitherto snrroanded the situation. On Tuesday, the 'Ilth January — a day -de a - ianed, perhaps, to"be for ever memeeable in;-.the history of Europe and the world — 'in his ppeech to the Reichstag on ;the second reading of the bill fortbo increase of; tho German army by 4i\000 he rfolly disclosed the policy of tbeSinpire. (He virtually admitted that there was -an understanding with the Czar that Germany would not interfere with 'Russia's designs upon the Balkan pro vinces. In other words, while professing ;fche most perfect amity with Austria, he leaves 'that power ."to fight its -own battles beyond the Carpathians, and Heaves the principalities to their fate. But it is -when he .comes to talk of France he- throws down the gauntlet in so many' words, and casts away the seabbard, id case his -excitable neighbors; eheose te pick up the glove, The challenge is so plain, so con temptuous, -and so threatening, that: even a less gallant, -or less powerful,: natioE than France -uonld refuse to accept it. " Germany, 1 he says, " will not strike the first blew, but the past teaches her that a permanent peace -with France is impossible, and Germany does not fear the war which as inevitable." He tells the recalcitrant rx-etnbersof tttae Parliament that if they refase the reinforcements asked for, they will be dissolved by the Emperor, or in other words, that Government will increase" the army in spite of them ; and the veteran Vox Moltke said to raise the reinforce ment asked for was the only possible means of staving off the war. Of conrse, all this sounds very strange to English ears, as a British Minister weald not dare to address the House of Commons in such a strain, and, if he did, wonld have no means of carrying on a war ; but constitutional Government in Germany exists only in name. Having thus actually drawn the Bword, Bismarck caD either get a House that will be more amenable, or the Emperor will carry on the Government and the straggle with out thom. That Bismarck means all this, and more, is evident, because, first taking it as a thing settled, he tells Ibis Asremblv lhat without this addition to their army, they will lose Dot only JLtz and Strasburg, but Hanover and the whole of the left bank of the Rhine. He does not slop here, however, bat, with an audacity that has never been surpassed, he menaces France in these terrible words, " If Germany be victorious in this inevitable contest, she will not rest content nntil France is ci ippled for generations to eome." And, \ i i>— no doubt, France has brought this awful threat upon itself by its avowed intention to recover, Alsace aud Lorraine whenever it felt strong enough to attempt it; so that ho permaneut peace between these two countries was possible. Both have been arming ever since the last fall of Paris, ana preparing for this very en counter. BisSia&ce; and the German- generals think it is full time lo precipi tate it, and, no doubt, it is in pursuance of a settled plan of campaign that Vox Moltke wants this additional 41,000 hien. But what does all this portend to us British and Australians ? We, certainly, shall not be involved m the war on the Rhine, bnt we can scarcely . . _ n ;l,n T?oof escape troca taat; »tu iu uuo -un, which seems to be part of the programme drawn -up between Bismarck and the. Czar. Austria can scarcely, look on quietly and see Russia take possession of the whole country, from Belgrade to Varna, or even from the Adriatic to the Black Sea, includiog the mouths of the Danube. Russia at Sophia, Shumla and Varria, would mean the - Czab again crowned at Constantinople as a veritable Casar, and the closing ot sue roiacn oo» to English trade. England would not be likely to stand that, and Constantinople can only be saved by a fight between the Ealkans and "the Danube. The Porte has been in concert with Russia. We cannot believe it, and think it will be found, if it;comes to the test, that Turkey will welcome an English fleet in the Bosphoru3. At all events, what with complications in tlis principalities and in Afghanistan, we are almost ceitain to bo drawu into the second groat war— if, indeed, lhere are to be two gigantic wars going on at the same t.m- France and Germany would, in all p ->>- ability, be allowed to fight it out without any interference, but a contest in the principalities would probably invoive England, Avstria and Italy. Fertile first time we in Australia have a material interest in such a war. The Prospecting Vote.— The mining community have made large demands for grants from the prospecting vote of £S0, 000 voted -by Parliament last session. The applications already received by the local boa rds;represent requests for about £300,000 as follows : — -Sandhurst, £53,000 ; Beech- worth, £50,000; Maryborough, £47,000; Ballarat, £45,000 ; Castlemaine, £38,000 : Stawell, £32,000 ; andGippsland, £1 1,000. In most cases the amounts given are oi those applications for which a specific sum is mentioned, and no estimate is made of those for which no figures were stated by the applicants. The local boards have to make recommendations to the Minister o1 Mines, to be dealt with by hi-m. It was mentioned by Mr Gillies in tne Legislative Assembly thai the expenses oj distribution muEt coine-eut cf the vote. Yn that case, observes the'" Argus, 11 the iud:- sum avail able will be so small that not more than a quarter of the aggregate amount applied for can be granted. A-Judigsas. Jaunt. — His Honor Mr Justice Holroyd, who is on a tour with, ins daughter and son aDd -n lady friend. through the North-EasternBistrict, rested at 'Host Holland's hostelry. Benalla, on. Wednesday-Eight, in order 'to repair the damages caused to the hood-of his buggy, hy-eoming into contact with the limb ot a tree between'Dawes's Broken River Hotel, .Mansfield-road, and Benalla. The dam aged vehicle was put into the care of Mr W. Hoskia, blacksmith, adjoining the Royal HoteL The repairs were so expe ditiously performed that His Honor was able to start on. his journey on Thursday .afternoon. -We (" Ensign) understand that His Hsnor_ intends_fo_visit_Beech-. A. Dastabcly Act. — The woolshed of She Hon. Francis Onnond,- on his station sear Skipton, was burnt to<the ground on Thursday. A. sundowner, who, it is stated, was refused "tucker" by the manager, is in custody eharged with the caS'enee. - DiSCHARGBP.— Mr R. R. Cross, by whom the man. Shaw was accidentally shot whilst trespassing in his garden at Prahran early on Tuesday morning, .was formally taken, before the Prahran bench of magis- tratec on Thursday by the police. The coroner's jury in the case haviug com pletely exonerated Mr Cross'from blame, the police asked for his formal discharge, which was granted. The Incoming Mail. — The R.M.-S, Bengal arrived at Adelaide ai.tnidnight on Thursday, and -should reach Melbourne to-morrow (Sunday). Yageaxdaneah Police 'Court. At this court on Wednesday, before Messrs Dolphin, Jessop end Raid, J.P;'a, Roger Gorman sued Roche for £3 Gs:3J, for work and labor done. "Defendant denied owing the amount, and -produced his accounts. : Defendant's wife .-corroborated taer hus-l band's evidence, and stated that plaintiff; bad a diary in which she had entered! amounts received by him. Plaintiff did! not produce this diary. Defendant also, called William MdKibben, who stated' upon oath;: — 1 remember plaintiff coming tome and wanting liquor; Irefuaedito serve him ; it was not on account of his shaving na money, but I thought he was net in a fit state to be served with liquor; be told merhe could EOtget any money from defen dant because -defendant owed him nothing. To -plaintiff: It was about seven or eight days prior to your leaving defendant' em ploy that I refused you drinks ; you had then been on the. spree for some fcitne. The court held that the balance due to plaintiff was 18c 3d ; no costs to be -al lowed. BEEeewORTH Fire-bri<? ade. — We are requested to mention that, in connection with the motion passed at the last meeting of the above brigade, in which disapproval was expressed at the action of Fireman Hohmuth in obtaining promises of sub scriptions towards rewarding the team taking part in the principal event at the next intercolonial demonstration, should it be won by them, the meeting, in arriving at tliia oonclusion, did so on the grounds of objection 'to the principle of any mem ber 0' the brigade soliciting subscriptions form the public towards such an object as that in question, and not with the least desire to slight the generous offers of those who had promised to subscribe. We cordially agree with the members' of the brigade in their resolution, as to: have en dorsed the action of Fireman Hohmuth— however well intentioned it may have been — would have been to lower the prestige of the corps, and the firemen will, we have no fear, never need any raonetarv con sideration to be held out as an incentive to them to strive to do their best on the run ning- track. Oldfellowship. — A new lodge of Odd fellows, Ovens and-Murray District, will bo opened at Tallangatta on Tuesday, A ball and supper will be held in the evenin" to celebrato the event, . - Thgcght Reading.— From Messrs Jas. Ingram and -Sou we have reaeived, wjth the author compliments, .a, pamphlet ; oE 96 pages, entitled "Thought Reading and Kindred Subjects, Divested of their Mys tery and Explaiued," by Professor Hume. The work treats in an interesting style oo astrology, ancient and modern, with it3 swindles, the difference between an. im pressionable audanuuimpressionablebrain, clairvoyance, somnambulism, brain bat tery, mesmerism, animal magnetism as an anJEathetic and healing : agent, and the essence of phrenology: Testimonials as cures brought about by animal magnetism at the instance uf Professor Hume, and to his skill as a mesmerist and as a phrenolo gical delineator, are also given. Beechivortw's Water Supply. — Hie quality of the water supplied from the Lake Kerferd reservoir has been the subject of unfavorable comment for some weeks past, the fluid being discolored and having a disagreeable taste and smell, which is more noticeable when it is first drawn from the tap. The council propose to remedy these defects by drawing off the water from near the surface of the reservoir, instead of from the bottom, and with that object an iron casting is being made and will as soon as ready be affixed to the outlet pipe, ny mis means u is believed that the town water supply will be greatly improved, as a diver from Mel bourne recently employed by the council to descend to the bottom of the lake re ported that the present outlet pipe is in a bed of " slum," the accumulation of years, that is being gradually drawn off with the water, which the filter-beds arc not able to clear cf its impurities. A similar state of affairs appears to exist at Ballarat, accord ing to the following paragraph in last Wednesday's " Courier" : — " Complaints are prevalent of the condition of the. water supplied from the reservoirs during the past few days. The water contains a great amount of vegetable and other matier, and in some parts of tlie city and town is nlmost undrinkable, though in other portions, supplied by a different main, it is comparatively pure. The con dition of the water is thought to be caused by the sunply being drawn from near the bottom of the dams, where the matter accumulates, and is sucked into the pipes. It seems a pity that provision was not made for the drawing of the water from the dams at a higher level." The Case of Attempted Incendiarism. — Nothing new has trauapired that would tend to unravel the mystery surrounding the matter of the fire at Mr H. J. Howe's rasidence, Beochworth, on Tuesday morn ing. A slight sensation was caused on Wednesday evening, but the alarm was discovered to be groundless : Two young men who in Mr Rowe's absence were stopping in the house, receiving intimation that a person was suspicionsly looking over the back fence, rushed out, and noticing a figure hurrying across the railway-line they gave chase, and came up to a woman, who was, naturally, greatly terrified, and on being questioned, gave her name, and protested that she had had nothing to do with haviug caused the fire. A reticule which she was carrying was taken from her, and found to contain some loose matches and a key ; and though this circumstance at first sight was suspicious, it was explained by the fact that the key was that of her domicile and the matches were U3ed for 41 domestic purposes." The police were communicated with, and Sub- ' inspector Thomas and Sergeant Flood made | inquiries, bat found that no suspicion could be attached to the woman's move ments, as she had merely, in passing the house, out oT curiosity, looked over the fence, and, besides, satisfied the officers as to where she was and as to her movements on the morning of tlie fire. We suppose thatTuesday morning's occurrence will now have to be classed in the category of 'UiTfathomed -mysteries. Cricket. — A match will be played this (Saturday) afternoon between the One j. io.-i -j.-nc-0110-iVIile players will-be chosen 'from the following: — Ansell, Mateer, Bray, Crouch '(2), Page ! Thompson, Canfield, G. Perry, J. Brown H- Wandenberg, M. Keane and Farley '(2). Play is to commeuce at two o'clock. Depasture of the Mail. --The R.M.S. Clyde left Hobson's Bay on Thursday, for London. -Among the:passengers were Mr Murray Smith, who "is about to re-visit England, and Mr and Mr3 Rupert Clarke, of-fiunbury, wbo are -darting on a conti-; nental tour. The total value of specie: taken by the -Clyde was £4410 10s. ; -Educational —From Messrs Gordon! and Gotch we have received a well-printed', pamphlet containing information respect-: ing-.3l. Ignatius College, conducted by the1 Jesuit Fathers at Riverview, -four miles from Sydney. A nurrfher 0f illustrations of- different -Karts of the ml 1 anil surroundings are given. It is elsewhere notified that-classes re-assemble on the 1st February. Bitten by a Snake. — A esse of snake bite is reported by the Milta Mitta "Herald" has having occurred on Tuesday afternoon, to a little boy named Ballar d, at Mt Lightbound's sawmills. The iffiifd, -whs is a mute, was playing outside his parent's cottage about noon on the day r Mentioned, «nd noticing a-small tiger snake crawling into a hole, he picked it up by 't&e.daiL; The reptile turned and bit him on -the Soger. A rough (ligature was tiiid round the boy's arm, and a messenger despatched to Tallangatta for help. Messrs T. Dyrino- and Stephen with =some other gentlemen: promptly proceeded to the spot, and found that the --child had been vomiting, but showed no -other signs of the effect of the bate, except the two punctures, -which ware distinctly visible. The gentlemen named promptly set-to work ta take the measures proscribed in cases of snakebite' for sarins: life; but it was feared that the time that had elapsed had allowed the! venom too mwfc start. However, brandy: was - ad ui i nistered , the -arm bled andeverv-j thing done with the means, at, hand,; and! on Wednesday .-afternoon we were iaformed I that- the hoy was apparently free from danger. Tiger -Makes ere known to be extremely venemoas, and the only ex planation that can be considered satis factory to account for this esse not proving fatal, is that the snake being a very small oiie, its hjte would probably be compara tively weak.- Melboukne Wool Sales, — The Slew Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company Limited held "their usual wool sale on Thursday afternoon, when a catalogue of 1453 bales was submitted to a full attendance of buyers. Competition was very spirited, and the market haB aAsmrmoA 3,1 i- 7J 1». . .. . - nT c ' perio m sympathy with tno favorable news from London. The highest price realised for greasy wool was 12-Jd. . Scoured wool realised up to 174d and washed fleece to 15£d. ' Grass on the Upper Murray. — An Upper.Murray correspondent of the Mitta Mitta " Herald" writes :— Our pasture lands look like fields of ripe corn. For years such abundance of grass and herbage has not been seen on the Upper Murray The grass is so long that it is watched with great anxiety, and not a few look at the I waving sea of grass, thinking, should un-l fortunately a bushfire break out, what as calamity such a catastrophe would produce. Cure' for Lameness. —From , Messrs I Clarke, Son and Piatt we have received., a 1 neatly bound li ttle : work .entitled, ".How ! i my Hunter was" Lamed, .and- -how tlie 1 Lameness was C tired, "r-;publiahe'd"% by.1 Messrs Elliinan, SonsandCo., of Slough,! England, - whose advertisement -of their embrocation for the cure of lameness appears in our business, columns.". The publication -is illustrated with eight' very spirited: drawings by that clever artist, Mr John Sturgess; who with. his, pencil snows, how the hunter was lamed ; the advertise ments', and: testimonials at. the, end .of the 'work set -forth how the cure was effected. Public Meeting.— A'pablic meeting is ( to be held in - the Shire Hall, .Yackan- dandahj this (Saturday) evening, at 8 o'clock, to take. into" consideration the best method of augmenting the water supply of the town and its vicinity. _ The subject being one of great .public .importance, a large attendance at the meeting is expected. Farm Properties at Wooragee. — Messrs Mitchell Bros', farm of 600 acres, I at Wooragee, has during the past few days been sold privately,: to Mr. Peter Birtle3, | late of Walbundrie ; the amount of i purchase-money being £2000. We under stand that had the property been submitted , to sale bv auction, a much higher price' would have been realised. Messrs J.. H. Gray and Co. announce the sale by auction oil the 14th February of : Mr Thos, Parnaby's farm at the ; same place, to gether with stock; farming implements, &c.; Bank Director. — Sir W. J. Clarke was on Thursday elected a director, of the Colonial Bank of Australasia. The Grain Harvest. — Harvesting has 5 been carried on with great vigor, during the week, and large quantities of grain are coming forward. The prices, however, keep low, and there is as yet no indication, of any improvement in this respect. Wheat is quoted at 3s 5d, barley fins pur chasers at 3s 4d for best samoles. Six thousand nine hundred and eight bags of grain were sent from Numurkab Rail way - station for the week ending Wednesday, loth inst. The total number of bag3 sent during the four weeks ending 12th inst. was 18,605, reports tha Numurkah cor- respondent of the Age. I Shocking Death by Burning. — a shocking case of death by burning occurred at. HeaMicote on Thursday, the victim being Mrs Marshall, the wife of Mr Jshn Marshall, an old resident of the place. The deceased, who was washing, was attempting to lift the boiler off the fire, when her clothes became ignited. She ran outside to call for assistance, but before any could arrive her clothes were nearly consumed, there being little more left than her stays and boot3. She was burnt from head to foot, never recovered from the shock, and expired at abent 5 o'clock in the evening. The deceased was 64 years of age. A Painful Gase. — Here is an item of intelligence (says the " Pall Mall Gazette") which stands out with painful distinctness. It possesses no public interest, for it only concerns a very poor young woman who committed suicide in the north of London last week, but nothing in the papers ex ceeds it in tragic horror, and therefore in universal and general interest. The poor creature, who at the age of twenty-nine found herself in a decline and tortured by rheumatic fever, had often prayed t > be relieved of her misery, hut had prayed in vain. What followed was told as tollows before the coroner : — On Tuesday she bade her husband an affectionate good-bye on his leaving for work, and shortly after he he had gone locked her children in their room at the top of the house, having told them she was going to die. The eldest boy, aged about six, looked through the keyhole and observed his mother adjusting a rope round her neck, haying tied the rope to the trapdoor in the room. In an agony of fear he seized a chopper and en deavored to break the lock, but his strong fch was not equal to it, and he saw his mother AKrcw herselL.from.a-Stool.e-d>4 cnhf- jliwp, brought someone up, but the woman was dead.- Poor little fellow, and only six years old. What a grim and awful picture is that of the child straining his little arms — and straining them in vain— to chop through the door "behind which his mother was slowly strangling herself to death. A Taswanian Murder. — Timothy Walker, sentenced to death for murder at Deloraine, Tasmania, was executed on Monday morning in the Hobarfc gaol. The murder was committed on December 2, and the " Hobart Mercury" of a subse quent date contained the following parti culars of the crime: — "At Deloraine, about 6 o'clock in the evening of the 2nd inst., Trmoiliy Walker shot Benjamin Hampton dead. Walker had been living with a niece of Hampton's wife (a youuo- woman aged 23), and her friends had persuaded her to leave Walker. She did leave him, and went to live at Hampton's bouse. Walker took a double-barrelled gun, and called at the house for the youti" woman. Apparently "he inteuded to shool; her, but Hampton came .out instead and ordered Walker away. Walker then fired the contents of one barrel at Hampton, and the- charge tore away the fleshy part of the right arm and set fire to his shirt sleeve. -Walker . then immediately fired the contents of the second barrel, and the whole ch«.Tge was "buried- in Hampton's body ijust below the heart. Walker was so close that the discharge actually ignited the breast -of Hampton's shirt. Hampton fell down, saying, 'I am done ; go for Mr Lnvejoy.' He then expired. Walker, who is 76 years old, shouldered his guu and walked quietly hack to the township. On the way he told some people what he had done, '.but they did not believe him He was : arrested before he reached kis mouse." An Effect of the Heat. The 'Sr0.0"® corresPBdont of "the Mitta Mitta Herald" writes r— The heat has been something intense these last few days. On Friday last one of the front windows of Messrs Hunt and Thompson's saddlery establishment split up the middle of the pane and curled in. The -only way this can be accounted for is the intensity of. the heat. The pane of glass was about 3ft 6in square, and abomt f ths of an inch thick. A '" Tall" 'Owe. — A <correspondetr.t of of the. IBenalla " Ensigit"' writes : Snme idea ofthe effects of the late and pressntf mat or our -water taps -may be gathered from the following, which was stated to be a fact. Some young butchers, not a hundred miles from Bridge-street, sent a porker to his long heme, or in other words, slaughtered him, but were exercised in their minds about lighting a fire and heating water fo scam mm wnen one er ttiem " mounted" to the occasion and " dossed" piggy in a tub under the tap, when, to their delih t «e kot was the water from the tap that they were enabled to denude the member ' of the porcine tribe of bis bristles with ! very "little" trouble. A Nice Young Man. — Mr R. F. Eraser. t» clerk in the Financial Laud and Build- ing Company, Sydney, has been arrested i en a charge of embezzlement. His total deficiency is said to he about £2000. The prisoner asserts that he recently received £15,000 from England. He kept three I buggies! and four horses, and only recently married a barmaid. He was for some time a friend of a theatrical youag Zady pl? here, and she was arocipientAf preaeuia to tha value of £500. The Prospecting Board. — The board has' again gone, through the numerous ap plications -for .assistance, and has. weeded, out those tbey do not intend to recommend asfollows :-i-Yackandandah,. 4 applications,, 1 left in ; Mitta Mitta, 7 applications, 5 left in ; Indigo, 9 applications, 5. left in ; Baechworth, 29 applications, 10 left in ; Bucldand, : 28 - applications, 16 left . in. j Goulburn, 29' applications, 13 left in ; total, <106 applications, 50 left in.-...hese. 1 50 will be further reduced before any re- commendations are maae, ami uiie will hold sittings atand visit the following plac8,-viz. Ghiltern; on Tuesday, next.; Hurdle Flat, Wednesday ; Beechwortli, Friday; Wandiligong, Tuesday, 25th;, and the Gouiburn division before the end of the month; Poisoned Food.— On Monday afternoon (says the " Advertiser") Dr Dutton, of Geelong, was suddenly called upon to at tend three children of Mr Porter, of . Leigh road, who were suffering from the effects, offish-poisoning. The children had par taken of the contents of a tin of fresh herrings, and it is supposed that they were poisoned by the fluid in the tin, which had come in contact with the spidering of the vessel. At any rate, Dr Dutton 1 speedily prescribed a remedy for the two I gir's and the boy who were suffering, and they were at once relieved. 