Epitome of News. The following particulars of the • escape of a prisoner and from the Champion (Queensland) of the 15th inst:—The man Martin Strasding under commitment to the Blackall District Court, made his escape from custody on the evening of Saturday last. The prisoner was •to accompany Sub-Inspector Gal braith by the Blackall coach on -Sunday. He was chained by the wrist to a tree at the police tent on Saturday evening, but while the ■constable in charge was absent •for a few minutes, Strasding slipped his fetters and cleared off. The prisoner took with him the waterbag belonging to the tent, •a hat belonging to Constable Ahern,, •a coat and £7 belonging to Constable Oarmody, £2 10s. and a purse be longing to Constable Jones, and some rations. The matter was im mediately reported to Sub-Inspector Galbraith, who was in town, horses were procured and Constable Car mody started in pursuit; but al-i although he scoured the country thoroughly he failed to find any trace of Strasding. A clue was ob tained on Sunday, and Constable Ahren immediately procured a horse and followed it up with the result that he came up with the escapee about fourteen miles from here in the direction of Alice. He was wearing the constables' clothes, and search showed that he had the £7 and £2 10s. safely stowed away. He had also the other property. ^ It seems that Strasding, after leaving the tent struck straight into the bush and got lost. He saw a mob of cattle, and stayed with them in hope that the owner would come to look for them. Constable Ahem came instead and the prisoner is now safely secured again. The bodv of Mr. J. A. Hope Yulabilla (Q.) has been found in the Condamine River with a bag of stones tied to his neck and his arms bound. Disastrous bushfires have broken out in the pastoral district between Belfast and Hawksdale, in Victoria, destroying a large quantity of fenc ing and grass as well as several homesteads. In some places mobs of sheep have been literally roasted alive. The fires raged over an area 5 miles wide and 14 miles long. Mr. J. Macandrew, member for Port Chalmers, N.Z., the oldest member of the House of Representa tives, was thrown from his^ buggy on Thursday, and died from internal injuries received. Ebenezer Ward, Chairman of Committees in Adelaide, has been declared insolvent. Some excitement attended tbe in tended celebration of a wedding ceremony at Williamstown (says the Albury Banner and Wodonga Express). A young girl—the bride—with her mother and others was at the church, but the bride groom failed to put in an appear ance. The bride became terribly excited, and rushed out saying she would commit suicide. A constable named Govey happened to be at hand, and gave chase after the disap pointed and distracted girl, and caught her before she reached the busk As she still threatened to take her life, the constable would not release her. It has not yet transpired why the bridegroom was not present at the appointed time. A nugget weighing 14oz. 8dwt. has been found by a digger named Brown in some deserted ground in Watt's Gully, near Gummeracha, 30 miles from Adelaide. Mrs. Darbysbire, an old lady of 70, and Miss Darbyshire, residing at Parramatta North, have ^ been terribly burned by the explosion of a composition of turpentine and oil. Hanlan, it is said, will sail for Australia in September. At the close of the last Parlia ment Mr. Garvan was elected to, and occupied the position of, leader of the Opposition. Though the ■Opposition in the New Parliament ■will be small in number, yet most of its numbers will be of those who •composed the Opposition to the Parkes Ministry just before the dissolution. In these circumstances iit would be thought that there could he no doubt as to the re-elec tion of Mr. Garvan as leader. Nor is there any doubt that he will he are-elected. But none the less, Mr. W. J. Lyne is said to be intriguing for the leadership. | The deepest diamond-drill hore; in Australia, at a depth of 2175 feet below sea levels, with 3-inch diameter, has been attained at Holt Sutherland, 16| miles from Sydney; 3 feet 4 inches of coal core has been brought up out o£va total depth of 5 feet 3 inches. There is one plaintive note run ning through the Bishop's addresses /remarks the Echo) and which pre vents his being quite cheerful when leaving his diocease for a time; and that is the lament over the insuffi ciency of funds. It is not difficult to see that in this respect he is a little disappointed. His church is the wealthiest in the colony and his diocese is probably as wealthy as that of Melbourne, and yet the subscriptions do not come up to his desires and his needs. The Church Society has a far smaller amount at ' its disposal than it could wisely spend, and the committee for pro viding religious instructions in the public schools is left lamentably short. Special benevolent persons there are who give liberally, but liberality is not the rule all down the rank-and-file. Metropolitan members of Parliament are almost to a man freetraders and Ministerialists. By the recent general elections 50 new members have been introduced to Parlia mentary life. A Mirage of extraordinary clearness (says the Echo) was seen from the deck of the British-India Company's steamer Sirsa during her voyage from Calcutta to Sydney. When the Sirsa was within 115 miles of Adelaide, the city of Ade laide presented itself in the sky, and so distinctly that all the churches and houses were plainly visible ; the surf breaking on the shore was also very noticeable. A ship in mid-ocean was also seen; her actual motion could be discerned with the greatest of ease, and strange to relate the Chingtu pasesd this very vessel a few ; hours afterwards. It was unanimously j agreed that the sight was one of magnifi cence, and it has been indelibly pressed upon the memories of all who saw it. A movement is on foot in the New castle district to present the Hon. G-. A. Lloyd with a testimonial in recognition of his past services. The other day, says the Mudgee Post, Miss Charlotte Sheppard, daughter of Mrs. Sheppard, Mortimer-street East, had a narrow escape from being seriously burnt. It appears that her brother (who is employed in the local Post Office) had come home for dinner. When in his room he heard his sister screaming and calling for him, and on rushing into the kitchen found her partly enveloped in dames. He at once knocked her down, and rolled her over several times, and promptly succeeded in extinguishing the flames. We are glad to say that Miss Sheppard escaped without the slightest injury. Her courageous brother, how ever, was not so fortunate, and had his hands burnt severely in several places. Dr. JefFeris, the well-known Congrega tional Minister, of Pitt-street, seconded by his congregation, has entered upon a fight against the granting of a license for the bar of the Criterion Hotel, which occupies the front part of the Criterion Theatre Buildings. Dr. Jefferis in person opposed the granting of the license—his church is almost next door to the pre mises—but the Bench gave a decision against him, whereupon he betook him self to his pulpit and denounced such de cision under seven heads. But one who knows has betaken himself to the press and makes rather short work of the whole —from 44 firstly" to seventhly. The Tenterfield Stab says :—On Mon day morning last Michael Eileen, an em ploye on the Stanthorpe railway line, was bitten by a snake. Eileen was lying in h«s hut about four o'clock that morning, when he felt a sharp puncture, which caused him to at once ascertain what it was. He jumped up, struck a light, and found " dirty looking blood" oozing from his finger. He at once applied a ligature below the joint, and scarified the wound, after which he resorted to the infallible expedient of "sucking." The internal application, of brandy and a good rousing about to keep off the dreaded sleep soon put the sufferer beyond danger. Eileen was in town on Tuesday, and did not feel 44 a pin the worse." A subject of great interest to both branches of the 44 legal" profession, and also of importance to 44 clients," engaged the attention of their Honers the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Faucett, and Mr. Justice Innes, sitting in Banco on Friday. In a case tried at Goulburn Quarter Ses sions two attorneys claimed the right of appearing for a man named Matthews, indicted for an indecent assault upon a young girl near Bowral. Judge M'Far laud, upholding an objection raised by the barrister acting as Crown-prosecutor, refused to allow two attorneys to defend Matthews, who was, therefore, attended by only one attorney, and was convicted. Against his conviction he now appealed to the Full Court, on the ground that he had a right to be defended by two attorneys, and their Honors took this view of the question submitted to them—a view sup ported by the previsions of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, read by the light of the seventh section of the Act 13 "Vic., No. 7, which conferred npon attorneys exactly the same rights of appearing for prisoners in courts of general gaol de livery. This being so, their Honors had no alternative but to quash Matthew's conviction, which, however, they did most reluctantly on such a technical point, the evidence against him being : conclusive. j A somewhat peculiar case was men- ! tioned in the Court by the Chief Com missioner in Insolvency, says the S. M. Herald, who stated that an insolvent had applied to he permitted to file his sche'hdp in forma pauperis, as he was without means to pay the Court fees. In an affidavit attached to his petition, in solvent swore that on the 17th December last he had his schedule of assets and liabilities prepared by a solicitor, having paid him £8 8s. to act for him, but he found that his schedule had not been filed. The Commissioner remarked that if this statement was true the solicitor referred to might find himself in a very difficult position, and that if wrong had been done it could be redressed by an application to a Judge in Chambers. As, however, insolvent stated that he had as assets an amount of £117, consisting of debts due to him, and had not been ar rested either on a writ of ca. sa., or ca. re., he could not say that the case was one of extreme poverty in which the usual fees could be remitted. The Maryborough correspondent of the Melbourne Age reports :—A mysterious fire, attended with a death under horrible circumstances, occurred on Friday after noon. Some men engaged in the erection of a building observed a hut on Black man's Lead, 200 yards distant, to be on fire. They proceeded to the scene, but the hut was reduced to ashes before any attempt could be made to stay the flameB. The men had observed the occupant, who is a native of India, and known as *'Black Adam," about the building half an hour previously, but did not think for a mo ment that he was inside. They, there fore, went back to work, and some time afterwards a man named Kendon was knocking about the ruins, and came across the charred head of Adam. He reported the matter to the police, who found the remains of the man horribly burnt, and totally unrecognisable, the head being burnt to a cinder. Deceased was lying across the room in front of the fireplace, and had been living in the hut for some years, and was in very indigent circum stances. He was an eccentric character, and was not considered to be quite right in his mind. It is surmised that he set fire to the hot, with the intention of de stroying himself, as he was frequently heard to talk of " burning the devil." The Cunningham correspondent of the Melbourne Age reports that a shocking boat accident happened on Lake Tyers on Thursday afternoon last. A party of four visitors, consisting of Miss Curtis and Miss Dunn, both of Sale ; Mr. Smith, of Brunswick-street, Fitzroy, Melbourne, and his son, a boy of 15 years, went upon the lake in the afternoon for a sail. The baot was in charge of a boatman named Jonsen. After sailing about that part of the lake fronting the aboriginal mission station, the boat was headed for the other side of the lake for Morris*s lake house. While rounding a point a strong gust of wind struck the boat,, and she rolled half over. Immediately the occupants endeavoured to right the boat, which they partly succeeded in doing, hut she had shipped too much water and sank. Jon sen, the boatman, tried to cut away the sail, but could not get the mast out. When in the water the two young ladies, as well as the other occupants of the boat, clung to the overturned boat. In this position they remained for about ten min utes, meanwhile shouting for help, but their voices could not be heard, as the wind was blowing off the land, and no one on shore happened to have seen the acci dent. The first to disappear was Mr. Smith, Sen., who from.the first had, ow ing to some weakness, been unable to< keep above water. His son held him up for some time, and when letting go said, " It is no use me holding father, he is dead." The brave young fellow nest lost his hold of the boat, but grasped an an oar, to which he clung for some min utes, lying in the water on his back until exhausted, when he also sank. The two ladies retained their hold of the boat for some time. This was a matter of great difficulty, as the boat was being knocked about a good deal by the wind. Miss Dunn sank next, and the boatman and Miss Curtis succeeded in clinging to the boat as it drifted bottom upwards to the opposite shore. Jonsen behaved bravely, and but for his efforts Miss Curtis would also have been drowned. They were over two hours in the water, and only reached the mission station in a very exhausted state. None of the bodies have been re covered. The Grafton Akgus says:—Several visitors to the cemetery grounds during the week give most lamentable accounts of the havoc caused by the recent floods amongst the graves and tombstones. The soil has been nearly washed out of the more recent openings, and tombstones and railings are either on the ground or at an inclination, making it absolutely dangerous to pass close to them; while the greatest caution is necessary against treading on reptiles hidden in the rank grass. At the best of times the appear ance and surroundings of the Cemetery were far from pleasant, and on several oc casions we tried to arouse a desire on the part of the public to do something towards putting the place in order. We feel sure if the trustees of the various portions opened a common fund, money—even in these hard times—would be forthcoming for this purpose. The Australasian says:—An indica tion of the enormous wheat traffic with which the Railway Department has had to deal in the Goulburn "Valley district is afforded by figures forwarded by our Nu murkah correspondent, who states that the number of bags of wheat and barley despatched from, the local railway station alone by tail for the seven weeks ending ' 9th February was 97,521, and for the week ending 16th February 19,129, mak ing a total of 116,650 for the past eight weeks. The prisoner who made his escape from the Queanbeyan gaol recently has been captured. Sir Henry Parkes appears to be favour ably impressed with the Victorian railway system. Bishop Barry preached in the Cathedral on Sunday for the last time prior to his departure for England for a period. The Australasian says:—A disease which is causing considerable mortality among horses has become alarmingly pre valent in several of the pastoral and agri cultural districts of the colony. The mat ter was brought under the notice of the Minister of Agriculture on Feb. 17, by a deputation from several agricultural so cieties, who desire state aid in the investi gation of the disease. The symptoms are described as similar to those of stringbalt, but the effects are quite different. Horses are dying daily from the disease, which is chiefly prevalent in Jan., Feb., March, and April, .but more especially during the latter two mouths. It is believed to be due to parasities in the intestines. Mr. Dow has promised to give the request his favourable consideration, and in all proba bility a competent veterinary surgeon will be engaged to make an exhaustive investi gation. The allowance to the Mayor of New castle has been increased to £300 a year. 