Intercolonial Topics The Phylloxera Board have reported to the Minister of Agriculture for Victoria as to the desirability or otherwise of permitting vines being planted in any portion of the Geelong district. The board reports that the disease is in existence at the two extreme points of the district The plough-trenching is not yet finished, and the condition that all affected binds must be laid down with grass before re planting, has been partially carried out The board there fore adhere to their former recommendation, that replanting be permitted on the conditions prescribed by the board. It is pointed out that in this matter the interests of the colonies are inseparably connected, and the hope is ex pressed that the Government of New South Wales will arm their Phylloxera Board with ample powers to eradicate the disease in the Camden district. The board state that the disease is unquestionably dying out, and with a Kttle more patience, and the exercise of care, it will be entirely exterminated. During the past few weeks bush-fires have been reported in various places in Tasmania, and some fencing has been destroyed. The drought has done serious injury to the crops, especially in the south. It i» expected that Parliament will be prorogued on Wednesday. Locusts are doing groat damage to the oat crops and vegetables in the Sandhurst district, Victoria. As yet the wheat crops have not suffered much, nor have the vineyards and fruit gardens been attacked. The Tatmanian of the 17th instant reports the following weather :— The weather in and around Hobart has been warm for the last week, but in some parts of the colony it has been dull and threatening rain, especially at Waratah. The Adelaide Observer of the 17th instant says :— Har- vesting is being carried on with energy, and some big crops are being realised. In some parts the effects of black nut in the crops are very marked. The weather round about on the whole has been, very hot and sultry, although, in several places heavy thunderstorms were experienced, especially at Quorn, Dublin, and Yatina. It is proposed to hold a show of live stock in connection ^itb. the Melbourne Exhibition. The Atutralasian reports of the crops in Victoria :— Tele- grams referring to the recent rainfall and its effects upon the narvestexhibit variance of tone according to the districts represented. That much damage has been sustained, both by the hay crops and the grain in oertain distriots, is not open to question. From Koondrook come reports of rather extensive damage from the rain beating down the drops, and causing haystacks to heat and apou. The Murray at that point was again higher than for many years previously. The damage to the wheat crops in so many districts has led to a rise locally in the value of old. At Tatnra 3s; 7d. and 3s. 8d. was asked on tb» 10th Instant for good samples of old wheat Bust is reported prevalent in the crops around Albury, Bridgewater, Wangaratta, and the Goulburn dis tricts generally. From Sale also come similar complaints. Locusts or grasshoppers, as they are promiscuously called, are very numerous in many important grain-growing dis tricts. When possible the crop s are being harvested out of theirraacheitherashay or stripped for grain. The accounts from the latter districts are generally of a more gratifying character, but for the occasional mention of locusts, which, in one or two instances, are debited with marvellous powers of consumption, crops being out down aad consumed in a very few hours. Caterpillars are also active in the South Western districts, and are likely to interfere with the grain crops, especially around Ondit and Wearing. 