mm?. Melbourne Gossip. By Marmion. The land speculation mania has abated. One of our leading auctioneers assures me it has come to' an end. ' And it was about time,' he added, ' for it has called into existence a number of mushroom firms, who engage in a reckless competition for the purpose of securing a share in the land-selling business, and have promoted and sustained the mania bv all sorts of illegitimate methods.' Certain it is that the hoard ings occupying the most conspicuous positions in and around Melbourne are no longer covered with posters representing emerald mountains, sapphire seas, and turquoise skies, as combining to form a seaside para dise where sandflies, hot winds, and mosquitoes are unknown, and where the beauties of Genoa, Naples, and Rio Janeiro are supposed to be presented by scrubby knolls overlooking a glaring beach. The touters who used to hang about the railway stations and pester you with the offer of free passes and a gratuitous luncheon, under a spacious marquee, have retired from the scene ; and the shabby-genteel men who were hired to attend the sales and make fictitious bids, and, tender cheques which were never intended to be presented, have disappeared. Printing offices are having a slack time of it, and the syndicates which used to buy up 'parks,' 'paddocks,' and 'reserves' anywhere within 12 miles from Melbourne are no longer in the market. It would require at least a million of people to occupy the building allotments which have been sold or marked out for sale within three leagues of the General Post Office. Their value is now declining, and a good many of them will be offered at a large reduction, I fancy, as the instalments of their pur chase-money fall due. In the meantime a good many buyers cannot meet their payments. ' We* have not only to renew credits to several of our customers,' said a soft-goods merchant to me the other day, ' but we have to lend them money to enable them to take up acceptances for land they have bought. We must help to keep them solvent, you know.' Looking over Thackeray's ' Book of Snobs,' the other daj', I could not help wishing that 6ome one whose knowledge of London society 40 years ago might have qualified him for the task had supplied a key to his famous portrait-gallery, for nearly all the characters introduced were taken from- the life. I happened to have known two of them — Wiggle and Waggle— who are delineated in two of the chapters on; ' Club Snobs,' and the conversation recorded as having* taken place between them actually occurred in theAthenseum Club, when the satirist— the only other person present — appeared to be .fast asleep in an easy chair. Wiggle is described, as a regular lady killer, and he certainly could boast of his bonnes fortunes in those days, although, probably, there was a spice of exaggeration in Thackeray's statement that he was accustomed to boast of his successes ' among 'the German countesses and Italian princesses whom he met at the tables d'hote ' on the Continent. When I knew Mr. Morland Crawford (Wiggle) in Paris, where he^died a year ago, he was a white-haired old gentleman, still handsome at 67 years of age, and the doyen of 'the foreign press in that city. He was married to an accomplished Irish lady, who has succeeded him, I believe, as Paris correspondent of the Daily Hews, and whose brightly written contributions to Truth are among the most interesting papers in that journal. He inhabited a pretty cottage on the edge of the Forest of Mont morenci, which his wife had bought out of the earn ings of her own pen. His habits had become thoroughly domestic, and his costume was the very opposite of what it had beenin the days when he wore flowered dressing-gowns and wrote amatory poems. Waggle is still living, a hale old gentleman, verging upon 80, with a lively intellect and a wonderful memory. The Rev. George Dods, late minister of the Scotch Church, from which the Rev. Charles Strong had been previously ousted, was entertained by his Mends pre vious to his departure for Scotland, a few days ago, and made a valedictory speech which has caused, quite a nutter in Presbyterian circles ; it was so outspoken and, at the same time, ' so terribly injudicious. He complained of the ' miserable men,' his co-religionists, 'to whom he owed his present position.' He charged some of them with 'deliberate falsification.' The Presbyterian clergy in this colony, he said, were un educated and were not gentlemen ; while ' the mem bers of the Presbytery were narrow-minded, ignorant, and bigoted.' Nor did he think the Church would gain much strength until there had been some first class funerals in Melbourne. '* Presbyterianism in Victoria,' he declared to be 'a miserable farce ;' and he announced his intention of showing it up on his return home. The Daily Telegraph, which has a minister of religion for its editor and principal leader writer, retorts upon Mr. Dods that he him self is a humbug, because he 'would accept for ignoble reasons a ministry he despises.' And while these reverend gentlemen are slaughtering each other in this undignified land un-Christian fashion, it is a significant fact that irreligion and indifference to all spiritual beliefs are alarmingly on the increase in this city, and that only one-third of its population attends the places of worship which are open every Sunday. We haye been suffering from a water famine for nearly, a week past. All the local reservoirs are empty, and ; we are consequently dependent upon the main from the Tan Yean reservoir, which brings us a supply only equal to half our average consumption. The fault rests with the department, which has been extending the reticulations of the service far and wide, without regard to the fact that there has been no com mensurate enlargement of the sources of supply. The. result is that those who have been paying water rates for something like 30 years, and by so doing have utaallj liquidated the original cost of the Yan Yean, have to go without their morning baths, and grow 1 and grumble accordingly. 1 Old Melbourne is in rapid process of disappearance. J At the present moment, two of the oldest and best 1 known corners in its leading thoroughfare are being I torn down with expeditious haste, one being the south- ] east angle of Russell and- Collins-streets, and the other, ' 1 the corresponding angle of Swanston and Collins j streets. Half a dozen two-storey houses, occupied I by dentists exclusively, are being demolished, in order 1 to make room for quite a palatial mansion, with an j imposing tower and cupola, which is tobe erected from I a prize design, for a surgical practitioner, who always 1 contrives to keep himself en evidence. The other block i is known as Black's Comer, and comprehended, among j other buildings, the original Bank of Victoria and the j Argus Hotel. The latter will be missed by many a - citizen identified with Melbourne in the fifties, on ac- I count of its associations. Thirty yerrs ago it was the j resort of some of the brightest intellects to be found 1 in the city. Its 'round table ' was an institution. j It stood on one corner of what was in reality a.vesti- I bule, dimly lighted, drafty, and uncomfortable. . ^ j But frequenters preferred it for luucheoii to the more commodious rooms upstairs ; j and thither they came at noon for the mid day deal, and again in the evening for a game of j whist. Barristers,' pressmen, actors, and politicians j gathered together in that secluded comer, where you would hear more brilliant things uttered in an hour than would be said elsewhere in a week, Aspinall . and Edward Whitty, Frederick Sennett, the founder 1 of Melbourne Punch, and most of its early contributors, ? G. V. Brooke, the tragedian, and Tom Nunn, the 3 clown, Charles Dillon, whose 'Belphegor' was so I excellent, -and Nelson, the veteran composer, Fred. J Younge, the comedian, and R. D. Ireland, the 1 barrister, and many others, of whom I. do not think ' j there are more than two or three survivors besides I myself, met there from day to day, and ' fleeted the time carelessly as they did in the golden age.' j Society had not recovered from, the levelling ! influences of the gold discoveries, and we were all more or less tinctured , with Bohemianism. There are much better hotels at the present time ; with elegantly^ appointed dinner tables, j damask napkins, and luncheons a la carte, but where is the conversation, where the flashes of wit and peels of .Olympian laughter that gave such an ex- 1 quisite relish to the grilled chop and potatoes, and tiie j ale served up in the pewter, which constituted our j midday repast in those- far off times? j Talking of hotels, I passed one at the west end of i the city the other day, kept by a Spanish landlord, . j with. the inviting : name of ' Gras y*Fuerte.' Sup- i posing it to be symbolical of the results of the good ' j cheer to be obtained within, Mr. Fat and Strong ' 1 could scarcely require a more attractive sign than his own patronymic. Hitherto we Victorians have been accustomed to speak of our climate in terms of the utmost com- ? placency, and satisfaction. \ We have no -' beautiful harbour' to point the attention of visitors to, so nothing remained for us but to fall back upon our I 'delightful climate.' If we had created it our selves we could scarcely have been prouder of it ; and when people arriving from Europe in the summer month have complained of the heat, we have replied, '.Well, it is exceptionally warm, but go to Sydney, i or Adelaide, or Brisbane^ and then you will have just ' cause to inveigh against the ardour of the sun and ' the torrid condition of the atmosphere.' Alas! the ! most resolute partisan of the superiority of the Vic- ; toriau climate over that of all other parts of the Aus tralian continent must now throw up the sponge. We have had a week of genuinely tropical weather when every one has been, as Sydney Smith, says, 'dusty and deliquescent;' when the sparest of pedestrians has ' larded the lean earth as he walked,' after the manner of Falstaff ; when the atmosphere has been surcharged with smoke from bushfires burn ing in all directions ; when the sun and moon have risen and set, blood-red in colour; when, there has been no breath of air to stir the rapidly-withering leaves on. exotic trees; when to venture oh the. sunny side of the street was to run the risk of having your face blistered by the reverberating heat and glare from the walls and from the pavemfent ; and when night brought no respite from the peculiarly oppressive, tropical tem perature, because, although the wind crawled round to the south so slowly aiid stealthily that you never, noticed the change, everything inside the house seemed to return all the caloric it had been accumu lating throughout the day. As a matter of course, the theatres have suffered considerably. People have gone for moonlight excur sions down the bay— one 6teamer ran aground, and remained; there all night— and numbers r of persons have spentjthe. eveiung in,, rising on the ^jimmys of the tram-tars for the sake of the current of jair which they encounter in this wise ; but the playhouses have been greatly neglected ; and if we have many more summers like the present one it is not improbable that managers will feel compelled to imitate the practice of their brethren in New York, and close their establishments during the ' heated term.' The approaching jubilee has called forth some of the silliest suggestions for its celebration it is possible to conceive. One proposition has been to ' spend £20,000 in sending home 1000 Victorian boys as samples of what we can raise in this par t of the world, while another was for the imposition of a tax on bachelors, so that the matrimonial chances of maidens, young and old, might be materially improved in the present year of grace. I am afraid the inventive capacities of the community are exceedingly sterile. There has been a suggestion from an outsider which is not unworthy of attention. The Vicar of. Stratford on-Avon invites us Australians generally to place a stained glass window in the church which holds the most precious ashes in England. The Americans have already done so. Their gift is a beautiful illus tration of the dramatist's Seven Ages of Man. If we follow then* example, we might advantageously offer a premium for the best subject that can- be chosen, and then entrust it for execution to some of the best artists of the day, 