! barnawartha. FIIOM OUR COIlUEBrONDENT. ' Sunny Australia; land of nuggets and one-pound notes; the favoured land of the three Ws. — wool, wine, and wheat ; of eminent statesmen, merchant princes, and squatting kings ; the nursery of the champions of the oar and the bat ; the land of the brave and the free. That sounds " pretty tall," no doubt, but ' thoro is something else I've omitted, a sort of an antidoto for the edification of tbo envious in th'o old world far, far away. I'll commence with the hot winds (the seething, scorching, briokflelderB), when the thermometer registers 115 and 120 deg. in the sbado, and next morning 61 or 62. No wonder you thrive and grow rich.'O, duly qualified knights of tho blue pill and lancet. Then there's the mosquitoes, that seem to moke a speciality of each vic tim, individually, irrespective .of age, colour, or creed ; the renownod blow fly, that is _ Boemingly f baled at a minuto|s notice, full-grown, capablo of making meat crawl several ways at once after it's defunot. i Next, tho bull-dog, soldier ant, and centipede, who possess the faculty, of making thoir presence known without an -effort ; then tbo snakes,- from tho whip to tho tiger, who can "do for vou " in obo round ; and lastly, tho black spider and scorpion, that can make you fly round like a cat on a hot griddle, and other vermin ad lililiim. Say you arc a fflfmer, and live on th'o Indigo Crook, North Barnawartha, Ruthorglon, or elsewhere. Well, thon, sometimes y»»» pan have — pleasure ftnpciung roiificl iiriH see the rust Ulsposd of your' crops, tie birds and the oidium dispose of your vineyard, the blight and flies dispose of your orchard, and tho native cats dispose of your poultry; or you can make a sortie on that bushfire that is dovouring all before it, and if you . l,V ponqdor jrofi cAii Kove the op portunity of looking at what is loft of your homostoad, and find your houBo, furmtiiro, out-houses, barns, implo- montB, grain and stock conspicuous by their absence, a few oharrod posts and the stone chimmneys being all that remain. Or, may be you aro a miner, and find; after 20 or 30 years' of hard graft, you can't . flake tour tuoker, while the best of vniit dava I have " gtttto biing," and tho sorewma- ticke are knocking at tho door. Or, perhaps you are a squatter, and find, to your sorrow and cost, that sheep can t live without water and grass, and as they quietly shuffle off " their mortal coil' by tile thousand you are privileged to "file your shovel" (or file your sohedule, I should say), take up your blankets and try frosn fields and pastures new. Ah ! this is a groat country, this is — free as tho wind that blows ; if you haven't got ehoes you can go barefoot. But why prolong tho agony j there's good luck and bad luck, rich and poor, happy and miserable, all the world over. Upon the whole it's a weary land to JX in. John ! bring up a bottle of 78 vintago from tho end binn, and don't shako it ; and Maud, dear, do tl7tt-at noff pieco of music of Zour- schkis and Zallansmutzh's, whilo I do an Havannah on tho balcony. Although Barnawartha proper can-, not number many thousand inhabi tants, nor does its area embrace a groat of square milos; yet it can boast of quite a number of ways of getting to Heaven. We have fol lowers of Wesley, the followers of Calvin, .Church of England, Roman OilflinlSn Him «/iI< /"Y#. 1 ! Al. ... et .7 v VU1A bUUUipiUZlD| Opi ntoaliatB, and a close who ao not pin their faith to any oroed, sect or ism, who contend the Sabbath was mode for man, not man for the Sabbath. Now, perhaps Mr. Knotemfost would say Barny was also possessed of a good many ways of gotting to tho " opposition territory," where tho gentleman in black (often irrevorently callod " Old Scratch " or " Auld Clontie," does tho honours of mino hoBt in a remarkably " warm " manner. Well, let's imagine it's Saturday night. Scene— Tho bar of Mack's Hotel. Company — Bill, Miok, Tom, Dick, and Harry. Severage— Long boors (it's very close). Subject — Cropa and prices, and the most suc cessful way to acqhiro a desired ond. Feeling — Unanimous, harmonious, friendlv and iolli — nil nf (Im mm mind. Now then, let's philoso phise a little, and review them. Well, after duo reflection, we have come to the conclusion that they have all exercised their reason, and we com mend them for it, as sensible men, their interests being identical. Now, let's reverse the picture, and look on the other side. Imagine it's Sunday morning, and we find nearly every one of the jolly good fellows of the night before, have laid their reasoning facul ties on the top-shelf, as they take down their hymn-book, and although their spiritualinterests areas identical as their temporal, each aspiring for the same goal, they pass each other in the street with a scarcely percep tible nod as each goes to his "only true church." How ik'ithisP There must be a screw loose somewhere. Men are usually commended for act ing and thinking for themselves in temporal matters, but in matters eternal, why they are commonly sup posed to come within the province of the knightB of the broadcloth and white choker, by whom a similar course of action is considered impious, irreverent, and sinful. Talk about common sense ; why it's a misnomer ; the proper phrase is simply "bosb." A good story is toid of an erstwhile denizen of our local soil (I musn't mention his name, for he's got a whopper of a shillelah and a tremen dous big fist). Well, upon one occa sion, when fat cattle were high, he withdrew his mob from the Albnry auotion sale because the highest bid obtainable was 5s. short per head of the £9 he had set his heart upon, eo be took them down to Melbourne per rail. The opening auotion hid for his bullocks was £11 per head, which quickly rose to £12, our worthy glee fully rubbing hie hands the while — £12 5s.— £12 10s.— £13— £13 5s.— £13 10s. — £13 15s. At this jnnoture P — — , no longer able to restrain himself, cried out, " Are they my cattle you're selling?" Upon being answered in the affirmative, he criea out, " Then for God's sake, knook them down, or I'll never be able to pay the commission." An old Barnawartha identity, who occasionally dadicates himself to the shrine of Bacchus, last Saturday night took rather more than was good for him, and, although not being ub young as lie was some fifty-five or Bixty years ago, for the time being felt he was a host in himself. Upon Constable Mnllcaughy quietly telling him he had better get home he became indig nant, and endeavoured to put tho officer " straight," using language more foreible than polite, whereupon Mullcaughy turned the tables on- him, and quietly put him straight inside the " logs," thence shunted him to Ohil- tern. At the present moment he is out on bail, looking very much like the little girl who fell down and broke the jug of milk, waiting the dread moment to appear before tho police magistrates. No doubt under exist ing circumstances, he would like to sell out, but the cbancaB aro be will shortly have an opportunity to " shell out." . A new peBt has put in an appear ance in Barnawartha, Indigo Creek, Mount Pleasant, and elsewhere, in the shape of a small fly or midge, Completely demolishing tlld frtfit gar- don and farm. In the event of theft stacking the vineyard the results wffl b'o iisafil'HWt . One of tiie officers fa'f tie Ttnciail' dandah Shire Council is deputed its interview the Mining Commissioners in Chiltern this week, with a viow of securing assistance to develop the auriforous resources of tho Indigo Creek water-shed. A mucii-roBpooted idndosiUbt of our neighbourhood, Mr. M. Anthony, whilst stripping in one of his out- paddocks on one of tho hot days last week, felt a touch of sunstroke and made for home, bat failed to reach it, pulling up at a neighbour's house in an unconscious state. Ho was kindly and speefiilt pilt to bod, and Dr. Haley dnd his friends iififlSdlately sent for. By the next evening he waB sufficiently recovered to justify his removal to his own homo. He is now pronounced ont of dangor, and progressing favourably. There seems to be a sort of fatality clinging to theBarnawarthagatehouae on tho Yackandandoh Road. Somo time ago the gatekeeper and his wifo, Mr, and Mrs. Howard, were both killed instantaneously one_ Sunday morning by a special . train. The present gatekeeper, Mr. Ryall, lost two of bis daughters, aged 16 and 18 about a year and a half ago, both buc- cumbing to typhoid, -fever. Two months ago bo lost his wifo, and laBt Friday ho lost another daughter, agod 15, Thoro was a post-mortem examination and magisterial enquiry, the verdict boing typhoid fover, but tho immediate cause of death was tho breaking of a blood-vessel in connec tion with the langs. The popular feel ing is that the place should bo burnt down, for it evidently barbonrs the germs of disease. Tbo funeral took place on Sunday afternoon at the Barnawartha cometory. 