CLARENDON. SATURDAY, November 19. (FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The new Land Bill has caused some discussion in the district Many consider it is the forerunner of still greater evil to the colony, and being in the hands of Mr. Thomas Garrett wiil in aU probability prove a very dangerous piece of machinery to the rising generation. We have in this neighborhood several instances of bad land lawB. The great lands of this colony are in the hands of a few, but the question of how they came there seldom, if ever, appears to cross the minds of our politicians. Whole runs have been secured by Volunteer land orders and barefaced dummyism. Men who perhaps never saw the light of day have been represented as holding selections for squatters under past land measures. In this district there are several thousand acres locked up in useless reserves whose soil cannot be surpassed in New South Wales ; but of what use is it to waste ink in writing about them when the present Minister for Lands turns a deaf ear to all petitions got up in favour of their revocation f Mr. Gormly is repeatedly hammer-and-tongs at them over the matter, but without avail. Miss M. E. Heffernan, who was a pupil at the local public school for two or three years, and now of St. Vincent's Ladies' College, was successful at the recent University examination. The grass has grown to an enormous height in the district, and should it remain long till the summer mouths come in, tremendous bush-fires will be the consequence unless people are very careful Our cricketers are very slow in arranging matches this season. No donbt they feel a bit sleepy after spending the better half of their time in rounding up the turkeys. The weather has been close and sultry for the past ten days, and unless we get a good fall of rain within the next weeks the cropB will not be as good as expected. The flies are very troublesome, and considering that our flesh is a bit soft they promise in make our faces about twice as big as their original size. 