AGRICULTURAL KOXSS. The clouds which were threatening a down pour when last week's notes were written, as on several previous occasions, passed away without discharging the rain which was so anxiously looked for. merely giving a sprinkling in the localities visited, and not bursting at all in the majority of the districts over which they hung so threateningly. Since then on t«ro or three occasions BimUar appearances and indi cations have presented themselves, but the promise held out has not been realised. Bain fell in Victoria last week after a good deal of threatening. The Australasian says :— 'The excessive heat and its lengthened dura tion were regarded as heralds of a change that would end the suspense as to some crops whose existence was in imminent danger. The fall was, however, in no instance heavy. The break in the drought haB been merely formal, the position being virtually unchanged. Some farmers who have fairly heavy crops of wheat in the central and other districts within reach of a market for bay are induced by the rise in value of the latter to alter their previous de termination and cut for hay, whilst in more distant parts the advance in wheat is still re garded as indicating the beBt line of epacula tion, A good report comes from Jeffcott absut Mexican wheat. A crop of this in fallowed ground is yielding from fire to six bags per acre. It in sound and looks like a good wheat for stripping, the heads being large and the straw dean. We regret to notice mention of over estimates of crop. Farmers who bought bags only ten days ago have found that they are over-Bupplied.' Since this was written another fall has occurred whioh was pretty general, but not of much advantage to the agriculturist beyond contributing to the stock of water in dams and tanks. At the close of last week a good steady soak ing rain fell aver a great portion of New South Wales, setting creeks running and filling dams and tanks, This welcome downpour will be very acceptable to the paetoraliat, but it is doubtful if the agriculturist will derive much benefit from it beyond getting a supply of water, as in most instances it has came too late to do any good to the crops. In New Zealand this year the crops will range from fair to very good, and as prices are high, that colony may be regarded as the most favored this season. It is reported that 'the silver lining is now apparent of the cloud that haB eo long hung over the destinies of the Greater Britain.' With the terribly dry weather which we have had for so long past, combined with the great heat which has been experienced, has arisen the fear of bush fires which generally come upon us at such times. Speaking of the probability of these terrible visitations ba conoing imminent in Victoria the Leader re marks : — ' It behoves every occupier of a stead ing, or even a cottage, in the country, to use his utmost endeavors to protect his property against the dreadful calamity, a bushfire. Buildings, stacks, fenoaB, and all other inflam mable materials should be at once made secure, if that has not been done already in a more leisurely time. Some may deem it a waste of labor to run plough furrows around the various portions of their property, but when they read of the disastrous effects of fireB in the adjacent colony, and which have commenced -here also, no reasonable persons could surely heaitate to at once set to work and do their utmost to secure their property, and it may b9 the lives of their families, against the destructive ele ment.' The writer of 'Dairy and Farm' in the Amtralasian, speaking of the cultivation of Incern, Bays :— *' I hare for some time held the opinion that lucern ought to be sown in drills, and I observe that recent experiments in sevaral .mnencan agricultural colleges nave resulted favorably to tbe system. The most success ful growers of lucern in this colony find that the crop is benefited by being harrowed after cutting, while if the ground is not stirred the plant soon becomes unhealthy, losing its quality of rapid growth. It is assumed that the plant is benefited by being torn about by the harrow, but it is more likely that the good is done by the cultiva tion of the soiL The importance of cultiva tion when irrigation is applied most ba evi dent to all who have observed the effect of watering in hardening the surface, and of course the best results with lucern cure obtained by means of irrigation. By sowing the lucern in drills it is possible to check the weeds and to stir the soil, using the horse-hoe freely after each cutting, an advantage which cannot be too highly valued. At three or fonr of the agricultural colleges where lucern was tried no success was attained except when drilling was carried out, and in every oase the drilled crops gave the beat results, Mr. Geo. Chaffey, of Mildnra, is strongly in favor of drilling lucern, and the system is certainly worth} of a thorough trial. The following method of altering a harvest ing machine given by Mr. James Sutherland, Derby, in the Bendigo Independent may be of service to other farmers whose crops may be too short in the straw for the ordinary reapers and binders. He says : — ' I took the binder off the harvester and substituted a hopper, a little wider than the elevators, in size and ehape like that of the case that cottage pianos are ehipped in, with the angle part of the case laid to the delivery breast ot the har vester ; the narrow top taken off receives the grain from the elevators, and by making a trap door of the bottom of the case by hinging at the back corner which is then the top of tbe door— the method of opening and shutting is done by the driver in his seat, who never needs to stop, but drops his hopperful neatly in a row in proportion to the thickness of the patches o! his crop. Owing to tbe windy weather that prevailed all last weak I had to make a deflector with a piece of board ing on the corner ; where the short grain comes from the elevatorB upon this deflector I have a email fork which works on a pivot, the handle being at the driver's hand. When the short grain has filled the front of the hopper one push of this handle would stow it back. I have cut 40 acres in about as many.hours with two email horses under 15 hands with no changes.' Mr. Gray, of the Lincoln Agrioultur&l; School, New Zealand, has analysed the scrub exterminator, and Mr. Ivey supplies the New Zealand Country Journal with the result, which was as follows : — 'Water, &o.; .. _ _ _ 9 4? - ArseDtoOB acid ... .. _ 65-91 Sodic sreenlte ) _ „ _ 12*10 Sodio carbonate .. _ _ . 4-57 Potaesio nitrate — _ _ ' 9U0 Ferric oxide _ _ . . _ ^-sa Undetermined, lose, &c.; _ «. 1*38 100*00 ♦Containing ammonia _ *17 That is. practically, about 76 per cent, arsenic, with about 10 per cent, carbonate of sodat 9 per cent, saltpetre, and a little hematite, ap parently ground together. Mixed with water aB directed, the solution wonld contain about 4 oz. arsenio per gallon for scrub, and 2 oz. for graBB, &c.; I need hardly say that there is nothing new in the uee of arsenic fox poisoning vegetation, Mr. Thompson (superintendent of the Dookie Agricultural College and farm, Viotoria) in forms the Leader that he has an immense number of applications for the new Stein wedel wheat which he has so suooesBfully culti vated this season. An area of 40 acres was sown with it, of which the yield was 30 buehela per acre, or a total of 1,200 bushels, which, at tbe selling price of 10s, par bushel, amounts to £600, or £16 per acre. On the subject of abortion in cows, a writer in a recent issue of the Ar/ricuUural Gasette eays :— ' Daring the past 30 years I have paid a good deal of attention to the subject, and I' have come to the conclusion that abortion in cows has two phaBes— a non-contagious one, arising from accidental causes, and tbe subtle and varied one, which can be carried by each and every available means of contagion; a complaint that ia ever on the wing, or travel, and which will never be wiped out until included in the clauses of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, and this I trust will be done by the new Board of Agri oulture. But what I wanted to s»y was, that in one case of abortion to a herd, extending over eight years , owing to a new infection being brought in from various eources, in addition to precautions suggested, the cam plaint at length succumbed after pigs had been introduced into the shippon. Formerly the introduction of etrong-smelling animals in cases of abortion was epokenof *rtft eapersti tion. We now recognise it aB a means of dis infection, overpowering for evil tb» smell from tbe aborted animals, and when a pig? tfe, made from the centre cattle stall of the ebippon, wm eet up and pigs placed therein, theetnell being ttua diSugecl throughout the shippon, and other precautionary measures not relaxed, the abor tion cea-ed.' In its report of the agricultural show held at Islington in October last the Agricultural Gazette says: — 'The increasing favor of the Jersey was one of the features of the occasion. No one can overlook the fact that the pretty breed is in very wide demand. It id satis factory, too, to have ascertained that the short horn still keeps ahead of all other rivals as th6 yield er of muoh and good milk. The milk ing trials prove that the beat Jersey return was not above three- quarters of the best short horn return. The owners of the Upper Clapton Dairy have persevered in keeping in evidence the great value to the milk seller of cow a bred between the shorthorn and the Holstein. And, in quantity of milk, the cows so bred always take a high position. But whereas the best of those shown in 1888 got 120 points, in the milking trial four shorthorns exceeded it — one of which cams from the same Olapton Dairy. Altogether the results of the dairy show of 1888 are encouraging to the English farmer. It has once more proved that no cattle are better for the dairy than are his : Hol stein, Jersey, Kerry, none beat in the trial for quantity, quality, and length of lactation— the genuine English breed.' Referring to the butter-making competition the same journal has the following, from which perhaps a few hints may be gleaned by butter makers here :— ' The championship fell to the lot of the well-known name of IVlisa Fanny Holmes, of Ashlyns Hall, Berkhampstead, with Mibb Keel, Bristol, second, and Mrs. Holmes third, the other three competitors gaining a v.hx. Miss Holmes was able to get her supply of cream cooled down to 56° 1'ah., and commenced churning at 80 strokes per minute, and afterwardB at 70. Butter came in 30 minate3 in a beautiful granulated condition, and was shown round to the onlookers. Mrs. Holmes churned at the same rate as her daughter, while MisB Keel began more slowly, but afterwards increased. Mr. Walker, the winner in the first day's competition, also churned fast and had butter in 20 minutes; while Mr. Oottam, by going at nnder 50 per minute, took 70 minutes to get butter. Miss Keel and Mue Barron churned at over 50. We may here remark that we do not think that slow churning is desirable with an end-over-end churn. We have never been able to bring butter with one of these kind in a reasonable time at lees than 80 or 90 per minute. Of course, a great deal depends on how full the churn ia, as a email quantity of cream will receive more 'dashing* than if there is too much. In the case of churns provided with dashers, however, slow work will do, as these practically have a double action.' What is erroneously termed vaccination as a cure for blackleg in cattle is (says a contempo rary) being found successful in California. It consists in making a pill of one part asafcetida, one part Baltpetre and one part garlic, which are mixed and rolled into a small pill. A cross cut is made on the under aide of the animal's tail about 3 inches from the root, and a little pocket made by separating the skin from the fleBh, into which the pill is insertad, and binding the wcund with a bandage around the tail. The medicine will make the animal Irieky for a time, but it is not only a preventive but a certain cure for the disease. 