Telegrams. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) ALBURY, SUNDAY. An old man named John Blackman, lately engaged in shearing, was choked to death by a large piece of meat becoming impacted in his throat. The entries for the annual show of the Floricultural Society closed last night. The total entries received number 300, which shows a large advance on previous years. MONDAY. The body of the man recently drowned, which was re- covered a few miles down the river by a fisherman named Wilson, was fully identified as that of Gottieb Lange, by his son William. The money known to be in deceased's possession was found intact. At the coroner's inquest to day, a verdict of accidental death by drowning was returned. ALBION PARK, TUESDAY. A large meeting was.held last evening in the Carrington Hall, the Mayor of Shellharbour presiding. It was resolved that a deputation from the Borough Council wait on the Minister for Public Works to urge the completion of the railway station, at Oak Flats, to be named the Albion Park station; that trucking yards be erected; that the mails be carried by train and delivered at the railway station ; and that an overhead bridge be erected at the South Coast road. BROKEN HILL, TUESDAY. The miners have subscribed about £20 towards the erec- tion of a school and reading-room for the children and themselves. The building in just completed, and will cost about £100. Forty-five children will attend. Ten weeks ago a petition was sent to the Government, ask- ing for assistance in this object, and that a teacher should be appointed, but no reply was received till a day or two ago, when a letter was received from the Education Depart- ment, saying that the matter would be considered. Mr. Woolley, engineer for the Silverton Tram Company, has completed a flying survey of the proposed extension of the tramway from Broken Hill to Memndie. He reports the distance is about 69 miles. There are no special engi- neering difficulties to contend against, and the only bridge of any size would be one over Stephen's Creek of about seven spans 40ft. each. BURROWA, OCT. 19. Denis Dwyer, a farmer at Burrowa Hills, aged 40, was killed last night by falling from his dray while proceeding homewards. Twelve years ago Mrs, Dwyer's first hus- band, whose name was also Dwyer, was killed by a dray accident, and about three months ago her eldest son, aged 16 years, met with a violent death while hare-hunting. BATHURST, MONDAY. It is understood here that the present gaoler at Berrima is to be appointed to the new gaol at Bathurst, from which A. Forbes, an old and respected Government official, retires at the end of the month, under the superannuation fund. Twelve additional warders and 300 prisoners are expected to arrive in the course of the next 10 days. BLAYNEY, MONDAY. Messrs. Gipps and Cummings, civil engineers, have just arrived at Blayney, having made a flying survey of the railway line from Blacktown to Blayney. This second survey fully bears out Mr.Gipps' statement, that on an easy gradient this line would open up a magnificent mineral, agricultural, and timbered country, which would otherwise be inaccessible. BINGERA, TUESDAY. This morning the Lands Department notified the land agent here of his removal and the closing of the lands office at the end of the month. The whole town was immediately roused to protest against this action. Over 50 persons assembled in Doyle's sample-room before 11 a.m., and arranged for a monster indignation meeting on Saturday next. Telegrams were sent to the Minister for Lands and several members of Parliament. There has been a move- ment on foot to get the land agent appointed C.P.S., and the place is now about to be incorporated. CORAKI, OCT. 19. There is a strong feeling of dissatisfaction abroad at the danger to life and property by the delay in proceeding with come improvement to the river entrance. COWRA, Monday. The Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Roman Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, has been on an official visit to this portion of his diocese during the past few days. Yesterday morning he admitted about 70 children to confirmation, and during the afternoon consecrated and blessed the Catholic section of the local cemetery. At the Police Court to-day a case of sheep-stealing of considerable interest occupied the attention of the magis- trates. The prisoners were William Ryan and Denis Cass, and after lengthy evidence had been taken the accused were fully committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, to be held on the 1st November. Mr. Russell, of Young, appeared for the defence. Joseph Pickering, on three charges of forgerv, was remanded for the production of evidence. Bush fires are raging in close proximity to the town, and in consequence the weather is very hot and trying. The grass is being rapidly burnt up, and in some parts water is becoming scarce. TUESDAY. A special meeting of the borough council was held last night, for the purpose of receiving and considering the assessor's report upon the capital value of all rateable pro- perty within the town boundaries. It was estimated, at £132,562 16s. 7d., and the annual values at £13,582 5s. The rate to be charged on the rental value of building pro- perties was fixed at 5 per cent. The meeting closed after the consideration of some more matters. DUBBO, SATURDAY. The reported escape of a prisoner from Dubbo gaol turns out to be untrue. The gaol is one of the best conducted institutions of the kind in the colony, mainly owing to Captain Pope's efficiency and care. Mr. Justice Stephen, after the last Circuit court, visited the gaol and compli- mented Captain Pope on its order and appearance. After a very hot day on Thursday, ending in a dust storm at night, a very cold and strong S.W. wind was blowing. Yesterday, being a public holiday for the races, was em- ployed by a large number in private picnics in the bush. Mr. Conder, chairman of the Land. Board Inquiry Com- mission, arrived yesterday, and at once commenced work. The rest of the Commission will arrive on Sunday, and commence work on Monday. Mr. Bell, the second member of the Land Board, has declined to attend Coonamble till his arrears of travelling expenses be paid. MONDAY. The Bathurst, Nyngan, and Dubbo Gun Clubs meet in a three-corner match at Dubbo on Tuesday. The Rev. Mr. Prescott, of the Wesleyan Ladies' College at Burwood, is visiting here. He preached morning and evening at the Wesleyan church to large congregations. The Dubbo coal owners are jubiliant at the favourable report of their coal from the Cobar mines, where 10 tons were sent for trial. The weather is cool and calm. There is no sign of rain. GILGANDRA, MONDAY. Extensive bush fires are raging on the Warrumbungle Mountains, Rouse's country ; and also up the Castlereagh, on Breelong, Mr. Mowbray's country. GUNDAGAI, SATURDAY. The installation of officers of the Masonic Lodge Loyalty for the ensuing year took place on Friday. Besides the members of Lodge Loyalty, there were brethren from the Excelsior Lodge, and from the Adelong, Tumut, and Cootamundra lodges. Altogether about 40 were present to take part in the ceremony. The installing master was P.M. Bro. James Elphie, of St. Clair Lodge, Adelong, assisted by P.M. Bro. Bushell, of Excelsior Lodge, Gundagai. The installed officers were Bro. Croker, W. M. ; Bro. Mathews, S.W. ; Bro. McCabe, J.W. ; Bro. Week, treasurer; Bro. Matchett, secretary ; Bro. Somerville, J.G. ; Bro. Morano, tyler. After the ceremony was over the visiting brethren were invited to a cold collation at Host Bro. Archer's, when the usual loyal and Masonic toasts were honoured. There is some talk about the two local lodges amalgamating. MONDAY. The first general practice of the Gundagai Rifle Com- pany took place on Saturday afternoon. W. McCook, jun., F. McCutcheon, Givney, W. McCook, sen., A. Hunt, and E. Milne made the highest scores. The range is a first class one, and the shooting all round was above the average for beginners. The club is getting on well, and the public are manifesting much interest in it GOULBURN, TUESDAY. A girl named Elsie Alice Bell, 3 years of age, daughter of a farmer residing near Windellima, was on Friday last play- ing with other children at her home. On going to the fire for some purpose, her dress became ignited. The child rushed outside to her father, who happened to be near by, and he extinguished the flames. The girl, however, was severely burned about the body. She lingered in great pain till Sunday morning, when she died. Bushfires are burning all round the town. GRAFTON, TUESDAY. There is an abundance of grass and water in the district, and plenty of unstocked country. Cedar is coming to town in large quantity. It is expected that 60 leading men of the district will go on the deputation to the Minister for Public Works on the 16th November to urge the immediate carrying out of the railways and harbour works. A large and comprehensive map showing the features of the country to be served by the railways has been prepared, and copies will be distri- buted among the members of Parliament and others in- terested. There never was more interest exhibited in the movement than at present, and if the efforts of the deputa- tion fail on this occasion it will have a most damaging effect on the district. Many selectors nave put up with great hardship in the hope that the Government would fulfil their promises and give them an outlet for their produce. JUNEE, OCT. 19. Mr. James Rowe, railway stationmaster here for many years, has been presented with a gold watch by the Pres- byterian body, and with a chain and locket by the Good lemplars, on the occasion of his removal to a similar position at Liverpool. KIAMA, SATURDAY. The fire at Mr. Muir's store last week formed the sub- ject of an inquest held to-day by Dr. J. S. Wilson, before a jury of 12. A great deal of evidence was taken, but no light was thrown upon the origin of the fire, and the jury returned an open verdict. MONDAY. A flower service was held at Gerringong, in St. George's Anglican Church, which was beautifully decorated for the occasion. The building was crowded. The butter factory at Gerringong continues to be well patronised. Between 1100 and 1200 gallons of milk are being supplied daily. The people of Kiama very much appreciate being able to read the Herald at 1.30 p.m. on the day of publication. On Saturday night and yesterday this town and district were waited with a turn of the coldest weather ever ex- perienced here in October. There was a strong southerly wind, and heavy sea of breakers along the coast, heard for many miles. Neptune's Fountain on Blowhole Point was never seen to such advantage by residents of 25 years' standing. It was visited by hundreds of people. An immense quantity of sea-weed, in some places many feet deep, is strewn along the beach. LITHGOW, OCT. 18. The sufferers by the late gun accident at Hartley Vale are progressing favourably towards recovery. Dr. Gibbons has extracted all the pellets of shot which he thinks likely to do injury. Upwards of 100 grains of shot struck the three girls. Three coal mines had to stop work to-day owing to the want of railway trucks. Throughout this week the neces- sity of tracks has been felt, but to-day the Eskbank, Lith- gow, and Tale of Clywdd Mines had not enough to start work with. At Eskbank Ironworks several tons of goods are lying waiting only for trucks to be taken away. MONDAY. Several bush fires are burning on the hills round Lithgow. Owing to the intensely dry weather they are spreading rapidly, doing great havoc among the timber, but have not as yet approached near settlement or houses. The Lithgow Colliery Company, in order to prevent more, have offered a reward for anyone caught setting fires on their property. MITTAGONG, MONDAY. Bush fires have been raging since Friday last at Bargo, six miles from Mittagong, where the soil fosters a dense vegetation. So far, grossed paddocks and fences have been saved. MOAMA, TUESDAY. Edward Byrne was committed for trial by the Moama Bench on a charge of stealing four unbranded horses from Pitty's Wamboota Station. Immense quantities of New South Wales wool are arriv- ing daily at Echuca Wharf. Four steamers cleared with general merchandise for various ports yesterday. The weather is hot. Stock crossings have diminished. NARRABR1, Oct. 19. The Land Court to-day dealt with J. Sheldon's caveat against Whiteman's application, the land agent having thrown out plaintiff's application and refused him a ballot, as being lodged too late, namely at four minutes past 10. Sub-inspector Burns was called as a witness. He deposed that on the 27th September last the land office doors were opened at six minutes before 10. Other evidence to the same effect was taken, but the board dismissed the caveat, recommending the caveator to send the papers in the case to the Minister. Hugh Taylor applied for re-fencing a con- verted pre-lease. The board stated that the application was unnecessary under the Amending Act past last year. In the inquiry re Helena Taylor's appeal, referred back from the Minister, Hugh Taylor appeared on behalf of his sister. He produced bills showing the value of the improvements. The board recommended the inspector to make another inspection and report. The board recom- mended the resumption of a portion of the town common for a travelling stock route, another area to be given over to the council in lieu. The board are now starting for Wee Waa. NEWCASTLE, MONDAY. A valedictory banquet was tendered at the Clarendon Hotel on Saturday night to Mr. T. Boag, late locomotive superintendent of the Great Northern Railway, by the employees of that department upon his retirement from the service. The proceedings were very successful. At the Newcastle Borough Council meeting to-night the Mayor read a minute reporting an interview with Mr. John Mackenzie, Examiner of Coalfields, who wished to know the opinions ot the council with reference to the applica- tion which the Government have received for leas- ing certain land situated at the south end of the breakwater, near the pilot and boatmen's house, for coal-mining purposes. The Mayor asked an expression of opinion from the council. Aldermen Moroney, who had presented a petition from 300 citizens against the mining project, moved that the council enter its strenuous protest against any area of land being laid aside within the city boundary for mining purposes. He also suggested that the petition be forwarded to the Minister for Mines for his information. Alderman Gibb seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Objections were taken that the proposed industry would endanger the city property, besides being an intolerable nuisance. PENRITH, OCT. 18. The building, furniture, and wearing apparel, the pro- perty of Thomas Carter, of Castlereagh, six miles from Penrith, were completely destroyed by fire yesterday after- noon. The property was covered by insurance to the amount of £600 in the Phœnix office. The house and farm were advertised for sale next Wednesday. An in- quiry will probably be held. PATERSON, MONDAY. A bazaar was held on Thursday and Friday last in the local School of Arts. The proceeds are in aid of that insti- tution ; it was very largely attended, and the amount realised waB £62 odd. We are having real spring weather—warm days and chilly nights. PAMBULA, MONDAY. The weather has been excessively cold, the 20th being the coldest day this year; but the country looks verdant and the crops healthy. Ploughing is being proceeded with for the maize crop. The Bishop of Goulburn, accompanied by Mrs. Thomas, arrived last night. During the week the Bishop confirmed 69 persons at Kameruka and Colombo. He preached at Candelo, and in St. Luke's, Wolumla, which was used for the first time. A meeting was held on Saturday at Pambula, and a confirmation service was held on Sunday. PICTON, MONDAY. Extensive bush fires have been raging in the district during the last four weeks. Fully 20 square miles of country have been burnt, and large quantities of fencing and split timber have been destroyed. The fires are still burning. No destruction of homesteads is as yet re- ported. QUIRINDI, OCT. 19. A meeting was held here last night for the purpose of forming a local Reserve Rifle Company. Mr. Edward Underwood, J.P., presided, and about 30 interested per- sons were present. Mr. Underwood was appointed captain, and Messrs. T. Dickson and Whawker secretary and treasurer respectively. A committee of five was elected to manage, in conjunction with the three ex officio members, the affairs of the company. Twenty-five members were duly sworn in. The company is likely to be popular, and many more persons, it is anticipated, will join. MONDAY. Senior-constable Ward met with a serious accident here this morning, through his horse bolting. Ward was thrown to the ground, and sustained a slight concussion of the brain besides a fracture of the right leg above the ankle. Ward had been stationed at Wallabadah in this district for 10 years past. QUEANBEYAN, MONDAY. The Times printing plant was sold to-day, under the Sheriff's order, in the case of Price versus O'Neill. Mr. Geo. Tompsitt was the purchaser for £245. The weather continues dry. Bush fires are burning all round. RTLSTONE, SATURDAY. Great dissatisfaction is expressed here at the cessation of work at the Rawden mine through no coal trucks being available for the purpose, and all operations have had to be suspended in consequence, thus throwing a large number of men temporarily out of employment. MONDAY. Bush fires are raging in dangerous proximity to the town, and are continuing to spread. The appearance of matters is really alarming. WENTWORTH, OCT. 19. In the case Holding, J.P., v. Christie, heard on 6th instant, for defendant using insulting language, viz., " That shows you are not fit to sit on the bench," defen- dant pleaded guilty, and was adjudged to pay £1 fine, and £4 9s. 10d. costs. These were paid, and the magistrate (Mr. A. F. Cudmore) left the bench. Subsequently he returned, and adjudged a further sum of £2 2s., expenses for witnesses. Defendant refused to pay this sum, and on the 10th instant the original sum was refunded to defen- dant. To-day a warrant was issued for the arrest of Mr. Christie, unless he paid the original £5 9s.10d. Having paid it once, and it being returned to him, he has refused to pay it again, and has gone to gaol for 14 days. There is much excitement in the town in consequence, as the stand taken by Mr. Christie is commended. TEMORA, MONDAY. Edward Dempsey's house, in Hoskins-street, was totally destroyed by fire, last night. The weather continues dry and hot. The crops, from 9in. to 12in. high, are coming into ear. WOLLONGONG, OCT. 19. It is stated that efforts are being made to induce the railway authorities to run Sunday trains to the Illawarra district, which it is said would be largely patronised. Before the extension to Wollongong, Sunday trains ran to Waterfall. The Salvation Army did not parade the streets last night, as all the officers (5) are in gaol. The others did not ap- pear to care about the risk of being locked up. MONDAY. There was a heavy sea running yesterday, and a strong south-cast wind. The sea has gone down, and is almost calm now. A good many strangers are in town, attracted by the forthcoming races. James Edward Blaney, master of the ketch Violet , trading from Sydney to Wollongong, was charged with not flying the requisite flag on arrival in the harbour, he having explosives on board. Defendant alleged that his flag was blown away, and on arrival in Wollongong he had to bor- row a flag, which he hoisted as soon as possible. The breach of the Act was considered proved, and defendant was fined £5 and costs. On Saturday night a single member of the Salvation Army paraded the streets, playing a cornet. He was fol- lowed by a great crowd. The inspector of nuisances took his name, and laid an information the same night. The constable who served the summons went into the barracks, when those present fervently prayed for his conversion, and then accepted service. It appears the Army intend contend- ing that one person parading the streets, though followed by a crowd, cannot come under the designation of a pro- cession. TUESDAY. It has been blowing a fresh southerly wind all day. The wind died away, and there is every appearance of rain. The greatest satisfaction is expressed at the assurance given by the Minister for Public Works to Mr. Woodward, M.L.A., that the Wollongong water supply question will be submitted to the Cabinet at the earliest opportunity, which is badly needed. The recent heavy wind having completely cut away the young grass, unless a fall of rain comes very soon, matters connected with farming will have a gloomy lookout. YOUNG, TUESDAY. For the present up to date 5438 bales of wool have been forwarded from Young railway station. The weather continues very hot and dry, all indications of rain having passed away. The condition of the crops is very serious, and in many instances they are worthless. 