LENEVA. (FROan OUR OWN\ COItRESPONDNST.) No bushfires this week, I am luhappy to: say, but something hetter-somoething - which has refreshed the worn-out fire bjaters, and has proved a killing superior to the monsteru which has boon doerns tating our surrounding ranges lately. Weo have at last been blessed with a down-.. lpur, of the long-looked-for rain, which. will dol an iSmolenso amount of good to. the tobacco and other crops, and will fairly be the making of the grape crops. A well-kno'wn' sayisg runs thus:-" It is. an ill wind that blows nobody any good;'" but it sioms to'melit is im oextraordinarily good wind that blows nobody any harm. For, .althe.ugh. wee have been so eagerly.' wvishing. for, a downlpour of the precious.- " fluid, now that- it'has come people are to be foun4.'whll. aro praying that it, will not continue, 'in',:ordoe thah-they ay be,, enabled, to gather a dry harvest. Thu vilte?,irids in.thotlo,loealities look': pleondid. I Olinlittod 'to , miotion inr my last a , blggy- accitlont., which might, haiv been attended with' far mtore serious- results. Whilst Mrs .Koshel,. an, old lady residing on the LBeeehwortth road, at Lenova, was in tihe act of stoppion into her luggy, which was attached '0oa rather -spirited h1orse, the animal begat to plunge and roar; freeooing itself from its holder's grip. Tho, affrighted animal bolted with the . vehicle through some scrub, capsizing the buggy asd smaslling it:to pieces. Once , slmore free, the animal began to tear along • the road to heo front of Mr Paterson's, whore it was caught. Fortunately no serious accident occurred. Tlhe.. sporting days of the year are . appioaching, 1and at present one can't. take up, a..nlewspape to .indulge in a . quiet read without mooting with a', peassa'ge runninig solewhllat after the , style of " Boxing Day races at such and I such a place," or, "Now Year's. sports.' in another place." For my own part, I -should far sooner be seated .comfortably t.nmy.table, witll books to suit my choice . ilr front of ano, than to he wasting iny tiln onl a racecourse. I anm nlot a. 'hlQrsCy " man. I think I have attelldod two race. meetings in my lifeo; if tIlle Lonova races are worthy of mention, aad a I ' was.a.one .tlh wiser, Mlr Editor, on lonaing.thanl I .was on going, for I saw exactly whalt I 'fully expected to see to wit; in. each race one horse ran fester - than the. others.., But with regard to . those w hc,takeo a lively interest in be holdingl a-numbor. of quadrupeds ridden by bipods;;o those who lve the conttinual'' chatturingaud -'screelching of those con founded "-poppy:lshows;" to those who enjoy the din ,of .head-splitting merry go-rounds; - to., those.. who deem it bravo. to face. the insults of a numalber. of cureiug, carousers, . whoseo mail ambition throuh .life is blowing the froth .off a pint,.of bece, and gulping it down as though -their.- future lives de ponded (upon thopoison.whicli has robbed thean of thel slark .of. hulanity, whicht they once possessed, and 'to .those who. , tloroughly unnder-stald tile ins and outs ,.f the " I lays," 'and twhose greatest dlesire is to lay their .last shilling on a Monttor--T simply say [ -wish them no harm, but sincerely hope that. they will spead a very .mrryy Boxing Day.-. Amon. 