Cjre liibmiic Brriift (PUBLISHED DAM, Echuca : Thuhsiuy, Decemeep 27, 1888 The Weathek,—Yesterday and Christmas .Day were most undoubtedly, the hottest experienced this year. On Tuesday the . thermometer rose to 100° about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and the heat continued . throughout the night. yesterday, about 1 o'uloci the thermometer rose to 108°, but after sundown the wind changed to the ■outli and west, cooling the atmosphere to a considerable extent, and driving before it clouds of dust and smoke. As a result of the extreme heat bushfires broke out to the south, east and west, the dense smoke from which quickly filled the town to such an extent iib to obscure objects only a few yards distant, showing the close proximity of the conflagration. Just before sundown the disk of the sun became visible through a rift in the smoke, and had a most singular appearance—strongly resembling a huge ball of tire, while the scintillations on the edge of the clouds partook of the saino hue - to all appearances resembling an immenso conflagration. This lasted for a considerable timo, and attracted much attention from its singularity. A few drops of rain fell shortly after 7 o'clock with every indication of a heavy downpour during the night. At Deniliquin the heat of the past two days was excessive. On Tuesday it is stated to have readied 113° ; yesterday it was 110°— a temperature somewhat uncomfortable to •white folks. New Skatino Rink.—The good people of Rochester will soon be able to enjoy the pleasures of the rink as well as their neighbours. TIiobo enterprising buildors, Scott Bros., are about erecting a rink which they state will bo coaiplete und perfect in every detail, and will bo the coolest and moat attractive rink outside of Sandhurst. No pains or expense is to be spared in carrying out their idea. j Heavy Thunderstorm.—Shortly before midnight a heavy thundorstorm accompanied with rain passed over tho town j the lightning, which was "chain," was particularly vivid, whilst, tho thunder which quickly followed each Hash reverberated with remarkable foroe, showing the closeness of tho electric currents. The storm had the effect of at once lowering tho temperature to soniothing bearable. The Old Custom Houke.—Now that tho Moama Progress Committee) lias been formed and is actively alive to tho interests of the township, it would bo desirable to have somo settled place of meeting, and in this view, the old custom house, which is now vacated, would form tho most eligible as well as commodious place in which to hold their weekly or monthly meetings. We understand that application haB already been made > by tho School of Arts for permission to hold I their meetings there, and as thore is plenty of room for both, there is no tangible rea-1 son why bu'.h j i.r. bo gianted. Ouk Wateu tfivviv.—Wo aro very apt to disparage our own possessions and none more so than our water supply, whilst scarcely a city or town in tho colony but is absolutely, in some parts, without wator,—hear what Port Melbourne says—At vir«sent the supply was totally inadequate for even household consumption, quito apart from the question 'of fire prevention or motive power, and severbl speakers stated that frequently from 7 o'clock in the morning till 8 o'olock at night there was not a drop of water to be had. On a hot day it was not unusual to soe men, womon and childrou on their knowt sucking water from the plugs in the street, and it frequently happened that the firemen were engaged in pumping tho water from the main with a hydrant for domestic purposes, which had to b« brought in bucket*, AStronomkui.—The only two planets j which now graco our western sky after suiv j iown are Yenus and Mars, and thess are J rapidly approaching each other (apparently) although their distance apart may be millions of miles. Duriug tho next fow (1 days Venus will cross to the north of Mars, 1 passing very close to that planet. ' Country Monioipauties and Borrowing Money.—Some people think Borough Councils can borrow money just as they please. Hero is tho caso of tho Mary- ' borough council, recently advertised for tenders for the purchase of debentures an>ount- ' ing: to £6000, bearing interost at the rato of 5 per cent., for tho purpose of carrying out public works, but not a singlo tondor. has been received, and tho council has withdrawn tho loan from tho market for the present. Two years since the borough floated a loan of £7000, which was taken up i at a premium. 