URANA. .. .v!: , : SAIOBDAT,March 10. (FBOM OUB OWN > OOBBESPONDENT,) *<Tfae winds " here foir the last few days haVe t>eeu ** blowing and cracking their cheeks. 4 ' In this, however; there is nothing wonderful, oon- . eidenng thatthe period 'of the ..equinox is now .^iqeg ppon-tiBj but th? fact is noticeable, forthe reason that for the time named, the weather fibs been bitterly cold. The glass certainly has nlot as yet fallen to freezing : point, but has ranged between] ^Qdeg.and 44deg f (at night;, while by diiy the thermometer has generally shown, between 60deg.aqd fiodeg,,, Jjistnowiweieel such , a /cG^di#on 7of things pipre jth^n ,we should do a couple of months hence, owingto title rapidity and suddegneps 9fthe change^rpm heat to cojd. It ismoce tjian'probabls thatas the last summer began Very early and continued.long .severe in its heat, so ^hppwinter vyill set in soon, land-jjroJve Doth long and hard. It may, perhaps, have' Already commenced,,,for , toe . oonntry round abojit is,now Conning Its.. hibernal garb |of green. Notwithstanding this, bushfires a till : .continue,,,tf> rage in -jthe-district, ,there beihgJ two in full blast at the' present of writing—one in the direction .of Boijee {^e^c, the othflf;inJ;hat of Urangeliae or Wal- 'landoon. t their exact locality I liave not yet ' ^wh&l; 6ne pn^;BqiaQ, r 8caliB here last .'.-week,f&i;&jr;&ptied; in burning someeightwres : ot giiman the common, but which was got under : bythe help bf 'willing hands fromthe township before it reached the'scrub, in which, had! it once entered, thousands of acres must have be£n •laidwaste. ••" !•> • On the 2nd'the T^olar 1 monthly : meeting of thebospital cooufaitteewas held ; present—Rev. B. Thwaites (chairman), Messrs, Hays. Newton, Sargood, Dr^Coscaden, and (by proxy) Messrs Kiigoiir, .CuUey, and: Lublin. The minutes of the previous meeting having been confirmed, a letter was read from the Inspector of Charities inquiring into the truth of certain allegations made by Mr. Fealy as to the management of the hospital. A special meeting to consider these had been called for that day, but it was resolved that owing to the paucity of attendance just then, the meeting come off on the 16th, and that the secretary be instructed to send out circulars to that effect. He was also instructed to write to Mr. Bde, the contractor for the new wards, asking him when he will be prepared to continence operations. The passing of the month's accounts brought the business of the meeting to a dose. In the police court on the same day a drover named Lamrock, in charge of sheep travelling from Victoria to Grong Grong, appeared before. •Messrs. Culley and Newton, J.P.'s, charged by! the inspector with not, on Febraary 10th, having moved the sheep the required distance. The de-j fendant pleaded guilty, and the inspector asked, the Bench to inflict a nominal fine, ou the ground^ that the former was controlled by, but did not himself control, circumstances. A fine of Is. was inflicted, with costs of court (4s. 6d ). When this case had been disposed of, the in- quest into the origin of the fire which consumed, the Greensgunyah Hotel on the night of the 11th, was commenced. Mr. P. B. Brett, district coroner, presided Mr. Harrison, Inspector ef Police, acted for the Crown; and Mr. Milne for the insurance company. Sergeant Bedingfleld took dpwn the depositions, and the following gentlemen constituted the jury, viz. :—Messrs. S. Ormerod (ch»irmah), A. Gell, J. Carmodj, Taylor, Hill, Trainor, Warrhurst, W. M'Geoch, M'Donaid, — M'Geoch, Middleton, Channib, Smith, T. Qoinn, The inquiry was a lengthened one, commencing at about 11 a.m. and not con T eluding till about 12. p.m.; the witnesses being all subject to a severe and searching examination. The principal of these were the brother and sister of the licensee' of the hotel, Thomas Barwick and Mrs. Duggan, who were both in the house when the fire broke out; W. Barwick, the licensee, who with his wife wals away in Urana at the time; W. Slegg, bullock-driver, who hai been at the hotel during the day; and Mr. Ferrier, the owner of the property, and his sons, who were on the spojt immediately after the outbreakof the flames, and in vain endeavoured to extinghish them. In connection with the eridehbe pf the ;brothers Barwick, the chief stress seemed to be laid upon their testimony as to the amount of liquor in stock at the time, W. Baririck deposing thi^t he had tefarijeafrom Waggaop themorningbefore the fire,, bringing with him two: cases of spirits, which he hid put down into the cellar," there 1 to keep 'draught brandy, itie, and serated waters already therein ; an<tT. Baiv Tvick, Afltjtie had helped to take the cases off the waggon and stow them away. In opposition to this V: tpl^ain, from Wagjga . was produced to the effect that Barwick had not got any spirits fropr Dyting eittier on,the presen^ or any previouslbccaBion, and ;^hat none pf. t^e !pt£er jSto^ekeepers had supplied him on the (lay named;; while it seemed that no one at The Bock saw any such: goods with him. Slegg's evidence went to prove that during his visit abovementioned tb the hotel, he tried to get some brandy, bat could not, as there was none; while Mr. Milne proved that having had the debris removed from over the cellar, where it bad remained undisturbed from the time of> the fire, he descended and made an examination of the place, and founjl therein nothing to&iow; that the contents ofthe cellar at the time were or could have been what were described. When the examination was ended, the coroner proceeded to sum up, which he did in a clear and lucid manner. The jury retired to deliberate, and after a brief lapse of time returned and gave their verdict, which was to the effect that there was no evidence to prove how the fire originated, adding as a rider that the quantity of liquor stated by Mr. Barwick to hare been in stock at the time was hot borne out by' facts. Thbte is some talk pf ulterior measures being taken in the above cbbb, but however it may be hereafter, it is at present vox et praterea itlhii. \ On the 3rd two Chinamen, denizens of the camp, were brought before the Bench charged with having a few days previously indulged iu a very pretty quarrel indeed, which resulted in their belabouring each other with sticks and pummelling one another into a jelly. One of the Chinkies present, after in vain trying to separate the combatants, and fearing that murder would be done, went for the police. Presently Constables Stanley and Ernst appeared upon the scene, and marched the'belligerents off «to durance vile," the doctor being sent for to attend to their wounds. When they were kt length : declared strong -enough, they were brought up, and looked pitiable objects indeeld, their heads being swathed up more mummies. After the r usual r aniount of swearing and connt^rswearing, the case was dismissed, the Bench deeming no doubt that the one was just as debn in the mud as the other was in the mire. ' Mr. H. L. <5ulley's monthly isale of stock came off on the 29th, and was highly successful. There were aboat 5000 sheep disposed of, mixpd weaners bringing 6s. 9d., wether weaners 6s., store wethers from 6s. 9d. tb 7s. 3d. Milch cows were also sold up tb £5 15B., and draught horses lip to £20. The establishment 6f these safes supplies a long-felt want here, as they accommodate both buyers and sellers in the district^ who might otherwise' have to travel far ere thfey could , rait theniselves. The next sale will be held 6n the 28 th prox. j There has been here of late a renewal of tjie outcry anent "the beggarly array of empty" chairs^on our Bench, the ofceasiops being few and far between.when more thati 'one is eccupiecL a fact which is owing simply to the lack of magistrates. • "Of these, therfe »re but tpf residing in the to#nship, but since 1 one of them holds the position of stock inspector, the calls of duty hecessitate his absence for nearly threeparts pf his time, leaving but one available. Thus it happens that in' the many cases which' require the presence of two justices, proceedings hare to be postponed—not merely to Hhtf inconvenience and loss of time, but even to the'money • loss of those concerned, whether as principals or witnesses, they having to travel perhajw many •miles only to find the Bench vacant, and utceiy to remain so, and then to return whence they came, with no certainty of being more successful next time. The powers that be hare now abused our patience quite long enough, and it •= quite time that something should be done remedy the eviL The care is easy enough, and consists in the appointment to the Commission of the Peace three gentlemen who are well qualified to fulfil its duties, viz., Dr. Ooscaden, the Government medico; Mr. R. B. Hays, our C.P.S.; and Mr. B. B. Anderson, the manager of Brookong; the two first being always on the township, while the last, from his living a f Brookong, would be in the centre of a large dis trict where at present no magistrate is to be found, 