ATTENTION is called by a metropolitan joarnal to the fact that agricaltnral societies in these colonies, do not as a rale serve the educational purposes which it ought to be their aim to further, so well as could be desired. It is urged that " gate money" is made too much the principal object, and that to secure a large atten^ dance undue prominence is given to horsejumping and other sports. The chief count in the indictment, however, is contained in the following paragraph :— "Amongst the numerous agricultural societies in existence in the colony there is not one whose members appear to have an idea beyond assisting to frame a prize list, or helping to improve the local show- ground. In the carrying out of such works they think their duty begins and ends. Such a thing as reading a paper on any subject in connection with their calling, or taking steps to disseminate information of value with which tbey have had practical acquaintance, seems to have rarely been thought of. In this respect our leading society has conspicuously failed in giving a good example. Its members comprise many who are thoroughly practical meD, with lengthy experience in agriculture, stock, machinery or kindred subjects, but the experience ia kept securely locked within their inner consciousness, and not an inkling of it is ever made public. Surely there is useful work to be done besides distributing the Government grant and the very substantial amount of gate money which is annually collected. We may be pardoned for expecting something more from men who have both the ability and the time to prepare papers that would be interesting and instructive, not only to members of their own society, but also to the general public." There is no gainsaying the truth of this in dictment, which applies with equal force to New South Wales as to Victorian societies; and few will be disposed to question the benefit of an alteration in the direction indicated. The difficulty is to determine how the change shall be effected. Some years ago the subject was brought forward by a member of the Albury Pastoral and Agricultural Society, who strongly advocated the preparation of papers on agricultural subjects, but he met with no support. None of the farmers seemed to care about attempting to record their experiences on paper; no one offered to read a paper; and even if some person had volunteered, it is extremely donbtful if anyone else would have come in to hear him. This result is undoubtedly discouraging, bat nevertheless it should scarcely be regarded as sufficient to justify the utter abandonment of all efforts to lead the way in a very valuable reform. it would be well to make an attempt to utilise for the public benefit some of the valuable information that must be locked up in the breasts of local farmers. Prizes, for example, might be offered for the best paper on wheat cultivation, showing the varieties most suited to the climate, the best time for sowing, etc., etc.; the award to be determined, not by a standard of literary merit, but by the value of the information imparted. The essay could be printed with the annual report, and so would circulate among all the district farmers. THE question raised by the Premier of Queensland concerning the right of a colonial Government to be consulted with regard to the selection of a Governor, has perhaps been raised prematurely, and without any pressing reason for its immediate determination. The candidate selected for the Queensland Governorship appears to be generally regarded as a man of marked ability, and whatever his Imperial politics, ordinary commonsense and the Constitution Act would in all probability have been sufficient to make him remember that an Australian colonv has to do directly with only Australian affairs. The question nevertheless is one that will have to be determined sooner or later, and in Bome sort npon the lines laid down by the Q ueensland Premier. Without going so far as Mr. LYNE, who anticipates the consolidation and independence of these colonies as an event of the near future—something, that is to say, which will occur within the next 15 years—it is impossible to avoid the conclusion that itis an event which must ultimately be brought about; and with this result looming in the futnre, it is well that steps should be taken to pave the way for the change. This would best be done by gradual alteration of the relations subsisting between the Imperial Government and Australia, on much the same principle that a child as it grows to manhood is gradually freed from the parental control needful for his safety in youth. Any proposal of this kind is, of course, bound to be scouted by the party of conservatism, which instinctively opposes change merely because it is change; and we find, accordingly, a section of the press and some public men lifting up their voices in holy horror at the idea. Very little in the way of solid argument has, however, been advanced against it. Apart from what may be described as purely sentimental considerations, the main contention against a recognition of the new principle is that it would make the Governor of a colony the nominee of the Ministry of the day. In reply to this assertion it is only necessary to say that the possibility of such a result could and should be effectually prevented. On such a question as the appointment of a Governor no party should be permitted to dictate. The point might be left with the heads of the Government and the leaders of the Opposition, or, failing unanimity on the part of the representatives of the people, it could be determined by an appeal direct to the people themselves. WODONGA CUSTOM-HOUSE.—The Customs collections at Wodonga for the month of November amount to £6067 0s. 3d. LICENSED VICTUALLERS' SPORTS. — The local branch of the Licensed Victuallers' Association has decided to bold a day's horseracing on Saturday, 26th January. LAND AGENT.—The Governor has appointed Mr. John Thomas HobbeB to be Crown land agent for the land district of Urana vice Mr. R. B. Hays, transferred. CASE OF DBOWNING.—The dead body of a man, supposed to be a swagman, was found in Wodonga Creek on Saturday. Deceased was found standing upright in the water, and Is supposed to have entered the creek several days previously. DEATH OF CATTLE AT SPLITTER'S CREEK.— With reference to the death of several cattle at Splitter's Creek, Mr. James Green informs us that the cause of death is distinctly attributable to the cattle having drunk the sludge from the crushing machine. TENDERS ACCEPTED.—The last issue of the Victorian Government Gazette contains a notifi cation of acceptance of the following tenders: —Construction of railway from Huon's-lane to Tallangatta, H. Thornton, £77,931; repairs to Wodonga post office, E. Scanlan, £122. THE WEATHEB.—A slight change took place in the weather last Friday, when some showers fell during the day, and there was every indication of a good downpour. The total fall was, however, only 26 points, and next day fine weather returned. Since then the heat has been intense, the glasB on several occasions recording 100 degrees in the shade. To CORRESPONDENTS.—"E. O."—Your tank contains 734 yards. " Reformer."—You had better Btate simply in plain English the nature of the grievance referred to rather mysteriously in your letter. "A Subscriber" desires a recipe for making household soap. Perhaps one of our readers can supply the information, which was published in this journal some time ago. INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE MATCH.—The team to represent New South Wales at the first annual meeting of the Tasmauian Rifle Association, to be held in Hobart during the present month, will leave Sydney by the express on Saturday, and after remaining a night in Albury, where they will be joined by Private Cary, they will take steamer from Melbourne on Monday afternoon. ANOTHER BAD DRAIN.—Great complaints are made with regard to the offensive state of a drain in Olive-Btreet, at the intersection of Wilson-street. Whether the cause of the accumulation of stagnant water is the lowness of the pipe culvert, or whether this evil can be remedied by periodical flushing, we are unable to say. Some attempt, however, should be made to deal with the nuisance. THE YACKANDANDAH RAILWAY.—At a banquet given in the shire-hall, Yackandandah, last Friday evening to Mr. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., by representatives of the mining community and leading residents, as a mark of the high esteem in which he has beea held for many years, Mr. Wallace announced that tenders for the Yackandandah and Beechworth railway would be called for on the 22nd inst, ALBURY CUSTOM-HOUSE.—The collections at the Albury Custom-house for the month of November amounted to £2055 14s. fid. The following were the principal items:—Spirits £661 13s. 5d., wine (still) £47 10s., wine (sparkling) £6, sarsaparilla 8s., ale (bottled) £64 9s. 3d., ale (wood) £1 5s., tobacco £316 19s., cigars £59 33.6d., tea £142 8s. 2d., coffee (prepared) £3 5s. 9d., sugar (tefined) £6 13a. 4i., sugar (raw) £215 5s. Id., treacle 12s. lid., rice £12 3s., dried frnits £72 10s. 6d., rent £1 Is., raw coffee £2 16a., specific £441 10s. 61.—total, £2055 143. 5d. The excise duty on beer was £225. JUSTICES OF THE PEACE AT WODONGA.— In the Victorian Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Tuthill desired, in view of the appointments of justices of the peace which would shortly be made, to call attention to the fact that for three years past he bad brought under the notice of the Minister of Justice the necessity for additional facilities being provided for the administration of justice at Wodonga. The courts had frequently to be adjourned because of the lack of a sufficient number of justices to constitute the bench. Mr. Wrixon said it waB intended to remedy the state of affairs which existed. CHILTERN WANTS.—The Chiltern Shire Council on Tuesday asked the Minuter of Public Works for assistance in the erection of a bridge over the Black Dog Creek, on the main Sydney-road. The cost of the work was estimated at from £300 to £350. The existing bridge had been erected for a period of 35 years, and, therefore, was past repair. Mr. Nimmo said that he wa? inclined to regard the application as being somewhat exceptional, ana, therefore, he was prepared to allow the Council a grant next year. The municipality would, however, have to contribute to the cost of the work. WAGGA WAGGA BREWING COMPANY.—In another column will be found the prospectus of a company which it is proposed to form in Wagga, under the name of the Wagga Wagga Brewing, Malting, and Crated Water Company. The prospectus is a very complete one, and Bets forth that the company I'B proposed to be formed for the purpose of taking over and working the brewerieB now carried on by Messrs. W. S. Eaton and Martin Treacey and Sons. The names of the provisional directors give assurance of the bona-fides of the investment, and it is expected that the share list will be filled in a few days. Messrs. Ten Brink and Thatcher are the local agents. MINING ON CROWN LANDS.—We are informed that a decision of some importance haB been arrived at by the Department of Mines in regard to mining on leased Crown lands. The Minister for Mines recently submitted to the Attorney-General the question whether the right to search for minerals ceased upon the leasing of Crown lands. The reply of Mr. Simpson was to the effect that only surface rights were dealt with in the lease, and that the right to search for minerals still remained. In consequence of this decision, the Department of Mines haa signified its willingness to grant licences to mine on all Crown leases, and regulations for that purpose have been prepared by Mr. Abigail, and will be published shortly. REEFING AT YACKANDANDAH.—John Odell crushed one ton of stone at Janson'a mill, Sandy Creek, for 94oz. of gold. The sample was not hand-picked, but taken from the winze I50ft. below the tunnel level. The ehoot, though small, ia exceedingly rich, avei« aging an ounce of gold to the pound of stone. Forty tons from six shoots in this reef have yielded 800oz. of gold. The local miners complain greatly that after persistent agitation on their part for over two years the ground on which this reef is situate still remains open for selection under section 32, instead of being added to the local mining reserve. In all there are 12 reefs in this and adjoining blocks that have yielded remunerative returns, yet they are still classified in agricultural areas. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—490 cattlefromQueensland to Albury, Mather and Co.; 200 lat bullocks from Yabtree to Melbourne, Hopkins; 1232 fat sheep from Kirndeen to Melbourne, F. Ormond; 2320 mixed sheep from Jerilderie to Albury, W. C. Qain ; 200 cattle from other districts to Albury market, various owners ; 13,120 sheep from other districts to Albury market, various owners ; 181 fat cattle from Queensland to Victoria, Moodie, Donaldson, and Co.; 3800 ewes and rams from Corowa to Victoria, T. D. Dicker. AMENDED LAND ACT REGULATION.—Regulation No. 41, under the Crown Lands Act of 1884, published on 22nd January, 1885, and amended on 26th February, 1886, has been further amended as hereunder :—If any part of the land applied for contains improvements for which payment has to be made to the Crown under section 41 of the Act, the conditional purchaser shall pay the first annual instalment of one quarter of the value of such improvements, as appraised by the Local Land Board, to the Colonial Treasurer or the Crown land agent of the district, within three months from the date of appraisement. The balance shall be paid in annual instalments of an equal amount during the three following years, but one or more of such instalments may be paid before due. TEE RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS' VISIT.— Some regret has been expressed at the tact that no advantage was taken of the recent visit of the Railway Commissioners to bring under their notice the injury sustained by local traders from the system of differential rate?, and other matters connected with the administration of the railways. It has been suggested that due notice should be given of any future visit, to the end that the Commissioners should be made acquainted with local requirements. It does not, of course, follow that they should adopt every suggestion put forward, but it would do no harm and would not involve much labor if an opportunity were afforded for an interview between those who use the railways and those who manage them. RACES TO COME.—The Greensgunyah races take place on Monday, 31st December. The programme includes five events, the principal being the Qreensgunyah Handicap of 25 sovs., nominations for which must be in by 19th December. The Wodonga annual races will be held as usual on Boxing Day. Acceptances for the principal handicaps must be in by Wednesday next, 12th inst. Races will take place at Mulwala on Boxing Day, at Jindera on New Year's Day, and a series of athletic sports has been arranged for Boxing Day at Walbundrie. The chief event at the latter meeting is the Sheffield Handicap of 12 sovs. Sports will be held at Walwa Creek 25th January, and the annual races of the Adeloug Jockey Club come off on 1st January. Cookardinia races will be held on Boxing Day, and Daysdale races on 1st January. MORE BUSH-FIRES—On Wednesday there was another outbreak of fire, this time in the paddocks of Mr. W. Sullivan on the Howlongroad, where a considerable quantity of grass and some fencing was destroyed. On the same day a large fire occurred on the range behind Mr. HUOD'S house on the other side of ttie river; and later in the evening a still iarger outbreak took place at the Black Range, completely burning out some of the land recently purchased on the common. The fire spread from the flit right up to the top of the range. Two parallel spurs running up the tide of the mountain were all ablaze with the intervening «ullies, and the line of fire thus ®harply defined, presented all the appearance ot a road of flame traversing the hill from base to summit. The scene as viewed from Albury at 10 o'elock on Wednesday night was a truly magnificent one. TERRIBLE ACCIDENT AT COROWA.—A terrible accident happened on Tuesday at Netherby sawmills, Corowa, when a man named John Jacobsen, aged twenty years, lost his life. He was hauling sawdust from the pit by fastening a rope round the spindle. While the machinery was in motion his left leg was caught iu the rope, and his body was carried round the spindle for a considerable time. On the machinery being stopped, the body was found horribly mutilated, the flesh being quite torn off the left thigh. Both legs were broken below the knees, and the right arm dislocated. The fingers were cut off through striking a saw near the spindle, while tfce body and bead were terribly bruised. Foar doctors were quickly in attendance, but it was, quite impossible to save life. After lingering for nine hours in pain, death brought relief to the rictim ot the terrible accident. FEDERAL RINK.—The hat carnival held at the Federal Rink last Thursday passed off very pleasantly. There was a good house, but out quite *o manv character hats aB there might have been. Miss R. Solomon secured first prize for the largest lady's hat with one 2Stt. in circumference. Miss Mabel Brady took the award for the Holiest with one about the size of a threepenny piece. Master JT. Brady won the prize for gentleman a hat, Dr. W. C. Woods and Mr. Gardiner acted as judges ; and on Saturday night the proprietors presented the prizes and also closed the rink until the 22ud December, when Professor A. Wyman will make his reappearance in hiB wonderful skating feats. During the Christmas week Mr. E. J. M'Clellan, manager of the rink, takes a benefit, and on this occasion Professor Wyman will give a special exhibition of some new feats not hitherto witnessed in Albury. A TRAIN ON FIRE.—Travellers by the 12.50 mixed train from Albury on Friday had (says a Wagga journal) a somewhat sensational experience between Sandy Creek and Wagga. At Sandy Creek there were taken on three trucks ot flour and one of chaff, and shortly after the train left that station it was found that the contents of the trucks were on fire. The train was brought as quickly as possible into Wagga, where the station master, Mr. Foley, who was on the platform, with the assistance of the porters and some of the passengers, had the trains uncoupled and taken to the water-crane, and the fire was soon extinguished. It was found that the chaff was green and much heated, which caused the combustion. Fortunately a portion only of the chaff and flour was destroyed, and the only damage done to the trucks was a slight charring of parts of the timber. The chaff was bound for Hay, and the flour was consigned to firms in Gundagai and Cootamundra. SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases were dealt with : Humphries v. Hayhoe, claim for £2 15a. 7d., goods sold ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. M'Arthur v. Webb, claim for 14s. This was a claim in respect ot a debt standing on the books of the late firm of Eiernan and Ruxton, whose book debts had been bought by plaintiff. Defendant put in a receipt, and a verdict was given for the defendant. J. Durkin v. J. J. Fallon, claim for £2 for work and labor done. 10s. had been paid into court. Verdict for amount paid into court. J. E. Roberts and Co. v. Elizabeth M'Gregor, claim for £1 12 J . 2d., goods Bold ; verdict lor plaintiff, with costs of court and 5s. witness's costs. Same v. Jenman, claim for £4 7s. 7d., goods sold ; verdict for plaintiff and costs. G. Oxley v. Gehrig, claim for 18s., goods sold ; verdict for defendant. Silberberg and Co. v. M. J. Kennedy, claim for £4 17s., goods sold, £1 had been paid since issue of summons ; verdict for balance. James Mitchell v. W. Allan, claim lor £116s. 10d., goods sold ; verdict for plaintiff. THE WALBUNDRIE MAIL.—A letter has recently been addressed by Messrs. J. E Roberts and Co. to Mr. G. Day, M.L.A., as follows :—"Exchange Stores, Albury, 29th November, 1888. Dear Sir,—We take the liberty of calling your attention to the timetable of the Mabonga and Walbundrie mail, which at present is very inconvenient, and causes much delay in correspondence. The mail now arrives in Albury about 5 p.m. on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the letters are not delivered until 9 a.m. on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday ; but the outward mail closes an hour before 8 a.m. on the last mentioned days, therefore it is impossible to send a reply by return coach. We would esteem it a favor if you would point the mat' ter out to the Postmaster General, with a view that an alteration in the time of despatching the outward mail might be made if possible. Apologising for troubling you, we are, dear sir, yours faithfully, John E. Roberts and Co." Mr. Day brought the matter under the notice of the Department, and has received an intimation that it will be enquired into. SUDDEN DEATH OF A STATION MANAGER.— A correspondent reports the very 6udden death of the manager of Kulki station, Mr. M'Ewan, which took place on 23rd ult. on the road leading from the Argoon Hotel to the station, the distance between the places being less than two miles. It appears the deceased bad started from the hotel to go home, but when not more than half way he turned the horse round and went back to the hotel again, where he bad one or two more drinks. When he finally left he was not sober, and had some liquor in a bottle with him. He had a mile of the lane to ride through", which in places is studded with small trees. It is not known whether his horse collided with one of these, and he was thrown off and dragged by the stirrup, but on search being made the body was found lying in this lane with the neck broken. It is surmised that he fell from the horse on his head, and being a heavy man death was instantaneous. This fatal accident has shed a gloom around the neighborhood. The deceased was a capable manager and much respected. He leaves a widow, but no family, to mourn his loss. The Kulki station belongs to Mr. Wm. Mate, a son of Mr. T. H. Mate of Albury. THE ERADICATION OP PHYLLOXERA.—The Premier has at length been induced to consent to some practical steps being taken to avert the danger which threatens the existence of an important colonial industry. On Friday last a deputation from the Phylloxera Board waited upon Sir Henry Parkes, to ask for authority to proceed with the work of eradicating phylloxera from the colony. On the deputation were Mr. J. A. Wilkinson, acting-chairman of the Board, Dr. M'Kay, and Mr. Ferguson. It was stated that the Board had discovered 16 vineyards having the phylloxera disease. Twelve of these were in the Camden district, three at Toongabie, and one at Seven Hills. They could find no more. Their work had now been stopped, as they required power to destroy the vineyards. As December was the time the female insects took to wing, the sooner the disease was destroyed the better it would be for the country. Sir Henry Parkes said that an order should be sent to the Board giving them the power they aBked for. In the matter of granting compensation, the Board should take into consideration the fact that the vines had already been destroyed. The vineB having been attacked by the disease the Government could not be expected to compensate the owners for what was already destroyed. IMPORTANT TO SELECTORS.—The holders ot conditional purchases and conditional leases (under sections 48 or 54) of the Crown Lands Act of 1884, whose applications were confirmed on or before the 23rd July, 1888, would do well to peruse the Crown Lands Act Further Amendment Act, seeing that, among other things, it contains an important provision allowing such holders of land to substitute other improvements in lieu ot fencing which the Act of 1884 requires, especially as the term allowed for bringing such holdings under its provisions will expire on the 23rd January, 1889. To do this, application must be made to the chairman of the local land board, on form 22 prescribed under the Act; and it will rest with the board whether the application shall be granted or not. If granted, the holder of the land will be required to effect improvements (within which term fencing is included) to the value of 10s. per acre within five years from the confirmation of the applica- tion on any area up to and inclusive of 1280 acres ; but on any area in excess of this not more than .£640 worth of improvements will be necessary, provided such area is made up of conditional purchases or conditional leases of the same series. If the conditional purchase is a non-residental one under section 47 of the Act, improvements of the value of j£l 10s. per acre within five years from the date of confirmation of the application wo aid be required. DISCOVERT OF A DEAD BODY.—A magisterial inquiry was held by the police magistrate on Friday into the circumstances connected with the discovery of a dead infant on the previous day. The following is a summary of the evidence taken :—Constable Holder deposed that on the evening of Thursday he went to the residence of Mr. Plummer in Abercorn-street, where he saw the dead body of a female child lying on the bank of Kennedy's Creek ; the body was in a decomposed state, and was taken by witness to the police barracks ; the body was wrapped up in a pillow case; some female's underclothing was in the creek near the body, also a piece of brass wire 5ft. in length, and a piece of The Argus dated 26th September. Annie Plummer, wife of T. Plummer, stated that on Thursday evening she was crossing a bridge over the creek, when she noticed a parcel in the creek; she told her husband, and a man in his employ went down to see what the parcel was. Henry Monk, the young man referred to by Mrs. Plummer, deposed to having gone down to the place indicated by Mrs. Plummer at the creek ; he got out the parcel with a rake, and found that it consisted of the body of an infant in a pillowcase fastened with wire. Dr. Nickoll deposed to having made an examination of the body, which was that of a female child in an advanced stage of decomposition ; it must have been at least a fortnight in the water ; the child would be between four and six months old ; owing to the decomposition of the remains it was impossible to determine the cause of death. The magistrate found that the deceased was found drowned. ALBURY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Saturday a man named George Brown, alias James Parsons, was charged with resisting a constable in the execution of his duty. The evidence went to show that the prisoner bad been arrested for drunkenness, and gave the arresting constable considerable trouble. Tbe same prisoner was charged with stealing a chair, the property of J. F. Humphries, and a pair of slippers the property of John Carew. The chair had been taken from the front of Mr. Humphries's shop in Townsend-street, and offered for sale by prisoner to a storekeeper in the Chinese Camp for 3s. The Chinaman refused to buy the chair. John Carew deposed that on the evening of Thursday there were a number of pairs of slippers hanging outside the shop; to the best of witness's belief the pair produced was one of the lot so exposed. Mrs. Blackmore, of the Crite rion Hotel, Hume-street, deposed to having seen the prisoner in the bar on Friday evening; witness also bought a pair of slippers on the same evening from a man drinking in the house, but could not positively identify the prisoner as the man from whom she bought the slippers. At this stage the charge of stealing tbe slippers was withdrawn. For the defence on the charge of stealing the chair, prisoner said the chair had been handed him tor sale by a man unknown. He (prisoner) was drunk at the time. The Bench held the prisoner guilty on the two first charges, and several previous convictions having been proved against him, he was sentenced on the first charge to pay a fine of 40s. or two months' imprisonment; on the second charge he was sentenced to two months' imprisonment, both sentences to be cumulative. CONCERT.—A concert by the children of the Roman Catholic schools, assisted by several ladies and gentlemen, took place on Tuesday evening at St. Patrick's Hall. The building was densely crowded, every seat being occu pied before the hour fixed for the commence, ment of the concert. The programme, consisting of 22 numbers, was well arranged and sufficiently varied. It included solos, duets, and concerted music, vocal and instrumental, as well as several recitations. Mrs. Wigmore and Mrs. Willis contributed several solos, which as a matter of course were well sung and loudly applauded. A duet between Mrs. Willis and Miss Willis was also deservedly well received, and a song by Mr. Slack and some comic numbers by Mr. Murphy hit the taste ot the audience very decidedly. The pupils of the several schools acquitted themselves most creditably, the solos being giveu correctly and with due expression, and the choral numbers well harmonised. Mr. H. Caepers, who conducted most efficiently, is also entitled to a word of acknowledgment for the painstaking care which he must have exercised in bringing tbe concert to so successful an issue. The following were the pieces given by the school children :—Piano solo, " Irish Diamonds," Miss Ten Brink ; recitation, boys ; chorus, " Strolling Players," St. Bridget's; chorus, " Bells of Shandon," boys ; recitation, Godfrey's Address to his Army," Miss Schubach (St. Bridget's) ; song, " Please give me a penny," Mies A. Green ; chorus, " See our oars with feather'd spray," St. Joseph's ; recitation, Miss Ten Brink (St. Joseph's) ; song, " Mrs. M'Gratb," boys; song, "Ould Ireland," Miss M. Ryan ; chorus, " Erin the Tear," St. Bridget's; recitation, boys ; recitation, Miss Scanlan (St. Joseph's); chorus, "Happy mountain shepherds," St. Bridget's; chorus, " Hurrah," boys. ALLEGED CARELESS USE OF FIRE.—At the police court on Tuesday, James Green was summoned by Henry Saggers for having left an unextinguished fire in the open air on 24th November last. Mr. Thorold appeared for the complainant, Mr. Wilkinson for the defendant. Henry Saggers deposed that he was a farmer, living at Splitters' Creek, adjoining the farm of defendant; on Saturday, 24th November, defendant lighted a fire to burn a dead beast about 9 o'clock in the morning ; the fire was about three-quarters of a mile from Green's house and half a mile from a dam ; between 12 and 1 o'clock defendant was watering stock at the dam, and a dispute took place with witness about the water; Mrs. Green and Albert Saggers came up during the dispute ; at this time Green called attention to the spread of the fire, and he with his wife and Albert Saggers ran towards the fire, witness remaining to look after the cattle ; the fire burned witness's fencing, 100 acres of his grass, and extended for miles to other land ; the fire originated from the burning of the dead beast ; defendant never gave witness any notice ot his intention to burn grass, nor did he take any precautions to prevent the spread of the fire by clearing a space round the spot. Albert Saggers, son of last witness, deposed to having seen defendant at half-past 10 on the morning of 24th November; he was returning home from the place where the beast was burning ; witness saw him again between 11 and 12 going from his house with horses up the road, and afterwards at the dam ; plaintiff and Mrs. Green were "also present ; plaintiff and defendant began quarrelling about the water in the dam ; Mrs, Green came up and said, " For God's sake, don't quarrel any more, but go up and look after the tire;" Green said, " Come on, Mary, and get a bush ;" he and his wife ran away towards the fire, and witness went with them towards the fire; there was no one else at the fire when witness and Mr. and Mrs. Green arrived ; witness and the Greens tried to put the fire out; it was 2 o'clock before any one else arrived ; before this Green went away ; the fire commenced from where the beast was burned; Green was " barneying " with plaintiff half an hour at the dam before going to the fire ; the beast burned was a baldfaced cow ; there was only one beast burnt on that day. This was the case for the complainant. For the defence, James Green deposed that on the day in question he burned two dead cows ; he stayed at the place from 8 a.m. till 11, when the fire was black out; he had piled up some wood round the body of another cow, with the assistance of Meredith, but this was not fired, as witness was afraid of the fire spreading; this was the body of a baldfaced cow ; part of the wood is there still, as the cow had never been burned ; the bush fire broke out on some unfenced land recently purchased by witness from the Government, and the fire never spread to the side of the creek where the beasts were until a very late stage ; witness lost between £ 100 and £200 by the fire ; witness took every precaution to prevent the spread of the fire ; the bush fire never reached to within several chains of where the two beasts were burned, but it burned right down to where the baldfaced cow was lying ready for burning. Archibald M'Eachern deposed to having gone to render assistance at the fire; the fire appeared to come from Weiss's paddock, and could not in witness's opinion have started in the paddock marked B (the paddock in which the plaintiff said it had originated). John Meredith also gave evidence to the effect that the fire appeared to come from Weiss's paddock; there was a fire in the paddock marked B; witness had some days before helped to cover up a beast, but the fire on the 24th November was not on that side of the creek. James Wells was also examined. The Bench held that the oase had not been made ont, and the information was dismissed with 30s. witnessed costs. DENTISTRY.—Mr. G. R. Hall will he in Albury on Tuesday, 11th inst., and may be consulted at M'Camey's Club Hotel. MESSRS. GORDON AND GORRON.—We notice that Messrs. Gordon and Gordon, the well-known local firm of architects, have opened an office at Union-buildings, William-street, Melbourne, 