K DEATH SHIP : | A STRANGE STORY; IS account of a cet7is3 in" the FLTDsQ BUTCSSLAJT, collected feoif thus papers of ie lais mr. geoffeey fenton, of poplar, hauee eaedtee. Er "W. Clarke Russell, Moi of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor, ' 4 The Golden Hope,' etc. Chapter XLIV.— Suspense. it to something to have found out our I hereabouts, to have gathered Vander- | tthms intention, and to be able to calculate jfane of our arrival off the coast. On I is I plumed myself, making pretty sure w ii my questions had caused bim to sspsd 801116 project in my bia arr would lose its hold of the thing' after l ev Hours. But I was mistaken, as you Ww see. Whilst we were seated at the last wiprI us m that Death Ship formed of soup or or drink and su<Sh victuals as remained (timer, I observed a peculiar air of and anxiety in Imogenes face. I do ow that she made the least effort to Si "f sarP gleam of resentment sparkle m the soft violet depths of her Tan? ? aow -and then turned them on anderdeckfiii, and then as efHriafc6 would soften into an ST that was Yery near to a 7® Savons pain. r « Wr. flT 8g down ; the stars shone 3£L of hTt dust over our bowsprit ; and the air feemoon tlie delicate light of CVas<Willeout of first power novr rail1 ker pearls ® rnto the dark waters under her. trhand . s' dearest V said I, taking fold not crbf1016' aad moved in a way I Hce cL ®Ies8ion to by the pallor of Pakuessnur8 rge dark, CI!1 andha and thmat-hei Sgoutfh6-' yes and her fig0®6, too, realness into an elfin - moon. wan complexion wered:— uedtrH jU was sorry yon had He is fall of Van Vogelaar b3fera captain's tempo! f poison of his own reptile- jerdeekei1 spoken to you of my fe has happened is SJr before snpper l was in J- aadfii3 was near it, cnmhing CH to o into faBioafeim stored : afterwurils Vhn? aadtld the caption that ?rew ana informed to. make thecoast in four j ftj8 thev 011 their arrival: at t&sostb; additional; j left: off nflmbiag my ""WatntwiHHfieBdtoB ' ; Wand crept dose to the door. Vaader- decken said : « I belipxra bo sebpmA m i i o he hath some neme. He shrunk from my gaze, and the our mounted to his cheelS. He' qtSd me with the air of one whose conscience is uLe an exposed nerve." ' Heaven defend ns !' I exclaimed. 4 your tooDutehmai1 .avoryht to be a haigmaii. l et this unholy creature did certainly look at nmto some purpose. 'Twas' time I walked She continued : 7- Vcgelaar answered : " I would not trust that man farther away from me than my hand_ could seize him. Skipper, I ask . your pardon, but was it wise, think you, to exkibitsamples of the treasure below to this Enghshmau ! There is a noble fortune for bim m those chests could he but come at them. What sort of egg is that which beyond question, his mind is sitting upon, and that will be presently hatched ? Be is eager to learn your intentions. He manifests this eagerness in defiance of the contempt and anger with which you have again and again crushed down his curiosity into the silence of terror. Suppose he hath some plot to secure the stranding of this ship, or that he intends her a mischief that shall force us to beach and perhaps abandon her ? He is a- sailor and an Englishman ; wo are Hollanders. Skipper, the like of that man needs no help from sorcery to contrive our ruin. Vanderdeoken answered : ii He must be got rid of," in a voice that showed how Van Vogelaar's talk worked in him. X did not need to look, Geoffrey, to know what, sort of expression his face wore. They wore silent awhile. Vanderdecken then said : . " 'Twould be mere barbarous, useless murder to take his life ; there is no evidence against him. But we have a right to pro tect ourselves since he hath been mad and ungenerous enough to raise our suspicions — " Van Vogelaar interrupted : " 'Tis more than suspicion — 'tis conviction with me j sMppsr— " 44 This occurs to me as a remedy," said Vanderdecken. 44 He must be sent ashore before we sail ; but he shall not be left to starve. A musket and ammunition will pro vide him Tvith food, and he shall have a week's provisions. He is young, and with stout legs, and cannot miss his way to our settlement if he hold steadfastly to the coast." The mate said, 44 Ay, that will be rHanrigavng him lovingly." They then went to the other end of: the cabin and talked j but I could not hear them. 4 It would be barbarous, useless murder,' I cried, 4 to hang, or stab, or drown me ; but kindness, nay, lovingness, to set me ashore with a week's provisions and a fowling piece, to give me a night to be torn to pieces in by wild beasts, or a week to be enslaved by the Homadeds, or a month to perish of hunger ! The villains ! Is this to be their usage of me ?' 4 Geoffrey, if they put you on shore I will follow. The future that is good enough for you is good enough for me. And, indeed, I would rather die a hard death on shore than be "left to miserably live with men capable of cruelly destroying you.' I reflected a little, and said, 4 Their resolution keeps me safe for the present at all events. If I am to be marooned they will let me alone meanwhile- Therefore I consider that their determination greatly improves our chances. . . . No ! there is nothing in their intention in scare me. I like their TWftfl.ning' so well that our prayer to God must be that Vanderdecken may not change Ms mind.' She was at a loss to understand me until I pointed out that, as I gathered from her report, they would not send me ashore until : just before- they were about to sail, so that I should have plenty of time to look abont me ' and consider the surest method of escaping, ; whilst the ship was being careened and the ' leak repaired and the vessel in oilier ways : doctored. 4 And, dearest,' said I, 4 it has come to this ; with you, too — that sooner than remain with ; these fierce and dreadfal people you will take lyourohance of that African coast you so greatlyfeared.' 4 1 will share your fortune, Geoffrey, be it : fife 0r death — let come what will,' smd she, S nestling close and looking np at me out of the » phantom -fa-infrnp-ss of her faee with. her large ! eyes,, in whose liquid darkness the moon was1 i reflected in two stars. ' 4 My- precious- one ! I could not leave- : then ! If the terrors of the shore — the f ears | of- the savage, the wild beast, the poisonous ! serpent — triumphed over your desire of ; aseape. I woold remain with you Xmogenej ffMmey would let me. 'Twould1 be-a hard fate for us both, dearest,- to wear oufconr jiarea fa this chip. But wo cannot be mwtftii1 not of our own will; at'least; how— nverGbd may deal with us,or the knifo or yardnnm haiter of these villains. Wherever you are,. Imnst be 4 T£es« !r she oried, passionately. jf ma?y nat indeed come to our delivering! nnnvdres- bv the coasts Anothm fiinoB1 too much' of fortunn mnst t® it foroold dirfiberatiom But iBujahgrtlteB' fcja i JJT-ijj this, arenresd \ perifcflf I Chapter XLV. — Land. But for Imogene having overheard his conversation with Van Vogelaar, I should never have been able to guess that there was any change in Vanderdecken's resolution respecting me — I mean any change in Ms intention to carry me to Europe in his sMp. ( Than was the same uniformity in the variety of his moods ; he -was sullen, haughty,, morose, often insanely fierce, sometimes talkative, then falling, into trances, in all such exhibitions as heretofore. In Van i Vogelaar, however, there was a slight alteration. At moments I caught bim peer- : mg at me with a look in his eyes that might have-answered very well as a dark malicious merriment of soul, of which the countenance was capable of expressing the villainous qualities only ; I mean not the mirth also. Sometimes he would make as though to con- , verse, but this I cut short, repelling him very fearlessly now that I understood his captain's1 plans, and that I had nothing to fear this side the execution of' t hem. On my side I was extremely wary, walking , cautiously in all I said aud did,, and never ; venturing a remark to Imogene, even when we had reason to believe we were absolutely alone, without sinking my voice after a care- : ful, probing glance around, as if I expected to see a human oar standing out on any beam or bulkhead my sight went to. I busied myself in certain preparations in . wMch I got Imogene to help me. Since, in any case, our escape to the land would have to be profoundly secret, 'twas necessary we should get ready a small stock of food to oarryaway with us, audi told Imogene to make some bags out of the stoutest stuff she could come at to store it in, and to privately convey to me such provisions as I indicated, which she, as well as I, was to secrete when alone, during Prin's absence, when the table was prepared. I said : 4 Vou have needles and thread ;' for she had told me that some of the apparel .Vanderdecken lent or gave her she had been obliged to alter. 4 We shall require three or , four bags. Linen will do for the material.' 4 There is plenty of linen,' said she. 4 1 will make the bags. But what is your pro ject, Geoffrey ? Tell me your full scheme — I may be able to put something to it.' 4 I have.two schemes,' I answered. 4 1 will speak only of the one that concerns the shore. Vanderdecken is sure to bring up close to. the land. I have little doubt of being able to swim tbe distance, and shall make a small frame of wood to sit about ; yeur waist on which you will float : when I lower you into the water, and then I shall softly let myself down and tow you to the laud by swimming.' I thought to see her countenance change, but she regarded me fearlessly, indeed with" an emotion as of triumph colouring her face. 4 How am I to enter the water?' die asked. 4 1 will lower you from the quarter gallery outside your cabin,' I replied, 4 the height is not great. The blackness under the counter will Mde you, and I shall contrive to float us both away very quietly.' She said, gazing at me fondly and smil ing— 4 Everything is feasible so far, Geoffrey. But now imagine us arrived on shore.' 4 I must carry you as far as your, strength . will suffer,' I replied. 4 Of course Vanderdec ken will send in pursuit of us, but there should be no lack of dense vegetation full of Mding- , places. Vet in this as in all other things, my dearest,, we must rely upon God's help. That given, there is nothing to fear ; denied then it . would be better for me if I threw myself over board at once.' 4 Geoffrey,' she said, 4 1 do not question j you, dear heart, for dread of what we may . encounter, but merely that by letting your : plans lie fa my mind my girlish spirit may grow used to them, and unswervingly help i you when the time comes.' 4 Brave little woman I' I cried ; 4 do not , believe I could misjudge you. Vou would i ask me what is to follow when this vessel : quits the ooast and leaves us alone there? How can I answer? We must attempt what others I have successfully aoMeved, aud struggle onwards to some settlement. I toow — I know, my darling, that the outlook, is black iand affrighting. Bid; consider what our choice signifies ; thefate that awaits us if you remain and I am marooned; or the chances j — meagre, indeed, but chances, nevertheless ! — which offer if we escape to the land. And | weshall be together, dearest A sailor, will wonder; perhaps, to hear me | speak of fihree or four bagp of provisions, | wonder also that I should not see that if j there was the least- movement in the water when X lowered Imogens with three fags i about her into- it, the- provisions would' fa i spoiled by the wet. But 'tis proper to say ' here that this proposal to- float her in. a frame snd;tow her ashore by swimming was but an j alternative1 scheme, which at all bnataWls I would- go through with; if tbe- other lese peaa&rae; venture should prove imprac- Iticable; and1 fa care this should fa so,. I f said' nothing about it, that by her growing awrastomed to the dismal and dangerous project she would not tremble and afamiV it came as I feared it might, to our having to escape ashore Three small bag reourrel; about my darling's shoulders, wrii out of the water, were less likely to fa wotted thaar one big one ti&nt; must meeds hanglbw; trice it as l might; and anyway the three would be as good as one, let the manner of our escape be what it would. She made mc these bags, and I Md them in my cabin, along with some biscuit which had been taken from the wreck, a few pieces of salted meat cooked, a small jar of flour, a i little silver cup for drinking, and other ; compact and portable things, such as the 1 flat banana cakes the cook sent to the cabin, -a: bottie of marmalade of the size of a small ; pickle jar, and- the likei These things she ; and I took from the table by degrees, and they were not missel. I would ' have given s a finger for a musket and powder and balls ; but if there was an armehest on board neither she nor I knew where to find it. And suppose it had been possible for me to have secreted a musket — what they used, ' I believe, for shooting game and cattle were match -locks with barrels about three aud a half feet long and the bore of the bigness of a horse-pistol and cartridges in small hollow canes, each holding a charge of powder — ammunition was not to be had without asking. She stitched me four bags, but three I found when loaded would be as heavy a load as it was prudent to put upon her ; because when I carae to look about me for wood for a frame for her to float in, I could only meet with five small pieces ; and even the purloining of these was attended with prodigious anxiety and trouble,, as you will judge when I say that to get them. I had to wateh till I was unobserved and. then kick a piece, as if by accident, under a gun, or to any corner where it might lie until I could carry it below under cover of fire night. All these things I Md under the bed-place in my cabin, where I had very little fear of their being found ; for the good reason that, to my knowledge, no one ever entered the berth Meanwhile, the wind held bravely, with — on the third day — but a few hours of stag- nant atmosphere and a fiat and brilliant sea, followed by a shift into the westward of south that worked into a hearty wind, before \- which the Heath SMp drove under all cloths, the clear water gushing from her I scuppers to the elanking and spouting of her pump. Bearing' in mind our situation, after the tempest, as given me by Vanderdecken, and narrowly, if furtively, observing the courses we made, I kept a dead reckoning of our progress — for by this time I could measure the vessel's pace with my eye as correctly as ever the log could give it — and when the fifth, day arrived I knew that at eight o'clock that morning either we were some twelve leagues distant from the African coast or that Van derdecken was amazingly wrong in Ms calculations. My excitement bade fair to master me. It needed a power of will such as I could never have supposed I possessed to subdue my demeanour to that posture of calmness wMch the captain and his mates were used to see in me. Happily Imogene was at hand to control any exhibition of impatience or anxiety. 4 Let them suspeot nothing in your manner,' : she would say. 4 Van Vogelaar watches you closely ; the least alteration in you might set him conjecturing. Who knows what fancies his base and malignant mind is capable of ? His heart is bent on your destruction, and though he hopes that death must follow yohr being left alone on tbe coast, yet a change in your ordinary manner might Ml Ms cruel soul with fear that you had some plan to esoape with your life ; in wMch case I fear, Geoffrey, be would torment and enrage Vanderdecken into slaying you, either here or on shore.' Well, as I have said, at eight o'clock that morning I reckoned we were some twelve ! leagues distant from the coast. The breeze had slackened somewhat, but it still blew a fresh air, and the water, being quiet and such small swell as there was, together with the billows, chasing us, our speed was a fair five and a half knots. Yet there was no sign to advertise us of the adjacency of land. A few Cape hens flew along with us on our starboard beam, but this kind of sea-fowl ac- companied the ship when we were as for south as ever we were driven since I bad been in her, and they could not be supposed to signify more than that . we- wore ; 'off. the- South African headland — ; wMch term may stand for the measure of a i vast extent of sea. The ocean was of as deep . and glorious a blue as ever I had beheld it fa the middle of the Atlantic. My suspense : grew into torment ; anxiety became anguish, the- harsher and fiercer for the obligation of restraint. There was no dependence to fa placed on Vanderdecken's reckoning. For several days he had been hove- to, and his log would certainly neither tell hrm bia ; how the currents sawed bim Jfy onjy hope, then, was fa the supernatural guiding of the ship. I might believe, at Mast, that the I instfaots of the sea-bird would ivmwa. to one ; whose dreadfal and ghostly existence lay fa i on armless farrowing of the mighty waters, ; and that be would know how-to when i the occasion axose as does the oeean>fowl i whose fad is the surge as its ration is the | pflfow, but whose nest must fa sought fa rocky solitudes, leagues and lAaytia below fchat sea- line fa whose narrow circle you fi»yf : the creatureflyfag. ! r dared not seem to appear to stare re.rne8%ead; the parti had to play was I of extreme xttfiraraane ; ypt, swift as \weee the brake I diteofedover either Wwe. faeewaifld reel wifa: the sea donate vehemence of my stare/rad lfa Hoo horizon wave to my sight as though it swam upon a swooning view. Shortly after twelve o'clock I was standing alone on the forward end of the poop, when I observed a clear shade of bine haze -upon the horizon directly ahead. I watched it a little while, believing it no more than a darkening in the dye of the sky that way ; , but on bringing my eyes to it a second time, I fouhd ' a fixity in the atmospheric outlining of the shadow that was not to be mistaken for any- ; thing but the blue fafatness and delicate dnti. heads of a distant, hilly coast. I turned, with leap of heart that was a Tnfngling of rapture and dread, to win Imogene by my manner, to view the land, too ; but she stood with Vanderdecken near the tiller, with her back upon me, apparently watohing the motions of a bird that steadily flew along with us, some three cables' length on our larboard quarter, flying no faster than we sailed, yet going through the air as straight as a belated bomaw&rd-bound; rook. One of the men forward saw the azure shadow, and seemed to call the attention of two or three others to it in that voiceless, mechanical way which furnished a ghostlier and grislier character to the bearing and movements of the crew than ever they could have taken from the palenete of their faces and the glittering, unreal vitality of their eyes only ; and they went towards the beak to look, dropping whatever jobs tbey might have been upon, with complete disregard of discipline. Broad as the day was, abounding as tbe scene with the familiar and humanising glory of the blessed golden sunshine and the snow- topped- peaks of shallow liquid sapphire ridges, yet the figures of those men, show ing under the swelling and lifting foot of the foresail, peering under the sharp of their hands against their foreheads, silent in. postures of phlegmatic observation, gave the whole picture of the sMp a wild and dismal colour and appearance ; and the. black melan choly, the cold unholiness of it stole biting as polar frost-smoke to the senses through tbe genial splendour of the noontide. Yet Ifka those men did I stand looking with my hand against my brow, for there was a wonderful and almost blinding magnificence of light upon the shivering waters under the sun, that was now floated north, but the resplen dent haze did not dim the substantial ling that was growing with a deepening hue into the atmosphere, and already methought I could discern the curve and sweep of inland airy altitudes, with the dainty silver of clouds streaking them. 4 Land, Herr Fenton !' cried a voice in my ear. I started. Van Vogelaar stood close beside me, pointing with a pale leathern forefinger, his harsh and rugged face smileless, though. Ms eyes grinned with malice as they lay fastened upon mine. 4 1 see it, mynheer,' I replied, coldly. 4 It should rejoice your English soul,' be exclaimed. 4 Your countrymen will not count you as a mariner of theirs if you love -not the land! See — re mote and faint though it be— how substan tial even in its blue thinness doth it show I No sea-sickness there, Herr Fenton I No hollow seas yawning black as vaults !' Had this man been of the earth, I needed but to catch him by tbe scroff and breech and bring Ms spine to my knee to kill Mm. And he looked so much as if I could have served Mm so that it was bard to regard him without pity. I said, quietly : 4 Will that be the land the captain desires to maker 4 Ay,' he answered snarlingly, 4 the Dutch are sailors.' I thought to myself, 4 Yes, when they have the Devil for a sea-cunny they will Mt their port.' You will be glad to step ashore if but for half an hour V said he, looking at me. 4 That is a matter that concerns your Blaster,' I answered, turning from him. A low ha ! ha ! broke from him, muffled as the sound of a saw worked under deok, as musical, too, and as mirthless. Yet Imogene's quick ear caught it, aud aba turned swiftly to : look. And methought it had penetrated farther yet ; for upon the heels of it, there rose up, as an echo, from the ea.Mn, that harsh and rusty cry : Wy zyn al Verdomd . Chapter XLV.— We Bjbuki Up in a Bay. I could not at that time know what part of the South African coast was this we had made, but I have learnt since that it Hog a few i miles to the eastward of the twenty-two degrees, and about an hundred and sixty miles from Cape Agulhas. When it first came fate sight, as I have said, it was but a faint, long-drawn fa light blue of the sky over the horizon, with snch a fairy tincture of flanking eminence beyond that the whole was as delicately tender asjthe visionary shore of a dream. i faforetiiedfaner-hourhad come round to Aad stolen naariy two leagues <floser to % and the coast lay plain enough and ysnr brave with odours, the green of several dyes, the mountain sky-lines of an exquisite ds&r-; ness of cutting in the rafflhmt atinoaphsre and against the hard azure brifaanoe of tile heavens, and the tracts of white amd low down ashmtroug as the foam ofa it sure Soon after the land fad hove fatovfar Imogene joined me. She had kept far Im1« .t - -,)- ings tmderwliBst near Ta&dejiilecln.; Now, " l>y my Sttde, die sfood wlth #kwet|r emotions : - wtidting in her; hor BSwtrils quiverings her Bps pale, toe oolotu- oomingid going fo her eheems, tiievhtight light that a msng'hope flawed into her eyes flying out to the tearxnl shaflowing of some bitter fear. I said to her very softly, and keeping my faee as expressionless as my inward agitation would permit — for Yanderdeoken and his mates conferred together near us, sometimes stopping close, sometimes paoing — 4 If this pace horns our anchor should be down by dusk.' What will they do ?' she asked. 4 1 have been asking that question of my self,' I replied. 4 Were they human — of this earth — I could foretell of their movements. No sooner were they come to an anchor than they would turn to and get the guns and cargo over to one side, that by listing the ship they might bring the leak out of water ana save themselves this starving job of pumping. But we have to base conjecture upon men whe are neither dead nor alive, who are Dutchmen besides, I mean of a dull and apathetic habit, and they may wait for daylight and so obtain rest, of which they should get as much as they want with the reliefs they are able to send to the pump.' 4 What should best fit your project, Geoffrey ?' 4 Oh,' said I, under my breath, 4 if we are to escape, we shall need a deserted deck and a sleeping ship.' 4 If this should come about to-night, will you make the venture ?' 4 1 cannot tell! Put it thus : If they shift the cargo after coming to an anchor with the idea of raising the leak clear, the work may occupy them all night. So all night long the ship will be alive and busy, and there will be no chance for me.' 4 But the ship will also be alive if they continue to ply the pump, which must be done if she is not to sink.' 4 Yes,' said I, 4 so I may have to wait till to-morrow night.' She cried with a quick blanching of her face that cruelly proved her stoek of strength but slender, 4 If they careen the ship to-night i.1. _ .11 Km aV.I j> 4-l-w rt l/>rtlr ivt 4-V» A itU&y; win utj auie ui hue lean. iu tuc morning, and be ready to sail before the evening. 4 1 do not fear that.' 4 Yet it might happen, Geoffrey ! They will put you offshore before sailing ' she stopped, bringing her hands together with a passionate clasp. 4 1 do not fear that,' said I again. 4 Much will depend on where the leak is. If it be low down they may not be able to come at it without discharging cargo, which, seeing that they have but those two boats yonder to work with, and that they will have to make tents ashore and protect themselves against the natives — if any there here be — should keep them on the move for a long month. No, dearest, I do not fear that they will get away by to-morrow night — not if they were ten times as numerous and as nimble ; nor is it probable that Vanderdecken would suffer me to be marooned till the ship is ready to start. My one anxiety is just now the weather. There is tranquility in that dark blue sky over us ; the wind weakens as we approach the land, and there is promise of a calm night. May God help me tb achieve my purpose before another twelve hours have rolled by.' She looked at me with eagerness and alarm. 4 To-night !' she cried. 4 If this ship lies here for days, as you imagine, how, when we are ashore, dare we hope to escape the strenuous search Vanderdecken is certain to make for us ?' I smiled ; she continued, with a feverish whisper : 4 Consider, dearest ! If we are captured — lie will have your life ! God knows into what barbarities his rage may drive him !' 4 Dearest ' said I, gently, 4 let us first get out of the ship.' . And here we broke off, for our whispering had lasted long enough. Soon after this we went below to dinner. At the start we none of us spoke, our behaviour, and perhaps our appearance, answering very exactly to the poet's description of a party in a parlour who cat — All silent and all damned 1 Outside, the sun shone gloriously, and the blue air had the purity of polished glass ; but only a small portion of light found ad mission through the small windows in the cabin front, and we ate and gazed upon one another in a sullen atmosphere as gloomy as the expression on Vanderdecken's face. At this moment I see him plain as on that day ; his beard falling to his waist, his head slightly bowed, and his glance travelling iii a gaze that would often stop and become fixed, his skin bleak and high and drawn with pallor. He was attired in a sort of blouse of dark green cloth, confined about his waist by a yellow bolt fastened by a small metal clasp, that would have given him a romantic and buccaneering look but for the austere majesty and fateful character of his appearance, which inevitably neutralised every suggestion that did not accord with the solemn, horrible mystery of his being. We sat for some time, as I have said, as silent as the dead : but oh reflecting that there was nothing — in reason — I could say likely to procure me a harder fate than that already designed by these men, I determined to ask a question or two, and said : — 4 Has your carpenter ascertained in what part ( f the ship the leak is, mynheer ? ' He turned his eyes round upon me slowly. He was indeed stately in all he did. I never beheld him glance quickly nor start, and the only time in which his dignity fell, torn in rags from him, was that night when lie acted over the scene of the curse in bi« sleep. He answered, 4 Yes.' 4 Is it far down V said Imogene. 4 The skip will need heeling to four strakes,' he rolied. I dropped my kmfe on to the deck for the exeuee to pick it up that I might hide tho delight in my face. A list- of four strakes would prove hut a very small matter to bring abeut, and ay fears that the vessel would linger for days, perhaps for a month, on this coast vaaished. 4 1 hope, said I, 4 it may not prove worse than a started butt- end.' 4 It is that, and no mora,' said ha. . 4 How muck more would you have, Hcrr Fenton ?' exslajmed "Van Vogslaar, in his ugliest nsa&aer.; 4 Deaf suppose our pump can deliver half the great Booth Sea with every Bfcroka? " \ i - V : 1 1 - 4 It should take ' tis! lour days of easy Working,' naid I, 4to\caireen, Vepair, and start; afreslq snugly stpWed.' -, - .. 4 You are in a nurn to get htinte, sir, no doubt?' exclaimed Van Vogelaar. Sir, said I, I aim ' addressing- the eaptaiiw' 4 Skipper,' cried the man, 4 Hen- Fenton is in a hui-ry to gefc home. We should put him in the way of making a speedy passage.' 4 1 expect to return in this «iip,' said I, speaking with my eyes oil Vanderdecken. 4 1 am well satisfied. Nothing staunoher floats. Consider, mynheer, how nebly she has acted in the gales we have encountered. It would please me to entreat you to use such poor skill as 1 hare as a mariner in helping your men ; but your courtesy is mag nanimous — of the form that is to be met with in the highest perfection in the Hollander of lineage — and I will not risk my own civility by further requests.' He motioned with his hand, contenting himself with whatever answer the gesture signified. I perceived there was no further information to be obtained from him — from Van Vogelaar nothing but sneers and insults — and so held my peace. Yet I had learnt something. When, after dining, I went on deck, the land looked as near again as it had when I went below. This was owing to the amazing transparency and purity of the atmosphere, insomuch that eveiy twenty fathoms the ship measured was like adding; a fresh lens to a perspective glass. Yet it was not until four o'clock that the coast lay so clear as, to render every detail of it a visible thing, and then the sight was helped by the snn being on the larboard side and showering his glory aslant, which, mingling with the golden splendour rising out of his wake into the sea, put an extraordinary shining into the atmosphere, but without the lustrous haze that had been rising when he was right over the land and kindling the water under our bows. 'Twas the picture of a bay with a shelving beach thickly green with bushes and trees, in and out of which there winded lengths and lines of exceeding white sand that trembled to the sunshine with the shivering metallic sheen of frosted silver. The sea went blue as the skv to the shore and tumbled into foam, in some places leaping up in creamy dartings, in others making a small crystal smoke with its boiling, elsewhere lapping tenderly and ex piring in ripples. The azure heights beyond, which had seemed to closely flank the coast when first beheld, drew inland with our ap proach, marking their remoteness by the re tention of their lovely atmospheric delicacy of colour, and their height by the lengths of vapour that clung to their mighty slopes at various altitude, like fragments of great silken veils or cloths of pale gold which had been rent whilst blowing along. The sea board went in a rugged line east and west by the compass, sometimes coining very low down, sometimes soaring into great forelands, plentifully covered with wild growths, as you saw by the several dyes of green that coated it, and in one place — about a league from the bay — a pale blue smoke rising up denoted a bush-fire, and, ae it was easy to suppose, the presence of natives. The sky was catching a tinge of brassy hardness from the westering sun, and the complexion of it, where the mountain heights were, somehow made you think of measure less miles of hot and cloudy sand glowing yellowly up into that feverish reflection. The weak swell that lifted us rolled in wind- wrinkLed folds into the bay, which yawned unsheltered to the south. I knew from experience that it needs no great wind on this coast to raise a monstrous sea, and it was with unspeakable eagerness and anxiety that I directed my eyes from the land te the eky overhead and on our quarters. But the promise of tranquility seemed to deepen with the drawing down of the sun. It was sheer sapphire in the south, melting eastwards into violet, and the sea that way was like an English lake ; and to the left of the sun there floated a few purple clouds, which I watched some time with attention, hut could not tell tllali tllcy XiiUTrllj muiLgiL e> UlccZiU W do ctlli. about us, humming pleasantly aloft, keeping our old sails rounded, and sending the aged structure gliding at four knots an hour as quietly through it as a seagull paddling in the level water of a harbour. TO BS CONTINUED. 