The retiring address of the president of the Victorian branch of the British Medical Association is usually rich in suggestions for the furtherance of public health. That of Dr Willriott, delivered in Melbourne a few evenings since, is no exception to the rule, for although the recommendations in it contain little that is really new, they refer to many matters of vital interest to the public at large, in respect to which our knowledge is much more ad vanced than our practice. One such point is that of the growing necessity of some State supervision over the con dition of land proposed to be built upon, particularly in and about our larger centres of population. It is notorious that syndicates and private land owners constantly neglect to make the most rudimentary provision for drainage, and are often careless of whether the land parcelled out for building allotments is dry and sound, or is merely a thinly-covered mass of putrefaction, arising from stagnant accumulation of sewage matter. And it is often the case that, owing to dividing streets being narrow, and laid out without regard to proper levels, effectual after-drainage is practically impossible, except at a cost which few landlords or owners will face except upon com pulsion. It is not satisfactory that, while our knowledge of the dan gerous nature of such conditions is ample, yet no effectual measures are enforced for the avoidance of them. The Central Board of Health has protested and warned us time and again, but as yet to little pur pose. It would seem that nothing short of some tremendous calamity in the shape of a decimating epidemic will suffice to make us, as a com munity, pay regard to the most oh vious sanitary laws. The fact is, un fortunately, that there are strong, if unacknowledged influences in favor of letting things stay as they are. We know, and Dr Will- MOTT again reminded us, that “it i3 useless to attempt to stamp out the various forms of fever, so long as the law allows the abuses,” meaning the unrestricted sale of building lots on rotten and poisonous ground. But tlie enforcement of sanitary condi tions would interfere, most mate rially with the business and the profits of land speculators, and these gentlemen are a powerful body. Dr Willmott does not endorse the re commendation of the late president of the Medical Society that a first class sanitary engineer should be procured from the old country. He thinks such an engineer would- certainly tell us what we already know, that the drainage of Melbourne and its suburbs is grossly neglected, and, adds the doctor, “ All the sanitary engineers in the world cannot make a city healthy unless it is properly drained and scavenged, nor even then, unless the inhabitants are educated to proper cleanliness in their own houses." But perhaps the presence of a recognised ex pert would lead to the undertaking of a comprehensive system of underground drainage, a work which every , year becomes more costly and difficult. Most of the doctor’s remarks are, of course, aimed at the metropolis and its suburbs, hut the necessity for public cleanliness is as real iu Ballarat, Sand hurst,. Geelong, and other towns, as iu Melbourne. The yearly epidemic of typhoid fever may be regarded as ono of the outcomes of imperfect drain age, aggravated, no doubt, by building towns and cities on tainted ground. Dr Willmott strongly condemns the practice of publishing in the daily press all the officially-reported cases of typhoid. It is alleged that such details have no useful result in stimulating people to extra sanitary precautions, while they terrify those' already ill to the great detriment of their recovery, and lead to the suppression of reports of any but the most severe cases. According to the doctor, suppression of this sort is largely practised out of sympathy with the nervous dread of pub licity felt by sufferers. It is, however, open to question if the discontinuance of the ordinary health report would not create a greater scare than its appear ance does, as people are prone to exag gerate a concealed danger. Dr Will mott, at some length, defended the Central Board of Health from tlie im putations of harsh and arbitrary pro cedure, and, not content with this, made a vehement and ungracious attack upon the local boards, of which be said— “lt is notorious that they are, without exception, in antagonism with the Central Board, the simple explanation being that tlie local hoards are composed of persons who are themselves conspicuous offenders against hygienic canons, or who jiave material rea sons for not taking proceedings against those who disregard them. Municipal bodies, speaking of them as a whole, are without either principles or conscience. They are chiefly composed of uneducated men, who selfish!}’ regard their monetary interests or their vulgar vanity as para mount. They consequently disregard all tlie broader considerations arising out of the common good, ami care neither for health acts nor health boards, so long as their indi vidual interests are served.” Hothing can justify a sweeping attack of this kind upon bodies of men who, if they in some cases imperfectly appreciate the importance of their duties, yet render honorary and -valu able service to the State. It will be no matter for surprise if such remarks are indignantly challenged by those to whom they were applied. It is no excuse for such utterances that they merely represent the peculiar views which Melbourne practitioners and metropolitan officials hold with re ference to the country generally. Dr Willmott would ensure unity of action by the very radical means of placing all the local hoards under the control of the central one. The Government is censured for not placing at least one medical man on the Exhibition Commis sion, this being regarded as an implied indignity to the profession. Here again he alludes to what is probably a mere oversight in terms which are alike in judicious and uncalled for, as, for instance, these, The profession is always looked to when aid is required in connection with the com mon weal, but when the occasion presents itself to do honor to us as a body we are contemptuously ignored. Every interest save our own is regarded, aucl individuals for political reasons are chosen whose names stink in the nostrils of the public. Such remarks made iu the heat of an excited political meeting might have been passed over in silence, but it is otherwise with an official, ancl pre sumably carefully prepared address, delivered to a very important repre sentative body. Dr Willmott recom mends cremation in preference to our ordinary method of burial, because for one thing it has been divested of all that need shock the feelings of the mourners, and for another our burial grounds are a standing menace to the public health.. Although the share market has a somewhat quiet aspect at present-, still a very considerable number of stocks change hands at pretty firm rates. There was a better all-round business transacted last week, and more could have been done, had sellers been willing to accept current rates, but in many instances there was a tendency to hold out for higher figures. This feeling was very evident on Saturday, when a number of buyers were unsupplied. The Berry group furnished a good many transactions during the week, but were slightly easier on Saturday, notwithstanding the fact that the Madame Berry again came to the front with a splendid return, namely, 710 oz. The Hepburn group were also in im proved demand, and after a very con siderable exchange at upward rates during the week, Hepburn Estate closed on Saturday with buyers at 595. Lady Hepburn were in strong demand, and closed on Saturday with sales at 9s and 9s 3d. Earl Beaconsfield had a very wide market, but still they are firmly held for about GBs or 70s. Lord Harry had business at 65s and 64s 6d, and closed on Saturday with buyers at 645, no shares offering. Iu the Midas group, Midas Extended and King Midas were both in good demand at improved rates, and the latter changed hands freely on Saturday at current quotations. The Chalks’ group are beginning to receive increased at tention, although there is not much improvement in the mar ket rates. New Kong Meng opened on Monday with buyers at 555, but after a good business during the week at upward rates there were buyers on Saturday at 645, sellers holding out for 675. Napier on Satur day sold up to 655, but closed weaker. The Shaws’ group slightly eased at the close of the. week. South Clunes United changed hands on Saturday at 325, and Smeaton Reserve at 10s, 10s 2d, and 9s 9d. The Redan and Pla teau stocks were mostly all a little easier. Star of the East were quitted at 67s and 6Ss on Saturday, and Band and Albion at 395. The Sir Henry Loch mine, we note, is looking well at present; shares are now held for 12s. Sulieman Pasha weak ened a little during the week, and changed hands on Saturday at 30s. Britannia United were taken at 7s 6d and 7s 9d at the close of the week, and North Woali Hawp at 4s 6d, shares scarce. Working Miners’ United sold on Saturday from 5s 4d to 6s 3d. In the other stocks there were no altera tions of any consequence. During the past week the following dividend was declared:—Prince Regent, Gd. The tramway decils have been obtained by the City Council, and the mayor reports that a study of them makes the course of the council very clear as to matters in dispute with the. Tramways Company. He recom mends that an expert be at once employed to- examine the work already executed, and to report thereon to the council; then, if found to. he necessary, that the Government be' requested to appoint a referee, as pro vided in the schedule to the Local Govern-' mont Act, Act No. 5756, clause 26, aud the construction order whereby the Governor in Council is made sole judge. The annual general conference of the Wesleyan Methodist connection in Victoria aud Tasmania has concluded its sittings in -Melbourne. The final reading.of the station sheet was adopted. The changes which affect Ballarat, and district are the following: —Tne Rev. W. F. Wells, who is now iu charge of tlie Ballarat West circuit, and the Rev. W. Brown, second minister, are to go to Hawthorn and Sandhurst respectively, aud their places will be filled by the Revs. E. W. Nye (superintendent) and A. Powell. 'The Rev. J. J. Browuo will remain for at least another year. The Revs. R. C. Flock hart and J. W. Tuckfield will remain at Ballarat East. The Rev. Thomas Grove will replace the Rev. R. Pliilp at Clunes, and the latter clergyman’ will proceed to Geelong, where he will be again associated with his former colleague, the Rev. J. White. On Saturday afternoon a fire broke out in the fruit shop of Mr Tabel, corner of Dawson and Skipton streets. The bells did not ring, but the occupier of the place sent word to the City Fire Biigade station, and a hose reel immediately proceeded to the scene of the conflagration. The fire was not observ able from the outside of the building, but neveirtheless the devouring element raged with great fury within the premises, and before the flames could he got under the dwelling house at the rear of the shop was gutted. How the fire originated is a mys tery. Much sympathy is felt for MrTabel, who is known in Ballarat as a hard working, industrious man. At Sebastopol, on Satur day afternoon, a second fire occurred, con cerning " hicli our local correspondent writes: —“At about 2 o’clock on Saturday afternoon the fircbell sounded an alarm, in response to which the local contingent of the City Bri gade promptly appeared, and proceeded rapidly to Roche’s Victoria hotel, where two haystacks were fouud to be ablaze, and being in close proximity to the stables and out houses, considerable difficulty was experi enced in preventing their destruction, but the untiring efforts of many willing bands, assisted by a copious supply of water, kept the fire in check until the arrival of the City steam fire-engine, which had, in the mean time, been sent for, and Engineer M'Kenzie soon had a powerful stream of water playing upon the burning mass, Captain M*Donald directing the efforts of his men. The East brigade also attended, and rendered efficient service. The fire was caused by some child ren setting fire to the'grass near the hay stacks, which were valued at £3O, and were uninsured.” Another scene occurred at the Academy of Music in connection with Onslow Knight, manager of the “Happy Hours” company, on Saturday morning. It appears that when staying at Allendale he omitted to pay for his board, and the result was the issue of a distress warrant, which was duly served on Knight at the Academy oil Saturday' morning. Owing to another difficulty, it seems, Knight had to leave Mallen’s Tattersall’a hotel on Friday. When the warrant was served on Saturday morning there were a number of members of the now defunct company in the stalls at the Academy, and they cheered as the warrant was served. Very shortly afterwards the defendant went into the ticket office at the entrance to the pit. He had not been there long when one of the menibers of the com pany came to the hall, leaving quite a num ber of summonses. These were handed round to the various creditors, who at once made a scramble over the barrier dividing the pit from the stalls, and delivered their missives to Kuiglit in person. The latter, whenever he made his appear ance, was greeted with groans and hisses. It appears that when tiie constable who served the distress warrant took possession of two portmanteaus, in default of payment, Knight stated that they contained his tools of trade, which are exempt from such seizures. The policeman, however, retained possession of the articles, and to-day Knight will be served with an interpleader summons to decide the point. The portmanteaus will be opened (probably to-morroiv) at the City- Police Court, when the magistrates then sit ting will decide the point. The Ballarat East police were kept-very busy on Saturday uight, no fewer than 14 arrests having been made for various offences. Among the list of offenders was a youth of 17 and an old woman of 71. The fact of so many offenders being arrested within so short a space of time does not of course speak well for Ballarat. Seven of the prisoners were “ topers,” one being a farmer named Joseph Kerrin, who had been arrested by Constable M'Leotl whilst “ in charge” of a horse and dray. The entries .made against the remaining seven were ns follows: Ellen Brown, aged'7l, arrested by Constable Morrison, charged with vagrancy. Emma Burns, aged 27, wife of the man who, a fortnight ago, was convicted at the Town Police Court for assaulting Constable Rogerson and also for damaging property in Wills street. She was arrested by Constable Scammell on a charge of vagrancy. Philip Bree, a lad of 17, was placed in durance vile by Constables Rogerson and M'Leod for obscene language in the Main road. James Dillon, aged 24, and Richard Speed, aged 3S, weie arrested for fighting on Satur day eveuing in a public place by Constables Smith and Dunn. John Spouse, aged 19, and John Saunders, aged 2S, who had been arrested by Constables Barrett and Dunn for endeavoring to settle their differences in a bout at fisticuffs, were also in the cells. Tlie whole of the prisoners will be brought before the Town Court this morning. It is stated that the Midas mine has been floated on the London market for £ISO,OOO. To-day is the anniversary of what is known as “ Black Thursday-,” that name having been bestowed on the 6th February, ISsl,in consequence of the heavy bush-fires raging in different parts of the colony. The R.M.S. Victoria sailed for Melbourne at 4.15 a.m. yesterday. An old resident of Sebastopol, Mr James Ryan, died at his residence on Friday nigiit. Deceased arrived early in ’53, and was con nected at one time with the principal mines in Ballarat. He leaves a willow aud grown up family. A number of ladies of Ballarat,' who were among those most- active in organising and carrying out the late gift sale in aid of the V. M.C.A., have generously arranged to give a tea to-morrow to further aid the funds of the association. They invite the public to visit the rooms during the afternoon or even ing. Particulars are announced in our advertising columns. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held on Saturday at Craig’s hotel. There were present the Hon. P. Russell (president), and Messrs G. G. Morton, C. Russell, Westwood, Galloway, Hedrick,G. Smith, Johnston,Gunn, Bacchus, Jopling, Brazenor, M’lntosh, and Booth. It was decided to hold the annual sheep show of the society the week following the Mel bourne show, about the 6th or 7th Septem ber. Messrs Bath, Valentine, Booth, Dowl ing, George Russell, Mitchell, and Bacchus were appointed a committee to draw up the prize-list for the show. The following dona tions towards the prize-list were banded to the secretary in the room:—Hon. P. Russell, £5O; Mr M’Pherson, £lO 10s; Mr T. Bath, £lO 10s; Mr Lewis, £5 ss; 'Mr Geo. Russell, ±5 ss. The accounts for the month were 'passed for payment. Some further business of a routine character was transacted, and the meeting closed. The half-day parade of the local battalion was poorly attended on Saturday last, when Lieut.-Colonel Sleep was in command. A and B Companies were drilled by Captain Hayes, and C and D by Captain Eddy in skii mishing and volley firing. A great deal of interest is being taken in the competition for the Sargood Trophy on Saturday next, and it is to be hoped that both companies will turn out to a man, and again bring the Ballarat Battalion to the front. Several membera of the militia reserve have notified their intention of proceeding to the Easter encampment. The musketry course was continued at the butts under Lieutenant Lugg. A number of well-known shots took part in the final competition at Williams toivn for places in the team which will re present Victoria in the New South. Wales Centennial Teams’ Match, but only Ser geant-Major Dubberlin succeeded in getting a place.' A man named Thomas Hughes, 51 years of age, was arrested on Saturday night by Piain- clothes Constable Rogerson on a charge of using obscene language in a public place. There were also three inebriates in the cells at the City watch-house. A large number of members of the Y.M.C.A. responded to the president and Mrs Thornton’s invitation to a garden party on Friday last, at Bishopseonrt. The gathering, which was representative of the different denominations, heartily entered into the various pastimes, and spent a most enjoyable afternoon in the beautiful grounds. After tea the party assembled on a con venient spot, aud was addressed by the Bishop and Revs. Dr Roseby and R. Kennedy. The Bishop expressed the pleasure that lie and Mrs Thornton felt at seeing so many members of the Y.M.C.A. at Bishopseonrt. He spoke warmly of the association as an example of Christian unity, and urged the members to go forward in zeal and devotion. He referred to their approaching loss of Mr Herbert Jones, the general secretary, and besought all friends of the association to rally round it at this juncture, and lend all assistance iu their power. The Bishop pre aented suitable prizes to successful com petitors in some athletic contests. The thanks of the association to the president aud Mrs Thorutou for their kind hospitality was conveyed in appropriate speeches by Revs. Dr. Roseby ami R. Kennedy, and by the hearty cheers of the whole company. Singing and devotional exercises closed a thoroughly enjoyable season. On Saturday afternoon last, at Hiscocks, one of Mr James Tresize’s sons, aged about 10 years, fell oIF a ladder and broke one of his arms just above the wrist. Dr Hardy rendered the necessary surgical aid. On Saturday night a woman named Jane Reekie was run over by a horse and cart belonging to Messrs O’Uea Bros,, of Bridge street. The accident took place in that dark portion of Peel street near the Burke and Wills hotel, and it appears that the woman was, prior to being run over, lying in a helpless stale in the middle of the road. The driver of the cart felt that the wheels had passed over an object that yielded to the pressure of the wheels, and on stopping the horse and going hack he found the prostrate form of Jane Reekie. She was conveyed to the Hospital, where she was detained for surgi cal treatment, having sustained injuries to the leo. The woman had a uarrow escape from being killed. No blame is attached to the driver of the cart. At the Blackwood Police Court on 27th ult., before Mr C. Shuter, P.M., the fol lowing business was dealt with: —Mary M‘Carthy v Humphrey Bloomfield—This was an adjourned case relative to the sale of six pigs, value £l9; order for the amount and los costs. The coming ’cycling race meeting is to be something outside the ordinary as far as racing is concerned. Wood, the champion, is to make an attempt to lower the 10-mile record, ami report has it that Wybunl (the champion of New South Wales), Clarke (the champion of Scotland), and Rolfe (the cham pion of Victoria) are to be his pace-makers. The attention of the ’Cycle club members are directed to advertisement concerning meetings to be held this evening at the Roya[ hotel for the Ballarat club, and at Reid’s Coffee Palace for the Touring club. The fortnightly meeting of the City Conn eil takes place to-day. The Buninyong shire Council will also meet to-day. The general committee of the Benevolent Asylum hold their fortnightly meeting this evening. On Saturday' morning an eagle “swooped” on poultry' in the yard of Mike the cook, Wills street, and. for a time caused quite a flutter of excitement. The noise of the fowls created alarm in the boarding-house, and on one of the occupants of the premises pro ceeding to ascertain the cause of the uproar lie observed the eagle endeavoring to deal destruction among the ducks and hens. “ Hit him with a brick,” cried an onlooker, ami the suggestion was adopted, aud as a result the intruder was disabled, but was not captured until it tumbled uninjured into the adjoining creek. The eagle, which mea sured nearly .7 feet from tip to tip, is sup supposed to have escaped from a yard or garden, as attached to its leg is a piece of chain. In consequence of the energetic and suc cessful manner in which Mr H. S. Simmons discharged his duties as honorary secretary' of the Fouudation Day' Demonstration in Ballarat, a number of prominent members of the A.N.A. have determined on making him a presentation. This will take the form of a Malacca cane, silver mounted, and suitably inscribed. The presentation will be made at the fortnightly meeting of the city hiauch of the A.N.A. ou Wednes day evening. Another event for the Hepburn trophy was sailed at the lake on Saturday', when the Viola won, with the Ballarat second, and the Reporter third. The Darlie Bay aud Flying Seud also started. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday and .Saturday:— James Dunston, Barkly street, suffering from bruises ou tlie fingers, caused by getting caught in a windlass rope; Nathaniel Ron kette, suffering from crushed foot, caused by a wheel passing over it; Frederick Cavey, Kureka street, suffering from a wound on the foot, caused by the slipping of a knife; aud George Ai M‘Gregor, Sebastopol, suffering from a wound on the ey'e, caused by being poked with a stick by a companion. The movement for forming branches of the Y.M.C.A. appears to be spreading. The Ballarat general seretary has received re quests for branches to be established in Sebastopol and in Camperdown during the past week. We hear the Y.M.C.A. have invited Rev. Mr Marshall Lang, of Glasgow, who is now preaching for a few mouths in the Scots Church, .Melbourne, to visit Ballarat and le tine shortly'. They have also invited Rev. J'. S. Hill, of Auckland, New Zealand, favorably known to many iu this district, to conduct a mission about • the end of next month. During the past week there were 90 in door aud 2-12 out door patients attended to at the Ballarat Hospital. For this week Dr Eastwood is the medical officer, and Dr Ochiltree the surgical officer. The.Ballarat Riedertafel give their sGth graud concert for ladies and gentlemen in the Alfred Hall on Wednesday evening. The solo artists are Mrs Bethell, Mr Gladstone Wright, and Mr V. Wooleoek. The society’s admirable band of 26 performeis will take part during the evening. Extra tickets' are obtainable by subscribers at the offices of the society, 46 Lydiard street. The final re hearsal takes place this evening, iu the Alfred Hall, chorus at 7.30, aud baud at S o’clock. A benefit concert was held in the Town Mission Hall on Thursday evening last, in aid of Mr E. Close and family, when a large number were present, and a capital pro gramme was gone through, including selec tions by the Phoenix Foundry Brass Baud and Glee Club; also songs, duets, &c.;, which were given with great credit by' the follow ing, namely, Misses Bear, Bastin, and Fur long; and Messrs Morgan, Jones, Vereoe, Field, Davies, Wells, Ressels, and Grey; who were ably accompanied by Misses Bear, Wiliams, and Jungheun, and Messrs Body combe and Field. Mr Middleton officiated as chairman, and ably filled the position. It is expected that a very satisfactory amount will be hauded to Mr Close and family. The City of Melbourne Building Society (of which Messrs Brokenshire aud Coltman are the local agents) reports the total receipts for January, ISBS, amounted to £53,01S ISs Sd. During the month £38,02S was advanced ] on mortgage on freehold properties in Mel bourne and suburbs, 156 £25 investing shares issued, and £l3Bl 4s 6d received iu connec tion with the savings branch. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “The dwelling of Mr William Lee, contrac tor, of Brooke street, had a very uarrow escape from being destroyed by fire ou Fri day morning. Mr L-e and family had re tired to rest on Thursday night, and early in the morning awoke and found the room full of smoke. He at once got up, and ou entering the parlor found the floor ou fire, caused by a log of live wood which had fallen from the fireplace. Had he not provi dentially awoke at the time he did, Mr Lee believes that the lives of all in the house would, in all probability, have been lost.” The monthly’ meeting of the Buninyong Fire Brigade was held in the enginehouse on Friday last; Captain Goode in the chair. There was a good attendance. Coirespon deuce was received from the secretary of the United Fire Brigade’s Demonstration, regarding the couplings for engine practice at the demonstration. A programme of events for the Sydney demonstration aud the “Australian” and “London” Firemen were also received. Accounts amounting to £l2 5s were passed for payment. Messrs H. Budge, Put. M'Carey, W. Jones, and A. Trezise were elected active members of the brigade, and Mr Peter M'Carty was elected an honorary member. Mr R. Rennie was nominated for membership. The secre tary’ reported that the brigade had turned out to a chimney fire during the mouth. It was resolved that ships at once bo taken to get up a concert to clear off the debt of the brigade. Several names were scratched off the roll for not; complying with the re quired number of practices, and 26 mem bers were reported to be good on, the books. The secretary- called the i oil, and the meeting closed. Attention has been' drawn to the advertise merit in Saturday's Star (writes our Sinythes dalc correspondent)' announcing a monster State school excursion to Geelong on Thurs day next, under the auspices of the City of Ballarat, No. 4 ; lloard of Advice. Consider able surprise was felt that while Ctune3, Creswick, aud Allendale are included iu the programme, Smylhesdalo and Soarsdale distriot is left out in the oold, which is sup posed must have been the result ol an over sight. Asa. large number of children, their parents, and others would, it is believed, gladly join the party, it is to be hoped that timely arrangements will be made by the Railway Department to provide for the additional numbers. All that would seem to be necessary to effect this would be to add two or three more carriages to the Ballarat and Scarsdale morning train, and postpone the departure of the train from Ballarat to Geelong till say a quarter to 10, which would enable the Scarsdale train to arrive in the city in good time to meet it. The Colac Herald says:—“ During the past few days a number of valuable pastoral properties in this district have changed hands, Ripple Vale Estate, the property of Mr Jas. F. Strachan, situated close to Birre gurra, on tiie Barwon River, and compiising an nrea of 277*1 acres, has been pm chased by Mr Cecil F. Armytage, son of Mr George Armytage, of lugleby. Mr \Y. lalbot, of Birregurra, has purchased privately 000 acres of land near Mount Gellibratid, in the estate of the late Mr Win. Eduiuiulson, at £3 ISs Gd per acre.” The revenue continues to increase at a satisfactory rate. For the first seven months of the financial year, namely, from the Ist July to the 31st January, the total receipts were £1,215,351, as against £3,SIS,ISI re ceived for the corresponding period in ISS7- The excess of revenue over the estimated receipts is £151,300, as against £-17,500 last year. At a meeting of the Executive Council on Friday, the followin'.' were appointed mem bers of tlid Dental' Hoard, in.pursuance of the Dentists Act, ISS7: —Dr I- M- Girdle stone, DrJ/P. llyan, Dr Thomas Rowan, Mr L. A. Carter, Mr George Thomson, Mr Thomas Murridge, ami Mr F. A. Ker not. It is estimated from fairly reliable returns that the number of professional beggars in Russia amounts to 350,000, of which 230,000 live absolutely on casual charity, the re mainder being partly assisted by benevolent institutions. An exciting scene (says an exchange) was witnessed at Kenny’s Baths, St. Ixilda, about sunset, on Friday evening. Two young ladies, who were poor swimmers, got out oi their depth and quickly became exhausted. A scene of the wildest excitement ensued, and although there were over 50 bathers present not one volunteered to go to the rescue. When the ladies were at the last stage of exhaustion, Miss Kenny, daughter of the proprietor, appeared on the scene, and plunged in; but she too was soon in diffi culties, and, were it not for the assistance of a schoolmistress who was bathing some dis tance off, the three must have been inevitably drowned. As it was they were all in ex tremely low' condition when brought ashore, and the first two were only restored to consciousness by careful application of re storatives. John Grace has been committed for trial at Hillgrove, N.S.W., for the wilful murder of John Stapleton. The accused was very reticent during the hearing, and declined to make any statement, except that he ad mitted that the trousers found stained with blood were his. This, he said,.was caused by himself, he having had a cut finger, and so rubbed it on. The trial will take place at the Circuit Court, Armidale, in April next. The Government propose to appoint a small commission to investigate the state of technological education in Victoria. Evi dence (says the Age) is only to be collected in the colony, but advantage will be taken of the visit of distinguished foreigners to Melbourne during the currency of the Cen teuniul Exhibition, ami such as possess special knowledge of the subject will be in vited to place it at the disposal of the com mission. Another link in the chain of evidence which the police would be prepared to bring forward in the case of the Gourlay jewellery robbery if the man Taylor were brought back from England to In-prosecuted, was obtained (says the Telegraph) by the detective police on Friday, on the arrival of the mail steamer Liguria from England. It was in the Liguria that Taylor and the woman with whom he was acquainted left the colony, and the stewardess of the steamer handed to De tective Nixon yesterday' a gold bracelet which had been given her by the woman. The bracelet was shown to Mr Gourlay, who identified it as part of the property stolen from him. Towards the end of this month the Cabinet will proceed to the consideration of their measures for next session, and the depart ments particularly concerned, such as the Customs and Crown Law, are busy preparing information for Ministers. Parliament will be called together for the despatch of busi ness about the first week in June, but on some convenient date before then (the Artjwi says) the Premier will probably' address liis constituents. A romantic story reaches flie (writes a Loudon correspondent of the Aryan) from an unexpected quarter—Glasgow. An honest youth of that city was engaged to be married to a young lady in Charleston when the earthquake took place theie, and so dis ordered her nerves that she lost her sight. She wrote him (or, as I should suppose, got somebody' else to do it) to release him from his engagements, but the manly young fellow proved equally magnanimous. He embarked for America in the next steamer, and hsr unexpected joy at his fidelity so strengthened her health that she recovered her eyesight with the renewal of her engage ment. This is not only a very charming in cident, but an unusual one. Most women, alas, only have their eyes opened after the indissoluble knot is tied. During Centennial week the Premiers of New South Wales, Victoria, South Aus tralia, and Queensland had what may' be termed fugitive consultations on several matters of intercolonial interest, but counter attractions were so strong, and time was so short that they could do very little more than indicate the subjects which should be discussed on a more favorable occasion. The most important (says the Argus) was in reference to the Federal Council. Mr Gillies and Sir Samuel Griffith, fresh from the council meeting at Hobart, were very anxious to impress upon Mr Play ford, of .South Aus tralia, the desirableness of that colony join ing the confederation, but that gentleman, while in accord with them on the point, wished to know bow the Premier of New South Wales regarded it. It was found, however, that Sir Henry Parkes was as strongly disinclined as he has ever berni to bring his colony into the concert. He has a more ambitious scheme in his mind, which he did not foreshadow further than to .-ay that it would mean the creation of a federal body of large powers and wide representa tion to supersede the council now in exist ence. The Victorian and Queensland Premiers were of course unprepared to deal with a visionary project, and Mr Piayford was then urged and consented to favorably consider the original proposition. A successful issue of the Colonial Investment anil Agency Company’s 50,000 sha:es has been effected. We are informed that that number were more than twice applied for. Mr i.ittle. one of the Ballarat brokers, reci ivetl applications for £10,330. . “ I.N.”—Letter received. The committe' of the Roman Catholic Church, Learmonth. acknowledges with tli nks a donation of £7 from Sir \V. J. Clarke, Bart., through Mr G. G. Morion, J.P. The Illustrated Lrmdon Sews for the week is an excellent number. Besides rhe usual illu.stivti ns and letterpress, th - issue e ntains an illustra ed supple ment of Australian scenery and historic persons and events. We understand the .Melbourne Op ra [louse Com pany appear at the Academy of Music on Jlondav next. The Ancient Briton Lodge Druids meet on Tue-ilrv 7th February, at 8 p.m. The half-yearly general meeting of the 3rd It.tt lion Rifle Club will be held at the Orderly Room to-night at S o’clock. The Ballarat Christian Doctrine .Society’s excursion to Qucenscliflwill take place on Wednesday, S:h February. " W.T.lf.’’—Leiter received. M Subscriber.”—Yes; 3 —Messrs Smith. Docker, and Drama An. announcement concerning a benefit concert at the Ac rule my oi -Hus c on Friday next.appears in an. oth"r column. The pay-day of the Albert Building Society, whose cilices are at No. S Elisabeth street, Melbourne, is rhe first Tuesday in every month. The next pry-dav is the 7th February. - ’ . Particulars will ' e round in our advertising columns of an excursion of State school children and n*her- to. the Geelong Juvenile Exhibition on Thursday, the oth. inst., under the auspices oi the City Board of Advise. There will be two dins’ holidaa. and ti.-k.vs will be available for returnin'; for seven days. There is every reason to believe it will he a hie; affair, and advantage will be taken to te-t the carrying abilities and aacom-. modation oi the new floating palace which : sus be tween Geelong and Melbourne. The tickets hieluib travelling and entrance to the exhibition, 'which is one of the best y-t held in the colony. Ballarat ex hibits occupy prominent places in every d.spartny>nt, and should be seen by every Ballarat man, woman, and child. We are requested to direct attention to a meeting whioh is to be held at Brophy’s hotel to-m irrrr.v even ing, to take Bteps for havimr repeated the lecture recently delivered in Ballarat by the Rev. W. KiM ihl, on '* Ireland and her famous men, anil her needs ’’ As the Irish question is engaging the attention of many persons at tire present time, a large attendance is ex pected at the lecture. Australian natives are requested to attend. 