jhq jIoritInd meuidian, (ESTAB-,ISIE D 1842) With whichis incorporated Ahe gortland tfirror. \---o.- Published Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday Evening. FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1888 WEATHER.-During the past few days we have experienced remarkably fine weather-beautiful warm days and clear moonlight but ratby frosty nights. There is every indication that we will have fine weather up to Easter. CoenDn RACES. - These races took place to-day, the attendance being good and the weather delightful. The course being so far from the telegraph office we are unable to give the result of the events, but in our text we hope to be able to give the complete details. KmrrTIs LAss.-This vessel put in an appearance on Wednesday afternoon and anchored about half-a- mile to the north-east of the new pier. No time was lost in proceeding with her loading, a lighter of bark being alongside by 10 o'clock on the following morning. The barque is 306 tons register, and was built at Bideford, North Devon, by John Cox in 1872. She is constructed of teak, and is classed Al at Lloyds for 17 years. She is a smart looking craft and that she is well found is evidenced by the heavy weather lately experienced with comparatively little damage. Her master is highly pleased with the des patch he is receiving at this port, 1400 bags of bark having been taken in by noon to-day. Captain Holm commands the barque, and Mr. W. T. Pile is the local agent, while .Mr. W. Lawrance has chartered the vessel to load bark here. ExHIBITION AWARD.-We are pleased to learn that Mr. Robert Frost has been awarded a certificate of merit for his exhibit of cuttlefish flowers at the Geelong Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition. PETITION.-We are informed that a petition has been prepared, signed and for warded to the Ghief Secretary praying that the decision on Constable Sparling may be reconsidered, and that he be either retained in the police force or given a position in some other Government Department. The facts of the case we have reason to believe are correct, although we have no personal knowledge of the petition neither as re- gards its preparation nor subsequent signature and despatch to the Chief Secretary. We should imagine that in such a case such as this the wider publicity given to the affair the better, and if as is very probable the semi-secret policy adopted in regard to it should de- feat its own ends, Constable Sparling if he feels any interest in the matter will have no one to blame but his ill-advised friend or friends who had the affair in hand. Had it been stated in our columns that such a petition was awaiting signature all who had any sympathy with Constable Sparling would had an opportunity of practically evincing it, as the matter stands being neither submitted through our local representatives nor mentioned in the press we doubt if it can be taken as represent- ing the public feeling of Portland. People with no knowledge of such matters should not take them in hand. A Sronur PassAGE.-The barque Kentish Lass, which arrived on Wednesday evening, had a more than usually rough passage, some. details of which by the cour tesy of her master, Captain Holm, we are enabled to place before our readers. The Kentish Lass left Williamstown at 7 a.m. on March 5, and cleared Port Phillip Heads at 9 a.m. on the 6th. Found the wind from S.W. blowing strongly which increased to a gale and continued until March 8. On the latter date the ship was hove to at 10.30. p.m. under lower topsails, when a ter rific squall struck her and the tore main lower topsail to shreds. Then laid to under fore lower topsail and main staysail. On the 9th at 1 a.m. the mizcn staysail blew to pieces. All this time the ship was in the Straits. At 3 a.m. on the 10th the reefed foresail carried away, the gale moderating the same day. The wind blew fresh from the S.W. with fine weather until the 11th, when it blew another heavy gale from the same quarter. On the 12th sighted Low Head (Tasmania), and stood away again experiencing moderate N.W, and S.W. winds till the 16th, when there was another heavy gale from the west with rain and thick weather. During the night drifted past Cape Otway, and at midnight the fore lower topsail carried away. The ship was now hove to under main lower topsail. On the 17th at . 8 am. the gale moderated, but on the 1Sth blew hard again for six hours. At 1 9.15 a.m. on the 19th passed the Otway for the third time, and from thence to arrival had light south-west, south, and southieast winds, the anchor being dropped in Portland Bay at 5 p.m. on the 21st. Captain Holm says it wan the toughest trip he ever had. The Kentish Lass is late from Wellington, N,Z, AT the recent competition for scholar ships in connection with the Queen's College, Melbourne we are pleased to find that Master R. J. Gribble was suc cessful in obtaining the Fackeybham scholarship. Master Gribble is just 15 years of age and he enters at once at the University to pursue his studies. From the marked ability he has hitherto shown he has a brilliant future before him and we wish him every success. W.S.N. Co.-We are requested to draw attention to a special notice to shippers by the local agent of this com. pany concerning alterations in the sail ing dates of the Julia Percy and Nelson next week. SNAKES.-Mr. John Beglen has been amongst the snakes again. On Monday he killed two and captured a third in "Greenmount" paddock, the latter reptile being about a foot long and was enclosed in a bottle when we saw it. The others were larger, one being a big tiger snake,,which showed fight. This makes 38 snakes "Jack " has settled on the property mentioned since the present occupier has resided there. NEw POTATOES.-In a recent issue we promised our readers some particulars in reference to the potatoes introduced into this district by Mr. R. J. Willing. The following table has been compiled by Mr. D. N. McLeod, of "Yannarie," that gentleman having taken the trouble to weigh the different yields. Name. Market Pig Total 'Colour, Quality. Sample Sample_ 201bs. seed Peerless ... ... 241bs. 101bs. 34lbs. white soft. 201be. seed Beauty ... .. b. 231bs 1031bs. pink prime 201be, seed Duncliffo's Victoria 70lbs. 241be 981bs. white soft spongy 201bo. seed Acme ... ..781b. . 221bsl 1001bs, white soft spongy 20lbs. seed Early Victoria ... 1hlbs. 181bs 361bs. white soft spongy 201be. seed Manhattan .. 421bs, 141bs 561bs. mottled sound, good 20lbs. seed improved snowilako 901bs. 221bs 1121bs pink very good 2l0bs, seed Compton's surprise 921be. 101bs 102lbs. white Good 20lbe, seed Bliss'a Triumph ... IG4lbs. 241bs 8I1bs. purple very goto (but 2011,. seed Superior ... ... 0Olbs. 14lbu 441ba pink sound | Mr. MLeod appends his opinion that the " Beauty" is a perfeot potatoe, and by far the best exhibited at the late show. Soss oF TEMPERANCE.--The half-yearly session of the Victoria Grand Division of the Sons of Temperance was held on Wed nesday last, the businers of the session commencing at 10 a.m, in the Temperance Hall, Tyers street. The following officers were present:-G.W.P., Bro. A. R. Wiggs; G.W.A., Bro. D. M. Cooper; G.S., Bro. J. J. Martin; G.T.. Bro. 3I. P. Goxon; G.O., Bro. R. Mcckridge; G.S., Bro. W. McLean. They were surrounded by goodly number of representatives from the following divisions, viz:-Corio, (Gee long), Concord, Winchelses, You Yangs, Barwon Rose, Fitzroy, Glenelg, Casterton, Sandford, Portland and Portarlington. The reports submitted showed the order to be in a very satisfactory condition, having a roll of nearly 900 members with funds amounting to coneiderably over £11,000, being a substantial increase both in mem bers and funds. A large amount of busi ness was transacted of interest only to members; amongst the most interesting was the intimation that three new divisions had been lately opened, and that the entire abolition of entrance fees had the effect of introducing a great many new members. On Thursday, a portion of the representa tives, visited the Cape Nelson Lighthouse, where they were courteously received by M?r. and Mrs. Fish; the former gentleman very kindly shewed the visitors over the lighthouse, after which his good lady dis pensed hospitalities. The return journey was negotiated safely, notwithstanding the road was none of the best, and the visiting gentlemen will have good reason to remem ber the reception accorded them by the estimable lady an I gentleman referred to. A report of Wednesday evening's proceed ings will be found on our fourth page, Dasle±oE.-There appears to be some interest taken in the proposal to afford residents on the south side of Julia street facilities to drain their properties by means of a large sewer. The surveyor has sent in his sketch which is an open drain for some distance and then closed, finally emptying into the large sewer near Mr. Pile's office and then on to the sea. The plan is open for inspection at the Town Hall, and we trust that all interested, as well as those who know anything about such matters, will take notice of the details in order that the council may be guided in what action they will take to carry the work out. Up to the present the open drain appears to be condemned because it is believed that sufficient water will not be avail able to admit of it being kept clean, and the consequence is that some of our residents look forward to typhoid and every other fever to make its appearance. However, as we have already intimated the plan is open for inspection at the Town Hall. and if any of our readers are capable of expressing an opinion we hope they will do so through our columns. A? APPEAL.-We have had brought under notice a case which deserves both the support and sympathy of the charit able residents of this district. Briefly the case is the reducing of a hard work ing man to utter want through the ravy. ages ofa bushfire. Mr. John Lammond, who resides at Nelson, is the sufferer, and who a short time back possessed a comfortable home and other property, but who had almost everything he pos sessed destroyed by fire on the 26th of January last. We are told the case is a very hard one, the whole family being left with scarcely more than the clothes they had on at the time and we have been induced to take charge of a sub scription list, which may be seen at the shop attached to our publishing office. JoULI PEacy,-This steamer arrived on Wednesday evening about 5 p.m. She came to the jetty, and yesterday did her business with this port,saihng again this morning. Frsu.-The barracouta are still being caught in fair hauls, and the supply going forward not being large enough to create a glut (in fact it may be pro sumed it does not satisfy the demand) prices are consequently moderately remunerative The fish are of medium size, and it is hoped they are but pre cuteors of large sh"i?s of big 'couta similar to those which visitedi us a few years since. So far the fi-h ,ln not appear to be su capricious as the fisher men have found thIeu much to their annoyance of !is? years, and we hope this is an indio.,Liui tJt ;Lu?. ,1.d to bite steadily all through the piece. SI'POSIED INrF.SNflCID AT o'urT FAIRY. -The body of a male infant, a few days old. was found in the River Moyne, near Goble's steam mills, yesterday morning, by two employes. named Har man and Gray. 'lbhe latter furnished information to the police. awl a con stable removed the remains to the court house. where fIr. Statoll held a post mortem examination this morning. He is of opinion that the body had been several days in the water. It was fright. fully decomposed, and presented a sickening spectacle. JMr. Burrowes, De puty Coroner, will hold an inlqpirs to morrow. In the meantime the police, who suppose they have a clue to the mother, are prosecuting the necessary inquiries. Further developlents are expected. LIcENsING CorTn.--Mr. .T. G. Taylor presided yesterday morning at the Licensing Court for the Portland, Hey. wood and Bridgewater Licensing dis tricts. There was no business and the Court was formally adjourned. POLICE COURT.-Messrs. P. W. Shevill, L. Clarke and T. Must, J's.P., occupied the Bench at the Police Court yesterday morning. Hill v. New was struck out, there being no appearance on either side. An application by proxy for a carrier's license for Thomas Compton was postponed for a week for the pro duction of a certificate signed by two or more Louseholders, the police having no knowledge of the applicant. ATTENTION is lequested to the notice in our advertising columns oy Mfr. S. Dudden, who has purchased a blacksmith ing business which he intends to run in connection with the Myamyn Post-oflice Store. HBEWOOD SroTrs.-We would remind pedestrians that nominations for the leading events at the forthcoming athletic sports at Heywood are duei on Monday. We hope to see the entries good, for the committee are entitled to hearty support at the hands of runners. DEarT?srsr.-Mr. F. J. Thwaites, dentist, may be consulted at Mac's Hotel, Portland, on Saturday, Sunday and Monday, March 24. 25 and 26; Macar thur, Victoria Hotel, Tuesday, March 27: and Star of the West Hotel, BIelfast, Wednesday. March 28. [Anvr.] 