SUMMARY. "Riot at Glasgow. Wool sales spirited. Slaughter at Suakim. Undabuko surrenders. Gordon-Baillio remnndod. Clovoland favours Chinese. Fifty-two persons arrostod. Wolff succeeds Carrington. U.S. Senate won't retaliate. Lieutenant Beevor murderod, Gladstone visits Birmingham. y .Australians-have won, for a wonder. Rebel? continue skirmishing at Suakim. Heavy loss of life is roported from Suakim. Undabnko, tho Zulu ohiof, hassnrronderod. " Blackleg " proclamation by tho Govern ment. Military sent to Nowoastle to ovorawo tho . - miners. 2254 tons of ooal roooivod at Darling Har bour last woek per rail. A special mooting of Operative Stonemasons takes place to-night to consider the New castle striko. About 1000 minors will shortly resume work in the non-associated collieries at New castle. . . Newtown people endorsed tho extension of tho oity railway last night. The English Eleven wore boaton by nine wiokets. Tho Australians made 59 with tho loss of -one wioket. Brisbane carpenters have scored a viotory against their employers. Melbourne Bakers' Union have voted -£50 to the mineiB. A Bntohers Union has been formed at Townsville (Q.). Clovoland oxpocted to voto tho Chinese Ex- clusionJBill. U. S. Senate cortain to rojeot anti-Canadian Bill, Birmingham is preparing a grand reception for Gladstone. The trial of Mrs. Gordon-Baillie for alleged fraud has been postponed. A discovery of new cavos has been made tujgK Braidwood. Visitors who have' scon thenrtfoecribo thom as wonderful. Colonel Roberts, 159 Artillerymen, Tone chargor, and a boy loft for Nowoastlo last night. Tho Alnmoda, which, arrives to-day, brings the retnrn erew of the Seamen's Union. Tho Tramway Frauds Inquiry Board con clude their work noxt week. Lieutenant Beevor killed in his bed by Dacoits in Burmah. According to Truth Sir Honry Drummond Wolff is to succeed Lord Carrington as Go vernor. London Standard preaohing jingoism against the United States. A Russian warship has fired npon a Cana dian sealer in Behring Straits. Mr. W. J. Allen, M.L. A., roooivod a voto of confidence from his constituents at Waverley last night. Messrs. Dibbs, Fletcher, Molvillo, and O'Snllivan, M's.L.A., spoke at Waverloy last night. Middle Harbour punt capsizod yesterday and eight horses and throe drays wore lo3t. The testimonial to Bailway-Commissionor \- Goodchap promises to ho a sncoess. The Jnngfrau Kapelle have been jodclling at Farramatta, with limited snceoss. Ah Quon was fined 40s and costs at Farra matta yesterday for building a back yard straotnre without giving notioe. Sir Henry Farkes is attending to the departmental work of the Post-offioe. Mr. BobertB is still suffering from his late acci dent. Melbourne Bootmakors' Society have levied an amount equal to -840 for thb New castle miners. A new building for the Commercial Banking Co. is being erected at Braidwood. Senator Sherman advocates the union of Canada with the Unitod States. A German gendarme has been found shot dead at Suarce, a French town on tho Gorman frontier. John O'Loughlin, a respected oitizen ot Tothill's Belt (S.A.), suioidod yesterday, after having inflicted Bovoro injuries on his Wife. The Protectionist membors on both sidos of tho Queensland House of Assembly have been conferring on tho subject of the now tariff. British sovereignty has been proclaimed over New Guinea. Tho boy Bird has confessed that ho acci dentally shot Peach at Braybrook (Vio.), Mossrs. Thos. Frith, Thos. Sloane, and Henry Evans, chargod with riotingl at Lamb- ton, were yesterday admitted to bail. It is stated that the Gaiety Company will leave for 'Frisco on October 3. A Melbourne policoman was shot at twioe yesterday by a man who eventually escaped. A woman at Orange made a murderous assault on a bailiff, attacking him with a hntoher's steel. The electors of Braidwood aro anxious to have their member, Mr. A. Byrio, amongst them, _ The cattle market at Braidwood is con sidered a dead letter, owing to the want of rain. Bush-fires have boon raging at Braidwood, and tho country presents a very had ap pearance. A serious riot broke out among the Irish dook-labourers at Glasgow, and fifty-two have been imprisoned. Mayor Buohanan, of Newcastle, opened a wild-flower show at Wickham yesterday. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph ridi- ouleB the "bombastic aotion of Colonel Spalding in proceeding to Now Lambton with a Nordenfeldt gun whon all was quiot." Tho case of Marhoine v. Joso Wilde, manager of the Hillside Colliery, for wages, > resulted in a verdict for tho plaintiff. Tho Age oondemnB tho acticn.of tho minors at Now Lambton. Tho Ironmoulders' Committee met last night for the purpose of making arrangements for assisting their Viotorian brethren. B.M.S. Alameda arrived this morning from 'Frisco. Steamer Wilcannia duo to-morrow from London. B.M.S. Bosetta, from London, duo at Ado- . laido this afternoon. A Young Women's Christian Association hall will Bhortly bo created at Adelaide. A lad named Dunn has beon arrested in Molbourne on a obargo of appropriating a ohoque, whilst assisting a baker's colleotor. He is acoused of having swallowed it. "What are yon doing now?" askod Mr. Want, Q.C., of a witnoss at tho Supremo Court, yesterday. " Standing up," was tho reply. Kathleen Thorn, 12, died at Prahran yester day, while under chloroform during a dental operation. The Brisbane Superintendent of Fire Bri gades oonBiders tho brigade too small to oops with large fires. The Governor of South Australia has as sented to tho Totalisator Bill, A serious coniliot with tho minorB at New castle soems inevitable. The miners of Newcastle aro determined to stamp out blaoklog labour. ' Mr. W. J. Allon, M.L, A. for Paddington, addressed a mooting of oleotorB at the Athenmam Hall, Waverley, last night. A fall house rolled np to hear the nocount of his stewardship, and ho was aooordod a go id reception. At tho meeting of the Sydnoy Wharf Labourers' Union last night, a lottor from tho Minors' secretary was road, acknowledging receipt of -830 towards tho striko, and stating that two non-assooiatod collieries had signed the agreement. The_ Minister for Works is pleased at tho condition of tho Illawarra 'line, and tho Minister for Minos is ploased at tho condition cf all tho plaoes ho viaitod. Bivorina residents aro urging tho Govern ment to adopt retaliatory measuros on Vic toria oonseqnent npon tho polioy pursned by that oolony in the matter of stock and ceroal taxes. Mr. Brunker, the new Ministor for Lands , has been banqueted by his constituents be cause he has joined tho Parkos Ministry. They ovidently sympathise with him. Wm, JohnBeid, at present doing astrotoh in Farramatta Gaol for annexing a Bible at Manly, was yesterday sontenood to an addi tional lourtoo days for travelling as a dead head in a railway, he not hoing a duly olootod member of Parliament. 