NEW SOUTH WALES. CFrom oar own OdtreaDotadeci. i Sydney, October 5. During the heavy windstorm yeslerday a bushfire swept away some 30 tents and their contents belonging to men employed at the Potts Hill reservoir, and great difficulty was experienced in saving a large number of other tents belonging to campers at the works. A heavy bushfire is cow raging on the shores of Lake Macquarie. An interim cividerid of 2a. 6d. in the pound has been declared in the estate of Messrs. D. and W. Robertson, the well known London and Sydney engineering firm, which recently went insolvent. At the Central Police Court this morn ing Walter and Alfred Grieve, two brothers, who were arrested early in the week in connection with the ingenious frauds which for some time have been carried out by means of forged cheques on metropolitan banks, were charged with forging and uttering a cheque on the A.J.S. Bank for £47, purporting to be signed by Arthur Cubitt. The prisoners were committed for triaL There were two other cases against them, the first being for forging two cheques in the name of David Wilson on September 4 for £110 and £36 respectively on tha National Bank of Australasia, and the second for forging a cheque in the name of John Fry for £10. On the first charge they were committed for trial, and on the second they were remanded. Disastrous bush fires are raging in the neighborhood of Oaks, Picton, and Werombl, in the Camden district, and the houses of several residents are in danger. At 'a wool sale held by Goldabrough and Co. to-day the competition for the better sorts .-was keen. Greasy sold to 8dL, and good scoured to 17 Jd. A telegram received to-day from Junee states the hut unprotected sheep inocu lated by M. Pasteur's representatives with anthrax virus is dead, but the pro tected ones axe all quite well. The Broken Hill and District Water Supply Company is being registered with a capital of a quarter of a million. A sculling match took place today on the Hunter River for £100 aside,* be tween Henry Searle, of Grafton, and Wm. Hughes, of Newcastle, the latter having a start of 10 sec. in three miles. Searle had the easiest of victories, win ning by 23 lengths. Sydney, October 7. The fifth span of the Hawkeabury-bridge was placed in position on Saturday 'morn- ing. The navvies carrying out the excava tionB at Pott's Hill reservoir, under Messrs. Guimnio & Co. 'a contract, have struck work owing to the refusal of the contractor to advance the price per load of stuff from 4d. to 6d. The opening of the season of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron took place yes terday afternoon, various sailing evolu tions being performed, and a luncheon was held at Cremorne. A meeting of carpenters was held on Saturday morning, whan men were ap pointed to piquet various shops from which union men have come out aud offi cially advise non-unionists on strike. A meeting of the unions is to be held on Tuesday, when a course of action will be decided upon. The men are determined not to abate one iota of their demands so far as concerns wages. Sydney, October 3. Unusually heavy rain, accompanied by a strong half gale, set in at an early hour this morning, and continued without in termission till early in the afternoon, when the rain abated somewhat, but still fell in heavy fitful showers. A meeting of the Eight Hours Damon etratlon Committee was held this morning, at which it was decided, in consequence of the adverse weather, to postpone the celebration of the eight hours movement, to-day being the anniversary of the move ment, for an indefinite period. Late in the day a deputation from the committee saw the Premier for the purpose of asking him to grant a second public holiday for the demonstration, but nothing definite was settled. The races and all other out door sports fixed for to day had also to be abandoned owing to the rain. Aa a result of the untimely downpour the theatres to-night are literally besieged. A number of Salvationists appeared at the Wollongong Police Court to-day charged with causing a nuisance by parad ing the streets with a band. Being unable to pay the fine, they went to prison for 14 daja each Articles of agreement were signed to night between Messrs. Searle and Hanlan, on behalf of Teemer, for £500 aside and the championship of the world, providing Searle wins his forthcoming race with Kemp. Should Kemp win the race will be declared off. The race is to be rowed under the Oxford and Cambridge rulea instead of New South Wales Bowing &830' ciation roles, under which all previous championships have been rowed. A fire occurred this morning at New castle which destroyed the contents of Mr. W. Collins's confectionery shop, and partially destroyed the adjoining pre mises of Mr. E. J. Cleary, a draper. The Inmates of both houses had to be rescued by means ot ladders. The prospectus of Allt's Brewing and Wire Spirit Company, which was formed to take over and carry on in one buaisess the three concerns of Allt &Co.;, Burrows and Gleeson, and Biaden, Burrows aud Co , has been issued. The capital ia £2C0,C00 in £1 shares. Sydney, October 9. A deputation consisting of gentlaraea from various parts of the country and Tasmania waited upon the Minister for Mines today with reference to the intro duction of Tasmanian sheep into New South Wales. The deputation asked that sheep from Tasmania should be allowed to come into the colony without going through the process of 'dipping,' and it was stated In support of the request that there had not been a case of scab in Tasmania since 1873. Mr. Abigail said the objects of the Government were to remove as many restrictions as possible from trade, and in connection . with the subject under consideration a cir cular had been sent to the chairmen of tha various stock and pasture boards. Replies have been received from 14 of the boards, 10 of which were in favor of the abolition of compulsory 'dipping.' He would await the receipt of opinions from the re mainder of the boards before deciding upon what course to take. The Sydney and Melbourne Colliery Company report havfog found a seam of good bituminous and steam coal at Mitta gong extending over an area of 3,000 acres. Rabbits have made their appearance ia the Gucdagai district, one having been captured near Wantabadgery. At the Quarter Sessions to day Judge Docker sentenced Frank Ellard, ~a notorious ruffian, to penal servitude for life for a brutal aBsault on a constable named Devlin in March last. While Devlin was arresting a man Ellard so brutally illused him that he has since been completely incapacitated, and is not ex pected to live long. The report of the commission appointed to enquire into the tramway fraud has been published in exteuso. After giving the history of tha frauds the report indi cates to some extent what they amounted to (the evidence showing that they ex tended over 2J years), how the registers were doctored, and how the dishonest conductors were chiefly helped in the sale of tickets by small shopkeepers, prin cipally Greeks. Sydney, October 10. Extremely cold weather prevails ia some parts of the colony. At Tingah snow lies a foot deep and numbers* of Iambs have perished through the cold. During a heavy thunderstorm last night at Yamba 5| inches of rain fell, the houses being flooded, while several were un roofed by a heavy gale which prevented vessels from leaving the river where they are still bar-bound. From Gilgandra and the surrounding district reports are to hand that hundreds of recently shorn 3heep are dead and dying from the effects of the rain and cold. An extensive bush fire has done much damage in the Gassord district-, where it - is still raging. At an early hour this morning a grocery store and contests belonging to D Mair were totally destroyed by fire at Kiatna, the damage being estimated at £2,000. At Messrs. Goldsbrough & Mort'a wool eale to-day there was a large attea dance of English and foreign buyers, and competition was keen up to the point of leaving a small margin on the latest Eng lish rat6S. Greasy fleece ranged to 9^d. and scoured to 14d. The Government have decided not to comply with the request of the eight hours demonstration committee that the day oa which the postponed demonstration is carried out should be a public holiday. 