NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. 237 patients treated in Goulburn hospital last year. United Methodist Centennial Church opened in Alexandria. A mao named Pentfield has died at Mait land from Sunstroke. Hotel and two shops in Hunter-street, Newcastle, sold for £J 2,000. The English football team for Australia sails for New Zealand on March 8. The Gold-bill Company at Burnt Yards, near Orange, are raising very rich stone. Mr. H. B. Gotten, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Newcastle, retires. The Newcastle Coal-miniDg Company have declared a dividend of 15s. per share. A fire occurred at G. Nash's farm, Emu Plains, the damage amountiag to £100. The Customs revenue at Bourke for the week ending January 21 was £376 15a. 4d. During the 12 months ending 31st December last, 47,745 bales of wool were forwarded from Bourke. A man named James Willey hanged himsell at 19 Thomas-street, Redfern, on Friday morning. Large quantities of Australian butter are Belling readily in London at 9d. per lb. and downwards. J. W. Butter, ex-Mayor of Rockhampton, has been sentenced to seven years' penal servitude for forgery. Farmers in the Riverina district have found that dressing seed with carbolic acid ia a prevention of rust. At a public auction of Australian tallow in England, 1400 casks were offered, of which 1000 were Bold. All the trains passing through Cootamundra during last week were crowded with passengers for Sydney. A boy named David Wilson, aged 11, was drowned on Friday while bathing in a waterhole near Dubbo. Through a fall of roof in a tunnel at the Mount Kembla colliery, two miners were seriously injured. A farmer at Cootamundra was saved serious loss from a bush-fire by ploughing a strip of land three miles long. The Vale of Clwydd Coal-Mining and Copper- smelting Company have declared a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. Mr. J. Abbott, the freetrade candidate for Newtown, addressed the electors on Saturday and received a vote of confidence. James Byan, a plumber; met with a fatal accident at a harbour picnic in Sydney last week, through a fall from a swing. The barque May Qpeen from London I'B ashore at Lyttelton Reads (N.Z.). She hsB been abandoned by the underwriters. Sir Henry Holland its of opinion that it iB inadvisable to grant responsible'governthent to Western Australia at the 'present time. The half-year's business of the Port Jackson Steamship Company resulted in a profit of £1996. No dividend has been declared. A prospecting association has been formed at Cootamundra to act with the local Council in asking for £1000 of the Government grant, A young woman, whose name was supposed to be Annie Collins, was drowned near Mrs. Macquarie'e Chair, Sydney, the other night, A Wesleyan Centennial Fund is to be raised, the sum suggested being £50,006. About £7000 was promised at the recent conference, The selection of a chief railway commissioner for New Zealand has been left to the discretion of the Agent-General of that colony. The Wesleyan Conference decided to send resident ministers to Cowra, Narandera, Hunter's Hill, and Bellinger. Katoomba is to be taken up as a home mission. It has been rumored in Queensland that the Mount Morgan Company staad a good chance of winniDg, the appeal case to the Privy CounciL The united religious service in the Exhibition Building, Sydney, was so largely attended that less than half were able to get into the building. The total number of sheep in the Wilcannia district is 1,945,000, of which nearly 400,000 are on runB belonging to the Momba Pastoral Company. Fears are expressed that if the actual output of silver is commensurate with the aggregate capital value of stocks, there will be a serious fall in the market value of ^Iver. Her Majesty the Queen cabled to Lord Carrington, congratulating the colonies on their splendid material and social progres, and appreciative of their loyalty. The Mayor ot Parramatta on Friday laid the foundation-stone of the Centennial Memorial Drinking Fountain, a large and representative procession having previously paraded the town. A man named Kerwin, at West Maitland, tried to push a woman into a well. Failing in this, he struck her on the head with a paling. The woman is in the hospital and the man in gaol. A young man named George Anderson jamped off a train at Petersham while it was running at full speed. He escaped death with some brusses and a severe shock to the system. Mr. Moran's mail.po^ph,overturned between Wheeo and Goulbora on., Saturday. It was foil of passengers, and three females were thrown out, but escaped without serious injury. The proprietor of the London Daily Telegraph (Mr. Lawson) cabled on 26th to L^rd Carrington :—" To-day hundredth anniversary Australia. All true Englishmen wish you God-speed." At the meeting of the Wesleyan Conference on Saturday, a resolution was passed congratulating the Rev. S. Wilkinson upon attaining the jubilee,of his ministerial work in New South Wales. Mr. W. F. Hyde has shown us (Bombaia Times) two ears of oats, measuring in length 20 and 20£ inches, and the number of grains on the two ears is 400. This is at the rate of 100 bushels to the acre. Lord Brassey thinks that additional Imfonial officers, and that an eminent Imperial terial officers are required to instruct our co- officer should inspect and report generally upon colonial defences. They christened a new boat at Condobolin the other day, and smashed an empty Robertson'<> whisky bottle, instead of the usual bottle of fizz. This saved 15s., and 15s. means 30 long beers these times. At the corner of Philip, Bent, and Young streets, Sydney, there is to be erected a monster coffee palace. The structure, when complete, will exhaust £100,000. It will be capable of accommodating 300 visitors. Mr. John Bright in a letter to Mr. Wise says that the high tariffs of European countries are in great part the result of the great aamaments of those countries ; and that the tariff of the United States was breaking down and must break down. In the band contest in Sydney the judges awarded first prize to the band of the 4th Regiment New South Wales. The second' and third prizes were given to Bulch's Model Band, Ballarat, and the City of Launceston Band, respectively. Some wretched creatures, evidently having nothing better to do, set fire to a stripping, machine and winnower, the property of Mr. Swords, at Mudgee, cut six sets of harness to! pieces, and then burnt to the ground a wheat stack belonging to Mr. Griffin, of CooyaL The Wesleyan Conference has decided ihatj its thanksgiving fund shall be devoted to theo-; logical instruction, to the liquidation of tryst: debts, and the erection of new churches,! parsonages, and schoolrooms ; and to the pur-: chase of a site for, or the building of, a ladies' college. Mr. Eugene F. Rudder, of the Clarence! River, has announced his intention of starting i a newspaper, to be called the Northern Far-\ triers' Guardian. The papet is to be published! at South Gr&fton.; It will advocate protection! and especially in its relation to the farming! population. A telegram has been received from Mount', Margaret,- 83 miles 'from Thargoraindah, Queensland, Btating that splendid supply ol water has been struck at a depth of 35ft. from! the-surface.. ThiB is the second bore on the! station, the first having struck almost an artesian spring at 30ft. When laying th6 foundation-stone of the, Trades Hall, Sydney, Lord Carrington spoke of the necessity for improving the dwellings of the working classes. He urged the building! of email houses, which, at rentals of 10s. or 12s. per .we6k, would in 12 years become the property of the tenants. Mr. Nunn, postmaster at Cundletown, was taking a pull up the Dawson River, when he came across the body of a blackfellow floating, near the cemetery. The body had evidently been in the water a number of days, and was much decomposed. The police were informed, and took charge of the corpse. Lord Carnarvon, speaking for the United: Kingdom, sayB that her children in New South Wales are as dear to her as those close at home; that she watches their progress with pride ; and that she rejoices to count her 100 years of public life as an integral part of her own stately and almost immemorial history. A boy named Robert Ellis had a narrow escape from drowning at Newcastle. Whilst sitting on the gangway of the steamer Namoi alongside the wharf, the gangway door flew open and he fell into the harbor. A youth named Frank Morris observed the accident, and jumped in and rescued Ellis in an exhausted condition. Last Saturday evening at about 7 o'clock James Parker, a miner at Bell's Paddock, Braid wood, was working in a shaft, whin about two tons of earth suddenly shifted and came down. He j ust escaped being smothered. He was pushed up against the side of the shaft, and had his left arm broken between the elbow and wrist. A man* named Moore, travelling from Gongolgon to Bourke, on a by track, found the dead body of a man, name unknown, near the Model Hut. The police and coroner from Brewarrina wept out and held an inquiry. It was found that the man died from heart disease. A swag waB found alongside the map, who was apparently about 60 years of age. Mr. Jack Burke, the American boxer, had a sensational experience in Sydney harbor the other day. He was out rowing in a light craft when a shark ranged alongside. Burke put on a spurt to get out of the way, and his boat broke in two. Fortunately the shark was so much interested in the pieces of the boat that Burke managed to swim safely ashgre. ;. The .colonial war-ship Wolverene was brilliantly illuminated on Friday evening. In addition to the topmast heads yard arms poop, and forecastle being lighted up, the gnu ports were fitted with transparencies. On the starboard side were the words, " The centenary of our laud of liberty we celebrate today." On the port side, " Noonday sun ne er shone on land more fair." The rations given by the Government to the poor of Sydney on Centennial Day comprised the following allowance for each person :— 6lbs. of beef or mutton, £lb. tea, 21b. white sugar, a quart of milk, 7lbe. assorted vegetables, two loaves of bread, one tin of preserved fish or jam, lib. currants, lib. raisins, 41b. flour, a cake of tobacco, and a pipe. The contract for the supply of the provisions was undertaken by Mr. Kidman, at 53. per head. A correspondent writes:—" There is, it seems, a movement towards erecting some memorial to the first Governor on the spot where he landed and raised the British flag. Here let there be a monument something similar to that of Sir Walter Scott at Edinburgh, and having two niches, the upper one enriched with a statue of Captain Phillip, and having the name and 1778 beneath ; the other the statue of the present Governor, with ' Carrington, 1888/ beneath." Mr. J. P. T. Caulfied, known as the boy politician, is editor of the Lithgow paper, and is having a lively time of it there. At the race club meeting last week one member moved, "That Mr. Caulfield be not admitted to the club meetings as a reporter, or in any' capacity whatever." Another member said he' would sooner see the matter dropped, for he, himself, would rather have the slinging out of: Caulfield than see such a motion put. The matter was eventually dropped. The Government Analyst has submitted to the Minister for Justice a report with reference to the composition of imported beers. Thei beers analysed were those of MesBsrs. Bass and Co., Messrs. Truman, Hanbury, and Co., Messrs. Robert Younger and Co., Messrs. M'Ewah, and Messrs. Aiiken. No bitter; 1 principle other than that derived from the hop, plant was discovered in any of the beers.: The quantity of fusel oil extracted, and esti-l mated as amylic alcohol, was found to vary; from the moBt minute traces to 9-lOOths of a grain per gallon. I At the police court, Braidwood, Hoseaj Easton, proprietor of the Uncle Tom MiuBtrelj Troupe, was ^haiged, ou the summons side,' with larceny. The company had played the; irevious week at Queanbeyah, and after they! Jeft for Braidwood a piece of green baize, thej property of the Mechanics' Institute, wasj missed. Information was given to the police,j and the missing stuff was found in Eaton's: possassion. He was remanded'till February 1st to Queanbeyan to answer the charge.! Bail was taken, accused in £20 and one' surety in like amount. ! On the evening of Wednesday, 25th ult.,| being St. Paul's Day, an interesting and! representative gathering of the congregation of St. Paul's Church, Canterbury, was held; to commemorate the consecration of the church' 30 years before, and the centenary of the! colony. The proceedings began with a servicein the-church and an appropriate address by! the Rey. J. N. Manning, LL.B., after which a' conversaziop?, enlivened by songs and recita-l tione, was held in the schoolroom. Tea and coffee was provided by Mrs. Stiles, the other refreshments being provided by those present.; An Afghan hawker, engaged in dynamiting fishing at Roxborough Downs, near BonliaJ blew his hand off. He was taken into Bonlia, and a messenger dispatched to Warenda for! 1 Mr. Steven, commonly called Dr. Steven. The messenger and Steven when returning 1 got lost while looking for water. The mes-! senger was afterwards found in a nude state at a waterhole on the Winton-Bonlia-road. He stated that his horse died, and he drank the: 1 blood, and survived until he reached water.: Steven's dead body was found under a tree,', some miles distant. He evidently perished' from thirst. On Friday a class of bovs under the care of Mr. R. B. Parry, master of the public scooi at 1 Canterbury, were in one of the play sheds in the school grounds, when a large brown snake coiled himself up in front of the shed. Teacher and pupils were startled by the exclamation, " See ; there's a snake !" and in a jiffy the lesson stopped. Mr. Parry sent one boy for a stone and another for a slick, keeping his eyes upon the snake until the stone was put in his hand ; and the stick being ready he took a steady and rare aim, striking the reptile with such force and precision that it hardly needed the finishing stroke with the stick. A Momalong correspondent writes : —" The crops are very poor ; they are either laid low by the late heavy rains, or more than half destroyed by one of the Egyptian plagues—the cursed, abominable locusts. I thought some time back there would Le an average of at least 16 bushels, but now I am told that it has dwindled down to 10 ; some few certainly got six bags, whilst the majority only stripped bag and a hall, and two bag* to the acre. , know a few that got less than one bag per acre. Many say it would have been better had they stocked their land, for the poor crops and low piices do not pay for the labor and cost expended in raising crops." A Picton correspondent writes :—" On Saturday, a man named John Davidson familiarly known as 'Salvation Army Jack' went into Norman's store, and broke a door and window. He then got three kittens and bit the heads off them, chewing one (head up. He bit a clothes line in two, and ate a large piece off a bar of soap. With considerable difficulty he was apprehended. When lodged iu the lockup, ho eat the upper off one of his boots and tried to hang himself. The police have been up with him both nights, and the doctor has been in regular attendance. The unfortunate fellow is suffering from the effects of drink procured in Sydney, which must have been of vile quality." In the year 1837 (says the Riverine Herali) a now highly respected resident of the Nambuccra River left England for New South Wjales. On the eve of the departure of the vessel a daughter of this gentleman, five years of age, was missing. Search and subsequent enquiries were made, but no trace of the missing daughter could be found till within the last few months, when a letter written by a lady in Sotland to a friend on the Macleay, revealed the fact that the missing. daughter was still alive. A communication was opened up between the missing one and her parents, and she is now, after 50 years, on her way out to rejoin them. Her parents have reached an advanced age, the father being 95 and the mother 82, and both hale and healthy. What appears to be a malicious attempt at incendiarism was discovered before daylight the other morning, at North Shore, when a loud explosion was heard in the vicinity of an untenanted butcher's shop in Alfred- street, the property of a man named Sparkes. The premises indicated are built on Bhort piles, and it was found by the neighbors, when the smoke had cleared away, that some miscreant bad placed a charge of powder underneath, as the remains of fuse were picked uji close to a pickle bottle containing black grains, presumably blasting powder. There is no reasonable doubt as to the nature of the explosive, as a small quantity of powder and a leDgth of fuse were st ilen the same'night from a municipal quarry. The whole affair, Which has, of course, been placed in the hands of the police, is surrounded in mystery, and suspicion up to the present rests on no person. At the Salvationists' meeting on Sunday night (says the Cootamundra Herald), a very disorderly scene occurred, and, but for the appearance of a policeman there was every likelihood of a general all-round indiscriminate fight taking place. The doorkeeper, a powerful soldier, was cowardly .struck .and maltreated ; but he stood bis punishment like a lamb, believing, no doubt, :iu . the ; doctrine which Bays that if your -enemy smite Liyou on the one cheek-you are to turn the other. The pugnacious party who commenced thbiditturi)- ance tried to make his exit through themain entrance, but was encountered and seated,by a stalwart guanjiau of the peace. Being placed in an awkward dilemma, and not being anxious to take refuge in the loving arms of his guardian angel, he made an acrobatic bpund and smashed through a barricaded door, making good his escape .and breathing the pure atmosphere of freedom. > : A considerable amount of indignation, h^s recently been expressed in Ashfiela add Summer Hill at the erection and occupation of a private shop on the railway land fit Summer Hill. It appears .{hat the land in question is reserved forfche purposes of a goods eiding, and has a large fron,tage to the main and principal street. Probably with a View to raising revenue, the railway authorities let a portion of the land to a private individual at an almost nominal rental, and the result hhs been the erection of a shop carrying on business in competition with other premises built upon valuable private label, apd let at large rentals.' Protests against this action of the Railway Department were made jby the local municipal council, by the residents,: and by the members for Canterbury. We learn that the Minister for Works has written to Mr. Carruthers, M*.L A., informing him that it has been decided to give the lessee one month's notice to quit the land in question. Another instance of the serious consequences arising from an apparently triyialact has just cropped up (aays the Newcastle Evening. Call). On Tuesday, the 17th ult., a gang of railway fettlers near Loohinvar, on .the Great Northern Railway, were seated on .a trolly at their midday meal. A train for Newcastle happening to pass at the ^ime, tiome occupant of a firstclass ^compartment thoughtlessly threw out a bottle containing milk; th^. bottle struck fettler Reid on the head, inflicting a painful and severe gash on the top of the forehead. Reid has suffered considerably, and has been thrown off work in consequence. The occurrence, it is hoped, will open the eyes of travellers to the foolishly thoughtless and dangerous .practice frequently indulged in of throwing bottles aiid the like from railway carriages, regardless or ignorant of what the cbnsequences may be. If passengers must drink on the journey, and have empty bottles to dispose of, they might get rid of them without risk or Injury to anyone, by carefully dropping them from , the carriage windows, or, belter still, placing the empties under the carriage seats. Detective O'Donnell, of the Melbourne Detective Force, who visited Sydney during last week for the purpose of watching criminals known to the police in Victoria, succeeded in effecting an important arrest on Friday id the vicinity of Hunter-street While standing near this place he saw a aian known by the names of Fred Hall, alias D wyer, alias " Masher Fred,' who for some considerable time pjist had been " wanted" iu connection with a burglary at Albert Park railway station, Melbourne, which took place about a year ago. Shortly after the occurrence Detective O'Dounell proceeded to a thievey den in Melbourne for the. purpose of arresting . Hall, but. was - thene*eai oipon by several i well-known convicts andied/seriously 1 lllused by them that for the time his life was despaired of. Subsequently he could find no clue to Hall's whereabouts, and never saw him till he accidentally encountered hinion Friday. The man was fashionably dressed and in appearance considerably altered, but O'Donnell, satisfied as to his identity, at once arrested him and conveyed him to : the Central Police ! Station. There is a pretty kettle of fish cooking in Bathurct (says the Wettem Post). As our readerB know, the Government has undertaken to provide the city with a new system of water supply, and the undertaking has been carried oat after a fashion ; bnt the works have, to begin with, cost a great deal more than the estimate, and the borough has been obliged to petition for an abatement of the demand made upon it. This is not all; the mayor, Dr. Machattie, said at the last Council meeting :—" The works were out of order, the fungi accumulated in the pipes, and were carried through them to the consumers. It was certainly not fit for domestic use, and he was decidedly opposed to using it himself, and would not recommend anyone to use it, for even after it had been filtered it was but little better. The engineer bad informed him that the filter beds were useless in purifying the water, which would be as bad as ever though put through a dozen times." This is, indeed, a pretty specimen of Qoverment work, and it shows, as clearly as anything can show, that such work is rarely or never even tolerably good of its kind, Father Kiely left Hay (says the Grazier) on Sunday morning for Silverton, where, with Father Connelly, he is in future to be stationed, there being two places where worship will be celebrated, Silverton and Broken Hill. -Father Kiely's appointment and departure were most sudden, else a gentleman who has done auch work for his denomination in the Hay district would not have been permitted to have left without 'some token of appreciation. He was the first resident priest in Hay, and has been located here for eight years. Fathers Eiely and Connelly journeyed by way of Melbourne and Adelaide to Silverton. Father Tracey is now in charge of the Hay mission, and will be assisted by Father Black, the clergyman who has been stationed at Silverton. It is almost superfluous to mention all that Father Kiely has done in hie eight years' labor here; it:is a cheering augury to the people of the silver region of what he will do there. When he came heie he found only the four walls of the church standing. Since then he built the presbytery, and the convent and schools, wJiicblmust.have-altogether cost £4000. .^w. "vigor and activity were Dhenomenal,ahdliifi ziekl for his ohutcli re&arhible.; He was a universal favorite with all sections of the community. Mx. A. Burns, timber merchant, of Erskine street, Sydney, has forwarded to the Herald office a colonial ake and marlin-spike that hari* been * fi'Shed up " it the Baltic Wharf. They were embedded about 13ft. from the sur face, under the mud and just upon the red clay which forms the original bottom. The articles were submitted by Mr. Burns to Mr. Thomiis Buckland. He states that thfc marlin- Bpike is like the ordinary one in use to this day, bpt the axe is the old original."stringybarker " falling axe of colonial manufacture, and handled by the woodcutter himself. Mr. Buckland adds :—" The Parramatta and Lane Cove River woodcutters had a large fleet of clambungie?, about three to fi ve square-sterned, bluff-bowed boats. They came .down the rivers with dhe tide in the night, and at daybreak 20; to 30 would lie off Market and Bray streets (now H. R. S. N. Company's wharis), awaiting customers. When sales were effected they dischar^ed at the wharf agreed upon— one ol' tHe three abovenamed.' The men bought their stock of provisions, and as the balance, an a rule, went for rum, thb loss of the sxe overboard is easily accounted for. If the axe is cleaned I expect (unless corrosion is deep) you will find either ' £' or «C & L' in it." Mr. Buckland does not suggest any date, but both articles are very much corroded/and certainly relics of bygone days. The officials and passengers by the tram that left Bondi junction at about a quarter past nine o , ctock-p.m.~on~£4th<-4iJ&, were the victims of a cruel and idiotic practical joke. As the tram neared -the tanks the driver sbw what appeared to be the body of a woman lying across the rails of the up line. He immediately used every means in his power to stop hiB tram, but did toot sufceeed in 80 doing until the last oar bad passed bver the object. Simultaneously with this the driver'signalled to the tram speeding towards him on the down line to jtoll np, which' was done with x!n;ditabta' promptness, followed by the query, 4 " What's the matter?" < Take a band-lamp and go ahead of you and see," was the reply. In theexcitement thehand-lamp was neglected, and, peering at the bbject by the imperfebt light, ijtoe of the officials exclaimed, " Good God, we have run over a wotn&n; and cut off ber head and feet 3" " Is dead V Said another. On the hand-lamp being brought, to the relief and annoyance of everyone, the " dasUrdty hoax " was discovered. The body and skirt of a white dress and other articles'of female apparel had been stuffed with straw, with due regard to figure, &c.;, and carefully placed across the railB. The officials, after a brief consultation, wisely determined on taking the dummy to the office in the hope of establishing a clue to the perpetrators of the sbrry joke, and it is to be hoped that they Will be successful in their endeavours. We understand that the Government have decided to withdraw the prohibition which was issued on the 18th of February, i887, against the importation or introduction of stock from Europe, Asia, Afrfca, or America, or any place outside the Australian colonies, in pursuance of the recommendation made by the Intercolonial Stock Conference which' took place in Sydney in September, 1886. The recommendation was, that the time had arrived when the prohibition on the importation of cattle and sheep from the United Kingdom might, under proper restrictions, be safely removed, and that the ^Government of Australasia should be requested to give" effect to this resolution. With regard to the restrictions to be imposed we understand that the Govern ment are now preparing the necessary regula tions as to the quarantining ot animals. It will be remembered that the Queensland and South Australian Governments withdrew the prohibition some months ago, but the Victorian Administration have not yet notified their willingness to tike action in the same direction. It is probable, however, now that the other colonies have resolved upon removing all barriers against the importation of highclass slock, that something will be done in the matter by that colony. As regards New Zealand, the question has been uoder reference to a select committee, and the result of its investigation will be made known very shortly, The Tasmanian Government have not yet intimated what course they intend to take. The Murrumburrah correspondent of the Burrangong Argus relates one of the saddest cases of drowning that it has been our lot to chronicle. Two sons of Mr. Benjamin Jones, a labourer in the employ of the Hon. H. R. Roberts, of Currawong, aged respectively eleven and nine years, and a son of Mr. E. Duggan, also of Currawong, aged eleven years, were found drowned in a dam close to Mr. William King's residence near Currawong. It appears that the three boys were sent after some cows and calves, aud not having returned at the usual time, another lad, the second son of Mr. Duggan, was told off to look for them. On approaching the dam in which the unfortunate lads found their early watery graves, the younger Duggan observed the deceased boys' clothes on the bank, and being unable to find his brother and companions, he communicated with his. parents. The dead bodies of the lads were subsequently recovered from the dam. Those of the two elder boys were close beside each other, not far from the bank, and that of the younger .Tones was found further in the water. The inference is that the elder boys went to the assistance of young Jones, and that in their attempt to rescue him all three were drowned. Their parents were not aware that the boys were in the habit of bathing in the dam, which is about 18ft. deep in parts; but one of their companions has stated that it was customary for them to swim there. An inquest was held op ,the bodies, and a verdict of accidental death by drowning was returned. Much sympathy , is expressed for the families, in their Bad bereavement. One of those disgraceful muddles which generally accompany most of bur public fes tivities has (says the Star) .again. occurred. We refer to the arrangements in connection with the State banquet,, * It was definitely understood that all the' tickets of invitation which were necessary for presentation at the doors would have been posted by the banquet day, and accordingly when the majority of guests found that no notification ^hatever Jiad reached them by that day's post, they made their way to the' office of the Commission, and endeavored to discover the cause of the remissness. By about 10 o'clock the crowd that bad assembled in the vesiibule was a dense one, and the pushing, scrambling, and strong language that was used would have done justice to a mob in the East End of London. The passage way becoming choked, the squeezing was tremendous, and Sydney people blushed to see the many guests who are supposed at the present time to he entertained by us, being treated as though they were the recipients ot relief from a soup kitchen. Legislators from all parts of Australia were to be observed frantically waving their cards in the air, and calling out, "I'm the Hon. Mr. So and So, from such a place," and at the same time beseeching others of the crowd not to "quite squeeze them to death." Inside the room, the tables were heaped up with unposted invitations, and the visitor was expected to wade through some hundreds of envelopes iti the hope of discovering his own particular one. The committee appeared to be at their wits' end as to how to act, 4md were doing their best to appease the wrath of the local bigwigs whose invitations, through the want of management, had either gone astray or been forgotten. A remarkable occurrence, which is looked upon by those residing in the neighborhood to have been an earthquake, took place early on the morning of the 12th ult. on the grazing estate known as Congewai, the property of Messrs. F. and W. Dodds, in the'Wollombi district, near the township of EUalong. At the time mentioned two or three of the people living thereabouts declare they felt a tremor and shock of the ground as of an earthquake, and immediately (here was a cave-in of about 150 acres on the estate'referred to. The ground sank to a depth of 10ft. and in some places 15ft., with a width of 8ft., - carrying trees, rocks, with it, and was split np and crossed in all directions by cracks and fissures of various shapes and sizes, the main fissure surrounding the whole almost in the form of a circle, being about a mile in circumference. Inside this line the ground was all broken up; in Borne places it was depressed intD holes and fissures ; in others it 1 was raised up, so that here and there the sur- face looked like waves of the sea, so far as mere confusion went. A line of fencing running across the land was thrown completely down. It is impossible to drive even cattle across it, so much is it broken up. Mafajp of the roots of trees have been snapped asunder as if cut with a crosscut saw. Most of the crevices and depressions became filled with water, which has a very strong mineral taste and a cloudy or milky color. The country in which the miniature earthquake took place is of a very mountainous character. It might be worth the while of the Government Geologist to take a trip to the scene to ascertain its exact character, with a view to enlightening the scientific world, at least, upon the subject. The Centennial celebrations were somewhat strongly commented upon last week by Professor Stephen, the president of the Linnean Society, at the annual meeting of that body. He said : " The historians of Australia, whoever from time to time may claim or deserve the title, will always refer to the year which has closed as an epoch in their records. To our own eyeB, indeed, it may for the moment wear a different complexion. Our attention is distracted from the real significance of the period by a multiplicity of fantastic and ridiculous echemea for celebrating an occasion so suggestive of ironical felicitations. And though. I write these words before the actual completion of the century, and therefore rather with dismal forebodings than with the still more depressing experience of the festivities and jubilations which are already resounding in our ears, and threatening a period of universal indigestion and despondency, I cannot regard our mode of celebration as very sensible or very decorous. Those are empty though doubtless sincere) compliments that are paid to 'our noble selves.' And a philosopher may without difficulty demonstrate that a date is not a stage, that there is no beginning and no end to a period, that growth is imperceptible and not marked by astronomical measures, and so forth. But after all there ie a great deal of human nature in philosophers, who are found to keep birthdays and wedding days and New Tear's Days; yes, and bank holidays, even though they fall on dates of so uncertain a character as Good Friday and Christmas Day. So let us as philosophers, but nevertheless also (which is the more important) as unity of humanity, join with the unphilosophic in their unreasonable but natural rejoicjngs. Yet, I would observe that this society through all the turmoil steers an undeviating course. This meeting is held precisely as if there were no other gatherings to compete with it in attraction, j^t as a certain proportion of the ordinary routine of life must be tnaintamefl throughout the gayest festivities of fashion." The Western Grazier, of Wilcannia, commenting upon the announcement that the Government, with a view to providing a fund for the extermination of rabbits, have decided to impose the maximum rates upon all stock dfr, pastured throughout the colony during the present pastoral year, aays:—" After four years' trial the failure of the Babbit Act is self-confessed, and; this after hundreds ot thousands of pounds have been expended and an army of rabbiters and officials has been called into existence. This unfortunate district has had to bear the brunt of the war against rabbits, by the success of which, if it hed been successful, all the other districts of the colony, would have been protected ; just as by its failure they are all jeopardised. This division west of the Darlicg has been the battleground, and now the ruuholders here are to be made suffer through the Government mistakes in the past. Admitting that it is fair to saddle upon the pastoral class alone throughout the country the task and expense of rabbit extermination, without any adequate subsidy from the other classes, each of which has a vital interest in the euccess of the present struggle to make the occupation of the waste lands of the Crown profitable ; admitting for argument sake that such a course is fair, however foolish it may be, then surely it is not fair in any sense to make a rigid assessment, applying equally to the rich land of the East, well watered, nearer markets, having sure and cheap transit for produce, and verminless, as to this Western country, which is its antithesis in all these respects. It seems to us that it would be juster and wiser far to have entirely relieved this district from assessment, sefting that the pastoralists here are being 'bled' at tvery artery. While the rabbits are increasing, : and while the producing power of the coiintry is being steadily lessened by their depredations, the Government seize the occasion to cut off or lessen the subsidy, to levy rents that were assessed as if no ribbits existed, and lastly, to increase the assessments for stock." A magnificent new cave has been discovered at Jen'olan, the news of which has just been brought to Bithurst One night last week a party of Bithurst visitors were engaged in exploration in the Elder cave, when the guide, Mr. WHson, said he had suspicions that there was another cave in the immediate vicinity of the spot where they stoo3. Close by was a small low passage branching off from the main cave, and so blocked op with rock that no one had penetrated to the extremity. Through the crevice at th6 further end, however, occasionally came such a cold whiff of air a's to lead the Experienced guide to suspect the existence ot some large cave' on the other side. Three young men of the parly agreed to assist the guide to search for the cave. That night at the appointed hour the three visitors and the guide met at the spot, and proceeded in search. Their implements consisted of several stout miners' picks and a goodly supply of candles. The three visitors were Messrs. Webb and Welford (of Tarana) and Mutton, of Bathurst. The first thing to be done was to clear the passage by the overhanging rock, after which they crept on hands and knees to the farther extremity, and proceeded to pick away at jthe crevice through which the cold air made' its way. Only one man at a time could use the pick, while the second held the candle. The work of picking went on steadily from halfprst 8 to half-past 2 in the m° rD 'ngt each man working turn and turn. When the crevice had been considerably enlarged, and a hole had been picked through the solid rock about l^ft. in d?pth, the guide then held he candle out at arm's length through the hole, but the draught immediately extinguished it. Another candle was speedily lit, and the guide held it out as before. Several times the candle was blown out, but Mr. Wilson persevered, and was rewarded by catchiug occasional glimpses of what appeared to be a vast cave profusely hung with stalactites and a floor covered with quartz and stalagmites. Ill though he was at the time, Mr. Wilson determined to descend at once and take possession of the new cave. A stout rope, brought for the purpose, was made fast to a rock in the passage and lowered to the bottom, which was found to be about 50ft. deep and of great area. The return was the most difficult and dangerous feat of all. It was a matter of the very greatest difficulty lor all except Telford to squeeze themselves through the tiny hole which by their own exertions they had cut through the rock, but the magnificent aspect of the cave rewarded them for their exertions. 