NEW BOOKS AND MAGAZINES. w The Boy's Otm Paper (The Leisure Hour Office, 50, Paternoster Bow), for January gives us the close of Lady Btx-tni?*s tale -of colonial life ;? Harry Tiever'«n.'». ~.t is a simple' narration of the varied experienr-es of a youth thrown upon his 'wn resounvs in Western Australia, beginning with a tramp of some thirty miles inland, des cribing a bush-fire, the hero's disappoint ments in his quest for employment, his life en a catt le run, his getting lost in the bush, the effects of the rain on the country, a kangaroo hunt and an attack of fever. Finally of court* Hasty Trcvestoa finds a wife— in prospect— and a fortune There is no plot properly so called, but the tale adounds with incident. The descriptions l-oth of country and manners are very graphic and n-nder this sketch alike iu tereting and instructive to the youth for whom it is intended. The prcent volume November number. It contains ' Edric the Norseman,' a serial tale of adventure and discovery,, numerous short stories, articles on various subjects of interests, such as bouls, cycling. Taxidesmy. dogs, wolf -hunt- ing, how to make model steam-engines, microscopes, &c; . besides numerous puzzles, answers to correspondents and doings for the month. Altogether, it is a very readable work and deserves its popularity. The Girl's Own Paper, from the same office, for the current month provides a varied gase for itB young Headers. It has the continuation of two serial stories, ' Be stitutitn' and 'One little Vein of Dross/' two shorter tales and a number of geo graphical and other sketches, in addition there are several articles on subjects quo ad /emutatu pertinent, such as ' fashionable hags,' ' Dress in Season and in Season,' sketches of notable women, hints on marketing, diet, cooking and nursing, with snatches of poetry, and some good illustra tions. The coloured frontispiece ' Alice ' excellent. The tone of the magazine is tharongly pure and affords healthy and pleasant reading. The ' Leisure Honr' commences the new year with an improved issu; at the same price as heretofore A new story 'Great. Grandmother Severn' from the pen of Mr. Leslie Keith is commenced and we are promised ' My Best Shipmate,' by George Capples and -The Princess Sarah' by Winter ; also a series of short tales by Mrs. Macquoid, Esnie Stuart and other known authors. Amongst, the various papers an nounced for the coming year are 'The Queen's Homes' by E. A. Pascop, of which the opening one is very interesting; 'The Story of the shires,' by Canon Crnghton, ' Industrial Stetchee' by W. J. Gordon .- ' Health Papers' by Dr. Schofield; 'Some Famous Regiments,' by Surgeon-Major Alcock ; 'The Hors« and its History,'* by the Bev. J. G. Wood, 'Natural History Notes,' *' Lioerary KickshawB,' Notes on Current Science and otb*r poems. The illustrations of the present nnmber are well up to the mark ani the frontispiece, ' A Daughter of the Kast,' by G. L. Seymour, is a real work of art in sepia tinte ; it is remarkable alike for its softness of shading and its delicacy. On tile whole the present instalment gives good promise. The article -On the Choice of Occupations in Life' contains much nsefnl advice. The pith of it is in the author's own words : 'The true t-ourse is to start from great principles of duty toward GoA. aad one neighbour, of justice to one's own soul and usefulness to the community.-' We heartily commend this to parents. Though this, as also the two magazines above mentioned, is pub lished by the Religious Tract Society, we are pleased to note the absence of that obtruse goody-goodiness which too often renders works of this elass odious. Its tone is thoroughly good. digging. Squatting and Pioneering Life in the Northern Territory of South Austra lia, by Mrs. Dominie D. Daly (Crown. 8vo) ?. London, Sampson Low, Marston, Searle & Bivington. An important addition to the history of Australia is made by Mrs. Uominie D. Daly in her book on ' Digging, Squatting and Pioneering Life in the Northern Territory. After an introductory chapter on the early history of North Australian colonization, she gives an account of her voyage to and residence for three years in the Territory of which her father was appointed Government Resident in 1870. This occupies a good half of the volume ; the lemainder contain ing a review of the history itnd progress of the settlement brought tip to so recent a date as last Easter. The authoress acknow ledges her indebtedness to the Agent Genual of .the colony, the proprietors of the Argus and South Australian Register offices in London in giving her access to official and other information. The narra tive of her own personal experience is by no means the least interesting portion of the work. Pioneering work evidently meant « roughing it,' and Mrs. Daly writes as having as thorough acquaintance with the hardships of that life. Her style is bright and pleasing, her descriptions of scenery and adventures are graphic and, in spite of many chatty diversions, the main point is not lost sight of. Her narrations of fatal accidents to some of the first settlers and especially of the death of a digger during the gold rush of 1873 are very pathetic. She .was on the snot for twelve months while the construction of the overland Telegraph was going on, and testifies strongly to the troubles and dangers en countered by the constructing party. Among them she enumerates the clearing of the track, the setting in of the rains and consequent impraetibility of the ground, dangers from natives, damages by white ante, suffering from fevers and agues which visions and mortality among tile horses, rhe rush to the gold mines in 1872 and life there, as also the return of many of the lisappointed miners in the Sjpringbob are Graphically described. The authoress states is the result of her experience that with all their fanlts, the miners are always loyal to their mates and courteous to women. In returning to Adelaide, Mrs. Daly and her husband visited Perth for a few hours, and the folloM-ing description may be of interest to your readers: The mad followed the banks of the Swan, and we enjoyed the pretty drive immensely. The town lies at the head of the river which terminates in a lake ; thisinthecool of the evening looked as blue and tranquil as an Kalian logo. Perth is prettily situa ted with such a good foreground and. we admired our first view of it, nestling amongst old trees which looked wonderfully green and fresh for November, one of the hottest months of the year. The air was dry and very light. One of onr party said it reminded 2um of the filtf-|'*ytH'1^ of the Cape ; indeed, the Kfcfimwff between Africa and this part of Australia is very striking from all I can learn. . . . Tha impression — and of course so fleeting a visit -sn only remain upon one's mind as an impression — that Perth has left upon my memory is one of greater age aad greater peace than I remember in any of the colonies, fib had retained a certain English character about it, and Perth certainly can lay claim to being one of the most prettily situated of Australian towns The concluding portion of this interest ing work consists o? a sketch of the vicissi tudes through which the 'JViritory has passed to the present based npon document ary evidence and the auihorcss here pro ceeds to state the conclusions arrived at by her upon the labour question, the prn^pprfs of fntnre prosperity and other important matters in a well-Teason^d and through! ^|^f infmiuy. She gives strikinar accounts of the rush in 188G to the Kimberlcy diggings- 'The Territory non- became the high road to Kimberley. Whole caravans started from -Jueeualand, making the journey ac russ country; ttadc received an impetus froiu the neighbourhood of (In flow field ; fat cattle u-eie sent from Victoria, and good prices were obtained for the beasts. But the trials, troubles and disappointments were just as great as those encountered by the pioneer prosper-tors in the territory itself.' In another place Mrs. Daly writes : ' All along the track the r--main*n d relics of white men were found. Hero a ?crap of clothing; perhaps a portion «f a flannel shirt., there a strap with the onmer'g name ; pack saddles torn and plundered, empty meat linB. and initiate cut on trees where the poor gold seekers had camped for a night or so ; an old hat and the bowl of a pipe were the only traces left of men whose fate will always remain a mystery. Lives sacrificed upon the altar of Mammon, enly anils in the thousands who have fallen in the wilds of Australia, victims to the fever and unrest caused by the search for gold.' The writer adds precis of reports of visits made to the Territory by Fattier Julian Woods «nd 'Ovedander' of the Argus Btaff which give piquancy to her own writ ing. In the concluding chapter, premising that ' for the future of this country there can be nothing to dread,' she recapitulates her views on matters affecting its welfare and hopes that what she has written ' may serve to'bring a country which deserves greater notoriety than it has already gain ed into more prominent notice; '.also to point out to the original land order 'holders in the Northern Territory that they have a possession in that Car off land more valu ible at the present moment than in their snidest dreams they ever could have im igined.' The book is elegantly got up Kith a tastefnl exteriot, good clear type tad a valual le index.' It. is very readable ind contains much matter for reflection. We hope that, as a means of drawing ittention to the importance of our North !rn districts, it may have & large ciretila mm. The Irish in Australia, t-y James Francis logan. 8%o , LondGn, Ward & Downey. Jr. Hogan. late of the Argns vtafl' in Mel Kturne and now of the London office of that paper, gives us a most interesting sketch of the action of the Celtic race in the formation of the great Australian colonies. In politics, literature and art and especially in the higher walk of missionary enterprise the Irish have made their mark. The author vividly porttays the oppression which as Catholics and Irish many of the first settlers (branded with the stigma of convictism on account of their fidelity to their religious or political faith) suffered at the hands of tyrannical officials, and bow many of these rose to be esteemed by the very men who had thu6 branded them. The story of theex pedition of Burkeiind Wills is told in graphic words: &£ incidents of the Eureka stock ade in November and December, 1834, the ' Buckley will case,' Mrs Chisholm's work, the voyage of the 'Erin-go-bragh' are also told; the share which Irishmen had in the formation of Victoria, Queensland, New Ssuth Wales, South Australia and Western Australia is also related in eloquent lan guage. The author's sketch of the progress made by the Catholic Church in the Colonies is also remarkably vivid and the Inwrlniitpg suffered by the faithful of Sydney after the scandalous expulsion of the Very Rev. Father O'Flinn in 1817 are narrated with much pathos. He speaks in fitting terms of the labours and Bufferings of Fathers Dixon, O'Neil and Harold, the arrival of Fathers Therry and Conolly, of Archdeacon McEncroe, Dr. Ullathorne, Sir B. Buurke and his Catholic sympathiseres, ihe elevation of Dr. Bede Poldlng to the episcopal and subsequently acchiepiecopal SeeofSydney,ofthecitU and consecration of Dr. Goold to that of Melbourne and of the works of their sneessors in those provinces. Our readers will, however, be specially in terested to find that the work of the gospel in West Australia is not forgotten. He specially relates the intrepidity displayed by the present Bishop of Perth on a memorable occasion which he says won for Father Gibney 'universal admiration and the newB of hie elevation to the mitre was received with cordial approval by the press and the public of all the colonies.' The founding of the Order of the Sisters of St. Joseph by the Rev. Julian E. Tenison Woods (to whose scientific enterprise the author pays a grateful tribute) is not for gotten, nor the works of Irish priests in NewSWaland. Among statesmen Mr. Hogan bears good witness to the labours of Sir John O'Shanescy, Sir Charles Gowan Duffy (the » Father of Australian Federation '), Wil liam Charles Wentworth ('the Australian Patriot '), and others of their compatriots. in a chapter on ' Notable Irish Austral ians' he brings before us lively sketches of the Right Hon. W. Bede Dalley, Sir Red mond Barry, a long string of IrishAus tralian viceroyB and other celebrities. In the concluding chapter on ' Irish-Catholic Characteristics,' the author enumerates their remarkable loyalty to the land of their adoption, while they never forget the filial duty they owe to the land of their fatbers ami its traditions ; their power ef self -adaptation to the municipal and parlia mentary institutions of their new homes, the general amity of their relations with their fellow citizens. In toe course of a brief sketch of Western Australia, after an allusion to the caflways and other public works now in progress and the wonderful tut''1! resources of the conntiy, Mr. Hogan remarks ? ' If she can only induce a rull tide of immigrants to follow to her shores. Western Australia will, before long, rank amongst the richest provinces to the north of the Equator.' To say that this book is— racily — written would be too obvious a ieu at mots; but we may say that the style always rises to the dignity of the subject, whether in the staid narration of historical facts, the pathetic relation of some of the more eorrowf ul incidents which are brought under notice, or in the recital of the jocular anecdotes and illustrations which from time to time brighten these pages. We think, however, that exceptien may be taken to the manner in which the author falls foul of Mr. Anthony TroUope. He quoteb from ' Australia and New Zea land' by that writer as follows :— ' In Mel bourne there is an Irish quarter and there is a Chinese quarter, as to both of which / too* toU (the italics are ours) tint the visitor who visited them might see much of tbe worse side of life.' Whether this is true or not is not out point to discuss, but certainly it is rather unnecessary to charge Mr. TroUope in this particular instance with 'lying and unblushing effrontery.' With tins sole exception we have nothing bat praise for a book which will be seal by every English-speaking catholic who is interested in the advancement of his church, every Irishmen proud of tbe name and by all v.-ho have at heart the welfare asd pros perity of that infant Uerc^los arrong nafonj — A-istralasir- Mr. Glndsfon? in E-'kn3-.vl?d^inir a ---npy of this vrorl- sponfcs of it as ono ?' vrhieh promises to lv.' of gr»ar int,-- ros.t and — irh uuiiJi I -h:ili I.- anvi'*ir; !?- a.vjiiaiut myself llior.'.«;;lily at Ihe eailir-st in.-.uient.*' The Karl of Alterdeen on the same subject says : ' The subject of your book is not only highly interesting in itself, hat it lias obviously :m important ??oariujr on the great Irish ?{iii'.stiou au-l, from the mere ' jrlaure I bavo as yet Jh-oii -±I-U.- to take owe your |»a£cs, I am under tin- ini|»rcssiou thai : the r.ork will form au cxo'llenl contribution , to the literature of the subject in a depart- - ment which has not, perhaps, hitherto oeen ; lar;Tfly brought iutn prominence in this ' country.' j. Jannarv 1:1. 