MULWALA. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) For the last week or 10 days it has been very close and sultry, and even after the sun has taken his departure the atmosphere still retains its oppressive influence quite throughout the night, Owing, no doubt, to the excessive heat, our re' spective liquor vendors are having a busy time. The general topic of the day is the races. A second meeting of the club was held at M'Crabb'a Hotel on Saturday evening last, and judging by the large number of members present, and the lively interest evinced by them in the pro< ceedings, we ought to have a very successful turn-out. The club have a most able and energetic secretary in the person of Mr. Geo. Camplin, who is sparing nopainsto make a good day's Bport. A new course is to be f o r m e d and everythmg is to be strictly under t h e A.J.C. rules lbe races will take place on Boxing Day, and the following is a list of the events :-Maiden f late ofgTovf., about. mile ; Mulwala Handicap of 16 sovs., li miles; Hurdle Race of 10 sovs , two miles, over such jumps as stewards may direct, Publicans' Purse of 7 sovs., 1} miles; Selling Bace of 10 sovs., H miles, winner to be sold tor £15, any surplus to go to the club, weight for age Novel Selling Race of 2 sovs threequarters of a mile, winner to be sold for £10, any surplus to go to club, weight for age, post entry i Hack Race of 4 sovs., three-quarters of a mile, for grass-fed hacks that Have never won an advertised prize, 8st. Up, post entry j and Consolation Stakes, for all beaten horses, onoe round course. It will thus be seen that a liberal programme has been provided, and it should attract a good field of horses for each event. Several local hoisea are already in training, and " Billy" swears his nag is going all the way for the big money, and considers generally that he's a bit in it, let what will start, bar Mentor. The nominations for Mulwala Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Publicans Purse are, I believe, to be in the hands of the secretary on or before the 17th December, at 8 pm. We were visited by a terrific dust-storm on Tuesday evening, which did an amount of damage in the way of unroofing houses and uprooting and tearing branches from trees. I have not heard of any accidents further than those mentioned, but I believe some persons in a trap had a narrow escape from a falling tree down at the punt. Several bush-fires are ragiog in this locality, and the air is quite full of smoke from them. ___ 