Disastrous Bushflres in the Country. Our Forbes correspondent telegraphed on Monday: — Bush fires between Forbes and Grenfell have destroyed many miles of fencing. Mr. Dent, of Ooma, had 1000 sheep burned. The Cootamundra district (writes our correspondent on the 19th inst.) has, up to the present season, borne a repu tation of being free from bushnres ; but this season I have already had to record in the columns of the Mail, more than once, bushflres that have occurred here. Lost Thursday will be remembered by very many in the district as ' Black Thursday.' About midday smoke was noticed from the town rising in different directions. At the time a very high wind was blowing, and accordingly it was Boon made manifest that the whole country was ablaze. a large nuniDor 01 volunteers went out to tno aiuerent Dusn fires from the town, and there is no doubt it is solely owing to the large number of willing hands to do their utmost to prevent homesteads from being levelled to the ground, that more destruction has not now to be chronicled. From Mr. Heffernim'fi Clear Hills Station, to within two miles of our town, is now one open block of land, and as black as it is possible for lire to pake it. Messrs. Curry, Quinlan, .Rogers, Maher, Worthington, M'Clintock and othere have suffered considerably, losing nearly every acre of grass, which at this time of year is a very serious mutter. These sheep farmers will bo compelled either to sell their stock, or rent country to depasture them on. Many accounts are given of the origin of these fircB, and in every instance it appears to be some one burning off, and owing to the high wind at the time the fire got away from them, and the consequence is the fencing, to Bay nothing of the grass, burnt will amount to thousands of pounds. 1 his fire will, it is expected, reduce the area under cultivation this 6ea&on;, as it will be next to impossible for many of the farmers who are sufferers from the late fire to fence their land in time to crop it. Mr. M-Clintock, of Frompton, had a few sheep burnt alive, and it waB with great ;b;m-u!Ty and danger that they saved their horses and cattle. Some sheep were noticed next day walking about with all the wool burnt off, blind, and parts of the flesh half roasted. The oldest residents of this district do not remember to have witnessed such a day before in this part of the colony. Our Mudgee correspondent writes on the 17th instant t — Tho weather for the week has been very hot, in fact dis agreeably bo. Bush fires are raging in the mountains all around the town, and we hear that they extend far out towards Hargiaves. Damage has been done to grass paddocks, notably to Mr. R. Rouse's of Guntewang, who suffered very much. The town is enveloped in smoke all day long from these surrounding fireH, and the temperature is perceptibly higher in consequence. A strong hot wind blows very often, carrying the smoke and dust every whero, making things very unpleasant, besides spreading the area of the fires. 