CORIO SIIILIE COUNCIL. TrnsDAY. 31st jAXiTAtir. Present—Crs Campbell (president), Thomson, O, Madden, Kees, Austin, M'Clelland, Spalding, Kiddle, and M'liarry, A visitor. Cr Win. Bell, of the Geelong Town Council, paid a visit to the shire meeting", and was accommodated with a scat to the right hand side of the president. the thistle nuisance. A letter was r.-ad from Messrs Hy. Hampton and Jos. lloldworth, complaining" that thistles were allowed to grow on the properties of persons adjoin* ing their paddocks. The secretary stated that action had been taken, and the caiuc of annoyance abated. THE FYANSFORD BRIDGE. A letter was read from the Bannockburn shire council asking for co-operation in having the plank ing of the loadway of the above bridge repaired and made saic. The engineer said that the repairs would cost about £-00. On the motion of Cr Madden, a deputation, consisting of the president and Cr Kees, was appointed to interview the Minister of Public Works, and ask for a special grant towards the cost of repairing the bridge. It was also agreed to co operate with the Bannockburn council. aimdmkck or road; The secretary read a letter from Mr F. Amiytagc, asking th> council to make a bad piece of road in front of Elcho, on the Bacchus Marsh load. The eccretarj* stated that tenders had been called for the work, AN OFFER. Daniel Smith, of Heme Hill, wrote offering to make a piece of road leading Into his property free of charge to the council if the council supplied him with quarry waste for the purpose. It. was decided that the members for the riding should make an inspection of the locality; COLLECTING RATES. 1 A letter was read from the Glenelg shire council suggesting that the rates should be collected in the same way as the Government collect the laud tax ami rents, and that three months bo allowed for appeal instead of one as at present. No action taken. A letter was read from the Mayor of Melbourne .soliciting donations towards a testimonial to Captain Richardson, for bravery on the occasion of the disaster to tin steamer Cheviot. No action taken, KTONEIlUKAKlNO MACHINERY. Messrs Phillips ami Jacques, of Richmond, wrote, offering for sale stone crushing machinery. No action taken. l'lTRUC HALL AT LOVELY BANKS. A letter was read from ii. Trcyvaud, hon. secretary ' of the Lovely Banks Mutual Improvement Association, \ stating that a building had been leased from the Water Supply department in the water supply reserve I at Lovely Banks, and the association asked for the [ permission of the local board of health to use the building for entertainments: such as balls, concerts, etel, and free library, and : to call the building the " Lovely Banks Mutual Improvement Association's Hall and Free Library." The request was complied with, on the motion of Cr Kees, seconded by Cr Madden. engineer's REPORT.'■ Tins referred generally to the progress of contracts, which was rather slow, owing to thy fact that laborers were scarce on account cf the unusually heavy harvest. On the motion of Cr Kees, it was agreed to give the contractors two months' extension of time in completing their contracts. In reply to Cr Kiddle, the engineer stated that the gravel being used for the Auakie road was obtained from the Marathon estate, and it was not sand taken out of Sutherland's creek, TENDERS, The following were accepted Constructing 27 chains and erecting wooden culvert on Bees' and Wilson's roads, Little Itivcr, M. O'Brien £178 193; oonstt noting 2S chains 20 links Ralmuiu to Anakic road, P. O'Brien £102 ; constructing 31 chains from Anakic road to Mrs Canity's premises, Tanner ami Sharkey £S2 3s ; constructing 20 chains Klcho road, west of swamp, M. O'Brien £5S ; supplying 500 cubic yards gravel for tvpair of Anakic road, Thos. Sharkey £54 3s Jd ; supplying 70> cubic yards 2iu metal for repairing Main Forest and Railway roads, Barry and Tanner £227# GENERAL BUSINESS, On the motion of Cr Spalding, it was agreed to call for tenders for 200 yards gravel for a road leadir from Selkirk's road to Sir A. Thompsoi property. It was resolved, on the motion of Cr Madden, to have various repairs effected to Church-street, leading to the Cemetery road. On the motion of Cr M'liarry, seconded by Cr Spalding, it was decided not to oppose Mr J. B. Michell's application for a lease of the land forming the bay froutagc to his property. It was resolved, on the motion of Cr Madden, seconded by Cr Thomson, to have repairs effected to the 6ide of the road leading into Mr Coverdale'a farm* provided that the expense did not exceed £2.l * PREVENTING BV STITHIES. ! Cr Kiddle said that the district-mado phosphorised grain was the cause of bushfires. lie moved a re?o- j lution to the effect that for the present none be made in the Corio shire until farther notice; Cr Austin hecondcd the motion, which was carried. It was stated that the chemically prepared phosphorised I ^rain was not so dangerous as that mixed in the | various districts. FINANCE REPORT* 1\. ' Stating that the receipts since last meeting amounted to £2-1 Is 7d. 2. Stating that the debit I balance at the bank amounted to £153. 3. ltecom- ! mendiug the payment of accounts amounting to £251 9s Sd. Adopted. The council then adjourned. 