A Small Estate in the Western District. (BY BRUNI) Situated within the limit of thn old •word foiest tli.it mice bounded the southern side of the great Warmk burnah plain, which occupies so large an area of the Western District of "Victoria, Ho many famous estates that are known throughout Australia as the best cattle-fattening pastures in the land. Owing to bushfires, ringhnrking, natural decay, and the stock prevent ing the growth of any young trees, the limit of the old forest is rapidly re treating, and soon one will see a strip of country twenty miles broad added to the southern edge of the plain. The result of this wholesale destruction of trees is that the pastnres are burned up fully a month earlier than they used to be, but it is contender! that the fatten ing qualities of the grasses have been improved by the admission of more light and air to the soil. So far as can lie judged by tho records of rainfall kept in this part of Victoria, there has as yet been no appreciable diminution in the rainfall, the coast rains appear ing still to favor the old lino of the timber country. In this instance it may be said it was the rain that caused the forest, and not the forest that attracted the rain. One bad effect clearing off the timber has had, and that is to deprive the stock of all shelter from the piercing south-west ■wind, and for this purpose alone it ■would be worth while for tho land owners in this district to plant trees extensively in lines and clumps. Anton:; the estates situated just ■within the influence of the coast rains is that known as Eddington, named after the original occupier, Captain Eddington, who was for many years a resident in this neignborhood. The character of the pasture on this pro perty is such that though merino sheep can be reared on it, longwool and cross bred sheep are found to be more pro Stable, while for rearing and fattening cattle it is almost as good as some of the famous estates that join it to the southward. The forest along this strip of what is now very open country was originally composed of very handsome lightwoods, with here and there clumps of fair-sized gum-trees. Tlie soil consists of a heavy black clay in the flats that border the Mount Emu Creek, with a rich brown loamy soil on the banks, changing to a lighter coloured soil in places, with chocolate loam near the volcauic hills. Owing partly to the richness of the soil, but Still more to the mildness of the climate and ample rainfall, the grass is always abundant, save in ypars when the rainfall is exceptionally light. At its worst the rainfall would be con sidered a splendid one over the greater portion of Australia. Meeting Mr. Stuart Reid, the owner of Eddington, at Campeidown, I read ily accepted an invitation to pay him a visit, and shortly before sunset we Etarted behind as game a pair of ponies as I havo seen for some time. Soon oftcr leaving Camperdown we crossed the railway line, which here runs close by the main western road on its north ern side. The down train was late, and according to the regulations the gates were closed till it had passed. As the train had not reached Camper down we had the prospect, if the regu lations were strictly carried out, of ■waiting at the gate for at least an hour, but a little persuasion induced the gatekeeper's representative to allow us to pass. The gates on this line must be a great nuisance to the resi dents on the northern side of the line, and as the country becomes more popu lated I fancy they spill bo dispensed ■with, and the New Zealand plan of Laving side pits and open roads will be adopted. Tlie wind was almost a gale and jxtremely chilly, but our game iteids rattled along in rare style, so fcnat the journey was not a long one. "We left the main Darlington road and passed through a portion of Mr. P. M'Arthur's estate, skirting the foot of Meningoort-hill, with the extensive steading situated among the lightwoods at its base. A few milel! beyond the hill we reached the homestead at Eddington, having done the eleven miles within the hour, the ponies never having once been asked to mend their pace. After a day's exposure to a keen south-west gale it was with un feigned gladness I reached the hospit able shelter of Eddington-house. My first impression on looking at the country surrounding the Eddington steading was that there was nothing about the place to distinguish it from the rest of the country along the border of the Western forest, but as there ia no field, no matter how limited in ex tent, but contains a great variety of soil within its bounds, so I found in this estate of 5,000 acres something interesting in almost every step I took. The stock reared on the place naturally attracted my attention before anything else. For several years Mr. Rnid kept merino sheep on Eddington, but as tlity were liable to suffer from footrot and the pastures were of too rich a nature to suit them, lie decided to make a change and try crossbreeding. The result has bean a highly satisfactory one, notwithstanding the difficulty ex perienced in obtaining stud sires of the excellence required to breed good cross breds and comebacks. Mr. Reid soon found that to obtain high-class sires to breed from it was necessary to establish email studs of lonjrwools and merinos. The longwools he obtained in the neigh bourhood, and by breeding with great care from lirst- class originals he has now got together a very attractive little stud (lock. The stud merinos he obtained at the sale of the well-known Borriyallock ilock, the stud sire being a ram by a Wauganella sire from a select Borriyallock ewe. These sheep are a trifle more robust in form and fleece than the famous Western merino Etud sheep, but they are on that account better fittcj for the purpose of producing the best type of crossbreds and comebacks. These studs have been established only a few years, but •with their aid Mr. Reid anticipates be ing able to grow an animal that will produce a heavier and more valuable fleece than the ordinary crossbred, and .at the same time be quite as valuable for the butcher. The plan adopted by Mr. Beid is one that recommends itself to most "skilful brtid^rs of sheep •whose country is more suitable for cross'>reds than pure merinos. Mr. Jtobert Clarke, one of the best breedei s Of. crOssbredB I know, has for years past adopted this plan ou the Bolinda estate. , Eddington-house is situated on gently-rising ground n little over halt ji mile from the Emu Creek. Tlie aspect is to the westward, nnd the situation in stormy wrntlier is some what exposed, but there is a planta tion of moderate size which affords tood shelter, and the wind, though unple.is.int und apt to interfere with the progress of the garden, is neverthe less conducive to health. The prospect is an extensive one; on a clear day one can sec the peaks of tho Grampinns, while nearer at hand are Mounts Shadwell, Koorat, Leura, and several smaller hills forming n semicirclo to the southward. Mount Mcnin goort is closo by, and beyond, to the northward, their sides clothed with the tawny hue of summer, are the Cloven hills and Mount Elephant. The garden is> an extensive one. and if it were better sheltered from the strong keen west wind it would lie one of the best in the dis trict. Exposr-d as it is there are few gardens in this part of the country that could present a better show of tiowcrs, and particularly of roses, than I saw round Efldington-liouse. Thn Eddington property is situated on the west side of the Emu Creek, to which it has a frontage of nboai; five miles. The course of the stream is bordered by extensive flats, composed of a very strong black clay,'which was originally covered with heavy bunches of tussock grass. The banks which enclose the valley through- which the stream runs are of moderate, height, and of gracefully rounded outlines. My first trip over the property was along the bank ascending the stream. The first field I entered was full of ryegras3 still quite green. From the thickness of the sward I was under the impression that it had been laid down with grass seed; but on inquiry I found that some years ago it was sown with lucerne, and the ryegrass had since taken possession of the soil, hav ing been brought there by the stock. This field exteiids into the flat, where rvegrass was sown, as the tussocks wero destroyed after a good burn. From the appearance of this bank, I feel satisfied that it would be a very successful operation to thoroughly pre pare and !ay down the greater part of this property with the best European grasses. There is ample indication that the soil and climate are favorable to their growth, and to judge by the field in which the ryegrass has estab lishd itself, the grazing capabilities of the soil would be almost doubled. A tiger escaped on Wednesday last from a menagerie in Brisbane. It attacked a man named Peter, who was employed nbont the place, and who wa3 terribly iujared. The keeper was also severely lacsrated. "If 3'ou ate a man of business, weakened by the strain of yonrdutirs. avoki 6timul-intB and take Dr. Smile's American Hup Bitters." PcoUXaKELlSM—lrresponsible speculators am again at wuek endeavoring to deceive tie public with imported ami domestic tin mrdicatcd drama, by representing them to be the samo as, or equal to, Wolfe's Sclinapp?, The real article bears ou its label tho signa ture nnd addresi of the proprietor, and its name is embossed on the bottle. Ask fur it anil take no other. Norwegian ScKSEar ia freqaenMy put into com parison with both awiuerluul and America, for -ilia inn.l-.-urc! iv nuuntain vieus. while it is .Uml.tful if anrthin:r to eqiwl its ciiaat, deeply injenttfl l.y !jonl», cm be found elsewhere. The Und of the midnlsht son offers erejter nnrdty and more attrac tions to tourists in Pear;h of health and enjuyment at a modenitc cost than any ol the fashionable etin tineu'al rew.ru. Tlie wonderful experienca oi a to Iwfargiitten. The L f-.teo Islands «ru greatly fanlcd for theii* cws- scenery, and are wtll knowo as the >cat of the Great Xuroegiuu O«l Fiahone.', cnl nlovins anuually tlinusimls of mm. The cre»tc>t .N'jroti-ian Foci, ry ij hero situated, that ol Jenirn'i 0.1 Liver Oil, thd uiiuiialtlii'.' properties and pority of which iuve'>MU^ht it huo such lav..r with iuo.li cal u;en and all Htio'uke it. Anj Chemist n-.w sells Jen-en's Cod Li^er Oil in hottlo, at U. it and 5s Od, witli tin trad • mark, an "Icoborr," on tlii> wrapper o even* ho le, if vsnwtti^ Wholesale Ac****— WWK. TOMPSITfA f>.^ Mfllmiirjp. Jesskn's Cou Livek Oil is now bottled by tho Company'a Sole Agents in London to enable thum to guarantee its purity. F.very genuine bottle "bears on the wrapper the registered trade mark, an "Ici'berjj," and sells by chemists at It, 2j, and 3a Gd. It is the most digestible form of nourisbmedt, and io aweet and frc.'li that children take it and like it. Especially recommeodeil for wast ing, /or indigestion, for chronic cr.Uf-hs, sthma.or bronchitis. Wbnlr.sale AR«nts— Rookf. TOMrsrrr ft Co. Jlplhnnrne 