BRIAGOLONG CRICKETERS AT DARGO. (BY ONE OF THEM.] The 23rd of November, 1888, will be long remembered by a few of the Briagolong cricketers as one of the most disagreeable days they have experienced on their trips to Dargo, and the day before (Thursday) will be well remembered by the residents of Briagolong as the day on which, one of the fiercest bushfires we have experienced for many years took place. On all other trips which our cricketers have taken to Dargo, it rained, and rained in earnest, but this one was the reverse, being fire all the way. Some of our team made a very early start, half past four a.m., and we have to thank Messrs D. Hurley and P. Coloe, who happened to have started the night before, they having been in Briagolong for goods with their horse teams, for clearing, the cuttings of fallen timber for us. This had been burned down by the bush fire in large quantities, and there is no turning off the road, as it is almost one continuous cutting round the side of the mountains. It is to be hoped, as this was public work, that Messrs Hurley and Coloe will be paid for their trouble. Having reached Bulgoback, a little scorched and dusty, we found our old and most highly esteemed friend, Mrs Hardy, awaiting our arrival, and in a very short time, she had ready, with the aid of her kind and attentive daughter, a dinner which could not be sur- passed in any part of Gippsland, and I can recomend any one travelling this lonely road to have a look in and see for them- selves. We pushed on to Mr A. G. Traill's, the popular member of the mining board, when we found that gentleman, who is one of the greatest lovers of cricket, and one of the best men the Dargo cricket club posseses, awaiting us as usual, and he invited us to take lunch, which was very acceptable on such a summer's day. We had a few miles to go, so on we pushed and arrived at our destination soon after 3 o'clock. After tea we adjourned to the mechanics' institute, where a dance was got up by the young folks of Dargo for our reception. There being none of the Dargo young men present, as they had to go and put out bush fires, the young ladles were left to take charge of our team and make us enjoy ourselves, which we did. During an interval of ten minutes, light refreshments were handed round by the ladies; and, when we had done these justice, dancing was again commenced and kept up till three in the morning, when we returned to our quarters for a few hours sleep. At about 12 o'clock the following day (Saturday) the match com- menced, and Forbes, our captain, winning the toss sent our opponents in to bat, and in a very short time the eleven men were out for total of 31 runs, A. Traill being top score with 13. After a few minutes in- terval our boys started batting and suc- ceeded in topping their opponents' score by seven runs, Wilson being top score with 9. Griffin's bowling being very destructive. After a little refreshments ahd been par- taken of, Dargo again went in and made a better attempt than the first innings, put- ting together 40, mainly through the fine batting of O'Grady, who made 24 of the total. Our side on going in for their second innings could make no stand against the bowling of Griffin, he being well on the spot, doing the hat trick, and the whole were disposed of for the small total of 13 runs. Dargo thus proved the winners by 20 runs. S.T. Riley and A. G. Traill officiated as umpires. We now left the ground and adjourned to Mrs Coloe's Bridge Hotel, where a fine spread was awaiting us, got up in fine style by the hostess, there being every thing on the table that could be de- sired. After ample justice was done, to the tables the usual toasts were proposed, and we then adjourned to the mechanics' insti tute, and I must say that, the fair sex turned out in full force, and you could turn Gippsland all over and not find a more plea sant lot of young ladies and good dancers. Dancing was kept up in a merry style till 12 o'clock, during which time refreshments were handed round. We now left the room, all agreeing that we had never before en- joyed themselves so much, and hoping that before long another match would be played at Dargo. 