The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; The rainfall so long expected is up to the present (Tues day) an absentee. The drought is almost general, and if it continues much longer must cause many heavy losses, j Up to the present not much serious damage has been done, j The subjoined reports afford full particulars of the condi tion, which in every respect is very disheartening. Good crops cannot possibly be obtained, but a fair quantity of rain might bring 'at-lea&t; some return to the farmers; The sheep farmers must bave heavy losess in weaning. More than three-fourths of die pasture land is completely parched. ALBURY, August 26. . Another good fall of rain has .taken - place during the past week, some parts of the district being visited with heavy thunder- showers. There has been little frost, and the crops generally are coming on very well. Stock of all kinds are reported to be in a healthy and thriving character, but more rain is needed in the back country. BALLINA, August 25. Very dry weather has been experienced for some time past, and there is no sign of a change. All classes of the community are anxiously awaiting a fall of rain. On the farms all kinds of agricultural operations are almost at a standstill. The grass is getting very dry, and is cutting up with the winds. Early maize-planting is delayed, and even cane would be all the better for a thorough soaking of the soil. Cane cutting and crushing are proceeding generally throughout the district, but the season's crop must yield a very poor return compared with that of last year ; and, as frost has seriously affected large quantities of next year's canes and completely destroyed smaller areas, the coming season will not be so good as last year. BUNDARRA, August 26. The river Gwydir is lower than it has been for many vears, and is for the time only a series of waterholes. Tbe immediate outlook is very depressing, both to the fanner and stoclcowner, and grave fears are entertained that the coming spring will be a trying time to both ; if, however, this anxiety should lead them, when rain comes, to prepare for the future in making dams and irrigation, thiedry season will not have come in rain. BALRANALD, August 27. The weather continues dry, 'and the much-needed rain holds off with great persistency. So far, we have only had about 6in. '-fortius -vear, and this month, which is here noted for heavy rainfalls, we have had only a very few points. Out back the want of rain is being very severely felt, and a number of stations have started sheep on the road for .water. Several stations have large lines of young sheep for sale, and if not able to dispose of them by the end of the present month, they will be obliged to start these also on the road. The general average of the lambing has been about 80 per cent., but, through owners being obliged to travel the ewes so frequently over the run for water, only about 20 per cent, of the lambs have survived. Up to a few days past we had very cold weather, with the nights frosty, but now we have every indication of summer, and our hopes of the much- needed thunderstorm are fading completely away. I speak ad visedly when 1 say the outlook is becoming extremely serious to the pastoralists collectively (as all have fared alike with, or rather without, rain). No greater evidence of this could be required than the terribly depressed state ot business in the town^ which may almost be compared in appearance to the ruins of Pompeii. The carriers have succeeded in obtaining union rates of freight for the season's loading, but even with this concession they will not under take second trips to the now dreaded back country, owing to the scarcity of feed and entire absence of surface water. The only water obtainable for the bullocks is that at the Government tanks, and the stages from tank to tank ere too severe on the bullocks, which, on returning to town, assume the appearance of veritable walking skeletons. ? ' DENILiQUItt, August 25. The continued dryness of the weather in this district is causing a large amount of anxtety amongst owners of stock. The rainfall this year has been largely below the average, i the registration being. for the eight months ot. this year to date 5'63in. as against over 13in. to the same date last year, and about 10in.- of an average for over 20 years. As a matter of fact, the rainfall from the 1st of January has only been 4-40in., as l*23in. fell on the 31st December last, ana has been counted into the returns for this year, in accordance with the Observatory regulations. This is the lowest record in the Deniliquin district since the year 1866, when only 3*10in. fell in the January-August period. The stock passings are veiy numerous just now, and the raOway stock traffic unusually active. Last week halfa dozen special trains of Stock, in addition to the ordinary ones, were despatched, and several more have been sent away this week. GRAFTGN, August 25. During this week the grass is on fire in many places to the north, west, and south, and die atmosphere is clouded with smoke. Everything being so dry, when the grass once gets alight there is no saying where it may reach. Many of these fires originate from carelessness, but it is very rarely that any prosecution can be initiated, though a short time ago two men were charged with leaving their camp fire alight, and were fined. The sugarcane so far is turning out more than equal to anticipations. The dry weather is all in its favour, and there is therefore some satisfaction in the thought that the absence of rain, which gives so much concern to the farmers here, is a great advantage to those of the lower river. The season will, however, be a short one, and the plant cane, which has been frosted severely, will shorten the supply for crushing of 1890. Should rain come next month even, there will be a considerable area planted this season for the Colonial Sugar-refining Company, who are offering better prices for river-bank cane than they have before paid. . ? ? GOULBURN, August 28. The drought still continues. 'Rain has several times threatened, but without result. During the past two days 4he;weatherhas been summerlike in its warmth; and unless rain comes soon the worst fears will be realised. A number of bush-fires could be seen round the city on Monday, but no reports of damage have come to hand. GLEN INN ES,; August 28. Dry weather still continues. During the past fortnight the sky been clouded several times, ana it has even thundered overhead ; yet there has been no rain. The un seasonable drought in this district, as all foresaw, is daily producing its unsavoury fruit. Sickness amongst us has so far not resulted from it, yet the deprivation of water is causing sad havoc amongst . stock of all kinds, the sheep being the worst off, finding nothing to exist on than grass starred out and parched to the semblance of horsehair or wire ; bnt sheep, in pursuance ot the first law of nature, strive to exist nevertheless. Their owners, as can be well understood, are heavy losers; and one selector, to take an sxample, who last year sheared a full 1000 sheep, has in the ' ^reseat one already loet 700. According to ola residents, a drought like the present one has not been experienced since 1840\. In former years, tho country at this time has generally been covered with green gross ; the last few days have been almost at summer heat; and should wo only get one good shower we should soon have plenty of grass. Farmers, however, will suffer as far as wheat-growing is cencerned, whether it rains or not, as it is too late now for wheat-sowing ; and what has been sown shows no riga of germinating. Even should we have rain within a week or a fortnight, sufficient to produce the wheat already sown, we could not possibly raise more than a quarter of our average output. 1NVERELL, August 27. From all parts of the district discouraging news is to hand of the havoc made amongst stock through the con tinued dry weather. Where lambing is in operation severe losses are being sustained. At Reedy Creek station it is anticiprted the lambing will fall short by 50 per cent. In other parts the sheep are suffering mm the effects of eating dry grass, which is to some extent indigestible. . The manager at King's Plains (Mr. Butter) informs me that there is still a fair supply of water, but many of the sheep are in bad condition from the cause mentioned. Lambing commences at Reedy Creek on Wednesday next, and at King's Plains on 5th September. . At Nla manna and the surrounding neighbourhood, Mr. George Arthur, surveyor, informs me that many of the indigenous trees are dying for want of moisture, and that there are large tracts of our forests— both of pine and apple trees— which are withering up for want of rain. This 'is, indeed, alarming, and It is generally believed that this state of affairs has never been previously recorded in the history of the colony. At the time of writing there is no signs of a change in the weather, which is very sultry, the glass to-day registering 72 degrees. KIANDRA, August 25. The weather during the last fortnight has been of a variable description: some days bright and warm, with heavy frost at night, and oftener cloudy days and nights, when the snow would jjerceptibly melt awav, though the water caused thereby seems to go into the soil, and has not yet reached the creeks and water-channels. During the warm sunny days the snow must evaporate into the air, to iaceount for its disappearance without turning into water, and it. may return to the earth during the coming summer in a copious downpour of; rain, and make amends for the dry winter experienced down country this season. . Farmers and settlers generally outside of the snow-line on Monaro say this has been the driest winter experienced for years, but stock generally are in fair condition, though worms and other parasites in' sheep troubled their owners earlier in the season, through the good season experienced last spring coming after bare pastures from the preceding drought ; but if early spring rains set in from this side of the colony all will be well with them, though through the dry autumn less land has been laid down in crop this season than for two or three years. MOAMA, August 25. We experienced another disappointment on Tuesday, when there was every appearance of a steadv downpour of rain, but only a few light showers fell. Tie outlook is very gloomy both, for crops and grass. The present year is the driest 6ince 18G9, when but little rain fell until about the middle of September. The Murray is etill falling, and but little is doing at the wharfs. MANNING RIVER, August 27. The continued dry weather in this district is becoming a source of anxiety to all. Farmers and graziers are put to much trouble to find the necessary supply of water for their stock, while the land in many parts is too dry for late ploughing or early maize planting. The townships in die district are many of them complaining of the scarcity of this essential to health and life. There is, to-day, an appearance indicative of approaching rain, and it is much to be desired that it will come as early as may be, or this river valley will soon be.in a state of dryness as baa as the drought some two years since. NARRABRI, August 28. The coming summer causes much foreboding. There is as much despondency expressed' as at any time during the greatest drought. We- near of a squatter buying 25,000 ewes, and losing 3000 since their coming to the station, six weeks ago. A few tires have started, but have been got under without much damage. All are on tbe alert, as the dry grass is still abundant; but the water begins to fail lamentably. Last season's wheat crop has been lost, and the ground is too hard and dry for sowing now. We hear nothing now of the shearing touble here. The union ap pears to have sustained a defeat as far as this district is concerned. Wednesday. A thunderstorm occurred lust night; a small shower of two points fell. The weather, to-day, is clear and fine. There is nothing doing in stock. NUNDLE, Wednesday. Stock passing: 4840 wethers from Kangaroo Hill to Blandfora, Mr. Suckling, owner. The dry state of the weather is very alarming, and should it continue the effects on stock will be diasastrous. Our water supply is fast drying up, and, owing to the summer heat suddenly setting in,* the country has a thoroughly parched appearance. Last night a welcome thunderstorm gave us a fair shower, which may prove the forerunner of a change. ORANGE, Tuesday. The heat in Orange to-day (Tuesday) is sufficiently great for mid- summer. A heavy haze of smoke encircles the town, caused by the smoke of bush-fires which have been burning on the Rosedale estate, to the north, since Sunday. Spring flowers are out, and trees are putting on foliage, yet we cannot realise that winter is only leaving us, as the rainfall this year has been so light. In many places the ground is caked and hard as though after a drought, and farmers aie in anxious suspense lest dry weather con tinues and brings ruin upon them. A gentleman who has large transactions with farmers informs me unless we have rain soon many of this industrious class will be wound up. It is not so much in the immediate neighbourhood of Orange that the bad effects are felt, but a few miles distant, where there is not so much moisture in the atmosphere. As it is, the large hay and corn sheds here have been closed because there has been no demand on them ; but orders are now coming in for stock feed. TEMORA, August 27. We have given up all thoughts of rain, and all the weather prophets are at fault. Nevertheless, sheep and cattle look well, but there is an unmistakable drought. August 28. On the 27th instant, 700 fat bullocks from M'Laren, Commingen, Queensland, en route Wodonga, West in charge. TENTERFIELD, August 27. Water is very scarce, and there is no grass to speak of ; consequently stock are in anything but good condition. The days are very warm, and hope is held out that ere long we will be visited by thunderstorms, a couple of which would prove most invaluable at the preset timev WAGGA WAGGA, August 27. During the past few days the people of fids district have experienced some of the torments inflicted upon the mythical Tantalus, for the rain clouds have gathered so that a good downpour seemed inevitable, but after a mere sprinkling they floated away — it is to be hoped to places where mois ture is wanted worse than it is here. In the meantime the grass is assuming an unseasonable russet-colour, and the tanks are steadily becoming empty. . WEST MAITL AND. August 28. Not only the strike is causing anxiety, but the weather also. Rain is very much needed everywhere, and if we do not have a good downpour soon, the outlook for farmers, as well as pastoralists, will be a bad one indeed. The crops in this district are backward, there being little or no growth in the ground for the want of moisture. The trees are in bloom, the days and night warm, but the fields and hills are quite brown yet, and many of them bare enough, and with a short supply of water. 