NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, October 5. Daring the heavy windstorm yesterday a bushfire swept away some 30 tents and their contents belonging to men employed at the Potto Hill reservoir, and great difficulty was experienced In saving a large number of other tents belonging to campers at the works. A heavy biuhnre is now raging on the shores of Lake Macqoarle. An interim dividend of 2<i. 6i. in the pound has been declared in the estate of Messrs. D. and VV. Robertson, the well known London and Sydney engineering firm, which recently went insolvent. At the Central Police Court this morn ing Walter and Alfred Grieve, two brothers, who were arrested early In the week in connection with (he ingenious frauds which for some time have been carried out by means of forged cheques on metropolitan banks, were charged with forging and uttering a cheque on the A.J.S. Bank for £47, purporting to fea signed by Arthur Oubitt. The prisoners were committed for trial. Th*r^ ymn two other cases against then^ the first being for forging two chooses in the name of David Wilson on September 4 tor £110 and £36 respectlv^y on the National Bank of Australasia, and the second for forging a cheque tv the name of John Fey for £10. On the first charge they war* committed for trial, and oa tUe eecsad they were remanded. Disastrous bush fires are ragtag ia the neighborhood of Oiks, PictJn, and Werombl, in the Camden district, and the homes of several residents are ia danger. At l& wool sale held by Goldsbrongh and Co. to-day the competition for the better sorts was keen. Greasy sold to BeL, and good econred to 17£ d. A telegram received to-day from Janee states the last unprotected sheep inocu lated by M. Ptfstetir'a representatives with anthrax virus Is dead, bat the pro tected ones are all quite well. The Broken Hill and District Water Supply Company is being registered with ■ a capital of a quarter of a million. A sculling match took place to-day on i the Hunter River for £100 aside, be- ' tween Henry Searle, of GraTton, and Wm. Hughes, of Newcastle, the latter ' having a start of 10 sec. la three miles. , Searle had the easiest of victories, win* ning by 23 lengths. Arrived—Alice Mary, from Laonceston; Kebo and Cambrian Duchess, from London from Montrose ; Barra bool, fron%Briabane. Sailed—Age and Victoria, fonSfibourne ; Gabo, for Mel bourne and Adelaide; TanaJfi, for Noumea; Fitzroy, for Brisbane ; Carnarvon Castle, for San Francisco. 