DESTRUCIDGi BUSII FIRES.. Our Leneva. correspondent writes: "The bush-fire- on the Rats' Castld Ranges, which I mentioned in my last, Is am thankful to say, has been thoroughly conquered, thanks to a few energetic workers. But still. smoke hovers around In clouds, as fires are raging around us in almost every direction.: A tlf?-l ssstst' ahead in the forest known.as. the Watch Box, near Indigo, ansd also at the head of the Indigo Crock a great deal of damage is being done by fire-the destruction of grass and fences belonging to Mesars Hatteraloy and Kendall, on the Beech. worth road. Towards Wodonga, fires are seen on the hills sloping towards the Rats' Castle road, nearthe farms belong lag to Mr Trudewind and others. House. Creek has also been visited by the flames, and smoke is also seen floating over from towards Kiewa way. Altogether, with not an exuberant supply of grass . and water, and fires burning the country up, this part of the world presents rather a gloomy aspect." Writing on Wednesday, our Lonoeva correspondent says :-" I am happy to say the bush-fires which I mentioned in my foregoing report are diminishing, and from the isolated little place where I claim to abide-located on the uipper part of Lenovea-no signs of the fires ate noticeable, and at last we are free fromnt smoke. I hear, however, that the one in the Watch Box still rages fiercely, but the one on the Upper Indigo, I am glad to say, has been fairly mastered." During Saturday a bush fire started in the neighborhood of Splitters' Creek, which was destined to come much nearer Albusy than appeared possible. Shortly after tl.e origination of the fire a strong south.. westerly breeze sprang up, which had the etffect of carrying it along with alarming rapidity. In tile course of a few hours the - contflgration had complete hold on the range of hills extending to Albury, and had devastated the holdings of Messrs James.. Green, Saggars, and Clark, iin the neighbor. hood of Splitters' Creek, and was rapidly consuming the grass on Mr William Day's V'aterview estate. Towards night the fire had reached the hills at the rear of the Nail can, and threatened the properties of Messrs Thomas Alleck anmd Box at the Lavington... The reflection of the fire illumined the whole of tie north-westerly sky, and its proximity occasioned some atlrm insomuch as some members of the fire brigade and other townspeople went out with the object of rendering any assistance no cessary to prevent the fire doing further damage to the properties on the Lavingtoon. It was most fortunate that assistanco was attracted to the locality, for had it not been for the exertions of Mr John Connors and others, Mr Box's pro perty would most assuredly have been. destroyed. Mr Connors, who was one of the first on the scene, burnt a strip of ground in advance of the flames, and hardly had he done so when the fire reached the line, when, owing to tihe fortunate precan. tion, its progress in that direction was. checked, and AMr Box's property saved. But all danger had not passed, for the fire, which by this time had encompassed the whole of the surrounding hills, threatened to extend on all sides to the property of Mr • T. Affleck, and a careful watch had to be kept all night. Before morning the fire, while not abandoning the firm hold it hadtl taken to the Lavington Hills, had extended to Htamilton's Gully and the foothills of the Black Range, and was burning in these localities with great intent. sity, and during Sunday it again threatened to demolish Mr Aflleek's property. That gmntleman, together with his men and a number of boys who had gone out durisng the dlay to see the fire, were kept at work during the whole of Sunday and far into the night burning in advance of the fire, which proved to be the means of preventing the flames reaching Mr Aflleek's property. Late in the night thie danger appeared to have passed, and as may be imagined ranlch relief was felt. On Monday the fire was play. ing havoc on the hills near the Jindera Gap, but at night it appeared to have almost Iurnt itself out. During the height of the fire on Sunday night it'ex tended for.a distance of upwards of six miles, when the whole country on the right hand'sidh of the Corowa road was on fire. It spread with alarming rapidity before the wind, and its progress, particularly up hill, is stated to Ihave been marvellous. The flames are described by one eye-witness to have presented the appearance of a wall of fire travelling with the velocity of an ava lancls, and the country over which it . passed now presents a blackened and char red appearance. The destruction of grass, on the common is very great, and will be seriously felt dnring the summer and winter, but excepting the destruction of fencing atis grass at Splitters' Creek the fire cannot. have caused any. great amount of danmage. It is stated 'to have originated on the farm of Mr Jas. Green at Splitters' Creek. While thue lire was .at its height much destruction was lieitKg tlne on the Gero gory estate by a fire which unaccountably broke out on Saturdaey, and upwards of four miles of fencing and a quantity of valuable grass was consumed. On Monday 'the fire was got in hand, and its career appeared to have icen checked: On Friday afternoon a fire originated on Huawsksview station, near the main road tIn Shelley's Flat, and in proximity to the scone of last, year's fire on thiR estate. It was discovered bly Mr Jamses Drummond, of Ta'l'garnn, wiho was.on his way home after visiting Albury. Mr Drummond reported the oceurrence at the station, and the fire, which ihadl not extended over a great area, was very quickly put Lout. A destructive fire is reported to be raging in the Tumblarumba district, which aIIpears to hasre L a firm G hold on the cousntry.. 