NOTES FROM YORK. From our own Correspondent. The Christmas and New Year festivities are now over, and we have again settled down to our former quiet state. The weather has been very severe of late, the thermometer at noon on Sunday last registering no less than 108 degrees in the shade. Bush-fires also surrounded the town, and they aided considerably in making the temperature uncomfortable. At the present time strong easterly gales are blowing, raising clouds of dust in the streets, making it very disagreeable indeed. The Municipal Council might, I think, prevent this nuisance by putting on a water cart, which could be done at very little expense. The larrikin element has been rife here during the past few days. On the eve of the New Year some senseless, loutish fel- lows amused themselves by placing all sorts of obstacles in the principal streets, there- by endangering the lives of the public. They even went so far as to fasten wire and rope across the thoroughfares, but fortu- nately this was discovered before anything serious happened therefrom. Seven of the offenders have been summoned to appear at the police court on Monday next, and should the charge be brought home to them I should certainly like to see them severely punished, as it would perhaps be a caution to others for the future. The shooting affair which took place on Sunday morning was the result of these so-called "larks", but fortunately the case will not prove fatal. Connor, the prisoner, it appears, was in charge of the residence of Mr. Davey, jun., at the time, and he states that he bad been visited by some larrikins, who had interfered with some of the property under his charge. He called upon Sherry and his companion to stop as they were passing, and upon their not com- plying with the request he fired, part of the contents of the gun lodging in the thigh of Sherry, who fell to the ground. Wetherall, who was walking alongside Sherry, received some shot-marks in the hand, and he also dropped, but was on the ground only for a few seconds, as when he found he had escaped injury he took to his heels and ran. Connor was brought up at the police court on Monday morning, when the Court was crowded. He was remanded for 8 days, bail being allowed, himself in £50 and two sureties of £50 each. Messrs. J. T. Monger and H. Davey are his sureties. On Boxing Day a cricket match was played here between the two local clubs, and a very pleasant game was indulged in. The match was decided on tiie first innings, the old club proving victorious by about 50 runs. In tiie evening a sacred and carol concert was held in tiie MA«»tinTii«a* Insti tute, which passed off very successfully. The proceeds amounted to something over £6, which is to be divided between tiie Brass Band and Glee Club. I am indeed pleased to see some steps taken to augment the funds of the Brass Band, which has, under the management of our worthy Postmaster (Mr. Hard man), made rapid strides of late. It is a well-known fact that had Mr. Hardman'e services been more substantially recognised by the public here tofore the Band would never have been al lowed to collapse. It could hardly be expected that this gentleman, who had sacrificed both labour and g«p»n«» in endeavouring to make tie tiling a success, would for ever carry on, when he found his efforts were not fully appreciated by the public It behoves us to liberally patronise this kind of amusement, provided gratu itously by members of our community, wno no doubt see the necessity at times of endeavouring to 'drive dull care away.' The ' Miners' Arms' was opened by Mr. C. Hodey as Monday last, and a great many seemed to seize tiie opportunity offered of obtaining a free drink, Mr. Horlsy will no doubt do fairly welL A number of people reside in the imrap- linfr» neigblourhood; besides, there are numer ous teams travelling reg-ilariy it ttmt direc tion. The Mayor of our town. Mr. F. Craig . ?has been very seriously 01 durin»tbe past week or so, he having caupht a very severe cold, which necessitate 1 his being confined to bis bedforaotne few dkys. I am glad to see'him about again. Improvements are being made'to both the interior and exterior of Trinity church, in this town, by taking up the brick floor and placing boaris down, and effecting -other improvements «f a very desirable nature. This is being done in lieu of building a new church, which has been talked of for so long a time. Wheat is coming into our milk rapidly, and,judging by the numerous heavily laden drays and waggons, an abundant harvest has been gathered. An almost entire failure is noticeable in a portion of tlie.fmit crop here — in apricots, apples, and peaches especially. The Tradesmen's Union Cricket Olub played the Beverleyites «n Monday last, and won by G wickets. The i-lay was very good on both sides. January 4. 