REMINISENCES. COUNTY EVELYN. (BY A. R.) \----- No. 11. An opportunity occurred early in January of visiting Yarra Flats, which I had not yet done. I started early one morning, mounting an empty bul- lock dray which was returning from the town after delivering the bales of wool. There were three squatting stations this time on the Flats, viz, Messr Ryrie, who had possessed two homesteads, one recently purchased and occupied by Mr. Castella, and the Gulf Station, belonging to Mr. Dickson. It was to the last named that I in- tended paying my devoirs, he having a young family. The only occupant of any part of the country to the Flats from Kangaroo Ground at that time (as far as I am aware) was Mr. Dendy. This gentleman had been seen passing our abode in a light gig, which was looked upon as quite a phenomenon. The primitive maps of Port Phillip gave a large section marked Denby's, [Dendy's] just where Brighton and St. Kilda now stand, and it well exhibits the changes of fortune that the gentleman who first became possessed of such a property, should now come to occupy a small station in a far from productive part of the bush. It lay off the line of route so I had not the privilege of visiting Mr. Dendy, who, in after years, favored me by his valuable friendship. Dray travellng is proverbially very slow, it took six hours to get over the dozen miles, when early after noon, we reached the summit of the Big Hill, over the summit of which the track lay in those days. Much, I think, of the sublimity and even the beauty of the magnificent sight of the grand theatre of mountain range to be scanned from this point on the original track is lost on that of the less elevated road after- wards laid out and made serviceable. At the former the eye penetrated into more of the valleys and recesses of the lofty hills and spreading valleys, while just at your feet, far below, lay the verdant plains and the winding river. At this, my first view of the enchanting: scene, I seemed, as it were, transfixed to the spot, and allowed the dray, which I had left, to proceed without me. When at length I set off and hastened my steps down the long, steep declivity of nearly one mile, I was soon far ahead of the dray, and in ten minutes found myself on the low flat and following a track which brought me to a shepherd's hut, near the river- bank. The keeper came forward to meet um, and, on may inquiring the way to the Gulf Station, he showed me politely into the hut, and hastened to make ready the never failing damper, and put on the billy to prepare the tea. I may remark that this was a specimen of that free, off-hand hospitality which prevailed all over the country before the irruption of diggers, but if now absent among squatters and shep- herds in the bush, it is not unknown among the miners themselves, from whom I have frequently met with hos- pitality quite similar. Proceeding to my destination, I enjoyed the walk through the clear forest pasture lands for three miles, when some fencing showed signs of occupation ; passing through which I soon discerned, before me, on a rising ground, a small collec- tion of bark huts guarded by a ring of burnt grass and charred timber, wisely rendered in order to prevent the spread of bush-fires reaching the homestead. Mr. Dickson I observed seated outside of his dwelling, and, having introduced myself, I was immediately ushered into the neat abode, which was covered with passion flowers in great luxuriance. Mrs. Dickson and family made me a welcome visitor, and I was expected to make a longer stay than was con- venient to myself. Next morning, my host, having business in Melbourne, started off after breakfast on horseback, having the saddle-bags, which always returned well filled. The travelling thus in the Australian bush reminded one of the mode common in Britain before stage coaches came into vogue. Mrs. Dickson then held her usual lessons for the children, and it was pleasing to see that they had made fair progress under her tuition, although they were young. After dinner we all took a stroll into the bush, visiting an out-station up Steel's Creek, and the only occupation of that now populated quarter. The second day it was in- tended that I should visit Mr. Ryrie, but I had acquired a severe eye- blight, attended with much swelling and infla- mation of the organ. This complaint had been unusually prevalent that season. I therefore found it expedient to return home the next morning, which I did rapidly on "Peter," a horse belonging to Mr. Bell, then re- maining at Gulf Station. At home, for the rest of the holidays, there was much to occupy. Great difficulty was experienced by the settlers in procuring laborers to secure the crops, and where hands in a family were wanting, serious loss was inevitable. Although desiring to assist personally, I knew my inaptl- tude, and when put to the task of reaping wheat, was confirmed in my opinion. The weather was against my trial, being a hot wind, so I completely succumbed after three days—and only a part of each day. It was discouraging, also, to find myself outstripped by my young pupil, William Barr. My ex- perience had gone further in garden work, which had already occupied much spare time. As yet, my half- acre allotment had no fencing, and was open to the large paddock in which it lay. As Mr. Innes would put cattle therein whenever the crop was off, the great necessity of a rail fence was ap- arent, and I succeeded in obtaining this in time to save my vegetables. School was resumed on 19th January, but very few scholars this month. The 5th February,. on which day I went to Melbourne, was a hot day, but not nearly so violent as the 5th Feb- ruary of the preceding year, long remembered as "Black Thursday." On this occasion I had to see the new school Inspector, Mr. Colin Campbell, and found as clerk and sole occupant of a small room up a stair, used as the office of the School Board, Mr. Teslar, for so many succeeding years a well known and respected officer of what afterwards became a large and in- creasing establishment. At this date, also accompanied by the Rev. Irving Hetherington, I called at the Survey Office, to ascertain that the Kangaroo Ground cemetery ground had been pro- perly marked off. Ten acres we got reserved for the purpose, five of which was to be in use till the other five should be required. Subsequently measures were taken to obtain a grant for the fencing, gates, &c.;, but for that and other things the public had to wait. The following jottings from my. diary indicate life in those days:— 20th January.--Mutton obtained, great rarity. Feb. 2nd.--Groceries delayed in town three week. 10th.—Wife ill ; no servant ; food kindly sent by neighbours. 20th.—Mir. Smith, preacher, introduced by Mr. Cameron, of Cranbourne, and Mr. Donaldson. 21st.—A meeting of subscribers to the school held; some late of arriving, as they had been engaged erecting a bridge across the Diamond Creek. 28th.—Perform at the funeral of Mr. Barr's child, 29th.—Church service. This was leap year. Five Sundays in February (1852) a very rare occurence. (End of No. 11 Reminiscences). 