INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. SYDNEY, Wednesday. A shocking accident has occurred at the King' s Plain Station, in the Inverell district. William Vivers, a lad of 16, took a horse to a fence. The animal reared, threw its rider, fell on him, and crushed his head terribly, death being instantaneous. The lad was a eon of the late Mr. Wm. Vivers, proprietor of the King's Plain Station, who was killed by a lever woolpress three years ago. A horse attached to a trap containing Mr. and Mrs. J. Murphy and an infant bolted at Burwood last night. All the occupants were thrown out Mrs. Murphy was fatally injured, and died in an hour. Mr. Murphy was seriously hurt, and the baby was slightly injured. Captain James E. Williams, of the Changsha, was fined heavily at the Water Police Court this morning for allowing seven Chinese passengers to escape from his vessel, and land without paying the poll-tax. He was fined £50 per head, and ordered to pay the poll- tax'of £10 per head, amounting to £420 altogether,' The fine ^was paid. The Chamber of Manufactures agreed to-night that Tan intercolonial conference on commercial reciprocity based on a customs union should be held in Sydney on June 6th. The representatives of this colony on the commission on rabbit destruction by disease will be appointed in a few days, and the commission will commence their inquiries almost immediately. At a crowded public meeting in the Town-hall this evening, a resolution was passed calling on the Government to abandon the relief works and proceed immediately with undertakings of a reproductive character. It was urged that the Government should immediately dispose of the Land Bill and submit their railway policy to Parliament. Hanlan and Kemp are both doing good work on the Parramatts. The Canadian is in good health and scales list. 61b., or about 3lb. heavier than he intends to row. Kemp is in splendid fettle after his visit to Beach, at Dapto, and hopes to come to the post in the best condition. SYDNEY, Thursday. A girl named Kellett, aged 14, living at Surry Hills, attempted Bnicide to-day by taking poison. The Government is determined to break up the Labor Bureau at the earliest opportunity. A man named Henry Cross was brought up at the police court to-day, charged with running " Miller 'B Consultation " sweep. The case was adjourned till Tuesday. The Minister for Justice declines to release the ex-bank manager, Holt. Dainty has been scratched for the Sydney Cup. Abercorn and Australian Peer will be the only starters for the St. Leger, AUCKLAND, Thursday. Terrific storms are raging at Wellington. Buildings have been levelled and many miles of railways wrecked. The Hull line is completely destroyed. The Opera House at Wellington has been totally destroyed by fire. ME. TUTHILL AND HIS OVENS CONSTI- TUENTS—Mr. Tuthill, M.L.A., having decided to address meetings of bis constituents in the most important centres of his electorate during the recess, set the ball rolling at Wodonga on Tuesday night, when he met about 150 electors in the Prince of Wales Hall. Mr. H. Harkin, president of the shire, occupied the chair, and in introducing Mr. Tuthill, complimented him upon the zeal and energy he had displayed in representing the district. A report of the whole proceedings is keld over. SALE OF WINB.—Mr. L. Solomon announces a sale of Murray Valley wine many years bottled for next Thursday, April 4th, at the Globe Hotel. | SroBTS AT EIGHT- MILE CBEEK.—A match has been^arrajnged to beiun on t£e Eight-mile course on Frfflay, 6th April, bi Weissel's cholxiut horse Gnristms Kelsey's chestnut mare laura, fo Also, bridles, &c;„ run formfter md in the evening.—[ADVT ] A Mr. R. H. Hadden is the author of " Reminiscences of William Rogers," the wellknown rector of St. Botolph's, Bishopagate. The total number of species of eucalyptus in Australia is over 130. Elimiuating some shrubby species, there remain over 100 species of timber trees belonging to this single genus. But while eucalypts (gum trees) are so common, the profoundest ignorance in regard to them exists amongst tbe majority of people. No less than 12 species of eucalyptus boast the name of " blue gum," 9 that of " red gum," 13 that of " white gum," 7 that of " ironbark," 8 that of " peppermint," 12 that of " striiigybark," 8 that of " box," 6 that of " mountain ash," and so on almost infinitely. THE CIRCUIT COURT.—The next sitting of the Circuit Court at Albury will take place on Monday, 16th April. THE PREMIER AT WAGGA.—The Premier will reach Wagga to-day, and will remain there till Monday night. CRICKET.—The return match between the Albury and Qoombargana Cricket Clubs will take place at Howlong on Easter Monday, play commencing at noon. MASONIC .—It is intended at an early date to establish a .Royal Arch Chapter at Albnry. Hitherto it has been necessary to attend at Beechworth in order to obtain admission to the Royal Arch degree. PROTECTION LEAGUE.—Steps are being taken to establish a Protectionist League in Albury, and as soon as the necessary preliminaries are arranged a public meeting will be held in the interests of the new organisation. To CORRESPONDENTS.—"Subscriber."—The mail train leaveB Albury at 2.45 p.m., the express at 11.40 p.m. The mail train arrives about 7 next morning, the express shortly after noon. The fare is £3 first class and £2 2s. second, for the single journey. " Legal."—Yes. PENNY POSTAGE.—The Government have now under consideration the question of ex>tending the penny postage system over the whole of the colony. It is not improbable that an early decision will be arrived at—not for the benefit jof any particular district, but for the advantage of the colony as a whole. CHABGE OP LUNACY.—A man named Henry Dowden was arrested last week at Walbundrie on suspicion of being a lunatic. He was brought before the Albury Bench on Saturday. Dr. Nickoll gave evidence showing that the accused was suffering from the effects of drink, and would probably recover in a few days. He was remanded for medical treatment. ALBURY SHEEP BOABD.—A meeting of the Albury board of sheep directors was held on Wednesday. Mr. Grieve occupied the chair. The other members present were Messrs. M'Kellar and Macvean. After the usual routine preliminaries, Mr. Douglas was elected chairman ior the ensuing year. There was no other business before the board, and the meeting closed. BOWNA RACES.—Intending nominators are reminded that nominations tor Maiden Plate, Belling Race, Hack Race, and Ladies' Bracelet, together with entrance fees, must be in the hands of the secretary not later than 10 p.m. on Saturday, 31st inst. Horses not scratched for Bowna and Flying Handicaps by that time will be considered starters, and liable for balance of entry. MINING AT TEE DABT RIVER.—Mr. A. H. Meurant, Mining Registrar at Dark River, has telegraphed to the Secretary tor Mines, stating a rich reef has been discovered at Saltpetre Creek. The reef has been opened up for lour miles along the line, the gold is coarse, and the reef varies from 1ft to 7ft wide. This is an important discovery in wjhat has for some time been regarded as the coming goldmining district of Victoria. STRANGE PROCEDURE.—A few days since a man was arrested on a charge of having been concerned in some fraud in connection with the purchase of certain sheep. The accused was brought before the Beechworth Bench, but the information having been laid in Albury it was anticipated that the caBe would be remanded to this town for Tuesday last Instead of that the defendant was remanded to appear at Wodongs some time in April. THE VINTAGE.—The vintage is now in full swing at all the vineyards in the district, with on the whole fairly satisfactory results. The Quality of the musts appears to be above the average, that of some of the varieties being so dense that it has to be diluted before the specific gravity can be determined with precision. A test of the Murray Valley musts by Bates's saccharometer resulted as follows :— Muscat 1146 6, Burgundy 1124-3, Roussillon 1118-1, Tokay 1121-8, Aucarot 1120 3, Verdeilho 1134*3. THE LATE FIGHT IN THE GARDENS.—On Tuesday a man named Robert Walker was charged at the police court with having behaved in a riotous manner. The defendant in this case was one of the principals in a fight which took place in the Botanic Gardens on Sunday, the 11th inst. He pleaded guilty, and was fined 40s. or one week's imprisonment Sergeant Brown stated that a summons had been issued against the other principal in the fight, but that he had left the colony, presumably to avoid service. CHARGE OF FORGERY.—On the 14th inst Gesrge Cattlin walked into the Bank oi New South Wales, Melbourne, and presented a cheque for £97, purporting to be signed by John Thomas, of Oaklands, Oakleigh. The cheque waB cashed, but it was subsequently ascertained to be a forgery, and Cattlin, who is a jeweller at Malvern, was arrested by Detectives Considine and Cawsey. His explanation was that he had been given the cheque to cash by another man. He was brought before the City Court on Saturday, and remanded until the 28}h inst RAILWAY CHANGES —Mr. Arthur Willis, etationmaster at Albury, has been transferred to Newcastle as traffic inspector, vice Neald, who has been appointed traffic manager on the Great Northern Railway. Mr. Willis has been stationed nearly five years in Albury, and during that time the traffic has heen steadily increasing. Sis work has also been of an arduous character, on account of the hours of the arrival and departure of the express trains being so early and so late as to break into the ordinary hours of rest. That the business has been wellconducted is evident from the fact of Mr. Willis have been selected to fill a more important position. CHARGE OP VAGRANCY.—At the police court on Saturday, John Lumby was charged with having no lawful visible means of support. Dr. Nickoll, Government medical officer, deposed to having examined the man, whom he found to be imbecile, and in poor physical condition for want of proper nourishment; he appeared to be perfectly harmless. Seniorsergent M'GufFe deposed that the defendant was wandering about the town subsisting on charity, and chat he had given himself up at the lockup in order to get food and shelter, stating that he had no means; he had also expressed a desire to get admitted to the hoa-. pital. The Bench remanded him to gaol for one month. SMALL DEBTS COURT—At this court on Tuesday the following business was dealt with : —Molloy v. J. Hayes, claim for 7s. 6d. This was an adjourned case from the February sittings. Verdict for amount claimed aDd 7s. costs. Francis v. Eeighran, claim for £2 5s. for a book sold by plaintiff to defendant. For the defence it was urged that the book was not delivered until six weeks after the time agreed upon. Verdict tor plaintiff. Bigley v. James Mitchell, claim for £2 10s. The sum of £1 10s. had been paid into court, and a contra account of 23\. was put in and admitted, leaving 18s. as the amount actually in dispute. The claim arose in respect of work done for defendant at the Albury races. Verdict for plaintiff for 2*. above the amount paid into court. A NEW ARRIVAL.—AmoDg other new settlers who have recently left South Australia to take up their abode permanently in this district, is Mr. W. L. Belling of Howlong. This gentleman was recently a resident of Wallaroo, where, on the occasion of his departure for New South Wales, he was tendered a complimentary banquet. The toast of " The Guest of the Evening " was proposed by Mr. Dubois, who spoke in very eulogistic terms of Mr. Belling as one who was highly respected by all who knew him. Other leading residents spoke to the same purpose, bearing testimony to his energy and ability as a public man in furthering all movements for the good of the district, and to his upright and honorable conduct as a private citizen. MINING AT GRANYA.—Our correspondent, under date ot Monday last, writes as follows : —" In my last I gave a return of an assay from stone obtained by the Government assisted prospectors, Messrs. Jenkins and Watson—the assay showing nearly 128oz. to the ton. They have now completed a trial crushing of tons, giving them a return of 62oz. 3dwta. smelted gold. This, though not up to assay, is still a very nice little Easter windfall The reef averages about 9in. in width, the depth iat present being 23 feet. The Granya tribute party have put the battery engines in good working order, and expect to commence crushing in a few days. About 150 tons of good payable stone is ready for treatment, and more is being raised every day. It is to be hoped the stampers may not be idle for some time to come.". THE TUMBUMBRA RAILWAY.—We take the following extract from a report published by the Wagga Wagga Advertiser of Mr. Sutherland's visit to Wagga :—" Witb regard to the Wagga to Tumbarnmba railway, the Mayor briefly referred to the aspirations of the districts concerned in that matter, and what had already been put before the Department thereanent Mr. Sutherland was afraid that would not be one of the first of such railways constructed, as there were others he thought that would give a more profitable return. Mr. Croaker pointed out that Parliament had actually voted the money for the line, and Mr. Copland urged that it had been under consideration for years as a desirable branch line to open up thecouatrv. Mr. Sutherland could only repeat what he had said. It was a matter to be tested, and would probably come under the consideration of the Board of Railway Management" THE MINISTER OF WORKS AT ALBURY.— The Hon. J. Sutherland, Minister of Works, arrived by special train on Monday evening at 6.50. He was met at the terminus by a deputation including Alderman Thompson, several members of the Progress Committee, and other residents of the town. The deputation, which was introduced by Mr. James Hayes, M.L.A, argued in favor of the early construction of the Upper Murray railway and the abolition of the differential freight charges on the Southern line. The Minister held out no hope of the railway in question being constructed, and with regard to the differential rates he said that the maintenance of this system was necessary in order to obtain any revenue from the railways at all. He added that a change was likely soon to take place, but whether it would benefit or injure Albury he could not say. The Minister, accompanied by Mr. Hayes, left by special train for Culcairn on Tuesday morning, and drove to Germanton., CORRECTION.—An error occurred in our report of the proceedings at the last meeting of the committee of the Pastoral and Agricultural Society. Mr. Morton was reported to have said that the priges for stock shonldJbe confined to stock bred in the district Oar reporter misunderstood the speaker, who informs us that what he contended for was that animals competing in the fat stock class should be fattened in the district In support of this argument Mr. Morton writes :— " This would p?t a stop to unprincipled men going to favoured localities and buying a few fat sheep and cattle, and peddling them about the country to take prizes. As soon as they get jaded they blow them up with wind for the purpose of deceiving. I say it is time this foul practice was put a stop to, and that each district should have credit for what it can do in the way of fattening stock. Let us try to purify our shows, and keep corruption outside their walls ; then we will do credit to ourselves and the trust placed in us." ALBURY POLICE COURT.—An elderly woman named Stanley, residing near the railway station, was charged on Tuesday with being of unsound mind. Sergeant Brown deposed to having gone to the house at request of defendant's sons ; defendant was very violent, and threatened to cut her sons' throats ; witness took her into custody for protection. Frederick Stanley, son of defendant, deposed that about 10* o'clock she got up ana began raving, and caught hold of the carving- knife and steel, and threatened to cnt the throats of her children. Dr. Nickoll deposed to having examined defendant, and to being of opinion that she was of ungovernable temper, but not in such a state as to warrant her confinement on a charge of lunacy. The Bench decided to dismiss the charge of lunacy. The defendant was then charged with using threatening language -to her son. She pleaded guilty to the charge, Jand was bound over to keep the peace for one month, herself in £25 and two sureties of £12 10a. each. DENILIQUIN JOCKEY CLUB.—Sir William J. Clarke, Bart., has (says the Pastoral Times) promised Mr. Virgoe, the chairman of the Deniliquin Jockey Club, a donation of £20 towards the funds of the club for the present year ; and Mr. Henry Creswick, another good supporter of ihe club, has promised £20 towards a prize for a District Plate. No race of that description is included in the programme for the present year, but Mr. Creswick states that he will leave the offer open until next year. In the meantime he proposes to visit England, and hopes that when he returns early, next year he will have the pleasure fn being present when the race is contested. Ha stipulates that the race shall be for horses bred by owners living within the Central Land Division of the colony, an area large enough to admit of a good number of entries, and a large number of studs being represented. Probably some other breeders will contribute towards such a race between this and the time when the programme for 1889 is made, and thus make a stake worthy of the race. DEATH.—On Tuesday last (says the Yamwonga Mercury) there died at the Mulwala station a lady who occupied, some ten years ago, a prominent position in the foreground of a most tragic picture of the colony's history. We refer to Mrs. H. H. Gibson, late of the Glenample station, under whose tender care one ot the two sole survivors of the ill-fated Loch Ard was nursed back to life and reason. The loss of this vessel on the wildest portion of our coast, and the noble efforts of the celebrated Tom Pearce, are still fresh in the memories of our readers, as will also be the exertions and hospitality of Mr. and Mrs. Gibson, whereby Miss Carmichael was rescued from the rocks to which she had been conveyed by her fellow-survivor, and nursed at the station for the three months prior to her removal to Melbourne. Mrs.' Gibson was the sister-in-law of Mr. A. Sloane, at whose residence she died, and had been in indifferent health for some time past The interment took place in the Mulwala cemetery.yesterday afternoon, the attendance at the funeral being confined solely to the members and immediate friends of the family. ANOTHER CHINESE CASE.—At the policc court on Saturday a Chinaman named Ah Chip was charged with evading the poll-tax. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for the defence. H. Ringwood, customs officer at the bridge, daposed that on the 2L*t inst a Chinaman crossed the river from Wodonga to Albury ; he produced a certificate of naturalisation, which was duly initialled by witness and returned to the Chinaman; on the following day the accused appeared at the bridge and presented the same naturalisation certificate, which witness identified by his having initialled it on the previous day. Mr. Wilkinson crosaexamined the witness with a view to show that he could pot be sure that the accused was not identical with the Chinaman who presented the certificate on the 21st inst. For the defence, Ah Coon, a tobacco-grower at Mungabareena, deposed that the accused had been working for him for some time six months ago, and that he was the same man who handed the certificate to Mr. Ringwood on 21st inst The Bench held that there" was sbme doubt as to the question of identity, and dismissed the charge. YOUNG LAND BOABD.—A curious complication arose at the meeting of the Young Land Board on Thursday last, with the appeal court, in reference to an application made by a man named Burgess, who, on the 2nd September, 1886, applied for a conditional lease of 212^ acres of land, by virtue of a conditional purchase of 80 acres. The land applied for was a void conditional purchase by Patrick King, and by the inspector's report it was shown to be improved to the extent of £14116s. The pastoral tenant, W. C. :Watson, lodged a caveat, claiming the improvements, and on the further ground that the land was improved sufficiently to bat Selection. The question was whether the improvements belonged to the Crown or thellessee. • The caveator was successful, and the application of BargeBS was refused. Through his 'solicitor. Mr. Russell, he appealed to the Minister, for Lands, and at the appeal court the board's decision was reversed, and the appeal was upheld, but the court omitted to confirm the application. The case came before the ,land board on Thursday, when the chairman, Mr. Moriarty, read a lengthy minute bearing oh the case, and stating as the opinion of:the board that they had no power under the Act to take from or add to the decision of the appeal court given in open court, and further expressed their opinion that the Minister himself had no power to reopen or revise his decision. In the meantime the selector, although in occupation and improving, is in doubt as to his. right to the land. PASTURES AND STOCK BOABD.—A meeting of the Albury board of directors under Jixe Pastures and Stock Protection Act was held on Wednesday. Mr. Grieve occupied the chair, the other members present being Messts. Giles, M'Kellar, Macvean, Kernan, find Morton. After the confirmation of minutes the chairman said the next business was the election of a chairman for the year. ,.Mr. M'Kellar moved the election of Mr, Kiddle. Mr. Kernan seconded the motion. Mr. Giles nominated Mr. Douglas. Mr. Morton seconded the amendment. r.0n a vote being taken, Mr. Kiddle was declared elected. Mr. G. Mackay was re-elected secretary. The bank book; was submitted, showing a credit balance, of £524 2s. The following correspondence wasthen dealt with:—Apologies were read for the nonattendance of Mr. Kiddle and Mr, Douglps, caused by urgent private business.—Received. From the Mines Department, asking the B6ard to consider the best means of preventing and combatting bush- fires.—It was decided to defer the consideration of this matter to. a future meeting convened for the purpose ; a copy of the present Act and the.Department's.suggestions to be forwarded to each member in the meantime. From the Mines Department, enclosing pamphlet with regard to the Hessian fly.—Received. The report of the inspector was then read, showing the number of noxious animals destroyed since the date of the' previous meeting. The report was received. Several accounts in connection with the fittangup and furnishing of the Board-room ' Were passed for payment. The meeting then closed. THE BLIND ASYLUM CONCERT.—The concert by the choir and prchestra of the Victorian Asylum and. School for the Blind took lace on Friday evening last at the Miecii£nica' Enstitute, which was well filled for the occasion. Mr. T. H. Mate occupied the chair, and in the course of a few introductory remarks referred to the highly valuable character of the . institution, , and its great plaims for the public support. An excellent programme was then gone through, every number (deserving and receiving the heartiest plaudits of the audienpe. Foremost among the vocalists was Miss Raufer, whose efforts both in Bolosand concerted music merit this highest commendation. Miss Aston alsomade a most favorable impression in two solos, and Miss Wilson's singing was of a very pleasing character, both in solos and in duets. -*The two .last-named played an instrumental duet, in which they displayed. excellent knowledge of time and fair brilliancy of execution. Mr. Gray's rendering of "The Village Blacksmith" was a very creditable performance; and'he also took part in a duet. At the close of the first part *>f 'the programme the Rev. Mr. Moss addressed a few remarks to the audience, explaining the objects of the institution and the system adopted to attain them, pointing out that one of the main ends kept constantly in view was to render the pupils, by means of handicrafts taught in the asylum, self-supporting and independent. He expressed his hearty thanks for the support always cheerfully accorded by the people of Albiiry, referring especially to the ladies who had taken charge of the female pupils, and the hotelkeepers who had provided accommodation for the males. He also read out a lengthy list of liberal BubscriptidnB received from the people generally. Mr. Moss, in conclusion, specially thanked Messrs. J. Wilkinson, J. L. M'Eachem, and G. S. Dulley. A sale of goods made in the asylum then took place, the proceeds of which, it is expected.' when added to the returns from the concert, will bring the total results of the Albury visit up to £70. A special religious service took place on Sunday evening in the Mechanics' Institute, the musical portions being rendered by the asylum choir, assisted by the choirs of the Presbyterian and Independent churches. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Mr. Riding, and portions of Scripture were read by the blind pupils from bibles printed in the Braille type. PUBLIC VACCINATOR.—Dr. Gillespie has been appointed public vaccinator at Oorryong. TENDER ACCEPTED.—The tender of Mr. E. Scanlan has been accepted, tor certain works at the public school. DR LANDVOIQHT We understand that Dr. Landvoight, late of Wodonga. has commenced practice at Prahran. TAILORING DEPARTMENT.—K. M'LENNAN and Co. beg to notify their gentlemen patrons of the arrival of A nenteason'a patterns of tweeds and coatingMrj^Km andgpinter. We are prepared to elPGtAn|||Plbr any style of clothing desired, incluHBfe Waterproof garments, and guarantee fit, finish, good wodemanship, and moderate charges,—[ADVT.] 