TAECUTTA NEWS. [FK0J1 A COItllKHI'ONDHST.] Sinois communicating with you from this locality lust timo upon tho news in general, I regrot very much having to say fchot xve have made no further advancement. It looks to mo n8 if the Upper Tarcutta district will keep the lead. At one time wo hud a police station at Lower Turcutt>, but, for some reason, this was removed to Upper Tarcutta, where a commodious now brick building was arreted nt n co-it of, I be/ion?, something over £2000 Very eooi\ followed the uew post otliue, built of weather-boards upon a brick foundation. A handsome little building. Then one of onr hotels was removed from Lower Tarcutta, it leaving but one, viz , the Squattora' Arms, the pro perty of Messrs. Donnelly Bros., a small store, a provisional school, and a few othet private places. Reports are gaining ground | that .we are to have a new school built by the 1 State very shortly, which is very much required. The present school is not fit for human use, it being one of the most delapi dated looking rookeries that tho Govern ment could liud. It was built gome 12 or H years ago by private enterprise, and has never undergone thorough repair since; any repairs that have been effected being at the teacher's expense. It is to he hoped that the reports are true about the new school. During the past week,, whilst visiting Wogga, 1 hod tlie pleasure of having a con* veraation with the legal manager and ot.o of the directors of the Grand Unite.! Gold* tniaiug Company, Tarcutta, Limited. During the conversation I learnt fchut there baa been recently a Supreme Court case in re ference to the above Company-the legal manager versus the directors, in which the former ba* obtained judgment for something close on £2000. If the Court upholds one case, why not uphold tlie others? Can it bo possible that we luvo geutletnen holdinu appointments io the country towns who understand the law better than our Supremo Court judges? or is that we have one law for Sydney alone and another for inland towns ? I have heard fcbafc the directors are about to apply for an order to wind up the Company, or partly wind it up. This is a very wise step, Ji the Company is built upon a souud foundation, each and every one of the registered shareholders are liable for expenses to date. Then, again, it baa been freely circulated that Mr. Hole never had any title to the land This assertion I am enabled now to contradict. It has also been asserted that the Company was not properly formed. This, it appears, will soon be settled. In the meantime, it seems to me that for any shortcomings those who assisted in foiming the Company at first should be held as much to blame as Mr. Hole, and should b' held responsible for any mis management there may be incurred. For Che past few month# this locality has been nothing but one mass of travelling sheep coming from the low country en route to the mountains. Some of them are in good order, whilst others are very poor, aud scarcely able to travel their distance per day. Amongst the sheep are to be seen some shorn by Uniou aud non-union shearers, and other* shorn hy tin* shearing machine. The machine shorn cheep took middling, but those shorn by the uou-umuoists are au utter disgrace to the trade. At Borawho) a shearing is progressing very .ateadily, and by what I can learn, ib. is a "go-as-you-please" lot they have on. This cannot bo wondered at when the workman finds that he is just as much master of the shed as what the sheepowner is himself. The burning down of Boramboliv woolshed is still a mystery. It is to be regretted that; the origiu of the (ire was no discovered. Certainly, the verdict of tbu jury at tho inquest of the fire has not met with the approval of anyone I have come in contact with.. We have, after a period of three month*, been blessed with a few hours' nice steady rain, which Iwb done an immense amount of good, though it was not enough to moisten the ground or revive the grass which is very dry and scarce as well. It is a long while since, we have seeu the month of December ' so scarce of grass. Therefore, there is little 'danger of bush-fires overpowering us this season as they have done during past seasons. There have been several bush- fires on Borambola already; two of them, no doubt, ' were made for the purpose by some evil minded scoundrels, but as they were taken in time by plenty of hands aud beaten out the fire did not do any harm worth speaking of. Had one of these fires got a little more timo there is no knowiug where it would have ended. In reference to our mines and mining industries I regret to say that the Rising Sun Gold-mining Company (known as the new company) appear to have gone 41 bung." The works have beeu stayed for some time aud all hand* knocked off, aud tho manager and his assistants ail returned to Sydney, leaving one man in charge of the crushing plant. Reports says they arc looking up other fields with the view of having the battery removed, but this 1 discredit. They ' will find the reefs of Tarcutta as good, if properly worked, as most of our gold bearing reefs, but like all other fields they must have capital. The Wagga company's claim is the ' only one at work, and, I believe, likely to ! remaiu at work. This claim is, without » dcubt. a first class property, aud many.eager looks have been thrown at tho reef by those who would like to bo interested in it. Since the present comp my became the owners they have worked it and opened it out so that every item in connection with it can bo seen .' but prior to this the so-called working was nothing more than pig rooting. The Mundarlo murder is another of our "hidden crimes." This little corner can hold its own with nny part of the co»ntrj\ as regards findiug dead bodies. Beheading the bodies commenced about Wagga, and now 1 such works crops upnt Mundarlo. This looks ...tome as if the executioner has removed his quarters to fresh fields and pastures new. During the time tho bush fires were raging on Yabtree Station, poor John Chinaman, : i the. tobacco planters, suffered again very heavily. Some of them got n great deal of bark and saplings burnt, which was for build ing sheds to save the tobacco leaf iu after cutting. With the burning of the two sheds full of this lot, and every prospect of a poor crop the. coming season, John has not got everything, as Joss predicts, for them in «. foreign lauds. Tho grain crops around Tarcutta this year look very scarco. 1 don't think from one end of tho creek to the other the yie'd will ? bo,, all told, 250 bushels, tf all other parts tiv^are like this, as regards grain, we are suro to h&vo; a taste of famine fever during this sum mer and the coming waiter. Tho exorbitant V price of flour in Wajjga is causing a groat '(i ,-,confab among people in the country. December 8. 188S. 