Mittiigong Gossip. FkOM OUIt COHUKSI'ONDKNT VoilTKX. The Eov. F. G. Williams drew forth much uominent at tho usual monthly mooting in connection with the School of Arts, by his proposal " That tho library, with tlio exception of tho Government books be open every night to road but not to take away." The majority appeared ko think such a proceeding would moan a spoedy diminution of our collection, and completely rob tho librarian of auy control in connection with his office. There is a good deal to be said both ways though. Tho rov. gentloman is quito right in his motive, viz, redoubling tlio attraction of tho institution, but at tho samo time timo I fear he is a little bit too optimistic ami methodical himself to take into consideration tho probable fato of tho library, if his motion had beou carried. It is a well-known fact that folks aro always more careful with their own property than anyono else's, and when tho said property is Governmental, its treatment is even more problematic than ever* At the same timo it is evident to regular attendants at tho institution that something is wanted to attract tho numbers of young men, who at the present time, appear to enjoy congregating at street corners, or public house verandahs above anything else. Whether froe access to works of fiction would constitute that something is a matter, of doubt though. At, present our School of Arts reading room, supplies nothing but the ordinary newspapers (and not a varied collection of these either), magazines,, roviews, &c.;, are conspicuous by their absence, as will bo scon ataglauce. Therefore the library draws; are not very powerful., I do not know how the Bowral School of Arts is managed in this particular, but, it certainly sooms to flourish very well. Tho leciuro in connection with this institution was deliverod on Tuesday evening before a very interested and appreciative, if somewhat scant auilienco. Mr. H. C; Roso treatodtli o subject " Annual Habitations" in a very interesting and ablo manner,. in fact the only fault wo had to find was, that the discoime was all too short— this is perhaps tlio greatest compliment any lecturer could receive.. The illustrations shown were exceedingly good, and materially helped to sustain the interest throughout. As Bowralites have doubtloss hoard Mr. Bose in their own School of Arts 011 the same thomo I aliall not take up valuablo space by reportirg all we heard 011 this occasion. Fashions and customs always carry a certain ch.irm with them, and they lose none of it even when they merely record those of a lower creation. Dr. Middloton, as president of the institution, took the chair, and found it comfortable enough during the even in;,',, for our Mittagong audiences, are rarely auy trouble. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was tendered to the locturer by Mr. H. Cliilds aud seconded by Mr. J. Beaumont. Through some oversight the usual vote in favour of tho chairman was omitted—an oversight it is hoped wil not occur again. These little ceremonies " flowers of politeness,'* to dress it poetically, do not cost anything but at the samo time they improve the general tone, polish off rough corners. The proceeds will probably amount to something over a couple of pounds. The judicious spending of the small sum ought to secure a few of the latest novelties for the library shelves. Perhaps the committee will not forget to secure the now famous " Robert Ellsmere" among their other purchases. Tho four members nf the philharmonic who kindly lent their s-e vie33 for the evening. contributed the ever popular "Chafers," and were honoured with a very lierty recall, which they responded to with smiling bows, to the evident disappointment of all present. I hear there are to bo some additions to Mittagong oourfc house, tenders have already been called. The proposed additions will comprise a couple of weatherboard rooms, intended for the magistrates room and acting clerk of petty sessions office. Both of these according to the description vide Government Gazette, are to be made of weather board, roofed with corrugated iron. Considering that the court house and police station is composed of brick cemented, this new addition will not add to the architectural beauty of the pile. In the columns of our looal paper a suggestion was made to the effect " That the townspeople petition the government to provide something in keeping with the present buildings and that would not have iuside the appearance of an hospital ward or prison cell." but personally I think the good folks had better let the matter alone, for its very certain the Government will consult its own convenience and expenditure, before the expressed wishes of a small community, particularly when the expressed wishes touoh on nothing more important than the architectural beauty of one of their own buildings. We have been living in an atmosphere of smoke and hope during the past week. The first caused by the bush-fires, which if further removed still send forth the unmistakable evidence of their proximity, and the latter by the uncertain state of the weather which is alternating between clouds and sunshine. A little rain on Wednesday night, just enough to lay the dust and freshen the foliage, and tbeu it stopped. On the afternoon of the same day a thunderstorm passed over leaving a few tautalizing drops by the way, it would be interesting to know by what distance we missed it. Tanks are getting very low again and the spring is in constant demand, but as yet I have not heard of anyone buying water. So far I think we are a bit better off than our neighbours, though it is almost too soon to talk until we are well out of the wood. Graziers who are able to travel their cattle are doing so. The late fires have rendered this last resource a necessity. The new organ for the Romau Catholic Church, procured through the proceeds of the last concert arrived here last week. It is now in the new building. The instrument is a remarkably line one and should contribute much towards tho success of the new choir. Fortunately the Romau Catholic body have a couple of vory effioient organists among their flock at present so its merits will be tried by capable porformers, 