TOCUMWAL. WEDNESDAY, December 28. (FBOU OUB OWN OOBBBSPONDENT.) After a week of showery weather, we have fine, warm days again. There was a very heavy shower on the morning of the 22nd, which resulted in 172 points falling in twenty minutes. The rain was very welcome, as it extinguished the bush-fires, which were within about eight miles of the town. Harvesting operations were at a standstill for a few days, but are now once more in full swing. The grass is growing again, and we shall still have green feed in placeB if the locusts will only keep away. The races held on Boxing Day passed off very Bnccessfully, and were largely attended. Gaffer Gray was the hero of the day, pulling off the two principal events—the Publicans' Purse and Xtnas Handicap. Seven started for the former, and nine for the latter. Fairy won the Hack Bace, and Garyowen the Hurry Scurry. The men's foot-race was won by Tucker, and the boys' race by George Hillson. Mr. Lane, of the Tocutnwal Hotel, gave a free ball and supper, which was well patronised, and every one seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. MONDAY, January 2. Since my last there has scarcely been anything doing with the stripping. One day it is rainy, and when we get a couple of fine days we are sure to have a fire, and the work is neglected to attend to the fires. One farmer left here some three weeks ago to bring home a new stripper which was lying at one of the railway stations to his order. On his way to the station he was drenched and the whole country was under water, but on bis returning four days after the whole country was ablaze, and to save his stripper he had to leave it in a selector's yard. The weather up to the present has been very unseasonable, but what crops have been taken off have turned out very well, and the grain is equal to anything I have ever seen. I have been told that one of the Berrigan farmers weighed a measured bushel, and it turned the scales at 671b. The wheat around Berrigan is exceptionally good this year. Another " big day " was experienced at the Murray Hut on Saturday. The attendance at the monthly sale was numerous, considering the busy season. The sale was carried on till the afternoon by Mes rs. Joseph Howard and Co., when there were a few well-contested races. Particulars of winners I have not yet received. A boy named John Hargraves got a nasty spill, the horse rolling over him. He was taken to the hotel unconscious, and remained so for fully an hour, when he came to and walked about for a few minutes, and then took another fainting fit, which lasted about 20 minutes. Since then he seems all right, excepting a bruise on the arm. Everything passed off well, and all went home wishing each other a happy new year. Br " PINGAL." 