THE GOLD DISCOVERIES IN WESTERN AUSTRALIA. PERTH. Wtdnesday. A telegram from York reports the discovery of alluvial gold in the Beverley district. The gold was found in a gully. Amongst other specimens is a small nogget weighing 15gr. The news at present to hand is very meagre, but further particulars ars expected shortly. Rumors of gold discoveries in various parts of the colony are continually being received, but they are not reliable. The reports respecting the Tilgarn-hills discoveries are denied by the parties most interested. The Russian aeronaut. CaBsloviche claims to have at last invented a ]ierfectly navigable balloon. In order ti p-c serve tbe secret of its onstruclion he is having the various parts of the balloon tuilt in different countries. SCHOOL APPOINTMENT.—Miss Eleanor Sibbald has been appointed assistant teacher at the Albury Public School. GLORIOUS.—Mr. J. Mitchell's well-known thoroughbred stallion Glorious took third prize at the N.S.W. Agricultural ehow. To CORRESPONDENTS —" E.O."—Your tank contains 588 yards. "J.A.L."—No license is needed to sell ordinary provisions. STOCK MOVEMENTS 1 —4600 merino wethers from Forbes to Yea, Victoria, D. and D. M'Leish ; 1000 mixed weaners from Kentucky to Coolamon, Wm. M'William. BREACH OP BOROUGH BY-LAWS—Marcus Dulburity, J.P., was summoned on Tuesday for driving after dajk without lights. Defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 5?. DISTRICT COURT BAILIFF.—Mr. Sims, who for some time past has held the office of bailiff at Albury, has been transferred to Goulburn. His place here will be filled by Mr. Wyld. ALBURY ANNUAL RACES —The full programme of the annual - races on 16tb and 17th March will be found in our business columns. Nominations for the principal handicaps close on 15th February. THEATRICAL.—Mr. C. H. Taylor's " Called Back " Company performed to tfood houses at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday evenings. The company is a strong one, and met with a very favorable reception. BAUD CONTEST.—The band of the Albury Reserve Corps, under Mr. Pogson, left for Sydney on Tuesday to take part in the band contest. Tbe band marched through the town playing, and presented a very creditable appearance in tbeir new uniform. THE CIVIC ELECTION.—It is understood that neither Mr. A. Frew nor Mr. W. E. Lamport will seek re-election. AmoDg the candidates mentioned as likely to be in tbe field are Messrs. G. A. Thompson, Thorold, Emerson, M. T. Kelly, Edmondson, and Joseph Matthews. TRESPASS.—On Tuesday last, at the police court, Henry Patterson and John Rixon, Charged with unlawfully entering the enclosed land of J. Hore at Cumberoiona,. pleaded guilty. It appears that defendants were shooting over plaintiff's ground without permission. A line of 10s. was imposed in each case, with costs. VICTORIAN BOARD OF VITICULTURE.—The undermentioned gentlemen.havebeen gazetted as a Board ; of Viticulture^ in Victoria :— Messrs. Michael Kavanagh, Mooroopna ; Alexander Caughey, Gooramadda; J. M. Hlghett, M.L.A.,; Francis Melior, Duuolly; Fred. Biisse, Barnawartha ; Emile Blampeid, Great Western. CORONER'S INQUEST.—An inquest was held on Tuesday by Mr. L. Solomon on the remains of an illegitimate infant at Moorwatha. The evidence of the Government medical officer went to support the evidence of the child's grandmother, to the effect that the infant bad been stillborn, and a verdict was returned accordingly. . )• MALICIOUS,INJURY TO PROPERTY.—A little boy earned Whittler was summoned ou Tuesday last for maliciously injuring the property ot — Diedrich. It appears that the boy had been running over the roof of plaintiff's house in search of birds' nests, and had broken the spouting. An order was made for payment ot 4s. damages, and 4s. 10d. costs. VICTORIAN GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS. .—Dr. Loughrey has been appointed health officer tor the shire of Rutherglen. Mr. James Train has been appointed inspector, under the Licensing Act 1885, for tbe licensing districts of Beechwortb, Bright, Indigo, Mitta, Myrtle Creek, Snowy Creek, Stanley, Towong, Wahgunyah, Wodonga, Woolshed. and Yackandandah, vice Sub-Inspector William Thomas, transferred. VAGRANT.—A man named O'Keefe was brought before the Bench «n Friday, charged with vagrancy. Evidence wa* given to show that the defendant was found lighting fires in various places on the common, at great risk of causing a bush-fire. The prisoner had on a previous occasion been arrested at the instance of some landowners, who feared their property would be set on fire through his vagaries. He appeared to be of unsound mind, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. LARCENY AS A BAILEE.—At the police court on Saturday, a young man named James Duffy, alias Bicharde, wa; charged with larceny as a bailee of a horse, saddle, and bridle, tbe property of Thomas Fife, Wagga Wagga. The arresting constable stated that the accused, on being apprehended, admitted his identity with tbe person for whose arrest the warrant bad been issued. The prisoner was remanded until Monday. On Monday the prisoner was again brought before tbe Bench, and remanded to Wagga Wagga. ACCIDENT AT WODONGA.—An unfortunate tnifhap was experienced last Thursday by Mr. A. Walker, representative for Messrs. M'Culloch and Co. He was running in the locality of the firm's office, although not at a fast pace, when all at once he felt something " give" in his knee, and he fell to the ground. Mr. W. Black, who happened to be with Mr. Walker at the time, assisted him to his feet, and he was surprised to find that his companion's knee-cap had been badly split. Dr. Woods was summoned, but it will be a few months t<efore Mr. Walker can resume his duties. REVOLUTION IN DRAPERY.—Our sale is still proceeding, and with most satisfactory results. JJ. J1<LENNAN and Co. are determined to clear the balance of their summer stock, and will offer greater inducements than anything previously attempted. Ladies' Corsets we are clearing at la. lOd. per pair; Ladies' Long Lisle Gloves at 3d. per pair; Danish Kid Gloves, four- buttoni at Is. 6d. per pair; 2000 fashionable Straw Hal ~ . each ; 150 Ladies' fashionable Jersey at 1 Id.; Boys' Tweed Suits at 3i show that asement on page 33 will bargains in all departments —[ FORFEITED SELECTIONS.—It will be remembered that towards the close of 1886, the Sapreme Qourt. action, of Tearle v. Edols aroused a g iod deal of public interest. The piint to be d termined by the court was that tiucbing the legality of selecting forfeited conditional purchases within tbe leasehold area of a:rua.v The decision given was that such forfeited conditional purchases could not be re-selected. The Minister for Lands appealed against this decision, and the Privy Council has upheld the appeal. The result of this judgment is that forfeited selections in the leasehold area can be re-selected. INTERCOLONIAL STOCK TRAFFIC.—The following notification appears in the 4ast issue of the Government Gazette :—"No Inspector of Stock shall authorise the introduction into Victoria of any cattle in railway trucks unites they shall be accompanied by a certificate given by an Inspector of Stock of the colony from which it is proposed to introduce such cattle, that he has inspected the eaidcattle, and pronounces thenrto tbe best of his belief free from tbe various diseases of cattle set out iu the Second schedule to the regulations of the 19th March, 1880, under ' The Diseases of Stock Act 1872' of Victoria." CENTENARY SERVICES AT ST. MATTHEW'S.— We are requested to remind the members of the congregation of St. Matthew's that special thanksgiving services (choral) in connection with the centenary will be held on Sunday next, morning and evening, when Dr. Cleaver Woods will,, preside at the organ, and Mr. Davis SimB act as cboiimaster. Tbe order ol the service will be as follows :—Morning— "TeDeum," " Jubilate," and " Kyrie Elieson*.' (B.ridgewater in A)*; anthem, " OT?raise the Lord, > all ye nations" (EL A. Smith). Evening—I'.Oantate" and "Deus" (Bridgewater in A); anthem, "O Lord, oar Governor" (Hopkins). AN AL-FRESOO ENTERTAINMENT.—ON the evening of the il4th snst. Mr. A. Vaught, an itinerant vender of,,Yankee " notions," gave an open- air-entertainment oa the Market-Reserve in' Dean^reet. Vpught is a;.yej£ amusing person, falliof humor, add always : ready with a good«tory. j He is ac4ompanied;by a young man whb :plays splendidly on thebarijo and also contributes comicsongs. 'Afterthe entertainment. Mrl Vanght.; jand bis assistant offer for sale the Florentine, toothrpowder at Is. a box, but with which he gives away a prairie whistler, a stick-of cement,- and the secret concerning, a coin trick. There were a large number 'of people preterit, and the enterprising showman did a brisk business during the evening. COMMERCIAL BANK.—We have received a copy of the 79th report of the Commercial Banking Company ot Sydney. The directors announce that after deducting rebate on current bills, reducing premises account, paying note tax, making ample provision for bad'; and doubtful debts, and granting to tbe officers a bonus on their salaries, the profits for the halfyear amount to £84,364 5s. 61. This,, added to tbe undivided balance from last half-year, £10,993 19*. 41., makes a total profit of £95,358 4*. 10d., which the directors appropriate thus :—To payment of a dividend for the half-year at the rate of 25 per cent, per annum, £75,000; to reserve for equalisation of dividendLs, £10,000: undivided balance. £10,358 4s. lOd. ' AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION.—Oar Wodonga correspondent writes :—' 11 1 understand that it is in contemplation to form a branch of the Australian Natives' Association at Wodonga at an early date. A preliminary meeting was held a few evenings back, at which the project was warmly taken up. A canvass will be made in a day or two to ascertain the feeling of the native-born population in Wodonga and environs, and doubtless in a few weeks the executive officers of the board of directors will visit the town and open a branch. The association has numerous branches throughout Victoria, although in thin portion of the colony the organisation has not extended itself. Its aims and objects are similar to those of the friendly societies, and it is non political and non-sectarian in character." LICENSING COURT.—At the licensing court on Tuesday, Mr. J. Wilkinson appeared in support of an application from Mr.. H. Roller for a conditional license for a hotel to be erected at Doodle Oooma. Mr. Nagle opposed tbe : application. The licensing inspector objected to the license, on the ground chat the house was not required. Mr. Wilkinson con tended that tbe house was needed for the nse of the travelling public. Mr. Nagle's objection included the (act that a license for the same place had been refused to previous appli- cants, whose applications had been opposed by the holder of the adjacent station, as was also the present application. Mr. Wilkinson put in a memorial from local residents in favor of the application. The application was granted, A renewal of license was granted to G. Fuller i for the Mill Hotel, Howlong. I ALBURY MECHANICS* INSTITUTE.—The anjnual meeting of the subscribers to the Mechanics' Institute took place on the evening of ; the 19th inst. The report and lialance-sheet show the finances of the institution to be in a very sound position, all e'ebta having been cleared off and a handsome amount standing at the bank to the credit of the incoming committee. Dr. Andrews having retired from the office of president, Mr. Abercrombie was elected in £is stead, with Mr. Rhynehar as vice-president. The secretary and treasurer were re-elected without opposition, and ballot for the election of five committeemen resulted in the return of Messrs. J. Wilkinson, W. Frew, C. Schmiedt, and G. C. Thorold. Messrs. Jackson and G. A. Thompson received an equal number of votes, and on lots being drawn to decide the tie, Mr. Thompson was successful. DEATH OF MR. A. M'LAURitf.-We take the following from the Pastoral TtDies^ he many friends of the Messrs. M'liaurin, of Morocco, will regret to hear of the death ol Mr. Archie M'Laurin, which took place on Thursday evening last at the Australian Club Hotel. Tbe deceased gentleman has been suffering for a considerable time from a complication of disorders, and recently was attended to by Dr. Noyes at the statioD, but in tbe early part of the week he became worse, and it wa9 deemed necessary to remove him to Deniliquin'.' Notwithstanding all that medical skill could do, Mr. M'Laurin gradually sank, and died on Thursday evening as stated. The cause of death was acute gastritis. The deceased gentleman was 31 yeara of age, and was the son of the late Mr. Alex. M'Laurin, ot Morocco, and nephew of Mr. Jas. M'Liurin, of Yarra Yarra station, on the Upper Murray. He was born on Cornalla station, and is one ol a very large family of natives of the colony, most of whom, indeed, are natives of this district." A RAILWAY MUDDLE.—Considerable inconvenience has been caused to a number o! excursionists travelling from Adelaide to Sydney by a misunderstanding among the several Railway Departments concerned. It appears that excursion tickets to Sydney are issued in Adelaide uuder an advertisement announcing that they will be available by all trains for the through journey. On the faith of this assurance several persons reached Albury on Tuesday night, 19th, with the expectation of continuing their journey through to Sydney. The N.S.W. Department, however, doeB not allow passengers to travel bv express trains on these tickets, and the holders therefore bad perforce to remain here until Tuesday after noou., One of the number called at this office, and stated that the losa of time so incurred highly inconvenient to him. He also added that he had been positively assured that his ticket was available for all trains when he took it, and in order to satisfy us on the point he telegraphed to the head of the Railway Department iu Adelaide on the subject, receiving soon after a reply that the ticket was available. On the following day the restriction was removed, a fact which amounts to a tacit admission ou the part of the N.S.W. Department that it had made a mistake. It is a pily that any misunderstanding should have arisen on such an occasion. PASTURES AND STOCK BOARD.—A meeting of this board was held on Wednesday. Mr. Macvean occupied the chair. The other members present were Messrs. M'Kellar and Ker nan. After the confirmation of minutes the balance-sheet for 1887 was submitted, showing total receipts as follows :—Subsidy, £117 183. 10J.; minor items, £27 Is. 63.; rates, £643 Hi. 5d.; balance in bank at beginning of year, £299. The expenditure was:—Bonuses for scalps, £287 LOI.; working expenses, £288 2s. 8d.; leaving a balance in the bank of £512 2i. Id. The report of the inspector was read, showing the sum of £17 12J. 7d. received for arrears of rates since date of previous meeting, and also showing the various amounts paid for the destruction of noxious animals, &c.; The report was received. A letter was read from Mr. Kiddle regretting his inability to attend the meeting, and suggesting that "the board should pass a resolution strongly urging the necessity of fencing the railway line with rabbit-proof fencing. Some discussion ensued, and a letter was read from the Tam worth Board asking co- operation in an effort to have a rabbit-proof fence erected from Trangie to Albury. It was ultimately decided to ask the Government to complete the rabbit-proof fence from Al l ury to Nyngan. It was resolved to lay on water to the office, and to cover the fl >or with linoleum. The report of the inspector was read, showing the number of noxious animals destroyed in the district. LIBERAL DONATIONS.—At the last meeting of the Deniliquin Pastoral and Agricultural Society some interesting remarks were made by the president (Mr. Thomis Brown) on the advisability of introducing the system ol judging by points at subsequent shows, and on the sulj ct of establishing classes foe fine and strong combing wook It is liktly that the first matter will lie discussed at the earlies 1 meeting of the society. It was introduced by Mr. Stoddart, of Bandyulumblah, too late last season to be acted upon, tnd it is likely he will go ahead with it on the first opportunity, do far^ no one taken up the fine and strong comb- ing wools question here; but as the experience of year after year indicates the advisability of establishing the principle, it is likely that no lime will be lost in bringine it under the notice of the management. The following donations have been promised for special prizes at the next show of the Deniliquin Pastoral and Agricultural Society— Blackwoo d « JK2 10a.; J. S. Horelall, £52103.; Auetralasian Lind, Mortgage, and Finance Company, £3110a.; G. HutcUnson, £26 5a.; K. Uoldsbrough and Co., £25 4s. • F L. Parker, £21; D. M'Caughey, £21;'S M'Caughey, £21 ; Austin and Millear,' £31; Dalgety and Co., £15 15?.; J.. Sanderson and Co., Lord Carrington, the Hon. J. F. Burns, James. Innes, D. and M. Railway C^njpany, J. S. Brown and Co., £10 10s. each' • Union Mortgage and Agency Company, £21; J. M'Lean, R. A. Chesney, and Thomas Brown, £10 10s. each ; New Zealand Land, Mortgagp, and Agency Company, £5 y 5s.; A.JJ. R^e and Co., £6 6s.; J. J. Armstrong, JB15 153. ; and Blackwood, M'Meekan, JEIO 10s.; total, £472. Ii is expected that , special donation^ to . the amount of £130 will yet come in from' donors of jiast years, so that the total will be about £610. Last year the total was £554, and the year previously £498, from special dpnationB. AUSTRALIAN WIDOWS' FUND.—The directors of the Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society having decided to establish a local board of directors in Albury, a meeting was held at the Albury Hotel on Friday afternoon to explain the object of the movement and make the necessary arrangements. Messrs. Coats and Nickless, repwsintative?. of the society, attended, as also did several influential residents ot tbe town, who bad consented to serve on J,he local directory. MT. J. Walker Jones;Occupied, the P^air. The representatives of the society stated that after the establishment of the local board, all agents and canvassers iu the district would carry on .business under tbe supervision. of the local directors. The latter would give cards of introduction to tbe agents or canvassers, and no new proposal would be entertained except it came through that channel. It had been found in the past that misrepresentations bad been frequently made in order to effect assurance,, and it was felt that the best guarantee against anything of the kind forthe future would be found in tbe system of local directories,under which no unsuitable persons were likely to be recommended for assurance. Mr. V. F. Nagle spoke in terms of approval ol the step proposed. He believed the society to be a good one, and he would like to see colonial companies prospering. Some American offices were doing a large business, but. their headquarters were long way off, and the affairs therefore were not immediately under the supervision of colonial policy-holders.. He thought these companies Bhould be compelled to invest in the colony q, ,sufficient amount to meet local claims. With'regard to the local business of the proposed branch of the Australian Widows' Fund, he considered it would be better that all policies should be referred to the local board. Mr. Coats said there was precisely the object of the board. No business would be done without the approval of the local directors. The agents would be entirely under the control and guidance of the local board. Mr. Nagle asked if the adjustment of claims would come before the board. Mr. Coats said it should. The society desired to meet all claims on immediate proof of death. All proposals would, of course, be subject to the report of the society's medical examiner, and the society had appointed Dr. Kennedy to that office. The statements made by the representatives of the society were considered satisfactory^ and tbe board of directors was appointed as follows :—Mr. J. W. Jones (chairman),- Dr. Kennedy (vice-chairman), Mr. Nagle (secretary), and Messrs. T. H. Griffith, ,G. Adams, E. Cbenery, A, Andrews, and W. Davidson. It is understood that each member pf the board will effect on his own life or the life of another, assurance to the extent of £1000. TENDERS FOR FORAGE.—Tenders are invited in the Victorian Government Gazette for the supply of forage at the police camps, Tackaudandah and Tallangatta, for the period of one year from 1st March. PUBLICATION RECEIVED —We have received copy of the Wagga Express Riverine Directory^vrhich. contains a comprehensive list of all the Government officers, professional men, and tradesmen in the various towns throughont the district; aid a carefully prepared mtp. This work, as the title denotes, is issued from the office of the Wagga Wagga Express. "THE PICTURESQUE ATLAS."—We have received the most recently-published numbers of this very valuables work, which are fully np to the high standard reached by previous issues. With No. 17 is completed the highly interesting description of Victoria, which is brought to a close by a well-written account of the Strathbogie country, once the scene of the exploits of the notorious Kelly gang. The wild featnreB of the locality are graphically described, and a condensed history is given incidentally of the doings of the bushrangers who so long hild the district in terror; the interest of the narrative being heightened by some beautifully-executed engravings of the haunts of the robbers. A sketch of miniag in the early days in the North-Eastern district, with soma particulars of the progress of reefing matters, in the neighborhood of Sile, is a valuable addition to Australian history ; and the claim of the Long Tunnel Goldmining Company forms the subject of one of the best engravings in the number. In the following parts we -have a description of Queensland, and here are introduced a number of illustrations of exceptional merit, including authentic portraits of a number of men whose names are inseparably and worthily connected with the rise and progress of these southern lands. • Among the portraits are those of Landsborough, Petrie, Russell, Dr. Lang, Jardine, Leichbardt, Cunningham, Kennedy, Sir T. Mitchell, Dalyrmple, Leslie, Gregory, &c..; Perhaps the most attractive portion of the cur ent issue is that devoted to the history of exploration in tne northern portions of the continent, and to the old-time records of the treatment ot convicts. There is much in this nirrative over which Australians might be well content todraw a veil, but there is no room to doubt tbe accuracy of the record, no question as to its possession of the most enthralling interest. 