DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES. SUPPOSED LOSS OF LIFE. We regret having to record one of the most disastrous bush-fires that has ever taken place in this part of the colony. The fire started at the Tbornhill Park estate, the property of Mr. Riddell, on Saturday last, and owing to the extreme dryness of the grass and the intense heat of the weather, it soon began to make headway. A large number of men from the station and from adjacent holdings were soon on the spot, and alter mnch hard work the fire was subdued—as it was believed, completely. A few hours later, however, it again broke out with redoubled fierceness,and in spite of all that could be done it speedily got beyond control, making rapidly in the direction of Wallendool, and soon reaching to within a short distance of the town of Walbundrie. The fire in its course traversed the holdings of Mr. W. Habermann, Mr. P. Maher, Messrs. Kotzer Bros., and Mr. £. Maguire, all of which snffered more or less severely in the destruction of-grass and stock, fencing and crops. Mjr.,Magaire's loss, it is feared, was even more terrible^ ~a's during the excitement which ensued his wife disappeared, and it is feared that she. lost her Way in the smoke and Was' burned to death. By the time the fire reached Wallendool a change had taken place in the wind, and the flames went .back in a line some distance from, but nearly parallel with, its original direction, taking in large portion of the Thornbill Park estate in a ring of fire, and making a clean sweep of grass, fencing, and stock. At this stage it became; evident that any attempt to check the progress of the fire generally, must be hopeless, and efforts were accordingly concentrated on the saving of the homestead and woolshed, which happily was effected. The. fire meanwhile kept on its way liirou^ Walbundrie station to the holding oi Mr. Funk, within a few miles of Burruiubuttock, but in this direction its progress was fortunately checked by the road marking the boundary of Mr.: Gibson's station. On Sunday the firii spread in the direction of Mr. Douglas's Walla Walla station, and burned bp a good deal of grass on that property. ,Tbe rapidity with which it spread is stated to have been particularly noticeable, au advance oi over five mileB having lieen observed within the limit of an hour. Up to the time of our going to press it was impossible to obtain anything like an accurate estimate of the -aggregate amount of the damage done, but it must bave'been enormous. Many of the selectors have sustained terriblv severe losBes. Mr. Maguire lost everything except the homestead. Mr. Habermaun lost hie crop of wheat aud grass. Mr. Maher lost his livestock and crop, as well as grass and fencing Messrs. Jlotzsr Bros, are also heavy losers, and a number of others are in the same plight. The Thornhijl Park property is completely laid waste, and Mr. Riddell's loss in cattle and sheep is believed to be very Jieavy. A Wagga journal of Tuesday s lys " Since our last issue bush-fires have broken out between Junee arid Harefieli ; at Woodlands |(Mr. G. Bard well's run, CroBs Roads), Arsjoel (Mr. Laitch's), and Bullenbong (Mr.* A. Davidson's). Yesterday the town was enveloped in smoke, being surrounded by an inpenetrable haze from the same cause, and although the thermometer ranged belween 80ieg. and 86 leg., the atmosphere was very oppressive. On Sunday the thermometer reached lOCJetr., while at night it was a liitle over 70deg. Yesterday morning a few drops of rain fell, and from the appearance of the sky it was hoped that a heavy downpour would take place, bat as the shower passed over the heat increased. - The fire which raged between Junee and Harefield burned a quantity of grass on Mr. Hammond's run, also a large aiea of selected land. Portion of the Eunonyhareenya run adjoining was also visited by the flames. Mr. Bard well's run was reported to have lost about 10 miles of fencing and 6000 acres ol grass. Bullenbong lost a large quantity of fencing and grass.' Yesterday the direction of the thick Bmoke denoted bush-fires somewhere iu the direction of The Rock, and^it is stated that an outbreak has also occurred at Gregadoo. It is feared that nothing short of a heavy shower will put out the burning grasB. A fire 16 miles in width is reported to be travelling from 'Walla Walla, 40 miles from Wagga, towards the railway line. Outbreaks have also occurred at Mittagong and Mundawaddera." By Tuesday the fire had made further progress, taking in Walla Walla, Doodle Cooma, and other station properties, and burning wiih unparalleled fierceness. After hiving devastated the pastures in Ibe neighborhood of Wallandool, the fire spread with unabated rapidity in the country towards Wagga. Te! egrams received by the police state that the fire had almost reached Walbundrie township, and was still burning, without any possibility of its progress being checked. The fire was checked in its extension towards Albury at Burrumbuttock, by the change of wind. The selector Haberman lost 500 bags of wheat, 50 bags of oats, harness aud stabling, a waggon loaded with wheat being entirely burned. Messrs. Odewubr, Linder, and Wiesner, other German farmer*, have also nuslained severe losses. The woulsheds of Mr. John Iliddell and Messrs. Kiddie and Balrne were destroyed by the fire, Messrs. Kiddle aud Balme also having 12,000 acres of grass destroyed. On Wednesday a terrible report reached town, pointing to the probability of a further sacrifice of human life, [t was stated that the buggy and horses of Mr. J. Riddell, oi Thornhill Park, had been fouud in the bush destroyed by fire, and tbat Mr. Riddell was missing. This report has, we are glad to learn, siuce been contradicted. The following is from a Doodle Cooma correspondent, under date 18th January The fire is uow on the western part oi Doodle Cooma run. Messrs. Keighran Bros., their employes, and a number other men. endeavour to keep the fire within bounds, but as a strong north-westerly breeze has eet in I am afraid it will break through tbe line and sweep all over Doodle Cooma, Edghill, and Grubben. If this should happen, I think some of the runs on the eastern side of the railway line are in danger." Our Urana correspondent, writing on Monday says :—" Bush-fires have been pretty numerous in.thiB district of late, the sky having been lit up nightly with their reflections in all directions. The principal has been that which broke out the other side of Brookong on Tuesday last, in the direction of Bullenbong, and which was at length and with difficulty extinguished when within 200 yards of the Bullenbong Hotel on Friday, having in its course swept the selections of Messrs. Ditchfield, Bramhail, Thompson, &c.;, and altogether, as I am told, about 60,000 acres of grass, besides burning two horses. Another one broke out upon Mr. Rand's station at Mahonga on Saturday, and is still raging. I have not yet heard what damage has been done." Our Burrumbuttock correspondent writes on Monday :—"The terrible fire which broke out some 12 or 15 miles north of the Billabbog has extended itself as far as Burrumbuttock. The movement of it had been watched by all the people about. Some had gone to tbe hills on Sunday evening to be sure and see it in time, if it should make in this direction. As 600n as the real blaze irom the fire coming south was observed, tho men left their observatory to give the alarm. It came at about 11 in the night, as fast as a horse can =;4llop. A great tract of country between here *ud Bi'labong, &i.; (mostly owned by Messrs. Kiddle and Balme) is totally lurnt out. All the outhouses on the old Pioey Range station are burnt down, aud the woolshed of Mr. T. Maguire, also every blade of crass for his s-ock. It luckily passed Mr. W. Wieaner's tarm, only burning a few posts and a little grass ; but consumed some 300 or 400 acres of grass and a nuinlwr of fences on Mr. J. A. Liiidner's land. A large heap of stripped wheat took fire, but plenty of hands being available, by the use of water eventually most cf it was saved. Mr. W. ffabcrtnann was the riiost unfortunate of all. First the fire appeared to be passing his place, but through a change ol wind it suddenly turned to hia luildings, burning his barn (containing some 500 bags of wheat), wugKon-shed and waggon (with a load of wheat on), a number of casks of old wine, tools of all deeciptions usually kept on a farm, two haystacks, yards, straw-stack, stable, with all the harness and nearly 100 bags of oats. Nothing was insured. After it had burnt fully 1000 acres of grass and several miles of feuciug, and damaging the garden to a great extent, the fire was got under control on this land. But great vexation prevailed among all the men who had worked hard indeed all day and night, through the highly imprudent action of a certain gentleman in ordering two men (only two !), after the tire had been well stopped, to go and feet it alight again,«to make it more safe.' It took about 20 men, working for death and life, to stop the same again, and had it not Deen for Mr. J. T. Gibson, who at once had hjs waggon aud tauk of water, with a good hose to ir, at hand, it would very likely not have been checked any more un il Mr. Gibson's run and all the farmers had been burnt out. Up till to-day every one has been (and will t e) engaged inputting water on the burning logs. The horizon is covered with a .Sense Pinokc." On Monday Mr. HarpeiV crop of wheat near Mooror.pua, about 20 acres, was discovered to be ou fire. A number ol farmers m the vicinity mustered in force and extinguished the fire, but uot before the whole of crop, which was one of the heaviest in the district, wa6 destroyed. 