TILE BISHOP OF GOULBURN'S TOUR OF VISITATION IN MANARO. (Continued.) V. Parish of Bombala on Friday the 25th October the Bishop continued his journey from Rocky Hall to Cathcart, under the gmdance of theo evr. Canon Uotts, who drove him and Mrs. Thomas up the very steep ascont of Bigjack to Cathcarrt, which was reached by noon. After lunch at Mr. Baker's they visited the public school; and then the Bishop pro ceeded to the Church of England cemetery, which was consecrated at 2 p.m. The party then proceeded to Bombala, where at 5 p.m. there was a short service of thanksgiving in the church; and thence to the vicarage by 6 p.m. A few miles before they reached the town they were met by 'the police magistrate, Messrs. Edwards, Poultun, and others. On Saturday the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas, with Canon and Mrs. Bette, drove to Bukalong, where the Bishop preached at 2 p.m. The Messrs Gamock received them kindly. At 4 p.m. there was service at Gunningrah, where three were confirmed; and the episcopal party were the guests of their hospit. able friends Mr. and Mrs. J. Cruikeshank for the night. On Sunday the 28th Mr. Cruikshank drove the Bishop to Bilbbenluke, whore he preached to a full room at 11.30.m. Mr. and Mrs. Edwards entertained them hospitably at dinner. The Bishop and party were then driven by Mr. Edwards to Bombala church, where at 3.30 p.m. the Bishop preached to a very crowded congregation and confirmed fifty.sir persons. He again preached in the evening to a largo congregation. On Monday the Bishop and party drove to Mr. It. Campbell's at Cambalong, where they dined. On returning to Bombala schoolroom the Bishop and Canon Bette addreesd a representative meeting of church workers on various topics connected with the interests of the church-such as the sun. day-.school, temperance, the church choir, the ladice' parochial assooiation, the church society, and the finance committee. In the evening at 8 p.m. there was a large meeting with recitations and music of a high order. On Tuesday the episcopal party drove to Glenvieo (Mrs. Nicholson's), and thence to Craig, where a great crowd assembled in the church at 3 p.m. and twenty-five were confirmed. In the evening the Bishop conducted a short service at Glenview, where they were always warmly welcomed. On Wednesday the party drove from Glenview (where they took leave of Mrs. Nichcolson and family) to Delegate. The Bishop visited Mine Campbell's station and the woolehed, and then returned to the church, where he preached to a full congregation and confirmed three persons. Mr. Newton, who had driven the Bishop to Craigie and Delegate, brought him back to Glenview gate. Canon Butto thence drove the party to Aston and Cambalong (where at 4 p.m. the Bishop confirmed two young ladies) and to the vicarage, which was reached about 8 p.m, The Rev.CanonBetts has the parochial arrangements in perfect order. VI. Parish of CooMA.--On Thursday an early start was made from the vicarage. Mr. Edwards of Bibbenluke most kindly drove the Bishop and Mrs. Thoman thirty.one miles to Nimitybelle. At 3 p.m. the English church was well filled, and the Bishop preached and confirmed eighteen persons presented by the Rev. A. R Shaw in the unavoidable absenco of Archdeacon Druitt. A brief meeting followed, and the Church of England burial ground was con secrated. Mr. Jardine thence drove the Bishop to his residence at Curry Flat. On Friday tle journey was continued to Mesars. Alcock and Clarkes', and thence to Maffra, where a short service wea conducted, Mr. Shaw reading prayer and the Bishop preaching. A heavy storm of thunder and threatening rain prevented many from attending. The evening was spent in the hospitable mansion of Mr. John Ryrie. VII. Gededzerick.-On Saturday the episcopal party drove to Bobundarah (Mr. Wilbraham Edwards'), whore they wore met by the Rev. F. Bevan B.A. After a very brief stay they proceeded to the rectory at Gegodzerick, being escorted for several miles by many parishioners from Berridale. On Sunday the 4th November a very large congre. gation assembled at St. Mary's, Gegedzerick, fully one-half being unable to gain admission into the church. The Bishop preached and confirmed thirty. five presented by the Rev. F. Bevan. In the afternoon another large congregation met in the church ground. After the prayers the Bishop, on the urgent request of the churchwardens and others, consented to leave the building and preached in the open air to the crowd from a bench under the shado of trees. The scene was one not easily to be forgotten, as the church could not have accommodated half the congregation. At a subsequent meeting the question of building another church was discussed, On Monday the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas, with Mr. and Mrs. Bevan, drove to Buckley's Crossing, where they passed the Snowy River in the punt, the handsome new bridge which is being erected under the superintendence of the government engineer, Mr. do Burgh, not being quite completed. After a further journey of six miles they reached Boloco churchb and found a very great crowd assembled, The Bishop preached and confirmed twenty- three. As at Gegedzorick, horses and carriages were very numerous, and most of the people had travelled considerable distances. The Bishop and party then proceeded to Murrinumbla and were most kindly received by Mr. Garratt, who is in charge of the station, and Mr. A. Blomfleld. On Tuesday the episcopal party returned to the Gegedzorick rectory, calling by the way on Mr. and Mrs. do Burgh at Buckley's and on Mr. Reid, church. warden of Gegedzoriek, who was anxious to have erected a memorial of the late Mr. Stanton. On Wednesday they travelled to Mr. Ellerman's station, and to Mr. F. Mould's, where a halt was made for lunch ; and thence to Adaminaby, and Mr. T. Locker's at thile Happy Valley. The day's journey was thirty-four miles. On Thursday after celebrating the baptism of Mr. Brayshaw's child, they left Mr. Looker's for Adamo. inaby. Here again the church was crowded, many standing, and some unable to gain admission. On the presentation of the Rev. F. Bevan, thirty-seven were confirmed. Immediately after the service the whole congregation adjourned to the now hall in the town, where a sumptuous lunch was provided by the ladies of the congregation; and by three or four re lays all wore entertained. Spooches wore delivered by Mr. Mackay, the Bishop, Mr. Bevan, tuo. The prooeede were to be devoted to a fund for foncing tie church ground. The episoopal party with Mr. and Mrn.Bovan travelled to \VWambrook station, where they worn warmly welcomed by Mr. IIassall and family at 7 p.m. In tihe evening tile Bishop ox. pounded the Epistlo to Philemon, VI. PAIIIcn or CooncI (coNTINucD). OGt Friday they drove to OoClringdon, being encorted mostol the way by the Rev. F. Bevan and Mr. ir asHall, who then returned to Wamebrook. Mr. nod Mrs. D. Iyrio received them at Coolringdon with their wonted kindnesa and hospitality. In the evening at 8 p.m. the Bishop conducted service and preanbed on the let echptor of St. John's Gospel, the second lesson for the day. On Saturday Archdenacon Druit arrived at Cool. ringdon at 1 p.m. In the afternoon Mr. D. Ryrio drove the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas with Mrs. D. IRyrio to Coomn, being meot on tbo road by several carriagcu, ladies and gentlemen having come to welcome the Bishop. At 5 p.m. the episcopal party and their oecott reached St. Paul's churob, when the Archdeacon conducted a beautiful thanlsagiving service, the congregation being numerous. At 0.30 one or two of the otlloinlo dined at the parsonage. On Sunday thie 11th November St. Paul's church was well filled at 11 n.m. service, when the Bishop preaohed from Hebrowa ix, 11. In the afternoon the church was densely crowded, seven additional boenches being brought from tbo scohoolroom. Fifty. two were confirmed ; and in the evening there was another largo congregation, when the Bishop preached from John i, 11. The colloetiona for the day, amounting to L13 4/7, were devoted to the geonral fund of the Church Society of the dioooo. On Jlodtlay St. Paul's burial.ground at Mittagang, a mile or two north of Coemn, wee ponneornted; and in tho evoning a public meooting as held in the school of arts, when accdresses were delivored by the BihIop, the Arochdoncon, the Rov. F. Bevan, D. Ryrio Esq. (chairman of the meeting), S. Mackay Enq,, &c.; Excellent musin (instrumental and vocal) also enlivened the mooting, On Tuesday the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas took leave with regret of their friends tihe Archdoeacon and family, and travelled with the lier. Mr. Shaw twenty amilan to Brodbo, where at noon seorvieo wan hold at Bowouln'.a, They thou continued their journey to Little Plain, Jingera. OG Wrectesdany tlhe little ehuroh at Jingora was crowded for morning servioce, condunotaed by Bev. A, B. cBhaw. The Bislhop oefflotively addressed the con. grrcgation and confirmed sixteen persons. Aflnr lunch at Iolly'a Hotel (provided by the church committee) the Bishop and party prooanedod nunder the guidance of DMr. V. Ityrie to ,licanlgo, where at 65,0 they were welcomod by Mrs. Ryrie. On Thursday the drawing-room at Mical ago was well filled by an attentive con gregation of neighbours and shearers, when cerrice was conducted by the Rev. A. It. Show, tihe Bihop preaching, and Mr. Curtoin pre ridiog at the piano for the chants and hymns. Mr. A. IByrie had a short time previously arrived from Sydney. In tie afternoon the shearers who had been engaged commenced hooaring, and the Biehop, who bad affectionately addressed them in the morn ing, attended to witness the commencement. In the afternoon Mr. Iyrio drove the episcopal party to the railway at Micalago station on their re turn to ioulburn. The Bishop found everywhere in the parish of Cooms the Archdeacon spoken of with respected affection after hie thirty.two years' service in Mlanoro, and the curate, the Rev. A. It. Shaw, was performing his duties with fidelity and to the atiefanction of the people, who universally commended him as a true servant of Christ. Thus ended the oflicial visitation ol the diocese in Munero. Universally the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas were received with affectionate cordiality and even enthusinsm. The congregations on Manaro, as on the couth coast in October, were always large, often exceeding the capacities of the buildings by one half. And the results were generally considered to be more encouraging than onil any previous occasion. The miles travelled between the 3rd of October and the 1ith of November were between 900 and 1000; the numbers confirmed 537; the services held 77; the number of churches dedicated for divine service 2; burial grounds consecrated 3 ; and the collections for the Church Society £140, including a donation of £10 fromo David Ryrio Esq. of Cool ringdon and L£5 from A. Ryria Etq. of Micnlago. The Bishop was groatly encouraged by the results, and returned to Gouonbrn on Friday at 1 a.m., frll of thankfulness to God for His protection and Ilis blessing on the work. TBorousgeh Coumlrcil.-A special meeting waS hbold yesterday afternoon; present, Aldermen Wosmbey (in the chair), Clifford, Hawkins, Ball, Gillespie, Bond, and Roberts. An apology wao re. ceived from the mayor for his absence. Alderman Ball said tho meeting had boon called at his sug gestion for the purpose of considering the question of the water-supply. The engineer had reported to the last mooting of the council that the present supply was diminishing, and he (Alderman Ball) bad visited the river and moeasured the depth of the water whcro tihe present supply is obtained t he found it to be 11 feat 6 inches in the deepest part, with an average of 6 feet, over the whole, but there was only gI feet 6 inches of water over the stone sill where the water flowed into the well connected with the pump. When this quantity was consumed it would be impossible to pump any more water with. out removing the sill, and to do this would cost a largo cum of money and interfore with future ar rangements when rain fall. He had gone up tihe river and had come to tihe conclusion that the best thing to be done, should no rain fall to increase the present supply, was to take water from the large hole above Iloei's bridge. To do this they would have to cut a drain for seven chains, whence hao had found the fall to be two foot, and then the water would flow down the natural channel; or else they would have to erect pumping machinery at the hole at the side of the bridge and carry the water to the hole at the engioe-house by means of fluming. Before they adopted either eheme o e thought they ought to have a report upon the practicability of both plans and their respective cont. He thoerefore moved that the working-overseer and the engineer examine tihe reach of water above Rossi'a bridge and report to the council as to the practicability and cost of obtaining a supply of water thence, either by excavation or pumping; also that all the alder men visit the place this (Saturday) afternoon at half-past two. Seconded by Alderman Gilloepio and carried. This concluded the business. Fiowcr-oesow.-The flower.-how in aid of the funds of Trinity Presbyterian chureb, which was opened in the hall of the mechanics' instiltuto on Wednoesday evening, was continued on Thursday and yesterday, closing last evening. The attendance on Thursday was fair, and the dramatic skletobch, Withered Loaves, was placed on the stage by a party of amateurs. There was a large attendauce last even ing, when the living statuary was again exhibited by lime-light, and solos and instrumental music were rendered by amateurs and the orchestra. The funds of the churoh will be considerably benefited by the show, but to what extent was not last night ascertainable. A If[eetling of the friends of Mr. S. AM. M. Dennis, late postmaster at Goulburn, was hold at the Royal Hotel last evening. About a dozen gentlemon attended, and Mr. W. J. Statham wan voted to the chair. The object of the meeting was to take stops to present Mr. Dennis with a loati monial in the shape of a puree of sovereigns to assist him in defraying his expenses in connection with the recent prosecution. Those present were unani moeuly in favour of the object, and after some dis eussion on the beat way of carrying it out, it wan agreed to adjourn to Friday evening next. Golllllbln' ]Fire Brigsadle.--The prizes won by the Goulburn men at tho file brigades con. test at Newcastle on the 9th and 10th instant are now on view in the window of the Herald Book Mart and have attracted much attountion. The prizes and the events for which they wore awarded are as follow :-1. The disabled ladder race (first prize) a silver cup, accompanied by two gold medals, 2\. Eight-mon hose-reel practice (second prize), a silver bucket with eight gold medals. 3. Two-men engine practice (second prize), a silver butter-cooler with two gold modals. The cup, bucket, and butter cooler are the property of the brigade, but the medals belong to the competitors. The Newcastle proen spoeak highly of tihe superior manner in which the Goulburn men did their work, and congratulate this city upon possessing a brigade with men of such physique and activity. The competitors made many friends and upon leaving were accompanied to tio steamor by a number of the district firemou, who choered them heartily. Chlange of Veatlther.-The high westerly winds which had prevailed for enveral days gradually died away on Thursday night, About midday yesterday a steady coast wiud sot in, bringing up clouds of smokeo from the bush-fires which enveloped the city in a dense fog. In the evening a light drizzle not in, with prospects of continuance. Thin had the effect of checking the fires, and gives hope of a searvice able fall of rain shortly, The changing of the wind direct from the west to the east, instead of as usual round by the south, is a lavourablo indication. aPIsootaorial.-A consignment of about one hundred and sixty,-oven brown trout arrived in Goulburn by the expresn train on Wednesday morning, Those fish were obtained by the Now Sounth Wales government from the Geolong and Western District Fish Aclimatiaing Society, Victoria, and were brougbt over in tin vessels, provided with bellows to supply them with air, a caretaker being in charge. Mr. Gordon of bhe fisheries department, Sydney, came to Goulburn and took charge of the con. signmont. It'was Mr. Gordon's intention to take some of the fish to the Shoalhavon Rivor and release theom there, baut finding that a largo number of them had died on the journey from Victoria, hbe placed those that wore living in various parts of the Wollondilly River. Should the fish thrive in thoir now home, lovers of angling may anticipate the pleasure of trout-fishing at some future time. Shooting Affray nat Sulaldhurst.-Mol. bourne, Thursday.-A highly sensational shooting ease took place to.-day in View Point, Sandhurst, in the centra of the city, in the presence of a large crowd of people. Tihe parties concerned wets Andrew O'Koofo, a largo contractor, who has just completed the construction of tie Sandhurst and Heathcoto railway, and MichnolRuBsell, a contractor and carpenter. Russell had a sub-contract from O'Keefe, and there had been a long- standing dispute about accounts. This morning they mot and had a stormy dinpute, when R?ussoll draw a revolver and fired two shoats at O'Koofo, which missed. They thon grappled, and an exciting strugglo ensued. Russell nmanaged to fAro qnoiher shot at O'Ke{ofo's alidonmon, but the progress of thue hollet was- arrectec by u tlhick wanitlbnud Q'Iooef bhad on. Runesol then fired anotlhop shot, which aitruok O'I~ofap'a forehand, smashing the frontal bone and glnoping upwards. Thinkinig he hlan kiilled O'Ieeofo, l?tlnoll raised the revolver to his own head, and lodged a bullet in hili brain, falling dead instantly. O'Koofo's condition io dangerous, but not critical, The affair has caused a great sensation hero. It was witnesosed by fully a hundred people, but was ao rapid that no one conuld interfere. isnaull was a quiet, respectable man, but must hIave Ion maddened at wbat he considered injustice. O'Koofo in Iosown all over the colonies as a largo contraotor.-Tologram to S. MI. Herald. The Queanoland parliament waso prorogued on Thursday till the lst January next. The proposal for compulsory voting at parllament. ary elections hlas beeoon abandoned by the Victorian goverumonh, 