COUNTHY NEWS. rBr TsLEonAPH.J (psoit otra co-respondents.) BATHURST, Mondât. At the* Police Court this morning, Pntrick Walsh was committed for trial at the next Quarter Sessions at Bathurst for causing: grievous bodily harm to John Eviston by throwing n quantity of nitric acid on him, burning Mb face and injuring his eyes. , Tns weather is still very hot. There ia.no sign of rain. Bush fires can be seen on the mountains. CAMDEN, Monday. The Camden branch of the Australian Natives Associa- tion elected Mr. Thomas Wasson as it« president; Mr. F. H.-Burne, vice-president; Mr. C. R. Von Amheim, trca-i surer; Mr. W. C. Turner, secretary; and Messrs. A. J. Doust, B. Reedy, D. O'Brien, F. Zglinicki, and J. Poole, coimnitteemen. A thunderstorm acrwrnpacied by hail and heavy rain fell yesterday afternoon. It was all over in half-au-honr, during which time 36 points of rain fell. COONABARABRAN, Monday. Much, dissatisfaction is expressed hero at the proposed alteration in the administration of justice. Tho prosent plan has been in existence many years, and gives satis- faction. DUBBO, Monday. The vveather has set iu mrprecedontedly hot. The ther- mometer ranged 100p in the s*4adewith allot wind yesterday and 102- to-day. GILGANDRA, Monday. Tho outlook for graziers and pastoralists genorally is in this neighbourhood growing worse daily. Tho probable percentage of lambs is now dorn to 30; and if rain does not come in lnrge quantities during tho next fortnight the prospects will be most alarming. The return for the crop« wiQ be nil. During tho lost thiee days the thermomotor has reached 104- in the shade, a devastating hot wind blowing during tie last week. GULGONG. Monday. This was the hottest day of tho season, tho thermometer registering 98- inaido a stono building. It is now (7.30 p.m.) 90*. A large bush fire is burning at Reedy Creek, two milos out. All hopes of the crop are abandoned. GUNDAGAI, Monday. The recont instructions to the authorities be» to send all prisoners in the local gool who aro sentenced to more than 14 days to Cootamundra havo caused much surprise and adverso comment. GUNNEDAH, Monday. The weather is very oppressive. The glass stood at 100, in the shade to-day. Last night a few drops of rain fell preceded by vivid flashes of lightning and loud thunder. TJho country is looking fairly well. Stock generally are in good order. Large numbers of sheep are passing daily from the Gwydir, Barwon, Lower Namoi, and Castlereagh districts, mostly making for Now England. There aro numerous applicants for lelief in the country, but very littlo is available this year. Bush fires oro prevalent, but no serious damago has been done in this district yet. Tho travelling routes are traversable. One thousand one hundred bullocks passed to-day from Carnsleigh, near Charters Towers, Queensland, Farquharson in charge. They have been live months on on the road, and ara in splendid order. Sovoral stages of over 50 miles were covered without water being encountered. They aro travelläng towards New England, seeking grass until the market recovers. The store stock market is .depressed. Sales of wethers are reported at 4s. to is. Gd. ; young ewes, Cs. to 6s. Gd. The Pastoral and Agricultural Society have a balance from the late show of £350, not £00, as published on Friday last. Complaints are rife abont the necessity of direct trains to the New England tableland, especially during the summer tninths. Th» journey to Armidale occupies two days, tuite ia sí r-x °.s formerly. Direct trains would be a great »<asu to p'icjle living on the plains to get to a cooler u}u,.iitc. INVERELL, Monday. , A f ,">J ace lent occurred at Stony Creek, l8 miles from hero, to a miner named "William M'Kenzio, 50 years of agc, while working in a shaft, on Friday morning. A large quantity of earth, estimated at about fivo tons, fell on him from a height of 6ft. When extricated it was found that ave of his right ribs wero crashed in over the liver and kid- neys. M'Kenzie died whilst being convoyed to the Inverell Hospital. A large quantity of wool is passing through, cn route to Sydney, via Grafton. Ten tuns of colonial wine, from Andrew Murray's vineyard at Bannockburn, passed through to Newcastle for shipment to London. Tho thermometer to-day registered 90*. NEWCASTLE, Monday. On Saturday afternoon the Minister for Lands met the Commonage Committee in the Lambton Council-chambers. The interview was hold with closed doors, the PresB being excluded. A fatal accident occurred to a man named James M'Gin nis. Whilo riding a horse at Cooranbong on Saturday afternoon he was thrown violently through the animal »tumbling. He was ponvoyed to the Newcastle Hospital, and died this afternoon from concussion of the brain. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. G. C. Martin, Coroner, and a verdict of death from injuries accidently received was returned. The deceased leaves a widow and seven children. At the annual meering of the Newcastle Rowing Club the report showed that the club had an overdraft of £217 Ss. It was decided that the committee should have an official report drawn up, showing the net nal position of the club, to be submitted to a special general meeting of sub- scribers with a view of placing the club on u substantial footing. ? PATERSON, Monday. The weather is extremely hot. A thunderstorm occurred here yesterday, but it wos accompanied by vory.litf Jo rain. The crops of maize and tobacco look extremely well at present. The orchards in the district promise a very good lupply of fruit. TUMUT, Monday. Seventeen points of rain fell yesterdav morning. The heat was exhausting to- day, being 98- in the shade. WALGETT, Monday. Mr. Daniel Tavlor, manager of Koelendi station, died yesterday from the effects of over-exertion while putting out bushfires. Dr j. Ranken, of Wal- gett, and De Lepervancho, of Narrabri, were in attend iance Tho deceatied was highly ronpected throughont the district for his sterling qualities. He was an excellent sheep judge and wai well known in the Mudgee district. _ The weather continues dry. The Namoi is now a chain et waterholes, and the Barwon has also ceased running. The stock routes are becoming bare and waterless. / WILCANNIA Monday. Dr. Wilson, who has hoon for many years medical officer at the Wilcannia Hospital, left bv the Broken Hill coach this morning. He has disposed of his practico hero, *nd is going home for a time. Owing to the severity of the drought, travelling in most parts of this district is well nigh impossible. All station torpes are very poor, and consequentlyiyery few people coñíe into town. This morning it wa» very hot again ; tho thermometer registered 102 in the shade ; but in the afternoon the wind went round to the south. A dust storm sec in. bringing un a few drops of rain with it. The weather is now much cooler. _____^______--» 