Camden. December 1. The Rev. J. F. Moron, Camden, held special services at the various churches in his parish during last month, at which special collections were taken up for the benefit of Mr. F. Campbell, a young man, who has been bedridden for over two years. At the morning service in St. John's on November 4, the collection resulted in the generous sum of £30 16s. 8d. being raised. A concert was given in the Parish Room, Cobbitty, on Friday week, which, from a musical point of view, was an unqualified success. The attendance was not large, many persons being kept away on account of the bush-fires. The proceeds, some £7, are to be devoted to the funds of the bazaar held in connection with the annual soiree on New Year's Day. The concert was admirably arranged and carried out by Mrs. F. W. A. Downes, of Drownlow Hill, assisted by her sisters, the Misses Thomas, of Wivenhoe. The absence of efficient platform accommodation at the tram station here is a source of much annoyance and serious inconvenience. The present structure is, at best, but a mean apology for a platform, and, moreover, dangerous to passengers alighting. Narellan is even in a worse plight than Camden, for at that station passengers are compelled to step from the car to the ground. Seeing that our line has just returned a 6 per cent, dividend, surely we are entitled to some concessions in this direction. Perhaps, after an accident occurs and heavy damages are recovered, Government will be convinced of their "penny wise and pounds foolish" system. Then we may have our just claims seriously considered. A very narrow escape from what would have been a ter- rible, if not fatal, accident, occurred at The Oaks during the late fires.. Two men were engaged in sawing down a tree which had ignited, when a large limb fell, shattering the saw to pieces, but the men escaped unhurt. It is currently reported here that the police magistrate who is to be appointed for the Parramatta district will also visit Camden, Canipbelltown, and Liverpool. Mr. W. C. Payne, of Oran Park, has decided to expend £500 in sinking for water on his recently- purchased pro- perty at Narellan. Arrangements have been made with the Artesian Boring Company to sink 500ft. in quest of this indispensable fluid. At Elderslie, a couple of miles from Mr. Payne's property, abundance of good water may be obtained only a few feet from the surface, so that there is every reason to believe the enterprise will prove success- ful. May every success attend the plucky venture of the squire of Oran Park. Mr. Paling contemplates forming another large dam on the Grasmere Estate, at the creek adjacent to the Camden Nursery, for irrigation purposes. By a judicious outlay a splendid sheet or water may be conserved at this spot. Residents along tho Nepean River, below Pheasant's Nest, consider that a grave injustice has been inflicted upon them by draining the river in order to supply the city. So low has the river become that it has ceased flowing in many places, and the water is anything but pure. A petition has been drawn up and largely signed in this district, praying that the Water and Sewerage Board allow the Nepean to be flushed occasionally with water from the Prospect Dam. Instead of petitioning the board, the people of Camden, Menangle, Douglas Park, &c.;, should rise as one and de- mand that the water be turned on. Unless something is done, and that quickly, a water famine will result if the present drought lasts. Our district was honoured by a flying visit from Lord Carrington and Lord Hastings on Wednesday last. Their lordships travelled incognito ; consequently there was no demonstration of any kind. Upon arrival at Kirkham lane, the august visitors were met by the Hon. James White, in whose company they inspected the. famous thoroughbreds on the famous Kirkhum estate, after which they were driven down to Camden via Macquarie Grove, and thence out to the Carrington Hospital grounds. After a brief inspection of the building site, brick kilns, &c;, the visitors returned to Sydney, leaving Camden about 3 p.m. 