NEW SOUTH WALES. STDNBT, AagUBt 9th. One resale of the extreme activity lately j displayed by the Anti-Ohlueaa League is that j it bas become deeply involved in debt. The deficiency at present exceeds £¿00. The Trades Labour Council met last night and had a long discussion wita regari to the competid' ;i ia various trades of pris JO labor with ttiut of free workmen. A resolution was passed protesting against prison labour being brought into competition with that of free working men. I SYDNEY, August 10. Johann Abraham, who was recently sen- tenced to six months imprisonment for obtaining money under false pretences, has been released on bail pending an appeal against tho sentence. It was proposed to distribute ¿£500 found on him among the metropolitan hospitals, but it has since trans- pired that the law would not admit of the money being thus disposed of and it has been í'óturned to Abraham. SYDNEY, August 12. The s.s. Guthrie has arrived from Hong Kong with 10,480 bags of sugar for Mel- bourne and Sydney. Betsy Sullivan.one of the Bulli widows.was brought up at Newcastle to-day, charged with being drunk and disorderly. It was stated that she had spent the whole of her allow* ance from the Belief Fund in shameful de- bauchery, and that she had ill-treated and neglected her seven children who were found sleeping upon the floor iu a miserable bevel. SYDNEY, August 13." The frost has done a great deal of damage to the sugar cane crops iu the Collina district. A boating accident occurred at Shoalhaven river on Sunday morning. A man, his wife, and two children were crossing the river when the boat, in which they wero, capsized. Two of the children were drowned. SYDNEY, August 14. News has been reoeived to-day that the steamer Angers, from Foochow and bound for Sydney with 5,000 tons »f tea, has gone ashore at Cockburn Beef, Torree Stroits and that 500 tons of tea have been damaged. Extensive bush-fires are burning along the Lower Macquarie river. Sixty men are out trying to stop the canflagration. 