TALLANGATTA. MONDAY, January 23. (PROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Mr. W. L. Boper, of Yackandandah, delivered a lecture in the court-house on Friday evening ; subject, " What is Death 7 Has Man a Soul ?" The lecturer explained the continual changes in man during life, culminating in the great change —death. He said the change is such that every ten years there is not a particle of the body— skin, muscles, fibres, nerves, &c.;,—bnt change into foreign matter. In explaining about death, he caused his hearers to reconcile themselves to the ordeal by picturing how things would look if death did not remove some; how the earth would swarm after a few centuries with decrepid, worn-out creatures. (It would take a Shakespeare to describe these.) The lecturer said in this case death would be a relief, and I agree with him. He said in dealing with the portion "Has Man a Soul?" that he was a Spiritualist from conviction and necessity, but he adduced no theories as to whether man had a soul or not. I certainly think they were not necessary, but if they were, it would be from a Spiritualists point of view. One assertion he made, and which may be true, viz., that there were 60,000,000 of the human race at present who believed in spiritualism, astonished me. He admitted that there were some absurdities, but when these were removed it would develop into a great religion. He challenged the parsons to discuss the subject on this or any other platform. Mr. Boper ridiculed the dogmas of the sects, particularising the Presbyterians and Wesleyans. I could not think of giving Mr. Roper's lecture in full; suffice it to say there was a fair attendance and that he was frequently applauded during the lecture ; and as he is a fluent speaker and sincere in his opinions, if any person, lay or clerical, takes up the gauntlet they will find him a " foeman worthy of their steel." A concert will be held on Friday evening next in aid of the United Church Funds. I expect to see a big crowd. The object is a good one, and as the talent of the district have promised to assist, people will get value for their money, asi the«' mirth and fun will be fast and furious " Therefore, roll up I We have had pleuro—bad luck to it!—among the cattle here, off and on, during the last three months. It is slackening off lately, for which we ought to sing a Te Deum. Some owners inoculated, but only to fiod the cure as bad as the disease, as several animals died after the process. Well, what with this and the fact that several graziers of high and low degree will have to sell their fat cattle for far less than they paid stor e ! B ° m ° ™athB ago, you willsee that they have adopted a slow way of making a fortune. We have grass in abundance,Tnditis fervently to be hoped the picture I have drawn will not culminate in a bush-fire, which in another fortnight or three weeks, an ess there is a change, would sweep all before it like an avalanche. Let us therefore be prepared to meet this enemy, if it should breKut "with our shoes on our feet and our stove 8 & YoUr p e °P le w r ,K hftn f 8 - \\. there about ^ n ^ W ™ and if necessary it will be of a practical nature. Whatever our failmgs may be, uncharitableness is not* oneof JEsrJl oi sSy.^oSg jjMjt stores and fat cattle S S ^ S i f f i 