DOINGS OF AN EVENTFUL DAY EMU PARK RAILWAY OPENING (By Zingaro). Whether the realisation of any long-looked for enjoyment ever equals its anticipation, has been a problem on which such acute philosophers as Baloingrten and Herder have expended no little time and trouble We do not intend to put your already long- suffering readers through a course, of Ger- man metaphysics preparatory to, beginning our repiort of the opening of the Emu Park Railway , but this we would premise, that if the visitors who were present on Saturday afternoon at the fete, did not find the actual state of the case correspond with their ex- pectations, it was the fault of neither the Cleerk of the Weather, the Committee into whose hands the arraugements were placed, or the genial caterer, Mr. Harry Johnson of the Belmore Arms. Everything passed off well, and the unanimous verdict of all present was utterable in the lines of Ovid. " Jovo send us more such happy days again." Punctually at 10 ; o'clock, the hour specified upon the invitation card, a goodly company of all the leading gentlemen in Rockhamp- ton, assembled at the North Rockhampton Station,like Chaucer's Canterbury pilgrims, " Ready to wenden on their pilgramage , "To Emu Park with all devoute courage." All sorts and conditions of wayfaring gar- monts were donned for the occasion, com- fort being in every case sensibly considered before the demands of that imperious auto- crat, Fashion. Precisely to time, after the guests had all been conveniently stowed away in tho com- fortable compartments, the train, consisting of an ongine, four composite carriages, and guards van, moved out of NORTH ROCKHAMPTON. A considerable crowd of spectators had as- sembled to witness the starting of the first train over the Emu Park line. Whether their feelings were so completely paralysed by the entrancing interest of the scene, or whether they considered it infra dig to raise a cheer, not the faintest approach to a "huzza" left the lips of the onlookers. Surely the green-eyed monstor had nothing to do with it. Slowly at first but with rapidly, increasing speed, the iron-horse with its burden speeds on its way, leaving the houses of the town- ship of North Rockhampton on the left, and on the right the broad placid bosom of the Fitzroy, shimmering in the golden sunlight with thousands of sparkling dimpling ripples. Upon the verandahs and at the doors of the various houses of the township as we pass, stand the eager enthusiastic re- sidents men, women, and children— waving frantically, every thing they could lay hands on from a pinafore to a petticoat, to show their satisfaction that the great work was consum- mated. On we speed. Here (in/is) Devil's. Elbow that beautiful sweep of our great river which for richly contrasted colour is one of the gems of Australian scenery, despite its somewhat uncuphomious designation. Then comes still on the right hand side and overlooking the river, that charming retreat Koongal, the property of John Fairbairn, Esq.; which, howevor, owing to the passage of the railway through : it at an awkward angle; has been so outrageously cut up. Then on the left we catch a glimpse of Mt. Berserker, towering up, with its tree-clad altitude into spruce, and soon our fuming and fretting steed runs panting into LAKES CREEK STATION. But we do not stop here. Though our speed is slowed, nobody being on the spot to be picked up, we continue to rattle ahead. The next feature of interest on the right- hand side of the line is the splendid estab- ment of the Lakes Creek Meat Preserving Company, which for completeness of appoint- ments and labor-saving appliances, will rival any similar establishment south of the line. Here we also note Mount Archer on the left, a prominent and beautiful element in thc varied landscape, and on. the same side the highly desirable site upon where Mr G. S. Curtis proposes shortly to build his resi- dence. We pass now on the right the Champion- ship Sculling Course, and having seen all the stretches of water in the world where the leading sculling matches take place, we are prepared fully to endorse the opinion expressed by Ned .Hanlan , that, the Fitzroy course surpasses them all in every quality which conduces to the welfare and development of this grand branch of athleticism. Here we pass through flats covered with white gum, upon which the stock in vain are endeavoring to find shelter under the withered timber, flicking the flies the while from their tortured sides, with their tails in measured cadence, "forty' flicking as one," with apologies to Wordsworth for the misapplication, of his verse.Yondor is the sawmill on.the right, which we trust is only "the foretaste of better things," as far as the progress of the place is concerned. While meditating thus we flash through SAWMILL SIDING as the place is named meantime, until the occurance of some 0utstanding fact re- christens it more appropriately. Passing on we wind along through a succes- sion of once fertile flats showing sad signs now however both to nose and eye of the prevalent drought, in the carcasses of horses and cattle lying and rotting, here, there, and everywhere. There is a sufficeincy of fine timber here not' large but dense, although we note likewise the smouldering evidences of a gigantic bushfire which had swept in its remorseless and devas- tating career, over hundreds of acres of fine trees. The inevitable poet who always accom- panies such excursions felt the divine affatus seize upon him with a grip like that of Con- stable Macgillicuddy, but we will be merciful and not inflict upon the gentle reader what we suffered from that summer poet.We next rattle on through, the fine property of Robert England, !Esq., which, however, had r suffered heayily from the great bush fire. Here we catch a first glimpse of the famous Mount Schleikna, so named after the celebrated horse of Scandinavian mythology. With regard to this mouniain we cannot but note the striking reseblance it bears, with its triplated summit to the " Eildons three" in Scotland, which the familiar spirit of Michael Scott, the Wizard, cleft into their threefold crests as the work of a night. Nay, the whole scenery here is somewhat sug- gestive of that Paradise of the tweed, where every rood of land is consecrated by tradition, where the waters of every streamlet, are im- mortalised in song. Here the Balnagowan road crosses the line, and winds, away down through the valley by the base of Schleikna, and through the trees we catch a peep of the Balnagowan Hotel, standing by the roadside.Here our iron horse began to slow,and presently we drew up at MEADOW FLATS. near to John McGrath's selection, one of the early settlers in 1868. Here everything looked green and beautiful, betokening a plentiful and perment supply of water. Not long did we delay, how- ever. In a few moments we are again on the road. Keeping Nankin on the right, with the Cawrra skirting the line on the left, we next passed Black-' well's selection on the former side, and Hayes' on the latter, both of them early settlers of the 1868 type. Their land ex- hibits every evidence of industry, persever- ance and foresight. Then as we rattled along merrily. Our tireless steed at this point " laying back its ears" for a bit of a " stretch " along a fine straight run with no curves to trouble it, "we obverve the spur from Mount Schleikna , where the "Annie" and other reefs are situated, and Stoney Creek, which with its dry sterile bed, unre- lieved by vegetation fully deserves up. \- iiio. At a little distance wo nolo Saunter's' .-leotion, looking gr. en and fertile, and .-> lowing a wonderful contrast to tho surf rounding country. Rattling on through this ' iue'property, where the beauty of1 the laud j i icape is relieved by 'lUidry small lagoonsi ! .vliieli gleaming golden in the morning mill: j chine, lend color to the sceno. Onward, onward w,! go, passing Nankin Croeki windirit&jRNvn; by the base of tho hill of tho sam? and finally draw up at . , cawarral ' ' having accomplished tho first half of our journey in exactly 40 minutes. Ilorowenoto the pumping operations wliioh avo' going on to fill the immense \loublo-tier 1-1,000 gallon tank, whence our ongiue proceeds to take ! " water. Also, we are shown the arrange-: i ment which has been made to recompense travelling stock for the loss of the creek , whicli is cut off from tho road by tho lino, in tho shupo of largo troughs communicating hy pipes with tho tank aforesaid: AB we movo out from OiiwiUThl, on our inward course, we perceive on lilie right-hand side the crushing mill belonging to tho Tom Thumb mine. Though/the lal.lei- is situated six miles away, Still the ' stuff" is carted nit that distance, in order to sccuro a pcrmanont supply of water for crushing purposes. Near the creek are lnrgo honps of tailings, yet to I bo treated by the new chlarination urocoss. i Cawarral township is now visible for an in stant on tho loft, with the celebrated Dan Hawk's Half-way House, tlio siglit of which in days gone by was like, mamia tp the soul i of many a dust-choked traveller- between Rockhampton and Emu Park. On the Bamo side also we catah n glimpse of the famous . Mount : Wheeler, whore tho largo alluvial finds wore made in the early days. Long uuu o40 ruuu lo lj iu 11 .lulls wuu1iu 1'ouuu tho base of tho liill. On, the right wo now got a splendid viow, , of Cawarral Station, the residence of John Fergusaon, Esq. It is beautifully situated on the rise of a small liill, having tho diVuse' heavy masses of bush iu the distant back ground to throw it more completely into reli'df. The picture in every rospbet is a beautiful one, full of vivid and effective color and coutrnsts. . Tho channels of tho creeks here, lined as they ore with- 1 drooping palms, are vmy picturesque, and afford : a relief to the eyo from the perpetual varieties of eucalypti. On we speed, until at longth wo renah c00u005ian creek ;- with Mr. Macarce's brewery on the loft, con-: spicuous by its castellated shapo/likb somo ancient Bordor peel immortalised in .the romances of the old niinBtrols;' and in 'the magical reproduction of the cliivalric prist in our glorious Sir Wall " . Onward, onward iuA'Still the word, as in the ride - of William of Doloraine in tho Lay; of1 tho East Minstrel, past .Lambort's old' public-house;' now ' iu ' ' proiioSs of being' removed, to 'Tanby Railway Station!,' so as to catch the Yeppoon traffic at tlitit junction ! past the long flats, waving beautifully 'groou with Zamia-grass, and then draw rein for ri moment at1'" ' ' ; I tanby railway station.' : Here' wp are reqeived with.clieers by goo & Harry. Johnson .anplus, npmorons staff of assiBtants; 'wlio prowdl'out of tho spaoioup mdi- qiira 'that lias' .boon erected, like ants from an aut-liijl. Already, through ;tlio open! '.flas pt'tlio.tohtwe can seq' preparations fof.,p 'lunbheon fit tb iiiake the, mouth of a .Beyer or a 'Brilltlt' Savariii water in anticipation. Hove, clptp .liy ' tli'e , station . .and ,'iri convenient THVYSlTriifv. t.li Arhfrtvn. Vn'hnfl-i vnn/T n \\\A i-rt'i'l wn see Lambort's Hotel being erected, and further on we note with intorest'tho .panks of tlio creek' lined vfith scrowfpinesi ' Tlio iirst evidencos 'heri appear that' we ' are. .approiiolfing the so'a,: iu the sandy nature of th'oCil. , Shoalwater Creek' is ' crossed by a culvert-' bridge, underneath' which, 'iii spring tides, fish galore are said 1 to- lie, procurable. Then suc ceed on the right-,' long strotches of mangrove: flats, and we hero catch om- first view of the : Bald Hills, which overlook Emit Park. Also,' over the sand-dunes on .the left, the sea, kissed by the sun's rays, gleams blue and beautiful as! it stretches away, over its sail-dotted expanse! into ''!''St indefinite beyond," which, as; Gop.1® f jfffcrs, " is fancy's loved resort." On! observe the Emu Park racecourse,' where; ther Summer-Meeting will' soomtakb place, then after passing Young's, boarding- house,., the ..'-Chinamen's gardons|. tlio Dry' . Swamp,, .and , the. well which : the Divisional1 Board, has lately sunk and fortunately 'obtained good, jwater,- we . finally draw. :up precisely .'at ll'Io,. in tlio pretty little station of , .; ;i . i -i jjmu park.1' ' i Straightway we .«« disembarked glad to, stretch oiir legs after so long a sitting, and proceed im-i niediately to have a look.'at the tpuqi. ' ' Alth6ugh'Emua 'Park' is at present only in' embryo us a,' township and 'wittering plaeo, yet its futui-e 'iinp'ortanco and increase is as certain . as the'revolution of the seasons. It lias.every-; " thing to commend it to the lover of picturesque sceh'ery, the Itfa'vellety the pleasure-seeker, arid the, 'invalid. ' Three 'maghiliccnt .hotels, unsui--' . passed, at leasf;iri the caso.'of ' the two first, ' by ; any. at Manly, Sorrento, ;dr Queeris'cliff, offer ' accommodation to' visitors, viz., Comlcy's Emu' Park,- Birch's' Grand; and Toon's Impbrial. , whilst now that the railway has bcon ripened, ; all sorts of amusements will bo provided by ' the enterprising lessees;' since, as good host Coniley remarked iu his short but raby speooh on Saturday, " it wits his interest so to do." , As ' to the prospect froni the points rif vantage around, the ' lover of ,,tlie picturesque has a constant treat befriro blip. ' stationing himself, on. the tower of Birch's GraridjHotel, the eye wanders entranced over the magnificent expanse of land and sea. Tho bbautiful lines of ICoppel' Bay lib beforo us in their fair entirety, whilst tlio shimmering expanse is dotted by the rocjcyhnd i-uggod outlines of Keppel Island, Pelican Island, and Entrance Island. Round the beach are miiriv delicious walks) where the inevitable spring lovers may find ample scope for the exercise of that easiest of all the arts "spooning." Here also may . the lover forlorn find a coii-: solation by ".the sad sea waves," arid if ho should confide tho secret of 'his trouble to Hosts Cqml'ey and Birch, before ho leaves they will have' brought him to tho somewhat cynical yet nevertheless sensible conclusion, that "there are as good fish in tho scans over came out of it." "All tho passengers then proceeded. to Comley's Hotel, whore Mr. Couiloy' hos pitably entertained tliein. ' ; Captain' Hunter, as a very old resident, groposed " success to Emu Parle," whicli lie adrno doubt was ensured by the complotioh of (he lirio.' The toast was then "drunk ehtmisihstically. — Mr. Comley, in respond irig,/ expressed the great pleasure it gnvo him|(is'a resident of tho Park' to Bee the Une line, completed and open. He had not the Bligiitost donbt that the great advantages of Emu Pork would , bo appreciated by. the people of ' Rocfchampton, an 1 they might rest assured the' people of E .i .i Park would do everything to accommodate I honi. ' After a short walk upon the knolls over looking tho ocean the gentlomon returned by train to Tanby, whoro, tboy sat ' down to luncheon under canvas at about 1 o'clock. The Hon: Arcliibald Archer occupied tho chair, supported by tlio Mayor of Rook hampton and Capthin Hunter)' and Messrs. Atherton aW Mocaroo wore vice- chairmen. Tho Hrj/-"' 3££J'dai.i Archer asked tho gentlemdCfimgiltt to cliargo thoir . glasses. Hri hart, a tdafo proposo wliich' required no' 'Words to bS- usod in connection with it — it was this toast of " Her Majesty, the Qnebn.": The1; toast 1 having, been duly honored. Mr. Archer asked them to charge tlioir glasses, again. This toast he would not propose without- a- few words, but bo would promise- to' be as" brief ns possible; Their time 'there" wiip ' limited, and, theroforo, whatever he had got to say would' bo com-! pressed into the smallest space. Tho toast ho had to propose they would all drink! with plensuro.'rirul ho felt oxtremo ploasurei in proposipg-tlio toast of tlio /'Acting- Governor of'Qunerisland, Sir Arthur talmor."- He did so not only with .great pleasure bo- <?!'1®®:®lr rthur Palmer was one of tlio most uisfi iiguisliod politicians in Quoenslainl, who had 8/icc'ossfnlly adininistored tho "Govern- ,'inont iu tho : absonco of the Govoruor on liiftny ocnnsions, but also because Sir Arthur Wis a dear personal friond of his own. lie i liked above all things a good friend, and he believed Sir Arthur to bo a really genuine one. : (Hoar, hear.) Ho had therefore inueh pleasure -iii : proposing tho health of "Sir Arthur'Palmor, Acting-Govornor of Queens land. The toast was drunk with musical '.boilOrs. ! 1 - j Mr. AncHEii tiiou asked them to fill their gliVBs.03 for tho toast of tho' day. Tho toast .lie had. to -.propose was that 'oao; for (which they had- mot that day;. to oolebrata,'- " tho oponiug.of. the railway between Rockhampton and Emu Park." He would only repeat tho Wprd? wliieh ho . had .used at Emu Parle already that day, that no one oxpeoted. loss than lip, himself ;did when lie first passed oiior the, country, to Beo a railway .connecting Emu Park ;nnd. Rookhampton. ..i There wero a fow. present ,liko Captain Hunter, who hail riddou aud driven to .Emu Patk whoa tliero was rather a bad bush road, and they had now 1.1 le 'advantage of- seeing the"' railway running easily and successfully between the chief 'city 'of Central" Queensland and tho watering place .which was to bo its' future health resort. He' (ltd not himself) oxpcct to sec i t, but. there worn inaiiy present who would see that tlio work which was pom- plotod by tho cbntrhctors iind taken over by the Go vormnent would in a fewyeursleadtb a city boingbililt'iit the watering place tff'Eiiiii Piu-k1, 3UehiU)'would probably astonish many who 'had first seen the'placb. Tii coming down! tlierp thoy had not only . to consider' the. oreptiou of the liur ' -w)iie!i W.is rib great work' for' Quhnnalifiirt HiA.v l.-ih >1, .... 1, ...l l- consider the afflict tlio' lino would lih.v'Q ' upbu- the place which- had 'bsdn'tKo'first' settlement —lie referred to Rockhampton. Ppr' years and years tlmi'b had boen aii olitcry for easy moans of acco'ss to some spot' whore people who wore- -fagged by'sufrimor work) could gpli a-frosh lii-obth of utr, vyith 'ii' little loss dnkli aud u little mbrb soabrefezotiVan'wais possible in Rookhampton. He had no dpHtbt that tho, fact- of the' railway being now open) wduld conduce'hot ohly'to the'pleasriro, brit'to the health' of the people of 'ltoek Hampton, which liiany Tcgardfcd as the toWu' rif' their adoption. Tho mattor upon which lie spoko was oilo .which could 1 ib culargod to considerable oxtcut. 'Thero'wbre, However,' several other things which' had to bo, 'referred to after hp had finished," arid' boin anxious that tlio ox- cursio'n train, Ibadod'witli'-passengbrs anxious to see. tho Park, should riot,bo delayed, he did uot.wish to refbr to any thing' that' might make thoin:r'late".iri ' roturhirig. lie would tlierofpre;riot' only ask them to drink ' snccots1 ' to the railway, 'but hb' would pfoclaitii it' open for tmfllc, wliich' Ho' accordingly did,', as rb- quosted. by tho Minister , to do,' '(Cheers'.)' Speaking of the Minister for Railways ho was exceedingly' sorry lie was riot present in tlip plac'a that He (Mr: Arehor) occupied. lie wiintpd to say "one " word, aboiit,' tlip Miiiistbi'."' Ho : liad ' -known hirii ' for'"sbino' yoAi'b,1 lib had sivt beside,' him iri tho Ilriiiso; lie had met him at homo "in England', 'and iit: tho last, election ho'.foiind him in the. House 'agarri ; 'arid' lie would iriakc' the'- solemn affir mation thnt'tU'rire1 was riot'ii, more honest1 man in tho Queensland .Assembly. The' Minister for.E)ay,as,|ri'man who would' say "no" when it was/the proppr answer, but he was by no means 'fi.bul ly . He wa9 one, of thoso quiet- mannered and good-hearted nuiiuLuiuuu wup neiiner ouenuon nnfenomy,' libr it friond. Ho believed that whenever Mr.' Nelson left tho Railway Department) lie iv'J.l,ld .he regretted in a way that few: Ministers had ever' been'.'; Tliby 'would not therefore be surprised' that , lie wishbd-Mr.! Nelson to be presbrit tb', preside 'at the ceremony. He wished' thpm.'all: to know. Mr. Nelson, than' whom- thore ivhs no. one moro tlioroughly lionest arid honorable. Mr. Archer then , not only pi-o-' posed suhceas to the|Emu Par k railway, which; ho hiid, lib doubt would, earry tlioiisaiiils !upon thousands 'of passbrigbi-s',1' But , He,', also' ,.6x-! prussbd the wish that Emu Park" .might grow' in 'bach' ii way as to accommodate, rill thoso who oauio to_ seek health, 'arid .reeroation" there; ' Ho 1 alMo hoped ' that Roekhampton! would .supply that accommodation, .Ho firmly! believed the town of liockhnmp'fori! Svould be' benbfitod, not only in lipiilfcli, ) 'but' iii.ptliQi-. rospebtsby the little bit of railway, that rioivj connected the town with' tho beautiful. boa.' Ho wished ".'success to - the railway thou1 bpeued.'nnd to both tofinirii.,' (L'tiiid cliobrs))' The toast was) driirik ohthusiastibally. Mr. Rf.es 11. Jones, M.L.A., then rose and; said that he took credit to himself for being one of the first persons in Rockbaiiqiton to; take iidynritdge, of the beautiful,- watering: place provided in Emu Park. He bad, a linuipy there 18 years agq, but it had gi'own to a. house no\y —(A voice,;, There lias. been' to, fill it). , (Cheers)),,. As a ypj-y, old inhabitant, lio was very pleased .indeed to see thb lino'.. opened, rBecause.'.-pnoppf ..tlio! drawbacks lie. Hiid found. to the. 1/iii'k was tlio distance from, toiyn— 20 miles.,.., In hot gild sultry woatlior it 'was .yery')tryjng, to. drive' there. If ow, however, the distance, .can ho' done iu.an liour.aiid a half. He was sure that not only, thb;. peoplp of, .Rockhampton' would take . advantage ,,of ', it;, .but visitors from tlie intoripf instead of , going; South would take up. tlioir. ii-esidunco at Emu Park, which ho conaidei-ed the queen, of watering, fiacos. . . He hail :tho word ,of Mr. .firebar for t, that of ,iill the.iyatoring plnces lie had soon 'fl, the >yorld .lie never saw ,pne ivith ,'firiqr) natural,, advantages ; than 'Emu- Pork. ' (Mr. Jones at this stage was greatly interrupted by loud .cries of f.'.spbak up, " &c;). Ho' said ho was sorry not to , see the facos of tho con tractors prosent. ' One of the firm of Foun tain ;Brothors had called upon liim, and said no : very much rogretted that none of tho, firm would bo ablo to bo proscnt, as thoy had arranged to have a family gathering down in Brisbane. Tho arrangements which they made would, prevent any of them being pre sent, and lie. hoped tho gentlemen present would accept the apology, which- lie tendered on behalf of tho contractors. He hadtold, the member of tho firm who'had callod upon him, by all moariB, that they should go and join thoir family oirolo in Brisbane arid and that tlio people of Rockhampton would- excuse them. On behalf of Emu Park;- Mr. Tones expressed his thanks for the good wishes' expressed for tho future of that watering place; by Mr. Archer and- endorsed by the ' company.) Mr. Jonos ' then, asked thorn to cha'rgb their' glassos. The - toast he had to propose was'- " Tho Members- of the Municipalities of Rock-' Hampton and' North Rockhampton, - and tliej Chairman and Mombors of the Divisional Board,"-. Queensland might tnko credit 1 to herself that lior'looal government had been a- success) In Now South Wales -they wore mi-- fortmmto, .as'.thoy had not gone in for local1 government to tho same extent as Queensland.; As far as Rookhampton and district was con-j cernod, jhe local authorities had' always- shewn; a . gopil-.'.examplo to -every Municipality andj Divisional Board in tho colony. ' Thoy always) felt proud of that in speaking of looal authori-j ties. They lmd the Municipality of . Rock-! Hampton which had been in oxistenoe for. thirty years, and tlio Municipality of- North' nookhampton which was only a , few years old.! Alul thoy might all bo promt I of tho way, in! ivluch tho Municipality as well as the Divi-i sional Board affairs wore conducted. , He liad' very much pleasuro in proposing the healths of. tho bodies he had mentioned, coupled1 with tlio' namos of Jfessrs. Williams,. Maoareo, : arid1 Atliorlon. , Tlio toast was. drunk with musical honours. Mr. Sii>np.y Wii,i.ums (Mayor of Rockhamp- ton) said it was diflioult to speak in the tent in', suoh a way that ho could bo heard with qase.) TI1030 who wore near him must thorofore cx-i cu8o him if ho- shouted, and those who.. were) ata distance must likewise pardon him. if theyj oould not hoar him. Ho vory much appreciated tlio flattering way in whicli Mr. Jones, had pro-' posod tho , (oaste. : of : the Municipalities ' ofi ilockhrimpton and North Rocl<hnm))tbu, and. tho Divisional Board. The way Mr. Jones had proposed tlio toast showed that the actions of thoso bodies had not be.m altogotliot unobservodiby -him. , (A .voice ; A little, niori litigation ?) It was not municipal influence that lmd brought about tlio opening of tlip railway, whioh they wero to celebrate, but it was all tho same, a matter for municipal . congratulat oii. It wiu a . great day for Roekhampton when Emu Park was brought within an hour and a half of the towni they enjoyed in otlior places tho privilogo of .being connootol with watering plaep fo| many yoayfi, .and lit jlqst enjoyed tho sapui privilogo in Rook hump toil, lie/Was surprised to hear so niariy gentloiifou. !uay . that , tho.aj never oxpeetod) lib goo an Eiirii Park rauwayj If? think ' that' with) thb. wonderful municipality wluoH1 tliey liad got' they, word bpt the sort of perijilo' to get it done P. . Tlin citizeus of Rockhiimptori wero as riiubli .hlivq to thoir interests as thpSb of! any' district in' Queensland, . arid hp liplioil '.Hlitjy' would iiol fprgpt. it citliot. ' Hi) ivas riot' an old ' alder-: 511 up. b jit there were old nldurineh ,;ri thq ,ty. arid hp lyiMiid biidPrivor'to follbw'.'th'o'ir example. Cap'taiu Hunter, was bile, of the: goutloiiiou ivho' lia'd saiil ho did'iiot o'xpbet to sue the liiie to Eiuu l/ai-k, but lie supposed that geutlemari ha'l not, tivkc'ii'tiiiiu to con-: sidor the fiiturc.' pf. ,tlib''diiitript..'( He hopctlj tho people <>f itook'hatriptpu 'wquld. never failj to nob onlyqoh sariltfiriVuVis jls they ro- quii-j l, bat abo every otherprlvilego whichl they deserved (hear, hoar)). 'ariif . so far as liel was concerned thby' lvould not' lose -themj either for want of asking. The Council had' plenty of business capacity, anil with such! men the town would not bejeft far behind., He did not want to take up more time, Mri Archer having given htm an excellent oxam-; pie that " Brevity'is' the 'soul of wit." He) wnillfl tintv.iailliaSrla ntt.1 nnU af".. a _ — ..vn.-guyemu muw iv?& w. addrosa thorn. >a, | Mr. Maoareo (Maypr of North Roekliamp- 1 ton) said|he,h(id; jbeen; twenty-eight; years iri tho distriot (lioar, hear), and ho saw many old residents . .present, who, had , struggled' through tho city of "S.in, Sorrow and Sweat," ! ( y!?.V'/-s - . "Not;; at all!") who used, to bo ashamed ,to,ni)Ichowlpdgo 1pm wli'cu he used tp ytptk . iu his.aiiig)etTegtiin|f fwpegq , He; >vas greatly pleased to see suoh ap nudiouee hpforo i hini. aniil,.the liiip.to.E|nul'ark au.ric- complislipd fact. It, was no mystery .to liim that . tlforo should bo a lino, /to, Bum Park.' Three years ago ho met a most amiable lady at a funeral (laughter), aud slio told hiiu a secret that might he publ(hod to the'world. Tho lady, who was a clairvoyant, ..tqld- hinri tliat lm .might, tell bile Tablet that the lino to' Emu- Park wouJjl.be an accrimplishpd fiipt.in thrpo, yeavH' time. Ayas thero anything ill. elairvoyniiey ? She liad said it would take place, and it dul. (Groat laughter.) If'thoy ,did not wish to listen to him there >vore plenty inprp speakprs, bpt lie eridbiwoi-ed to! amuse as well as to instruct. On behalf! qf; North, Rpckhainppni ;iio ;uxp,ressod! liis , plea- 1 ifeeNf prcapnt; upqn! thisf'auspicioiis! i occasion. A ,!,,,(.) I Mr.'ATHBaTON,' Oitairirian of tiio Qogaugo! Divisiqual- Hoard, said tlicy. mustiuot expeut! a long speech from him. He iviis .very glivdi <ii-eii PW?9B» uud. to jipoo, so;. many. old! residents at the oporiirig,,qf ,of .tlip linb,.'/ In! .other rospectB hp. was nltoglad. because ' the i Emn,,.Ri.j;k -liuio would' take, a' lot of.'re-i sponsiluUty off tho hands of tho Board, with! which Ue wapj/joueetod. so; closely. j'Tlioyl would riot hq postered . tp , mnltp, .bridges and roads between Emu Park rind Rookhampton. In his opinion, thoy had got tho thin ond ofi . tlio wedge in for a liuo, .of, railway by ivay ui LLiu.LuauiiuLi nan iuaoKay. upon some f ,u turc qpca.sio n, tliprp would bo lots of pdbplo who ' wh Pre rioif .' ,hof Ai-ri ' h i m )' .ftl-osbril; rif th'o opouing of railways in that diroetion. (A voico : Yaamba S).' ' Ho was sorry riot to liavo been present at Comley's hotol tliat day at Emir | Park;', as- ho. ;and> some .- off itho members lmd gone to inspect a well. Ho was olio,! of )';the ,,p)dcst residents in tho district on that sido of Rockhnuipton, hay ing ,heep . thorq .poiy .for fiO- yea(M,: i tFor years sifter ho arrived, lie never' expected '"'to: seo n railway connocting Emn. Park and! Rockhhmpton; but'llb' wris very gliiid'tb seo itj Ho thanked them on behalf of the Board for "tho manner in which' tlie' t*' was likuiotbd arid reeoivrid-/' ' :ii; . .in Mr. Archer then produced a Hospital box,! arid said itlwas-l riri , instrument ripon 'riliich Dr, Callaghnn played. A collection was solicited on bohalf, of .thoso who wore siok in tho Hospital. The box was thereupon sent round with ,the result that ,,£18 Is. lOd. was collected) ' ' . Mr. Macauee . said, he got up to propose 'ivhat he siiid'tfob orie' of' tlib'm'okt"promirierit toasts of tho -'day—- -ifliey' lmd an elective' body representing tho people, and the people honored them according to thoir dues and merits. After having rogaled tho assem blage with Shakspeariau quotations ad libitum,' Mr. Macaroo said it gave him great pleasure to propose the toast of - tho Parliament of Queensland, coupled, with the name of Mr. John Murray, member for Noriuanby. The health was drunk with musical honors. Mr. Murray, in replying, said he was a young and pomewhat simplo member, and that "thtsy" ought to have 'bbupled the toast with somo one or more capable than ho to address: them.' (A voice: With rnpre " cheek " you ought to say.) There Would liavo boen< no; 'difficulty in getting a member more: .experienced, thaui ho., Ho ; thanked them very much fr tho manner in which thp toast hud; beoUcppoposod , and l-ecoivod. He' was justified ,iq,. saying that, when thoy proposed the Parliament of Queensland, thoy- proposed tlie toast of as capable a, Parliament! as existed in1 ' any : I of the colonies at the present time. Ho was not justified in Baying; that from what thoy 'had'.doup in ; tho past— (A voice : But jvhftt .yoa'iutend to do in tlip future.), I He ..thought, however, thoy liadi converted the Protectionists to Free-trade., vi a.1w, aaouuuo ku utlu uuui'jvl( eloction .they could -inqet no one, olamoring for protection, but now everyone clamored for it; .Everyone wanted protection, but no! 'one wanted. ,to pay for it. .(Voices: Quito' true.) Hp could assure tlieip ,thoy wouhli have, liis 'cp-operatiou , in. getting, book to' Free-trado again, , us far as it. was possible.! Daring tho . next, Session of Parliament,' moasures would bo introduced ,pf greater im portance than- ever— ho alluded to legislation; in regard to decentralisation. These measures! would bo difficult and. pomplicated, tho groat j object being - to do away, with tho clamor for, Soparation. It must bo admitted tliat what-! over the disabilities tjio North labored under.) tho Cohtral District suffered to ri greater! oxtont. (The Central mombers went with the. Government in opposing Sopariitiori,— ho at aU,ever)tB did bo,— and lie hopodtlio Govern-: raont would seo their way. clear in foi-mulat-1 ing a liboral, and coinprohorisivq ' measure to) ward jOff the bio jv, of Scparatibri. He did not think any thing iririro serious could befall' the! Central District, than Separation, (A voice :' Qiiostiori'.) Whatever tho ' bouoflt3 to the North wero, ho saw nothing but destruction! to the . Central District in it. Ho would, therefore," do his very best that when the measure was before Parliament that it should be comprehensive aud liberal, in order to ward off the fatal results Separation would' have upon Central Queensland. Thoy wpro, thore to celebrate the opening of tho Emn' Park line, and it undoubtedly wns a great' boon to tlio inhabitants of Central QuoenB land, but it'was puroly a' pleasure lino (cries of " No."), but ho could not seo for the life of him that it was of any further importance. It was an excellent lino for lioalth and, pleasure-seekers, but as. a lino calculated t> promote tlio material interests of thriContr.il. Districts it wns nil. (Cries of "No."T In) fact tho tendency it would havo would bo to: make people spend more money than they were warranted iu doing. (Crios of f"No.") He said tho £(50,000 whicli had bcon voted, fur tho lino Ouglit to havo been voted for an extontion -of tho Central Railway to the sea board. (Mr. Archor: Whntevor havo. wo got to do with this controversy hero?) It was immaterial tp liim whothpr the railway wont' to 'Pok-t Alma or toany other place. The' Central District , would never succeed until their railway system was connected with 1 the outside tra'flld qf the i world. (Hear, hear.) lie hoped tlicvncxi tuna thoy inofc tb colabrato tho 'oxtonsion of n railway it would bo to celebrate the exten sion of the Central- Railway1 'to deep writer. Ho diil not care a farthing whether it'was to Port Alma or to any other port. Unlo'ssAuoli n railway wore made, they would got starved out ; but whether the people of Rockhamp- tou liked it or not tho railway would bo ox- tended. The Wosteru districts would do- . liiand it and tliey would have his assiBtauco) The peoplo of Rockhampton had bottor look after thoir own interests, or oIho the Railway would go to Gladstone or elsewhere. Tho extension was a work of a national eharautor) and it would not bo influenced by the possi bility that it might nffeot thb interests of a fow tradespeople in Rookhampton. It affected the interests of tlio wholo producers of Central Queensland, anil did thoy tliink those people wero going to bo debarred from getting tlio extension by a few tradespeople in Rockhampton ? He hoped tho extension of! the line would bo the next celebration ho would attend. Ho had to thank them very muoh for proposing and receiving tlio toasti of the Parliament of Quecnsliuidi in t.liei manner they did. (Cheers.) ' ' Mr. Archer thon announced that tlio pro gramme. of the celebration was tlien com- pletod, and thoy - luull got 20 minutes more' to spend at Tanby. For thoso 20 'minutes' thoy could either drink ill. the shade like' mon, or wander about among the grim trees.) Tho train must go. punctually on aoconnt of! the excursion train going down to tho Park.' Captain Hunter said ho would nrit detain! them long. He . had a toast to propose,! which they would all di-iilk witli ploasuro.1 " was uuut or men- esteemed chairman, Mr, Archer. (Hear, hear.) He was quite certain ho would roqniro to say very little. Mr, .Arehor. was one of the oldest inhabitants in the Central Distriot, and during the time that he had known liim, his best services bad been devotod to tho advancement of the Central Distriot. (Hear, bear.) i In his public capacity, Mr. Archer had at times dono thiugs much against his own personal interests for the benofit of the community. Many present did not know: that fact so well as ho did. Upon Pne occasion they could got nothing for tho Central District, and - Mr. Archor was on the ovo of going home, but ho pledged liimsolf to give up his appoint ment to forward the intqrests of Central Queensland. Fow, men in such circumstances would havo carried themselves with tho same integrity arid good feeling whioh) Mi'. Archer had displayed in giving up a .lucrative position for their sakes. Mr. Arelier had boon con nected with the Parliament of the country for many years, and "at all times liad given his: services freely. Evoryono fdlt lie "mi a man! of influonco, a maii whoso word ami sterling! qualities would carry force in any assemblage.! He had the pleasure of being acquainted .with Mr. Archer for many years, and during the whole ofrjthat tiiiio a more worthy and dis interested man ' who workbd for the best interests of Central Queensland did noUoxist. ill-. Areher's health wns then drunk with great enthusiasm and musical honors. , Mu. Ahciiioh said lie ought tojbosurprised at tho manner in which the toast had been rccoiveil, but really he had been so spoilt by tlio people of Rockhampton '(cries of " No "I who had received him invariably so well that he wns not at all surprisod tliat tliey placed his merits muoh highor than lie deserved (cries of " no u,o"). He insisted that to give up! the Agent-' frAnoi'Alnliin Wna imf n fliiiiit In li«n r» .A ; ll1!11. win) did not, keep his woru was not c i much apepunt, and lie did . not-, think it wo j n tiling, decrying public recognition. When ! .ovoiyhq.iijldrqssod assqpiblios in Rookhampto | ho iii variably,, received,, attention; and courtes 1 whichinadiL liirii feel.. that.. lie. had -neve I addressed people wifh the same pleasure i s i j Rockhnmpton. As ' fo" 'tlio remarks whio! Captain nter .hadjayishad. upon liim, if tlin gentleiiinri Icriew liiiri usweli'ii'sliekriow him qolfl( .lie would liavo spared- some.of his ooui i 'plimonts. Whatever little he had beori allied I do had been appreciated. ainl.bc wasoxccedingl ! iGfld, to think. tliatitlio 'gentlemen present, wh hair .followed his public 'career, ' aiid- know lli rijfiyn.'ri 'lifri. ' wdre'.'iriepariid" to cridofso tli' 1 HA(fcWti(.toriri.riiri'\ylri'ch' Ciiplnin "lIuntor';hai (Clieers). Hri .was."rib\ riearirig"that pei'iod ivlidn lie iritenddil to 'inalii his bow to the public nnd retire. (Ci'ies of "no no.") His wisritvnsitb'bee'yriurigei' and stronge fu'on reilrcspitfiH the), distriot, but qo long1 a'a Iii iviis thoir'i-iipresbritativd lie' would do the' host Iii could. He did feol that youth, and strciigt! \yri6''a'lgrefttieli)irioriit of snccess'.'hrid ho .woulc like ' to - sec ''Rockliairiptpri represented by mei with those qualities'. : Tli'e time when he sh'ouli retire-'woiildj-'soon amve,' and he would leavl ptibliciife with'agi-bater- pleasure in thinkinj that lib carried with 'him- the1 estccui whicl 'thby hnd ffiseri" pleased to bxprbss that 'day (Londchcors): "i . ' .-.in- ,i The party then got on board the' trail again, and i-cturnedrtp the North Rockhamp tfin iStatlon. wliere'they arrivcdiht 4 o'clock iShbrtljr -af tor1 their rirrival, -tlio 'bxririrsior train, loaded with passengers left for tli'i Park. " i A f - .' . :. I' We woro not siipplied witli'ari- official iisf of those present at the opening, which titosi gentlemen whoso names do not appear must aoeopt as an apology. The following are i few.of tlie names Tho Rev. Dr. Hay,. th< Rev. W. A/'Diggens, thb Rev. R. Hartley, tho Rev. Fqtlier McUonougli, Mr. Kelly Clpiirmau, of tlie Chamber of Cqmuieroe, Dr Mivcdonald, Dr) Vo8s, Messrs) 'F. Morgan, Stopliouspn, 'JVood,! T. T, /Eriurijsb, .B.' Fahojf, T. K. Higso'n.Eittlo, Bertram, R.' RjUawbaru Drape, Foulkeri. J. A.. Gavin, It. L) Dilidiri Nobbs, Bream. A-,.Rbid, White, (Cornet Downs), P. F. Mac'dqnald, Ciiptiiin Syltos, G. W, Yourig) Taylor) "A., .Anderson, ,',G.' H Shaw, Colonel Wilhrahnin, E. L. Ilpdria, W Burns, &o;„ Ac. t " ., . 