AGRICULTURAL NOTES. Only a few scattered Bhovrers have fallen dutiog the pft8t week, although the weather has frequently presented that threatening ap pearance which has so frequently been ob served in the past, and from which the deairei reeult has not been obtained. The soil being in capital condition for ploughing after the recent rains many farmers »ho had finished their harvesting have been busily engaged in tuinicg up the ground, in the hope of securing a better return for their labor next season than that which rewarded their efforts in the past season. Elsewhere we publish the first instal ment ot our harveat returns for 1883 9; Referring to the rains which followed the dreary period of drought in Victoria and utbered in the new year, the Melbourne Leader says : — An average of three inches or nearly must have fallen over the whole of the colony, representing an immense body of water, which baa done a considerable amount of harm in various places, though most of all in the CUstle maine district. Injury to the harveat was also caused in all the later districts, and to etacks in various others, where farmers, sb is occasionally their wont (more's the pity), had not made proper provision against a rainy day. On the other band, the benefits to result will be very great ; the soil got such a soaking that there will be time for good crops of grass to. grow before the moisture can be evaporated. The later crops of potatoes, as well aa mangels and other roots, sorghum, maiza, hops, onions, tobacco, garden and other crops will be enabled to britjg their .products to perfection. Grape vines that were just on the verge of suffering from want of water will now swell their fruit, and a good vintage is in prospect. Another benefit is that the bush fires were quenched, and it may be hoped will not recur during the season. Farmers will also be able to plough their land in preparation for the crops of nest season, and may even put in a crop of rape for cattle feed or green manure. After the drought in Tasmania, which proved too much for some of the crops, aa they were beginning to shrivel up, a welcome rain came, which gave them a new lease of life, and filled out the grain in the crops which had only commenced to ripen somewhat prematurely, A arge amount of wheat has been cut for hay. This is partly due to the injury cauaed by frost and partly to the fact that a high price is ex pected to be realised for fodder. It is stated that on the Government farm at Newtown there are five acres of Parple Straw wheat esti mated to yield 50 boshels .per acre on land manured with 3 cwt. of bonedust per acre. The crops of wheat and oata in the West Taieri district of New Zealand are described in the Advocate as 'looking simply magnificent.' That paper says:— 'They are a bit short for the time of the year, but strong and healthy, showing all the appearance of yielding abun dantly. If seasonable weather were to be now experienced, we believe that, the average yield would be equal to, if it did not surpass, that of last jear, bounteous though it was. We cannot say so much for the turnip and potato crop3, which appear to have suffered a;good deal from the cold weather, froBts, and heavy winds. However, it is quite possible that even these crops may turn out better than they look,' Speaking of the crops in South Canterbury the correspondent of the Lytldtqn Times says :— 'After taking everything into consideration, and granted a month or six weeks of such weather as is usual in New Zealand at this time of the year, we shall have a fair average yield orjgrain. Some places will yield abundantly, and others again not so good as former years. This, with high prices, wUl eive an impetus to the farming industry, which will float us into an era of prosperity.' Of the 'condition of the wheat plant in Great Britain the Mark Lane Express of De cember S writes : — ' Up to the present the rainfall has not been in exsess of the require ments of the land. The soil has been consoli dated about -the roots of the autumn-sown plants, which are now, one and all, in a good position to withstand frosts. The temperature has continued abnormally, high for the time of year, although there have been. snowstorms in the north and a temporary euiden fall ot the thermometer in the south,' ;and electrical phe nomena have occurred in several districts. The young wheats grow very fast, and show a healthy and regular plant, some of the earlier sown fields presenting a verdant appearance. Nevertheless, they are none too forward for the time of year, as the earliest sowings were later than usual. A spell of frosty weather would probably be of service to them later on.' Here is an extract from the Melbourne Leader, which should convey a valuable lesson to those farmers who have not taken ad vantage of the opportunities afforded them of providing storage for such rains as those with which we were favored at jthe commencement of the year: — ' It is to be hoped that the ex perience of the past season will have taught the farmers a lesson by which they will profit in regard to the conservation of water. The land throughout the colony has been covered with water to a depth of 2 to 4 inches, and ho sv little of it has been conserved ? It may bs questioned whether advantage has been taken of the drought tc enlarge the reservoirs or even to clear them out by more than one in ten of tbe farmers of the colony. One farmer, Mr. Andrew, of Yangardook, states that his reser voir could have been filled five times by a single thunderstorm. Instead of conBtruc'ingre eervoirs capable of holding a million of gallons, mere holes are made that hold only a few thou sands, which dry up in two or three months of drought, whereas, as there is no certainty that every second year may not be cae of drought, water should be provided accordingly. Last year, about this time, sufficient rain fell to last till now had there been reservoirs of suffi cient size to contain it, the making of which would have been repaid by the saving of labor in carting and injury to stock,' On covering the manure-heap, the following paragraph appears in ' ' Field and Dairy' in the Australasian:—' There is no more common or self-evident axiom of farming than that which establishes the importance of covering the manure-heap, but at the same time a covered manure-heap is one of the rarest things to be found on colonial farms. That the rains whbh cause dark-colored liquids to run from the heap, and the sun's heat which promotes 'evaporation from the wet mass, are extracting the itost valuable parts of the manure no one would deny, but while these effects are the more powerful in our hot climate, out collec tions of farmyard refuse are generally a* ex posed as a bleaching-ground. Experiments have long ago proved that what common sense teaches is the truth in this matter, but the manure-heaps continue to He out under the weather. As it seems to be difficult to employ labor in covering the heap, it might be practi cable to make a covering of the manured land. By carrying the manure as soon aa collected to the fallow and ploughing it in it would be covered in an effectual way, and the work done would pay for itself by the advantage which the land would receive from the cultivation. We are finding out how important surface stir ring is in order to keep the moisture ia the soil. By cultivation we could at the same time cover and retain .both the moisture and the manure.' Some of the farmers in the Hunter River district, according to the Sydney Mail, pack their hay in a disreputable- manner. That paper says :—' There is a section of the hay growers who for years have made it a practice to send lucern hay which ia rougianly packed, or packed in such a manner aa to deceive pur chasers as to the quantity and quality of the article offered for sale. We all know what an easy matter it iB to place rubbish ia the ordi nary bale which posses as laoern hay. It is about 4 feet or 5 feet long, and almost as wide and deep. It weighs about 800 lb,, and comss ont of a vertical press. What u easier than to place come good hay at the bottom and top. and place all kinds of rubbish in the centre ? Packers are sometimes Dot satisfied with the profits which low quality middles acd good quality tops and bottoms rc*y afford, and load up the packages with masses of uselees timber ; instead of placing a few light battens under the hoops they put timber suf ficiently heavy for post-and-rail fencing. A dairyman who writes recently complaining of . this practice, states that he had as much as 120 lb, of timber on one bale. Again, it some times happens that the buyer purchases, instead of good hay, fowl droppings or other masses of damp material, all of which are liable to injars or possibly kill the stock to which the h»y is fad. No kind of food is more dangerous than mouldy hay. It causes the death yearly of hundreds of valuable animals ; yet we have seen bales of hay from the Hunter River which when placed in the fodder store proved to be mouldy almost from top to bottom, It had either been paoked too green or — worse fault «till— watered as it was plaoed in the press. A. very simple method has (says the Vic torian Farmert' Gazette) been discovered for rendering posts of fences proof against tbe ravages of bush fires, a&I; several aglaetorsia tbe north-west h&ve; recently tested its value with great success. It ia as f olio ws :— Before erecting the fence soak the posts for 2 1 hours ill a large trough or other vessel containing a eofsttion'of alum in the proportion of 1 oz. to the gallon of water. It will then be found that the fire has no effect upon the wood. Thus in the co3e of posts and wire only the bush fires could burn all round them without the least fear ot damage, as the soaking renders the posts perfetSy fireproof for all time. _ We have frequently hpatd of the inferior animals having a premonition of storms and floods. On this surged the St. Arnvud Mercury eays:-'The .?«*» »%*»}? ..Soine time in the year 1887 we o-e^ attention to the fact that the ants were nzig^tmg from their abodes in the low-lying lands ti? nigner ground, and predicted that it was a e^re sign of heavy rain or floods. Those of o. , readers who remember the paragraph will also remember its truthfulness. We mieht state that millions of ants were to be seen on Monday morning laet coming out of their bed on rather high ground and ascending a chimney in the locality, around the top of which they began to house themselves, and where they were scalded to death by shovel fuls.' The prevalent belief among farmers that a change of seed is beneficial and that the best seed is brought from a colder climate has been proved (says a New York paper) by tests male at the Canadian experimental farm at Ottawa. The vitality or germinating ability of wheat brought from Manitoba was found to be 96 per cent., and oats S5 per cent , as against 72, 73, and 65 per cent, respectively of seed procured in the eastern provinces of Canada. This fact has a rnost important significance in regard to the choice of seed. The average yield of cats in the Southern States is 20 to 25 bushels per acre of Brain, weighing 24 to 2S pounds per bushel, and this low yield is due, in a great measure, to the use of seed of this inferior character. Where oats imported from Scotland and weighing 51 lb. per bushel have been sown in a Southern state the yield was over 60 bushels per acre measured, and the grain was nearly as plump and hearty as tbe seed used. The same will no doubt apply to the Southern wheat, of which the average yield is no more than 7 bushels par acre. Mucn the same occutb in the Northern and Western states, and, indeed, everywhere that seed ia used from cropB grown in the locality and without selec tion, A change of seed produces more vigorous and productive crops, and the grain necessarily poBBesEes superior vitality, HovmtU's Dairyman says : — Ia every country are found farmers who will patiently and eacrificingly raise a scrub steer until it is two or three years old, and sell it for £3 or £4. The Christian patience and resignationof these men in thus.: punishing their pockets; themselves, and their families, with never a word of complaint, beats the world. And there is another class that will raise a scrub heifer where cot one in a hundred will ever yield over 150 lb. of butter in a year, and then milk her for years. Just think of it. The first class get rid of the steer some time ; the others Btay right by their misfortune for years, and you can hardly drive them from it. We have heard that a horse can hardly be driven out of a burning stable ; but he is only a horse, you know. But that an ordinary intelligent thinking farmer should of choice buy a ecrub steer or grade male and thus keep at the work of diluting instead of strengthen ing the blood of his herd beats the frightened hoiae all hollow. 