||tftal states. We learn that the Spring Hill pro- perty has been withdrawn from sale temporarily. An alligator was seen cruising about in the neighborhood of the ship's jetty on Sunday last. Mr. J. G. Knight, our Exhibition Commissioner, is to return to the Terri- tory by the s.s. Airlie. The champion sculler Searle will have both O'Connor and Teemer to meet on the Thames in August. Messrs. Warren and Mundey, the recently arrived mining experts, left Palmerston for the country some days ago. " At the meeting of the Race Committee on Tuesday evening it was decided to üx on Saturday, 20th July, for race day. Thc programme appears in our advertis- ing columns. The rumour that the steamer Afghan was leaving Hongkong for Port Darwin on the 7th appears to have been un founded, as that vessel has not yet turned up here. Our Onion correspondent -notifies th( result of a crushing froin' Barnes «J Montague's (tributers) claim, the yielc of which was 122oz lddwts retorted gold from 13 tons stone. Kot bad, that if it can be kept going. It is worthy of note that at thi present time there are quite a dozei crushing batteries at work in the mininj districts of the Northern Territory, ant at least three others are on the wa] here. A further item of revenue, amountinj to ¿£177, has been collected down tin coast from Malays engaged in the trc pang trade. The contributing proa were three in number, and their reasoi for not paying the duties at the usus time supports the theory Upon which th steamer Adelaide was chartered som time ago on behalf of the Custom Department. They state that they firs attempted to reach our western coasl but were unable to do so ; that the then sailed to the eastward, where al the proas met with great success. Af te filling up with trepang they ran int Bowen Straits and paid the necessar duties. At the Pine Creek Police Court two Chinese were charged with larceny, but the prosecutor failed to put in an appear ance. A charge of vagrancy was aftei wards proved against the prisoners, who were sent to Fannie Bay Gaol for a term of two months. One of the vagabonds has evidently had a little prison exper ience in Queensland, for he openly stated his approval of the difference between the luxurious hammocks at Fannie Bay and the hard board "beds" provided at St. Helena. As soon as our gaol is populated with vagrants of this kind we propose to advocate for the abolition of guards, because then there would be no danger of prisoners attempting to escape. Mr. A. D. Gore's latest suggestion rich in novelty if nothing else. E passes over Europeans, Chinese and Hi Majesty's Indians, and urges the .tri: of Javanese for the development of ot mineral industry, subject to the sanctic of the Government. It has often bee proposed to utilise this class of labour i agricultural pursuits, but never befoi as miners, and we don't think tl South Australian Government will e hibit the degree of insanity required ' practically' illustrate Mr. Gore's theor At present our small population is extr ordinarily miscellaneous, with Chines Malays, Japanese, Cingalese and Tami competing inlthe labour market Gb us now a thousand or two Javane miners, a batch of South Sea Islandei a few hundred Maoris, and some Amei can Indians and the Northern Territoi might pose as the champion cosmopol tau country of the universe. Among the Northern Territory e: hibits in the display contributed by tl Commercial Bank of Australia at tl Melbourne Exhibition was a parcel < quartz weighing 15cwt.r from Jo! Dutton's Excelsior claim at Bridj Creek, which on being crushed after tl closing of the Exhibition, ¿.produced J thc rate of over five ounces to the toi This would hayejbeen much augment* had it not been for an unfortunate mi understanding^ by which two boxe weighing lOOlbs of stone picked fro the bulk parcel becausé of its richnei and for better safety'in transit, we: separated from the large lot and omitte from the crushing. Mr. Dutto estimates that had tho whole quantit been treated together the result woul have been from 25 to 30 ounces per toi Some of the richer specimens, of this co lection were exhibited at the loci Mining Exchange and attracted muc attention at the time, On Wednesday the proprietors of this paper were officially informed that from the 1st June next the "Government Gazette " of the Northern Territory will be published in the NORTH AUSTRALIAN. The last fortnightly escort, which arrived on Wednesday, shows a very satisfactory- increase on late previous returns. The, total of gold sent down amounts to 401 ounces. Tobacco cultivation is expected to give good results this season at Mr. Otto Brandt's Shoal Bay Plantation. From eight to nine acres are planted, and at present the weed looks very promising. Joe Flick, the half-caste who is wait- ing to be sent to Queensland, was again brought up at the Police Court on Tues- day on remand, and again remanded for seven days. This will be kept going until the extradition warrant arrives, A Chinaman named Kung Sing was charged at the Palmerston Police Court on Saturday lost with having on the 9th instant, at the Howley, stolen a cheque for £12 5s, the property of Charles Tra boldt. Prisoner was remanded till May 4th. A Chinaman died suddenly in China Town at 3 o'clock on Sunday morning. Some peculiar rumours were attached to his decease, but the inquest subse- quently held failed to disclose anything more sensational than that the deceased felt pains in the stomach shortly beforo death occurred. The China tea season being now about to commence, it is probable that the trading steamers will call here still more irregularly than they are doing at pre- sent. We have been informed by Messrs. Aplin, Brown à Co. that the s.s. Changsha is going- direct to China, and that there will be no vessel of that line from the south for several weeks. The first revenue ever. collected at Charlotte Waters fdr the Northern Territory, was received last week by Mr. Searcy. The amount is small, but it is better that we should have it than that South Australia should keep on robbing us of our dues; especially as she now charges £2000 a year for managing (?) our affairs. Early in the week the Government Resident paid a visit to the Quarantine Ground on Channel Island for the pur- pose of inspecting the buildings. These were-found to be in good repair with the exception of the fumigating house, which has been damaged a good deal by the rains. Instructions haye been (given to have the ground round the buildings cleared so as td'.preyent their being de- molished by bush;fires.., We believe that the Chinese purpose initiating shortly a scheme for providing a system of "jinrickshaws " for Palmer- ston after the style which prevails in Eastern cities. A specimen of the 'rickshaw may now be seen in China Town, and if the idea is carried into practical effect, it goes without saying that the chair coolies will receive many shillings in exchange for the novelty of being carried to wherever persons desire to go. Shortly before the steamer Taiyuar arrived here a slight row occurred or board between the sailors and firemer over a point of duty. The1 men armec themselves with brooms^, shovels) one other instruments of warfare, but whih they were priming themselves with tin usual Chinese yabbering the Captaii suddenly stopped proceedings by seizing and marching off the. ringleader. Th< row was quickly ended, and. nothing serious arose out of it, though one of thi riotous Chinamen received, some verj severe cuts about the head and face. On Wednesday last, Mrs. Pett took advantage of the Easter vacation to arrange a picnic for the children attend ing the State School. The youngsters were driven out to one of our many nice beaches, where, to judge by the merry humour in which they returned to their homes, they must have enjoyed them selves immensely. While admiring the kindness of Mrs. Pett in being as thoughtful for the happiness of the scholars, we regret that her intention were not generally known, for had they been so, there is not tho slightest doubt that the public would haye warmly sup ported her in providing the treat. The machinery brought out by Mi Alberts for.the Union and Pine Creel mines in which he is interested consist of three engines; boilers, and a larg quantity of other material for making : start. This was forwarded to the Unio on Tuesday iu charge of the engined A crushing mill oh the most improve American roller pattern is now on th way from San Francisco, and of thi machine it is said that it not only cost infinitely less than the Huntingden, bu is much easier worked, does its wor faster and better, is far less liable t get out of order, and can be erecte without expensive framework or fount ations. The machines are said to I strogly put together and simple, bu very effective. Mr. Alberts leaves fo the Union by to-day's train, and ho aj pears to bc determined to make thing move on behalf of the companies whic he represents. Tn view of the forthcoming Parlii mentary election being [of peculia importance to the Northern Territory^ i is fitting that we should endeavour-t have the polling made as complete s possible. Under the new Act, pollin places aro provided for at Yam Creel Burrundie, Pine Creek, Tho Katherim Borroloola, Alice Springs, and Dal River Mines ; but this is by no means complete list of eligible places, an before election time comes we hope, t have Maude Creek, Eveleen, Howlej and the Union added, lt would b absurd to omit such parts altogeth.ei Maude Creek hás á large, population < its own, but very few would walk.tl 14 miles into thc Katherine - to. recor their vote,; and with respect to the Ho ^ ley, this district might be made to eu brace the Adelaide River, No.-1 Depo and Bridge Creek, which; combine* would represent a very numerous lot t voters. We hope that the Góvernmei: Resident will take prompt steps to ha* the Act altered .so as to include i\ places mentioned. * V '' 