THREATENED BUSH-FIRIS. The Minister of fiui.ls desires to draw attention to tho following impirtant rejxirt and IU warning from Mr lly. Dudly, Crown Liii'l Rnililf. at Cliarltont— "8ra— Insve Iks honor to call your atten tion to thr grrat danger ot cxtrnalir buth lire tiu-tn will In in tfar North W«atero Dis trict during tho next frw ironthv 1 h«v« ken stationed hire nrsrlo tweUo years, ami liefer saw such trawls qusntities ot' dry herbage oa the LbtL The crops throughout my district look tnagaifiot&L; hut should a bush Die oneo gvb n good start the esLinity woslff not only b« loesl, but luthuul, would beg to suffgMS tl»| th.- iitiblic tx> cautioned through tho 1'rera r» gurding this rasttsr, ami that tho police bo itistruvtrd to do anything in tbur power bn carry out the rrgulatlout sgaiust the carulraa Tlio Minister will at one© act ou thu tug- gc.ti<ni of Mr Dudly, At the Carlton Poller Cnnrt this tnornfajr a mhtdle sgi<l man, named John Lawlor, wm charged with < mix tiling thu sum oILSlBa lb. money of Ihraaid Dinsiu, the wet! known athlete, on tbo 3rd Inst, Prosecutor, who Let; a Uiery stable, stated that lb man was »ini.lvyed as a groom by bltn on th- 6th iuaL, . and prisoner rrcWrd L313a (or tho hire of , bnegy (rem a emtoinrr, which bo foiled to paw' him. Prisoner's defenoo «u thai Dmnic owed him six weeks' wans and tbal bo kepi t; the money to |iar tibnseR. Tbo cbsrgu was altered to onenf larctuy saw aervanw The Bench sent the prisoner to gaol for cna month. , The wonderful cordis!, Wolle'a fichnaft,' wni dn»e away all ptqsloal allmenU, Hoottower tkup-tls akoellaot laltNwio . and eteamlng proiwitUs aradu to purity ol ntUrhlt tow tor. J. KlUBetfaod Hons and Apollo CaJ tYolle's ficbeapm taken oecaslonallr Is anadtalri' the " liutnsn sittera will he hraeed iin axaln«t c tb« well known tonic, WolfeV bchfuppe. Ilr the u»e of tlat admlrahle stlnmlanL Wolfo'e ficbcspps, your bit wilt be lengthened.. ' The uster down in'hte bed of ooce, W.Vrd <rilh » ««. from hi. e»oU».noMfc 0|«am) bt. <ti.ll, .till mid wi.h'a y.tni '' 1 1"' .l'« «ur -twoo of rahtyl. cu„., tfioHr rb». «lir«y« i> wwd by lhi l.ttlr It ' Am! I kmiw, by. th. kral oCthll tiidrara: sloop, - - Tb« ««nn ot us shortly will bo in thr . - Diary had a little Umts 4 ij -r 8bo haablm now no longer, made dlakVap into o-llndr ' To tnakft her mtidp atvonier.- - Tho besl throw with the dice— tiuuw the jv away. pv 