[?] t. !" : ?-i - -fs > '# 1 ."a r. /; In;aclevejr|itttebB(Kdiiira latriy giren to ifie aufitee, «% ja|Lav pi - BritipnteiweaBiaicfal Vnnd \etAAeJ4lp':. auus bigh, fqr. ih his short-conrise treatise, he endeavours torth .theory ot tne iorma- ' ;#|i»O80 in Austnrliar Jid to give an explanatron of the real cause of des«th thrireby indicating tew fur it iuay- bebome passible to work agaiast, imd MTiyittttefe'' eventually overcome, ithB evil tff dreught." If bis theory ami remedy are .coiTeefc, 'i3puih Afric«, which ga Lr» of drtuighta as welt as Australia, o uglit to wofit by Mr. Yelschowo obairvations. . . . But he is not l»y Buy means the first writer who has proXH3Hded ihe /'general principle'' f "that absence of vegetable! if e is tlie real eause of absence of ram," though he seems to think j that in 00 -saying he will " hardly find many -; followers." Indeed one might almost 6ay the Idea is as old -as the tills. - One "way ancient writer, Critias (about 6O0 B.C.) speaks of the ''sickness ot a country in consequence of de- , forestaiion;," and more than 300 years ago, Fernando Colon declared that " the rains in Midoira mid the Canaries had become rarer since the trees had been cut down." Humboldt and many others have given forth their notes of warning- — alas I too orten unheeded— with the consequence that, on ac count of the destruction of limber, vast ; countries axe subject to drought. ! This has not always been the work of the ; European settler only.- Ia Southern Africa, we - know that the natives have a regular season for. setting fire to the long rank grass which grows ia Kaffraria aad tte different parte of the vari ous colonies and states, thereby frequently injur ing large tracts of forest land ; and this custom «... Wnf »n Kn Oio inflr Tiiitrh Unera: also ff 4cv AVjV MJ wav — V - that of chopping down all the mimosas, the thorny branches of which they use to make their sheep and cattle kraals. Dr. J. Oomhie Brown, when Government botanist at the Gape of Good Hope, studied the subject deeply, and in his work upon the _ "Hydrology of South Africa," says, speaking of bush- fires : — " In this way does the destruction, of forests by fire tend to promote the desiccation of a country so far by combustion, and further by exposure of the humus to decomposition by the 6un's rays destroying one of - the constituents of the soil, which exercises great retentive power on its moisture." . And, again, in his book on " Forests and Moisture, or Effects of Forests on Humidity of Chmate," hesaysr "There are cases in which an extensive destruction of forest has been followed by a marked desiccation of soil and aridity of climate, and some cases in which the replanting of trees has been followed i >y a more or less complete restoration of j r humidity ; or the planting of trees where there were none has been followed by a degree of I humidity greatly in excess of what had pre viously been observed." - But South African writers upon this subject are too many to be enumerated. In a little book, written several yearis ago, "Tlie Farm in the Karoo," the chapter upon Karoo Deserts takes up the subject, also quoting a paper that Mr. C. Brown had read before the British Association at Clifton. Mr. Velschow'e chapters on what he calls the " air-cushion " are very interesting, and give a reason for that most distressing phenomenon we so often, used to observe in Southern Africa hi times of drought, namely, the coming up of clouds evidenuy well charged with moisture, and their gradual dispersion without apparently bursting or leaving a single drop of rain. We have lived in the Karoo during a .severe drought, when not only every blade of grass had long disappeared, and every leaf and twig of the Karoo bushes had followed, but the very stems and stalks of the plants were barked by the hungry, starving sheep and goats ; and well do we remember our all rushing out of the house in answer to the cry, "There is a small cloud coming up from the sea." Egw we watched that cloud ! It came on steadily till it was nearly over our heads.. Surely it would descend in a copious shower, for its aerial voyage was at an end, and it seemed stationary. Alas, although the cloud did not move on further, all the same it was soon gone, and not a drop of rain had fallen on any portion of that thirsty land. It only rained in the clouds, and went towards helping to saturate what Mr. Velschow calls the " air-cushion." He says : " The sky over the inner plains of Australia is generally for weeks covered with clouds before rain ultimately sets in after a drought ; and during this time, the clouds are constantly engaged in discharging moisture, until the air cushion at last becomes saturated. Then the clouds no longer discharge moisture into the air, but on the earth's surface itself." Thus showing that if the riear transparent air just above the earth were moistened by the evaporation from vege tation or forest-trees, the rain clouds, would pass through the air-cushion by amalgamating with the moisture already therein. This is the reason of our haying such great floods of rain after a drought in South Africa, . when rivers are frequently rendered pnpassable . for several days at a time. The water is there, although we do not see it; and when at last the air-cushion is broken into by some powerful elec tric disturbance. it tells to the earth in torrents so abundant that rivers rise to a height of : 40ft. and even 70ft. above their usual level ; the greater sari of t.he water rnsSiin? awav at. once to. the sea, a. comparatively small quantity being saved by dams and reservoirs. \- The application 01 the theory in a practical form is, that when the land becomes cultivated and clothed with cornfields, vineyards, hop- grounds, and orchards, as well as having the forest-lands continually renewed, the rain-clouds attracted by the evaporation which will inevi tably ascend from all such growth will be con stantly distilling as rains the moisture tokan up from the ocean, thus preventing the great air- cushion from ever becoming so dry and water less than in satisfying its own great thirst, the dire disaster of drought is frit all through the land. ' 