DISCOVERY OF HUMAN REMAINS NEAR ORAVENVILLE. A lad in the employ of Mr H. Waugh, of Lucy vale Station, while out on the ran tailing sheep en Sauday last, came across a human skull, which lay bleacb- mg id the sun, reports the Upper Murray " Herald." The place where the dis covery was made is about three miles from Mildreu's Hotel, Cravenville. The lad failed to find any farther remains — perhaps he became too excited to insti tute a thorough search — and the skull was removed to the Cravenville Hotel, whenee Mr Mildren, the mailman, brought it to Tallangatta on Monday afternoon, and banded it over to the officer in charge of the local police station. Owing to the absence from town of the resident medical man, who might have been able to throw some light ou the matter, no definite ideas could be obtained as to whether the skull was that of an aboriginal or other wise; neither could the probable age of the person to whom it belonged in life be determined ; and no expert in anatomy was able to judge, by tbe appearance of the osseous cranial frag ment of what was once a human being, how long since it had had existence in life. Id the opinion of several lay minds, however, the skull must have been exposed to the elements for a great number of years. The relic of humanity is of rather small proportions ; the frontal bone is narrow and retreating ; but the back of the head is very full and promi nent. The lower jaw is missing ; and from the upper one four molar teeth are tost, two from each side. The right side of the head is blackened, the dis- colorafcion beiog probably attributable to the action of bush-fires. The sex (male) of tbe person who in life invested the bones has been established, and it- has also turned out that tho person was not an aboriginal. The remainder of the skeleton was discovered some distance from the spot where tho skull was found. Tho remains must have been exposed for many years, as the clothing, which appeared of tbe kind worn by miners, was completely mouldered. Nothing was found to establish tbe identity of the deceased. Anything further will probably for ever remain beyond human ken. 