INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE, December 24. Professor Bartholomew has accom plished a successful balloon ascent to four thousand feet and a parachute descent. The Mercantile Finance and Trustee Agency Company has declared a dividend of 30 per cent. and a Bonus of 16s. per share. SYDNEY, December 24. Severe weather is reported from the South-Eastern corner of the colony. Thousands of sheep have been killed, owing to a heavy fall of snow. In the cricket match, the New South Wales eleven in their first innings, made 342, and the Australians, 254 in their first innings and 128 for one wicket in their second innings. ADELAIDE, Wednesday. A long letter appears in the Register, signed "Western Australian Colonist," and supposed to be written by Mr. Leake, warmly defending Sir F. N. Broome and slaughtering Messrs. Onslow and Hensman. The Premier has received a tele gram confirming the appointment of the Earl of Kintore as Governor. Broken Hill shares are quoted at £298. MELBOURNE, Dec. 26. A shocking murder at Camberwell occurred to-day. John Anglin shot his wife dead. They had been living apart for two years, owing to the rough treatment of deceased by the husband who was insanely jealous of her. Anglin also shot his brother-in-law, Rhodes, at whose house his wife was staying at the time. The shot, how ever, only broke Rhodes' arm. Anglin has since delivered himself to the police. In the Intercolonial Cricket Match, Victoria v. South Australia, the former in their first innings, made 181 ; the latter scored 81 for three wickets. SYDNEY, Dec. 26. Splendid cool holiday weather prevails. A family hotel at Churchill has been burnt to the ground, and two young men, boarders, were burned to death. ADELAIDE, Dec. 26. Christmas day proved the hottest day ever known in South Australia ; the thermometer reaching 107 deg. in the shade. The American base-ballers have arrived and been warmly welcomed. They intend playing to-day, as also does Professor Bartholomew. The Stock Exchange remains closed until January 2. MELBOURNE, December 28. The South Australians in their first innings, made 270 ; the Victorians in their second innings made 40 for four wickets, of which Geo. Griffin made 35. A verdict of wilful murder has been returned against Anglin for shooting his wife, and he has been committed for trial. Serious bushfires have occurred in the Avoca district. 20,000 acres of grass have been burnt, and the fire is now nearing the township. SYDNEY, December 28. The Royal Commission appointed to enquire into the tramway cases of bribery, commence their duties on the 4th of January. A special sitting of the Full Court is being held to-day for the purpose of considering the petition for writ of error in Louisa Collins' case. ADELAIDE, December 28. To-day is a public holiday, being the fifty-second anniversary of the foundation of the Colony. Excessive heat still prevails. The American base-ballers played yesterday, Chicago scoring 13. Bartholomew, aeronaut, made a sensational parachute leap from his balloon, from an altitude of three thousand feet. MELBOURNE, Dec. 29. Five fatal cases of typhoid have been reported since last Monday. The Victorians in their second inn ings, made 192 ; the South Australians have made 56 for five wickets. SYDNEY, Dec. 29. The appeal to the Full Court against the conviction of Louisa Collins for murder, has been dismissed ; their Honors expressing the conviction, that the case against the prisoner could not be clearer. A great scarcity of labor is felt in the shipping trade. At the inquest on the fire at the Family Hotel, no light was thrown on the origin of the conflagration. BRISBANE, Dec. 29. Three men while drunk, commenced quarrelling in a small punt to-day, which capsized, and all three were drowned. ADELAIDE, Saturday. A change in the weather has set in and light rains have fallen. Mr. Thos. Ward, late city coroner, died yesterday ; aged 73. The American baseballers left yes terday for Melbourne. Professor Bartholomew has made a second successful balloon ascent. The R.M.S. Parramatta leaves for Albany on Monday. 