OUR AGRICULTURAL LETTER. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) The phenomenal abundance of vegetable growths of every description, coupled to the near approach of the season when heat and drought may be expected, are circumstances indicating the necessity for ex treme carefulness in taking all pos sible precautions against bushlires. In Riverina groups of farmers and graziers here and there are forming bush-fire brigades, to be ready if necessary to ride long dis tances in order to render assistance in case of any outbreak. The propriety of farmers and graziers everywhere adopting some plan of the kind seems self-evident. Crop news from almost everywhere continues fairly favorable. Rust has made its appearance amongst the wheat in some localities; but so far the damage done is not very serious, and for the future we can only hope for the best. There is naturally much anxiety about the future of the wheat market. As we shall certainly have command, after harvest, of an abundance which will necessitate exportation to Europe, the local price will bo regulated by prices in the markets of the world. I maintain that wheat from A r ictoria can be laid down in London at as low a figure as wheat from any country in the world. A good deal of rubbish is talked and written about wheat in India costing oniy KM per bushel, and in Russia very little more, with illimitable scope for production, but in such wild statements there is always something left out which would alter the conditions materially. The Parliamentary session is closed, and now regulations have to be framed for the distribution of the bonus for fruit- growing, and much detail has as }'et to be defined regarding the way in which the various irrigation schemes are to be organised and worked. Par liament being in recess Ministers will have a free hand, and what they do will require careful scrutiny. Ministers cannot be charged with un friendliness towards farming interests, but they are pliant alike to supporters and opponents, and in any case where the choice lies between farming inte rests and securing support from influ ential friends or foes farming interests will go to the wall. The Parliamentary trip to the Dookie farm and agricultural college last week has naturally directed public attention rather strongly to that insti tution, and it bears the scrutiny w T eil. The farm and college are now paying well. The Parliamentary visitors on their return expressed themselves delighted with what they saw at Dookie. A 60 acre paddock of Stein wedel wheat was first inspected. The crop was sown in the end of May, and is now fully a fortnight nearer maturity than any other wheat on the farm. The estimated yield of the Steinwedel wheat this year is 30 bushels per acre. The visitors next inspected some maize grown after the American system, that in drills three feet apart. This system permits of cross cultivation with harrows or other implements, 