THE VALLEY OF DEATH. Two mob aro standiug on the bank of A small creek juimipg through barren stony I ridges; The h'pat is intense, the son is almost verti .diil, ana Ihescanty motionless loaves oftlie stunted trees afford scarcelya, hands-breath; of shade, tl^ope if a doll rqdhaie over every tiling, as though the sun wib shining through' the smoke .of a. bnsh fire; and every now' and ,then opn .be heard a mattered growl, like distant thunder. ; •• The men aire dresRe^ in rough, olay s^inedclotUea.andaree^idbatlyiproapeo jj tpw^^,Tljeylh^ye'. been, iuspeotinga prospect in a tin dishV obtained by dry-blowing, and after a short, Bilenoe,. thp;;..elder,, a grey iieaded'man, turns.away and^ begins to gather sticks for ii fire, liis cdmpatiiouleaps iritd' t]i'e bed' of th'e gully, und begins Mosaick ing with his sheath'-knifa &t; the' bottom of a shallow hole. , .. i About, half an hour, ho isVealled 'by his mate, aud. the two men sit down to their mid-day meal with a' gOod appetite 'In Bpite ofthe Htifling heat... . "Well,'' says the younger man; " what is the order of the day" «• Aft depeiids on the-weather my boy," replies his companion ; " if the rain comes we'll shift out here, I thiuk ; if it dosen't, we must wait till it does in our old camp, where there's a bit of feed for the horses. , Strikes me we shall get it pretty heavy directly! 1 don't think I ever, felt it hotter, and that' thunder is coming nearer by the sound of it." • i . " Yes, we may as well get baok to camp, and make everything taut. If you'll get up the horses, I'll pack, up.'' The younger man'pioked uphis bridle and went down the gully, whilst the elder busied himself with packing up the .rations, ko. Once or twice; he stopped' and listeued in tently,- as though at some unexpected sound. " Hear anything strange when you were down the creek ? " ho demanded or bid com panion when he returned with, the three horses. "No, not a sound. What, did you think you heard ?" " Something like a horse, away up tho gully." . " One of those big walleroos, I expect," suid bis mate. They make a great noise in these stony, barren ridges when they're dis turbed." • " Very, likely," waa the reply, and the; work of saidhug and packing up: waa!. soon completed. After the manner of buohmon both men turned to the dying fire to light their pipes before starting, when an unmis takable noise up the gully aroused this at tention of both. Whatever it was, it was routid a bend.a short distance off, and the oause was invisible. Both-men mounted; at once and rode up the gully, the j well trained pack-horse following like a dog. A few minutes solved the mystery ; . a librae in hobbles was picking his way down the bed of the gully, slipping and . ' scrambling amongst the rocks. He raisedhiaheadas the men turned the'bend, and with a. wild whinny of delight came olatteriug, gallop ing up to theni. ■ • " Where the deuce did you come frqjoa ?" remarked the elder man ; " you've had bad times anyhow." . ,. . '; ; And* he cortainly didlook as though he had been through bad times; his eyes were wild and staring, his 'flanks taoked up until he seemed to have; no loihB:; • his feet were out with the hobbles, and he was poor ! and sore- backed. But he had a game head, with a " never-say-die " look about it, ithat had evidently stuck /to him wellin his struggle through the. desert. * " Give him a little drink Ned, and per haps he'll follow us in," said the elder man. .■ . • ■ • Ned got off, and putting.the tin prospeot ing dish down, fillet); it twice from the canvas water-bags on the pack-horse. The stranger swallowed it down in two or three mighty, swallows, the other horses' looking enviously on at the1 appropriation." Ned then'took the bobbles off and mounted again. • i "Shall we run his tracks back?" be ■said. ' . r-. " Too late > to-day. He's come a good many miles in those long hobbles; let's get back to camp." ■ , . . v Thp' .party ,turned homeward, the,; new comer following close behind^', air though frightened of 'getting 'away from civilised companionship agaip.. - ■;( ■■ r.j-The camp^ was aiVifpiflll an3rrapidly de creasing iwaterhole in a gorge of a minor tributary in? the -Kimberley district. 1 Four men in all composed'the'prospeotirig .'party, and tHey were : nearly one nuhdred , miles away, fi;om.any maincamp. The finding of theilost horse naturally formed the topic of conversation-during most part of the nij-ht, and many conjectures were' hazarded with regard tohis strange appearance, as, so jfar as was known, the country in the direction he oam'e from waa an uninhabited waste. ' The two men who had disoovered him de termined to,devote two.or, three days to the solution of ■; the mystery ; so, v with.' fresh horses and well-filled water-bags, they made a start the next morning ; the stranger, who had Bomewhat.recovered his natural appear ance; during, .the..-.night, not heing -able to give any clue to his origin, for obvious rea sons. Saunders, the elderly mau, and bis com panion, Ned; reaohed'the gully pretty' early in the day, and had little difficulty in' fol lowing back on the track of the strange hprse. Fortbe first teti milcH it led them through tttigy conntrr.oovGredwith ■pinifex, utd otterly_.barren, and oseleis. Abont two hqnra before sipdowii,they emerged on . the * plateftO. frcim whioh they s had an exten»We'View~to the southward and west :ward.^'.' At their feet a bro*d; valley ran as far ksthey conld free, Wideuiag oat into flats aild basinsaa it1 Iprhdeeded.'1; AdoWa it they oonld trace the ,pourse of. a .'riverof i some suB. jndgihg hT tbe, heavy dark foliage and whitoiratki bT thei gam-traas (Sonsp'oions over the other sornbbj stunted trees:, Mot a sign of lift wnt to be seen, no smoke from burning countryto indicate tttS; presence of nativea; nttar solitude war the feigning eharacteristtVof the mene. Both men were Silent for some time with the natnrar taoi tnroity of the true bnshroahyuntil at 'last Sannders spoke don't suppose's there's any water there, or that horae ..wouM", not have,been sa. tuoked op ; however we can manage fo^io-ifight-^go ahead." The trail : took them down «; *ongh: tjpuri bliwtoil by a bush-fire someweeks old,, and tben; it ap parently came straight from, the! river. When theyreaohed the'bantrthfty palled up again, and t Saundera suggested that ohe should keeptothe bank; wliile the other fol 16wed the'traok, and ' if tlie'y came across, any good feed .they could ijcamp for , the abd full ofiislands and timber; the bed was saqd and 8hingl^;"perfis<otly dry, but showing;; in dieiktions of heavyfioddssweeping vdowu.!i| at tiroes. ; ■ t , - ■ . ..; , . • Ned went.alon^the, back;' Saundersfol lowed the' track of the horse in the river bed. They had; npt gone far ^when Ned heard hiscompanion call to him,' and on riding in.t^b direotion. found himat a shal 16\v hftle ^ordered with! green ieo'ds.; ■ The horses put down their heads but did not 'drink.'" • ...'. . *' ' . . .... " Salt ?,k asked Ned. ! : ; ! r ?' I shouid say so;" returned Saunders; «« the sea is a fool to it." The. strange horse evidently had been, delayed some time at the hole, forhiitraoks were everywhere about the sand. There was a little grass near at hand, and the two men'made hp their mind to camp, as; it was getting late.. ' ... When they had unpacked, Saunders took the shovel, and by digging a short distance below the pool'at the foot ofthe bank, ob tained a very fair supply of slightly blackish water, quite good enough for tbe horses. This relieved the men of all nnxiety, aud the next" morning tbey started, eager to investigate the new country "ahead of them. The river rati steadily south- west, aud was evidently running ' towards tlie interior. Thereiwas a iittle grass on;. the banks, but beyond it was allepinifex, and the gloomy mountains that bounded the' valley were rugged and:barren. It seemed evident that they must be Wearing their goal, as the horse oonld not ; have travelled much further in hobbles without water, and they1 had stuck to his trucks closely the whole way. ; Since leaving the salt pool there had boon, no sigu of water, ; riot abii'd had been visible the whole morning; all was silent and lifeless; some, very old marks of blacks' encamp ments wore to be seen, but nothing appar ently mote recent than a yoar or two. At noon they camped for a, spell, for the heat was1 intenseand as' tbey waited for their billy to.boil they discussed tho prbbnbi , lityof soon coming to where: the hor&i; must have started from. ' Suddenly ■ there wasv a • moving shadow acrosR. the glaring ground, aiid a ooupje of cro.ws" flighted on the tree overhead and ctiuuing.lv regarded the two men. Sauudera and Ned looked intelligently at each other as they marked thmr visitors ; it. «m evident they, were near the end of their journey.;' /.When ..theyV'atartod again the orowa, as is a habit 'of theirs, followed thorn up, flying from1 tree to tree; aome'tiines. ahead aud spinatimesibehind. In less than a mile .' they caiue upon -more horse tracks, two of theiii going back, aiidv-appareritly in hobbles, like - that ' of the • one - they found. At last they jreaclied a camp on the batik of the dry river, and half-a-dozen crows flew up from the ground as thoy rode up. A email teut had been rigged; and the white ashes of an old fire wa9 visible amongst the trod ; dengrass, but all was still, and it was with a feeling of horror that the. two men saw the reason. . On the ground by the dead fire lay the •body of aman, aud 'the fee tot another were visible projecting from the tnnfc; . the sriiall wad overpowering, hut the prospectors, over coming their repugnance, .dismounted < and • examined the corpses, f The man by the fire had been stabbed in several' places, and ho held .a revolverihhis h^.' ;;;Tl)4 corpse in' the tent' had beefr shot twice, and the sheath knife he still', clenched., had evidently been the weapon, tbat had !iMfiicted' the death ■ wounds on .the other ;l'tiis fiw'e\'^iis terrible discoloured arid bruiBed^bufcthe othsr man was not marked. The'camp' paraphernalia were scattered about.;! A further search re-. vealed a. damp-looking .depression in I the river sanfd; on digging.tiiey found a good supply of freeh water. 'Evidently; after the death of their masters; thie'liprsas had come; in,,tq g^t a dri^^and,.nobody/being there, , had sand: about! and. finally .started off to look for some.. - This.'accounted 'for'the' presence of . the one found, which had been,'making back to somo famili&r; camp^From,their equip ment, thp ^nen iwere . out prospecting; but whether the fatal fight-resulted flrom some long:B^ndinp grudge, or was the result of a sudden quarrel^n'o' witness "was alive to tell Saunders had-a theory of his own, deduced from the position and appearance of the bod ies. It was that there had been a quarrel, leading to blows, wherein'the'man~with the bruised faoe had received a' severe; thrashings thathehad afterwards stabbed his compan ion ffom behind,, and beeashot by the dying man. ~No.examination:of the camp afforded ; any other probable reason ^ there - were no witnesses, butthedumbhorses: so they hastily buried tlie two foes in one grave, and :stowed their effect's away preparatory to track ing up the other two horses. They found them some ten'miles lower down tbe river, at.a small hole of surface water,tbey having fared better than their mate who ra&ds; back to civilisation.1/ But Ned, who was an imaginative, youth, woke biscompamontup- that night^Biiying tbafc he .had had a bad dream and that next*morning they must dig' the bodies netted:; give; them separate grave's.' On' being \ questioned >he said thatithi man.'with the staba had come to him tod begged him'to do it, saying be could not rent with a coward .with Uira, and that he would come to him every night until it wis done.. Sannders,-. who did not believe in ghosti, thonght tbatperhapi that it was fitting, so be cbnaented.fc&d1; the two were, aa&rdingly; given different sepulture. -. the prospeetors retnrned<«afoly with the' strange horses,' and' although tlie mattor waa duly reported,' and inquiries made) the names of the dead men never transpirad,v nor has any man ever yet. revisited ther Valley of Deaths -The Paatur&list.; * 