HERE, THERE AND I EVERYWHERE.. I Governor of New Zealand is about I resigning. I Rioting in South Africa. The Re- I public threatened- I Sir Charles Dilke says Australia is a I model country. I Several Nihilists arrested in St I Petersburg in connection with plot fn 1 kill the Czar. I W. Graham di«*d from blood poison. S ing at Wagga through skinning 2 ? diseased beast. ? The Melbourne 'experts' do not ? know how to illuminate the Post Office I clock. ' I On 27th inst the Governor will visit I the Goulburn Weir. I E. H. Taylor, formerly of Taylor & I Sharkey, Sydney, sentenced to two I years and nine months for defrauding I a bank. 6 ? Mr Henry George's manager is now in Melbourne. Russia has ordered two war ships to be buiit in England. Miss Mary Anderson has left the stage in order to enter the bonds of matrimony. Mr Henry George met withfiaa enthusiastic reception in Sydney.- - ji'-'L Malietoa, has ordered all Chinese^ leave Samoa. Win. Winton fined £5 for throning a stone at two men in Prahran. Patient named M. Gowan, who died in the Melbourne Hospital on Thursday had nearly £500 stitched in the lining of his coat. S. II. S. Fisher, a B.A. of Trinity College, Dublin, charged with passing valueless cheque at Warragul. Let off with a cautionj Crown Law department does not intend taking any action in Premier Permanent Building Society. China appears anxious to meet Russia at war. The Law department still undecided what to do in the Cutler case. Eight tons of diamonds found ic South Afiica during past eight years. Brazil possesses the finest hospitals in the world. Only twelve per cent, of the popula tion of Russia can read and write. Roman Catholic Churches are pro hibited in the Duchy of Mecklenburg Schwerin. Several tombs, containing statues, lately discovered in Cyprus. England produces a hundred and sixty five million tons of coal annually. A ton of quinine pills consumed in Boston in a week during influenza epidemic. Conservative working men are the I latest novelty in England- 1 The British Museum is now lighted I by electricity. | Italy says she is peacefully conquer- I ing Abyssinnia. I The Maharajah of Elwar is at I present on a visit to Melbourne. 3 The Tichborne Claimant is a ranft dat« for vacancy in Stoke on-Trent. Skirmish between French and Da homians in West Africa. O'Connor the American Oarsman officially received by the Mavor cf Sydney. Judgment reserved in the case of Sunday theatres.at Sydney. Mr Henry George formally welcomed by the Sydney Presbyterians. G. Davison dropped dead at Omeo while doing a two hundred yards spin. Kyrabram Railway station com plete]}' blocked with wheat. Robbery at Elstemwick post office. The safe removed. Arthur Diggle remanded at Prahran for alleged brutal assault on his wife. Destructive bushfires in i-Jew South Wales, near Deniliquin. Traffic suspended through snow on Western Railways in tlie States. The Caulfield Shire Council are an noyed that the public should bs informed of the filthy drainage at Elstemwick. Twenty-one performances by Adelina Patti brought //ilinnn at -'!h;/--ior- Edison has invented a machine to separate iron from ore. American public debt reduced by three millions during January. Terrible storm passed over Penn?v! vania lately. Scores of buildings blo-in away. Bush fires at Healsville and Mac arthur districts on Friday. Madame Melba has scored a great hit in Paris. Gounods Romeo-et-Jnilette, a great success in Liverpool. A new opera of ' Norma ' played at Rotterdam. Charges against Mr Harold Sparkes will be resumed at the Melbourne Court to-day. C. Waldine, alias Birch, let off with a fine of 20s for committing an aggra vated assault on Mr H. Byron Moore on Champion day. Ah Ket, a half-caste Chinese in Mel bourne, charged with perjury in connec tion with sly-grog selling cases. James Martin, Joseph Thomas, Ada Lamont and Barbara Clarke charged with burglary in Melbourne. Charles Baker committed for perjury at Castiemaine. Bank of Australasia, London, paid fourteen per cent. The German Emperor again trying to gain favor with the working class es. Fight between Germans and Arabs in West Africa. Nihilists showing fresh activity in Russia. Warder Murphy, of Pentridge, ap pointed Governor of Geelong Jail. Big floods in northern districts of New South Wales. Mr John Burns, a well-known resi lent of AvOCa. dmwnpH in WrJva-in's Bay on Sunday. A lunatic named Dan Wilkie, while in charge of a constable, threw himself under a train at Wangaratta and was cut to pieces. Diphtheria spreading with terrible rapidity at Elstemwick. Twenty thousand dock laborers on strike in London. A labor conference to be held in London Shortly. The ' Mining World ' says it is the height of audacity to ask for £150,000 f1^- *35.°°o shares for the tin claims in Gippsland. 