FORESTRY. FORfcSTRY IN THE COLONIES AND INDIA. Dr. W. Sohlioh, who has been for upwards of twenty years in the Forests Department of he Government of India, who anooeeded Sir D. Brandts there as InBpeotor-General, and who ia now ProfeBaor of Forestry in the Royal Engineering College at Cooper's Hill, England, educating lor the Forest Service in India and elsewhere, read a paper upon "Forestry in the Colonies and India" before the Royal, Colonial Institute on March 11, 1890, in the course of which he offered some _ remarks concerning forestry matters in the Australasian Colonies, which, coming from such authority, should be deemed to be of very considerable importance. First, ho shows that for every square mile of surface there are 311 inhabi tants in England, 170 in British India, and three in the colonies. The average annual value of timber imported into England is £15,0u0,000, and) into Australia £1,281,000. There are no experts of timber from Aus tralasia. Out of £16,466.000 worth of timber imported into the British dominions, nearly twelve millionB of pounds worth came from foreign oountrieB, over the forest products of whioh the Briwsh nation has no control, and from which the supplies may at any time fail, either through political disturbances or mismanage ment of the foreBts. Dr. Sohlioh argues from this that the British nation Bhonld adopt a vigorous forest policy, and points to the large area of waste and uncultivated land (some 26,000,000 acres) In the United King dom alone comprised in the 9,185,000 square miles of oountry under British rale. He believes that one- fonrth of the waste sands of the United Kingdom would snpply all the timber required, exoept about £4,069,000 worth of teak and fancy woods, without any interference with the deer, the grazing or the shooting, for whioh those wastes aie chiefly nsed. He states that" in most of our colonies enormous areas are available to produce many times the quantity of timber annually imported into the United Kingdom, and yet many of them are already themselves importing timber on aconBiderablesoile. Take, for instanoe, Australasia. Of itB area perhaps not more than one-third is at present pnt to profitable use, and the annual impo.ts amount already to a value of £1,284,000. Surely here is room for serious thought " Then oomes 'be question whether, even if Britain can pay for it, foreign countries will be fn a position to supply the necessary timber for any length of time, especially if the oolonies should develops ever-increasing imports. "Data which throw light on this question have been prodnoed plentifully, and although the several sources of timber in foreign countries may not dry up as quickly as some people assume, there can be no donbt that suspicions signs and iodio&tions; do exist. under these circumstances, it aeemB to me eseential that the British Empire, as a whole, should endeavour to safeguard against a calamity which, if it has onoe set in, can only be remedied after a considerable lapse of time. Although some of the dependencies have made great progress in this respect, others are as yet in the very beginning, and too many of the colonieB are still s ' playing' with the question. The reason for this is to be found in the constitu tional aversion of Englishmen to State inter ference in the case of anything that partakes of the character of industry. Whenever the forest question turned up, whether in India or the colonies, the {usual ory was that the matter might be safely left to private enterprise. Then, when people began to feel uneasy as to the result, feeble attempts were made to interfere by half-hearted measures which had for their object to check the farther destruction of the forests, and the waste of valuable material, without, however, inconveniencing anybody engaged in the business of destruction. It was only when matters had gone from bad to worse that more energetic steps were taken— in other words, that after all, the State did interfere. There are oertain reasons why State interference ie more called for in the oase of forestry than in most other branches of industry. MobI of our valuable timber trees require long periods of time to ripen. Large-size oak-trees are from 100 to 200, and even more, yeara old. The teak, which comes to this country from India is derived from trees which are on an average at least 150 yeara old. if forests are to yield a regular annual return of timber they require to have trees of all ages, and, consequently, a considerable accumulation of material which has besn produced in the coarse of a long period of time. To maintain the forests in that oondition only a quantity equal to that which grows annually should be removed, and no more." The lecturer then showed that private owners of forests were at ail timeB liable to remove more timber than is annually reproduced, and thus in a comparatively short time those forests must cease to yield timber. For this reason an active interference by the State in the preservation and maintenance of forests was most necessary. " But," he says, " the mere theory of such is by uo means sufficient. Nominal interference on the part of State is the most disastrous form of all. In that case the forests are looked at as common property, and everybody tries to get themOBt out of them and into his own pocket, the result being that they disappear faster than ever. If the State as such, has arrived at the conclusion that the mainten ance under forest of a- certain proportion of the area is essential or desirable, it must also, onoe for all, deoide to do what is neces sary to seonre that area and to see that it is managed in a systematic and orderly manner. There are vaiious ways of doing this. Either the State establishes State forests by setting aside oertain areas at its disposal for forest porposes or it passes laws whioh empower it to supervise the management of oommnnal and even private forests. The former alterna tive is much the best, wherever it can" be adopted, and this is the ease in India and in most of the oolonies." He oonolndes his in troductory remarks with the statement that something baa been done in tbie line, bat there ie an enormona difference in the re sults. India baa really and honeetly dealt with the foreat qneatlon; some of theoolonlea are fairly in earnest, bnt too many have re stricted their action to nominal measures. Speaking of forestry in India, Dr. SohUch took occasion to refer to the meohanioal aotion of foreeta in regulating the flow of water from hill aides, and mentioned the evil effeots of deforestation. In this respect none waa more " instructive than the oaae of the bills behind Hushiarpnr, in the Panjsb, These, consisting of a friable rock, were eafe, nntil, some forty yean ago, oattle graziers settled in them and destroyed the forest and other vegetation. Since then a prooesa of erosion has eet in, whioh is carrying by deoresB the bills into the plains, where they appear ae huge sand drifts, which have already ' . oovend enormous areas of fertile cultivated land, and even destroyed part of the town of Hnshisrpur. Such an evil can be avoided by yraerviog the natural vesntv Lien on the land ; bat, if ouoe started, cp.ieul measures are required to meet it. In the first plaoe grazing must be stopped, at an; rate Unt of goats and sheep, eo as to allow a natural growth of plants, Bbrnbs, and trees to oome up; artificial sowing and planting must be done, preceded in bad cases by the construc tion of damB and dykss to steady the soil nntil vegetation has onoe more laid bold of it, Misobief of this kind can be atoped and cured at a comparatively email sacrifice, provided it is taken in band at an early stage; bat if it had been allowed to grow for a series of years the expense of obeoking the evil may be beyond the means of the State." He men tioned that the total area now nnder the Indian Forest Department is 55,000,000 aorea* and that the net annual revenue from foresta has risen from £105,615 In 1861-67 to £331,752 in 1882-87, with a prospeot of a ..fourfold inurease within twenty-five years. ■» In speaking abont forestry in Australia, Dr. Schlioh admits that the oonditione are very different from those prevailing in India, The area of the Anstralias is abont three times that of British India, and Australasia is occupied by Englishmen, chiefly demoorata —the density of popnlation per mile being one three-hundredth that of India. Tha absence of coalfields (except in New South Wales, the supply of coal from whioh colony is restricted largely in the other colonies by cost of transport) compels the nse of wood as fnel by other colonies, and even now in many partB there are complaints of scarcity of material for fenoing. . . . cpaca Dr. Schlioh bad received a deal of informa tion from Mr. R, Barr-Smith concerning the climate and conformation of Australia—par ticularly South Australia—and due credit ia eivento Mr. F. Kriohauff, M.P., for initiating an era of forest conservation in this oolony, as well as to Mr. J. Edoie Brown for oarry ing it into effect so far as he has been allowed. After quoting a lot of figures from Mr. Brown's report it is shown that the total area of forest reserves is eaual to only 317 square miles, and representing 0*03 per cent, of the total area of the oolony, or 0'12 per cent, of the area put to profitable use. Of this .area ODiy niteen square miles ia enclosed for planting and renovation. Amongst many other items in the forestry history of the colony with which onr readers are familiar a reference was made to the free distribution of trees, and to the establishment of an annual Arbor Day, and then oomes the oomment:—" The planting np of Br few hundred acres per annum is all very well, but it doeB not constitute forest con servancy on a soale in due proportion to the extent of the colony, especially as many of the exotic treeB which have been planted are not likely to prove neefnl aa timber trees. The principal part of the Conservator's energy shonld be direoted towards the seleo tion and demarcation of farther and more extensive foreet reserves snitably distributed over the colony, enoh reserves amounting ultimately to an area euffiolent to meet the requirements of the oolony. In some parte of the colony it is probably too late to carry oat this polioy, while in others numerous areas are as yet nnoconpied. Here the selection of re serves abould precede th<! advance of coloniza tion. Once the tide of ooonpstion has fatly entered a district the eetting aside for foreet purposes of suitable blooks becomes more difficult every day. On the whole, then, the aotion so far taken in South Australia seems far below what the necessities of the colony demand. The Conservator, Mr. Brown, mentions in his last report that in Borne of the State forests large numbers of seedlings of the indigenous species had sprang up, in consequence of their having been protected against grazing for three years, and he urges that similar protection should he afforded on a more extended soale until the yonng trees are of a size to render them safe against injury by stock; but he also adds that his endeavours in this direotion have so far been unsuccessful, aa he has not been able to induce the Government to take hie views on the subjeot. The finanoial results of the bo far limited operations in South Australia are satisfactory, and there is no reason to believe that more extended operations will be followed by a less favour able balance-sheet of the Forest Department. At any rate any outlay in this reipeot can only be infinitesimal when oompared with the inoreaeing eume which the oolony will have to send out of the country every year if it negleote to establish a sufficient area of permanent forest estates without loss of time, Bnd to manage them on eoonomio prin ciples." In respect to New Sooth Wales Dr. Sohllch faad not mnoh to say, but in regard- to the forestry laws " it is evident that there ia not the character of permanency about thesa arrangements, because the law provides for the division of the State forests into blooks. whioh may be sold or leased afterwards."' Regarding the forest administration of Vic toria, Dr. Sohlich is very far from being complimentary. He quoted from- a report in 1874 and 1879 by Mr. Julian Rogers, Seoretary to the Institute of Surveyors, giving a most melancholy account of the manner in which the forests were treated fif teen years ago. " The amount of timber is diminishing owing to olearings for settle ment, ordinary home consumption, and bush fires As early as 1868 attention was called by a specially appointed Board to the wastefulness and improvidence of the prevailing system. Only the prime parts of treeB were utilized. Immense numbers of standing trees were killed owing to the prac tice of stripping from them large ebeeta of bark to cover, perhaps, a mere temporary hut. The committee called attention to the growing scarcity of timber for props for mining purposes, and the neoeseity of measures to secure a permanent Bnpply. Toe committee also reoommended the ptaatinR of suitable pinetrees in the forests, and ex pressed a belief that within a short period the native supply would supersede the neces sity for importing that timber for whioh at present they are wholly dependent upon other countries or colonies. They reoom mended the abolition of the existing, and the introduotion of a new, licensing system in the State forest reserves." Next, he quotes largelv from a report fur nished in 1887 by Mr. F. 1>'A. Vincent, an expert from the Indian ForeBt Department, who spent several months in the inspection of the Victorian forests. This gave a most de plorable account of wanton waste and mis management everywhere. In the Wombat and Bnllarook Forest, 105,000 acres, Mr. Vinoent stated" The useless waste and destruction, that has been going on in this forest for the past thirty years defies all description. The sawmill fellers and the splitters have been ailowed to go in and out when and what they ohoBe, Generally the fellers took one log out of each tree, leaving the rest, which, although not quite so good as the butt-end log, still consisted of first-class timber. The eplitters, as often bb not, left trees to rob where they had fallen without even taking out one log on finding that the wood did nob split well. Even if they did split at leasb three-fiftbs of the timber in the trees wan wasted. Subsequently, when the wood thus left on the ground was fired, a furm blaze occurred which killed or rendered useless almost as many trees as had teen felled. . . . The selection of the State forests h&B; not been veil made here, for '.some 01 the beBt forests have been left oat •side, and inferior growth taken np for the 'reserve." Nothing was said in Dr. Sohlioh's leoture about the millions of aores of noble timber-trees that have been destroyed by ringbarking both in New Sonth Wales and Victoria. Mr. Vincent's snmming-np mast be quoted, because it apolies as much to Sonth Aus tralia {in regard to alienation and misuse of 'Government lands) as to Victoria" The immediate oanBes of this are the bad lioenoe system, the ill- arranged olaaalGoatlon of State forests, timber reserves, and Crown lands, the absence of professional foresters to direot operations, and the negleot to re nerve the best natural forests. The offioials in oharge of the forests. have often protested •gainst the present licence system, explain ing that the forests are being rapidly ruiaed. They explain that they oannot protect the forests from theft, ana yet no ohange is made. Why? Beoause Parliamentary Influence is brought to bear by the eawmill owners and by the splitters, who are de termined that no change shall be made in the present arrangements. Bath these olasses •re powerful, the splitters especially. When an attempt is made by the foresters or the Seoretary of Agriculture to do justice to the forests and to protest them, the persons affected organize deputa tions, questions are asked in Parliament, and -concession after concession is made. There is little hope of the forests ever receiving proper treatment until the foreBt question is made a national one, and removed from the arena of party politios. The decision ae to the future reBtB entirely with the conntry. The question is—Are the eleotors prepared to allow the eawmillera and splitters to devas tate the remaining forests, robbing them and their ohildren of their snppiy of timber and firewood, and risking some of the olimatio changes which are traceable to the destruc tion of foreBts? Are tbey prepared to sacrifioe a source of large ana increasing revenue to the demands of a limited oIsbs ? it seems to me that sensible men can give only one answer, and that the country, when it learns the exact state of affairs, will authorize the Government to settle the question onoe and for all on a proper basis." Dr. Schlich assumes that sinoe Viotoriahas at last decidod to proceed on the lines bitherto "followed in Sonth Anstralia, viz.— to plant certain areas, and, I presume, to let the eawmillers and splitters complete the work of destruction in the natural forests, flan ting a few acres a year is all very well, but it will never make up for the destruction of the natnral foreBts. In order to replaoe the latter Viotoria would have to plant at least 100,000 aores a year, and this it iB not likely to do." He contends that the Govern ment of Victoria " should not nnder any cir cumstances" fall aviotim to thedeluBion that the formation of some limited plantations will make up for the loss of tne natural foreBts. The all-important step to be taken is to gazette and demaroate on the gronnd a sufficient area of reserved State forests, and to provide for their systematic management aooording to the approved rules of scientific forestry, and, in addition, to take what measures are desirable and praotioable for tbe protection of the forest growth on the Crown lands which are not inolnded in the State forests. In conolnsion Dr. Schlich admits that the several Governments have to oontend with difficulties. " The Australians are no doubt of an independent disposition, and gifted with great energy. The reservation of land for forest purpoBea frequently rnns counter to the wishes end interests of individuals, but the Government should not shrink from doing its duty to the general commnnity. After all, experienoe haa shown repeatedly that a little determination judicionBly applied soon overcomes such opposition, and that the good common sense oi the community, as a whole, soon recognises and appreciates a sound polioy on the part of the Government. If there were any eoaroity of land, 1 could understand nnsnrmountable difficulties pre senting themselves ; and in that case the Australians might say that it would pay thorn flatter to use their land for other purposes, and to pay for the necessary timber and other prodnoe. Bat suoh is not the ease ; thore is ample land for all requirements. Probably only one-third of the total area ie at present put to profitable use." The London Standard, commenting upon the paper by Dr. Schliah, remarked '' We admit that a Colonial Government which has to reckon with a demooraoy intent on the pnreuit of riches has a difficult task before It. Politicians everywhere are the puppets of voters, and a Ministry seeking re-eleotion in a colony finds it by no means desirable tbat certain areas of forests mast be reserved -from private development. The colonist who looks to an immediate income, or to an .early fortnne whioh may enable him to live -* at home,' is not easily persuaded to sacri fice hie present chances of profit for people to come after him." Amongst thoee who took part in the dis cussion upon Dr. Sohlloh's paper was Sir . John Bennamy, a Direotor of the Bank of Sooth Australia, who contrasted the wise . action of the Government of India and that of the demooratic Government of Australia. Action onght to be taken at onoe, for " trees \--don't grow in a day," remarked Sir John. ■ Sir Charles Barnard, of the India Office, said : that Germany Q made out of her forests -£13,000,000 sterling every year; and he ob . served that the system of forestry which was in vogue in continental India was that whioh -ought to suit continental Australia, for there were many similarities in eaoh case. Profes .sor Marshall Ward was very muoh struck -with the number of hardwood trees which Australia possessed, and suggested that the \- Governments of Australia should import and plant soft timber. There were only half a -dozen species of softwood trees in Australia, said be, and the Australians were destroying \- thorn as fast aB they conld. Mr. Morris, the Assistant Director of Kew Gardens, empha sized the necessity for more softwood timber in Australia, and asserted—a question much dismissed and mnoh disagreed upon—that toe 'humidity of the climate is inoreased by timber growth. Lord Bury, in summing up the debate, urged the Institute to do all it conld to get Dr. Schlich's suggestion brought under the notioe of those in authority. Among other orumbs of oounael given daring \- the evening were that State enterprise was more called for in the case of forestry than in most other branches of industry, for moBt of onr valuable timber trees require long periodB of time to ripen. The Fellows of the InBtitate were also reminded that no leBB than SO,000,000 aores of land are artificially watered in India by means of canals, wells, lakes, and tanks. 