SUMMARY. A national nnion of clerks is being formed in the United Kingdom. The London Daily Chronicle eulogises tho services of Lord Gat ring ton and of Air. J. Forrest, the West Australian Premier. The railway strike in Scotland is collapsing. Tho railway companies refuse to re-cmploy , many of their old bauds. Mr. Gladstone on Monday celebrated his 81st birthday, when ho received an immense number of congratulatory messages. Severe fighting has taken place between the United Statos troops aud the Sioux Indians and the revolt of the latter is collapsing. Numbers have already surrendered. General Booth denies a statement made by late Commissioner Smith that the social and religiouu funds of the Salvation Army arc inter mixed. Mr. Parnell and Mr. William O'Brien baYO met at Boulogne and proceed to Paris to con fer with other Irish members as to tho split in the party. Tho report is denied that the Bishop of Killaloe was fired at and injured on Satur day. Siavin and Corbctt hare arranged to fight in California for a purse of £2000. Tho "Victorian Government have dispatched a telegram to Mr. John Forrest congratulating him ou the formation of the first Ministry is We.-t Australia under parliamentary govern meat. An cr-publican named John Garrow was mysieriousJy stabbed in tho back in Fitzroj, Melbourne, on Monday evening. Tho wound is serious but is not expected to be fatal. A valuable gold-bearing reef is reported to have been discovered at Growlers Creek, near Wandiiigong, Victoria. A meeting held at Prospect on Monday passed a resolution as to the necessity for a tramway from Fairfield to Prospect, by way of Smithiield. Tenders are to be invited in about three weeks for the construction of the railway ex- .Al.ntnvl r < 1 .Mi.V I. i I 1 » X fi t. (.4. ' , Ua! ». 'IHl A ILUSiUil 1 I UUI UUIU a'UUI lU,ilLllOUil 9 4. Ulliti J.UU work is expected to bo finished in about 18 months. Deniliquin was visited by a tremendous hurricane on Sunday night, houses being blown down, trees uprooted and other damage done. Bushfires aro raging on several runs on tho Murrumbidgce and uu immense area of pasture land has been destroyed. The four-masted ship Koiton, from Bio Janeiro, put iuto Port" Phillip yosterdav for assistance, her captain, mate and five of the seamen being ill with small-pox. The various governments are moving to secure the introduction of the reduced cable rates at as curly a date as possible. It 1b pro posed to hold an intercolonial postal conference iu Sydney next March. All the laud required for the reclamations at Careening Cove and Neutral Bay is to be re sumed by proclamation during next month. The Minister for Works has obtained an exhaustive report on the project for construct ing a railway from North Sydney to Manly aud Pittwater. The cricket match between junior teams of Victoria aud South Australia was won by the Victorians with an innings and 75 runs. During the past week 81,ol0 bales of wool have been received at Darling Harbor, as against 17,920 bales for the similar week last year. Since November 15, a period of seven weeks. 85G,8drf tons of coal have been carried by rail into Newcastle, as compared with 222,272 tons The missing New Zealand yacht Venice has turned up safely. She was driven out of her course by a gale aud compelled to eeek shel ter. A boating fatality occnrred on Lake Waka- tipu (N.Z. ion Boxing Day, six persons being drowned. ' The harvest in the Canterbury district (N.Z.) will he a light one, osviug to the urought, A seam of coal h.is been discovered atTJrcnui, North Waitaru (n.z.). Annlo O'Brien was yesterday commuted for trial charged with having atteinp'.cu mticvie by jumping into the water at Darling Harbor on Christmas evening. Joshua Solomon and Arthur Watson were yesterday sent to the Sessions lor trial charged with breaking and entering a uwellinghonse in Botany-st., Kandwick. Edward French was yesterday linoi £59 nni costs, or three mouths' imprisonment, lor run ning a totuiisator at 72 Kiug-street. During this month 123,298 bales of wool have been icceived by train nt Darling Hat hor, its compared with 72,213 bales in the same period last year. The railway earnings last week amounted to £63,935 as against £55,892 for the similar period Inst year. Of this increase, £6009 was due to extra passenger truth c. The earnings on the tramways for Christmas Day. Boxing Day aud las'. Saturday, came to £3720, as compared with £3340 for the same holidays last year. A number of robberies have taken place in Albury duriug the past few days, indicating the presence in the town of a gang of expert thieves. Mr. V. Johnson, S.M., threatens to sentence persona convicted of breaches of the Betting Houses Suppression Act to terms of imprison ment instead of fines. At Redfern yesterday John Moffat was com mitted for trial ou a charge of assaulting Senior- constable Bruce at Botany on Boxiug Day. Six boys were fined at tho Ceutral Court yesterday for illegally using a horse and cart. They had previously locked the owner in a store la Clarence-street. Onr review of the finance and trade of 1890 is published this morning. In 188S the imports at the port of Sydney showed an increase of £6,000,000 ; in 1889 there was a further increase o; £1,640,000 ; this year thero has been a decrease of over £3,000,000. At the Canterbury Park race meeting yes terday Cascade won tho Maiden Hurdles, Lady Kirigsborough tho Flying Handicap, Aaron tbe December Handicap, Margett the Selling Race and Mildred tho Welter Ueudicap. A verdict oi accidental death was returned yesterday at the inquest on Walter Bass, who died from the effects oi being knocked down by a cab in Cleveland-street. Charles Kingamau was yesterday fined £30 and costs for illegally Belling beer on board the steamer Namoi on Boxiug Day, A young woman named Ellen Green was yesterday sentenced to one mouths' hard labor lor obtaining £6 from Dr. Fiaschi by false pre- teuces. The streets of Newcastle arc to be lighted by electricity to-morrow night. The local council have declined an offer of the Gas Company to continue to light the streets for £50 a week should the electric light fail. The Sydney-owned barqno William Fair- bairn arrived nt Adelaide yesterday from Miadleborougb. The barque Don Nicholas, which put in here recently to land the captain, who was ill, resumed her voyage to Melbourne yesterday in charge of the chief orliccr. Three brothers named M'Leod were drowned at the Newlyu waterworks, Creswick (Vic.) on Monday evening through the upsetting of a boat. A movement is on foot in Sydney to form an association of owners of sailiog vessels. Tho Australian Gaslight Company notify that from to-morrow the price of gas will bo rednced from G 3d to os 3d per 1000ft. The Wharf-laborers' Uniou have resolved to admit all non-unionists as members free of entrance fee until February 1. The North German mail steamer Elbe arrived at Melbourne yesterday from Sydney. Tbe P. and O. K.M.S. Massilialeft Melbonrna . yesterday for Sydney. The French mail steamer Australion left Melbourne yesterday for Marseilles. A deputation of produce agents and mer chants wailed upon the Kail way Commissioners yesterday to complain of the irregular delivery of butter at Darling Harbor. Tbe Postmaster-General has directed that the Dead Bird shall not be allowed to pass through the post-offices of the colony. To-morrow being a public holiday there will ouly be tho morning delivery by loiter carriers. Tho General Post- office will be open from 8.30 to 10 a.m. A little boy named Henry Sherman was drowned at Stockton yesterday by falling into the river. At Cooranbong yesterday a young woman named Dora Dovab was committed for trial for the murder of hor Illegitimate male infant. 