' Jorrocks.' In deference to the wishes of several veterans of the turf, we publish the pedigree and performances of Jorrocks, the equine hero of the first decade of racing in Australia, and the extract is made from the old files of BelVa Life in Sydney, which journal has for nearly 20 years been incorporated with the Sydney Mail. Jorrocks, or Old Jorrocks, as he is now invariably called, was bred by Mr. Henry Baley, of Haley Park, near Mudgee, in 1833, ana was quite the Eclipse of his day. He was by Whisker from Matilda, by Steel trap from Vesta, by The Arabian Model from Caraboo, by . Old Hector, from a mare by Rockingham. He was a bright bay, with black points, stood only 14*2, showed rather a short head with broad forehead, full and beautiful eye, a somewhat close nostril, handsome racing neck, slightly swayed, fine oblique shoulder with great depth, wide powerful chest, good muscular forearm, rather lone knee, short thence to the fetlock, by no means a long pastern, ronnd handsome barrel, very deep girth, short back, which dipped near the couplings, an extraordinary depth of rib, very broad across the loin, a tail well set on powerful quarters, straight hows and round hoofs. His tout ensemble displayed the lengthy, sloping, angular shapes of the English blood horse, with much of the wiry elasticity of the desert born. Honest, courageous, highly tractable as he ever proved, it was greatly to be regretted that the colony should have been deprived of his valuable cervices for stud purposes. - j What induced ihe owner of Jorrocks to keep him so long out of work does not appear ; but it is certain that tQl the close of the' year 1836 he was allowed the parole, undisturbed by the champion of the snaffle, and un-, ruffled by either the whip or. the currycomb. About this period he was broken in, and kept upon easy duly till he had well nigh completed his fifth summer, when he was sent to a cattle station on the river Barwon, and in the humble drudgery of a stock-hone and hack alter nately he continued for the four folio wing years. During this pilgrimage,. in occasional salliefe after the bounding' denizen ot the Australian forest^ his untiring speed be came apparent; for though never stabled, rarely' groomed, and almost always exposed to that unenviable concatenation of anti-conditionals of which -our ever fluctuating seasons are productive^ to wit, absence of pasture and of water, made more agreeably conducive to health by burning winds,' brobdigniag mosquitoes and bushfires, though not perhaps absolutely suffering ' from this quintette of grievances, the gallant son of Whisker, with 12st on his back, could -frequently turn a flyer. Thus encouraged to the belief that the horse knew how to put his 'best foot foremost,' Mr. Charles Baley entered him in a sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, half forfeit, which he carried away from four less fleet , competitors. The race came off on Coola Plains, but no notice- has been taken of die event by persons who have hitherto endeavoured to trace his performances. . Stronger proof of the raising capabilities of the debutant ' was deemed necessary, and arrangements were accord ing made for the purpose of testing to a nicety the ex tent of his pace. He was placed under the surveillance ef Old Brown. Brown then had Helena and others in training at the stables of a gentleman near Windsor, so that abundant oppor tunities offered for affording trials either against time or blood. That the result of these gallops was in ac cordance with, favourable surmises may be gathered from die fact of Mr. Rouse's anxiety to possess the horse— a desire which he speedily succeeded in accom plishing, as Mr» Baley, in the commencement of *41, was induced to part with Jorrocks, taking in exchange for his valuable gelding eight springing heifers, equiva lent to about the sum of .£40 sterling;. No time was now lost in preparing the horse for the ensuing Home bush meeting, : whore, on the 16th of the succeeding March, he was brought to the post for the Ladies' Purse of £50, open to all horses carrying list, 3 .miles. Chestnut Prince, Slasher; Creeping Jane, Tom Thumb, and Paddy were opposed to him. Running a good second, he was defeated by the Chestnut. On the 30th of the same month he was found at Bathurst contending with Kate Nickleby and Eleanor for the Town Plate of 100 sovs., where racing under tbe mysterious name of Jollop he met with a similar physicking. The following day, however, bailed him as the winner of the Town Plate of £50, though opposed to Theorem and the Nickleby mare. Theorem broke down whilst running up the distance, and Kitty bolted from the start. On the day he ran second for the Ladies' Purse, which was taken by Skeleton, Jorrocks being eecond in both heats, Lushington, Glaucus, and the bolting mere being also in the struggle; Miss Ka'e served her jock as in the preceeding race. At Parra matta on the 27th April he won the Town Plate of ICO sovs., beating Flirt, Prince, Eucalyptus, and S tranger. «« Jollox wi 1 be a troublesome nag to beat at long dis tance in heavy ground,*' was the astute remark com mitted to the broad sheet by the prophetic reporter of the day. Returning to the Hawkesbury he bore away in triumph a plate of 100 govs., but defeat was early in attendance, as at Homebush on the 24th of August the Australian Stakes were easily taken from him, Plutus, and Eucalyptus by Mr. Charles Smith's Beeswing. The Ladies' Puree of £60 on the 26th set him again a-foot, but Mentor proved more than hie match ; yet the Beaten Handicap served somewhat to console his owner to tbe disaffection of tbe ^tables of Gohanna, Prince. Plutus, and Planet His next appearance was at the Parramatta Spring Meeting, September 14th, where he achieved a victory over Plutus, Tory, Planet, and Gohanna, for the Union Purse of 100 60vs., and satis factorily closing his career of '41 by walking over for the Members' Purse of 50 sovs. on the 14ih of the same month. The campaign of 42 opened brilliantly for the old horse. At Homebush, for the Metropolitan Stakes of 75 sovs., Ihe Quail, Tranbv, Planet, and Ihe Marquis had to succumb to him ; and two days after this signal and easy conquest he also rewarded Mr. Rouse with the Cumberland Cup of 100 sovs. value, added to a sweepstakes of 10 sove. each, len horses had been entered, but the winner, TicUwc, and Eucalyptus only -came to the post. This splendid and massive vase was manufactured in Sjdney, by Messrs. Coben,of George street. Then followed a rapid succession of good fortune— to wit, the Mudgee Plate of 50 sovs., onthe 17th May; the Settlers' Purse of 50 sovs., on the 20th, taken from Grimaldi ; and the Inkeepers' Purse of 40 sovs., on the same day ; the Havkesbuir Turf club Purse of 100 sovs., on the 27th July, when he ran a dead heat with Beeswing for the first heat; but eventually took the race witli ease. At starting lots of money was laid at 6 to 3 on Beeswing. Allowing ?one day to intervene, he again did the needful for his lucky proprietor, taking the Richmond Purse of to sovs,, with a sweep of 5 sovs. added, although an extra 71b had been imposed. _ Beeswing, Quail, Jerry Sneak, -and The Marquis were in the affair, but the first named broke down in the second heat, and was much injured. The Marquis also fell lame while running a good second to Jorrocks. Early in August he was defeated by Sir Charles at Parramatta for the Union Purse, and ?on the 7th, at tbe same meeting, The Quail deprived him of the Town Plate. The severity of his work at 'Windsor but a few days previously accounts in some measure for the want of temporary success. ' The old iorse had evidently had much of it lately, and his con -dition was decidedly bad,' so wrote the sporting chronicler of the day. He was next entered for the ?Champagne Stakes at Homebush in September, but was -drawn to let Quail walk over. From this period a -considerable spell was allowed him, not having been -called on To gambol o'er the grassy floor liU the Uth of April, 1843, when he was beaten by lEncalyptus for the Members' Purse of 100 60vs. The ^Beaten Purse was all that fell to his lot. At the meet ing at Hamebush on the 2'2nd May his star became -once more ascendant, the Metropolitan Stakes of 100 .sovb. falling to his stable, in defiance of the efforts of £ir Charles, Tranby, Blacklock, and Eucalyptus; and ?on the day but one following he took the Cumberland ?Cup of 100 sovs. from Blacklock and The Quail. At Tarramatta, in the following July, he experienced another reverse, being beaten by The Marchioness, Harry Lorrequer, and CEdipus tor the Union Stakes; but it was thought by many that had his jockey, H-iggerson, made play earlier in the race he would have 2iad a much better place. The Town Plate of 70 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. (a single event of three miles 750 yards, run in € minutes 58 seoonds), Jnly 14, tended to resuscitate his fanw, to the disparagement of Lerrequer and Quail. On the 12th of September the veteran visited his favourite arena at Homebush, where he triumphed over Xottery, Marchioness, and Harry Lorrequer for the Champion Cup, Lottery running second in the three mile gallop. The Champagne Stakes of this year were »1an awarded him. Jn the November following he honoured Penrith with his presence, aud after a dead heat with Sir Charles took the Town Plate easily. The Baronet was subsequently more fortunate and snatched the Publicans' Purse. (Jorrocks was now running under (he ownership of Higgerson.) Thus finished his ?exploits of the year; nor did his name adorn the Calendar till the middle of April '44, when at 'Windsor he was thrashed by Harry Lorrequer in the Town Plate race, on the 10th, but took the Richmond Purse of GO eovs. on the 11th, Lorrequer and Election also being can didates for the emolument. At Homebush, July 23rd, he ran second to Lottery, for the Metropolitan Stakes, when the three miles were done in 5 minutes 50 seconds, jorrocks losing by half a length ; but on the 25th the tables were turned, Lottery playing second fiddle to the old 'un for the Cumberland Stakes of 50 sovs. He next was to have been met with at Berrima, where none dared oppose him, and the. easy task of cantering in solitary grandeur round the heath secured him the Town Plate of 40 sovs. Hence he proceeded to Goul burn, where his determined antagonist Lottery was in -waiting to draw a prize of £40— viz., the Innkeepers' Purse; heats, 2£ milet. They next met at Penrith at the close of October, where Jorrocks again drew blanks, Lottery winning the Town Plate on one day, and Election beating him on the next for the Pub licans'Purse. The Beaten Handicap flung a few crumbs into Higgerson's bat Under somewhat brighter auspices the season of '45 opened at the Homebush May Meeting, where he licked Lottery in a three-mile race for the Metropolitan Stakes of 60 eovs. Lottery went on tbe wrong side of a post, supposed to nave been so contrived intentionally. But in return Jorrocks was beaten by Blue Bonnet for the Jiungarrabee Purse. Heavy sums exchanged hands, the odds having ranged as high as 5 to 2, and in some, in stances 3 to 1, the old'un against tbe field. In August be was again beaten by the mare at M ait land, where he appeared as the property of Mr. James Doyle. The annual account was closed at this meeting. In April, 1846. he took the llawkesbuiy Town Plate Of 60 sovs., end the day following the Publicans' Purse of 26 sovb. fell to his lot At Homebush May Meet ing, for the All-Aged Stakes of 50 sovs., he distanced the great southern crack Petrel, although Munchausen Tumours had been circulated as lo the wonderful capa bilities of the Port Phillip favourite. The Australian Plate of 50 sovs. next came to his owner's share, in defiance of a large field, including Lottery, Green Mantle, Tamarind, Emerald, and Blue Bonnet. After running second to Emerald for the Town Plate at Maitland, he surprised the widos by taking a purse of sovereigns from the Irishman and Meteor, and further receiving an accession in the shape of the Hunter River Stakes. At Five Dock he walked off with the Ladies' Purse of- 40 sovs, in March, and shut np shop for the PPflfOP. .The March of '47 brought the Bathurst Town Plate of 50 sovs. and the Publicans' Purse of 60 eovs. April, too, added the Members' Purse of 60 sovb. and the Richmond Puree of 40 sovs., both at Windsor. In May, the Australian Plate of 60 eovs., at Homebush, brought more grist to tbe mill, and June yielded fruits of in crease — viz., the Parramatta Town Plate of 60 sovs., snatched from Whalebone and Blue Bonnet; and on the 2nd July he won the Cumberland Turf Purse of 60 eovs. Dull December had also its attractions, as he was allowed to walk over for the Ladies' Puree (25) at Petersham, and on the same day he took the Banters' Stakes of 20 sovs. In 1848 his prowess was rewarded with a score at ihe Drapers' Club; £50 (Publicans' Puree) at Bathurst in March ; a like amount at Wind sor (Members' Purse) ; £50 Town Plate at Parramatta, in April; and £70 (Australian Plate) at Home bush in May. Early in March, '49, we find him walking off with the Carcoar Town Plate of £50, and at die close of the same month a similar amount was awarded him at JJathurst Then followed, in ' April, the Richmond Furse (50) and the All- Aged Stakes at Homebu- h; a sweep of 6 sots, each, with 50 added, in May. Allowing one day to intervene, he bore off the Australian Piate of £f0, with a sweep of 5 so vs. each (a dead heat between the old 'un and The Plover when the latter and other horses were drawn, and Jorrocks walked over for the second heat). The Cum berlatd Turf Meeting next came to the relief, in the shape of the Parramatta Town Plate (50) with a sweep of 5 sove. In the following month he walked over for the Wellington Plate (£30), and the Ladies' Purse of £20, and closed the y«*ar at Mudgee, on the 15th of .August, by carrying off a plate of 30 sovs.; and thus be closed the year '49. 1850 — February 27th, ran second for the Town Plate of £50 at the Bathurst Meeting, being beaten by Little John, winning the first hear, running a dead heat the second, being beaten for the third, and then drawn. March 16th, at the Carcoar meet, won the Publicans' Purte of 30 sovs., beating Little John and Zinganee. April 10th, at the Hiwkesbuiy Turf Club Meet, won the Members' Puree of 50 sovs., ridden by Cutts, car rying 9st 31b, beating Humming Bird and Pastile. May 29th, at the Homebush meet, ran second to Sultan for the All-Aged Stakes of £50, beating Little John and Plover. May 31st, same meet, won tbe Australian Plate of 60 eovs, with a sweep of 5 sovs. each, beating Plover, Little John, Lola Pontes, and Sultan. 27th June, at the Campbelltown meet, ran second to Plover for the Cauibelltown Plate of 50 sovs., beating Pasha, Sultan, Pastile, bir Charles, and Jenny Lind. August 6th, at the Singleton Races, won the Patrick's Plain's Purse of 40 sovb., beating Sultan, Death, and Cyrus. August 20th, at Maitland meet, ran second to the Queen of Hearts for the Maitland Town Plate, of 50 sovs., and, on the 22nd. same meet, ran second to Sultan for the Town Plate, which wound up his career of 1850. 1851, February 26, at Bathurst Races, ran second to Little John for the Town Plate. Feb. 28, same meet, won the Publican's Pureeof £40, with a sweep of £3. beating Little John. April 25, at Hawkesbury Races, was beaten by Plover - and Muleyson for the Richmond Puree. . Mav 28th, at Homebush meeting, for the Australian Plate 'ran third, being beaten by Cossack and Muley son. Jorrocks then left the Turf, and efter several times being raffled became the property of Mr. A. Thompson, who once brought him to the post, on the 7th of Octo ber, '52, for the Metropolitan Handicap, at the Dra pers', Homebush, when he was beaten. A most marked meniiestation of interest was displayed as th© ' old horse ' was led upon the course and three deafen ing cheers made the welkin ring again as he passed be fore the stand. Poor eld horse! the spirit of other days was unextinguished, is unextinguishable, but no new trophies may be gathered from his laurelled brow. His fame is imperishable, and the records of past years will advance his undisputed claim to the first niche in the Gallery of Australia's winning horses. 