Worm Disease and Mar supials. During the years that the marsupial peBt was felt most severely in Queensland the mortality amongst sheep from ' worm disease ' was greatest (says the Quecmlander). This fact was noticed by many prac tical men, and if the worms were not attributed to the marsupials many favoured the belief that there was some connection between the two. Investigations con ducted in England with reference to lung worms go f aT to show that although tbe presence of immense num bers of marsupials on the pasture was not the cause of the ' worm disease ' they may be, and probably were, one of the moBt fruitful causes of disseminating the worms. It was proved during the English investigations that in districts where lung worm was prevalent in calves and lambs the earth wot ms were also affected, and the presumption was that these earthworms expel the embryos after they have advanced to a certain stage of development. Tbese are taken up by grazing animals, and it is but natural to suppose that the more numerous the grazing animals the greater the facilities for the spread of the worms. Another fact came to light during the English inquirv. Earthworms from dis tricts in whichh parasitic lung disease appears every autumn, or earlier if the season is wet, were fonnd to be free from embryoB during the dry, hot period of the summer. As soon as the disease reappeared among calves and lambs, after a considerable rainfall, the earthworms again become affected. The embryos also remained dormant on the pasture during a dry season, but became active on tbe re currence of the rainy season. Here, then, are the conditions under which Queensland flocks are visited by the ' worm disease.' It is generally sup posed that it is caused by a ' flush of grass' (following «n a drought), in which there is very little nutrition; but in these days, when spontaneous generation has been proved to be a fallacy, few inquirers will endorso that theory. The germ muBt be lurking in the pasture before the* animals are attacked, and when 'worm disease' is prevalent graziers would do well to adopt Mr. Haly'e soiindadvice and burn off every portion of pasture they can spare. In this way, and in this way only, can the germs be destroyed. Mr. Haly has truly said that when we took over the Australian pastures from the aborigines we inherited the healthiest pas tures in the world. It is well known that before the pastures were occupied by the white man the country,' or very large portions of it, were annually bnrnt by the blacks to assiBt them in procuring food, and old colo nists know that without the renovating effect of bush fires large areas of country that formerly provided good pasture for sheep are now almost totally useless. 