BANQUET TO THE GOVERNOR. - SPEECHES BY HIS EXCELLENCE. The Municipal banquet held on Monday afternoon was presided over by the Mavor (Mr. It. Muir) who was supported on the right bv His Excellency the Governor, Mr. L. V. be Hamel, the Government Resident (Mr. Loftie), and Captain Stewart and on the loft by the Commissioner of Railway (the Hon. Clayton T. Mason), the Hon. J. A. Wright, the ex-mayor (Mr. .John M«ir) and Cr. Knight. Mr. Wand of the Freemason's Hotel was the purveyor. The MAYOR gave the toasts of, " The Queen " and " The Prince of Wales and Royal Family." The MAYOR next gave " His Excellency tho Governor." He said : I am sure you all agree with me in saying that Ilis Excellency is the most popular Governor we have had, and has always exhibited the keenest interest in all matters affecting the colony generally. Indeed, he has shewn by his uniform courteous treatment of all who have had the pleasure to approach him, that no matter or thing is too small for hi3 consideration and interest whereby some benefit may be given to the people,—(Cheers)—and the voice of the weak, is as equally attended to as that of the strong. I am sure His Excellency must have felt the convincing proof, the one universal opinion and verdict of the people of this colony, in witnessing the spontaneous and open welcome with which he wa3 recently received. (Cheers). I can assure him that Albany accounts hissvmpathiesas the warmest that have been extended her during former administrations. And one everlasting monument that stands to verify this, ;ia the existence of this tine Hall in which we'are now assembled. It was, I may tell you, His Excellency who when leaving Western Australia to take up the Governorship of South Australia, and I believe I am correct in saying his very last Act in this colony, so generously granted Albany the wherewithal to acquire this site of which he himself approved, and on which at the very entrance of the colony, we have been permitted through his sympathies to erect a building, which I feel 1 am justified in saying is not only an ornament to Albany but the colony. (Cheers). And so long as we posses a Town Hall, Albany will have occasion to remember, the name of Sir William Robinson. Gentlemen, I fuel it my duty to here allude to the zealous efforts o*f our first Mayor, whose memory we all deeply respect (the late Mr. Finlay) who laboured so indefatigably in the Council, and with the public to forward the erection of the hall. It was my great pleasure to be associated with him in the Town Council, and I feel I would rather that he had been here to-day to occupy the chairs (Cheers). However gentlemen, I am proud to be present to ask you to do honor ta His Excellency who has the satisfaction Of seeing the work he so generously aided now complete. On behalf of the residents of the town, I wish to express the hope that he may remain among us as Governor, at least sufficiently long to steer the colony well on her new course, that we may feel safely out of the shoals and quicksands that may surround us. And it being necessary to iustain good health, to do good work, I am sure His Excellency might do worse than take up his residence at Albany during the summer months. (Loud cheers). We should be pleased to welcome him. (Cheers). I now call upon you gentlemen to drink the health of His Excellency the Governor. His Excellency, who was received with prolonged cheers, said: Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen—When I received a few days ago in Adelaide the kind invitation that the Municipality of Albany was so eood as to send me, 1 felt in rather a difficult position. 1 had already made rather more than a half promise to be present the day after tomorrow in another part of the colony, but at the same time, I had vividly in my mind the exceptional cordiality;—il may say the magnificent manner—in which you wereBO kind as to receive me a few weeks ago on my return to the Colony from England, and I felt that I should ill requite that kindness if I allowed anything to stand in the way of accepting the invitation which the municipality was so good as to tender me. (Cheers.) And Mr. Mayor, I thank you and 1 thank your predecessor, from whom I presume the invitation immediately came and who has so ably administered the affairs of this municipality. (Cheers.) I thank the Mayor for the kind manner in which he has proposed the toast of my health and you gentlemen for your hearty and cordial redep-> tion of it. I should like to take this oppor ODDO?- I tunity also of offering just a word of apology to the municipality. [The Governor here explained that he just two or three days ago had returned to him the letter con taining the invitation to a banquet, and asking for particulars of his intentions which was sent on to Colombo.] Proceeding he said: Gentlemen, there was probably never a period in the history of the colony when so much might be said by public men with regard to public affairs, and yet • there never was a period when it -was so" exceedingly difficult for a Governor placed in the position which I now occupy to speak hie own viewS at any length with regard to these public affaiife. You will understand at once what I mean, when I say that the views of those who will in the future direct the affairs of the country are at this time being placed more or less directly before the electors of the various constituencies. It would be impossible for me, therefore, to speak on public questions or questions affecting the future—that is to say without indicating to some extent what my own views are with regard to these questions and without—considering the position which the Governor has occupied with regard to the Constitution up to the present time—without influencing to some extent the course of public opinion. And I need hardly point out to you, that in the case of a Constitutional Governor, and I now occupy that position, it would be unconstitutional and inconvenient if he should at sucha juncture as this express his own views on the questions before the country. (Cheers). You will understand more clearly what I mean when I say that if I were now to speak to you with regard to the various public works alluded to by some of those candidates who have already addressed the country, and tell you whether 1 approve of those works, or whether I do not, it is quite, possible that some person would be called upon to form an administration holding entirely opposite views to those I might express, and yet, as a Constitutional Governor nnder the Constitution that has now been inaugurated, I am obliged to work, as I should work and cordially, with those minis ten holding views diametrically opposed to those which I might express to you. It is not want of respect to this gathering I can assure yon, or want of interest in the best welfare of the colony, but simply on consti tntional grounds that I am obliged to refrain from addressing you in detail, at all events, on the questions which are now so interesting to the public in this colony. (Cheers) It seems to me that this must be admitted by all parties—that the country is now in posses- sion of a magnificent public estate, and that a judicious expenditure of money for the purpose of developing that estate must form a part of the policy of whatever Government may come into office. (Cheers). I am not expressing any opinion as to what work should or should not be undertaken, but thiB I do say—and I wish to reaffirm that you have now the welfare of this colony in your hands—you have a magnificent property which belongs to you, and you must bring your energy, and you must bring your money, whether you have to borrow it or not, to develop that property. (Cheers). Works, public works, should always, as far as possible, that is public works undertaken by loan monies, be of a remunerative character. (Cheers)* And, gentlemen, only one word more of polities. I wish to express an earnest hope that whoever may take charge of the affairs of your country, the men who will sit in the future chamber, will desire not so much to retain this or that Government in office, but to do that which shall be best in the interests of the colony at large. (Cheers). In other words, patriotism must be placed far in advance of all considerations of party or person. (Cheers). Gentlemen, yon, no doubt, will like me to. say as far as I am able to say atichis moment, when the first ministry will be installed. I wish it could be to-morrow, but unfortunately, there will be even a little more delay although not a very serious delay, than I, in the first instance, anticipated- I wish to be perfectly explicit not only with those gentlemen, I am now addressing, but with the whole colony. I will at all times speak to you on public questions without any shadow of reserve and therefore 1 do not, for a moment, hesitate to tell you why it, is that I think a little further delay will be unavoidable. There is no provision in the Act for the issuing of writs by the Governor except in the case of a general election. The Governor issues writs for a general election but all writs for vacancies erealod from time to time in the House of Assembly have to be issued by the Speaker. Therefore, if at the moment the elections are over—as I should like to do—1 send for somebody—some politician to form a Government, that politician and his colleagues would, on accepting portfolios and becoming ministers to the Crown, ipso facto cease under the law to be members of Parliament, and they could not again go before the constituencies until Parliament had met antl a Speaker had been elected, and had issued his writs for the elections. ^ Now there is no alternative under these [circumstances—inasmuch as it would be highly inconvenient and unconstitutional for a Governor to meet Pailiament without a ministry in office, {that is to say, to meet Parliament for the despatch of business without a ministry in office—there is no alternative but to allow the House to meet at the earliest possible moment, for the Governor to open the proceedings formally and to ask the House to elect a Speaker, and as soon as they shall have done that for the Governor to appoint a ministry, who must ask for an adjournment in order to go to the country again, which they can do, the Speaker then being in a position to issue writs for the election. I am sorry for this delay. I had hoped to be able to instal a ministry the moment the elections were over but 1 do not 'see that it will be possible to do fo, because ofi these defects in the Constitution Act. Although there will be delay of a few weeks, yet 1 think it will not be a delay which will retard the progress of the colony, or inflict on the colony any great injury. (Cheers). As to your district, gentlemen,. I have very great faith in the future of Albany and its neighborhood. (Cheers). You have a magnificent harbor, on the defence of which money will shortly be expended. (Cheers). You have a climate unsurpassed not only in Australia but I verily believe, in the whole world. (Cheers). You have a railway connecting with the capital of the colony, and you havo an abundance of land not far off capable of cultivation ; and, to put the matter to you in a homely manner, I believe I have noticed on this table to-day some ten or twelve imported articles, some from the old country, and some from the other colonies, everyone of which can be produced, and probably better produced, in the immediate neighborhood of Albany. (Cheers). Gentlemen, it is very pleasant to me as one who has visited this town of Albany on many previous occasions to sit in the balcony of my hotel and see the great steamers come into your harbor and to hear the whistle of the train which I know is taking many people from <this to Perth and carrying on the business arrangements along lx>th sides of the line. (Cheers). It is very pleasant for me to do that; and it will be still more feasant should the day come when I can Iisten to these sounds and see these sights from the balcony of a house provided here and which shall be called the Government House. (Loud cheers). I am quite sure of this that there is no summer retreat in the whole of Australia which can offer to a Governor, or to any other official, or to an invalid such splendid attractions as your beautiful little town. (Cheers). And if in the future it should be the pleasure of the country, that is of the ministry representing the country, to provide a residence here for the Governor and if that good time should come- during the time of my residing in the colony, I can assure you that it will give me very great plcapure to come down from time to time and meet some of my friends down in this part of the colony, anil I am confident of this that my friend Mr. Wright will be glad when that time comes to make the same excellent arrangements for my journey that he has been so kind as to make on previous occasions. (Cheers.) I cannot speak of public questions, but this I know from experience that Australians while they are thoroughly loyal to the institutions of the old country which we endeavor to reintroduce here in no unworthy form, are also thoroughly loyal and thoroughly respectful to whoever may occupy the position of Governor in virtue of his position as representative of Her Gracious Majesty the Queen—(cheers)—and that whatever may ^"-(.ct eers^-anu tn« wnaiever may ^ W*" 1 ' 8 or dements of the mdiyi. dual, he is certain to receive from the hands of the loyal Australians a cordial and sympathic welcome. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, you have given me proof to-day that my confidence in this respect is fully justified, and I thank you once more for the great kindness with which yon have, received the toast of my health. (Cheers). The Ex MAYOR (Mr. John Moir) next gave " The Executive Council." They would all agree with him that the Executive Council embraced some of the most able men in the Colony. They had borne the heat and burden of the day ; and their application to its welfare had brought the colony to its present successful stage. They had to look to them in the future as the men who were likely to assist ably under the new constitution. It remained for the people to try and retain their services under the new constitution. (Cheers). The Hon. COMMISSIONER OP RAILWAYS responded. He regretted that the response should not have been made by some older member of the Executive Council, especially as he supposed thai; this was the last time the toast of the Executive Council would be proposed. He could assure them that the Executive Council during the last year or two had had by no means an easy time of it. In consequence of the impending change of Government many things which they would have been only too anxious to see accom plished had been delayed and they had been unable to do work for the colony in many ways in which they might have worked. He thought he was simply echoing the sentiments of each member of the Executive Council when he said they hailed with much pride the advent of the new Constitution and that when the right time came they would gladly hand over the r eins to Government elected by the people and responsible to the people. (Cheers.; Cr. KNIGHT gave the toast, "The late Legislative Council and the late District Member." He looked upon himself, he said as an old identity and the old identities clung to old institutions and were rather prejudiced against new institutions. He numbered himself among the old identi ties as he was one of the fmt white piccanninies that Western Australia produced after the arrival of the pioneers from the old country. (Laughter and cheers) If he consulted his own feelings he would prefer to drink the toast in silence as he looked upon the late Legislative Council as a dear and departed friend, but the ex member, as he might term Mr. De Hamel desired, he believed, to say a few words. To say that the old form of Government had not been a success was a great mistake for he thought that under the old form of Gov ernment the colony had done wonders having made progress in many directions as witness the telegraphs, the railways and steam communication with the other colonies and throughout the whole of the Northern part of the colony. Before these means of communication were provided, Albany was completely isolated from Perth and Fremantle, the only communication being by mail coach, and before that the mails were carried on pack horses. He could remembei these times and they saw what the colony was now and he did not think that any one could say that .'the old Legislative Council had not done its work well. There was. however, always a desire to impiove the form of Government and Western Australia bad got the change she sought. He hoped that the new constitution would be a success and that the progress of the next twenty years would compare well with the progress in the past twenty years. (Cheers) He hoped that the new 'Constitution would do more for the colony than the old one, but still they should not condemn the bridgethat had carried them over. (Cheers). Mr. DB HAMEL responded. He said: It would be, I believe to the great majority of the.membere of the late Legislative Council almost a mournful and melancholy task to have to rise and respond to the toast which had been so ably and kindly proposed—a toast which, I believe, has been in this room proposed for the last time in the annals of this colony. Gentlemen, most imnn believe in that'form of Government—or of anything else no matter what it may be—to which they have been accustomed ; and the majority of the members of the late Legislative Council grew up in and were accustomed solely to the one and the old form of Government. There is no wonder gentlemen, that many of them should look somewhat askanec at the taking of the plunge from the old to the new form of Government. But to myself born and brought up in a country where the true principles of Responsible Government have cxistedinot for years but ages.it is easy to respond to thL toast. To me it is a pleasure to think that the old form of Government of this colony is gone and gone for ever. (Cheers.) Gentlemen 1 do not say this of myself but 1 remember seeing it in print— that the form of Government in this colony was described as " neither fish, flesh, fowl nor good red herring." (Laughter.) These gentlemen, are my sentiments entirely with regard to the late form of Government, which I am thankful to say is now gone and buried. (Cheers.) But, gentlemen, the members of the late Legislative Council were in no way responsible for the form of Government which it was their duty to administer, and during the three sessions that J havo had the honor of being your representative in that house, 1 can say this, and say it truthfully, that every elected member—and I am glad to say every nominated member also— has striven honestly so to cast his vote, as might prove most conducive to the general advancement and prosperity of the colony irrespective, gentlemen—for this is what 1 consider the most important part of my testimony—of all purely personal or private considerations altogether. (Cheers). The late form of Government is now dead, but I am glad to find that most of the members of the late House will really take part in tho constitution of the new House. [The speaker went on to say that he expected that every member of the late House who had put up for election would be returned] He continued : I tell you this, gentlemen, that the return of the members of the late House to the new will be a benefit to you, will be a benefit to the colony, for the new form of Government will be a very different thing to the old, and the ballast given by the members accustomed to the forms of the House, accustomed to the late form of Government will do very much to prevent [any Government under the new Constitution from running too fast for the safety of the colony. (Cheers). Gentlemen, many people are unaware of the great differences that will exist between the old form and the new. His Excellency the Governor in addressing you described in some degree how great would be that change. Let me give you one instance, an instance in a simple matter. Supposing that under the late form a constituency required any measure introduced for its own benefit, the electors wrote to the member and what had he to do ? He had to pay court at Government House. He had to gain the ear of His Excellency the Governor. For if he obtained the approval of His Excellency to the measure that he was desired to introduce, the Government would be instructed to prepare, to introduce and to support it. The nominee members would then receive an intimation as to how they were to vote, (cries of "No, no") but under the new form of Government everything is jaltered, a member may introduce a measure but it will stand or fall on its merits. (Cheers.) When a member introduces a measure under the new form of Government it is net to His Excellency the Governor that he will look but rather to the support that he will obtain from the leader of the Government or the leader of the Opposition. It is to the support that he will be able to obtain in that House and not to outside influence that he will trust for the success, the passage of the measure in which he is interested. (Cheers.) But, .gentlemen, though I say that the * direct influence of His Excellency the Governor may be gone, yet do not imagine for one moment that His Excellency the Governor will become a mere cypher iin the conduct of the affairs of this colony. Far be it from that. I tell you that if the Governor be popular—if the Governor be possessed of tact, he willjexercisej&n; immense influence over the legislation of this colony. (Cheers). I tell you gentlemen that to the members of the late Legislative Council the appointment of His Excellency the present Governor is a happy omen of good to this colony. (Cheers). *l have myself and so have most of you heard, wonder expressed that His Excellency should condescend after having been Governor of more important colonics, come back here and take the reins of Government in this Cinderalla of the group. I have heard that expressed, but gentlemen 1 say this that that acceptance of the post is no less a credit to His Excellency the Gov ernor than his selection for this poet is aispecial honor and high testimony to him. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, thrice Governor of the same colony, what man can write that after his name? There is but one, and that one is sitting here on my left,- His Excellency the Governor of this colony. (Cheers). He can write "Thrice Governor" after his name, which is a high testimony to his character and to his abilities, and he adds a still higher one, for he was specially selected on this third occasion to the governship to do what ? To terminate the old and inaugurate the new form of Government. (Cheers). Gentlemen, to my mind that is an honor of which His Excellency may indeed be truly and well proud. I believe myself, and in this I speak, I know, the minds of the late members of the Legislative Council, that had the wide world been swept you could not have found any other Governor so ably fitted, so eminently qualified, to take upon himself the task of the Govern ment of this colony as His Excellency Sir William Robinson. (Cheers). 1 believe that it is in his power so to influence the members of the late Legislative Council who may take their share in the new Government that they may so direct their acts to the advancement and prosperity of the colony that when his term of office expires His Excellency may be able to say of himself in the words of that greatest of ancient Latin poets Exegi monnmentum sere perenuius, Quod non imber edax, iion Aqnilo imiwtens Possit diruere, aut innumerabilis Annorum series, et fugia tempo rum. That thus they may succeed is my earnest hope and prayer and this, I may tell you, that passing over the defects of the late House by forgoing all our numerous omissions—our sins of omission and of commisgion—by giving us the kindly lenient treatment you have in the way that you have received this toast you have bound those of us who will be returned to the new House to redoubled efforts in the cause of the progress of the colony and the cause of the prosperity of its inhabitants. Gentlemen, for myself and on behalf of the late members of the Legislative Council, I have to thank you. (Cheers.) Cr. LAYTON next proposed the toast, " The New Constitution." The GOVERNOR gave the toast, " The town of Albany and Sister Corporations." He said . I need hardly tell you that the toast is one which I propose to you with great pleasure inasmuch as thoBe of us who have watched the progress of public affairs in Western Australia as I have for some sixteen years past are well aware that the local representative governing bodies—whether you call them Town Councils or Municipalities or by whatever name—in the past have done the greatest possible service for the various districts of which they have had charge. (Cheers.) Before a Parliament was in existence in Western Australia these local representative bodies were already in charge of the affairs of their various districts and were training, and successfully training, the public mind for the greater measure of representative Government which is now duly passed. (Cheers.) I look back to these bodies as having done the greatest amount of public service possible and therefore I do say this that on the change of Government—stepping as we are now from the old Crown Colony form to the representative form as applicable to the colony itself, it is with great pleasure that I find myself entrusted with proposing the toast of these bodies that have done so much to promote the value of the representative character of the Government which you are about to enjoy. (Cheers). Mr. De Hamel, in terms which personally I need scarcely tell yon T highly appreciate and for which I am grateful, has referred to my connection with the Governor and has reminded you that even under Constitutional Government the Governor is by no means a cypher. He has said what is strictly correct both constitutionally in theory and in praHiee and I would remind you of a little more that he said. JHe said that the Governor does not, and I say more that he must not, interfere directly in the course of public affairs. If he is a wise man he will refrain even from advising his ministers unless they solicit his advice on this or that question which may happen to be before the country at the time ; but 1 would also remind you of where^ what is probably his most important function comes in apart from the indirect influence ho may be able to bring to bear on the affairs of the colony. His most important function comes in in the indisputable power which he has at ail times to say no. Ministers may make their plans, put them before the country, and do so without any interference or without any suggention or advice on the part of the Governor, but if the Governs is satisfied that anything that they propose, cither in the heat of debate or without being sufficiently considered, would really be injurious to the welfare of her Majesty's subjects through out the colony generally—if from this or any other cause he feels it his duty to say " No " to what they propose, he has a constitutional and a practical right to say so. (Cheers). Nay more than that, he is bound to do so, at whatever personal inconvenience or risk to himself, if he is satisfied that in the interests of the people such a course on his part is necessary. (Cheers). Hnving further enlarged on this point, His Excellency continued : It is a broad principle of constitutional government that theiministcra are left free and unfettered in proposing to Parliament such measures as they conceive are most conducive to the public interests. They do so unhampered by any interference or advice on the part of the Governor, unless they wish to solicit that advice. He never interferes unless, after carefully considering all the bearings of the question, he deems it necessary in the interests of the public to say " No. Then, of course, ministers have t« resign, and a further set of ministers are installed, who, if the Governor is right in the course which he has undertaken, will not advise him to do that which in the interests of the country he refused to do on the advice of their predecessors. (Cheers). Gentlemen, it is not for me to give any advice to the Municipality of Albany as to what they should do to promote the interests of their town. Judging from the progress vou have made and the condition in which I find your public affairs, I should say that they are admirably looked after. (Cheers). Now, if 1 may judge by one simple indication—as I came in at the door, I noticed there was a board on which there was painted, " Bye-laws of the Municipality" or some such words, but otherwise the board was a blank. Does not that indicate that your public affairs are in such a condition of perfection—that your citizen* are so loyal and so well behaved that nothing more in the way of legislation is required. (Laughter.) But gentlemen of the municipality, 1 believe it is your duty not only to watch over the immediate affairs within the radius of your town but to make suggestions to the proper authorities from time to time as to what improvement* for the benefit of the neighborhood and the district are desired. (Cheers.) I should like to make one suggestion, Mr. Mayor, and that is that you should endeavour to use your influence and the influence of your municipality in the proper quarter to bring about the establishment of a lighthouse on the Leeuwin. (Cheers.) I have had many opportunities lately of conversing with expert* on thi* subject, some half-dozen captains of the various lines of steamers, and without exception, 1 have been informed that in their opinion such a light would be highly desirable. (Cheers.) The question was raised so me few years ago when I was in charge at Perth before. I cannot tell you at this moment from memory why it was not carried out, but I am under the impression that one of the English departments,—the Admiralty or the Board of Trade—was opposed to the erection of such a light, on this ground, that sailing vessels would, in endeavouriug to make the light, come closer to the shore than was advisable, but you must remember this that the greater part of our trade is carried on in magnificent steamers which will endeavor to make land whether a light i* there or not. If a light were on the Leeuwin it would effect a great saving of time and proving an enormous advantage to passengers and persons interesting in shipping. (Cheers). Mr. Mayor, I am afraid 1 have encroached too long on your time (" No, no") I have looked around the room and see one object which indicates that the Albany people recognise that they are certainly not slaves. 11 look to where I see the Royal arms of Old England, and I am reminded that neither the people of Albany nor the people of Australia are slaves in any sense of the word, but enjoy full political liberty under the freest Constitution that the world has ever known. (Cheers). Mr. Mayor before I sit down—before 1 propose 'this toast, I should like to express one word of sympathy withithoee whom the telegraph told us this morning have suffered [loss by rather exceptional bushfires in the neighborhood of York. They have my most earnest sympathy and I trust the loss reported to us by telegraph will be less than is supposed. (Cheers) I have now to propose the toast entrusted to me, and I know you will receive it with all honor. (Cheers.) The MAYOR and Cr. KNIGHT responded and the proceedings then terminated. 