NEWS AND NOTES. Telegraphic communication on the Port Darwin line was restored at 6-15 a.m. yester- day. _ To-Day mails for the Australian colonies, New' Zealand, Fiji, Ac, will be made up at the.General Post Offloe at 11-30 a.m. Má.'J.F. STONE, by the last mail, received an information from London appointing him, for another three years, Imperial Agent for this colony. Owing to the roughness of-the weather last evening, the M.R V. Band did not play on the Esplanade. A commencement will be made next week. Since Thursday week the glass has been be- low 80.00. It has gradually decreased dur- ing the week, and yesterday it bad reached 29.70. This is the lowest reading registered for sevaral months. We have been requested to state that ty fitton J the meetings of " the Fremantle Bhilharnjonio Sooiety will be " held in the Tbwn Hall every Monday evening, instead of Friday." The first meeting under the new arrangement takes place naxt Monday. Tra following is the rateable value of Fremantle:-Weet ward, ¿620,693; North ward,/417,610 ; South ward, 410,527 ; Tqtal-^448.830. The rate for the year i« la Odin the 4, which gives »total of 44,089 Sa «¿available for collection. " * ON Thursday week a bush fire broke out at Subiaco, and continued to spread for two dara. . In the course of its progress the fire reached the dwelling house of Mr. J. R. Jfnes. Fortunately a large space had been cleared around the house, and although the flames' came within a short distance of the fence, no damage was done. i - Wa understand that the special andit of the aoeonnt« of the collector of the Fremantle Munioipal Council, oonoluded yesterday, and that the result of the sorntmy shows a den. èfenoyof 4364 19a.'Id. The auditors'report will'-be read and probably considered on Tuesday evening at the usual monthly meet- ing ef the Council. TH« traflo returns on the Eastern Railway for th« month ended November 26th, 1889, were a« follows ¡-Passenger« and parcels, 41,859 11«.; «cods, 41,717 10s. 8d.-total, 4f5771« 8d, a« against 42,954 9« lOd for the corresponding month in 1888. The tonnage during the month waa 3,805 tons If owt. ; in Novemb«r,4888, it waa 2,972 tons 8 owts. SXVXBJX well-known gentlemen interested in the Eight H«ur«' Movement. will address a meejine; ".* *»e Meahanio«' Hall, Perth, on Saturday evening at eight o'olook. Among the speakers are Mr. W. H. James, Mr. G. T. Simpson, and Mr. W. H. Neelwds, President of the" Eight Hours' Association. The occasion will be taken advantage of, to diatributo the prize« won at the Guildford sport« on Monday last. turn following' namea.were; added, yesterday, te i «ha daily, list of ' persons'; for "whom un- claimed letter« are lying at the General Post ©fio«:-John Boyle, J. P. , Casserley, J. Doyle, Miss B."Furyr WOUam.. .Grace, D. Grierson, H. ~. f. 8. - San fallowing notioes appear in the '-Long Lort Relatives "list in LUyi'e Weekly Lon- don Newspaper for December 29th : " George Clifford; * sailor, shipped ia the Angerton in August, 1887, for Fremantle. Mi«'mother stake.-Maty Ann Elphio (nie Healey) sailed with her husband to the Emigrants' House, Perth, and in 1878 waa at Rowlett's (How lettfrP), brick yard, Perth, W. Australia. Sister ingnise«.-Biohard Reeve left London IÎrç:fWiB»atl« in i8Çf->2.^ Hrother^om." YXSTXRJDAT ' a "petition in liquidation was filed at the Supreme Court by Mr. Sydney flymns, ohemis^ and druggUt, of Howick ?treat, Ber^h. The estimated liabilities are let dawn! at 47,184 Is. lOd. The'.Qrst general meeting of oreditors will be held on {ho 20th pvox., at the offloe of Mr, B, S, Heine«, «olicitor. The following is a list of the creditor« with the estimated liabilities in each instance. A.M.P. Society 41742 ; W-A. Bank 4300; E. G. Lacey 4197 13s 4d.; Aubrey Brown,4122 «.. T /*- « _ ", ». ucave »or; Crowder and Leteaferd 446 5s.; Bank of N.aW., 48,200 15*. 6d.; G. Sadler, Guild ford, 41,500, Total 47,184 Is. lOd. I * .' * * » ' v i v 8nu> aaottaw^nobl« gift toLondon isan .puño^dbyaeontemporary. The Duke'of We^mlaator, «n bepelf at « pqmnuttw of whian .à» ia Chairman, has written to the Count? QoanoO, asking theo» to aoaept the Boyal Victoria Garden» (late North Wool- wich'Gardens) a« a recreation ground for the publie, the garden« having been purchased at a ooat of 419,000, to which a further expense of 41,500 has been added, of which latter amount the Council are asked to contribute the «um of 41,000. The ground, being near the Woolwich Ferry, will be available for iaaabituta on both «¡des of the river, and witt be a valuable addition to the park« and open apaoee whioh the Council now maintain for the benefit of the public. ttmm mp«t pld lawyers retired from $« Srofession, Serjeant Robinson (says the Pall taU Gautte) thinks very highly of the men who are now the leader« of the Bar. Altl . igh he greatly differs from Sir Charles Rust eli in politics he described him in conversation as one of the ablest lawyers and bist speakers that the Bar has ever known. He doesn't think, however, that barristers arj snch good lawyers as they were, bat nowadays, as he siya, tbey have very much more to learn. He remembers when Fleet-street was a great barrier between Equity and Common Law. " There is no barrier now," he said recently to one who got him to speak of these things ; " a barrister in these t'ays has to know a bit of every kind of law." A FATAL occurrence took place at Portland on Wednesday, Jannary 8 (records the Mel- bourne Herald), by which David Bru-vstor, a diver engaged on the harbour works, lost his life. The deceased was under water for some time without signalling, and the man at the life-line, fearing something was wrong, pulled np, when it wa3 found that Brewster was not breathing. Medical aid was summoned, and every effort used to restore animation, bnt without avail. The theory is that deceased fainted whtle beneath the water, and was suffocated before those above knew that any- thing was wrong, as the air pipe was quite clear, and the men at the pump and life-line were both experienced and reliable hands The accident is the first of a serious nature that has oecnrred daring the four or five years the works have been in progress.1 ACCORDING to the official meteorological report for the 24 hours preeeding 9 a.m. yes- terday, ¡rain fell at the undermentioned ob- serving stations to the extent specified : Bannister, *01 Kojonup, '07 ; Israelite Bay, '02 and Arthnr '15. The weather was clon'dy at Jarrahdale, Pinjarrah and Bridgetown; fine but oloudy at New Norcia and Bremer Bay ; threatening at Dongarra ; threatening ram at Fremantle ; snltry at Newcastle,! York, Bannister, Williams,-Kojonup, Monat Barker, Albany, and ,Euola; overcast at Gingin, Guildford, Perth, Mandurah, Bunbury, Vasse, and Israelite Bay ; hazy at Eyre, gloomy at Arthnr, and generally fine at all other ob- serving stations. The maximum ¡tempera- ture in shade during the same period was as follows! York, 101, Perth, 102; Fre- mantle, 94 ; Bunbury 94 ; Albany 72 ; and Esperance Bay, 86. The'intercolonial're- ports were as follows: Adelaide 89, and Mel- bourne 77 ; fine and clear ; Sydney 81, over- cast, with 2 49 rain. No report was re- ceived from Brisbane. Owing to the inter- ruption of the northern telegraph line no reports were received from any of the observ- ing stations to the north of Dongarra. THE demand for irrigation works in Victoria seems still to be unsatisfied, for we learn from the Melbourne Age that a large irriga- tion trust has been formed in the Bairnsdale district, and as soon as the necessary plans and specifications ofLthe head works, collect- ing and distributing channels connected therewith are prepared, their construction will be commenced. The truat has been granted a loan "of ¿111,376, and will be entrusted with rating powers np to 25s per ,cent. on the municipal valuation. The sóbeme of works includes the construction of a large ?weir on the Murray Elver below' 'its jinotios iwith Stoney Creek ; "the excavation of a main ohannel along the left bank of the river, nearly three miles long, -capable of carrying 850 cqbio feet of water per minute, the erec- tion of a flume across the Mitchell Biver capable of carrying 7000 oubio feet per minute. All these works will be carried out by the trust. The water will be obtained from the Mitohell Biver, whence the trust has power/to draw 8500 oubio feet of water per minute, but the quantity to be diverted 'must not exceed -more-than one-half the natural flow of the river at any time. " 'id ._ '-i ' / SINCE Saturday, a change from the intensely hot weather which has prevailed for upwards of ten days has been "threatened, and the appearance of the sky last evening gave rise to hopes that it would not.long be delayed. Sueh a long and uninterrupted period of heat is nnnsnal, even in Jannary, when bash-' fires aro not of infrequent occurrence, and .generally the scorohibg- winds are inter- mitted every two or ,threo days by a refresh- ing seabreeze. Snob, however, has not been onrj experience .durang the ;]last ten days.^aB even'when there was a breeze from the west or south-west, it had-generally to pass through the buskfires whioh ' havo raged across the water, i i On Tuesday evening, a' thunderstorm' was threatened, and the dis- play of lightning was very general through- out the central districts. It passed off, how- ever, and was suooeeded by thirty-six hours close, stifling heat. Yesterday i afternoon, a little light rain fell for about ten minutes, after whioh the clouds-lifted for a while. Last evening, the indications of rain were moro threatening. From several country district«, ,we hear that the weather ex- periences have been similar to'thoBO ofjtfca residents in towns, and that just as about a week ago, Perth was> enveloped in huge clouds of smoke, so in several of the country districts, the1 smoke from the bushfires covers the whole place. To this may be added that the weather wise aboriginals amongst then} seyeral who predicted a fjqqd last yeir-say that after this long spell'of heat, a heavy downpour' of raia may be ex peoted, i AT the conclusion of the brigade parade of the volunteers, on Wednesday evening, a meeting of officers was hold in the Military Office, at which the arrangements for the tournament it is proposed to hold in the oourse of the next few months were dis- cussed. The following were elected a gene- ral committee: The Commandant, Major Pilkington, President; Major Gardiner (Guildford Bifles), Captain Haynes (Perth Artillery), Captain Sholl (Metropolitan Bifles), Captain Mttohel} (NorthtfdSfpíbñ Biflos), Captain Clifton (Fremantle Bifles), Captain DeHamel (Plantagenet Bifles), Captain Cowan (Geraldton Bifles),. Captain Mayhew (Fremantle Artillery), Major Hum- ble (retired), Major Phillips (retired), Captain H. Crook (Viotorian Militia), Captain ÁÍ A. Scott (S. A. Volunteers), Surgeon Elliott, Surgeon White, Lieuton an| and ^taf. Adjutant "GampbelJ, 2nd Lieutenant .Wittenoom (Geraldton trifles), and ,8nd ¿¡«utoaant Hobbs ? (POTUI Ar- tillar?). Tat dato has not yet been fixed, bnt it is hoped that it will take place on one of the autumn holidays. It is proposed that immediately before or after th,e tournament, á rifle shoot- ing match shall 'take place, at Berth, between teams selected from the different qorps in the colony, i ¿Chis,' it is hopqoï, wiU he the first masting te take plaça under, the ausnioes of the new Bifle Association. A suggestion has been made that one feature of the tour- nament should be a musical competition be-v tween the bands of the various corps. In addition to the general committee, a oommit tee will be formed in each corps to look after the work of its own corps in connection with the tournament. These committees will not be confined to the officers, but all ranks will be represented. The general committee will meet at the Military Office, en Saturday next, at 8 p.m. ' ' ' ^ ^ " A MOVXMSNT is qn foo| to erect a. memorial tombstone-qver the grays of the late 8«/- J> E. Tenison Woods, who died in Sydney, last October at the age of 57-'' "There are' few men" (says the Argus) " commotes] with these oolonies to whom the honor ceuld be more fittingly mid. For 34 years MT. Woods was associated with one or other of the Austral asian colonias, and it was chiefly in connec- tion with Australasia "that, hi» »reputation as a scientist was mad»- 'n>»iJUl- ''- ". L . -- »ot». uone uy him as a geologist was that, perhaps, whioh brought his name most prominently before the world. Bat he possessed one of those varied and adaptable* intellects, which oan fasten* dp* an maqy1 different branche« of «tudyj and throw lighÇ npon everything tyey' toke «p. His researches ifsre nof" confined to geology, hut extended tq botany snd natural history as well ; and on all these and their kindred Bnbjeota he has written learnedly and well. For the late Boman Catholic priest, apart from his clerical fanotions, was by no means a scientist of the dry as-dust type. He was also a soholar, a linguist, a musician^, aq artist, and, it may be added, » thorough man of the world as well, For all these qualities Mr. Woods, will, of course, be deeply missed by his friends, who will no doubt come forward now to pay what honour they can to his memory. But Mr. Tenison Woods had olaims on Australia as a whole, ?¡yljieh wg think wi|} be reoogaisad by meny o/ thos"ev who" only, §nqw bim vhr.oftgh JÙB Wpr.ks.~ The natural tqarvels qfoqr continent are so many, a ed thoso who devote themselves to a study of them aro so few, that Austra- lians may well be grateful to a man who gave np the best, and indeed nearly the whole of his life to investigating them, and bringing them before the notice of the world. The w*rk done by Mr. Woods was done for Australia, and on this ground the response made to the present suggestion might well be something almost Australian in character. Various gentlemen in the different colonies have undertaken the duty of collecting sub- I scriptions to the fond which it is proposed to THE Customs returns for,this month are as follows: The'receipts are 410,492 4s. 4d. This is a decrease of 4635 10s. lid. on th« receipts for January of last year.. The re- ceipts for Fremantle, last month, were 46,872 16s. 2J.. being a decrease of 41,248 4s. id. For the outporU the receipts for this month ware 43,619 8s. 2d., which is an increase of 4111 19s. 2d. on the corres- ponding month of 1889.; ;,!>.. >.. \ . < INDIAN coolies, to the number of 6,000, are now resident, states the Sydney Morning Berala, in the Fiji group of islands. They were imported to work on the sugar planta- tions, and a report which contains a reference to their tbrlftyihabitij Ja'to hand from Save. ¡Wages earned by task* work vary consider- ably on the different plantations ; the ' gen- eral average may' be set down at 10{d. per diem for male labourers and about 7Jd~ for women. Out of these small wages the people manage to save, every woman posses- sing more or less of silver ornaments in the 'shape of bangles, anklets, nose and ear rings, the'Ágen¿-Génerál( at 8uva being able to report over 47000 deposited on interest with the department, and probably even ra larger sum is forwarded ia coin or..deposited with plantation storekeepers. Of the Poly- nesian labourer« the same report says: lue Polynesian immigrant population is es- timated at 2,099, a large proportion of whom, havtog completed» their i term of indentured serveee, baye passejdf out of the control of the department. These men, having no intention of returning to their own homes, engage as domestialaèrvautB} store labo'ursrsj or for short terms of plantation work, and being, as a rule, both tractable and intelligent, are able to command good wages, and if they de- sire it, which few do, constant employment. The average mortality amongst these people is quoted at 3-68 ; the Indian coolies, 2-39. 