AGEICULTUJiAL NOTES. We have now experienced a week of terribly oppressive weatfcer, and up to the present time of writing there are uo signs of change. The tot weather has been general throughout the co'ony , and has told with wonderful effect on the vraterholes and dams as well as the pastures. Even in the late districts the colour of the herbage has changed verv much during the l-ast week, the pastures being everywhere as bleached as during utidsumrcer. Land holders generally are commenting upon the wonderfully rapid evaporation of water this season in Ute w.iteiholes, etc.. in their paddocks. We have only reached the beginning of the dry weather, yet in the majority of instances the waterholes and dams are receding with an alarming rapidity that threatens a short supply in a very few- weeks, unless we get soino'heavy thunder showeri There is every reason to believe that rair. is not f ar -] istant. .Exceptionally heavv rains, follow ing a week of eultry weather, 'have fatten in Queensland and the 'northern districts of New South Wales, and latest reports show that the change is n:ov£n;r in a southerly direction, so that when ihe ?' lmu!: -ip' of ihe present oppressive l.»t sets iv., Ke probabilities are that Victoh. also wl.i I..- visited by a heavy downfall. The Q'ttv.-v'-wfa-rt;.. ? heavy rains as being peneral throughout t'.: ...irtfcem colony. In the Northern iis iricia ^ n- t damage has been done by the iood wit ?; ? . .at from latest tele graphic rejxris it will ? ? «en that the floods are now- aiming. At rC.irmanton the water has fallen 3ft. and is ste:.(ily receding. In the Southern and central t/i.istil districts Tain has been falling almost ccntinuouslv. From Hock -hamgton ^we learn that the Comet Eiver is rising, and that the Fitsxoj is receiving large quantities of flood water. Heavy rain is falling iuifce-Wide Bay BodBnrnettaistriclB.aiidtiflre ^JWMfearofaseriousflocd. IntheMoretou jigtaajrin W been /idling almost without '~w%»uiiicn»aiDii ravers max a. lew TOefiKSoacK^rerepecrecUy dry* are sot running iwnVhigh. A splendid season for grass is now regarded as a certainty. After 6ereral days of intcnEelvhot and sultry weather, the northern and western districts of Jiew South Wales have been visited by un usually heavy rains. Bourke and the neigh bouring districts experienced a phenomenal fall of rain, more rain having fallen in two days than was registered during the whole of last year. In twenty-four hours TJin. rain fell. The downpour was the heaviest experienced for sixteen years. New England and the northern liver country have had steady rains. In lath jrow and the- mountain districts generally it has been cold, wet, and disagreeable. Wilcannia arm the west have had a rainfall of from a few points to 2in. On the coast, and in the metropolitan districts the downpour has not been as strong. In the south it is threatening, and raining in 6ome localities. At latest re rtorts the weather was warm, sultry, and showery in the interior. Tie crops are now nearly all garnered: but, doubtless, some of tie late uncut crops, and those stooked in the field, wi!l suffer more or less. Fortunatelv, the crops arc so far6ecured that a good harvest is assured. Rust has pinched (he late crops in a lew districts. }!ut this is by no means general. The rain has eftoctuallT checked bushfires, and assured a prolific yield' of grass and plenty of water for the au tnmn and winter months. Harvesting work is now verv nearlv at an end m South Australia so far 'as the 'north is concerned, and the dry weather which has been so favourable for gathering in the crops win snoruy be looked upon with anvthing but favour. Already (the Chmnitle reports' there are complaints that water is becoming scarce, and that water- carting will soon haTe to be resoited to in some of the dryer districts. TneEhnvelled state of some of the wheat which lias lately been reaped, and this from crops which before the appearance of rust promised & heavy yield of fine plump grain, has been a sore disappointment to those who had confi dently expected a good return for their year's labour. Unfortunately there appears lobe no wheat yet discovered which can be regarded as proof against the climatic conditions which favour tie development of rust ; but that which coaies to maturity earliest has the best chanoe. The latest statistical records issued from the Amprirnn Department of Agriculture indicate au average yield of cereals, a full supplv of meats of all kinds, and a cotton crop adequate lor all demands. The increase in variety of iruite, and in area occupied, in California and Florida, is yearly enlarging the nation's resources, and in some directions limiting importation of sub-tropical kinds. The great crop of American arable culture, maize, is larger in breadth this year than ever before, com pnsng more than half the area of all cereals. km representing three-fourths of all the maize grown in the world. It promises slightly more ttan an average yield, which Has been about 26 bushels per acre. Though dow in germina tion and eariy growth, in the Eastern and Southern States, from moisture and low temperature, the season was long and frosts late, with freedom from droughts, except in local and very limited areas. The production of wheat has for several years been so large as to reduce the price to a point so low as to dis courage growers. There has been an increase of demand since lS^-0, due to increase of population, of 70,00i),000 bcshels, a decline in foreign demand of about 05,000,000 bushels. The exportation of 1SS0-81 was l!-6,321,314 bushels in wheat and flour; the average for eight years since has been 121,300,G3S bushels. The United States still supplies the larger part of the European defi ciency, whichis much smaller than m the period of poor European harvests about ten years ago: ihe present crop will be a full average (be ttreen twelve and thirteen measured bushels per acre), but the quality is below an average, with Javier weignt ana Dread-making capacitv. There is an ample supply, however, for all prob able turopean demands, though deficient Yields elsewhere would tend to sustain, if not to ad vance prices. The necessity of economy in meat production has stimulate'd greatlv the pro duction of hay and dried forage, and the ex tension of the silo system, which has been en couraged by the demand of succulent feed, in the absence of scarcitv of roots, has greatlv en largedthcvolumeandvarietvof feeding material. Cooked or uncooked food for pigs has al ?waysbeena debatable point with pig-breeders, some agreemenU it must be admitted beiu' ad vanced on both sides of the question. At several of the agricultural stations and colleges m America, experiments have recently been made to test the respective values of cooked and uncooked food for fattening pigs. In all of these the gain and advantage have been in favour of uncooked foad ; but in none of the experiments are these so plainlv shown as at the Wisconsin station. These trials were made ?with great care and accuracy npon pigs of various breeds, fed in one series with barley meal, and in another with Indian com. The ?uncooked meal was fel dry in every instance andthe cooked meal was well cooked by steam. Inthebarleyseriestheaveragequantityoreooked lood required to make 1001b. of pork, live weight, was 6281b. Of barley meal, uncooked, onlj5S91b. were wanted. In the m»^? mea series, il/lb. of cooked meal were required, against 4631b. of uncooked meal to make 1001b. «J.P™ci live weight. Experiments in this «trecfaon at the Ontario College proved that peasTedia.w gave 1001b. gamin live weightfor &tm.ol;%e»B; fart thai 47Sb. ofcooket peas %51'.-i2SHBSUBS*--sraliice toe same gain. Trials' ^j^a^S^/^.je^-pae^iSeiaisx between 