The local railway league ought to take some immediate action with reference to the proposed line of railway connect ing the North-East with Heailicote. Some six years ago a trial survey was made between here and Heathcote, but before the statistics were furnished to the Department, the Assembly adopted the Wandong route. Since then a representative deputation waited on Mr Gillies, to ask that a survey might be made from here to Ii-ath cote, via Northwood. It was pointed out to the Minister that such a lint would accommodate the settlers in a progressive and rising district, and at the same time afford an easy and inex pensive route for connecting the North eastern line with the northern and wes tern portions of the colony Several prominent Members of Parliament ac companied that deputation, and im pressed on the Minister that the pro posed lijie would prove a public con venience, and, as such, deserved the support of the Government. Mr Gillies appeared to grasp the situation at a glance, and promised that a survey would be made. Some weeks later, a deputation from another district asked that they might also be favored with a survey of a line from their place to Heathcote. They submitted that such a line would form an excellent branch for connecting the North -eastern sys tem with the Northern lines of the colony. In reply, the Minister said he would send an officer to inspect and report on the route. Yet that line is being actually sun-eyed, while there is not a word about the Seymour route ! Looking. at the matter from a strictly neutral standpoint, it would appear to us that some unreliable data has been [ furnished to the Mincer in the mean time. It is the duty of the Seymour j League to have the matter at once j sifted, in order that the case may be fully and fairly laid before the Minister If Seymour is pot the best point for connecting the two main lines of the colony, we dp not ask that any further action may be taken ; but if it can he proved to Mr Gillies that no better lunctipn can be obtained, it is shnply suicidal for the residents of the district ft allow another route to be selected, 9D what looks very ||ke cuv unreliable view of the case. Following grants, &c.;, are lying at Sey- , mour Receipt and Pay Office, awaiting delivery : — Grants— J. Akers,' S. IJelling ham, \V- Davies (a), J. Leech, L.' Payne (J). E. S. Puree!) (3), C. Loan, C. Oxley, ; A. Robinson, H- Sanderson, C. Smith, J. | Vearin}! a'.d B- Williams. 'Leases— iC. E. ] Wallder, J. Johnson, J. Tebble. J. Red- 1 mond, P. Kelly, E. Green, M, Fox, J. G. Dotty, H. P. Doxey, J. H. Chrystal, L. 1 Murray, E. McLeish, E. Inylis, J. Gor don' J. Gaynor, E Oxley, F. liutler, C. Buder and' A. Robins. J. R. Davies, rf. Brace, G. . H. Curtis, J. Fox. W. liopkinson, M. ' A. Hoy an, ' N. Younger, C. J Siewart, S. J. Sheppard, J. Stewart, M. Stewart, A. Sandberg and J. Taylor. Payments— J. Clarke, C. Cross, C. Oargati, W. Fox (5). j. Francis, P. German (2). F. Johnstone, M. Luckino vttcli. J. Miller. J. Moiissey, D. McLeish (2), J. Mai tin, j. B. Nash. P. O'Brien, A. Parker, W. E. Jiannard', Executors late \V. Sheehan. R. Smith, R. H. Smith. E, \VT. Welch, T. Bolton, J. Gerrard, J. Gor don, J. Miloney and \V. J. R. Ray. We are Sony to say that Mr Perron, the popular host of the Canadian Hotel, is still timvell and confined to bed. On Wednesday he j^ot a rather bad change, hut recovered afterwards, and is getting on fairly since. It is said that a strike of the engine drivers on the Victorian railways will occur before very long. Since the appointment of Mr Allison Smith there appears to be a general feeling of discontent amongst the engine drivers and stokers. At Tuesday's mcetint; of the Seymour Shire Council it is proposed to appoint Dr. Smith Health Officer for the Avenel Ridiny. Up to the present I'r. Ray has officiated as Health Officer for the Shire ; and, although he has given .'i I satis faction, the Avenel ratepayers appear to think a resident man would be in a better position to look after the sanitary condi tion of the town. A good deal of dissatisfaction existed amongst the stewards of the Seymour Race Clul) on Wednesday last, in conse quence of what they considered over officiousness on the pait of the police in declining to allow roulette tables on the ground. A general opinion was expressed to the eftect lhat Lbe police were allowed too much latitude in deciding ivhat con- i slituted an illegal game, roulette being : allowed on some courses, while it is pro- i hibited on others. The Stratlibogie Railway League have ; refused to co-operate with Avenel in ask ing for a railway. They say they simply j want a line of railway, and do not care a red cent where it starts ftom. if the [ Avenel people are not successful | in ha\ ing their route adopted, it certainly will not be due to an absence j of energy on their part. At a meeting of the stewards of the Seymour Race Club, on Wednesdey even ing, it was decided to fine the owner of Verbena £$ if he could not offer a satis factory explanation foi omission regarding the scratching of the horse at lhat day 's races. On Wednesday afternoon a bush-fire broke out in Mr John Guild's paddock, joining the Seymour Rrcecoutse. For tunately, there were a number of hands soon 011 the ground, and the fire was put out berore much damage was done. It is rumoured that a new bakery is to started in Seymour in a few days. We have not heard the particulars of the case, but it is said the venture is the outcome of the present bakers' opposition to the Wednesday half-holiday. At the meeting of the Seymour Shire Council on T uesday next, a petition is to be presented from the business p c ile of Avenel, asking lhat every Wednesday afternoon may be gazetted as a halfholi day. It is rumoured that the Xeymou'r storekeepprs who requested a similar bye law adopted a short time ago will now ask that it may be rescinded. A billiard match for/5 aside took place 011 Monday night, at the Commercial Hotel, between two 'local knights of tlie cue,'' Messrs \Y. Andrews and W. Laikms. The points were 500 up, Andrews allowing hisopponer.t a handicap ?of 100 points. The game started about 8 o'clock, in the presence of a number of persons interested in the outcome, Larkins winning an interesting game after being pushed closely, securing the winning shot, when Andrew's score stood at 487, gain ing the game by 13 points.— W'angaratta Dispatch. The half-yearly meeting of the share holders of the Seymour ' Express' Co., Ltd., was to have been held on Tuesday last. However, there wis not a quorum present, and the meeting was adjourned until eleven o'clock on next Tuesday. A petition is now being taken round Seymour for signature, praying that the town may be constituted a borough. The promoters of the petition are confident that the Minister of Public Works will, have no hesitation in complying with the request. 1'he ?'Illustrated Australian News'' for March is a decidedly poor number. The frontispiece contains ihe picture of an ancient aboriginal, supposed 10 represent Sir Henry Parkes, and the ' humorous sketches' are a merely childish attempt loca5l ridicule on the Mounted Rifles. A sinoke nisht in aid of funds of Sey- j mour Rifle Club was held in Perron's Hall, on Tuesday evening, Mr Bishop officiating as M.C. The programme ,vas opened with a boxing match between Messrs Callow and O'Brien, in which there was sonic smart hitting, after which Mr E.Jones contributed a song. This was followed by some selections by the Seymour Band, very nicely rendered. Mr Clinch then sang a comic song, and Messis Callow and Jones had. a set-to with tlie gloves. Mr llalton contributed a sojig, and Messrs Bishop and Macin tire l;ad a few good bouts with the single sticks. After some more selections by the band, Sir Jones contributed a song, which was followed by a similar item from Mr Cushion. Mr Blake recited a Scotch piece, and Messrs Millerick and Ray gave an excellent display of boring. Mr Clinch recited ?' The Gift of the Gab,' and Mr Cushion gave a song. This was followed by a very ludicrous set-to with the gloves between Messrs O'Brien and Dowd. A couple more songs l-y Messrs Callow and. Thompson brought the pro gramme to. a dose, after which the pro ceedings terminated with the National Anthem. The intimation that another £2000 will be required to complete the Euroa water scheme, as announced in the engineer's last report, is fusing a great deal of ad verse comment. The figures by which the increase is made up certainly call for an explanation. A short time since a sum of .£200 was said to be all that was necessaiy to finish, therefore the proposal to bring up the loan to over .£ 10.000 is the more surprising. The public have a right to insist on a full statement of the various items. — ' Advertiser.'' A writer in the 'Yarrawonga Chronicle' says, 'Horsburg who embezzled the Shire funds to the extent of .£1 200 a church's funds to the estent of £25, a cemetery's funds to the extent of 50, and an agri cultural society's funds to the extent of gets off surpassingly well with six months without hard labor ! { feel %hpckeda^id scandalised.' 