Jp#tn§ iljitiiiliis j^erald* *ter tha o»os» tint lack) aisistanea ' Tor the wrong that oeedi resUtmw for the future in tho diituc* And th* good that we ow do.' ; MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1890. FIRE ! Each succeeding day brings before our eyea the increased probability of a grave disaster befalling this town, unless the residents will take heed of wholesome advice. As familiarity breeds contempt ? W.uoes a« evet-present and threatening '.,. , ^jnjger engender indifference, and it is ,, ./only when some arrival looks around -;?;- htm, and: exclaims, 'Good Heavens! . What could, save this town from being , . . ,', tfitftlly' destroyed if a bush-fire started near it?'1 that an old resident opens hi', ' for tho uoiuv, startled eyes, and ox-. claims, ' 15y Jove, you're right' tsince ' the memorable 27th November a. largo ' ' town has been springing up with giant strides, and scores of nuvv juildings are iioir in various, stages of completion. JMoro these new edifices oould be com . nienced, the blocks of laud upon which they were built. had to undergo a pie liminary process of clearing, and. the timber and brushwood are now lying in heaps or .cirele* at the back of the build ings,4mpretentiou8ly drying or otherwise preparing themselves to lend a hand to bathe Zeehan in a fiery flood when oppor- j fciw&yp.; resents itself, Now ftt this par ticular period of our existence we don't want to be burnt out, we are too pros- , perous and 'well-to-do, and, in addition I few of us are insured. , ?'; i Not so very long ago a. '; certain English Colony was ia a someniia|i^r rolved financial condition, and its de pressing effect was felt in business circles. One of the principal towiisift this colony was entirely constructed. oi wood, and most of the wooden structures were fully insured. Fires became so prevalent that when au evening party of , convivial spirits thought of dispersing, one of its number was bound to say, 'Let us wait by the fire,' and they generally did with the result that 'before they reached their respective abodes they had been interested spectators of two or three little conflagrations in various;, parts of that town. It was not until all the Fire Insurance offices had closed their doors, and a score or more; of the most enterprising of the townspeople were employed in picking oakum in the interests of a paternal government, that these doubtful means of making both ends meet ceased. It will probably Ik ' & long time before such ideas enter the ? heads of our townsfolk, if ever, and the . only fire they want to see here is one ' under the dinner pot, or on the hearth on a cold night, and their main object now should be to keep away the fire fiend, in stead of encouraging it as they are now doing. All colonists should bear in mind the fate of Woods Point not many years ago. This town, situated in Gippsland, . Victoria, presented many features iri: common with our own settlement. It was, at the time of its destruction,' a' wooden township of rather larger dimen sions than Zeehan, and was surrounded with bush of much the same description as that which environs us here. During one dry season a hush fire swept over ? the surrounding country, gathering in strength as it travelled, until, when it1' reached the town, it was powerful enough to leap over all semi-cleared tracts of land, and wipe out the town with its 'tongues of many-coloured flame.', When the proposed Town Board is formed, this subject is one which should receive its first attention, for every resi dent is at present too intent on forward; . ing his individual interests to have any time to devote to works for the common weal, and the happy-go-lucky tempera ments who think that sufficient for the day is the evil thereof are in .the majority here The Hon. N. J. Brown's letter, which appears in our correspondence columns, on the subject of his interview, with Mr Reynold*, one of the contractors' for the Strahan-Zeehan line, is satisfactory, inas nrocii hs it shows -l)Rt the contractors .ire aware that they cannot any longer close their ears to the general clamour for* a greater display of energy on their part Iban has characterised their work in the past. Whatever may have been the difficul ties they have laboured under, and we , acknowledge that they have bfiea coji*ider-! able, 11 mile* of completed line is a1 miserable result for nearly 12 -Tnonths' work. We accept their assurance ' that go far as the interests of their firm is con-' cerned, they wiil be best promoted by the earliest possible completion of the Hue,' but are of opinion, if Buck is the case, that ' they have done very little to '? promote , their own interests' hitherto. Mr Rey nolds assures Mr Brown that ' they intend to have 1,000 men at work, if they can obtain ihem, at the opening of. {he new year.' This is good news. ''That his '' firm expects to have the locomotive run-, ning into the station at Zeehan before .the end of June.' We shpuld,Iike. to see' it earlier, and, ?' that the line '*ill beM thoroughly completed before the end of, August.' This promise, if carried out| is ' fairly satisfactory. So far as , the; promise as to putting on 1,000 men, ' if they can get them,' is concerned, everyone kuows ' that the men can be obtained if the oon- * tractors like to pay for them, but it is an absurdity to expect men to do navvies work in the heart of a mining community for a lesser wage than they can get at the mines. To sum the matter up in the fewest possible words — Messrs Reynolds and Co. have now made certain promises, doubtless iu good faith, and with the full intent of carrying them out. These pro- ? mi6es, if carried out, ar« of a fairly satis factorily nature, hut without wishing to cast any reflection on Messrs Reynolds , and Co.'s bona fidss, we must point out that hitherto promises of all natures, and from all bodies and. personages to the West Coast, have been more honoured in the breach than ia the obsstvanco, there fore, we beg to suggest to the Government that as Messrs Reynolds and Co. havn , made this promise voluntarily, they should' legally bind themselves to carry it out. . Perhaps the Government will take notektf' ! our suggestion ? -Another enjoyable social took place on SiturJay evening iu the Wisaleyau Church, to a crowded audience. The following ladies and gentlemen kept tlieua in roargio^, . laughter and hod frequent recalls : — Misses Webster, Long, WLiimntiand Hancock^), Messrs. \Vil Jams, Biiant, G^eves, Smith, Lowe, Moore, rldiTis, Treuuiiie, Bowman, ?:' L0U4, Morrison, W*!t«rs, M. -ssrs Downie : and Rock's contributions -Wire greatly appreciated, Mies Pearson accompanied ' the vocalists on the organ. A coffae supper and the National Anthem brought a most enjoyable evening to a close. Mr Leslie Jolly, of Launccston, h&s; rno;£ ' generously forwarded us u cheque (i'oV'' £2 2s towards tho Zeehan 'Jrioket Club, Fund, ' '!:t:i .:':; :Wc are informed by the local tyj£J$£B8$i Jtjie Oceana Company^ thatsppligSHs J V|F The inauguration billiaru tournament at Camms' Room, was won on Friday night ty MrT^tr^haTf^fey^vith^O^rltr^tSTtr JfrjBafiie* behjg the/ yuanft^orl/. Mr/ -Guarsley.-Ws -played ?-* -oonswtent - gains - throughput, Andiheiiial heat proved a close -aw ififofesfiitg. 'struggle, ta '.few points onljH bfeinfe ihe.diffeh'erice^etween tho contestants at the conclusion. \v The enterprising firm of Messrs Alfdra and Goldsmith, have just received a large co:aignmentofSimmen(3OTds!-ibinpri»ing all the latest styles .in Dr^ss ..Stuffs. !M?n5ihWr'y, etc.',' which' al-s intiriM ut Town prices to oletTv i;The-popds,ar» -jpen for Inspectfofa to-aay.- ' ' l r ' '? n ' ul The Lawn Tennis Cqurl &? nofv'out_ of the contrastor's Imude, end he has carried , !O!it'hiscpntjractiin-t BatisfejCtorjr Manner'.1 Srveral'alteratio'ns will, however, be neces^ 8;u-y before it is in a playable condition. At' ?present 5t!i8' alfofcether' too level, and therefore ,the surface water lavs von or Boaks' Through 'the'' dressing, thereby pre- - j venting, the rapid ,,s,6tjingv of' the material, ' and it vrill be necessary to 'raise the whole court upon one; side, 'and 'gradually slope down towards the other. After, that is, done; ami' the 'difefesinjj ^hasT&een; wfijl; raked and rolled (whiph Mter can lie effected with a round block of 'timber), the court, should be almost ^s; perfect-as they' can be made. The people!of: ^eenin'wiilb'fe'^lsfi'to id that Mr T. L. Hood, of Hobart, has opened a ?branch , of his '' WieULkbbwri e^tfeblishra«nt j here. The residents of the. Weqt Coast will now be 'able ' ioi get all! their) wants supplied in books, stationery, music, etc., and , we ; underijtati-d '^hat ^ hei put ends to adff 'largely to 'liis present stock. ;ltl! will, be, , p^p.n^Jjy, tlje [advertisement in another column that Mr Hood has looked ahead «'p!thei*Jay of spori'iindOpastime for the residents of Zeehan, and has a large stock of Cricket and Lawu Teunis Goods. 'We cannot do otherwise than advise the . newly-starting1 clubs totfnspect the^e goods, as it will be a great advantage for them tp , , choose their own. tool's. 'H«bas'ftJI6ia large etopk ofj^tationexy.-.etCyaad we must con-, gratulate him on putting before the public ? of Zeehan such 'a large assortment of books, stationery^ etc, and, wish hiin^eve^ry suc-^ cess iriitne branch ihe' has opened: '?- -(1 ' 