TANIANOOLA DISTRICT COUNCIL. Saturday, January 11. Present-Or8. Laird (Chairman), Hann, Lane, Korner, and MacRostie. THE MINUTES. Cr. Hann objected to the minutes of the last meeting being read, bb he considered the meeting being held a day before the date fixed for the ordinary meeting was not legal under Clause 96 of the District Councils Act, 1887. After some discussion, in which other Coun cillors held that the meeting was legal under Clause 88 of the District Councils Act, 1887, it was decided that the minutes be read and con firmed and that the Clerk write to the District Councils' Association and obtain their opinion on the Bubject. It was also decided that in ?future if any ordinary meeting falls on a public holiday, or if it is otherwise deemed necessary to be altered, that it Bhall not be changed to an earlier date, but that it shall be held in accord ance with Clause 96 on the third business day after the day on which it fell.-The minutes were then read and confirmed. , . CORRESPONDENCE. . From Town Clerk. Mougt Gam*"®*. with ioi«rence to the new VansittarL Trust, and asking the Council to contribute towards de fraying the cost of the same.-It was decided that one guinea be contributed. GENERAL BUSINESS. Mr. Gust, blacksmith, waited on the Council and asked permission to light a fire in the open air for tiring purposes.-Granted, subject to the provisions of the Bushfires Act. Cr. Hann moved, in accordance with hiB notice of motion, " That 4 chains be made on drain 61; 1£ chains on spoilbank, drain 54; 3 chains on drain 63; that 100 yards of metal be obtained and broken, and stacked near junc tion of drains 63 and 64; and also that the Stony Creek bridge be taken down and rebuilt, with buttresses to withstand the water."-Carried. The Clerk was instructed to call for tenders for the works. Mr. John Telfer attended and Btated that it was his intention to fence off the road through his property before the winter, and if the road was not attended to if would be impassable I when the traffic was confined to it.-Informed that Cr. Lane had tabled a notice of motion with reference to the road. It was resolved, on the motion of Or. Hann seconded by Cr. MacRostie, that the part of Cr. Korner B notice of motion-postponed from last meeting-re constructing 8 chains of road between Sections 244 and 245, stand over for consideration in aix months. Cr. Lane, in accordance with his notice of motion at last meeting, moved that 10 chains of the Rocks road be formed and metalled. It was decided that 8£ chains should be made. The Clerk was instructed to call tenders for making 15 chains of road between Sections 233 and 260, and for making about 5 chains of road and erecting bttdge near Denton's. The Clerk was instructed to apply to the Agricultural and Floral Society, and get the show jumps removed off the road, as they were considered dangerous where erected. It was resolved to start laying phosphorised wheat for the rabbits in a fortnight, and formB to be obtained for Berving notices on land holders. Accounts amounting to £2116s. were passed for payment, and the meeting closed. 