INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE, January 2. The weather continues intensely hot, yet immense crowds of people are attending the excursions down the bay, and elsewhere. Last night, all the theatres and other places of amusement were literally crammed. Early this morning, a planned attack was made on the police by a band of larrakins, who were armed with stout sticks and stones. A violent set was made upon Constable Byrne, who was rendered insensible by a blow, which, in addition, resulted in the destruction of the drum of one of his ears. Sir S. W. Griffith arrived from Sydney last night, en route to Western Australia. He interviews Mr. Duncan Gillies, the Premier, to- morrow. A young man named Scott, got " bushed" in the ranges near Warbur ton, about 50 miles north of Melbourne, remaining for six days without food, and but little water. When found, however, he was little the worse for his adventure. SYDNEY, January 2 A fatal accident befel a party of eight young men, who were cruising about the harbour in a sailing boat yesterday. The boat overturned and sank, and before assistance arrived, three of the occupants were drowned. These were Arthur Goddard, Thos. Peake, Aubrey Melville— all residents of Paddington. None of the bodies have yet been recovered. Capt. Drevor. an elderly man, well known as an experimentalist in devising means for saving human life, has come to his own end in a very sad way. Standing at the side of the lake in the Centennial Park, he saw a boat in which was a lad, capsize. He instantly plunged in, to the boy's rescue, but speedily became exhausted, and was drowned before help could arrive. The lad was ultimately saved by a bystander, who had previously gone to Drevor's assistance. The weather is most favorable for the holiday festivities. Large crowds attended the races and Highland gathering at Randwick, and the regatta at Leichhardt. ADELAIDE, January 2. The Hon. J. C. Bray will wait upon His Excellency Lord Kintore to-day, with reference to his acceptance of the honor of knighthood. A large meeting of farmers has been held at Curramulka, at which it was proposed to form a Farmers Protective Produce League. The share market is still firm. Brokens, which touched £95 yesterday, closed last night at £93 10s. ; Junctions, £8 12s. 6d. ; Block 10s, £8 8s. Large crowds attended the Morphett ville Races, the Regatta at the Port, and the Bicycle Sports. The weather, however, was, and is still, unpleasantly hot. MELBOURNE, January 3. Several fatalities occurred yesterday. Mr. Motts, one of the proprietors of the Hawthorn Advertiser, was drowned while bathing in the Yarra. Two brothers, named Warren, aged 10 and 12 years, at a gathering at Hassel's at Sandringham, also were drowned. Two men, named McDonald and Whiteside, fought at Footscray, when the latter fell insensible from a blow given by the former, and died. The funeral of the late Judge Kerford, which took place yesterday at St. Kilda, was very largely attended. Yesterday Sir S. W. Griffith— who is leaving for Adelaide, en route to Perth, to-morrow — had a long inter view with Mr. Gillies on Federation and other matters. Mr. Gillies approves of the coming conference of the Federal Council, being held at Sydney or Melbourne. The proposal to hold the conference at Hobart is abandoned, in consequence of the opposition interposed by Sir Henry Parkes. Large bushfires are raging in the neighborhood of Killingsworth. Many thousands of acres of corn and feed have been destroyed, and several selectors have been completely burnt out. The weather is oppressively hot. SYDNEY, January 3. The Jockey Wilkins, who was injured whilst riding in the Tattersall's Cup on Wednesday, is dead. The body of Peake, who was drown ed on Wednesday, has been found. A smart capture of four burglars, who have lately been committing systematic robberies in the city, has been made by a constable, who caught and fastened two of them to a lamp post, whilst he chased, and ultimately overtook and secured the others. ADELAIDE, January 3. The Aborigines Friendly Society, and the Society of Friends, have both presented petitions to the Premier, praying for the reprieve of the aboriginal native Jackey, now lying under sentence of death for murder in the Far North. Parliament is convened for January 15th. Among the first items of business, will be that of appointing two delegates to the Federal Council. Mr. Knight, the present Clerk of the Court at Palmerston, has been appoint ed temporarily, Judge and Govern ment Resident there. News has been received, that Sir John Pope Hennessy left the Mauritius on the 18th ult., and was given a most enthusiastic ovation. His successor, Sir C. Cameron Lees, arrived at Port Louis Dec. 17. The directors of the Broken Hill Mine, have decided to erect eight more 80-ton smelters. It is reported, that it is certain the cap of the lode now disclosed in Block Ten Mine, is composed of very rich ore, Shares are still firm. Brokens, £95 ; Centrals, £13 12s. ; Fourteens, 10 POUNDS 18s.; Rounds, £10; Block 10's. £9 4s. ; Junctions, £8 9s. 6d. ; British, £6 19s. ; Souths, £5 10s. ; Norths, £2 10s. The steamer Albany left for West Australian ports yesterday. Pas sengers — Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Lamp and family (6), Misses Lilly (3). Messrs. Phillips, Armstrong, Brissan den, Argles, and Newman. The weather continues intensely hot. MELBOURNE, January 4. The Premier (Mr. Gillies), is now communicating with the Agent General (Sir Graham Berry) on the subject of the most favorable time for placing the next loan on the London market. Mr. Gillies has informed Sir Graham, that he will be guided by his advice in the matter. Yesterday, a sensation was caused at North Melbourne by the discovery at daylight, of an unknown corpse near the Arden-street railway gates. There were several stabs in the neck and body, and two deep ones in the throat. The body has since been indentified as that of John Frost, aged 35, a widower. He represented the firm of Jas. Fry & Co., of Collins-street, and was their manager, and arrived in Melbourne on Dec. 23rd. He was last seen alive that night. A post mortem examination has been held, and it is understood that there is little or no doubt, that the case is one of suicide. There are no signs of a struggle. A gold watch and some money were found on the body. The black trackers are endeav ouring to solve the mystery. One hundred and twenty cases of typhoid have been reported during the last seven days, twelve of which proved fatal. During the same period, twenty-nine cases of diphtheria have been reported, out of which thirteen fatalities occurred. SYDNEY, January 4. To-day, 589 time-expired officers, and men belonging to the Australian squadron, sailed for London by the Steamer, Port Victor. Sir Henry Parkes has received a communication from the Premiers of Victoria, Tasmania, and Queensland, relative to the holding of the Federal Convention. There is now but little doubt, that it will be held in Melbourne during the end of January. Mr. Gillies has telegraphed to Sir Henry Parkes, to the effect that he practically leaves the decision in his hands. Yesterday and last night, the lower part of the Volunteer Artillery Hotel in Lower George-Street, a building three stories high, almost completely collapsed, owing to the wall bulging out through the roof being too heavy for the structure. In connection with the mishap, a young housemaid named Susan Horgan was crushed to death by the debris. Mr. Thomas Cook, a solicitor who was lodging in the hotel at tile time of the accident, is missing, and he is believed to have been buried in the ruins. Intense heat prevails in many parts of the colony. Yesterday, a heavy thunderstorm, accompanied by a severe downpour of rain, occurred in the city. ADELAIDE, January 4. The Executive Council has granted a reprieve of twenty-eight days in the case of the native Jackey. Sir J. C. Bray, the convener of the Australian Natives Federal Con vention, has decided, after consulting the boards of the other Australian centres, that the representatives of the various colonies shall meet in Mel bourne on January 21. Sir Samuel Griffith arrived this morning. He leaves for Albany per the Orient liner Cuzco on Monday. Mr. Horn, the managing director of the Broken Hill mine, has wired to the directors, that he has decided to alter the five thirty-ton smelters, to a similar number of eighties, and also to erect at least three additional eighty-tonners. Shares are strong. Brokens are £98; Centrals, £13 11s.; I4's, £10 16s. ; 10's, £10 6s. ; Rounds, £10 7s. 6d. ; Junctions, £8 6s. ; British, £7 ; Souths, 5 POUND 10s. At an extraordinary meeting of Broken Hill shareholders, held in Mel bourne yesterday, resolutions were passed, authorising another sub-division of shares held in the Broken Hill mine into fractional portions of fifths. The week's run at the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine was 144,000 ounces of silver. The yield at Block 14 mine was 11,500 ounces, and the British mine records a yield of 14,900 ounces. 