"Camperdown chronicle." PUBLISHED Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 6, 1890. The vagaries of our boosted Australian climate hare seldom been so amply demonstrated as during the present season. "Within an area of country not many hundreds of miles in width the extremes have been experienced. Vic toria has been visited with what scientists term a " heat, wave," but which, in ordinary conversation, would bo called "roasting" weather. For some weeks past the thermometer has averaged nearly 100 degrees in the shade, with a correspondingly high temperature in the sun. The intense heat has proved extremely trying to all forms of animal and vegetable life. Labour has become burdensome, rest is an unobtainable luxury, whilst slcip can only be secured when the system is thoroughly exhausted, and then it is what may bo termed of " medium quality." An outcomo of the long prevailing heat is the largo nnnibar of bushfires which aro fiercely burning: in various parts of the colony. Many of these fires have what is known as a spontaneous origin ; whilst others have arisen from causes over which man has legitimate control. These fires have intensified the heat of the aun'g rays, and havo served to add to the sufferings of man. Another outcome of the abuormal heat is the increase of sickness and a consequent increase of the death rate. Though cleanliness is hold to bo the next virtuo to godliness, it is wonder ful to what extent nun will proceed in defiance of all sanitary regulations. Dirty outhouses, foul- smelling drtins, and othrr fruitful sources of disease, are by no means tbe exception. A householder in these degenerate days will spend almost a small fortune in decorative purposes, whilst drainage and other important matters are entirely neglected. Great heat such as we are now experiencing, undoubtedly has a similar forcing effect to a hot house. The germs of disease, under tbe influences of a scorching sun and unhealthy winds, are roused to vitality, and the work of Death begins. But while in Victoria the people are suffering f.om the intense and phe nomenal heat, the peoples of some of the adjoining colonies aro having an opposite, though, possibly, more dis astrous visitation. Reports have come to hand of phenomenally heavy floods in New South Wales and Queensland, which have been accompanied, unfor tunately, with loss of human life, and a great destruction of property. The two extremes have thus met, and it is quite possible that tbe line which divides them could be very clearly defined. It is neither an uncommon nor an unnatural wish that Victorians were enjoying the climate with which the neighbouring colony has been | visited ; but all will doubtless come in good time We may console ourselves with the thought that whilst the present Victorian climate, though decidedly hot, is seasonable, our neighbours over the border mny possibly imagine that the weather they are enjoying, if enjoyment it can be called, is very much out of the season. Heavy rains now, if they were followed by ' another " heat wave," might be disastrous to a large section of tbe coromnnity. - At present landowners are subjected to tbe great risk of fire; but it ii doubtful whether they would not, in the long run, suffer more i permanent loss from a visitation of heavy floods. No doubt the residents of both colonies are mutually envious of tbe weather the other may be enjoying. The only matter for regret perhaps is that man is unable to conn to any arrangement foran equitable division of what ia going, whereby all parties might be satisfied. As such an arrangement is unattainable it is man's duty, with as much patience as he can command with the thermometer at " 100 in the shade and steadily rising," to philosophically await tbe coming change. 