Agricultural and Pastoral. FORTHCOMING SHOWS, ETC. Maryborough Flower and Poultry Show—February 14. Tenterfield Intercolonial P., A., and M. Society—March 12,13, and 14. Agricultural Society of N. S. Wales, Sydney—April 8 to a Marathon District Pastoral and Agricultural Sooiety, Aramac—First Tuesday in Jane. Secretaries are hereby requested to furnish the in formation necessary to keep the above list an authentic record. Borne years ago an animated discussion on the relative merits of the Shorthorn and Here lord breeds of cattle was carried on in the columns of the Queenslander, and kept up for such a length of time that it became wearisome to a large section of our readers. The result was here, as in other countries, that few were convinced one way or the other by the arguments adduced, and both breeds have now as then their ardent admirers. In America the Herefords found a very stanch advocate in Mr. T. L. Miller, who published a newspaper, the Breeders' Journal, solely for the purpose of urging their claims on Amerioan breeders as beef-producers superior to any other breed of cattle. In this paper Mr. Miller said some very rough things of the Shorthorn. But in the meantime the Aberdeen-Angus cattle began to olaim the fancy of American breeders, and as they had achieved snch a de cided buccsss in the fat stock markets of Great Britain Mr. Miller found it convenient, for a while at least, to leave them out of account in the advocacy of his fancy breed. Finding now, however, that tbe blaok polls have some powerful advocates in the States, men suoh as Watson (late of Keillor) and B. 0. Anld (late of Tillyfonr), Mr. Miller has seen fit to change his tactics, and he has now taken up a fresh and much more tenable position than that whioh he first assumed —namely, that as a grazier, pure and simple, the Hereford is inferior to either the Shorthorn or Aberdeen-Angus. So far as Great Britain is concerned, although there may be no direot evidence in favour of this contention, there is at least this to be said in favour of it, that whereas large numbers of Hereford cattle are annually turned over to the butcher direct from the grass parks, without any hand feeding, the Scotch farmers, as is well known, are adepts at feeding stock, and all grass-fed oattle from that country are topped up by stall feeding prior to being sent to the London market. As to whioh breed of cattle are the thriftiest graziers, Australia is more competent to decide than either Great Britain or America, inasmuch as stall feeding is here unknown exoept in the case of a few fancy animals. Daring the years that the marsupial pest was felt most severely in Queensland the mortality amongst sheep from "worm disease" was greatest. This fact was noticed by many prac tical men, and if the worms were not attributed to the marsupials many favoured the belief that there was some connection between the two. Investigations conduoted in England with re ferenoe to long worms go far to show that although the presence of immense numbers of marsupials on the pasture was not the cause of the " worm disease" they may be, and probably were, one of the most fruitful causes of dis seminating the worms. It was proved daring the English investigations that in districts where lung worm was prevalent in calves and lambs the earthworms were also affected, and the presumption was that these earthworms expel the embryos after they have advanced to a certain stage of development. These are taken np by grazing animals, and it is but natural to suppose that the more numerous the grazing animals the greater the facilities for the spread of the worms. Another fact oame to light daring the English inquiry. Earthworms from distriots in whioh parasitic long disease appears every autumn, or earlier if the season is wet, were found to be free from embryos daring the dry hot period of the summer. As soon as the disease reappeared among calves and lambs, after a considerable rainfall, the earthworms again become affected. The embryos also re mained dormant on the pasture during a dry season, but became active on the recurrence of the rainy season. Here, then,-are the condi tions under whioh Queensland flocks are visited by the •' worm disease." It is generally supposed that it iB caused by a " flush of grass" (following on a drought], in which there is very little nutrition; but in these days, when sponta neous generation has been proved to be a fallacy, few inquirers will endorse that theory. The germ must be lurking in the pasture before the animals are attacked, and when "worm disease" is prevalent graziers would do well to adopt Mr. Haly's sound advice and burn off every portion of pasture they can spare. In thiß way, and in this way only, can the germs be destroyed. Mr. Holy has truly said that when we took over the Australian pastures from the aborigines we inherited the healthiest pastures in the world. It is well known that before the pastures were occupied by the white man the country or very large portions of it were annually burnt by the blacks to assist them in procuring food, and old colonists know that without the renovating effect of bushfires large areaß of country that formerly provided good pasture for sheep are now almost totally useless. It is not anticipated that Queensland sugar planters will derive any benefit from the results of the deliberations of the recent sugar bounty conference. The German Government will pay next year the sum of 52,000,000 marks in bounties, so that other countries may procure sugar at a less prioe than that for whioh the German consumer can purchase it. The gross proceeds of the beetroot sugar tax in Germany is estimated at 61,779,000 marks. Notwith •landing, the enormous inoreaw of 800,000 tons in the quantity of beetroot grown, there is a decline of 1,700,000 marks in the estimate com pared with the present year. A correspondent writes to us that he is about to make a silo, but " wants to get the experience of others, and thus avoid being disappointed, not to mention los 3 of time and money, and it is one of those persons'opinions" he wants in answers to his questions. The very fullest information has from time to time appeared in our columns on the subject of silo making; nevertheless, we willingly comply with our correspondent's request to publish his questions, and trust that some one who has hod practical experience in the matter will favour us by replying thereto:— ■• * New Chum' intends digging a pit for making ensilage, and wants to get full particulars as to the best (but not too expensive) kind of silo to make. How to cover in the mouth of the pit ? and must a roof be over it ? Also, whioh is the best, clay subsoil or a sandy oam, for a silo ?" Among the many American institutions, which we may well copy in Australia, is that of the annual conferences of the various clubs in terested in matters connected with the soil. At these conventions—as they are termed in the States —valuable papers are read and dis cussed and experiences exchanged, whioh prove of veiy great importance to agriculturists, horticulturists, and stock- raisers. These con ventions are timed to be held during the great stock fairs (shows). This is a subjeot that might well occupy the attention of our National Association; and in arranging the new building in Bowen Park provision ought to be made for a hall in which the various clubs, associations, and societies oould meet at Exhibition time to discuss matters connected with their business. We have our horticultural societies, Dog and Poultry Club, Beekeepers' Association, and soon hope to have special societies devoted to the improvement of various breeds of horses, cattle, and sheep. The advancement of all these interests, as well as the diseases and drawbacks affeoting them, would provide subjeot-matter for profitable discussion, and muoh which could not fail to # be of mutual help would be elicited at these meetings. The diseases of the peioh are undoubtedly due to defect in the nutrition of the tree. These diseases are exceedingly prevalent and very destructive. They are "the yellows," whioh appears in the foliage; the curl, whioh also affects the foliage ; and the blight and rot of the trait and small twigs. Every one of these has been traced to a parasite whioh be longs to that class of fungi which attack and destroy animals or plants whioh have be come weakened by some untoward condi tion, either by insufficient nutrition or by sap poisoning, and which are always present in the atmosphere or the soil waiting for an opportunity to find victims. That this is true is abundantly proved by facts, and is generally admitted. As regards the peach, it seems to be a deficiency of potash in the soil whioh brings about the weakness of the tree that favours the attack of the parasite. Where the soil is abundantly supplied with potash, these diseases are unknown; the yellows and the curl of the leaf never attack the trees exoept in a few rare oases in which they have been planted in wet vegetable soil that is not well supplied with potash, and the parasite never spreads from these to other trees, or at least never injures them* Keeping the land free from weeds and the surface well pulverised is an important work in oonneotion with vine-growing. Like all other plants the vine responds to good treatment, and although, on acoount of its deep-rooting character, it takes some time to exhaust the soil, it shows signs of requiring manure after bearing for many years. In irrigating vines care should be taken to allow but little moisture during the ripening stage of the grapes. Care should also be taken to dress the vines with sulphur when the slighest traces of mildew or oidium occur. In a reoent issue of the Queenslander a corre spondent in the Cardwell district asked for in formation as to food for calves. The Mark Lane Express strongly recommends hay tea as a valuable diet for young calves. Its preparation is exceedingly simple. The hay, whioh ought to be bright, is steeped in hot water and the liquid drained off. This liquid contains a good share of the nutriment of the hay, and calves do very well on it when milk is scarce. Many people add to this liquid a certain proportion of molasses, but in that case care must be taken that they do not produoe scours in very young calves. America, which has hitherto been a deter mined opponent of the practice of inoculation for the prevention of pleuro, is not unlikely to be the first country to demonstrate its efficacy. Like pleuro, swine fever is a disease that cannot be cured, and Dr. Billings, an Amerioan scientist, has set to work to prove that it can be prevented by inoculation, and in this he is on a fair way to success. Having succeeded in isolating and cultivating the germ of this de structive disease, a company has been formed to turn his discovery to practical account. A laboratory has been completed at Chicago for the investigation of this and other animal diseases, and a thorough test of the inoculation theory is now being made. Thousands of hogs have been inoculated with Dr. Billingß's vaccine, and so far the discovery promises to be a most valuable one for the American swine-breeders, and the marked success of this cultivated virus has induced very many cattle-breeders to with draw their opposition to inoculation for pleuro. Ere long we shall no doubt hear of the outti yation of pleuro virus at tho Chicago laborator**, Ueder the heading " Encourage the Agricul tural Labourer" the Agricultural Economist has the following admirable remarks:—Whilst nearly every "class of artisan has a chance of exhibiting the results of his handiwork and his personal skill; whilst the farmer shows his stook and crops, tho cottage gardener his pro duce, and tho dairymaid her skill, the agricul tural labourer has not nearly enough oppor tunities of showing how clever he is at his business, and, by doing so, of teaching the young rustics how to work. There has been somewhat a revival in ploughing matches, we are glad to note, but nt several of these which we have attended it has beon pain ful to note how few were the entries of youths. Where the men's olasses secured an entry of six to eight, the lads were often in ones and twos. Some sooieties do encourage these contests, much to their credit, but there are far too few that offer prizes in other de partments, such as hedging, thatching, shep herd's work, and other operations intrusted to the lobourer. It should be the effort of every ono in a rural distriot to give the men a pride in their work, to show them how im portant are the operations intrusted to them, aud to encourage them to improve in every branch. The village youth, if properly en couraged, would cease to look askant at tha {irospect of being a respeotable and clever farm abourer, and to long for the doubtful advan tage of a Blightly higher wage in a murky town; but until farmers and landowners do show this interest in the man's profession, those who should be rising up to fill the places on tho land are not likely to appreciate it at its true value. Every village centre should have annual com petitions, when all three classes should meet, and when the most important men of the day should be, not the landlord, not the tenant, bul the labourers who prove themselves exceptionally worthy of their hire. An exhibition of good work would of oourse be of invaluable benefit to the rising generation. The Bteel horse collar is the latest improve ment in harness, and a limited liability company has been formed in Birmingham for its manufacture. It is complete in itself without bames, and is inexpensive. It is claimed for it that it covers a larger surface of the true shoulders than the ordinary collar, and hence the pull is more equally distributed, and being made of thin steel plates its elasticity relieves the deadness of the pull in starting and all sudden jerks. It is also claimed for it that it prevents and cures sore shoulders, and presents a smooth, even, and cool surface, never wrinkling or altering its shape in wear, and it never wants restaffing or even drying. One of the oldest Shorthorn breeders, Mr. David Nesham, of Darlington, has just died. He was the last connecting link between the old breed of Durham breeders and those of the improved Shorthorns, his father having, while Mr. Nesham was a boy, bought the first cow, Cherry, for 83 guineas at Mr. Charles Colling's celebrated sale in 1810, and he had a distinct reoolleotion of the celebrated oow, the original Princess. By the death of Lord Falmouth England has lost one of its most skilful breeders. As an all-round successful breeder of stock, Lord Falmouth has had no rival sinoe the death of Towneley. His success as a breeder of race horses is well known throughout the civilised world. In twelve years, from 1872 to the breaking up of his raoing stable in the begin* ning of 1884, he won upwards of £220,000 ia stakes alone, and all together upwards of £800,000 was earned by horses whioh bore his colours. This large measure of success cannot be set down to mere luck. But it was not merely as a breeder of thoroughbreds that Lord Falmouth was best known. Hiß name was even more familiar as a breeder of Devon oattle and Shropshire sheep. These were kept at Tregothnan, and at Mereworth he main tained a herd of Jerseys. His Devons achieved great success in the showyard, his bull Lord Wolseley having been first at the Royal shows both at Nottingham and Windsor. The late viscount was a born breeder, taking first place with every description of stook he took in hand. A wonderful milk yield is recorded on behalf of the Guernsey cow Pretty Dairymaid, whioh won for her owner, Mr. D. 0. Le Patourel, of Guernsey, the champion oup for the best female of her breed at the reoent Windsor show. In a test carried out by the Royal Guernsey Association during three days the cow was milked four times daily—at 5 a.m., 11 a.m., 4 p.m., and 10 p.m.—and gave 611b. 2oz. on the first day, 621b. on the second, and 521b. 9oz. on the third, when she was not in good health. The milk of the last two days was churned, and yielded 51b. of butter, which is at the rate of 17 Jib. a week. There was no special feeding, and the weather during the testing was un favourable. I have done a good deal of hoeing and raking in the garden arid among the strawberries, <fee, this season (writes a correspondent of ths Rural New Yorker), and of all the thousands of grubs and worms I turned up I am satisfied not half a dozen escaped the vigilant eyes and nimble beaks of my chicks. They have also kept the lawn, flower beds, and garden entirely free from grasshoppers, while there are thou sands among the clover not 800 yards away. About twenty are enough to have around, and as Boon as they begin to Bcratch hard they Bhould be sold or Bhut out and another lot of small ones brought in. " The day is not ten yeore distant," says a scientist, "when the United States will be damaged more by its English sparrow than by all the weevils, cut- worms, crows, blackbirds, rabbits, hawks, fleas, flies, moths, curoulio, droughts, or floods. He could not to-day be got rid of for 95,000,000 in cash. He damaged, • last year 125,000,000." 