News in Brief. It is expected that a Papal delegate will attend the forthcoming Labor Conference at Berlin. The examination in connection with the State School bursaries was commenced at the Sydney University Monday. There are 104 competitors. A meeting of the Executive Council is to be held to-day to consider the case of the condemned ' criminal Willoughby Andrew. .... - , It is anticipated that the New Zealand Premier, is seriously, indisposed and ; will not be able to transact any business for. some time. --?.?? .-.-. . ? ?;-: A public meeting held in Sydney on Monday evening decided to urge upon the Government the necessity of introducing a Workshops and Factories Bill. Refer ence was made to the sweating system in Sydney. A match has been made between Ernie Cavill) of Sydney, and A. T. Kenny, of Melbourne, to swim 1000yds. for £50 a-side. The Maori leader Te Whiti, who was imprisoned ior three months for debt,- has been released. . *???!- Steps are being taken in New Zealand to ' relieve the settlers in the Taranaki district who have been ruined through' the recent bush fires. V /. John Callinan, a pronounced rough, was sent to gaol for six months, at the New town Police Court for a brutal assault on Constable Mason. .It took several con stables to remove him from the dock.: ? J--: The committee of new South Wales Cricket Association resolves that in future all teams visiting England should be selected by a committee appointed by the cricketing associations of the colonies. 1 The vignerous around Fairfield anil Smithfield have sustained severe losses to their crops through the recent heavy rains. The intercolonial conference on the question of rust in wheat began its sittings in Melbourne on. Monday. A boy, Leslie H. Villiers, was killed at Wivenhoe, near Camden, through being thrown from a horse he was riding. The Premier and the Minister for Mines intend paying a visit to Broken-hill at the end of the month. The Senate of the University of Sydney have decided to again call for applications for the Challis Chair of His tory, the salary being fixed at /900 per annum. ' ,, The lad Fallon, who was burned in the bush-fire at Tuppal Station, Denili quin, is recovering in the local hospital. Eighteen thousand six hundred and ninetv-five ounces of eold arrived from Queensland by the steamer Burwah. O'Connor the Canadian orsman, is going for a trip to the interior, and will be absent from Sydney for about ten days. He is very anxious to get a match on with Stansbury, or with the winner ? of the Kemp-Matterson race, but it must be for the championship. A rich find of gold in a reef has been made at Mount Ogilvie, in the far north of South Australia. The yield is esti mated at iooz to the ton. The body of a man, supposed to be that of a traveller, was found floating in the river near Curranyalpa Station, south, on Sunday morning. The body has not yet been indentified. 'An inquest was held at Windsor on Saturday last on the remains' of a man found floting down the Hakesbury, near Pitt Town, on the previous day. The body had evidently been in. the. water for some time, as it was discomposed. The deceased was a stranger. The body was respectably dressed, and was that of a man about 40 years of age. It is supposed that the remains came from somewhere above Penrith. An open verdict was returned. The farmers behind the mountains are learning the common-sense practice of concentrating their produce as to travel long distances with it. Yesterday the first consignment of factory butter from Mudgee, just on 200 miles from Sydney, arrived in Sydney. This produce can pay' its way to find a good market in London, 13,000 miles away. ', -, ,,,., 