THE CEMETERY QUESTION AT GUILDFORD. In conformity with a resolution passed at a meeting of the ratepayers of Guildford held last Decombor, a committee meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute on Febrnary 26th, for the purpose of selecting a suitable site for a publio cemetery ontside the Municipality of Guildford. There were present besides the Mayor and Councillors, Rev. Fr. Kelly, Mr. M. Horrigan, representing the Roman Catholic Church; Mr. C. C. Fauntleroy, representing the Anglican Church ; Mr. B. D Hardey, repre- senting the Wesleyan Church. Two repre- sentatives, one of the Anglican, and the other of the Wesleyan Church, were anavoid ably absent. The Mayor (Mr. W. G. Johnson) opened the proceedings by reading the resolution of which this meeting was the outcome. He stated that the question of an extramural cemetery had been before the public many years. The Government had given a site for a cemetery outside the town, and it waB now to be decided whether this block of land was the most snitabloi and if not where and how another site could be procured. . Mr. R. D. Hardey said that Mr. James Mosrison had referred to a piece of ground at Bayswater, contiguous to the railway. Cr. Guppy asked whether Mr. Morrison gavo any particulars as to cost, Ac. Mr. Hardey replied that he thought Mr. Morrison was not in a position to give any definite particulars. Dr. Waylen was the actual agent for the proprietress, who he believed was a Miss Wortley, resident in England. Cr. Turton, as tho mover of the original resolution, said if any good was to be done, if the sito now referred to was suitable, it appeared to him that the best plan would be for a deputation te wait upon Dr. Waylen, and obtain full and accurate information as to cost, Ac. , Cr. Gardiner suggested the appointment of a Bub-committee to visit and inspect the locality, and then, if necessary, make over- tures to Dr. Waylen. . Mr. Hardey suggested other sites, among others " SnccesB Hill." Cr. Gardiner said the residents near " Success Hill " would oppose any application. Mr. Hardey replied that applications might at 'first meet with opposition, bat he contended and firmly believed that all oppo- sition would retreat, provided the committee were earnest and unanimous. ' - ' ?' Cr. Turton asked why the residentsOppesed SuccesB Hill " as a site for a cemetery. - Cr. Guppy said because Mr. J. Hamersley objected to it. Mr. C. C. Fauntleroy said that a rate- payer had written to him a letter on this subject, and in it had suggested that they should apply for a piece of ground formerly belonging to Mr. James Dempster, bnt which now was the property of Mr. James Grave, who said that the plot had been valued at .£1,500. He (Mr. Fauntleroy) wonld suggest that the'committee advertise for a site. By so doing they wonld, as it were, have more " strings to their bow." In fact ho himself knew of several eligible sites. Cr. Read was of opinion that the site at Bayswater, referred to by Mr. Hardey, was too distant from the town. There were many people who liked to visit " God's acre," and the distance to Bayswater wonld render this well nigh impracticable. Cr. Guppy Baid the matter should be set- tled without delay, for the longer it was delayed the more expensive land would be- come. He advocated the site already given by the Government. If choy had to pur- chase land, the amount expended for this pnrp08e wonld be amply sufficient to maca- damise the road to the Government grant. Cr. Gardiner advocated a cemetery as near tho town as possible. If too distant, a curator would have tu bo employed. Cr. Worth said the road to " Saocess Hill" wonld be infinitely worse than the one lead- ing to the ground given by the Government. Cr. Guppy ridiculed the idea of a curator, and as to bush-fires destroying the fences, that -'danger could be prevented by keeping the ground near the fences well cleared. Cr. Worth said tbat the site given by the Government was a very good one ; in fact, he knew of none bettor, and the clearing of it would notjBpd;_ very much. The Rev. Frf Kelly said they had Vow" two or three schemes before the meeting. Would it not be better if those gentlemen who had proposed certain Bites would collect all in- formation as to cost of clearing, feneing, and making of road. They should then be in a better position to judge of the different localities. Funerals were a great expense to poor people,' and for these they should gave great consideration. He asked how much roadway it was necessary to make to the Government grant ? The Mayor said he wonld suggest that they should make the road by degroes. It appeared to him that the consensus of opinion was in favour ef the .ground given by the «Government. Mr. Fauntleroy said that tho cost of .making a good road, sufficiently wide for the .purpose required, would be about .£250. Cr."1 Turton said it appeared the meeting .was in f avonr of tho Government grant and to test it he should propose the following : " That after due consideration of the different ; sites ¿or a cemetery before tho meeting, the ono already given by tho Government is the most ,suitable." This was seconded by Mr. R. D. Hardey, and carried unanimously. The Mayor said that tho question of ."ways and means" had next to bo con sidered. Mr. C C. Fauntleroy suggested a Muni- cipal Cemetery common to all denominations. ,Cr. Gardiner was of opinion that this .system would not work well. Mr. Hardy suggested that the cemetery; ¡be divided by roads only. The, Mayor reminded the meeting that the (Government had granted a block to each .denomination. tCr. Gardiner said he considered the .cemetery-a .Government affair, and.to make, .the 'road, Government aid should be asked. Under the present circumstances, a funeral wonld cost, so he had been informed ,py those competent to Judge, about ¿820, an /amoflpt beyond a poor person's means. , &i.; ,R?AJ> said the cemetery ahould'be used' .at once, and the road could he nude by degrees.. : > ¡ Cr. Gardiner proposed, and Cr. Wobthi seconded, " That a. deputation of the Mayor axd a member of each denomination wait, upon the Administrator, asking for a subsidyt towards the formation of a road to the pro- posed new cemetery on the Canning-road." Carried unanimously. ' The following were appointed to form the deputation : The Mayor, Rev.' Father Kully, .Messrs. C. C. Fauntleroy and R. D. Hardey. Mr. C. C. Fauntleroy proposed, and Cr.' ?Gardiner seconded, " That the Mayor apply .to the ,Swan Roads Board, asking what amount ,tboy would be prepared to give ¿Dwarda' that portion of the Canning-road leading to tho cemetery." Carried unanimously.__ Tho meeting afterwards sdjournod. 