St. Marys. BY OUK OWN COKItESPONDENT. On Saturday at about noon when all the township was wrapt in hazy semi-somnol ence, brought about by the sweet ambient air and glorious sunshine of our lovely cli mate at Midday in summer, wo were star tled by the sudden and violent ringing of the church bell whoso warning peal, so un expected and so unusual, called our people quickly from their houses, and in a twink ling tho main Western lload was filled with enquiring faces all turned towards the hill on which the venerable pile stands. There were volumnes of white smoke rising slowly up from just behind the church and school room, the day being very calm, and away ran tho men as they past tearing down big branches of trees for surely the bush was on fire in close proximity to the build ing, and the crowd WHS soon at work beating, out the flames which were circling round among the graves and threatening to dam age the stones. Mayor Gamer was of course promptly on tho spot-so was our rev. pastor, Mr. A. C. Corlette, also Mr. J. K. Lethbridge, J.P., and our indefatigable police officer, Mr. Martin. The Church Warden's promptly arrived and many others all with coats off going in fighting the fire, which, as if ashamed of overcoming so weak a man as our ancient sexton quickly disappeared leaving the ground blackened, and the herbage and weeds as it happened were the only things destroyed. It seems the cause of the fire was that Mr. Burgess was " clearing up " the rubbish, had cut two or three heaps of haj' and set fire to someuseless stuff, but the consuming element with its usual sportive proclivities took " French leave "and ran away from the poor old chappie and was at once beyond his control. He, with commendable presence of mind, I'ushed into the belfry and rang a peal with infinitely more energy and less rhythm- than he usually does and by that means totally saved the district from a calamity. On Saturday our cricketers played a game with tho Eootyieters in which they stood to win but time being up tho game was drawn and the bold boys came back singing " Home . Sweet Home, there's no place like home " Good boys. I noticed our celebrated tenox bufto among the crowd and recognised his colors as well as his ringing tones. Is it quito tho " clean potato " to suddenly and without any warning spring a burial ground on to your neighbour's district while you have 2 or 3 times as :much space of your own in which to bury your dead ? However, his Worship Mayor Gainer is quite equal to the occasion, and our alder men are not yet asleep, hence it is expected that the Protestant Hall here will be filled with indignant oppositions to th^., injurious scheme of planting a cemetery on one of the slopes of Kingswood, from which the creek and tho people's wells will be poisoned by the drainage from the graves if it be al lowed to go on. We have already one cemetery in our Municipality, and people don't diein a hurry nor in large quantities in the happy valley of St. Marys, so it is ex pected this graveyard will last for at least 50 or GO years. See advertisement for particulars of the coming meeting, and come and show those who take liberties . with our Muni cipality that they cannot do it with im punity. Why did Mr. Lees vote against the work ingmen's interests when Walker's motion came on for the Government to enlarge their employment of Labor ? 