LENEVA AND UPPER INDIGO (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday. I regret to record the death of another old resident of Castle Creek, in the per- son of Mrs Morrison, who departed this life early on Firday morning, the 7th instant. The deceased lady had been suffering from a general weakness for the last two or three years. The funeral took place on Saturday afternoon, when her ramins were followed by a large concourse of mourners to their last rest- int-place, the Wodonga Cemetery. Mrs Morriosn was up in years at the time of her death, and leaves two stalwart sons and two married daughters. On Monday evenin last death again came amonst us, taking from our midst one of the most highly-respected residents of Upper Indigo - Mrs Thomas Quirk, sen. She and Mr Quirk have been ailing for some time, but her death, which took place about eight o'clock on Monday even- ing came rather suddenly, as she was up about about a quarter of an hour before. The funeral, which took place on Wednes- day, was very largely attended, bing, I believe, the largest ever seen on the Indigo road, although every minute we were threatened wtih a drenching downpour of rain. The hearse was fol- lowed by over thirty buggies, brought up in the rear by upwards of forty horsemen. The cortege arrived at the Barnawartha cemetery shortly after three o'clock, when the deceased lady's remains were laid in their last long resting place, the Rev. Father Carolan, of Chiltern, officiat- ing at the grave in his usual pathetic manner. Mrs Quirk had reached the ripe age of three score years and ten, and great sympathy is felt for her bereaved husband and grown up family, consisting of four sons and two daughters. She was the mother of the well-known contractors, Messrs Quirk Bors. Whilst returning from the above- mentioned funeral, Mr John Dar- mody, of Leneva West, unfortunately met with a nasty accident, his horse slipping with him, and dislocating his shoulder. He was driven to Yackan- dandah and there attended to by Dr Mueller, who had, although assisted by two or three others, much difficulty in replacing the dislocated lim. He is pro- gressing as favorably as can be expected. Mr William Lucan, sen., of Leneva West, an old man who has been knwon far and wife for many years in the North- Eastern district, is in a very low state of health. After an unreasonable spell of hot, dry weather, we have at last been favored with a resfreshing downpour, which will top things up nicely, as well as put a "damper" upon all fear of bush-fires, which I am pleased to say, we have been particularly free of this season. On Tuesday last Miss Carrie Heiden- way, youngest daughter of the late Mr John Heidenway, of Leneva, was wed to Mr Wm. Lack, of Beechworth. The young couple did business very quietly, but for all that their friends in these party heartily wish them every happiness and prosperity in their future careers. I 'le aucrotary i:and treosuror of theo iArundol testiiocnial ifdiid, doaesiro us to ro quiesOt the:B bscrriUers atild' holse interoted, to meet at the State school tlhis evonicig aft' iglit ,bclc;lk,:,,to cdlceio d wlict and-.. lioro thle prusooatRin aslill bhe ndde. To he well diroesed i to liavse mounieod tlhe first stLop in tle ladder'of sccess. ' S9eid': for ipattorus of. 'clionce woolleas.and i'oelf cmeasiurecmect tto instld'iotia to Liticoln Stuart ndrCo. Limited, 2:38 Fhlinders soriet, Mlol. hIourio.. :Tbhey will reod them to you poast fie; they lchave'the largesat tailoring estah , lishment in the city. A capital:.businesse 'snit to mneaaure'for4!s. FAdvt.. 