WODONGA tIHIRE. COUNOIL. The ordinary monthly meeting of this body was held on Tuesday, there being present - Cra M'Fisrlano (president), O'Connor, Johnston, and Adams. coaaxsroNsrccoe. From Thomas Johnston, notifying that. he intended to appeal against the valua tion placed upon the Victoria hotel.-The seoretary was instructed td defend the council's valuation. From the Under-Treasurer, forwarding form. for the preparation' of statements. prescribed ~ the ll Goverenment Aeot 1874, No. 506 ections 348 and 352, so that the allocation of the second moiety of the subaidy for 188.90. might be pro ceeded with.-Attended to. From the Public Works Department, intimaking that the 'specifications for warded for approval for repairing No. R bridge, on the Albury road, had been re ported by the inspecting engineer to be satisfactory.-Received. From the Conservator, of Fbrests, drawing attention to the grave danger to be apprehended from bush-fires, sad urg ing upon the coumeil the. advisability of employing geogs of men to burn off the grass upon the various roads within the shire. It was added that gesas?sa mght. also be requested to run their stock. within the roa, so that thegrass 'ould? be eaten down as speedily as. possblie.-. No action. From the Muaricipal Association of-Vie tors, requesting that any motions which the cosncil may wish to put before the group meeting in March should be for warded mot later than 4th F.ebruary.- Received. From the Govesmaent Statist, request-. log to be informed of the population of Wodonga.-Attended to. Fbrom David Robinson and Fredk. Roper, trustees in the estate of the late Beny Richardson, requesting that the. cou il would, in accordance with its. powers under the 264th section of the Governsuent Act 1874, cause the. names Mary Ann Richardson, Henry Richardson, and Mary Elizabetl Richard-. son to be placed on the ratepagera' roll, instead of Henry Richardson. only, for. the Wodonga Shire portion of the estate of the late Henry Richsadson, of bhrnswartha The communication added that the names were placed on the Yack. andandah Shire roll in the same way as was now asked for. -The soecretary was, instructed toreply that application, shoulc be made at the Revision Ceurt, the presi dent espreuing a doubt, as to whether Miss Richardson was of age. From Albert Schlink, applying for per mission to get about a dozen loads of gravel from the pits on the.Albury road. -Granted. From John Jennings,. offering to per form the dutiLes of inspector of nuisances; sand inspector of' eltughteryaond for £18: per annum.-Not entertained.. UFrom M. Iano Bonegilla, calling at-. tention to-the state of the road lending~ to.his place. The writes mentioned that the road in question was impassable for about niae months of the eas; and as; this wasthe most favorable tmune for carry-. ing out the-weak, he trusted that some thing would be done.-Messra Ryan andt Curley, hbaing' been asccorded 'audience. by the president, verbally pressed that a' cheap bridge shbuld be eonstructedi other.. Swise there was every likelihood that there. would be lose of property, and possibly lose oftfe net flined season.. They were prepared to provide the timber them seoles. ihe president feared that, in the. present 'state of' the council's finances, ea £200 structure was out of the qpestion. It was decided that the request should be hesd overs The supeientaden t. ,f roads aeported -' The readmentave boinemployed cart-.. ing gravel and stone iat'Bonegilla.. The whole of : the 'wrCks leti by 'ontract are nearing their ?completion. Ie referenceo to the work?iaee''Mr Kelly's, Murray fiat, whioh has been held over from; last sum mer, I have to state' that the water has: left the place, and the present is a fitting; time to carry dia the work."-The report was received, aind' consideration of the. work near Kelp'" was held over for a full council. nifArccw Thefollowing accouats were pased for payment:-W. F. Auhl, cont?a?t No. 210,. e r£27 P. H. Heckihdorf, contraut No. 262, £20 P. H. tlektlidorf,. contract. No. 284 £9; 1. O'Dunnell, day. labor,. £4 4$ 6; A. Stngster. 'day tabor, £6; G. Folford' roadsmas,. £8 19s; 0.. Parnaby,. repairs to bridge, £2 Is 9d; J. Sweet, day labor, £0; J. Wondland; salary,; £8: ls;do., petty cash, 1Os Td.. Tttal, £86: 19s 10d0. zslNDEs Only ene tender was received' for con tract No. I, forming at Elkine street, that of Chlrles Parnaby, at £9, and it was agreed to accept the tender. era. PROsPEtcrTN PARTY. Messrs A. Saner, J. Bowman, J Booth, and J. R. Richards applied for, the four vacant positions in the prospect ing party at Fell Timber Creek. Sauer stipulated' for the foremanship.. Cr John ston moved a motionappointtnmgRichards as foreman, the other applicants to be subordinate members of the party. So conded by Cr Adas.. attd carried. Sanuor subsequently refused to accept the poei; tion of worknnas. oatN La0 Bssll?ra?. A bengthby discustous took place on a. comrmunication received front the Water' Supply Department, consideration of whtoh was hold over from last meoting, enquiring whether the council had any. water supply objection to allotment 23. parish of Belvoir, being occupied under the 32nd section by E. Merrigan. The president reported that since last meeting he had made enquiries from resi dents of the lcality.. The result of his. investigations had led him to the conclu aslon that it wiould not be deisrablo that. Mr Merrigsn or anybody eko should havse the exclusive ase of the water.. Or O'Connor was also opposed to tho consent of the council being given to the applilcation. as he was aware that tlse. water was a hbsm to manyof the settlers: in the neighborleoed, whose rights shouldt be considered. On tlte ootionn of the preeidett, seocon-.. ldod by Or O'Connor, the secretary was, directed to ilnform the. Water Supply De-. partment that the council objects to thoe, land being er occupled. Moved by Or Johnston, seconded by Or Adams, that the action of thlt "Public Works Commiittee, oL? 'theo 4th day of February, 1890,('asccptling the, tender of Suthernihd and Cumnnltnl,' for' iepnira to No; 3 brldgo Albury road, for thie sumr of £290 17s, he cnfirmed.--lrried. HMfved by the preaident, seeoeded by Or O'Connor, thtat Mr Michael IKnobol be requested to remove the obstruction placed upon the inlain road to Mungala. roens crossing forthwith.-Osarriod. Moved by the president, seconded by Cr O'Connour, and carried, that tenderslbe called for next meeting of thd coaincil for 350 cubic yards of broken metal, to !be stacked on the Albury road. I NOTICE OF MOTION. ! .The president gave notice thathe would move at next meeting of the council that the resolution passed on tlhe 16th August, .1880, appointing Cr Bambrick to sign contracts on behalf of tho council, be re scinded and revoked. Them council then adjourned till Tues day. .. 