PROPOSED STRIKE COMMISSION. MASS MEETING IN BRISBANE. A mass meeting was held in the Centennial Hall last evening for the purpose of supporting Mr. T. Glassey's motion in the Legislative Assembly for the appointment of a commission of inquiry into the rcent labour dispute. The hall was filled to its utmost capacity, fully 1500 persons being present. The chair was taken by Mr. Chas. Seymour (secretary of the Sea- men's Union), and on the platform were Mr. Hoolan (member for Burke) and a number of gentlemen well known in labour circles, in- cluding Messrs. Hinchcliffe, Mabbott, Reid, and others. Good order was well preserved through- out. Each speaker on coming forward was cordially cheered, and the remarks made were applauded at frequent intervals. Mr. Hoolan stepped on to the platform just before the proceedings were commenced. As soon as he made his appearance a voice called out, "Three cheers for Hoolan." The call was instantly responded to in the most hearty manner. The Chairman explained the object of the meeting, and the announcement was received with prolonged cheering. He went on to say that very startling letters had recently been brought under the notice of the House, and Mr. Glassey had also given hon. members some very startling information. He was convinced that this meeting would show that there was a very large section outside of the House to sup- port Mr. Glassey. (Cheers.) He knew that a large number of prominent citizens sympa- thised with them. Mr. Glassey, who was fighting for a noble cause, had not had fair play from the other members of Parliament, a fact which was apparent from the numerous inter- ruptions made during his speeches. He had also been taunted by the Premier with being the associate of thieves or forgers. (Groans.) The Premier had made that statement, but had afterwards varied it by saying that Mr. Glassey was the spokesman of thieves and forgers. He thought that the commission of inquiry asked for by Mr. Glassey should in all fairness be granted, but "human nature was only human nature after all," and it was only to be expected that the other members would oppose it. Mr. Hinchclifff. moved,— "That this mass meeting of citizens of Brisbane regards with indignation the extraordinary opposition shown by the Government and Parliament to Mr. Glassey's motion for an inquiry into the late labour troubles, and declares that to reject such a motion will be to confirm all charges made by him, and will show that the Assembly is sheltering an Administration that has betrayed its trust." (Cries of "Hear, hear," and applause.) If anything were wanting to show that the charges brought against the Government had good foundation their re- fusal to appoint the commission asked for supplied that want. The Government had charged the Australian Labour Federa- tion with all sorts of crimes. There could be no doubt that partiality had been shown towards the pastoralists by the Government during the dispute, but thou- sands of the workers of the colony would stand by Mr. Glassey through this matter. He referred to the remarks made in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Allan, the president of the Pastoralists' Association, as to the unwillingness of the pastoralists to enter into the recent struggle, and wondered how that hon. member could reconcile those state- ments with the action of the pas- toralists of Australasia. He asserted that the Labour Federation had done all in its power to avert the strike, and that had a conference taken place in January last as proposed by them, the trouble, expense, waste of energy and money which had taken place would have been averted. He had not the slightest doubt that a conference could have been brought about and the whole matter amicably settled. In the late struggle, as in the maritime strike, the federation had taken every precaution to preserve law and order. With this in view they had sent messages to all the centres, and if the Colonial Secretary was in possession of these documents it was a most extraordinary thing that he could stand up in the House and accuse the labour leaders of conniving at law- lessness and disorder. Mr. Hinchcliffe then read aloud the letters mentioned recently in the House by Mr. Glassey, and referred in sar- castic terms to the statement made in the House that Mr. Morris's despatch box had been stolen. The box, he said, had been found in the drill-shed among all the baggage from Bar- caldine, and the report that it had been stolen was, he believed, a concoction. Tlie resolution was seconded by Mr. Craw-[?] ford, who said that the action of the Govern- ment in refusing to grant the f. na ;.' -ü[?] of inquiry asked for was quite in keeping with what they had done during the recent dispute. He was in a position to asy that night that the Colonial Secretary had sent a telegram to the effect that the shearing dispute must be settled, even should that settlement result in bloodshed. (Groans, and cries of "Bow-wow.") He also referred to the letter mentioned by the last speaker, and said that if the Government had nothing to fear they would readily grant an in- quiry, while if the labour people on the other hand had anything to fear they would certainly not ask for it. There was, he said, another matter which called for inquiry, and that was the conduct of Mr. Justice Harding in acting during the recent trials as Crown Prosecutor and jury, as well as Judge. It was, in his opinion, a remarkable thing that not a single member of Parliament had had the temerity to speak in Judge Harding's defence. He con- cluded his remarks by expressing a hope that all those present would see that their names were on the electoral rolls, so that they would be in a position to elect an Assembly which would grant this commission of inquiry and have the matter sifted to the bottom. Mr. Hoolan, M.L.A., then came forward. He said he was there to support the resolution. The resolution was "very strong" and bore the stamp of labour in every line. It showed there was good metal there, and that they (the labour advocates) were still alive. Although one of the two boycotted members he had managed to get there that night, but had been very nearly sus- pended. It was, he said, the demand of the people of North Queensland that this inquiry should be held. He had attended meetings in churches, halls, on mullocks, and elsewhere, and at all these gatherings the opinion was unanimous. The inquiry ought to be held; if the labour people were to blame they should be punished, and if the Government were in the wrong, then let the Ministry share the blame they deserved, and go to gaol. (Loud applause.) Mr. Glassey had taken this matter up, not for vain glory, but at the bidding of thousands of the people of the colony. The letters quoted by him were said to have been stolen. He did not care whether they were stolen or not. The mem- bers of the Government were very clever lawyers. They said "We don't admit anything; prove your case." (Laughter.) Many of the outrages reported in the Press during the late strike had been grossly exaggerated. For every gate burned he said twenty were reported, and every spot where a billy had been boiled was reported as a "bush fire," caused by unionists of course. Bough sheds erected for the pro- tection of persons attending race meetings and afterwards burned were reported as "Another woolshed destroyed." The greater the abuse heaped upon Mr. Glassey in his laudable efforts to secure this commission the closer should the labouring classes "stick" to him. It was said by the Government that the labour people were responsible for the bad times, but that was not a fact. The oountry had started to "go down" ten years ago. At the conclusion of the speech three cheers were given for "Glassey and Hoolan." Mr. Mabbott moved the second resolution, which was :— "That the thanks of this meeting be accorded to Mr. T. Glassey for his main- tenance of the cause of the people in the face of the unparalleled opposition and bitterness displayed by the capitalistic Assembly." In the course of his remarks he said that the letters Mr. Glassey quoted showed very plainly that there had been collusion between the Governmont and the squatters. He spoke at some length in favour of the appointment of the commission. The second resolution was seconded by Mr. Bowman, who referred in eulogistic terms to Mr. Glassey, and spoke very bitterly of the actione of the Government during the shearing difficulty. Mr. M. Reid also supported the motion, and in doing so recapitulated many of the state- ments made by him at the open-air meetings on Saturday nights against the stand taken by the Government in regard to the shearing diffi- culty. At the close of his remarks he intimated that there was a third reso- lution to propose, namely :— "That the foregoing resolutions be forwarded to Mr. T. Glassey and the Colonial Secretary," but a suggestion had "come up" from the body of the hall that all present, headed by the chair- man, should march straight to the Legislative Assembly and present the resolutions to Mr. Glassey personally. This proposition met with deafening cheers, and cries of "Come along, boys, or we shall be too late. "Come on; now for the Legislative Assembly." "Three cheers for Glassey and Hoolan." Cheers were given, and in a remarkably short space of time the audience had left the hall and found its way into the street, cheering and groaning alternately as remarks from some of the number suggested. In a rather disorganised though perfectly orderly manner they began the march to Parliament House, headed by the chairman and other prominent exponents of the labour cause. The men walked about ten or twelve deep, and went by way of Albert- street, thence into Queen-street, and along George-street. The loud cheering and groan- ing naturally attracted the attention of every- body in the streets, and by the time the "mass meeting" reached the Parliament gates their ranks had swelled to quite 2000. All along the "line of march" much curiosity was evinced. Doors and windows were thrown open, and here and there a head covered by a nightcap or a figure enveloped in night attire could be seen, looking wonderingly at the pro- cession, while the cabmen on the various stands rushed to their horse's heads to prevent a possible bolt. Arrived at Parliament House two or three delegates made their way into the vestibule of the Legislative Assembly. In the interim there were a few signs of excitement among the crowd, who still cheered or groaned according to the various remarks made by one or other amongst them. There was an inclination on the part of some of the more daring spirits to enter the en- closure, but Mr. Reid ran round advising all to keep outside and remain quiet. After a minute or so he perched himself on top of one of the gate-posts and said to the crowd, "They have gone for Mr. Glassey. He'll be here presently." (Cheers.) He then called for three cheers for "Jack Annear." (Loud groans.) Three cheers for Griffith. (Groans.) Three cheers for Tozer. (Groans, and cries of "Bow, wow, wow," in imitation of a dog's bark.) Soon after this a voice was heard, "Here he comes." "Glassey, Glassey," was passed along, and the hon. member was loudly cheered. Mr. Glassey was assisted on to the top of the gate-post, and was again lustily cheered. As soon as the excitement subsided, Mr. Glassey said he must express his sincere and deep gratitude for the way in which they had carried and conveyed the resolutions to him. He would ask them to kindly disperse in good order and good temper, and to do nothing which would bring discredit upon themselves or the cause they advocated. He would also ask them to say nothing which would injure the feelings of any of the members of Parlia- ment. He advised them to wait for what they desired. "We can," said he, " afford to wait." He again asked them to disperse quietly. Three more cheers were given for "Glassey and Hoolan," and the large crowd then gradually dispersed. NEW ZEALAND. The following items of New Zealand news 1 are forwarded by the Dunedin correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, undor date 2nd instant : . Tho Premier hits had a consultation with Sir \ George Grey in reference to the proceedings of \ the Federation Conference. It is understood I that as a consequence a change has been mado \ in his plans. Originally it was intended to I make no reference at all to federation, but .»-"»rtiply to give Sir George and Captain Russell anf opportunity of making statements to the Honse. It i",*iibw believed that although the Commonwealth Bill cannot be agreed to, pro- posals will bo submitted providing that New Zealand shall enter jbe federation under a looser bond, and that snell proposals will have the support of tho delegates to lae convention. It is now stated that the taxation proposals ' of the Govcrnrnei t will be modified in the | direction of ledicing the tax on incomes «'?»Vived from trade*nnd commerce, and exempt I ,"r . ivemcnls from tho graduated land 11 V nresent improvements up to £0000 Mi 1.1 ' ' ' ampt, but whon nbovo tiiat sum in 1 vak.. r,mplion whatever is made, and both im. iv.' v .1 J i- Miiiniprovcd value nro subjtvii- Lie .>! '. ,! ' i «eil as the ' .xira, sura up to , K nui' : :> tho total raine. ' Tho Legislative Council a, c nil but passed the bill which is to u foi in their constitution and limit their teim of office. The second reading was passed on Ino voices, and the altera- tions mado in eomniiltce consisted only of ox tending the terni foi which a racmbciMiolds his i1' heat from seven to t< n \cais, and giving tho Council power to elect its own Speaker. A flagrant breach iii pro:niso"case was heard at the Supreme Court sinin^s at Invercargill. The plaintiff was Kate Ycioiiica Cross, daughter of a commission «sen!, who is under agc, and tho defendant, Janie-; Li she Theodore Howell, who is at present in Melbourne. Howell, who is n young man whose family is well known in Southland, did not appear. Ho lind kept com- pany with Miss Cio« for iii o year;, and two years ago they weie eivtaüc i, nilli the parents' consent, after which Ho.ni seduced the girl. Subsequently arrnir'cmerti va le nudo for their marriage, but on th" my day the ceremony was to tako pim e, »mil nilen eiery thing even to the breakfast na. jeidy. Howell iHi for Mel- bourne unknown lo ¡.inhoùi. Vathtr and daughter follón. <1 bli i, und innml him. Ho lir.t agreed to niaiiv Mi-.. (.'io... hut next day sent a lotti r n fini ig. Il \iiis shown that Howell would be entitled to about £_."0Ü when his youngest biuthi'i rune of ngi\ and tho j in y gave Miss Cro.3 du'iij'; . foi halt that amount, £1250. An earthquake shock was experienced at Wanganui and Auckland on the morning of 24th June. At Auckland it is said to have been one of the most severe ever experienced, lasting about twenty rcconiK Bl ¡ok buildings vibrated a Kood deal, und in some instances the occupants rushed into the streets'. Tho only damage done was the fall of somo plaster in a few Instance:;, and tho breaking ot a plateglass window. At Otauhu the public sohools woio dismissed owing to the fright the scholars received. From Raglan comes a report that a loud explosion wns heaid out lo Boa. Singularly enough at Rotorua, usually tho centre of caitlnjuakcs, the shock waa not felt. Tho cold has been very intonso in parts. At AiTOivtown, in tho Lakoit district, phenomenally hard frost has prevailed for moro than a week, I the thermometer registering between 5deg. and («leg. below freezing point in well-built hou.es . in tho mornings. It is said that tho relation« between Lord Onslow and a number of members of the Houso of Representatives aro decidedly strained. The usual private entry to members, it appeal s, wa» withheld at a lato leite, and this was followed by only vory fow of tho membcis boing invited to the recent Governor's ball, und severo heart- burnings have bcon iho consequence. As a forging machino, Nnsnvyth's steam hummer has beou put in tho Blindo by tho le- ant ¡nltoduction of hydnuilio forging presses I of immenso power. The largest of thoso manufactured in iliia country eau bo seen in full work at tho Mosbis. Brown's armour-plate foundry in .Shcflio.d. It ia of -1000 tom,, and in worked by '-000-lioiso power pumping envines, und commanded by poworful travelling eianes lifting 150 tons. At Krupp's gteitt gimwoiks lit, Kanon, (icrmnny, a similar pros.s lins been in active employment for como tiino, and they uro also now used in (ho armament factories of Franco, Italy, and the Unitod States. Ciermau and Scandinavian Medicines correctly dispon.cd by Buumgiirdt, Viotorla Bridge Phar- macy, Tolophoiio -iii), and at Kangaroo Point. t-ÍA-r.,} ' 