SHOTS [Flsvi ouv 12IPOUNDER,J Mr. Maddock has a furnished cottage to let. Mr. Clay wishes a stray beast removed from his paddock. Extensive bushfirees have occurred in New South Wales. Mr. Catchpole, Messrs. Beeston Bros,' representative, is coming. In the Port Fairy rifle matches, A. McDonald, of Digby, won a £15 prize. A large addition to the list of Justices of the Peace is likely to be gazetted shortly. Large hauls of salmon were made at Port Fairy on Sunday and Monday. A private rifle match for £1 a side is I to be fired this alternoon between Messrs. W. Bennett and F. Marshall. Tae Julia Percy is expected to arrive ibis evening about 5.30 and the Dawn about 10 o'clock. At Narandera, N.S.W., on Sunday the the thermometer registered 115 in the shade. Felix Tanner, the fasting man, an- I nounces his intention of going to England to try a 46 days' fast on water. Mr. E, Doffett, of Oakbank, has given t a donation of five guineas to the Iaamil. ton Hospital. Mr. J. R. Remfry, of Branxholme, is leaving for the head mastership of Gee long State School. The Melbourne Post-office clock chimed out "Auld Lang Syne," and "God Save the Queen," on New Year's Eve. Earl Jersey, the new Governor of New South Wales, is expected to arrive in Adelaide on Wednesday. A writer in the Argus speaks of cruel ties inflicted on aboriginals in Western Australia. Carbine's dam, Mersey, with a colt I foal by Nordenfeldt, was sold on Monday s for 2,300 guineas. -A Mrs. Younger, of Lilydale, aged 80, has committed suicide by cutting her throat. Nordenfeldt has been sold in New Zealand to Mr. S. Hordern, of Sydney, for 5,600 guineas. A Herald reporter has found a Victoria Cross hero sleeving in a gutter in Mel bourne, and makes an appeal on his behalf. Miss Nellie Farreu and Mi. Frank I Leslie, of the Gaiety Burlesque Company, are expected to leave England for Aus tralia in April. t For assaulting a constable and some c other people the other day, a cowardly r fellow named McLellan was fined at the c City Court in all £13 Se 6d. Captain F. R. Reynolds, R.E., of the School of Military Engineering at Chat- c ham, has been appointed garrison in. structor to the Victorian Military Forces. Mr. D, Wallace while driving in a trap last week was thrown out but only sus tained very trivial injuries to the leg and I wrist. A clerk in a mercantile house at Gee long, started with £6 at the V.R.C. meeting, and finished up by winning £250 on the day. For throwing boiling water over his wife a man named Kelly, residing at Bris. I bane, has been sentenced to five months' imprisonment. Both were drunk at the time. C. E. MacKenzie, a clerk in the Haw thorn branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, has been arrested on a charge of embezzling, but the entire sum is not yet known. ,The banks of the United Kingdom, numbering 380, have deposited with them £900,000,000, and of this total it has been calculated a fourth will remain for ever unclaimed by the owners or their heirs. While parading the streets in Ascot Vale recently some militiamen were the cause of a vehicle being capsized through thj horses being frightened. A claim was made for damages, and the Defence Department has paid £288 12s 6d to settle the matter. Colonel Hertiek, an old and respected settler in Hawke's Bay, met with a fatal accident while visiting the Waihi Falls with a picnic party. By some mischance he fell over the falls, a distance of some 80ft., his body falling at the feet of his horrified daughter. The human little toe is going. It has been of no good since boots were invented, except to grow corns on. It has been found that in the case of the male sex 31 per cent., and it the female 41 per cent., of the little toes a;e degenerating th r gh the terminal bones fusing in one piece. An old cripple travelled on crutches from Taranaki to Wellington, adistance of 250 miles, with the object of spending his Christmas with friends in Canterbury. The trustees of the benevolent institution paid his fare to Lyttleton by sea, the old man stating he would have walked it were such a thing feasible. A man in Portland, Washington, re cently swallowed a leech while drinking from a hose. It took hold at once, and for some days nothing could dislodge its hold. An old army surgeon was con suited, and settled the case effectually. 1e put the patient to bed, and kept him full of whisky for three days, when the leech got soaked, and let go its grasp. Very neavy thunderstorms have oo ourred at Croydon. Rain fell in torrents for an hour. Stockyard Creek has risen to the highest level known, overflowing its hanks and doing much damage to pro perty in the town. The rainfall registered was 274 points. The weather is still threatening. The Battery dams are all full. A yso?,e gentleman from England, son of a wealthy brewer, went to Toowoomba on a visit, and was found helpless in the street, one side of his body having become paralysed. Being a stranger, he was taken to the hospital, and the reside it surgeon, Dr. Nolan, assisted by Dr. a Roberts and Dr. McDonnell, performed a surgical operation, and the patient re r covered the uo of his disabled side. It is expected perfect recovery will be effected. The patient states that Sir SJames Paget, the eminent surgeon, per. Sformed a similar operation on him in SLondon, and warned him that a second 5 operation would be necessary for complete cure. 