COUNTRY NEWS. SEYMOUR, Sxtnujly. Mr. R. G. Fuller, solicitor, who has resided here for a number of years, com mitted suicide early yesterday morning, by shooting himself through toe heart. Aflt inquest was held in toe afternoon, when a letter was produced which, was left fey deceased stating1 tort he had resolved to take his life in ooBseq&ence; of business complications. Yertort of suicide whilst suffering irom tempocaiy insanity, was re- turned. BALLARAT, Strsnav. James Johnston, charged with, themurdpi of his wife and children, is expected to he sufficiently recovered to a few weeks to appear before toe police-court. On Saturday 'toe ease was fnrther remanded for a week. . SANDHURST, Sukday. An old English custom was totebduoed here to-day, when Mayor J. R. Hoskins and / the members of the city council ; Mr. Donovan, town clerk with <other officers of of toe cooncH, attended in a body at St. Paul's Church, led by toe Yen.. Ardhdeacon MGnilagh and Rev. 3. Evans. The mayor, in his xobes of office, aasdwonncsflors martoed in procession from toe town-hall to toe cbnrch. There wasa number qpte- fotprs«hth» w>rte«f toe procession, ami the ehnrch was prowfied to excess. An ap propriate sermon was preached by toe arch deacon. Flags were fiytog at the torx- hafl and tomrh su fewour of toe occa sion. SANPtruacsi-', TYBuanHSBiY. Information was received to - day «f a fotal atifidsut unar toe township iff Teelleen, seme miles .distitot. A farmer named Rrtriek Uomec, -wdl-iftowa aad hibtly respected toreughefit toe. distriot« was tiffing, hams irem Toolteen ta his form rt Monst Ffeasart on Monday night, when he was thrown from his horse. He was found tying on The road with his hoopemearhtm yestrnday nmrn- %«wh - SIIPH IMI fsJI An W slfesnfl© IkfffaS rth /wuwtfira w « t>l"b"n » '» Toolleen , where he was attended by a doctor; hut expired shortly afterwards. A magia terial inquiry was held, when a verdict oil accidental cfeato was returned. Shortly before 1$ n'rihook to-mgM, a fire broke oat in a hoase iu Thistle strert, owned by a miner naasfed -Jgcafetm. 33fe» Gaidar square firebril rang, and toe brigade promptly on toe arrerted fiamet when oi fly one room was destroyed. Jar- mison's son, a lad 11 yeses wf age, who was the only occupant ©! too house at the time, had a narrow esoape. Tfesee boys named Oliver (two brothers) and Becker were seen Tunning away from the house when the fire broke out. Becker was subsequently ar rested and locked up. - BALE, "Wednesuay. Dr. "Welti, "who recently commenced to practise ia 8ale, was thrown from his horsa" this evening, and s«tained a fracture iff the thigh bone of the leg in which he was always, unfbrtuaateiy, lamo. He is pro gressing favourably, HAMILTON, WsnsTESDAY. . A meeting of nympatiusers with those farmers, who sustamed losses by toe fete bush-fires was held in Hamilton Town-haS this evening, the mayor occupying the chair. A committee of 10 was elected to collect sub scriptions. Those present promised and it is expected that about £500 wffi b received. 