NORTHAM. From our own Correspondent. Great disappdintment has been caused ixx sporting circles here by J. A. Dexter receding from the challenge he issued to P. J. Lawler a few weeks back. Dexter ixx issuing the challenge, specified that it should be open till a certain date, and, if accepted, a deposit was to be made by both parties. The challenge was only issued a few days prior to this "certain date," so that Lawler, who lives in the country, had scarcely time to see or hear of it. However, Mr. G. H. I. Leeder, the well-known sport of Newcastle, knowing well that Lawler would accept the challenge, forwarded the required deposit just in the nick of time, so to speak. All over the world it is an established rule for a person issuing a challenge to deposit a portion of the stakes in the hands of the proprietor of the paper in which it appears, or some other respectable per son, as a guarantee of good faith. This Dexter did not do, and thus committed a most unsportsmanlike breach of etiquette. Dexter would not cover Lawler's deposit after it had been made, and of course Lawler will have xxo satisfaction for the trouble ho has been put to. In the columns of last Saturday's Chronicle he has, however, asked to know Dexter's intentions respecting the matter. The next time a challenge is made without a deposit I should think it will be treated, as it deserves, with contempt. Our farmers are just beginning to erect and repair- their fences that have been destroyed by the recent disastrous bush- fire. The telegraph posts that wei'e burnt were soon replaced by the proper j authorities, but our Roads Board is rather dilatory about the repairing of the culverts. About three and a half miles from town, along the York-Northam road one very large culvert, or rather a little bridge, was totally destroyed by the fire, and no steps whatever have been taken to have it repaired as yet ; tenders have not even been called for. The gully which it crossed is very deep, with sandy approaches, and it is almost an impossibility for a loaded team to pass over it. A few teamsters have found it expedient to un load before attempting a passage. The indifference -shown by the Board, whose members are aware of this state of things, is really vexing. They are waiting for their usual monthly meeting, I suppose, but surely where a question of the stoppage of traffic is concerned along .a main road connecting two townships, one would think they sliould call a special meeting. I have known them to call a special meeting over matters of less importance many a time. Mr. Byfiold's Roller Mill is again being overwhelmingly besieged with grain this season. From 1000 to 1,500 bushels per day have been rolling into town during the last three weeks. Even now Mr. Byfield has a new stack of wheat, on the ground adjoining the mill, bigger than. he had last year, and by the time it is com pleted, it will be twice as large. Mr. Byfield to save time, has agreed with most of the farmers to take the weight of the first load as the average weight of the loads through the season. The first load is therefore taken to the mill and weighed and all the future loads are unloaded at the stack, where four or five different teams can unload at once. This is a very good plan, for if all the teams had to be unloaded at the mill they would be block ing the way, and many teams would have - to wait hours before tlieir turn came. Our annual race meeting takes place to morrow. Yex'y little interest seems to be centred in it by- the majority of the people, owing, I suppose, to the apparent ly small number of entries for the various events. On Wednesday last' a cricket match was played orx the Recreation Ground, be tween teams representing Northam and Ilorse Hill. The countrymen won the game with 7 wickets to spare. Northam lxad a very strong team, but had a lot of bad luck, and, moreover, the bowling of H. Watson proved fatal to their cause ; his analysis in the first innings being four wickets for seven runs, . and in the second ' innings six for twenty-five. On Monday next the annual Sports at Greenhills will take place, and promise to be a success from every point of view. For the Sheffield Handicap thirty entries have been taken. My "tips" are, for first place Ashworth, second Twine, and, third, one of our Northam men. On Saturday next a cricket match will be played here, between' the employees. of Messrs. Throssell, Son, & Stewart and the employees of the other establishments in the town; A branch of the West Australian Bank was opened for business here last week under the management of Mr. James Mitchell. The weather during the day is fairly hot but windy, and, consequently cool at night. Feb. 5. An athletic club has been formed here at last. At a meeting held at Slater's hotel on Saturday night last it was resolved that an athletic club be formed and that the first meeting be held on St. Patrick's Day. Mr. G. Throssell, M.L.A. was elected President, and Mr. Madden, Manager of the National Bank, Vice- president. The following are the names of the gentlemen elected to form the committee: — Messrs. H. F. Throssell, Secretary, J. Sermon, B. McManus, F. Elwell and T. Driscoll. Yesterday the annnal meeting of the Greenhills Athletic Club took place and afforded an excellent day's outing for our people. The following are the names of the fortunate competitors : — Maiden Race, J. Bourke, Irislxtown, 1, G. Done gal!, Newcastle, 2: Sheffield Handicap, G. Donegan, Newcastle, 13yds. 1, Coyne, Irislxtown, lljyds. 2, J. Bourke, Irish- town, llyds. 3 : 350 Yards Handicap, T. Driscoll, Northern, 15yds. 1, J. Bourke, Irishtown, 20yds. 2 : Champion Race 100 Yards, P. J. Lawler 1, T. E. Buckley 2 : Losers Handicap, E. Weston, 1, T. Coyne 2. I wish to congratulate Mr. J. M. Carroll on the snccessful issue of the meeting, and Mr. B. McManus for the really marvellous manner in which he handicapped the men. Unfortunately no time was taken for the different events throughout the day. Yesterday a marriage was celebrated here at wlxich Father Tracey officiated. The contracting parties were Mr. Jos. Martin of Northam, and Miss Sermon of Horse 'Hill. I was not present at the wedding ceremony owing to the Green- liill Sports taking place at the same time, Feb. 11. 