GENERAL NEWS. Dr. Tratman has resigned his position as Government analyst, and the Govern ment are now considering the appointment of some gentleman to fill the vacant posit ion. A special meeting of the members of the Royal Agricultural Society of Western Australia was held on Friday for the pur pose of considering certain alterations in the rules proposed by Messrs. Morrison, Richardson ini Brockman. The President (Mr. E. T. Hooley) took the chair, and there were present :— Messrs. Fauntleroy (sec), W. T. Loton, W. G. Hearman, E. Robinson, T. Jecks, J. M. Hnbbard, R. D. Hardey, R. W. Hardey J. Morrison, T. Burges, A. R. Richardson, S. R. Hamersleyand Liddelow. Mr. J. Morrison pointed out that the land that the society owned at Guildford pras now worth about JE2,50O. The society was now to be considered the principal society in West Australia. It was desirable that the system of balloting for members should be introduced, and there should be a distinction between memberd and sub scribers. He moved, 'That the names of persons who wish to become members of the Royal Agricultural Society of West ern Australia should be proposed and seconded by members ef the society at any general or committee meeting, the election to be by ballot and one black ball in five to exclude. That the com mittee for the year should be the body for electing members by ballot.' Mr. Burges seconded the motion, which was carried. The Treasurer (Mr. W. T. Loton) read a financial statement, from which it appear ed that there was a debit balance ©f .£349 15s. 4d. last year aud £600 due on deben tures. The receipts during the year amounted to £634 2s. 7d., and the expendi ture, £566 18s. 2d. leaving a debit balance on the' 1st instant of £282 10s. lid. Notices ef motion for the next meeting having been given, the meeting closed. The annual general meeting of the mom bers of the S. R. Mechanics' Institute, whieh stands adjourned from last Monday evening, will be held at 8 o'clock this even ing. The chair will be taken by the President, Mr. E. K. Courthope. It is ex pected that several matters of interest to the members in connection with the affairs of the institution will be brought forward and discussed. At the Perth Police-court this morning Thomas Wiltshire for vagrancy was cau bioned ; Peter Vigo for a similar offence was sent to prison for 3 months ; Ah Pan, zharged with being on the premises of Messrs. Dromey for an unlawful purpose, was remanded ; Nesbit Gregg, lor vagrancy tvas cautioned and discharged; Frederick md Edgar Bell, two boys, whotwere charg sd with bathing during prohibited hours, were cautioned. We regret to hear that an accident of a serious nature occurred on Saturday after ii on to p.c. Tyler, whilst riding in the out skirts of Perth. He was cantering in company with Mr. VV'. E. Victor, when his borse swerved and jammed him e gainst a tree. With assistance the injured man was brought in and removed to the Police Barracks and the Medical Officer was quick ly in attendance. It was found that Tyler had sustained serious internal injuries, and the doctor was in oloae attendance on him both on Saturday and yesterday. This morning the injured man was still in the same condition, and is suffering great pain. Referring to the serious damage that has recently taken place at York through bush fires, the local paper states :— A woman named Burton, who resides about 12 miles from York, has suffered considerably dur ing tbe week through bushfires. The whole of her wheat crop was burnt, while her garden and other property was greatly damaged. — We regret to hear of tbe great loss Mr. J. H. Monger has sustained during the;weekby fire. About 2,500 acres of splendid bush feed have been totally des troyed, besides a quantity of fencing, at his Colyernine paddocks. It has been found necessary to remove the whole of the sheep which were depasturing in the paddocks at the time. — Mr. Joseph Hicks seems to be particularly unfortunate this year with re spect to fires. Only a few weeks ago he was a heavy loser by having a large area of country burnt, while we are informed as late as the beginning of this week he had a considerable quantity of feed destroyed by this disastrous element. Mr. Hicks' loss must be enormous, and we extend to him our sympathies, hoping at the same time that Dame Fortune will be kinder to him in the future. . . A telegram for J. Reader, from Roe bourne, is lying at the Central Telegraph office. ; - r :??: ::??.:- ' The following persons booked passages by the train which left Albany for Beverley this morning :— Mr. J. Dargen, Mr. F. ii. Clarke, Mr. J. Marshall, Mr. R. T. Ellis,1 Mr. F. Illingworth, Miss Illingworth, Mrs. and Miss Turner, first class and three otherB in the second class, for Perth, and eight second class for Guildford. ; : To-night Hayes' Circus, which has at tracted suchlarge housos in Perth recently, will be opened for the last time prior to a ' season at Fremantle. The show is one of the best that has visited the colony and is well worth a visit. There will be an entire change of programme, particulars of which appear in our advertising columns. : The Melbourne Argus thxxs earns up a leading article on the formation of the first ministry in Western Australia : — ' In a judicious policy of public works, in giving every inducement to immigration, m assis ting mining in legitimate ways, lies the principal duty for the time being of the Western Australian Ministry.' A well-known boatman of Albany, named Joseph Foote, died at Mr. Campbell Tay lor's station, on the Thomas River (S.E. Coast),a few days ago, from the effects of a bite he received from a black snake. On Saturday the West Perth C,C. met the Perth C.C. on the New Recreation Ground. The Perths went to the wickets first and only put together 29 runs, ? the innings of the opposing team closing for 169. On Friday Mr. Peyton Davies* trotting mare Bettie dropped a foal to War Cry. It was as long ago as December 26th, 1889, that Bettie paid a visit to War Cry at York, and the time that elapsed between the two events— one year and twelve days — was somewhat phenomenal. The foal, which was said to be a miniature reproduction of her sire, died the following morning. In our reproduction of the telegram re ceived by the Postmaster General from Mr. J. O'Connell at La Grange Bay a slight error occurred. It should have read ' Be tween 115 and 128 poles leaning along line,wire having slipped through the wires.' No further intelligence has yet come to hand of the extent of the cyclone and the damage done. An Association match of the season was commenced on Saturday, in the Fre mantle Park, between teams representing the M.C.C., and F.C.C. The latter won the toss and sent their opponents to ^.he wicket. The M.C.C. were dismissed for 150. Messrs. H. Wright, R. A. Piper, 'FaTrragcbttf - O. L. Husseyand Hearman compiled dottble figures- The F.C.C, com menced their inning's dt. »'% and when stumps were drawn had lost two ificEet? for 10 runs, The match will be continued at an early date. From York we learn that Mr. .Kenneth Edwards, of the firm of C. & K. Edward*, was married to Miss Andrews in Melbourne on Wednesday afternoon last. The newly married couple left for Launcsston shortly after tbe. ceremony, where they will spend their honeymoon. In to-day's sporting column we publish the correct list of entries and weights in con nection with the Newcastle races, to be run off on the 16th January. The list publish ed by our morning contemporary is incor rect; and,- therefore, misleading. At the Fremantle Po]ice:ctfuit this morn ingi Jack, a Chinaman, brought up on s^usj picion. of, being of. unsound mind, was' remanded for medical examination. The following circular from the Bishop of Perth is being circulated among the parish ioners of St. George's :— Your attendance, and that of any friends or members of your family, is especially requested at a meet ing of members of the Church in Perth, to be held in the Cathedral Sunday School room on Thursday evening next, at 8 o'clock, for the purpose of forming a Dio cesan Home Mission, tir Ci urch Extension Society, in accordance with a resolution of the Diocesan Synod at its last session. The main object of the Society is to provide additional clergy, and to erect temporary Mission Churches at now centres of popu lation and in remote localities as yet un provided for. Assistance is urgently needed towards at once providing a Mis sion Clergyman or Deacon Schoolmaster at Southern Cross (in the Eastern Goldfields) and erecting there a building to serve tem porarily a3 a school and place of worship, and the Society will be asked to let this be the first object to which the subscrip tions and donations of its members are ap plied. The business before the Meeting will be— 1. To determine the objects of the Society, in accordance with the scheme approved by the Synod. 2. To adopt Reg ulations for the Constitution of the Society, and the conduct of its affairs. 3. To enrol MembeiB. 4. To appoint a Provisional Central Committee and other Officers. Ths mails brought to Albany on Satur day by the R.M.S. Lusitania and Britan nia will reach Perth by train at 2 o'clock to-morrow. On Tuesday last, says the Victorian Express, a man well-known in this district as Isaac Clements, and who, about a fort night ago, arrived in town from the Murch ison, was arrested by the police at Perth on charges of forgery and for obtaining goods and money under false pretences. It ap pears that a draft for £2,900 payable to the order of Wm. Clements, came into Mr. Isaac Clement's possession, and was pres ented at the W. A. Bank, Geraldton, for payment. Mr. Clements managed some how to satisfy the manager of the Bank that he was the party whose name appear ed on the face of the bill of exchange, and for a day or two he played the part of a Lord Bountiful. A few of his cheques, amounting to something like £100, were duly honored, the proceeds of them going to fit out his friends with clothing, jewell ery, etc. The local police, however, hear ing of Mr. Clement's good foitune, and be ing acquainted with the gentleman's antecedents, suspected that the draft had got int* the wrong hands, and immediately set to work to find out the truth or other wise of Clements' story, and after a time succeeded in discovering a party beliaved to be the real ' Simon Pure,' in the person of a Mr. William Clements, residing at Perth. On making this discovery, Mr. Isaac Clements who, we believe, claims the Christian name of Isaac Williams, was, as we|have already stated, arrested. Suspic ion once aroused as to the gentlemen's iden tity, his cheques in circulation in Gerald ton were refused at the bank. These, amounting to about £100 in all, are now in the hands of the police. We have omitted to mention that Mr. Clements provided the wherewithal to treat a number of his friends to a trip to Perth by the last Rob Roy to witness the races. As things have turned out, Mr. Clements, however, had not the pleasure of visiting the racecourse, as he was by that time in the custody of the police. He will be brought to Gerald ton next week when a preliminary hearing will be given to him at the Geraldton Police Court. On 'Change to-day Centrals were, sellers 10s., buyers 6s. 6d. ; Centrals Extended, buyers Is. Id. with sellers at Is. 2d. ; Fra 8er8, 9s. sellers 8s. Id. buyers; Fraaer's South, buyers 11s., sailers 15s., do. (con.) buyers 9s., Bellers 14s. ; Hope's Hill (con.) buyers Is. 9d. sellers 2s. 8d. Caledonian (con) buyers lOd. sellers Is. 6d., Waterhall (con) buyers 2d., sellers 9d.; Exchange (pro) buyers 9d., sellers Is. 2d. ; do (con) buyers 6d. sellers lOd. The inquest on the fire on Weiss' prem ises was concluded this morning ; the jury returning an open verdict. We shall pub lish the remainder of the evidence to morrow. 