GENERAL NEWS. o F&om; reports to hand we gather that the water supply on the road from York to Yilgarn goldfields is getting very low. " v The neoessity for an increase in the. accommodation for the storage of goods etc., at the Bail way Station here is be coming daily more apparent. . "We were.infprmea last evening that the Golden Gate jumping ease has been ddci&ed; in favor of the Company. We notioft that Dr McWilliams, who for some few months practised in this j district, has entered into partnership with Dr. Kenny, of Perth, y ■ ^ Da- O'Mbeuajj's 'assistant, Dr. Duxysan, artived in York by the'mail-; train on Monday mo^ng Bst. 1 The Elder exploring party arrived at Southern Gross on the 20th instant, and left for the MuVchison on&he; 23rd. At the Police Court on Monday last, Patrick McLoughlin was fined 10/--, or *1 days' imprisonment; for making < use of obscene language/ • • t An election of three members ±o serve on the York Beads Board , will take place at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday, December 21. Oandidates are required to give seven clear days' notice. Bush-fires, like influenza, are very prevalent, in:these districts juBt now. Me&Bra.; Parker Bros., and Dinsdsle, lost a Considerable acreage of -bush feed from the former cause on Tuesday last at the . 7-mile gully on the • York- Guildford j Wad. j Tehdehs are anvitod, by the York Municipal Council, up tillPriday next, the 4th proximo, from persons willing to perform the duties pf Clerk and Col lector, Supervisor of Work, and Inspec tor of Nuisances, for the York Munici pality. . . j An will be seen from an 'advertns'elhfent j appearing elsewhere, Mr 8, H Parker, I the member for this district, will address I his constituents at the Mechanics' In stitute on Tuesday evening next, $$ S, p.m. The publio are invited to attend. . A stbe broke out at the rear of tbe residence of Mrs. Lowe last Tuesday morning. The fire-bell was at once set in motion and before many minutes had elapsed a number of residents had hssppibled on the scene, wWsucceeded, notwithstianding a strong gale was flowing at the time, in arresting the flames before any serioiiB damage had t been done. i The marriage of Mr. P. W. Moor- j head, solicitor, Perth, to Mrs. Amy, Campbell, daughter of the Hon. 3: H Monger, M.L.C., was solemnised at. t^6 Soman Catholic Church in this torfn pn^ Saturday morning last, the Rev. jr. J. Gibney officiating, assisted by the Be*. Canon Morgan. Immediately, after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Moor head left by train for Mount Baker, for the puj- pose of spending a'few days. i are informed upon reliable au thority that fhe following tenders have b^enhiccepbed by the- Government Conveyance of mails to Boyadine etc., J-"Wansbrongh, at £52 per annum; Meckering, etc., J Endersby, £38 per &nnum; Southern CrosB service, Yilgara. Garrying Company, £675 per annum,; York Post Office to Bail way Station and: efoe versa, T H Horton,. £72- per; annum; ' . * •<, • . Proje^bpor Anderson vopened at Oddfellow*!'-Hall on Wednesday.even-' iftg.but owing to the very, few people' whaniuatered on the occasion, postponed tbe anjertainnieht until, Thursday even fng/at the same - time announcing that ^reduction would be made in the prices of admifesitm. • On Thursday there was a fair attendance, and the audience spmned to fully appreciate the efforts -of tho Professor and' 'Mdlle Blanche to entertain them. A WELEr-orowN land and eommiaiioa Agent named R S Brown, who has carri ed on business at Perth for some time past, committed suicide at G-uildford the ether day by taking a dose of strych nine. Fitzgerald's' palaoe circus, which has been playing to crowded houses at the Metropolis for the past week, will probably Appear in fork in about a fortnight's time for one night only. However, full particulars will be given in our next issue. Si-TS the Dail#. Newt of Thursday last:—General Booth is a passenger to India by the, R.M.S. Valetta, which left Adelaide yesterday, and will be due fet Albany on Saturday afternoon. Attached to the General's staff on board are a' u field : officer " and a staff of hallelugah lads and laddies who have been detailed for mission services in Western Australia. They will land at Albany, and there open what in the opiniop of sympathisers with the cause of the Salvationists " Will prove a most supce^Bfiil " campaign." T«b following tenders have been Accepted by the Government: Yobk 0\. & K. Edwards, general supplies at various prioeB. except fresh meat, salt beef, and pork. E. J. & W. Parker, fresh meat 4£d«i salt beef 8d. salt pork 5d. G. Wall, burial of paupers, adults £4; children £1 Is. Newcastle—H. Eavey, jr., firewood at 9/6 per cord. J. Sinclair, .sen., mi.k at 1/8 per gallon. W. A. PemesBon, general supplies at various prices, except milk. W. A. Demassoa, fresh meat at 5^d., salt beef at 6d., salt pork at lOd. W. A. Hemasson, burial of paaipers, adults £5 ; children £8. Gun Newcastle correspondent writ ing under yesterday^ date, says:—^Yes terday afternoon Mr. S. Haggar, an old &nd; respected aetiler, passed away. The deceased who had been to Perth, as WitnesB in the case of Edgill v. Clark son, returned home on Tuesday evening in a semi-conscious state, and has never spoken since. He was about 63 years; of age. The funeral takes plaoe this afternaon. Mr. J. Erench, of Irish town, died on Wednesday morning, and was buried at Northam yesterday after-1 noon. Both the above were very old i friends. Messes. Hick, Martin, & Dex» bale, Wool-brokers, of Melbourne and Sydney, report under .date November 16, as follows :—A large business has been done during the week. 30,240 bales have been offered of which 24,650 have been sold. The total offerings for the season now amount to 93,275 bales and the sales to 79,778. The selection - of the past few days has included some superior Western X>istrict Merinos of the best quality and style and in very light condition. Prices for this class have ranged from 12d to 14£d for from 50 to 56o/o yield. All well-grown light-conditioned merinos are in strong demahd at former quotations, and are being almost entirely taken for the United States. Ordinary and inferior merinos are slightly easier, and lots can be picked up which will produce a Top id less than last week's quotations. There is no change ta the price of CroBBbreds. On Thursday afternoon *ast a fire was noticed near a haystack at the residence of the Iter P J Gibney, Upon closer examination it was discovered that a , quantity of rubbish Surrounding the stack had beep ignited, apd the alarm was at once given. There was soon a large number on the spot who succeed ed in extinguishjng the flames. r. It is hmderstooci that the fire was started by .two small hoys'.,'carrying a piece qfi Smouldering horse manure;to the ha£ I stack. They bad .been watching the' I permanent • way men' burning the grass ,on either side of the radw'ay line, and? with the yiew of having a fire as they; thought, between themselves, attempt ed to burn tho haystack in question, which contained about 15 tons of that very valuable commodity. Fortunately: the young rascals were frustrated in their attem [)t, and what might have nrov*d' a, most disastrous fire, was, through the praise v orthy efforts of several citizens, confined to a very small space. 