Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; Since tbe holidays tbe weather has been hot and oppressive. The last day of the year the maximum shade (temperature was 83*, New Year's Day 83-, and on Friday the high temperature of 94-8 was reached. On Saturday it fell to88*9, and the highest on Sunday was 84*. On the 6th it roBe to 92*6. There is no record of aty similar spell ef high temperature at Sydney in previous years. Here are six days, consecutively, of unusually not weather, whereas it is generally tbe case that a change comes in three, or at most in four, days. From the foregoing figures, which are authoritatively supplied by Mr. Ruseell, it will'be seen that Sydney has bran having unusually hot weather, and a remark - aoie persistency ot it. xn previous Decem bers and previous Januarys there has been a higher temperature, but not so great persistency, and it is no wonder the heat bas fceen felt ao severely. As the Government Astronomer's forecasts have announced, winds from north to west and N.W. have principally prevailed over the colony. There has been no force jn the wind,, but it has gathered' heat as it travelled over tbe heated, lands in the interior of the con- ] tinent, and on its way to the coast has proved a scorcher . to this colony. Of the rainfall which has accompanied this close and muggy weather in the country tele- ! graphic news ia given. About one-half of the colony had it showeiy during Monday, and in the S. W dis tricts somo heavy rain fell. Hot winds seemed to pre vail over most portions of the colony up to Monday, and in some places Tuesday, the heat being described as intense. Summarising some of our despatches, we may state that at Albury the rain on Monday extinguished all bush fires. Heavy rain fell at Bathurst, Blayney, Bowral, Bulli, Canowindra, Carcoar (ljin.., Gosford, Gulgong, Coolamon, Crookwell, Gunaagai, Orange, Peak Hill, Yass, Cudal, Coonamble (115 points), Forbes (140 points), Harden, Lake Cudgellico (211 points), Wellington, Dubbo, Mudgee, Murrumburrah, Parkes. BINGARA, January 3. The weather during the week has been very hot, re gistering 100' in the shade. Bosh fires are raging on all sides of tho town, the smoke from the fires to-day completely smothering the whole place. There seems every appearance. of dry weather for a time. Th s year hay will not be so plentiful as last. The rust not coming in time to spoil the grain of the Wheat, the farmers hare had it all stripped, thereby making wheat plentiful and hay scarce. Wheat is bringing about 3s 6d. The eUck pavings are : 120 rams from Tamworth to Myall Creek, Messrs. M'Farland and Yotmgowners, J. Connors in charge. COOTAMTJNDRA, January 5. Stock passings : 8000 wethers from Hay to Goul burn, W. Longhnan owner. T. Hyde in charge. The weather during the past fortnight haB been intensely hot. Bush fires have been raging on all sides of the townj illuminating die eky at night The grass being so thick and long it was next to impossible to stop the progress of the fire, and had not rain set in last Sunday night just when the fires were raging their fiercest, there is no telling what damage would have been done. The most damage done is on the Berthong estate, where over 1000 acies of grass were burnt During the atternoon ot Sunday the thermometer ranged as high as 102* in the shade; 80 points of rain were recorded. GOSFORD, January 5. The weather during the last fortnight has from warm and dry, and fruitgrowers are busy now pulling and packing their fruit for market A fruitgrower from Lane Cove, visiting this district the other day, said that the fruit grown here is fit for market three weeks earlier than that grown in other parts within the Same ^iBtanrM, LISMORE, January 5. The weather for the last week has beat excessively hot, the temperature ranging up to 97* in the shade, and what has caused this to be felt more than oroinarily is that we have had some hat nights, a very rare occur rence here. MUDGEE, January 3. The week has been a fearfully hot one. To-day the thermometer registered 95* in tbe shade. It is the champion hot day ' as yet this ceason. ' Threshing machines have commenced their rounds, and as bush fires are very prevalent, farmers are naturally anxious to have their stacks of wheat put ont of danger. One end of the Putta Bucca paddocks bas been swept clean by fires, and at one time the farms adjacent were in extreme danger. To- day a fierce fire is raging across the reserve near the cemetery, caused by the party of men. who have the contract for burning the grass round the cemetery fence allowing the flames to get the mastery of them. Over 20 panels of the paling fence have been utterly -destroyed, and many more injured. The mountains around are covered with smoke, and this with the rarefied air caused by the fires has tended to render the heat almost intolerable. Before the 'season is over there will be great damage caused by these fires, as tbe grass everywhere is exceptionally rank and dry. The maize crops look well, as the shower last week freshened them up. ORANGE, January 6. Up to Saturday the weather had been continuously excellent and fine for a considerable period, but on that day a very severe change took place in the atmosphere. Saturday was very hot, .but was completely eclipsed by the intense heat of Sunday. The sun was scorching, and the air muggy and close, all portending a heavy fall of rain. On Monday the sky was very cloudy, and in the morning and afternoon heavy rain fell, culmina ting in a very heavy downpour about 6.30 p.m., and continuing for over four' hours. On Saturday, the greatest heat registered at (he post-office was 87', and on Sunday 91*5. Two and. a quarter inches of Tain were ragiitered frem 9 o'clock on Monday until 9 o'clock on Tuesday morning. SEBASTOPOL, January 5. We have had an illustration of the truth of the saw that ' fire and water are good servants, but bad masters.' Yesterday promised to culminate in some thing approaching to Black Thursday, for large fires were visible at three points of the compass, especially on the Temora side. Yesterday morning there wasa big fire- some four or five miles from Temora towards Barmedman. It had evidently crossed the Temora road, for immense clouds of smoke were continually showing towards the eastward. At about 1 p.m. yes terday Temora seemed to be enveloped in smoke, and shortly after midnight there was a sheet of flame visible from Sebastopol terrible to behold. There was a strong wind blowing in the direction of Sebastopol, and many anxious eyes rested on the brilliant light to the north. At the same time fires were visible in the direction of the Rock, so far as could be judged without compass. There was also a bright light behind Mr. O'Brien's farm near Bagdad. Until the Temora mail arrives here we cannot tell the damage sustained in that direction; but there have been severe losses of pasture both at Merulebale — viz., The Rock, which is the old name of the Btation — and also ' at Mr. .Fitzpatrick's Erin vale. Fortunately, rain commenced about half -past 1 this morning, and as the storm came from the Temora side it is probable that tbe fire in that direction has been quenched. It is now raining, and there has been more or lesB rain all night If thiB rain storm had not arrived in due time, there must have been some harrowing scenes, for it is impossible to oheck a bueh fire amongst the back places where both grass and crops show an abnormal growth. As things now stand it is presumable that fully 10,000 acres of grass were burnt yesterday, owing to the wide stretch of country over which the fires were raging, and it appears impossible that all the farms could escape. The only advantage is that when afire now occurs the farming population is so large that many of the fire beaters are soon assembled. Stripping is in full swing ; but in some cases the crops contain many weeds and black oats. With regard to rust, it is patchy, and the same may be said of thecrops, for in seme cases — for instance, Mr. R. O'Brien's farm at Bagdad— there is an immense even crop, clean and in excellent order, while nearer Temora there have been farms with much rust, and close to them Houston and Cha&tnel; are stripping 30 bushel per acre of clean crop. TENTERFIELD, December 29. The wheat crop of this season has turned out splendidly, and the best of harvesting weather bas pre vailed.- There are very few crops yet to be houred. Several heavy showers fell last night and to-day, and the maize and potato crops have benefited by this timely visitation. TUMUT, January 3. During Christmas week, and for some weeks pre vious, we enjoyed remarkably pleasant weather. The days were bright and cool, and the nights almost sug gestive of frosts; now the heat has returned. Yester day the barometer indicated a coming change, land ehortly betore sundown a terrific storm passed over a portion of the district. The path of the storm was not more than three-quarters of a mile wide, and the direc tion was from north-west to south-east The wind blew with great violence within its limited area, level ling gigantic trees in its course, and there was some thunder and lightning and a little rain. At Yallowin, ontheTumut River, 32 points iell. Outside the belt of the storm there was neither wind nor rain. The total local rain tall for December last was 3*14in. ; for the year it was 3G-85in. WISEMAN'S FERRY, January 6. The heat of late has been quite tropical, not merely during one portion of the 24 hours, but lasting day and night, draining almost all moisture from the body, leaving it languid and devoid of much energy. The paddo&s; have lost the lovely green of the spring sea son, and feed is getting scarce, owing to the prolonged absence of the much-wanted showers. Tbe tanks, as a ruie, are empty, and the waterholes fast drying up ; consequently, if we do not soon get favoured with some rain, it will become a most perplexing question whence to procurarour water supply, as the river water is not fit for use now, it being hard and brackish, even at ebb tide. The melon season has well commenced. There will be a prolific crop of them this season, and a couple extra steamers will be required to carry them off as they become fit for market, it will be nothing unusual to see steamers passing, en route for Sydney, with about 700 dozen melons on board. Unfortunately, that is the time when the farmers get very small cheques for their produce, as the freight, commission, &c.;, some times bring them even in debt, so that considerable portions of the melon crop are left rotting in the field. The price at present pays handsomely, and the pro ducers are .getting as many shillings now per dozen as they will pence by and bye. The following telegrams will give a clear idea of the condition of the country in the early part of the week, and the beneficial results of the rain : — ALBURY, Jan. 1. The vines are making luxurious 'growth, and the . show of fruitis large. Oidium has attacked most of the vineyards, and sulphuring has not been practicable owing t» the windy weather prevailing. The first n»1rT' day, however, will be utilised for the purpose. During the past few days Mr. R. Helms, an officer of the Department of Agriculture, has been visiting the district for the purpose of obtaining full information with regard to the locust plague, and more especially concerning the statement recently published to the effect that in certain parts of the district the locusts have been followed by swarms of caterpillars. So far be has not obtained satisfactory evidence in support of the latter statement, and he finds that some of the reports published are exagger ated. Monday. A hot wind blew all day yesterday and all night This morning rain set in continuing at intervals all day, and completed the extinguishing of all bush fires in the district BALLINA, Saturday. Sugar sane cutting Is now ended. A fair esti mate of tiie season's yield shows that it is not more than1 an average ' one. On the lower parts of the land it Is between 30 and 40 . tons per acre. . Many farm lands are beginning to feel the effects of continuous cropping -with one crep year after year. A great number of agreements which were made by the Colonial Sugar Refining Company with f am era are expiring by the effluxion of time,and.ra&vals; are only effected on less favourable terms. . CARCOAR, Jan. 2. Movements: 6000 wethers, Karabeen, Albnry, to Errowanbang ; owners, 'Wilson and Hopkins, in charge. Shearing is' 'all but completed in tlusidistrict, the clip, on the whole, being of excellent quality and growth,' but lighter in grease . thin usual owing to tho con tfcueus winter and spring nuns. i The showers of the past . few days have been , most beneficial to the' late - bo wn erops, which now reach afair average. The maize and potato crops are looking well, and promise to be abundant. Pasture is most luxuriant. Stock of every description is healthy, and in a forward condition. COONAMBLE, Jan. 2. Twelve thousand wethers passed here from Gingie station, going to Haddon Eig, Jas. Richmond owner, J. Morrison in charge ; 4000 ewes from Calga station to Glenden station, Inverell, L. Cameron owner; a mob of fat sheep from Coonambia to Homebush, via Never tire, H. P. Blake owner, W. Welsh in charge ; 260 fat cattle from Tate's Hillboro station to Sydney, via Dubbo, W . Cameron in charge ; 300 cattle from Woole rina, Queensland, to Sydney, via. Dubbo ; 400 mixed cattie passed up Merri Merri from Tinenboro, J. Tyson owner, going south for sale. COBAR, Saturday.' A nice rain has fallen out weBt of Cobar, an inch and a half being registered in some places. The weather to-day 'is excessively hot. The thermometer is from 100* to 110* in the shade. COOLAMON, Monday, The wheat crops in this district are yieldingiairly well, the average being 16 bushels to the acre. CONDOBOLIN, Monday. Bush fires of tremendous proportions swept down in the direction of Condobolin . on Sunday, doing immense damage. Prom, particulars to hand it seems that the fire originated on Melrose station, and was caused by the carelessness of tramps. The flames - were first seen to burst forth at 6 o'clock on Friday morning, the to elrose station fire taking an easterly course, travelling at a rapid rate. After continuing in this direction for about 30 miles the wind caused it to work in a southerly direction, 60 miles north of Condobolin. By Sunday morning at 2 o'clock the flames had reached to within 20 miles of the town. The wind was .blowing a perfect gale, and the .fire travelling at the. rate of 10 miles an hour. Mr. Tout's station at Melrose Plains was swept over, the buildings being saved with difficulty. The fire then took Condobolin station, and burnt over the greater portion of. the run. ? A large amount of selection has taken place recently, and the holdings in nearly every instance were a prey to the flames. The . fire also took several Derrawang selections, travelling through the dry grass and tcrub at a rapid rate. The greatest efforts were made by burning tracks to hold the fire in check, but without avail, owing to the velocity of the wind. Nearly every able-bodied person in Con dobolin assisted the selectors, all working splendidly. The selectors' houses were saved in every instance, but fencing improvements fared badly. Havstacks rarely escaped, 140 tons being con sumed. It is feared that the loss of stock has been great. It is estimated at present that 20,000 sheep were lost. Luckily, the tremendous rate at which the flames travelled was a source of protection to many sheep, the fire seeming to sweep through them without doing much harm. It is impossible, however, to learn definitely the number lost. At _ 6 o'clock last evening the fire was within two miles of the town, and was threatening the cemetery and the hospital. The wind then changed slightly, saving the places named. At 2 o'clock this morning rain commenced to fall, bringing the fire under subjection. FORBES, Jan. 2. The following are the crossings over the common for the week ended December 25: — 225 cows, from Marsden to Bathurst, Coles Bros, owners; 13, 600 ewes, from Koola and Goolgunly to Queensland, P. Harrington owner; 7000 ewes, from May to Cano windra, P. H. Osborne owner ; 7000 mixed sheep, from Albury to Coonamble, Ditchfield Bros, owners ; 374 ewes, from Red Creek to The Oaks, Albert McKay owner. ~ Other movements : 20,452 ewes, from Tupra to Walgett, J.Tyson, sen., owner; 5509 ewes, from Canmore to Killarney, W. F'. Buchanan owner ; 300 wethers, from Mickie's Plains to Glenmore, Looney Bros, owners ; 3300 wethers, from Mickie's Plains to Darribell, Little Bros, owners ; 480 ewes, from Boga- ligene to Budderabong, J. Rogers owner. GOODOOGA, Saturday. The weather has turned very hot, 104 degrees being registered in shade to-day. , Hush fires are raging over in . Queensland en Woole* rinaand Coomburrah. It is nice and green between here and Brewarrina. Over 30in. of rain fell during last year. There were good rains during December. Tuesday. After several days of .intense heat, rain set in yester day afternoon with thunder, against a north-east wind. 1C0 points fell here, bat* from two to two and a-half inches fell at the neighbouring stations. This should ensure a good lambing, which commcnces in March or April. Stock are all fat. GUNDAGAI, Monday. Yesterday was about the hottest day we have had for many years, the -glass going up to 110* in the shade. Last night was very oppressive. About .3 ?o'clock this morning a heavy windstorm passed over, succeeded by steady rain, which continued without cessation all day. It is still raining, with every appearance of continuing. Up to 7 o'clock to-nigth the gauge registered 367 points. All the creeks are in flood. Tuesday. Yesterday's heavy rain has done much damage to the wheat crops in some parts of the district. GUNNEDAH, Monday. The proposed chilling meat works scheme is begin- ; ning to assume a definite shape. Much interest is : taken in the project. Intending selectors complain of the iiigh values placed on special areas to be thrown open for selec tion on Friday next. Drovers complain of the numerous reserves being -alienated along the. stock routes, precluding access to water. MOLONG, Tuesday. Sultry, hot weather was experienced here during the past week, Sunday being particularly hot. Last night a pleasant change took place in the way much needed. There was a downfall of rain, which continued for seven hours, 223 point8*being registered. Large bush fires have been raging all round the district daring the past week, and this splendid rain is putting all the fires under controL MOAMA, Jan. I. During the past year there crossed from Moama to Echuca 971,846 sheen, 22,313 cattle, 391 horses, and 1400 pigs. MfiNINDIE, Monday. Stock passings : 400 fat cattle from Marian Downs, Queensland, to Victoria, A. T. M'Kinnon owner; 8000 wethers, Weinteiya to Glencoe, South Australia, G. and K. Riddoch owners. NARRANDERA, Monday. Extensive bush fires broke out yesterday morning on Foroe, Widgewa, and Yarrabee Runs and Dubbo Back Station, also Midgeon. A thousand acres of grass and miles of fencing were destroyed. The wind was blow ing a hurricane all day. The fire from Midgeen Run extended to the town common and thence to the race course, burning down the fences. Through th* timely assistance oft a' number of ' townspeople the grand-stuid and Baddling paddock .were saved. The thermometer yesterday registered lid* in - the shade, falling' to 104* at night' The intensity of the heat was caused lhrough the:bush fires. - A terrific storm passedover the town to-day, with a deluge of rain, .260 points fell in one hour. The streets and shops were completely flooded. The people living on the low lands had to leave their houses through being flooded out. It is still raining, with every ap pearance --f continuing. The rain came in good time, putting the tires. out, .The total rainfall to-dav was 269noints. . y , The, following . are . the stock passings since last report 6600 : two-tooth wethers fronnA. Watson, Gunbar, .to A. and W. Watson, Gerogery, W,. G. 'Watson in oharge; 3060 fat ewes from Kerarbury to Sydney , M. F. Company, by rail from Darlington ; 4350 mixed sheep from Piney Grange to T. D. Dicker, YarranVale, Condobolin, J. Knight in charge; 5256 two-tooth ewes from North Yanco.W.' W.Popo owner, Watguina, Arm rat, Victoria, Arthur Hangin in charge ; 6000 aged ewes from Mardah to Bungendore, owner J. Chennery, F. Smith in charge ; 1456 fat wethers from Driscoll to Pitt, Son, and Badgery, per rail, , Homebush, W. O'Shea in charge; 300 rams from Kooba, Darlington, to H. Halloran, Mungundi, per rail to. Dubbo, thence road, via Coo namble and 'Walgett,. D. Halloran in charge; 1242 wethers, from Kooba to Wilkinson, Lavender, and Chapman, Homebush, per rail from Wbitton; 3700 fat ewes, from Keranbury to Sydney M. F. Company, rail, from Darlington; 401)0 two- tooth wethers, from iioree Creek to R. M'Kenzie, Victoria, via Urana, Daysdale, and Corowa, D. M'lvor in charge; 2497 mixed sheep, from Hillston to F. Toy, North Barellan, via Midgeon and Mumbled ool, owner in charge. QUE ANBE X AN, Tuesday. Sunday was the hottest day we have had this season. The heat was 97deg. in the shade. The wind blew with great violence in tho night, and stripped several fruit gardens around the town. Rain began to fall at 4 a.m. on Monday, and continued all day. The streets were flooded. Eighty-two points felL To-day is fine, but somewhat cloudy. TUMUT, Tuesday. . The rain has ceased, and it is now fine and cool. 286 points were recorded this morning, making the total for the 24 hours 436 points. During 2£ hours yesterday afternoon 121 points fell. The river is in full flood, and is still rising'. The flats around the town are a sea of water. There is no direct communication with Gundagai to-day. ' The mail left early via Adelong. Graziers and farmers in the uplands are jubilant at the rain, but numerous cropB on the low lands will be seriously injured should the flood rise much higher. ' WILCANNIA, Monday. Yesterday was one of the worst days experienced here for some considerable time past. The ther mometer stood at 110 degrees in the shade. Hot winds, accompanied with heavy dust storms, continued. Towards the evening the atmosphere became terribly close and oppressive, and it was not until early this morning that a change occurred in the shape ef light rains, 44 points having been registered up to 9 o'clock. It has been raining very heavily at intervals since, and appears to be general Tuesday. Ninety- three points of rain fell here yesterday. The weather now seems to have cleared up. Further re ports reoeived to-day. are as fellow: — Walleend, 42 points ; Cunnamulla, 252 ; river rising fast ; Bre warrina, 27 ; Adavale, 32, and river rising fast; Charleville, 110; Bourke, 156; Louth, 115; Tilpa, 214\. The river rose lft. from local rains. Booligal, 33; Milparinka, 48 ; Tibooburra, 46 ; Cobar, 140 ; Wanaar ing, 114. WAGGA, Monday. The following local stock passings and movements were reported to the Wagga stock inspector fer the week:— 12,120 wethers, William John Blake owner, from Illilliaand Merungelto Roping Ponds Estate, Sandy Creek, via Narrandera, William Cominis in charge ; 9000 wethers, George Patterson 'Wilson owner, from Toganmain to Big Springs station, John Tilden in charge; 14,500 wethers, Mackay and Copland owners, from Tupra to Pomingarlarna Station, near Wagga via Narrandera, Leslie Ritchie in charge ; 1615 head bullocks, Amos, Bros., and Broad owners, from Padow, Forbes, to Albury via Marsden, Morangarell, Wagga, Tibbett Bros, in oharge; 1461 head bullocks, Power Bros, owners, from Coolullah, Queensland, to Albury via Marsden, Morplangarar, Wagga, Frederick Power in charge; 46 head horses, James Tyson owner, from Albury to Barringan via Forbes, George Piper in charge. Tuesday. The rainfall at Tutftbarumba for the past 12 months amounted to' nearly 50 inches. The average fall fer the last six years there is 43 inchiBS 7 o points. The fall at Humula last year amounted to over 35 inches, and at Kyamba nearly 40 inches. The weather is ceol and fine here to-day ; 87 points of riun were leoorded in town at 9 o'clock this morning. On Sunday the thermometer registered 112 in the shade. The following morning over two inches fell within 12 hours. WALGETT, Monday. The following are the stock passings: 287 mixed cattle, from Charlton (Q.) to Dub do, via Walgett and Coonamble, Thomas Fitzgerald owner ; 2000 ewes, from Eurie Eurieio Homebush, via Walgett aad Rybtone, W. C. Falconer drover, E. J. Glass owner ; 3560 ewes, from B re won to Ulah; 3037 mixed hoggets, from : Milrea to Ulah ; 5000 young wethers, P. C. Campbell, from Bourooma to Inverell, pas Bed Collarendabri early last week, travelling up,Mehi to Motee. YOUNG, Monday. Yesterday will be remembered aBoneof the hottest and most disagreeable days experienced in the district for years past. It was 'preceded by several days mf unusual warmth, Frsm early on Sunday morning the heat was intolerable. The unpleasantness was intensified by a scorching hot wind. At midday the thermometer at the post-office recorded 102* in the shade, and in several places in the town the register was much higher. Bush fires were seen in all directions, the smokejrar tially obscuring the sun. Particulars are not yet to hand, but heavy fires are reported from Lake Cowal, Pinnacle, and Berthong. Shortly after midnight rain fell, continuing steadily up to 9 this morning, when 75 points were registered. It has been raining heavily all day, with indications of a continuance. At least an inch has been added. The weather is still very sultry. Should the rain continue the farmers are apprehensive that the wheat in stack will start a second growth. The yield of wheat is very uneven. In some small patches returns give from 20 to 30 bushels, but the average of the district is not expected to exceed 12 or 13 bushels. Present quotations are 3s 2d to 3s 3£d per bushel. 