THE QUEENSLAND SHEARING TROUBLE. Clermont, Monday. II JVP.MENT3 OF UNIONISTS. About '20 mounted unionists returned fiom Capella and Sandy Creek camps this evening. Those who returned yesterday set fire to the grass in front of the head station at L&ugton;, within full view of one of the managing partners. Delegate Taylor, at Emerald, to night collected subscriptions in aid of the strike fund. Heavy rain set iu this afternoon, still continuing, which will effectually block shearing for this rest of the week. RocKHAMFTOtr, Monday, MORE TROOrS FOR TI1E FRO.VT. Additions arc now being made daily to the troops stationed in the west; by the steamer Wooonga, which arrived early this morning, there came six members of the Brisbane ambulance corpB, nud.by the Iturwah, due early to-morrow morning, 20 • members are expected. To-day Colonel Armytagu called out " B " Company of the defence force. The Mount Morgan Company responded promptly to the call, aud in all there are 42 men who will go to the front. A branch of.the •tores department of t|iu defence force has been opened at Rockhainpton. THE RAILWAY EMPLOYEES AND THE UNIONISTS, It Is understood that at a meeting of the Kockbainpton branch of the Railway Employees As. aociation on Saturday evening, at which i cfeicnce was. made to the notice recently given by the Railway Commissioners warning railway servants that anyone showing sympathy, directly or indirectly with the man on strike should bo prepared for instant dismissal, immediately ou issue of the notice, a wire wjs sent to the general council of association in Brisbane, asking for an explanation as the men could not understand whether it waB only meant that they should uot publicly exhibit sympathy for the unionists, or whether, while debarring them from an open expression <'f opinion, it also prohibited them assisting the strikers financially and as individuals. The reply of tho council amounted, it is said 6imply to a promise to make inquiries. As to the recent ruir.our at Barcaldiue that the railway employees intended to strike in a body at the end of the week if the men dismissed wore not reinstated, the greatest secrecy is preserved; but it is understood that cominunications are paeBing between tho officers of the local branch of the genernl council of the as- Eeciation and the branches in the west. Baroalvine, Monday. THF EFFECTS OF THE RAIN. This morning broke dull and cloudy, and towards noon light rain commenced to fall, and it has continued since. This change in the weather is important at this juncture, as it will probably prevent some movements of the troops ; but on the other band all the bush- fires in this vicinity have now been put out, and none are possible for somo little time. A report having been circulated that the free labourers working at Coreena station would be forcibly withdrawn to-day, a patrol of five mounted infantry, under Lieutcnaut Reid, left for there this morning, and if all is well tlicy will return to-morrow. A strong patrol of thi Mackay mounted infantry, under Lieutenant Joseph, is to start to-morrow morning for Muttaburra a distance of 83 miles, and it is hoped that they will be able to reach there by Wednesday night. A dctnchmcut of infantry was also to leave'by coach for Mnttaliurra at the same time, but it it feared the raiii will have made tho roads imputable for wheeled traffic; this detachment, however, will leave at the earliest possible moment. MILITARY TOUTS. Isisford.and Muttaburra are to be formed into detached military posts. The infantry will patrol the towns, leaving the mounted infantry free t* patrol the surrounding country. The movements of bodies of infantry are fouud to be a very serious difficulty in this district. The distances are so great that, independent of the climate, marching is out of the question, and the coaches are at tho mercy of the weather. . Half an .inch of rain ou black soil sticks them up. To meet this it Is proposed to mount all the infantry inen who can ride, and drill them here in simple movements. I'leuty of horses, but no saddlery. Often difficulty is to -find saddles and bridlee; but horses in abuudancs are at the service of the authorities. A large number of infantry in camp are competent horsemen, and are willing to engage in mounted work, but they are prevented by lack of saddlery. If-there had been saddles and bridles in camp, the infantry told off for Muttaburra would have started on horseback to-morrow instead of remaining here till the couch can travel. Including t|je Mount Morgan men now on the way, and the men at Isistord, there are now 250' soldiers in this district, and reinforcemnets are expected to-day. All the unionists were to come our, but beyond a larger number of unionists than common in the etrects, there was no change observable. It will State the men iu the outside stations some days to reach the camp; and opinions are divided as to the number that will come in here. The camps at Winton, Muttaburra, Isieford, and other townships : «ttll no doubt prove stopping-places for many, . BLOCKING TUB TRANSIT OF GOODS. Certain carriers met with disagreeable surprises this morning.' It had been understood that loading would be permitted to-day, and there was a 'large quantity of the goods at the railway waiting to go forward. The Strike Committee, however, intimate^ tbat they would not allow any fresh teainB, to be loaded to-day. Uuring the lust few weeks large quantities of goodB have beeu •-forwardedjiand .thero are enough eupplies now in' the interior to last three mouths. Loading is still: permitted 'to "storekeepers who give a .guarantee they will not supply squatters or Chinamen; but; this "provision so far is a doad letter, as no stcrekeeper Jisagiveufuch a guarantee yet, aud many iiave declared thait'they will not give it. „ i ' STRIKE EXEMPTIONS, —it wilUjeremembered,that a number of holders o"f gracing farms fflndlothets who always employed . nnionisVprotestea againet their men being with -drawn, and the - Strike Committee have now Jntimated tbat 4 jolu't meeting of committees ot nninn. tosether^vitb the Strike committee will i>o beM 06 taWrday. to consider all applications for exemption jrbioh may be sent in. Exemption i&illbe; .OTsnted only to those • who apply in writ- Trill be : considered Bcparately.— if it — — — • < I: .-•-" ' ' . ^S&QDBTt;^VBB $asn rm Eight D&rs;,—A little 3bov«Mned%b(!l) '-S°sti on: Sunday, the ^••'hBnSttWtfrt'm near German;on,wiis recovered JjSSuf jMtfc engaged; Irani ^ji^%be oWia Seemed ithi n, but - was othero t k n c h % ^seWss fotiiid fiOariileB jfrom -borne «nd jtaid DB«n£ii$»»r<& pf * 110 4x>y ail w week, aod 