[?] . -Ii' the secretary of the Pastoralist9* Union does ; not wish the ' bushfire on our neighbours' pro ;? perty' to spread to our own, he should reoom niend his council to follow the esample of the ' pastoraliBts of South Australia and meat the shearers in open conference. What Mr. King has declared to be impossible, or at any rate useless, here — viz., to hold a conference without all fche points to be conferred about being settled beforehand — has been found not only quite possible ia that colony, bat apparently satisfactory to both sides. What was done in Adelaide 'wa3 for representatives of bo'ch unions to meet, and after friendly discus sion in a spirit of compromise, to arrive at a mutual agreement. What has been done here is for the one union to draw up on their own account . an uncompromising agreement, and present ifc, so ; to speak, at the sword'a point, to the other. It in ,?'. in vain that the former course has been pressed »' upon the Pastoralists' Union here, not only by 0 ;ithe Bh.earei'3, bat from other quarters. The 0 7 auswer has always beca 'Wo; first formulate h your (the shearers') own demands, and in one ''most important respect, freedom of contract, .'-concede oara and we wilL meet you (it might bj {?added) to refnae the one and accept the other.' '' '? Now it is noticeable that in the South Australian ;-! case not only v;ero thera no preliminary condi Ji ? tions insisted upon by either side., but at tho oon ^?-' ference itself there Beams to have been a tacit consent on both eidea.to let such vexed queotions as the principles of unionism and freedom of con- tract take care of themselves. Nevertheless, we are told that not only was a satisfactory settle ment arrived at, bufc that ' so pleased were boih parties with each other that they suspended the negofciationo for a short t'.ms to exchange com pliments, and again at the close of fche conference similar expressions of mutual appreciation and good will were reiterated.' Compare this happy state of things with fche position of sheorero and sheepowuero in Queensland fco~day, and then say, should a similar cmia ariFc here nest shear ing season, with which aido will rest mainly the responsibility. t— ? — ; ? ~ - -'?' ?? ? ? — i ' '..''? — .==r^: ? rz^_ : ? ? z. ? h^zll^, ? . ? 1 