TRARALGON CREAMERY AND BUTTER FACTORY.—At the adjourned half-yearly meeting, held yesterday, the following gentlemen were elected directors, viz., Messrs Walker, Barnes, Cochrane, Whit- takers, H. Dunbar, Henry and Marriage. The first five gentlemen were re-elected, while the last two take the place of Messrs. J. Peterkin and E. Maxfield, who declined being nominated. The factory bids fair to be a grand success, and if dairymen will only endeavor to keep up the supply of milk, the company will be able to participate in the bonus allotted by Parliament. ELECTORAL REVISION COURT.—This court was held on Wednesday morning, before Mr. E. C. Bell. The Registrar presented the ratepayers and general lists for the Traralgon and Loy Yang divisions of the Electoral District of Gippsland South. There were no altera- tions required, and the lists as presented were revised and became the electoral rolls for the above districts during 1890-91. LECTURE.—Lat evening Mr. D. A. Cnrchton, the Government Agricultural Expert, delivered a very interesting lecture in the Mechanics' Institute, under the auspices of the local Agricultural Society, on fruit and vine culture. The lecturer had specimens of the various sorts of apples and pears upon which he lectured placed before him on the plat form, and this greatly added to the nterest of all present. A report of the ecture will appear in our next issue. THE, DIAMOND DRILL.—The manager of the diamond drill reports that the bore is now down a depth of 250 feet, still in drift. I?PROVEat?r-rTS.-Messrs. Balderson Bros. have let a centract to Mr. C. Stead man for the erection of a new shed and work-room at their tannery, and the don tractor is busy carrying out the necessary improvements. Pio STEaLINGo.-A man named Sheen was arrested by Constable Cox, of Hey field, at Glenumaggie yesterday, on a charge of stealing pigs off the propeirty of Mr. Riggall. The accused was remanded to appear at Heyfield. CONCERT.-The sub-committee ap pointed to arrange for a concert to be held on race night, in aid of the Traralgon Racing Club, met at the Club Hotel on Wednesday evening. Mr. J. M'Lean occupied the chair and a good programme was arranged. AGRICULTURAL SHow.-The Morwell, Narracan, and Mirboo A. and P. Society announce that their fifth annual show will be held on the ground on Thursday, March 19th. Entries, we hear, are coming in very well and the committee anticipate that the show this year will he successful in every way. A liberal prize-list, amount ing to £450, has been drawn up, and inall sections the. prizes are well worthy of competition. All entries for the show close on Saturday, March 14th. A NICE STATE OF AFFAIRS.-A telegram from Sydney states that the manager of the Co-operative Colliery Company dis charged a "wheeler" for carelessness, when all other wheelers and drivers struck out of sympathy, throwing the pit and 400 men out of work. If this sort of thing continues, no employer will be able to carry on business, as it is absurd to think he cannot discharge a man with out his business being ruined. A McEAw THErc.-Robert Reeves, who was respectably dressed, was convicted at the St Kilda police court on Tuesday of stealing various articles from DIrs. Carter's dwelling. He took lodgings with the lady in question, whose husband was ill in the hospital, and who was compelled to earna living for her family by taking in lodgers. The prisoner a few Sundays ago promised to look after the house and light the fire for tea while Mrs. Carter went to the hos pital to see her husband. Instead of ful filling his promise Reeves ransacked the house, and took away several articles of wearing apparel, and a purse containing 50s. He was wearing some of the stolen goods when arrested. ThoBench told him he was a mean fellow to steal the poor woman's money when she was endeavor ing to make a living, and sentenced Reeves to 12 months' imprisonment. PUBLICATIONS.-We have received a copy of the "Age" annual, for 1891, being the seventeenth issue of this handy volume. It contains the usual variety of useful, political and statistical information com piled to the latest dates, together with the number of bills introduced into the Legis lative Council and Assembly during last session, and the number passed. A brief history is also given of the steps taken to wards the accomplishment of the federa tion of Australasia; summaries of the Fro gress reports presented by the Royal Com missions on charitable Institutions and Victorian coal, and a vast quantity of in formation which will be found of general interest. The publication is fully equal to those which have preceded it. ?nou~.aINr SrmvGa BREWING COMPANY. \--n another, column will be found the prospectus of the Mountain Spring Brew ing, rrated water and cordial manufac facturing company, limited. WValhalla, which is being floated for the purpose of purchasing the good-will, freehold pro perties, machinery plant etc., of the brewery already established in Walhalla. The plant is a most complete one, and there is an ever-flowing spring of water, which, for brewing purposes can hardly be surpassed. The company is to consist of 10,000 shares of £I each, 2s payable on application and 4s on allotment, the balance to be called up, if required, by calls of Is per month, so that it affords a splendid opportunity for those desirous of investing in what is likely to prove a most remunerative business. Brewing com panies, as a rule, pay well, and as all the local publicans as well as many in the surrounding district, have taken up the project warmly, and invested largely, the success of the company should be assured. Intending shareholders had better make early application for shares, as we have been informed that they are going off rapidly, and that the number available to the public is limited. Mr. Thos.. O. Reynolds is the broker for the company, and application forms can be obtained at the office of DMr. A. W. Pace, solicitor, Traralgon. IAFPFRa AGRICULTURAL SoCITrY.-The fourth annual meeting of this society is announced to be held on the 12th and 13th March, and a very liberal programme has been drawn up.: Altogether about £500 will be awarded in prizes, and as there are .classes for draught stock, thoroughbreds, hackneys,'hunters, buggy horses, $e., cattle, .sheep, pigs, poultry, dogs, -grain, vegetables, fruits, flowers, preserves, fancy work, art, machinery, waggons and saddlery, almost every one has an opportunity of being exhibitors, and we trust that Traralgon will be largely represented at the show.. It is only right that districts in close proximity should endeavour to support each other, and in a spirit of emulation, try to beateachI other's exhibits. The train arrangements are not yet complete, hut we obscrvd that a special train will leave Traralgon at 0.10 a.m. on the 12th March, returning about 6 p.m. same evening. This will afford residents around this district an oppor tnnity of visiting the show, and returning the same day should they desire. We need only add that the secretary, Mr. R. N. Horkes, together with the committee, have made all arrangements for the com fort of those attending the show, and we hope to see a large gathering. CURE yeO TsrPHOID.-The discovery of a cure for both typhoid and diFtheria is claimed to have been made by Dr. O'Hara, of Collins-street, 'after experiment with M. dileBavay, thd bacteriologist. Durino an operation on a .patient Dr. O'Hara was struck by the antiseptic qualities of a flow of chyle from the thoracic duct, aid following up his observations he. induced SL de Bavay to experiment with this organ ism with a view to discover whether it was antagonistic to typhoid germs. This fact having been proved by experiment, the new bacillus was afterwards administered to patients suffering from both typhoidand diptheria, in each case, Dr. Ol'Hara claims, with wonderful effect. It is stated (says the " Argus ") that the remedy can be pro duced cheaply, and in unlimited quantities, and further experiments with it as a germ destroyer are now in progress. - THE CLIFTON lILL TRAGEDY.-The trial of John Wilson for the wilful murder of Stella Leah Marks by cutting her throat with a razor in Darling-gardens, Clifton Hill, on the night of Sunday, 25th January, was concluded on Wednesday at the Supreme Court criminal sittings, before ir. Justice Molesworth, and resulted in a verdict of guilty. His Honour, in sum ruing up. said thie jury were asked by the defence to say that the prisoner was suddenly seized with insanity, during which he murdered this girl, and that the insanity ipassed away immediately after wards. It was admitted on all hands that tie prisoner was now perfectly saine, and if every person who cut the throat of a woman with whom he had a difference, or of whom hlie was jealous, were to get offon the ground that thie mnre fact of commlt tinrg the crimne ii ved him a madman, a dangerous doctrilne wouhl get abroad. His Hoiourr, ir passing sentenced of death, s?aid thalt thie jury could not honestly have come to roy other decision than that at which they had arrived. The prisoner's demeanour was quite calm, as it had been throughout the trial. ErrrenARTAIiEN. - A panoramic and mnsicial entertainment is announced to be given in the Temperance Hall, on Wednes day evening next, by Messrs. Gunn and Bowen of Melbourne. THE NARBETHOsG TRAGEDY. - The latest inquiries of the police and detectives engaged in the Narbothong murder cases have resulted in suspicions being directed against a resident of the neighborhood, who is known to have had money trans action with Davis and to have borno some ill-feeling towards him. The police on Wednesday were informed by a resident of Burxton who was friendly with Davis, that the latter, only a few weeks before his death, spoke of the person on whom suspicion now rests, and expressed a belief that he wo'uld some day be mur dered by him. The affair is being closely investigated by the detectives, who, it is understood, are contemplating an arrest. The missing carpenter, Colscon, whose box of tools Davis engaged to convey from Narbethong to Healesville, and who mysteriously disappeared on the day the murders were discovered, has not yet been found nor has anything been heard of him since he left Marysville on Saturday after noon. Colston (says the "Age"), does not seem to be much suspected of any connection with the case, and those who are best acquainted with him say be is a quiet and most inoffensive man. Still the detectives are much puzzled over his absence and are determined, if possible, to find him. A GOOD sTonY.-The following story, told by the Melbourne correspondent of the "Ararat Advertiser," is so good that we need not apologise for re-producing it :-You are aware that it is the practice of our Government in out-lying districts -where there is not sufficient need for mail facilities to make necessary the establishing of a regular post-office-to allow to the local storekeeperasmall sum, varying from £5 to £20 per annum, for attending to the postal business necessary and despatching the mail bags, selling stamps, issuing postal notes and so forth. One day the coach drew up at the door of one of thesebush post-officesand the driver threw down the mail bag to the store pro prietor, who, seeing that, as usual, there wereanumber of expectant letter recipients lounging around hanging on to their pipes, went inside and procured an empty gin case which he pushed out on to the verandah. Cutting the string of the mail bag he emptied the contents into the gin case with the remark, "There you are, boys; pick 'em out for yourselves." This pro ceeding greatly interested a respectable looking individual on the box seat, who. dismounting and approaching the "post master," enquired, "Is that the way you conduct the postal business in X 1" " What's that to yon?"' said the store keeping postmaster. "Who are you, I'd like to know t" "I am the district in spector of the Victorian Postal Depart ment," was the reply. "Well, if you are," said the disdainful storekeeping post master, "you just clear out of this and take your - post-office with you." And emphasising the remark he cave the gin case with its contained mail 'a vigor ous kick in the direction of the official, landing it in the muddy road. Brightwell and Son are showing some new suites from £6.-ADvT. Discount Sale now on at Adams and Maxwell's, Traralgon. See advertisement. -[AnT.] John Thomas Phelan, convicted of the murder of Ada Charlotte Hatton, was sentenced to death by His Honor Judge Molesworth. A well-known solicitor in Seymour, Mr. R. G. Fuller, an excpedingly popular man, has committed suicide by shooting him self. A terrible catastrophe has occurred at the Springhill Colliery inNovaScotia. An explosion took place in the workings, kill ing 156 of the miners who were below ground at the time. Mrs. Napier, of the Ben Venue Ladies' School, has engaged a competent resident Governess from Melbourne, and has now vacancies for a few senior pupils. Terms on application.--[ADvT]. At a public meeting held in Hamilton on Wednesday night, £200 was subscribed in the' room to assist those persons who had suffered by the bush-fire on Grange Creek. It was also decided to canvass the district' for donations, in aid of the sufferers. An interesting young lady, bearing the somewhat lengthy name of Jemima Ann Eliza Dixon, was awarded £100 damages, and costs, for breach of promise of mar riage, at the Hillston District Court on Tuesday. George Thomas Joshua Grace was the defendant. The booths in connection with 'the Morwell Agricultural Society's Show were sold by public auction on Monday and realized as follows :-M-r. W. Robinson, publican's booth, £25 Os; luncheon booth, "Mr. 'T.' Wolfe, £9 15s; Mr. C. Easton, fruit stall, £410s. A fatal fire occurred on Tuesday morn- ing at the Chinese Camp, Sandhurst. A hut occupied by a rag and bone gatherer, named Li Lin, was destroyed by fire at about 3 o'clock. The charred remains of Li Lin's body were found in the ruins. It is not known how the fire was caused. A warrant has been issued at the in stance of the directors of the Cape Otway Proprietary Mining Cormpany, Limited, for the arrest of the missing man Pound. The accused is charged with the larceny of a quantity of platinum, valued at £6000, the property of the above-named company. There was only one case set down for hearing at the Bairnsdale assize court, that of an old man named M'Kewan, charged with stealing a watch from Henry Smith on New Year's Day, at Bairnsdale.. M'Kewan was found guilty, and sentenced to four montlis' imprison ment with hard labour. \- The Mo and Coalville mines, which came to a standstill last Thursday owing to the local stationmaster only allowing one truck per day to either mine, have again stairted all hands. The order to supply only one truck was certainly re ceived by the stationmaster, but it now appears that it was sent in error, and has been cancelled. A fatal fire occurred at Tallandoon last week. 'Mrs. Smith, wife of a farmer, went out to yard some calves, leaving two twin children, about nine months' old asleep in the house.: She returned in about twenty minutes only to find the house in flames, and she unable to enter. The charred re mains of the infants were found in the debris. How thle fire 'originated' remains a mystery. 'A telegram from Walhalla says :-On Sunday night Mr. Tricks. legal manager, returned from,the Loch Fyne mine. Mat lock, with 215 oz. of reaorted gold crushed from 300 tonsof stone.' There is a great improvement in the appearance of:the mine. Cohen's Extended Company have struck a reef in the north drive 5soft. below the level, which shows very good gold in the solid stone. A crushing plant is shortly to be erected on the mine. Robert Bell, a resident of' Natimuk, reported to the police that he had. been robbed of £185 and a watch and chain. He states that while walking along Eliza beth-street he was accosted by three, woe men, one of whom took off his hat and ran up a right-of-way with it' Bell' fol: lowed, and during the struggle for the' hat says he was robbed. There is a good haul for somebody, as it is not likely he will ever recover the money. Oswald Keatinge, otherwise known as Dr. Keatinge, has just been sentenced to five years' penal servitude for criminally assaulting Mary Ann Brown, aged 12 years and ten mollnths. Thie jury expressed indignation with Mr. A. G. Taylor, M.L.A., to whom the girl was servant, and at whose house tlhe offence was com mitted, for having suppressed the matter for two months until a rupture took place between Keatiuge and himself. 