BLACKHEATH. (A Il<niA<\bnvt P/tter by J>inyr»zf) On the 8th of June last the farce of polling for the election of nine gentlemen tv act a# o progress com mittee was gone through. The tinnir of thb icleirt wore duly announced, end that Room# to be the last of the matter. The public would like to know- for certain whether there will be W13' meeting of the committee. A whole month lift# been wasted in stead or making sonic move for the benefit of the place ; but from appearances the place will be & lot better without cuch & committee as the cxistiug body of gcntJomen. (Steady, Diog. — Ed. The Rifle Reserves ajijjear to 4>c in about the same state of usclessncss, but ab the late secretary either eloped or chafed, or Iftrth, proWbly he may have foigot <0 leave the rifles and ammunition, or 1 inadvertently packed the target in his gladatone; ond falling the secretary, the gallant captain aught to l»c well to the fore with hi# valiaul Land — but ln#t dn -the field and the firat nutta more like it- ; But joking aside, the Blucklmatli Rifle Reserve I# the tuoFt neglcctcl and bchuul band in every way, 10 fnct, judging from it past career the policy seems to be — keep qtoiet and don't let any body know there ftic as fine a lot of men ns ever shouldered n Fiflc at the "Heath, and some good shots too. Now men, l»c men, insist on being treated as men, and recollect if one leader stub bornly keeps you In the background it is in your power to place a gentleman at your head who will advance the interests of the Reserve. A# there ta likely to be n meeting shorty wc riinll watcli for the man that will bell the cat I Trades unions w ill find no ground here to take root in. 3-lvery man — well, I was gning to write ' builds " hut "puts" tip his own chimney is more correct. R.'iLcra, buggy-builders, and others do bricklaying, yet thrrcare two resident tradesmen in that line. Wc have cfinxntcra walking about whilst person# of no Trade nt all slop together timber and call it building ! Now the baker want everyone to patronise, him, but when things are slack he totally ignores tradesmen and does building work himself. The brotherhood of the T.O.G.T. is on the one hand ngaint beer and whisky on the other. The vii-,uc of doing unto your neighbor ah yon would have him do to you is not one 0! the maxims of tbeir everyday life. A £13,000 property mIc rejMirlcd some time ago lift fallen through, but there is la grippe on the deposit. Some energetic men hare nrmnged to run the sawmill, if the boiler stands the pressure. It is ju#t on the card# that there will be on , intercj-ting Law cnae started hy an cntcqirising fencer. The subject matter fur their worship# te decide will be a Hog nnd n cat, both dcccaseil. The Mtit will be carried on by the late dog'# best sur- 1 viving friend. If any more of the railway fence get# destroyed during the next bushfire season probably the Com- rtiiiont-r> will deem it their intcresl# to have it all thoroughly repaired. How can owner keep tlieir horse and cattle off the line when uo fence exist# for ixkIs. Will our visiting peace officer keep hi# eye ou user- of catapult# I Some lamps, window#, kc.. have lately suffered through I h;it little innocent toy. l'ustiibly sorue eye# may Ix: damaged before lung. A Sydney friend related an n fwet that when the only " Sam h " arrived nt her hotel after leaving the ship she ordered a champagne bath, which tva# July pruvi.leil, taking 50 bottle uf the sparkling wine to fill it. When the tmth wa# done with the servant rushed up and bottlul the prceioun flz #0 up tu k\vc a wilful w,ite, but it look 52 boltlcn to put if in I Vet they drank it all tlie Game. Frotls and ice the first two mornings of the week followed by beautiful fine days. The u pig-proof fence" aroutul the" military cemetery is finifhed. It appear to be a credit to the putlerup. Our juveniles are jubilant. A freh teacher en'l Iu eanc, bIk) alx)ut 20 more attendants who had abstained from school to avoid tlie iucviUblo cut#. I saw somewhere in some other print last week that our rcIiooMiuubc wkr a neatly built structure of "brick#." Ab a matter of fact there is not a brick In it excepting the chimneys. It's wood, sir, wool, ami nothing else. Christmas time cauuot excuse such an error a# that. 