THE debate on the bill for creating a Committee of Public Accounts is not likely to traverse the principle of the measure, as the desirability of a com- mittee is, as Mr Wrixon said, admitted all round. The debatable point is, whether Mr Shiels’ scheme is the best for adoption here. In it be has taken a medium between the practice in Prance and that in Great Britain. In the former there are three com mittees of public accounts, which are invested with very . wide func tions, and have much larger control than is, in Mr Shiels’ opinion, called for here. In. the British system, which is apparently favored by the Audit Commissioners, a committee is appointed session by session, its duty being to follow the Audit Commis sioners and check their work. This is held to he insufficient for our require ments, and Mr Shiels proposes to appoint a committee of seven at the commencement of every Parliament, its term of office to correspond with the duration of the House which ap pointed it. This committee is to have power to enquire into all matters con nected with the public finances, and to report to the Legislative Assembly from time to time; the committee to have power to see all heads of departments and officers in the public service, including the Railway Department, and to get documents and papers that might be required. The reasons assigned for departure from British precedent are two-fold. It is held that under it there is no Committee of Public Accounts at the the time when it is most wanted and would have most to do, that is during recess. Further, it is reasonably con tended that something more is needed than a mere revise of the Audit Com missioner’s figures. The scope of the proposed committee would be much wider than this, as it would have cog nisance of proposed as well as accom plished expenditure. It is to he em powered to move from place to place, to summon the attendance of persons who might be required, and to; take evidence on oath if necessary. The objectors to the bill took various grounds, but the chief one was that the Assembly, by inviting the con currence of the Upper House, in a measure having for its object the re gulation of expenditure, was surren dering a part of its prescriptive right to a control of the public purse. It is somewhat surprising to find it argued that the proposed committee would withdraw from the Government the responsibility for its own financial proposals, and of standing or falling by them. Yet such was the pica advanced by the ex-Premier and others. No one would seriously make a proposition so utterly subversive of the principles of repre sentative Government. Yet there is, throughout the community, a rooted belief that the time has come for a thorough revision of our modes of spending money and keeping, our national books. It is believed that untold mischief has arisen from the fact that the true state of the public accounts is never fairly and intel ligibly exposed, that members of Par liament do not understand the balance sheets because they are, needlessly if not purposely, rendered complex and obscure. A public accounts committee with full powers, as proposed, should at least throw more light on the details and general ad visability of our expenditure, and with light comes knowledge, and the power to rectify mistakes or check extra vagances. It is in this view that the proposed committee should be re garded, and it is the one taken, we believe, by a largo majority in the Assembly. It is easy enough to raise the cry that the privileges of the popular House are in danger, and to repro duce a little of that indignant de termination to conserve them, which has, at times, been so con spicuous in years, gone by. But the public have long begun to suspect that those who raise this ; political cry of “ wolf ” do it, as;often as not, in furtherance of ulterior and■; very different'designs- of their 1 own. We have long , passed y the period at which any real encroachment on the rights of the people and the people’s representatives ceased to be possible. Therefore, to pretend that .the As sembly prejudices its rights by asking the Council’s concurrence in a bill designed to prevent undue, not to say fraudulent demands upon the Treasury, is something worse than wasting time. Instead. of making so much bogus talk about privilege, hon. members would do well to bend their, energies (being at pre sent in a working humor) to the work of making the bill as perfect as pos sible. ' The need for better supervision cannot be denied, . and it is no doubt ■true, as Mr G. D. Carter said, that lion, members getting entangled in a mass of statements about -“coups” and “ recoups,” usually gave up in despair the effort to understand them and took them on trust. If the Public Accounts Committee does nothing more than place our grievances before the country in a clear and intelligible form, it will thoroughly Justify the sagacity of its promoters. Mu Cosmo Newbery reports some further results of his mission with re spect to auriferous tailings and brown coal. He has not > yet obtained any conclusive tests of Madame Berry sludge, as to the value of which much curiosity has existed, but the experi ments with Bendigo tailings must be regarded as highly satisfactory and in dicative of anew and profitable field for mining enterprise. The tailings average about 3 dwt, hut when con centrated, at a cost of-6d per ton, they represented 5 oz stuff Mr Newbery recognises that the cost of treatment in the colony would be much higher than in Germany, but assuming the cost to be half-a-crown per ton, and the value of the gold saved 12s, the margin is a very tempting one. At all events, the ascertained results are so good as to fully justify a practical trial of the Ldhkig process on a large scale here or at Bendigo. About our brown coal the report is not quite so good as might have been wished. The samples from Lai Lai, Yarragon,and Narracan worked up into excellent briquettes, betterones, in fact, than those made from German material, of which 2£ millions of tons are sold yearly for domestic purposes. The promoters of our brown coal industry always hoped that the material could be converted into steaming fuel for locomotives or stationary engines. In such a case the demand would have been unlimited. Mr Newbery, how ever, states that although the briquettes are excellent for household purposes they do not find‘favor for steam boilers.' The steaming value of the briquettes is only about two-thirds that of good black coal, and Mr Newbery calculates that they could not be produced here for less than ISs per ton, which is over the price paid by the railways for Newcastle coal. Of course, it is better to know the truth, even at the cost of surrendering cherished anticipations of national wealth. That the great deposits of brown coal in Gippsland and elsewhere will be eventually made of commercial use and value is not to be doubted; and in the meanwhile we must take comfort in the fact that we have apparently before us anew and most profitable industry in the re duction and treatment of auriferous tailings. No reasonable objection can be taken to Mr Cothbert’s proposal, while the Railway Bill is under consideration, to examine the Commissioners at the bar of the House. Much has been made of the fact that Mr Speigut, although pretty roughly attacked inside the As sembly as well as outside, has never had an opportunity of stating his own case. If he be called to give evidence at the bar of the Council this oppor tunity will be found, and doubtless made very good use of. We are not assuming, of course, that there is any sinister or hostile purpose in Mr Cothbert’s intimation. The bill is an essential part of the programme of the Government. It has been accepted by an overwhelming majority in the popular Chamber, as well as by the bulk of the people of the colony. Under the circumstances, the Council cannot fairly attempt to in any way materially alter the character of the bill. Just now, when railway manage ment is so much in question, attention may profitably be given to the report of the South Australian Railway Com missioners for ’ the quarter ended 30th September. For that period the earnings were £296,567, and the work ing charges £155, 606, showing a net balance of £140,961. Even the Pine Creek line, which runs southward from Port Darwin, shows a profit for the quarter of £777. These results are the more noteworthy because, as we have previously pointed out, there is but light traffic over a large portion of her railway system. They run fewer trains, have fewer and less costly way side stations, and there is a consistent regard for economy all through. The result is as we see, and suggests the wish that the Victorian lines were worked in a similar way. In the Assembly last night a di-b>te oc curred on the question of 7 allowing members of the police force three weeks holiday in each year. The motion was negatived,• The Miners’ Rights Title Bill was token excep tion to by Mr Outtrim as to clauses two, three, and four, and he moved now clauses to replace them. Mr Richardson demurred at length in the interests of holders of miners’ rights in Ballarat and elsewhere, contending that the effect of the Minister’s new clauses would be to over-ride the bylaws. Eventu ally clauses two and four were agreed to with amendments, and clause three with drawn. The bill, with some amendments proposed by Mr outtrim, was passed through all its stages, and the House proceeded to consider the propriety of granting a sum of £5OO to the family of the late Mr O. P. Whbelaw, Government surveyor, who was drowned some time since at Walhalla. This was agreed so by 27 votes to 21, and the House went into committee on the Licensing Act Amendment Bill. A largely- attended meeting of depositors in the City of Melbourne Building Society was held last night at the Mining Exchange Ball, when £23.581 out of £32,000 deposited in the society from this district was repre sented. Messrs Bmkenshire and Coltman, the local agents, attended, and gave nn ex planation of the affaire of the society similar to that given in Melbourne,' A resolution was passed expressing full confidence in the directors, the local agents, and the society, and all present signed an agreement to allow their money to remain on deposit fur the term, asked for by the directors and com mittee—three years. A suggestion was also made to the directors to wind up the savings . hank branch of the’business as soon as pos sible, and •to decline to take deposits in future■for'le’-s thair‘l2 months. A report of -the proceedings 'appears elsewhere in Tht\ Star. 1 In tho 'Legislative Council last night, Mr ■Gore- succeeded iu extending the pennissory provisions ffur issuing certificates to acting engineers to persons-acting as surveyors or engineers to water -trusts, Mr Cnutta re msrking that technically unqualified men gave less trouble than those holding ’Uni versity degrees. . Mr Service, carried a motion the effect of which will be to secure that audit >rs elected ‘by ratepayers must possess the necessary statutory qualifica tions. There is very little ’fresh to -report in con nection with the strike -in the painting trade. The two men who had -come to Ballarat on the previous night were given work in-union simps yesterday morning. A telegram having been received to the effect that a non- unionist, with a portmanteau and canvas bag, would arrive by the 18 20 p.m. train from Melbourne, the pickets were -instructed to be on the -platform on the arrival of the train. The mau was quickly observed, and on heine spoken to., promised to join the union. A meeting of the strike and control committee was held at'the Trades’-Hall last night; Mr Needham in the chair. ; Mr Showers, -the delegate who had been to Melbourne, re ported that only ‘five . painters had left that city for Ballarat. iHe had addressed a meeting of tho Trades’ Hall .Council, and received promises of support. At the .con clusion of the meeting strike pay to the amount of £37 was distributed to the men ou strike. The married men were paid at the rate of 5s per-day, and single men-4s. There are now only nine members of the union on strike, all-the others who went out having been-employed in .union shops and other place. The employers state that IS men arrived from Melbourne ; by the llatc train through Maryborough on Wednesday night, and that several arrived during yes terday to fill the places of those painters who went out on strike. They also state that the men who went out on strike have all been engaged in.other shops. The spring meeting of the -Ballarat Turf Club will open to-day on the picturesque Dowling Forest course. With fine weather, good entries, and the -probability of an ex cellent day’s-sport, there will no doubt be a large attendance. Special trains will run to the course from the Western station, starting at 11 a.m., and leaving at suitable intervals afterwards. Iliefirst race is timed to start at 1.20 p.m. The weather yesterday was suggestive of the near approach of the hot season, as, although there was a cool air from south and south-east, the heat in the sun was very noticeable. The indications at a lace hour were for heat, and possibly hot wind to day. A highly successful conversazione last night celebrated the second amateur art exhibition, in connection witlt the Fine Art Gallrry. There was a large and brilliant assemblage, and a most enjoyable pro gramme of vocal and instrumental music was gone through. During the evening the prizes were distributed to the successful competitors. The educational tendency of these exhibitions is already making itself felt advantageously. Tlie adjudicator on this occasion criticised the paintings freely. A copy of his remarks, together with a report of the proceedings last night, will be found elsewhere in The Star. A boy 11 years of age, named Thomas Hawkins alias John Clarke, was brought before Messrs Serjeant and Smith at the City Police Court yesterday charged with the larceny of a silver locket and .a purse containing ss, belonging to Mary Quinn, a servant in the employ of Mr Ryan, licensee of the Farmers’ hotel. Doveton street. Mary Quinn stated that she missed the articles mentioned on the night of the 23'd ult. Bridget Ryan gave evidence to the effect that Hawkins lodged at the hotel on tho night mentioned by the previous witness, and on the following morning she found Miss Quinn’s purse, minus the contents, lying under the bed that had been occupied by the boy. After a brief consultation the bench sen tenced the youthful prisoner to five days’ imprisonment. Hawkins was also remanded to appear at the Bacchus Marsh Police Court on the 9ih inst. to answer the charge of hav ing stolen the sum of £lO from Wm. Dunn on the 19ch Novembe.r. The thunderstorm thatskirted Ballarat on Wednesday night spent some of its force at Gordon, where hailstones from an inch to an inch and a quarter in size fell. Some time since the mayor of the City received u letter from Mr Benden S. Hassell, formerly of Ballarat, but now of England, asking to be associated in some way with the old identities of Ballarat. The follow ing letter has been sent to Mr Hassell:— “ Dear Sir, —It is with very unaffected pleasure and cordial greeting that we, the undersigned old residents nf Ballarat, hail you as an accepted member of the Ballarat branch of the Old Colonists’ Association. We do so the more heartily because many amongst us recognise in you a prominent member nf that enterprising band who made history in tho early fifties by laying the foundations of this fair city of Ballarat. Rest assured that the warm sympathy that prompted you, when with us, to endow our local charities, and still preserve the re membrance of the companions of your bygone days, so affectionately expressed in your correspondence with your old friend his Worship the Mayor (C. C. Shoppee) is warmly reciprocated by us; and that when the time, still far distant we trust, shall arrive for you to depart from this world, living hands will truce your name on the marble records of the association as that of one of Ballarat’s earliest and most respected pioneers.—We are, dear sir, yours faith fully.”—Here follow the signatures of the Mayor and nearly 50 old colonists, including Messrs A. Lender, J. Oddie, T. Bath,’ A. Gibbings, D. Brophy, G. Lovitt, D. Ham, M.L 0-, W. C. Smith, M.L.A., and A. Anderson. Mr Hassell was well known in •the very early days of Btllarat, when he made many friends. He was at all times a liberal supporter of the charities here, and still takes a great interest in its affairs. The receipt of the above letter, signed by so many old friends, should be particularly gratifying to him. The December sittings of the Ballarat Supreme Court will be opened at 10 o’clock this morning, at the Court house, Lydiard street. Under the criminal list there are three cases set down for hearing, viz.:— George Ruddock, false pretence-; J. Bap tiste Lenoir, embezzlement; and W. A- Major, letter stealing. Under the civil list the divorce case nf Collins v Collins will be heard. Judge A’Beokett will preside, A inarching order parade of the 3rd Vic torian Regiment was held last evening. There was a large muster; Captain Laid law in command. Captain and Adjutant Stnnley- Lowe was also in attendance. A,' B, and C companies were instructed in company drill, and D company in coat-folding diill,, under their respective officers. To-morrow tho right half battalion will parade at the Orderly-room, and the left half battalion will parade at the rifle range for musketry. All men who have completed their indi vidual musketry will fall in at the Orderly room. The A.A.G. Lieut-Colonel Pennp will be in attendance at the Orderly-room next Friday and Saturday for the purpose of examining those officers and sergeants who are desirous of obtaining their musketry certificates. Regimental Sergeant-major Muwson will in the meantime hold » class of instruction every evening except Saturday and Thursday, and it is hoped every officer and sergeant will attend. A start has been made with the examination of kits, and all the men ore requested to bring theirs in so that they may be at once checked. An old man named John George, who re sided in Cameron street, Ballarat East, died suddenly on Wednesday. The deceased had been attended for some time by Dr Morrison, and as that gentleman certified that death resulted from apoplexy no magisterial enquiry was held. The quarterly social of the Old Colonists’ Association was held last evening at the hall, Lydiard street. About 60 of the brethren, Hcconipahied by their ladies, sat down to tea, catered by Mr D. M'Kenzie. The chair was occupied by the president, Mr J. P. Murray, J.P., who gave a brief history of the associa tion from its earliest date to the present time, commencing with 30 members, now numbering between SOO and 900, and dis tributing close upon £254 a year to the needy members, besides paying funeral and other expenses. The association had, he I said, leased 2S acres of land on the Bunin yong road for homes. The land will shortly be filled in and homes erected. Mr Robert son, J.P., read an extract from a Melbourne paper, respecting the erection of homes for the poor. Mr Dyte gave the memory of the 3rd December, 1854, alluding to the Eureka riots, and some <>f those who fell »n that occasion, and the results that had ac crued to the colonists generally; Several reminiscences were given by Mr R. T. Vale and others. A number of songs and recitals were given in excellent stylo by several of the members. A most enjoyable evening was brought to a close by the singing of “ Auld iLangSyne.'” " A general desire his been expressed that the picture, “.Fair City of Perth,” by E. Hargate, on exhibition at the Art Gallery, should be secured for that institution. It is under offer for a limited time at £lOO, and towards this, up to the commencement of last night's conversazione, the sum of over £35 had been promised. Last night tile energetic secretary, Mr J. A.-Powell, re ceived promises of two donations of £5 5s each. It is to be hoped other donors will come forward, in order that this fine picture may be added to the present .excellent col lection of paintings owned by the trustees, A select but numerous party assembled at Airth'cottage. Mount Clear, on Wednesday •evening to celebrate the coming of age of Mr Tom Wilson, son nf MrJ.A. Wilson, •dentist, of Start street.. Ample preparations had 'been made, and the beautiful grounds were decorated with fairy lamps. There'was dancing, of course, relieved by music and song, and the whole affair was'most auco-sa ful and thoroughly enjoyable. At the supper table Mr. T. Robertson , proposed “Health and Prosperity to Mr Tom Wilson,” in a hearty, and friendly speech; and Mr W, Christy, in well-obnsen words, gave the health of “ The Host ami Hostess.” Both toasts were very warmly received and feel ingly responded to. The festivities were kept up till an'early hour yesterday morn ing. ; The Presbytery of Ballarat, at the usual monthly meeting held on Wednesday, felt the mayor of the City had taken much responsibility on himself, especially after recent action of an opposite character, in giving his casting vote in favor of Sunday band performances in the public gardens, and thus, by two votes given by himself, carrying a motion which had not a majority of the members of the council present in its favor, and which changed the existing order of things. At tlie last meeting of tile works com mittee of tile Town Council it was decided 'to purchase anew water-cart which will throw a spray of water for a breadth of 40 feet. An order for a cart trill be sent to Loudon, where it was inspected by Cr Elsworth (luring his recent tour. It will be used for laying the dust in Bridge street,- the spread being sufficient to cover the whole roadway. During the pleasure-seeking connected with tlie Creswiok Wesleyan picnic at the City gardens on Wednesday, one of the ex cursionists fell into the water, and tlie Rev. Mr Knight, of Allendale, went to Ids assist ance. In effecting the rescue Mr Knight himself fell in, and had sunk twice before he in turn was fished out by some of the bystanders, fortunately little the worse for his involuntary immersion. A Ind named Alfred Arnold, who hails from Clunes, attended at tlie Hospital yes terday with a fidi-tiook in ills fore-finger. The hook was extracted by tlie resideut siirgoon. The anuuai social of tlie Montana Piivato Quadrille Club was held last night at the Phoenix Hall, when a few pleasant hours were spent by the members of the club. The room had been very nicely decorated for the occasion with Sags, evergreens, and suitable mottos. About 70 couples were present, and an excellent programme of dances was gone through. The musio was supplied by Messrs Haines, Tickner, Scarff, and Miinuells. Tho supper was catered for by Mr White, of Bridge street. The chair was occu pied by Mr Gray, chairman of committee, and a number of toasts were honored. Mr W. Potts, who has acted as master of cere monies during the season, was made the recipient of a handsome silver cruet in re cognition of his services. The presentation was made by the chairman in a few appro priate words, end Mr Potts suitably re sponded. Dancing was then resumed and kept up witii spirit until an early hour. During tlie evening a number of songs were rendered at intervals. An accident happened on Wednesday to Prioceil Goidreich, son of the Rev. I. M. Goidreicb, whereby the ind sustained injury to his left eye through running a meat skewer into the s'de. Although the injury is serious it is thought he will not lose the sight of the eye. The Thomas family of vocalists, assisted by Mr Sage and Miss luce, gave au enter tainment of a refined and educational char acter, at the Trades’ Hall last night. The atsendaoae was not as large as had been expected, but the affair was a financial success, as there was a large number of tickets unrepresented. Tlie following pro gramme was carried out. with efficiency:— Organ solo, Mr Sage; chorus, “ How excel lent,” Thomas Family; duet, “ Tho wind and the harp,” S. and L. Thomas; violin aolo, Miss A. luce; chorus, “ Love at home,” Family; quartette, “Abide with me,” Family; solo, “You will find me,” Miss L. Thomas; chorus, “ Rock of ages,” Family; organ solo, Mr Sage; chorus, “ He shall feed His Flock,” Family; violin. Miss A. luce; trio, “ Lift thine eyes,” Family; Silo, “Ho was despised,” Mrs Thomas; chorus, 11 Golgotha,” Family; snio, "Ho wipes tho tear,” Miss L. Thomas; song and chorus, Family; chorus, “ Bow down thine ear,” Family. Each number was loudly applauded, and in most of. the items an encore was demanded. At the Town Police Court yesterday morn ing, one inebriate, a woman who has fre quently offended before, was dealt with. Fire debt cases were also heard. Messrs Gale and Phillips, JVP., were the presiding magistrates. Entries for the forthcoming reaper and binder trial, under tlie auspices of tlie Bal larat A. and P. S-'ciety, will be received by tlie secretary (Mr S. Morrison) up to 6 p.m. to-day. Mr Ambrose Murrell, of the Victoria hotel, Linton, died on Thursday, tho 3rd inet. The deceased was a very old resident of the district, and highly respected. He formerly resided in the east riding of Gren vilieshire, where for a number of jyeara lie represented that riding in the Greiivillcshire Council. He was one of the early arrivals of the fifties, a class (says onr Linton corre spondent) that is gradually but surely passing away. Messrs R. Tunbridge and Sons desire to call the attention nf our readers to tho special show of Christmas goods to be hold at their Furnishing Arcade, Lydiard street, to-night, between the hours of 8 and 10. The firm have made great effoita to make their rooms as attractive as possible. An hour apentjin them will prove botli interesting and in structive. Our Lesnnnnth correspondent write-: “ A magisterial enquiry touching.the death of a man (name unknown), about 60 years of age, which took place in n lint on tlie Ercildoune station, was held before Mr A. Findlay, J. P., to-day. Dr S liter, who made tlie post mortem, examination, .found that death was caused by failu- eof the heart, and a verdiot in accordance with the medical tes timony was entered.” • A dangerous explosion occurred at Clunes at 10 o’clock on Wednesday morning. It seems that a blasting nf old iron by dyna mite at Cooper’s F-undry, which is ad jacent to Fraser street, was about to com mence. Through an oversight the iron to be broken was not placed in tlie pit, and covered over, us is usually doue. The re sult was that when tlie shot was fired pieces of the iron were sent with terrific force into tlie main street,, one piece crashing through the shutters and windows of tho untenunted part of Pitcher’s Buildings. Tlie attention of the police has been specially directed to tho general instructions r»speotiiig_precautiiinB against bush-fires con tained in paragraph 179 of the Police Regu lations. It is pointed out that owing to tlie present luxuriant growth of grass through out the colony, it is probable that any bush fire occurring during the ensuing summer will be exceptionally fierce and extensive. All members of tlie force have been stiictiy enjoined to use their best efforts to check the careless use of fire, more especially in grass land and the bush. The public lands authorities have instructed the foresters throughout tlie colony to render the police all tlie assistance iu their power in prevent ing bush fires, and in enforcing the law against persona causing such fires. Special vigilance is to be exercised in detecting -.nd bringing to justice persons guilty of infrac tion of the law respecting the careless use of fire. The potato season (says tlie Warrnamhoal Standard) is now beginning to open out. The quotation locally is £2 6d per ton, and several Urge pare-. Is have been bought this week chieffly for sale np-country. Tho - crops are looking, well, tho season liaving;- been very favorable for their growth, and as the moulder and acufitsr seems to have been in constant use they are especially clean and healthy. The yield this year promises to equal that of lust season, and the quality is said to be even bettor. Owing to the pro bable high price of g'ain during tlie next three or four mouths, potatoes- should also realise good figures. The Standard gives a report from Mang dai, iu the Muirumbidgee district, stating; that a disastrous firo occurred there Wed nesday morning on the selection of a farmer named Biggs, when 300 -tons of hay and a number of outbuildings were destroyed. The loss amounts to £2OOO,> the property being uninsured. It has often been the lot of insurance com panies and ' tlie police (says the Kpielon Observer) to be placed iir>very embarrassing circumstances through’ not being able to trace tlie origin nf fires. At the meeting of the Metcaifesiiire Council -a rather novel, and at the same time dangerous, method of' fastening papers was noticed.-’ lir the absence of a pin one of the tenderers used a wax match to fasten a one pound'note to a tender form. If tlie parcel had been-going through the poet very serious damage might.have re sulted through the thoughtless action of the tenderer. Tlie Standard says tb'at a circular was issued to ail tlie members of the L-gisiative Council, asking them to be in their places iu tiie House at half-pastfiyesterday afternoon,, to consider ve'y important business at the flitting. Tho resignation of one or more Ministers is hinted at. It is reported that the Melbourne tramway employd', from the highest place- to the lowest, are prepared to submit to the reduc tions resolved upon by tho directors with as good a grace us possible under the circum stances. The following are tlie reductions resolved upon:—All salaries above £5OO per annum will he reduced 20 per cent.; .all salaries from £5OO down to £l5O per annum will be reduced 10per cent,; all of £l5O per annum and under will bo reduced 5 percent. The reductions as to salaries paid monthly to take effect from date;, ami as to salaries and wages paid weekly, from next pay-day. Considerable uneasiness ia (says the StciMdard) manifested in Adelaide commer cial circles respecting the effect of the Dibbs tariff on the Barrier trade. 