ACCIDENTS AND OFFENCES. At the inquest on Tuesday on the body of Louis Strom, a seaman, drowned off Tnross Heads by a boat capsizing, a verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. The Deputy City Coroner, Mr. W. T. Pinhey, J.P., held an inquest at Balmain on Tuesday afternoon, relative to the death of the man Thomas Colland, who died in the Cottage Hospital, on Tuesday morning, from the effects of injuries received on the 2nd instant through a quantity of timber falling on him at Byrne's timberyard, Balmain. The jury returned a ver dict of accidental death. While -working a crane at the Newcastle Dyte on Tuesday a youth named William Pritchard received serious injuries through the crane chain falling on him, Upon admission to the hospital he was found to have been injured internally. The police authorities at Adelaide arrested tw« suspicious characters in an old house at North Parade on Monday. In an upstairs room they found two men, one of ?whom offered resistance and attempted to seize a revolver. This was taken away from him, and he then tried to use a sheath- knife secured to his belt. The police, however, were too quick, and caught and hand cuffed him. The other man, seeing the turn affairs had taken, put his hand under a pillow. The constables intercepted him and drew forth a zazor. He then submitted to be walked off to the police station. On Wednesday night two boys were arrested in Melbourne for setting fire to a house at Haw thorn. The lads admitted setting fire to it in order to obtain the reward of 5s for first notifying the fire brigade. The damage by fire on Saturday and Sunday te the western part of the Stawell district (Vic) is estimated at .£30,000. The body of a man named Joseph Thompson, a carpenter, who had been drinking in Louth during the past few weeks, was found bn Sunday morning about a mile from town, with an incision made in the left arm, evidently self-inflicted. The inquiry into Benjamin Brothers' fire was concluded at Brisbane on Tuesday. Mr. Pinnock said that the inquiry had thrown no light on the origin of the fire. The bush- fire in the Lismore district (Vie.) was 45 miles long and from five to 15 miles wide. Abeut 36,000 sheep have been destroyed. At the Parramatta Police Court on Tuesday James Farley was fined 60s, or two months, for f using indecent language. John Stewart, a drover, was charged with stealing a mare, saddle, and bridle, the property of Mr. Garthwaite, of Book wood, from Flemington saleyards. Deceased was remanded till to-day. Edward Forrest shot himself on Tuesday near Baradine. His brother died last week. Another brother is now in the hospital with fever. The gun wound is not fatal. Constable James Rogers, of CoraM, wasbrotally assaulted yesterday by a gang of larrikins, while conveying a mate of theirs to the local lock up. The constable, with the assistance of a passer-by, succeeded in getting his priso ner to the cells. -He was subsequently vio lently assaulted when attempting to arrest the ringleaders pf the mob. It is stated that his . injuries will incapacitate him for police duty for stout a month. A second constable is much needed at Coraki. A blackf ellow, named Charley, has been charged at the Cooktown (Q.) Police Court with the mur der of Alligator Mick Hoolahan, near Maytown, In October last;, and remanded for eight days. While in the dock, and before the police magis trate bad taken his seat, Charley suddenly made a spring, clearing the iron spikes, and would have escaped, but his foot got jammed between ttro spikes, and he was thrown on his head on the floor. Constable. Brennan at once secured .and handcuffed h*'\, and put him back into- the dock. Alfred Tanner, employed by Alderman. Garner, Mayor of St. Marys, was found dead on Tuesday evening. It is supposed he received a sunstroke while pumping a cask of water from the creek, and fell off the stand, a distance of 13ft. When loaodhis face was in the water. 