VASSE. (Fbom oua Cobekspondkht.) March 18. The past week has, I think, been with ua the quietest we have ex perienced during the year there har iug been nothiug whatever to break our dull monotony. Even yesterday, St. Patrick's Day, appeared not to have reached Busselton as there was a total absence of excitement and the " Green" was conspicuous only by its absence. The weather has certainly altered and we are now having a spell of sultry dajB and nights while bush fires are making their appearance. There is, however, every sympton of an early change and we may expect rain before long. The last downpour proved of great advantage to the swamp crop of potatoes which had begun to languish for want of water, and if we have another shower or two shortly the crop ought to be good. Mr. Withers is busy surveying Mr. R. Gale's Marybrook estate and cut ting it up into 500 acre blocks, and as these will each contain both coast aud back country and have a fair propor tion of good swamp land they should find a ready sate particularly as they are only a few miles from town. On the completion of this surrey Mr. Withers will mark out what iB known as the Beach paddock into about 200 one acre allotments which Mr. Gale intends selling at £20 per lot being one-half the Government price while the situation is equally as good. By the s.s. Albany which sailed for the Colonies, on (Sunday morning last Mrs. Irrine, wife of Capt. Irvine, proceeded to Melbourne to take up her residence there, since which, how ever, Capt. Irvine has been appointed pilot at Albany. The schooner Theresa arrived on Sunday evening bringing between 20 and 30 tons of flour, bran and pollard from the Bunbury mill. Since Mr. B. Forrest has put up his roller mill the Bunbury flour has found a great favour, and now, instead of our chief consumption being imported from the colonies there is little or none imported the whole of our demands being supplied from Banbury as it should be. The Bay Company returned from Augusta yesterday, and I believe in tend performing here to-morrow evening when I trust better success will attend their efforts to amuse the public than was the case on their last appearance. The prizes which should have been distributed to the scholars attending the various Government Schools laBt Christmas have at last arrived, and the District Board of Education have fixed upon Thursday, 26th instant as the day for their distribution. Lenten Services are being held both morning and evening during the pre sent and passion week and the Annual Vestry Meeting will be held in the Government Boys' School on Wed nesday, 1st proximo, I noticed by a recent issue of the Southern Times that tomatoes had been grown in your district weighing 2Sozs, Mr. E. Tonkin, of the Water Police, yeBterday cut 3 two of which weighed 24ozs. each while the third one weighed 28ozs. Mr. J. E. Hig gins of Capel has also cut some weigh ing 28ozs. each. To show the oppon ents of the South Western Railway the fertility of the soil in these dis tricts 1 may mention that Mrs. Henry Higgins of Capel has gathered 17 tons of splendid onions off a plot of only three quarters of an acre, some of the onions turning the scale at 2£1 bs. If, as I understand, the coBt of producing this grand crop dues not exceed £10 including, the price of seed it is evident a handsome profit has been realised and it clearly proves that the land is capable of produciug some thing more than a mere bread and cheese existence. Mr. W. Carrol while out horse hunting at Borauup a few days back found the box of jewellery which was stolen from the Afghan hawkers hid- ■ den in a swamp, the jewellery was' intact, but the £30 which was in the box in cash at the time of the robbery had been abstracted. 