THE YILGARN GOLDFIELD. [BY TELEGRAPH] PERTH, Jan. 27.—A telegram to the Commissioner of Police from Sergt. O'Connell at York is to the effect that there is an increase in the supply of fresh water in the Kathleen shaft, Golden Valley. 200 gallons are being made in 24 hours- A one hour's Go-as-you-please for £1 aside will be decided on Monday night between G. Martin and T. Nesbit. As stakeholders, we have received the £2. THE man William Davis, charged on remand with obtaining £o by false pretences from Mr. J. Edwards, was committed for trial yesterday morning. THE case of Krakouer v. The Town Council will be held next Local Court day. The plaintiff claims damages for the destruction of a hedge. A meeting of the Albany Political and Local Progress Association will be held this evening. The discussion will be on " The improvement of Princess Royal Harbor." A LARGE bushfire raged near Katanning yesterday, and it came up close to the railway station. No damage was done to the crops or property. There was also a large fiie at Pootenup yesterday. WE are informed that the roller mill building at Katanning for Messrs. F. & C. Piesse is being pushed on with extraordinary rapidity. Though a three storey building, it is now receiving the roof. A siding has been built with a turntable, and the Messrs. Piesse intend also to erect a large grain receiving warehouse. The mill will be supplied with every labor saving convenience. P.C. MURPHY has returned from the Eastward, and reports that nearly all the settlers have splendid crops. Water, however, is getting scarce. The Messrs. Stennett and Mr. Sorrensen are prospecting between Biemer Bay and Esperauce Bay. They had been driven from one place where they were working by lack of water. THE Taylor Dramatic Company are expected here next week from South Australa. The Company comprises 14 artists -and they will play some of the comedies and dramas that have proved most popular in the Eastern Colonies. The advance agent Mr. Henningham arrived in Albany last Saturday. 