il l^S^liliT SEZXSvTEI3jltS;'S'©o This is the age, amongst other t'hingo, of manifestoes. It is, we ouppos®, a tribute to the powei1 of public opinion that whenever it is desired to Get up any new cause or doe trine, political or socials the firat thing to be done is to indite on ito behalf a more 01? leso magniloquent manifesto. Th© productions are not always called by that name, and may take anv form, from a public address to a oemi-private letter or circular, but the object is always the same — to advertise the new enterprise, whatever it may be, and gain for it the public ear and sympathy. Some fcimeOj as in the late labour struggle, there are manifestoes from both aides, when, as the rival champions in single combat in the days of yore, abl© secretaries 011 either side do vigorous battle with each other £01* their respective causes in th© public prints, each claimiog all the justice o£ the quairel on hia side with the general result of making it over so much woEse. There is no doubt that much of the bitterness o£ the late strike was due to the preliminary fulmi nations of these hot-headed scribes, which, indeed, with their assumption now oe scathing sarcasm ana again 01 crush ing contempt, might have bean, except as they certainly served to exasperate the quarrel, as mere literary exercises amusing enough. They may be likened to the bugle-calls of opposing armies to battle, and it is therefore with some concern that we notice that the Pastoralists' Union has not been slow in following up its late challenge to the Shearers' Union (which in eHect its lately published shearing agreements were) with one of these ill-omened produstions. It is true the challenge was very promptly taken up and in Queens land hostilities have already fairly begun, but if there was ever any doubt that the publication of fchsse agreements was deliberately intended by the pasfcoralists to provoke open and instant war the mani festo justissued from, the headquarters of their Union in Melbourne must effectually remove it. ' On the principle,' says the document, which has the regular battle ring in it, and all tho confidence, it may be added, of easy victory, ' that it is better to fight a bush fir© on your neighbour's property than to remain passive and allow it to reach your own boundaries, my coun° cil (the able secretary's) has resolved to throw in all its energies and resources towards helping the pastoralists in Queens land who are now resisting the efforts of the Shearers' Union to break down the new agreements.''' With an eye to the public support, it is ' confidently declared ' that the agreements are eminently fair to the Bhearers and nool-shed em ployees, just to the oheepowners, and thoroughly workable oa both oideo (as if, emanating from otjq side only, and that the pcsfcoraliots', that made any difference), while a stirring appeal is made to the pas toraliota of all the colonies to rally round the staadard of the new unionism in what is declared to fee ' the supreme moment of the contest which rausfc decide practically the whole campaign.' This fiery document, breathing defiance against the old unionism in every line, is thuo a general call to arms in what must bo a life or death struggle between the rival unions, and will doubtless be responded to in kind. It is the direct outcome of the lat© battle, in which bad generalship on the other side undoubtedly gave the victory, though not without lose, to the squatters, and so far may be a fair and natural enough attempt at reprisal. But the question iap is it a wise one ? and her© we must join isouQ with the able and fire eating secretary ol the Paatoraliots' Union, Melbourne, if only— to adopt his own metaphor— that it is not wise or public spirited to set a bush-fire going, even on your neighbour's property, in the sel fish hope of saving your own. Un doubtedly the pastoralists ar© strong and confident in their strength, when it hao served its purpose, to stamp their self-lit bush- fire out. According to this manifesto, I the pastoralists' unions throughout the four I colonies form a solid body some 2000 strong, J ana representing many millions ok sneep, « and it is held that ' if a loyal and unshaken front on the part of every individual mem ber be shown in the matter of adher° ing to these agreements, the break ing down of the wantonly aggressive tactics recently pursued and still being pursued by the Shearers' Union leaders is assured.' But this 'loyal and unshaken front' involves on the park of every indivi* dual member a 'call' of 10-i per ©very 1000 sheep and Is 3d pee 100 head of cattle, and is it supposed that the ' aggres sive tactics' o£ the Shearers' Union will be any the less so now that i'c is the object, as it will certainly consider, of equally wanton aggression itself ? The one result of the Pastoralists' Union's tactics, whether they are also to be called ' wantonly aggressive' op not, can only be a bitter renewal of the struggle that last year worked so much harm to both sides, in all the colonies next season. There is yet some interval before this so deliberately kindled bush=firo inevit ably opreads. Would it not be better to employ it, instead of with fiery manifestoes go one oide or the other fanning the con flagration, in senoioiy endeavouring by mutual conference and conciliation to avoid it altogether? 