F NTRE0GU LLYS RE CO IT SATmAonV, 3Luciu 14, IS!L. Present-Councillors .L T, DIobs Dobson, Chandler, Thompson, E Lyons and Kerr. Cr. Thompson, was elected chsircr consequenp uppn the absence of thef sident The.miutes. after some discuss i50 to carrying lights on vehicles, wen coisiEsrOYDNCE. Frorm f. H. Iayter, Goerr:= 'Statist, asking for statistics for the;. book.--Attended to. F~om Alfred Hospital, asking ford tion.-Cr. Thompson said the coars had allotted £10 to the Alfred Rt and, £5 each to the Deaf and D?rr.S Wlin4),Asylums. From Public Works Deplrtment ating that the- Lilydle council opposet to thg.Dandenong creek re inog the shire boundary.-Cr. Chi sail he thought that if- a conirensc': held with the Ljlydale council " could h6pleasantlarransmu d. Froim Tre.sury, requirinf to . formed morn fully as to the v:-:" rates collected for. which they a.' subsidy.-The secretary said he ha c plied with the request. From Shire. of- Betreicik. 'tn: papers relating to, the. ndljtmr.I. accounts between the two shires e' ready. in a few days.-- cRev ' Fronr Clerk of Petty Se-siero for. the capital, valuatin of section.-To.be infome the celt oply the valuation of the wahoa 'y From Berwick Council, with toIoin iaccounts. Actording to CL r Dobsoa, tho.diference betweent to bo pjaid by Berwick shire a0 th 13\. OIld, balance to c?d.t of was rehtined for interest dU j did not meet him aappoSintsl H couneil's solicitsi sho infer bno aedeed was being pdcurss I beio.,' tn Crs. individually 5d he . R arranged.. ,account for 24s., three days' clearing logs .frox Grant road'after the late bush,fires. ,Some discssiun ensued as to the practice of allowing?.ork to be doel,in this way, but the genaral opinion aetmed,to be that it was tie only -pruetiabae .Yi"y . Even. tuilly the clerk of worLs was' ordered to inspect, and if work had ien donmto the namoupt claimed, to pass it., : SFroh .Berwick ?ouncil, asking -this council to spppgrt the pmroposetl Anend. inc Lobal Goveniment Act .-(inred. From J. Foraser, Scoresby, asking to h-i4e bo nauoe of ,Mary Jaogs dTocTr placed conjoiptly with his ot?pti o tle abookO.-Granted: . From Board of Public Health, acknow4 ileding receipt of aunnal. repqlt, and .isking for healtlh oflicer'e and- nalyst's ar R..H rner, askliig:the council to clear out the drain alopg. is property, as the water qvetlowled ,n:his.franp.--The dayi3an to attend to the .patter. 'From -l w!th Officr, ,ot?tiiqg that thp ,ncw,Rloan Catholic .church would fully ,complv.with the iuceasary.cuiditions.. From the contractor for .grubbing at .Stretton's lane asking for an extension of ,time, as the ground was so hard he could not make much progress.-Two mouths exteusion.wns granted. 'From F. W. Benson, complalning that no track was avaliable at the works at Douglas' Hill and Morris. The engineer was instructed to inspect and arrange for a temporary road whilst the works were in progress. The engineer rpprted .on various works. He meptinel bsat somne stone ;had been carted frgtu iuckley's hill .cutting to.pthr.,pants of the shire. No injury hadben.done, but he thought it a .bad preied nt to allow such removal of material without authority frqm the ,council, and he had told the .contractor it inust not occur again. Fronm John Ramage, ,cmplpining that tie,draicnae on Rjngwoodxuad evefiqw.s his 1bad-,C?r. f.Sase nemarkel Ithat ,the place referred to was really dlangerous. In a little time the whole road would be .washed away.-The clerk of works ??is .instruted to attend to thematter. .RPORTS. The treasurer reported 'that.the.amqgjtg received since laht.meeting was £164. The rate collector reported ,having col lected ratessince lastmeetingas follows : -North riding, £24; Centre riding, £32 16s.: South riding, £61 16s.; total to date with UrS 1-s.,previously ip hlad, (t5j5 Os. ORDINARY BUSfL.'ES. Cr. Lyons drew the attention of the council to the fact that .the contractor for i rgad at Lysterfield had piLad surface! clay with white metaL-The clerk of .workssaid he had his attention drawp Jo .the matter and had visited the pilace, but he could not see where clay had beqn used.- A committee was appointed to inspect the work. Cr. ~Kerr moved, seconded by Cr. Lyons, that this council join with the Berwick.council in erecting bridgeo on the boundary between the south riding and Icaronofield, the share of coat not to eaneed £15.-Carried. Cr. Chandler mentioned some require ments for the contract near Dr. Rankin's. \--The clerk .f works informed the meet. inc that the work was not yet completed, -The same Cr. spoke of the necessity. of mating provision for watering stock at the bridge put up by Geherty. , It wasresolved that 5s. he paid Rosa oir removing a fallen tree off the road. Cr. Kerr said he understood the council .would. in future, meet at twelve o'clock instead of two. This. he considered, rould make 'things extremely inoon .enient. It would mean that oeveryone encaed at the meeting would have to ta .without their dinner. He thought the hour of two o'clock should be adhered to. -Cr. Thompson said notice would have to he given to rescind a previous motion. -Cr. J. 'f. Dobson gave notice of motioi, for next meetinu to rescind the alteration from two to t twelve o'clock. Next meat ing the secretary will he ore'ent at .welve and adjourn till two o'clock. Cr.-'. Dobson asked whether the con tractor for Ferntree Gully rmad was not spreading too much maintenance metal.- Cr. Thompson said if he did so it was at his own risk, and he had better be careful. A rather acrimonious discussion oc. ?lrred ever some formation required at Muddy Creek. It was finally resolved. after an interchange of rather dnuhtful pmp'imenta, that the engineer he desired fc see if terms can he arranged with con tractor to deliver 200yds. of the stone at Muddy-creek bridge at 18d. per yard, payment not to be-required until after financial year, and caution tin be exercised that no risk is run of vitiating the road dontract by any agreement made. The fourth riding question was fully Aiscussed, and it was resolved, on the motion of the President and Cr. 'Fhomp son, that a counter petition he got up. Accounts amounting to .£782 B;. Od. ,were passed fgr payment. 