INTERCOLONIAL. Victoria. At the half-yearly meeting of the Australian Financial Agency and Guarantee Company it was stated that the defalcations of the late manager, W. A. Cuddy, amounted to £12,244, and that, other losses had occurred, in great part owing to his gross misrepresentations, which necessitated a further sum of £27,832 being written off the capital. The assurance was given, however, that the business could still be carried on profitably. There was a strong expression of opinion in favour of amalgamation with some similar institution, but no resolution on the subjoct was arrivod at. The final stop in connection with the Premier Per- manent Building Association, as far as the Crown is concerned, was taken last week in the Supreme Court, when William Doherty, who on Boxing Day was sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment for making a fraudulont entry, and whose appeal against the sentence had been dismissed, surrendered to his bail and was removed to gaol, The Crown Prosecutor announced that a nolle prosequiii had been entered in the case of Doherty and James Ebenezer Gourlay for conspiracy, A bushfire in the Lismore district was 15 miles long and 5 to 15 miles wide. About 38,000 sheep were burnt. The Governor has performed the important ceremony of opening the Maroondah Waterworks. The river has hitherto been known as the Watts River. The scheme was commenced in 1886. Its com- pletion gives an additional 25,000,000 gallons of water per day to Melbourne. The Minister for Defence is desirous that there should be a naval demonstration, on the occasion of the arrival of the auxiliary fleet in Australian waters. He has written to Admiral Lord Charles Scott, suggesting that he should communicate with the Admiralty on the subject. It is suggested that if the fleet should arrive together it should be met at King George's Sound by the other vessels on the Australian station as well as those of the differ ent colonies, For the week ended February 14 the typhoid cases reported in the whole of the colony were 122, of which 12 proved fatal, against 238, with 32 deaths, in the corresponding week of 1890\. Of diphtheria 10 cases were reported, with 3 deaths, against 51 cases and 14 deaths last year. In scarlet fever there were 13 cases and 1 death. QUEENSLAND. Mr. John M'Namara states that he with others has discovered a cure for consumption and cancer, whioh he has offered to the Queensland Government for £25,000. He is now erecting plant capable of turning out sufficient of the alleged cure for the treatmont of 10,000 patients. Parliament has been further prorogued to the 7th April. A supply of water has been struok in the bore on Aramao station at a depth of 570ft The artesian bore was continued to a depth of 650ft., when the rush of water was so great that the boring had to be stopped. It is estimated that the flow is at least 3½ million gallons daily. The Register-General estimates the total popu- lation of the colony on Decomber 31 last at 414,716, consisting of 243,437 males and 178,454 females, the total increase for the year being 16,117.. The sugar exported from Queensland from June 20, 1890, to January 30,1891, amounted to 38,951 tons. The total yield of gold for the colony for the year 1890, as shown by the incom plete official returns, was 588,147oz., or a decrease of about 150,000oz. on the year 1889. The tender of Messrs. A. Mackenzie and Co., of £116,962 13s 8d, has been accepted by the Railway Com- missioners for the thirc section of the Cairns to Herberton railway. SOUTH AUSTRALIA The expenditure for the half-year ended December was £1,227,055, being £75,352 loss than half tho eatimato for Iba year. The rovenua wan £1,100,711, boing £118,001 less than half tho OBttmato for the year. The year's rovanno wai £2,557,772, an incronso of £228,830. Tt.o quirtor'a revenue was £(¡10,015, an incroaso of £70,0(17. Tho not railway rovonuo above tho working ox ponsos was £111,107, tin inoreaio of £38.000. Tho deficit in the general revoque in six months was £03,103, which will bo wipoá out whon the Und and incline tax ia roooivod. Mu Oswald Brojrn, hydraulic engineer, bao arrived by tho R.M.S, Arcadia undor an agreement vv ith the Government to report on water Bohomo». For a three months' visit tho Government guarantees him afee of 8000 guineas. The Australian Natives' Association has adopted resolutions in favour of tho orcotion of a national momorinl in honour of South Australian explorers, and opposing tho granting of hereditary litios to Australians. WESTERN AUSTRALIA The Assombly in committee has agreed to tha item in the Loan Bill schedule of £824,000 for tho construction of tho Yilgarn railway. Tho opposi- tion offorod to tho item was very slight, there being a general consensus of opinion in favour of tho oonstruotion of tho lino at tho earliest possible date. Tho schedule for the Fremantle harbour works, &c;, £150,000, was agrood to. Tho Assembly passed a resolution in favour of the Qovernmoat ontoring into communication with Ohaffoy Brothors, with a view to arrange for a visit to this colony, for tho purpose of ascertaining the .uitablonesa of creating an establishment similar to these of Mildura and Eonmark. TASMANIA. Mr. Jaines Monaghan Dooley, a membsr of tho Legislativo As'cmbly, dropped dead in the street in Latrobe last woek. He was formerly in tho Survey Depattrnont, and had boen a membor of Parliament for 19 years. It ia intonded shortly to extend the present Zoohan-Duudas Railway Company into a oompany of 100,000 shares of £1 each. Work will be commenced as soon as the engine is running to Zeehan. Mesarrj, H. Murray and W. Aikenhead, candidatos for East Devon in the House of Assembly, are in favour i of federation, with a uniform intercolonial tarift At tho half yoarly t meeting of the T. S. N. Company the directors regretted that thoy were not ablo to declaro a dividond ; thoy had'insured four boats, tno Oonah, Talune, Flora, and Pateono. An acrimonious discussion followed, but tbo majority supported the direotors. .The Premier, Mr, Fysh, baa addressed a lotter to tbo Premier of Victoria, Btating that the Tasmanian Govornmont agreoa to the recommandations of tho oommittoo of officers and admiralty ro improving the défonces of the colony, the station at King George's Sound and Thursday Island on a pro rata contribution basis of the colonial population, on tho condition that the adoption of tbo defenco of Taamaaian ports bo in- cluded in the general defence scheme. NEW ZEALAND, The Govornmont has received no further in- formation from the Agent-General as to the ar- rangements ho is making for tbo conversion of the remaining New Zealand loans, on whioh a high rato of intofost ia being paid, but it ia understood that Sir F. Dillon Boll is still negotiating in the matter. Mr. Wigloy, of Canterbury, has forfolted his seat in tho Legislative Council owing to his absence from two aessions without leave. The San Franciaco mail arrangonionts havo a.ain been altered back to the original datos for the proBont Sir William Fitzhorbert, lato Spoaker of tho Legislativa Council is dosa- it is estimated that tho. loss to the minors of the West Coast collieries through the lato striko 'was £80,000. ' Very heavy jraiin hava been experi- enced throughout tho North Island. The esti- mated population of the colony at the close of last year was 080,781. Speaking at Hawora, Mr. Seddon, Minister for Mines, saul that tho polioy of tbo Govornmont could bo summed np in two words -economy and progress. As to acquiring large catato«, tho Government would do nothing revolu- tionary, but thoy saw no reason why action shonld not bo takou for settlement, if tho publio interest required, on the payment of compensation. He doubted if there would bo a surplus at tho end of tho financial yoar, The Union Insurance Company has purobasod the business of tbo Equitable In- suranco Company of Now Zoaland. 