GLENMAGGIE. (From our own Correspondent) On the l0th inst. a picnic was given to the district in general by the Catholic community. The day was extreme!y propitious, there was a good gathering, which appreciated the games provided. This was the third annnal gathering of the kind, and it is at such social outdoor amusements that people who know each other well, seem to enjoy themselves most. The picnic season is not yet over, and we should not let the favorable, weather go without another similar meeting. seeing this one was such a success. The following are the results of the various events :— Boys under 10.—J. Ryan, 5 yds, 1, J. Rahilly 5 yds, 2. P. Gannon 4 yds 3. Boys under 12. -J. Rahilly, scr., 1, F. Schmitzer 2. Girls under 16.—Jane Ryan and Annie Cummins divided 1st, Maggie Gannon 2. Bovs under 10.—D. Sullivan 1, Alfred King 2. Boys under 14.—J. Sullivan 1, B. Green 2. Boys under 16.—F. Schmitzer 1, B. Green 2. Girls under 14.—Lilly Hedley, 1, Sarah Lee 2, Violet Schmitzer 3. Girls under 13.—Daisy Curtain 1, Sarah Lee 2. Running High Jump, all comers.—J. Ryan 1 (5ft 1in.), A. Grogan 2. Sheffield Handicap (130yds). —First heat : W. Ryan, 11 yds 1, C. Summers, 4 yds 2, M. Ryan 4 yds 4. Second heat : H. Macfarlane, scr., and J. Ryan 8 yds, dead heat. Final heat : W. Ryan, 11 yds 1, ; C. Summers 2. Vaulting with pole, all comers.—J Ryan 1 (10ft), E. Webber 2. Committee Handicap, purse of sovereigns.—A. Gregan, 6 yds 1, M. Ryan 12 yds 2, W. Ryan scr., 3. Pony Race, half mile.—Nick Gerrand's Princess 1. Malcolm Macfarlane's Little Esther 2, Donald Manson's Pincher 3. Mr J. Macfarlane and Mr E.Webber acted as handicappers throughout, and executed their onerous duties in a thoroughly satisfactoiy manner, each event being very closely contested. After the day's sport was over, a ball was held in the Mechanics', which was kept up till nearly morning. Already we have had three (private and public) dances in our hall, which is nice and roomy, and the floor is excellent for dancing. We expect soon to have an instrument for our institute, as yet Mr Curtain's institutiion has done service. Smoke from distant bushfires is in the valley pretty thick, the vicinity of the fires is not exactly known but as yet it is not near enough to cause much alarm, except to those who have bush paddocks and brush fences. 