BUSH FIRES. Narrow escape of a young Bendigonian. The fire which originated in the Whipstick scrub is still burning in the Kamarooka and Egerton forests. On Saturday the wind changed and blew the flames back towards Goornong. Mounted-constable Murray, who it might be mentioned has done good service during the past week, assisted by a number of civilians, worked most energetically to stop the progress of the fire, and after about six hours' hard work succeeded in their efforts, but none too soon, as the fire was within half a mile of Eastman's hotel. In a previous issne of the Advertiser it was stated that Mr. J. Heffernan, junr., had sus tained a heavy loss by the destruction of his fencing and grass. On Wednesday Mr. Heffernan was driving over his land looking at the damage done, when a limb of a burning tree fell, crashing on the wheel of the buggy in which he was seated. Fortunately Mr. Heffernan escaped with several scratches. Some of the farmers in the district will suffer heavy loss; in fact, in some cases it means ruination to them, it has been suggested that public subscriptions should be raised for the benefit of some of the sufferers. Principally amongst these is Mr. P. O'Donnell, whose pro perty, including the homestead, was completely destroyed. The sheep which he managed to save had to be sent in to market for sale, as he had no grass to fatten them on, and he could not run them on the common, as the Govern ment rabbit inspectors have laid poison there for the extermination of rabbits. It is stated that about a fortnight ago Mr. O'Donnell had arranged to insure his property, but just as the insurance agent arrived the threshing machine also appeared on the scene. As Mr. 0 Donnell had to look after the threshing machine men, he told the insurance agent to call again in about a month or six weeks. He now regrets that he did not attend to his in surance at the time. Mr. M'Namara, the Government rabbit in spector for the district, put on half a dozen of his men to watch the burning trees, so that no damage was done when they fell. On Saturday the fire reached Mr. Bailey's property, and strenuous efforts were made to keep it from extending to the Burnewang estate. About five o'clock in the evening there [were] not half-a- dozen men to be seen in the Goornong township, everybody having gone out to fight the fire with water carts, wet bags and bushes. The fire in the Barnadown district has also done a considerable amount of damage to pro perty. A word of praise is due to Mr. M. McCann, the Crown lands bailiff, who organised a band of fire fighters, and did good service in stopping the progress of the flames. Messrs. T. O'Rourke, Donnellan (2), Francis Keenan, J. Ryan, P. O'Rourke, Slattery (2), Brown, Tasman, Grogan, T. Lynch, Dunne, Valli and White rendered good service. On Friday morning about ten o'clock as Mr. and Mrs. Min nant were driving into Sandhurst they noticed smoke rising from the Crown lands near their property. The alarm was raised, and a number of the residents along the Sweeney and Axe Creeks at once set to work, and succeeded in staying the progress of the flames. On Saturday the fire again broke out on Mr. Robbins' property, and it was not until next morning that the neighbors managed to extinguish it. Mrs. Campbell's property was also endangered. This fire has resulted in about 700 or 800 acres of saplings in the Ellesmere and Axedale State forests being destroyed. A bush fire broke out in the vicinity of Kangaroo Creek on Friday morning at about ten o'clock. No habitations were affected, but 1,000 acres of grass, timber and fencing were more or less damaged before the fire, by the efforts of Mr. Fozard and several other residents, was extinguished. It is feared that the high wind of Saturday may have again started the flames. The fire which started in the Whipstick is still burning, and has extended to Mr. Kerr's place at Minto. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) Barnadown, 14th February I send you the following respecting the fire rear Barnadown, which may be interesting to some of your readers but painfully so to those who [are] immediately concerned. From what I could learn, the fire originated in Mr. A. O'Keefe's paddock situate on the Gunyah Creek. A boy was the first to observe it; some wood carters arrived shortly afterwards, and Mr. Connors, Mr. O'Keefe's overseer, was on the scene when there was but three or four acres in extent on fire. Their efforts to subdue it, how ever, were futile owing to a strong N.W. wind blowing at the time. Mr. Connors rode speedily to the homestead to muster as many men as possible and also to send information to neigh bours, but the wind was so strong,and the grass dry, and in a rung timbered paddock, so that the men's efforts were of no avail until the wind veered round to the south, which occurred about five o'clock. I arrived home about this time, and you will imagine my surprise when informed that the fire was so close if not already on my land. Summoning what aid I could and shouldering an axe, I speedily put in an appearance at the nearest point. I found about half a mile of log fencing in a mass of blaze, and only a chain road dividing my land, the wind then blowing direct towards it. I found two neighbors' sons and one of mine hard at it. I took in the situation at once and concentrated our efforts to throw down the log fence nearest where standing trees were, and although severely scorched fought the fire bravely. Messrs. Rehe, senr., and O'Loghlen and another of my sons then arrived with buckets. Fortunately we had water at hand, and by almost super human efforts managed to extinguish the fire on the dry trees standing nearest the line of fence, the wind at the time blowing half a gale, and which continued for about twenty-four hours. We had a lively time next morning, when a standing tree that was ignited so badly that there was no chance of felling it, commenced igniting others close by which were felled as soon as possible. My fence and paddock across the road caught scores of times, but by the united efforts of Messrs. Robinson, Rehe, O'Loghlen, and others, my property was saved. Had the fire crossed my land with the direction of the wind at the time, the fire must have been fed until it had met the other fire on the Murray road. My heart felt thanks are given to those who so nobly came to my rescue; they worked like Trojans, and continued it for two nights running. Ade laide Vale and Deehan Park estates have lost nearly the whole of the fencing, and by very great exertion saved the homesteads, the fire reaching the milking yard and extending right to the river flats. Mr. O'Keefe's engine-house near the river became ignited on Monday night and the fire was put out, but I learn that the engine and house has been completely burned since. From O'Keefe's to Slattery's Hotel the fences have been swept away almost completely on both sides of the road. The fire is still raging in the direction of the Sugar Loaf ranges and Kangaroo Creek — a strong northerly wind blowing. I am afraid the Axedale farmers will also have a bitter experience of this fire. I learn that Mr. Slattery, of the Ellesmere hotel, had a very narrow escape. Having some land on the Gunyah Creek, he was anxious to know how it was situated with regard to the fire, and in spite of the advice of friends,who assured him he would never return alive if he ventured through the fire, he persisted in going, and returned almost by a miracle, being almost suf focated and rendered unconscious by the heat of the fire. After surveying the scene of the fire to send you this report, I took a straight line for home, and through a distance of about six miles of country, that was subdivided into paddocks before the outbreak, I did not find the slightest obstruction in the way of fences, in fact they were swept away. At a rough calculation I should imagine that about 25 miles of fencing have been destroyed, besides several thousands of acres of acres [sic]. Mr. Connors has had to destroy 40 sheep belonging to Mr. A. O'Keefe, and 40 more I hear are badly scorched and burned. It is pitiable to see the poor animals hopping about. Hares are trotting about like so many domesti cated animals, not knowing whither to go, or fearing their foes. The fire near Goornong, across the Bendigo Creek, has been raging fiercely to-day. I hear it is near Mr. Streckfuss, senr's., and Bell's estate, and there is little chance of coping with it while the wind lasts. 5p.m. Still blowing hard. The fire is two miles from the Goornong station. Heathcote, 14th February. Several bush fires occurred in this neighbor hood during the past few days, one near the Mia Mia yesterday destroyed a large quantity of grass and fencing. Extensive fires to-day are raging near Costerfield. In several instances the fires are attributed to the igniting ot phosphorised wheat laid to poison rabbits; some fires were actually seen to start where, wheat had been laid, but were extinguished before they got well started. Ballarat, 15th February. The largest and most destructive bushfire ever remembered in this district broke out at the Mount Bute station, owned by Sir Samuel Wilson yesterday. It spread rapidly over that and adjacent properties, and is still burning. By latest accounts between 50,000 to 60,000 acres of grass, in addition to stock fencing, etc., have been destroyed. 