SPIRIT OF TrtE PRESS. The Gawler Bttnyip condemns the Govern ment for its want of action with regard to thejspazrow nuisance. The Areas1 Express remarks with truth that the multiplication of Acts of Parliament is wearisome and vexations. . The Terowie jE»fe»ymecomplains that" it appears to be quite impossible for trains to ron to time." But never mindj the railways arepaying. The Kapunda Herald gives a timely warning on the subject' of fires and the penalties following breaches of the Bushfires Acfc.,- ■ -* The: P.P.j Advocate says of Stanley- that, M he is a niheteetith cenfiiy newspaper" man with the willand work power of -a- demon and the thrillingpetfnf an angeli^ " The district' pf 'TofQ Adelaide," remarks the local Heme, " cbhfeuhs a small colony of irrepressible stngtei^Bxers.- The Port may be-proud of the eingle tax party, . . for Tthey are-all hoiw^able men.'" —'" ' " . The Border Watch - says that if- there are stilT works of on argent character that should be undertaken by the Australian Governments the money needed to. carry-'them out -should be borrowed in the respCctive colonies. Mr. W. H. Wilkinson, of, the. T.P. ■Advertiser, accuses his local contemporary— a church weekly—of making " a blackguardly attack" upon him in connection with his candidature for municipal honors.'' ... Writing .adversely to - the workingmen's blocksyBtem the Northern Argus says that "the. drastic attempts of some would-be political leaders to: settle'people dpismall' blocks anywhere but where they should he must necessarily prove a failure." Quiz holds Sir Samuel Davenport up to the public gaze as an honest, kindly- hearted gentleman, a hard-working pioneer whose heart is in his adopted land and whose fair fame has never been tarnished by tbe breath of suspicion. The Pioneer for November 14 contains the conclusion of an artide on the single tax by Mr. John N. Birks, in which that enthusiast in. the cause asoeuds' to poetical flights, and " My Intellectual Quickening," by tbe late Hugh Gilmore. "It is unfortunate," the Burnt Record says moral izingly, " for racing that^gambling seems so - inseparably; connected with it, 1 thotigh ind'jed it is said that oh cricket and football events heavy ■" books are sometimes made. Once thp gambling spirit gets bold of the ypung man his^powcoTftir steady plodding is gone.v i r TiurWallaroo Times says the. question of rearing pedigree wheat should be taken up earefully by our -jhrmers.. "It is not,", it remarks, a new subject in this colony, for who has nof heard of the choice grain grown in the southern districts by Messrs. Hallett and Frame f~. -The fame of the Monht Barker fbht was assured at the first London XtKnritipq." 