Love's Natural Death. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] CHAPTER I. BY 'CAREW.' 'Heathershaw was a splendid fellow to every one but his wife and family; the only good thing he ever did for them was to get smashed up in a railway accident. They live very comfortably on the compensation money and the interest of hiß life assurance' The speaker—a man of over 40, who carries himself with the indolence which stamps a well-to do bachelor—is John Waite, of Waits and Co., merchants, Flinders lane. Tall, well-developed, in tbe prime of life, he swings along through the St. K.lda Park with a smile (an odd mixture of amusement and sadness) on his lips. His com panion is obviously a new chum, for in early December he is already arrayed in a suit of the palest colour, the cut of whioh would alone pro claim him an ' Englisher,' He also wears a straw hat, which he takes off beneath a friendly pine tree. ' I admire the blue sky and that glimpse of sea; but it's really too hot,' he says. As he stands bareheaded, the face which he mops with * silk handkerchief is seen to bo well cut and fresh to look at, with clear hazel eyes beneath powerful brows, and a chin which indicates decision of character. Waite glances at him with a laugh. ' I told you it was too soon to put on a straw hat,' he says. ' Yon will probably go home in pouring rain and look an object.' ' Does it ever rain here ?' asks the man from England. . •Yes, often on bright hot north wind days,' replies th« other. 'The clerk of the weather looks out to see how many new chums have been tempted out in light clothes. Then if it is worth while he sends a deluge.' The new chnm's gaze wanders past the Saturday afternoon cricketers to the golden grass and dark patch where reeds and rushes wave among wattle and gum trees, near the railway embankment. The look of good nature and refinement on his face attracts Waite's attention. • I do not know whether I am wise in bringing this stripling of 25 near 'Stance,' he reflects. • Yet if she is going to fall in love with some one else it matterß little who introduces him. li she likes me it will not alter it, and if she does not, still it will not alter it.' ' The stripling,' unconscious of this philosophy, remarks: 'Well, about this Heather*what's-his-name?' • Oh, as I said, Heathershaw was a splendid fellow; when I used to go home with him as a lad, when his children were little, I thought him a model husband and father. He was awfully fond of them. Yet, as I said, the best thing he ever did for them was to get killed.' • Being his friend, you were no doubt in a posi tion to judge,' remarks the new chum dryly. ' Yes, I was. He seemed to me always to be in debt. I used to think it the wife's fault; she is a neuralgic woman who tells you about her old love affairs, but ever since his death she has managed really wel1. He was a good fellow, but excitable, easily led, sanguine, and despondent all at once.' They have passed the St Hilda railway station, and keeping on the shady side down Fitzroy street, then crossing, Waite points to a large white gate, saying: • That's the house.' ' She must indeed be a good manager, for, from what 1 hear of rents in this country, it takes some thing to rent a house like that,' remarks the Englishman. 'It's her own, left her by her father; she managed to save this; but her money all went in some glorious enterprise of poor old Heather show's.' The house is built in the Swiss style, and is Sainted cream colour, with gables and shutters of ull chocolate. As the two men walk up the path (whioh encircles a grassy enclosure where Mary lilies grow in rich confusion) Waite says, ' You with your English notions will probably be horrified at first. The girls are regular tomboys, but there is no harm in them; it is merely un limited animal spirits. 'Stance, the eldest, is—' (he pauses thoughtfully) 'my favourite. She is tall and slight, and has artistio tastes. I don't mean that she merely carries about a tin box full of colours. She sticks a single flower in just the right part of her dress, drapes a fold or ties a knot in a way of ber own; touches one with the gentle ness of an angel, and —sings like a man at a music hall.' Near the veranda he pauses, 'They are pro bably in the garden,' he says. ' Yes, that is her voice.' He leads the way to a lawn at the side of the house and again pauses. On the grass under an apple tree the new chum sees two white gowns, a pink one, and three pairs of neatly shod black stockinged feet. A fourth pair of feet are dangling from the apple branches. Waite makes a signal for silence. The wearer of one of the white frocks raises herself on her elbow. Sundry blades of trass adorn her uncovered head, and her slim gure, rising from the golden stalks in which she lies, looks not unlike one of the fair lilies close by. ' You girls quite spoil it,' she remarks; ' you must sing softly or not at all, now— . O, my darling, O, my darling, 0, my darling Clementine ; You are lost and gone for ever. .. Drefful sorry, Clementine.' ' Very good,' says a lazy voice from the' other white frock, and a shrill treble from the apple branches remarks sarcastically: • Yes, jolly good, and here are John Waite and the new chum who lives at the George listening to it all.' The new chum thus identified raises his hat and is led forward. 'So the lynx saw us. Well, I ought to have known that Mrs. Asmodeus would be on the lookout,' says Waito; then, turning to the slim white figure, ' 'Stance,' he says, * I nave brought Mr. Masters. Let me introduce him—Mr. Masters, Miss Heathershaw, Miss Jemima Heathershaw—those black objects dangling from the tree are the shoes of Miss Margaret Heather shaw'—-this, he adds in quite another tone, 'is Molly,' and stooping he raises a delicate fair face, framed in bright hair, and blushing above the pink frock. • How are you, Molly?' he says as he kisses her. Molly gives a timid hand to Masters and returns to an open book only temporarily deposed by ' Clementine.' The girl addressed as 'Stance has risen and bowed with an air of gracious welcome. ' Mother is having her usual afternoon rest in the drawing- room,' she says simply. 'We had better stay here till ahe awakes.' Constance Heathershaw is certainly tall and graceful in her white dress, unadorned save for an apple-green sash, which to-morrow may drape a drawing-room mirror. Masters, whose ideal woman has always been represented by a type of Bmooth- haired meekness, is fascinated by the disorder of her hair, which sticks out in every pos sible direction. It has apparently been piled tc form a cushion above her forehead and then a knob at the back of her head, but sundry nn disposed-of strands have yielded to the embrace of grass blades and curl in the breeze like young tendrils. ' She looks as if she had been dragged through a gooseberry bush,' thinks Masters ns he murmurs his pleasure at meeting her. Jemima has not risen, but has merely bowed her head in a large and generous manner. Sho is now leaning with her back against the apple tree. A fresh and vigorous girl, taller even than her sister, she is three times stouter; her dimpled chin only a shade less milk white than her throat; her large liquid blue eyes roll slowly from the grass to Masters's face. ' You were going to remark that it is warm,' she says affably. He had been about to make the remark. • Yes,' he replies, and the thought of his own inanity makes him laugh nervously. The girls are in their attitudes ot lazily graceful self- possession, save Margaret, who descends from the tree, fol lowed by a disreputable-looking magpie. In a pause which follows Masters overhears Molly say, ' Why don't you learn your lessons, Margaret ?' • I want to see where that red-haired girl with the white vest to her fawn dress is going. I can t make out where she lives. I think she must know the Sass boys well, because their dog wagged its tail at her on the pier yesterday,' and Margaret strolls away to resume investigations. ' What a hateful family,' thinks the new chum. By-and-by they go indoors and enter a large well-lighted drawing-room. Mrs. Heathershaw, in an attitude rendered graceful by long practice, reclines in a oane lounge. There are pictures, books, music, needlework, and flowers in the room; tall grasses and bulrushes lightly massed in comers, mirrors and Boarves distributed with taete. Masters is introduced to Mm. Heathershaw. 'What a nice house it would be,' he thinks, •but for the barbarians who live in it.' Ho finds that Waite (who seems muoh attached to Molly, and has gone off with her) intends remaining to tea. The elder gills go away together through the open door, Masters sees them carry ing dishes into the dining room opposite. He cannot decently frame an excuse for flight, so resigns himself to being left in the luy-soenied room with the mother of the barbarians. She talks of England, the England she knew thirty years before. ' The climate must have altered very muoh. It used to be lovely. I hear that it is cold now,' she says. He has to admit that recent winters have been oold. His private opinion is that the English climate is diabolical, but not for worlds would he admit it, when those girls who seem ooloesal masses of laughter and criticism may return at any moment. He is in imagination abusing Waite for having led him into so lengthy a visit, and starts on finding that Mrs. Heathershaw is telling him that he resembles a young man who thirty years before was madly in love with her. The massive Jemima has returned' and announced that tea is ready. They have a simple tee served in a manner with whioh no fault oan be found. When Waite tells him afterwards that the cakes and preserves were made by the Heathershaw girls, Masters thinks a shade less bitterly of them, then despises himself for it. He rails against them for the half hour that he and Waite spend on the pier before going into town to the theatre. ' What would you have had them do ?' asks his friend. 'Talk scandal? I tell you what it is, Masters,' he adds, ' you are so abominably pre judiced and insulting that you will end by falling head over ears in love with one of them.' Chapter 11. It is now moonlight. Vehioles are dashing past to the beach. Behind the trees in the long garden 'Stance Heathershaw stands, oblivious of the stream of life passing so close to her. For as long as she oan remember she has found happiness in waiting for Mcl Little. How many years is it since she knew ' the boy next door' ? She.is two and-twenty now, and she was six—yes, it was her sixth birthday when he first came into the garden. True, he had caused her a moment of terrible anxiety by putting Bundry portions of her doll's tea-set into nis mouth and declaring that he had swallowed them. But he hod been so kind after wards—had not laughed at her fears—that she had forgiven him, as to-day she would forgive Mcl anything. She cannot pioture her life without him. Together they have been in childish dis grace. As boy and girl they have sympathised with each other's shyness of strangers. When Mcl had his burst of fine frenzy and dramatic fire, it was 'Stance who sat in rapture under the apple tree and applauded his rendering of • How We Beat the Favourite,' and when her time came, and with her upturned hair and long dresses she developed a sentimental vein, it was to Mcl she admitted that she • longed with a savage longing' and would ' regret with a fierce regret.' It was then that she had first realised that Mcl was her ideal; that in all the love stories she read the hero stood to the fancied girl just as Mcl stood to her. She listened to Mel's difficulties and trials, rows at home and the titter insufficiency of his yearly salary compared with that of other clerks. Each week this boy and girl had met after service at Christ Church and had strolled round the esplanade before midday dinner. To this healthy high- spirited girl who takeß life so lightly the Sunday service has been particularly pleasing, perhaps because with all her apparent frivolity she iB right-minded; perhaps because she thinks, it is right for Mcl, in whom she fears a laok of orthodoxy. They cannot be considered engaged to each other, inasmuch as there never' having been a different feeling there has been no declara tion as a starting point. He has told her. hundreds of times that there is no other girl like her in the world, and that he could not live with out her. She does not know that in hiß wider circle there are people to whom her very name is unknown. To-night she is depressed. There has . been a tinge of constraint in Mel's manner for some days, and as he comes towards her and puts his hand upon her shoulder there is an unusual sadness in her face. They sit down upon a rustic seat under a magnolia tree. Her dress falls in soft folds to the grass; her slim hands lio loosely clasped in her lap. Mel's face wears a discon tented expression, and did 'Stance not care, so much for him she might trace a look of weakness round his unsmiling month. He leans back, wearily. ' How horrible these magnolias smell!' he Bays. She turns to him with a glance of dismayed astonishment. If he were to tell her that the neavens are black and the stars all gone she could not feel more surprised. The magnolias 'hor rible'! The flowers which for years they have „ loved for their fragrance! 'Horrible?'she repeats. •Yes, so sickly; so are the lilies, the air is heavy enough without them.' Mcl thrusts his feet out before him in tho long grass. Words fail her. At the house Jemima is playing a waltz. In time to the far-off melody r Stance is repeating to herself, ' Horrible—hor rible,' when Mcl says •I am going to live at Albert Park, I've had another row at home. It is+better to go away.' ' To go away ?' she repeats, ' Yes, I'm tired of being talked to. I hate having to be home at certain hours. I shall go into lodgings.' She is so silent that he adds, with some com punction :' I won't see so much of you, 'Stance, but you wont forget me?' ' You will forget me, Mel,' she replies. Hor heart beats fast with a longing to be contradicted. She looks steadily at him, his gaze falters, but he has recourse to man's readiest expedient, a kiss. 'I shall never feel any different to you, 'Stance,' he says; •I am not in the least changed to you.' (He punctuates with kisses.) ' I feel just as I have always done to yon.' • Yon will come in to see mother ?' says 'Stance *»t lost, rising to go indoors. •Notto-night,'no replies. 'Mrs. Heathershaw always condemns me and I know she would do so now.' " 'Stance offers no denial.: We had Mr. Waite here this afternoon;' She says. 'He brought a friend, a new chum who' lives at the George. He is bo nice looking.' 'Yes, not bod,' answers Mel. 'Has good English mode clothes, though.' Her attempt to rbtise his jealousy has failed. '* You will come again soon ?' she says. ' Yes, but I must go now; I have to paok, for-1 go on Monday.' ' Good-bye,' she whispers, raising her face. He brushes her cheek with his lips arid hurries off. She stands motionless. 'He just touched my check, not my lips I—he1 —he almost ran away—he said the magnolias Were horrible.' She lets her gaze wander round the garden—' and the lilies, too, yet he said he could never change to me. Perhaps it is hard for him at horne —his parents may forget that they were young onoe. I would put up with a great deal'rather than go away from near Mel— yet he said he could never change to me.' Indoors Mrs. Heathershaw is seated at the table knitting one of the delicate white shawls without which she is never, seen. Jemima has abandoned the piano to reprimand Margaret for her prying habits. 'If we had the chance ot making you a private detective I might, not feel, it my duty, to reprove you,' she says. 'As it is, I am tired of listening to your incessant remarks about other people's busi ness.' 'Btance enters from the,garden. ' What's up with Mcl ?' inquires Margaret, pay ing no respect whatever to hex elder's reprimand. * I noticed he looked gloomy, and this morning I heard him tell a carrier to call for a box oh Mon day.' • He is going into lodgings,' 'Stance answers, open'ng a workbasket and overhauling sundry pars of black stockings. ' Molly is in bed, Margaret; you had better go, too. Do you hear, child?' says Mrs. Heathershaw. The child affects unconsciousness of the sugges tion. ' Hear me my lessons, Mater,' she says pre sently with an avidity which betrays itself. 'No—go to bed, it is late. I don't know what my mother would have thought if I had stayed up till past 9 o'clook when I was 11 years old. I should never have dared to do such a thing.' Exit Margaret, pouting at missing the conversa tion which she knows is impending. Jomima, the maßßive, leans over her mother, and taking her slight chin between her dimpled hands kisses her. • Your mother would have thought,' she said, ' that you were the same as she used to be, and her mother would have thought that she was like what she used to be, and so on backwards. Eve was the only woman who wasn't able to say that she would never have dared to speak to her mother in such and such a way.' ' What is the matter with Mcl ?' inquires Mrs. Heathershaw. She usually affects indifference to Mel's presence or l>ehaviour, but to-night a cer tain dejection in 'Stance's manner excites her curiosity. \- ' 'Oh, another quarrel at home,' the girl replies. 'I am sorry he is going away,' remarks Mrs. Heathershaw, 'because it will make you think so muoh more' of him. I have never interfered with your meeting Mcl in the garden, because 1 know by experience that interference does more harm than good. When I was 18 there was a young man who was greatly attached to me. He went away and I used to think of him quite foolishly. When I saw him again I' thought him really plain, and I wrote a poem about him beginning— I used to think his balr was gold, •Ti» only red, I know.' ' If I had behaved like that when I was a girl I don't know what my mother would have said,' murmurs Jemima. Her mother ignores her remark, and continues: •I have always told you that Ido not care for Mel.' 'Stance raises her head. 'You need not look at me like that, child.', (Cries of' Order, order,' from the audaoiouß Jemima.)' Nevertheless I do not, say that you are not to see him, for that would probably encourage you to feel romantic, but I am sure that if you are let alone your liking for him will die a natural death. I have thought of letting you go away for a trip. When I was a girl and got romantic I was always sent away for a trip. I had trips from our place in Cornwall to London, to Scotland, to the Isle of Wight. But I don't fanoy that trips would alter you,' she says, looking critically at ncr daughter, ' No, answers 'Stance, 'in heaven or in Halifax I should never .forget' Mel.' A sqft thud is heard, and Jemima kneels at her mother's feet. • See how wasted 1 am,' she says. •I am con ' sumnd by love. I must go away. Nothing but a trip to Sydney in the yachting season can save me. You do not know him, mother; he comes to the back door. A poet has described him as " A Mongol who tends the cabbage and the leek."' She sees that 'Stance is leaving the room. 'Mother, hear my .prayer, she continues. 'Stance has' left the room. • I have no patience with her,' sayß Mrs. Heathershaw. •So it seems,' answers her nndutiful child. Springing lightly to her feet and collecting the scattered needlework she follows her sister. Chapter HI. About a. week later Masters finds himself with Waite at the public library among a crowd of .well-dressed people. It is the opening of the Students' exhibition of paintings. Waite has urged him to attend the. gathering as one which com bines art with an opportunity of seeing pretty girls. Above the feathers and flowers adorning ladies' heads, he oatches sight of paintings of drapery, bananas, jars, and herCj and there a subject picture. By-and-by amidst tho orowd he meets Stance Heathershaw. ' I hope I am to see some of your work,' ho says. An old scarf, a dish, and three bananas is hiß mental picture of her work. At this a voice replies: 1 Yes, she has an impressionist landscape.' It is the massive Jemima who speaks. Waite is looking at a small study opposite. ' That is clever,' says Masters; then he recognises the subject. It is Molly under the apple tree. 'It is beautiful,' he says to 'Stance. Masters falls into a reverie. Certainly the Australian girl can turn her hand to most things, he thinks. His thoughts are interrupted by Waite telling him tin t « he is going to take the girls to have strawberries j and cream. He is so old a friend that Masters *_ cannot cavil at the girls' acceptance of the invita- .i tion, but as they are leaving the building 'Stance meets a friend and after a brief conversation joins Jemima. ' That was Ella Francis,' she says; 'her sister is ill and she is nursing her, so I havo offered to ' take Ella's children to the beach.' She turns to Waite, who is inwardly anathema- ' tising the whole Francis family. ' I shan't be able to ruin you in refreshments to-day, John,' she Bays;' thank you all the same. Will you see me to the Brighton train ?' To the girls their father's friend is ' John,' to their mother by right of her own old friendship he is ' Jack.' Masters accom panies Jemima. ' Your sister is very good-natured,' ho remarks. ' Oh, I don't know,' replies Jemima. ' I think it is I who am good- natured, for I am going home. to battle single-handed with our own youngstCtsV" Other people's children are always easily managed ' by strangers.' In the train Masters is engrossed by specula tion as to the limit to the versatile talents of the Australian girl. At her mother's gate he is pre- Saring to say good-bye, but Jemima says with ignity: ' I can't part from you in the street; you must just come in and say ** How do you do ?" to mother, You may not oare a straw how she is, but^lijfe must do it.' JEI . A* * It is 7 o'clook. A gorgeous sunset fades across the sea. 'Stance returning from Brighton looks Eale and cold. All warmth and light seem to aye faded from her face and manner. ' Those Francis children must have tired you,' says Jemima with feeling, but 'Stance only passes silently upstairs. Masters having gone, Mrs. Heathershaw is free to raise her eyebrows and remark : ' She evidently knows.' Jemima pours out a cup of tea and hovers near the staircase; presently 'Stance erect and white descends. There is an awkward Bilence. 'You met Mel's mother, I suppose?' says Mrs. Heathershaw at last. ' She came here this after noon and told me.' 'Stance writhes. Jemima has always seemed what she has termed ' a good fellow,' but is always laughing. May she not now expand in deoper dimples at the absurdity of any one's grieving over Mel's perfidy ? Jemima, how ever, only lookß grave and gets near the door and finally slips away. 'Stance looks at her mother. ' You might have been a little kinder,' she says • wistfully,' and not have driven him away.' • Driven him away! Nonsense ! child. If he had chosen to engage himself to this other girl, he would have done so in any case. My aversion for , him—which I even tried to conceal —would hatjp' rather made him persevere. Hiß boyish liking for you has merely done what I always Baid it would do—died a natural death.' • A natural death,' moans poor 'Stance. She is alone in one of the gable rooms, has drawn the red ourtain aside and sits looking into the garden. In the starlight she sees the lilies nodding below. Mcl had said they were horrible; that was the last time that he spoke to her, not yet a fortnight ago. He had said that he could ' never change to her.' She sees it now. Ho had already ceased to lewe * her, so he knew that he could never love her lees. She is leaning on the sill, looking fixedly ahead. She will have to live there, in sight of his hom#» .-, will perhaps meet him with the girl he does lojQ^r For an instant she is filled with a desire to go away, to hide her stricken face, until she can force some brightness back to it; but she must not, for the people who thought she liked Mcl, that Mcl liked her, would talk. She must keep up her , laughter and her jokes, and worse, worse a thousandfold, her prayers. Yes, must sing as un falteringly, smile as peacefully, look at the sea afterwards as of old, and carry her desolatioaji home unseen. She is on her knees now, her otsMf cheek against the cold woodwork of the sill, the sea breeze upon her bowed head. She had kissed him, had kissed the lips which only brushed her cheek. A wave of scarlet floods her face. ' He might havo warned me that he did not care for me,' she says. Poor 'Stance, she has yet to learn that such information is about the lost that men ever have the courage to give. So on, hour after hour, and even when day dawns, she is still wrestling with difficult passages in love's natural death. 1 Chapter IT. • Yes,' says Jemima, ' I oonsent to accept an in vitation to the theatre; I do not mind a ton of Heathershaws being seen there, but as a rule I will not be one of a whole family going out.' Waite assumes an air of resignation. ' When I invited you I did so under the impression that it was a mere matter of politeness. I counted on your general objection to being one of a whole family,' he says. They are on the veranda, Jemima idly swinging a large fan. Masters is present, and thinking that for unaffected whole some enjoyment of idleness no one surpasses the Australian girl in repose. There is a step on the vernnda behind, and Masters turning sees 'Stance. Her eyes seem to have lost their blueness, to be pale-gray; her lips are no longer vivid, and contract as if to avoid trembling. He tells himself that her trouble can be no domestic one, for her mother and Bisters seemed unaffected by it. She is totally unlike tbe girl he met three months ago, and his curiosity is fully aroused. ' She began to alter tho day of the pictures,' he thinks. Ho is annoyed with the joyous Jemima for her joyousness, und finds con solation in going with Molly to see her garden. The child has soft little ways which please him. On Master's return to the vorandn Margnr, t is holding forth with animation. ' I saw Mel,' she begins. 'He was bringing his girl to tea nt hiß mother's; you can see them in the garden if you look over the fence, 'Stance.' A quiver passes the girl's faoe. Masters knows now that this Mcl (whoever he is) has been the cause of the change in 'Stanoe. Jemima, with the agility of a panther, pounces on Margaret. • You haven't dusted your room to-day,' the says, and bears her off the scene, followed by 'Stance and Molly. •Is Mcl engaged, then ?' inquires Waito with well-assumed carelessness. Mrs. Heathershaw nods. Waite feels distinctly joyful, for there has long been an understanding between him and Mrs. Heathershaw that when love's natural death is over he is to declare himsolf to 'Stance. On the evening that he and Waite escort tho ladies to tho theatre Masters has a feeling of prido in their appearance, a desiro to crush the lonua cious Jemima being the only alloy in tho gold of his pleasure. Mrs. Heathershaw is dressed in black. Jemima and her sister are dressed in long loose AUSTRALIAN TYPES. On the Wallaby. Thb Midday Rest. H.M.S. HOOD— Tm Largest British Ironclad. TBE FIG-TREE CAVE, CHILLAGOE, NORTH QUEENSLAND. BOUND TBE CAMP FIBE—A Moretop Bay Oystku Party, white dresses, their hair piled in picturesque dis order. Masters watohes and guesses that she is thinking of the ' other fellow.' Her thin white arm rests upon the plush cushion in front of her. Masterß's gaze wanders from it to her throat, then to her lips—her whole face. How white she ia. In a mirror opposite he sees re flected a young man and a girl. Masters lookß at 'Stance. Her fascinated eyea turn frequently from the stage to the reflections in the mirror. Thus she sees JCel for the first time in three months. She has lived through Christmas and the New Year without his greeting; by turning with almost guilty haste at sight of a figure whioh recalls his she-has avoided meeting him. She cannot now help looking at the girl who has sup planted her. The bright eyes and vivid cheeks, the timid air of possession, ought to be hers. Sitting there oblivious to the stage in front, the laughter round her, she looks at her own happi ness which has been given to some one else. As Bhe rises at the end of the performance Mastere helps her with her cloak—a long cashmere affair, quilted and hooded with white silk. ' How pretty it is,' he says. ' I made it out of my confirmation dresß,' she answers. What a train of thought it brings! How Mcl watched her making it; how often has he put it on her shoulders before going out. 'Stance comes back to the present to find Masters holding her cloak on the Bijou stairs, 'I have never wanted trips before, mother, but I must go away now,' she says an hour later. Mrs. Heathershaw frowns; she does not know how Waite will approve. If 'Stance's heart is to be oaught at the rebound Waite ought to be near enough to catch it. 11 am hardly prepared for the expense of a Sydney trip,' she begins. . 'It need not be much expense ; I should like to go to Burra to stay with the Georges.' 'Go to Burra to. stay with the Georges! Why, ohild, there's not a young man for miles,' ex claims her mother, whose only idea of trips con sists of the substitution of one young man for another. • ' ' I shall not mind that,' replies 'Stance. If I could take Molly she would be company, and it would do her good.' ■ 11 don't quite like your visiting that olass of people.' The thought which prompts the remark is, ' Would Jack Waite care about his wife having st yed with farmers?' ' You used to take us thereon visits when we were babies,' cries 'Stance.- Here Jeminr^terposes. ' Now, it you two are going to nl temper I'll never take you to the theatre again. ,I have often noticed that if ever you have any^'fktra gaiety I am made to Buffer for it.' '•*":' . She places .Tier mother in a low chaw and un fastens her still abundant hair. ' The Georges are a nice couple,-shecensarks, * and you had better let 'Stance go? • ' • Mrs. Heathifrshew, contemplating the reflection of her face, the fascinations of which once gave her so many trips, answers, 'Very well, 'Stance, you may go \fith Molly whenever you like.' To herself she thinks, ' If she gets very lonely at Burra she will be glad to remember Jack Waite.' Chapter V, The sunset} tints are rosy on the trees as the train plunges.into the fair Gippsland country. 'Stance smiles as they steam into the little station at Burra, George is waiting for them with the express waggon. He is a middle-aged, clean shaven, sunburnt fellow, beaming with pleasure in the awkwardness of his Sunday clothes. He says, 'Welcome, Missy,' to the elder girl, and lifts Molly out bodily as if she were still the baby of her former visit. Having stowed the luggage behind, he hands the girls into the trap and away they go through the blue of bush fire smoke. George tells them that his wife is well. She's washed both the dogs, made 'em look lovely, blued 'em too.' 'Stanoe asks after the boat and the cows, and comments on the horse's sleek appearance. ; Tom's alljmhsHkr. swings me over with the milk for the first trabV.eNrery morning; knows all the ruts now.} V They creep slowly up the hill, where the bracken is golden andzhe tided dogwood blossom yellow on the trees, j . They seem to have raced the light, for they can scarcely see tfe white flowers in the little square garden throufh whioh Mrs. George leads them. George drivesjround the beck way, while his wife takes the viators to their room. She is a big woman with a ready smile. The spare room is cool and darkj as so many bush houses of wattle and daub are! the double bed has muslin curtains, and muslin ia^tretohed across the window. ' We don't Want you to be ate up by mosquitos,' says Mrß. Geqrge. Some looseiroses from the saffrans bush in the garden are of the dressing table; the girls smile gratefully. I •How nice; it looks,' says 'Stanoe; and Molly' exclaims, ' Ob, I do like the country.' Tea is laid In the parlour, where George is try ing to restrain two shrill voiced fox terriers. Mrs. George is bustling round the tea table. • There's ham and there's new eggs,' she begins. ' They'll have both,' interrupts George. ' You must have tea with us,' says 'Stance. 'But you're grown up now, Missy,' exclaims George. •You surely won't make strangers of your visitors,' answers 'Stance. Mrs. George, who is not in the least surprised, the protest being a time-honoured oustom, seats hersolf opposite the teapot. Molly's eyes glisten with enjoyment as she sees the home-made bread and butter, the cake and jelly, the rosy late Seaohes with their autumn tints, and the stewed arasons with a pyramid of cream. She tells George that she has brought some counters and is going to teach him suoh a nice game called " Flip," and that 'Stanoe will sing a funny song. ' And is the young gentleman quite well ?' Mrs. George inquires. 'Stance flushes, 'Which one?' she asks. • Why, Missy, that sounds bad; there used never to be but one, to yoa, when you've been here before, or wfe've called at your ma's—Mr. Mcl of course.' i 'Stanoe answers calmly,' Ha is well, I think. I saw him the other night at the theatre with a young lady.' t ' Never, crfea George with unlifted knife and fork, Mrs. George frowns at him. ' I suppose you have many new friends, now you are what is called " hou!," ' she says with dignity. 'Stance thinks 'they will talk together and wonder, but they are kind and will not pester me.' So afterwards she sings'her * funny song,' though there is real feeling in her voioe when she comes to ' you are hist and gone for ever.' But George laughs heartily at 'drefful sorry, Clementine.' 'Stance is surprised to find how much she thinks of Masters; it must bo because sho sang that song tho first time that sho saw him, on the day that Mcl told her that he could never chango to her. Molly introduces tho game of flip. Having distributed the red nnd whito counters sho loans eagerly over the tabic, hor bright hair falling round her, her tonguo unconsciously thrust out us she flips one counter with another. She assures George that it is 'a very fashionable game,' and he says that he is glad of that, that he and ' the missus' can be in fashion every night if they like now. Well, it is a simple evening, the homely but oomfortable room brightened by the kerosine lamp whioh shows the pictures (supplements from Christmas numbers) on the walls, the brown jar in the wide old-fashioned fireplace full of climb ing fern from the river below. 'Stance baa oome here to forget, and surely she may be at peace. Yes, if she does not remember that Mcl once came here to fish and brought back ferns and flowering reeds. Chapter VI. It is Saturday afternoon. The heat, which has been intense, has driven 'Stance to the water at the foot of the hill. Mrs. George has produced a box of her own childish treasures long laid by in lavender. Molly aits on the floor of her bedroom making a dress for a doll, whose present costume is some thirty-five years out of date. 'Stance, as she kneels with turned-back skirt upon the slab staging and bales out the flat bottomed boat with a jam tin, suddenly through the haze of bush-fire smoke sees Masters ad vancing. Rising she extends her disengaged hand. ' You have not oome to tell me that any thing is wrong,' she says. ' Nothing is wrong; they are all well. I have never seen anything of the oountry, or .as you call it the " bush." I am in the township beoause I am wanted to supply a design for a new hall.' I thought I would oome to see this re markable swamp. I went to the house, my friend Molly introduced me to Mrs. George, then I came to find you. ' You were going for a row ?' he asks. ' A paddle or a punt,' she returns. «Would it—would you—that is, might I go with you?' 'Stance hesitates, and looks across the expanse of ti-tree where shadows gather. Bhe gives Masters her hand along the little staging, and takes her seat opposite to him. ' You must poke behind as a start, then paddle eaoh side-,' she ex- Slams. Through the tall ti-tree and the rushes lie boat shoots. 'It is bard work against stream,' she says. He only nods; he is thinking that no place could be more charming than this swamp, for there is no bank upon which passers-by may Watch. When he turns from the cleared space into the stream the current is so strong that, unaccus tomed to the mode of steering, he finds himself sigsagging from one bunch of rushes to another. Finally the boat swings round and drifts until stopped by a barrier of a fallen tree. •We had better stay here, then if Mrs. George or Molly oome to look for me they oan see us,' says 'Stance. • Yes, that is a good idea,' answers Masters, who really thinks it a very bad one. •So they ait in the sunset, with only a few gleams of colour breaking through the gray of smoke, the tall sage-green swamp grass with its bronzed tasselled seed above, the water lapping below. Masters leans forward and feasts his eyes upon her face. By-and-bye he ptm*B back to the staging, and they go ashore. The landscape is rich in gradations of purple grays, a beautiful melancholy enfolds them as they asoend the hill. How fine a thing it is to be young and to have the power of suffering! • I am sure any friend of Miss Heathershaw's is always welcome in my house,' says Mrs. George with dignity, ' and if you'll please stay to tea we shall be honoured.' Masters in hiß love of research has presented himself at the Georges' on the Sunday afternoon. •I really want to investigate that remarkable swamp,' he says apologetically. The care with which he combats any suspicion of another object causes Mrs. George to smile. She is glad to see that Miss 'Stance has a 'beau,' though curious to know the truth about Mel. •You ought to take the gentleman to the bridge,' she suggests. 'Stance fetches her own and Molly's straw hats. 'He is very kind. I suppose John told him to try and cheer me,' she thinks, unaware that even John's good nature has a limit. The two fox-terriers accompany them and lead Molly a rather exhausting chase, by retiring into the scrub and barking as If in urgent need of immediate deliverance from a powerful enemy. The ohild keeps on'protesting that she will not be again deceived, ana then dashes off as their cries recur. Masters tells 'Stance of dogs he knew in England, whioh leads up to the owners of these dogs, and incidents connected with members of his family. She listens with polite interest, solely because she wishes to make this ' stranger in a strange land' feel less forlorn. Arriving at the bridge which connects George's. land with a small island in the swamp they sit down under a lightwood tree. Rising in a little while 'Stance goes to the water's edge and tries to gather some ferns. Masters goes to her aid; she protests, and stretching to arm's length slips into the ti-tree. He is compelled to offer his hand to guide her ashore, and for many seconds forgets to resign it. The idea of returning to the house and chatting with Mrs. George does not attraot him; strange as it may seem he feels most in sympathy with the girl when alone with her. He therefore remembers that he has, ever since his arrival in the colony, cherished a desire to see a wild cherry tree. 'Stance remembers that there is a fine specimen of one about half a mile across the hill. Molly, still in constant pursuit of the dogs, is frequently off after maiden hair fern, or vivid leaves from young saplings. ' Molly is very like what you must have been,' says Masters. 'Yes, I believe so;' then a shade falls across 'Stance's bright face, and .he calls himself a fool for having reminded her of her childhood and the other fool who shared it. ' Wild cherries are not in season now,' he says, after a pause. ' Where is the wild cherry tree ?' 'Oh, we have passed it. I forgot all about it,' she answers. By which it will be seen that as a companion to insure forgetfulness Masters could hardly have been surpassed. Chapter VII. 'Stance is sitting under a lightwood tree in the garden, reading a letter from Jemima. It is a week Bince she and Masters lounged through that sunny afternoon together. Jemima's letter gives 'Stance a picture of home, and according to the writer's modest statement a journal superior in style to that of Marie Bash kirtsoy : • This is the first true journal of a woman's life. lam beautiful. I know it. Other women know it, but are not generous enough to admit it. There is no doubt that by squeezing (first admission of that sort) I can get my foot into a shoe two sizes smaller than any woman of my height, The lace on my dressing jacket falls back and shows my round whito arm; no, I will be truthful; it is not white, but creamy pink, with a bluo-blooded tinge. The laco of which I have spoken belongs to my absent sister. I will bo deceitful in nothing, I took it off her spring hat, and will replace it before she returns As I took it I Baid, " Oh, heaven! aid me to put it on again the same way."' 'Stance in turning the page looks up with a smile which does not grow fainter as Masters comes towards her. In order not to disturb Molly (who has fallen asleep on the grass) they move a little distance to a vine-covered trellis, where there is a seat and a few sun-dried grapes. • George has gone to the station with the milk, Mrs. George is in the dairy,' 'Stance tell him. ' Don't let me be an interruption,' he answers kindly. ' I thought if you happened to be going back to-night we might—that is, as I am going, I might be of service with the luggage.' • We are not going until to-morrow,' she replies. She wishes now that her box was packed to go suddenly. ' There is less sadness in going sud denly,' she tells herself. She is leaning lazily back, when she sees some thing moving along the path. In a second she ia on her feet, and has grasped Masters's arm. ' A snake'l'-she whispers. Then her tongue cleaves to the root of her month, for that dark something has crawled on to the grass where Molly lies. 'Do not make a sound. Do not wake her,' Masters whispers, but looking in 'Stance's agonised eyes, be shudders, for Molly, unconscious of danger, is awake leaning on her elbow. Perhaps their faces startle her, perhaps some instinct warns her, for she looks down and is riveted to the spot by terror, for there on the gross which her weight bos crushed is the snake. Masters has no bushman's impulse to seize a weapon; no thought but one of rescue. He makes one long stride forward, seeing only the child's white face and fasoinated eyes; then quick as a flash, quicker than the snake, he stoops and with the self-for getting madness of a man who thinks only of the helplessness of a child, snatches the reptile in his bare hand. 'Stance seises her sister in her arms and groans aloud, for Masters has fallen back with a cry. ' It has bitten you,' she says with dry lips. ' He cannot do more than bow his head; he is no ooward—but to die like this ! ' Come,' says 'Stance. She has taken tight hold of his sleeve and ia pulling him along. She has dragged him with the swiftness of despair into the absent George's room, hsa tied his finger tightly, has picked up George s razor, and her eyes gleam hard and bright. • You must not stop me,' she says, taking his hand, whioh he tries to withdraw. ' Molly, go and find Mrs. George,' she . says to one ohild. Bhe puts Masters's hand upon a table, his anger with the faint puncture upwards. She places her left hand firmly upon his finger tip, and unflinchingly with the sharp blade cuts out the flesh between the cords. There is blood on her dress, blood on her lip where her teeth have bitten it through, but she is still strong. With but feeble help from terrified Mrs. George she swathes his hand in bandages and forces brandy between his teeth. He is a heavier weight to pull and seems to give up all desire to make an effort to aid her in her attempt to save him. With her hair about her white face, her arm tight in his, she marches along the track, talking rapidly, telling him that her cruelty may have been un necessary, that his disfigurement may have been needless, the snake may not have been venomous, that in any case he need have no fear now. She carries the bottle of brandy; she forces him to take what would ordinarily render a man helpless, and it has no effect upon him. This she knows to be a sign of its necessity. The smart trot of Tom's hoofs on the hard track brings hope to her agonised mind. ' For a moment she has feared that Masters may die here before her eyes. She allows George no time for explanation. She has made him force Masters into the cart, and has with her own hands hurled the empty milk cans out into the scrub. She sits by Masters shaking him vigorously as George, standing up, urges the horse to its utmost. Bareheaded, heedless of anything save that Master's life must be saved, she stands waiting for the goods train which has been signalled to Eull np. There are plenty of willing men to goto bof help to George, but she Bays,' I did it, I must not leave him.' In the van she marches with him to and fro. Will she ever forget that van ? Even the fowls in the orate on tbe floor, the lamp-rack where once in a spasm of terror she halts a second, the different coloured flags, the anxious interested faoe of the guard leaning over the greasy brake, seem photographed for ever on her brain. Wilt she ever forget the crowd whioh gathers (Heaven knows from where) at the little station, the rattle of the buggy in which they whirl to the doctor's, or the prayer she murmurs that he may not have been called elsewhere? Will she ever forget the agony of the moment when she gazes in the doctor's faoe? And will she ever think dearly or see aught but a swarm of faces whioh have no meaning as they crowd round her, until she stretches her arms out to push away the wall which has come so close to orash her? George has her hands and is telling her that Masters will be ' all right.' Bhe looks at the sun-dried red Eatches on her white dress and shudders, pushes ack her disordered hair, feels a tightening sickening sensation at her throat, and slips quietly from George's hold to the oarpet at his Chapter VIII. With the rain which followed the week of heat the summer seems to havo died. The Virginia creeper over the house next door (where Mcl lived for so long) is rich in russet tints. 'Stance has not seen Masters since their return from Burra. She is sitting in the bay window of the dining room now, alone for a wonder, when Masters comeß in. She fears that if she thanks him for saving Molly he will -thank her for saving him. This causes her to be embarrassed. 'I had letters from home to-day,' he says at last, drawing an envelope from his pocket. Then a frightful thought crosses her mind. The worst happens before she oan realise it. With no mention of the danger they braved together, he is pouring out a tale of love. He admits that he did not like her at first, then that he had honestly thought it was not love but' —— He pauses, and she answers, ' But pity. Yes, it was pity. You knew that I had no love to give you. You know it now, but you are misled by the trouble we went through together.' • No, I lovo you—shall always love.' Then with a confidence which hardens her heart, he adds, • You love me, 'Stance. When we sat in the boat together, when we walked through the bush—you may not have known it, but you loved me then.' This is too muoh; in sight of Mel's home, on the very scene of her suffering over Mcl, this stranger dares to Bay that she loves him! She rises. ' You are wrong. I liked being with you because you helped me to forget some one else, but I do not love you.' 1 You have not been fair to me,' he answers. ' You led me to think that if I asked you to be my wife you would consent. Still you may not have meant it. I deceived mysolf by thinking I did not love you. When I thought over it after I dis covered that I did I fancied that you also cared for me. I have no doubt of my love for you. I knew it in a flash—tho moment that I saw Molly's danger; the thought of any one you loved being hurt' He checks himself, and her eyes fall upon hi bandaged hand. ' If my gratitude will suffice, if you will be con tent with that and my respect, I will try to make' you happy, for I can never forget that to you I owe my Bister'a life.' Lines of pain furrow his face. 'Ah! You evi dently do not love me, or you could not think I could consent to claim you for that reason.' He turns to leave her, and a feeling that she cannot fathom makes her ask : ' Will you go away ?' He answers quickly: • No; I shall not he likely to meet you. True, I have met you at every turn lately, but that was because I wanted to. I will not trouble you. It is easy to avoid a person even in tbe same place.' She knows that; has she not seen Mcl only once in six months! In the hall Masters meets Jemima. ' 'Stance does not care for me, so I must say good-bye to this house,' he says straightforwardly, and so fra ternal is her sympathetic handshake that he almost adds' old man.' So it is all over. He goes to the end of the pier and looks back upon his dream. Waite has not been happy in the resulto* 'Siance's trip to Burra. A week after Masters's- disappoint ment, when Waite suggests that they should! • drop in' to inquire after the ladies- ana' the new chum says that he is ' too busy,' the philosopher becomes a commonplace lover tomnntted by jealousy. He is fond of little Molly for her deadl father's sake, yet a good deal for 'Stance'n; it is> so difficult to analyse the degrees of liking for a sweetheart's sister. He calls for Molly lato onw afternoon and takes her for a walk to the Bluff.- The child says: ' 'Stance was very quiet before we went ■ to Burra, but though she was quiet up there' she seemed happy. She used to go in the' boat with Mr. Masters. She seemed to Tike it, and' he saved me from the snake, and now that he doesn't come it seems nasty.' To Waite it has not seemed at all' nasty.' He answers: ' Well, Molly,-1 am afraid that I cannot help you.' The ohild replies with conviction: ' Oh, yes, you oan. You oan bring him to tea like yoa did the first day. 'Stanoe oould make some hot cakes for tea and we could play, " How, when, and where.'" Waite is obliged to shake his head at this tempting offer. • You see, Mr. Masters is not a little boy,' he says. • He's big enough to go out to tea alone. Perhaps he does not want to oome.' He says this in the hope that the ohild will accept the idea as final. • I'm sure he wants to come, only he does not like to without being asked,' she replies, Waite here begins to realise that a child of 9 is hardly a companion for a man of 40, and he therefore thinks it time to return home. Chapter IX. The 6 o'clock train has disgorged its stream of passengers. Among them is Masters, As he passes the boards upon whioh current numbers of papers are displayed he becomes conscious oft some one at hiß side, and looking down meets the' glance of just such a pair of eyes as those of which* he is thinking. How like 'Stance Molly is! He1 recognises 'Stance's taste in her dress, in the knot' of scarlet in her hat, the dash of colour in the1 velvet muff suspended round her neck. He is proud of the child's appearance, which though timid is attractive and well-bred. Her voice is tremulous, her cheeks are flushed, as pushing back her mane of tawny hair she says: ' I want to speak to you.' * He holds her hand and says gently: • Yes, dear, tell me what it is.' Molly raises her face eagerly. 'We miss you at home. We want you to come back again.' What a gentle little face hers is! If he had known 'Stance at this age, how he would as a boy have loved her. His devotion would havo won her love. As it is some one else won it, and flung it away. ' Who misses me ?' he aaks. He holds her hand and they walk together. •Mother and I and Jemima and Margaret.' ' Yes; any one else ?' he inquires. 11 know that 'Stance must miss you though she hasn't said so. So I thought I'd come and ask you to tea.' • Did you oome on purpose ?' he asks.** • Yes, Margaret said you came at this time.' ' You are a good little soul, Molly, but I'm afraid that I can't oome to-night.' He leads her to her mother's gate; the house looks warmand snug, closed for the night. How shapes the picture within ? Is there a tinge of sadness on 'Stance's faoe for his sake ? ' I must not keep yott out in the oold, but thank you, Molly,' he says as he kisses her. She is too dis appointed to reply, and sobs as Jemima opens tho door to her. In the dining- room she flings her arms round her sister and cries aloud: 1 He wouldn't come to tea.' A It is a fortnight later, and no further remarks * have been made about Masters. All table con versation is monopolised by Margaret in descrip tion of Mel's approaching marriage. ' His father has been in a great rage, but he had to givo in. There are to be three bridesmaids. Are you going to give them a present, mater?' ' Certainly not,' replies Jemima, ' they a*e marrying without my consent;' but 'Stanco inter poses: ' Yes we ought certainly to give Mcl a present.' So it has come to this, that she finds herself dis cussing the merits of biscuit barrel versus pickle jar as a token. That her trip to Burra was not altogether successful is evident on the afternoon previous to Mel's wedding day, for alono and supremely miserable she wanders along the sea shore in the wintry dusk, not the sea where nursemaids and castle-building ohildren aro wont to congregate, nor the sea above which stands the church where girls are busy twining wreaths and banging garlands in honour of Mel's bride, but the grass-grown cliff above the bluff. Returning she passes a boatman who stands looking sea war a She has known 'Old Bolus' by Bight all her life, and is not astonished when he addresses her. ' There's two young fellows gone off in a boat, an' I'm thinkin' they'll be sorry fur it.' ' Young men are so foolish, they seem to like running risks,' 'Stance answers with the grave wisdom of sorrow. ' It's Jenks, him as lives at the George and swaggers round a deal in brass buttons, as is out to-day,' Baid Bolus. 'He hasn't much savoy, hasn't Jenks, but (he adds apologetioally) p'raps you know Mr. Jonks.' • No, 'Stanco doos not know Mr. Jenks, even by namo.' ' Mind you, Miss,' continues Bolus. ' Tho best of chaps in a boat don't always turn up with their 4 boats. Now, thero was my old mate Ben. Do you *■ see that little 'ouse next to tho one wi' a flag pole well, hiß widder lives there —'rouse me, Miss, thet's my ole woman's woice.' In the doorway of the house built on the sand appears a muscular figure adorned with a canvas apron. There is authority in her uplifted arm, and 'Stance, with a nod at Bolus, says' Good bye.' She looks back at Ben's widow's cottage. How her heart would beat if any one she cares for were out upon the sea now. But there is no one whom she cares for. Mcl has not gone out of her life that way. Climbing through the sand on to the esplanade she recognises in a Wind-tossed re which approaches a girl Who knew her and together. 'Stance raises her head and laUghs, 1 Isn't it grand out ? I've had a splendid walk.' •Itis a little too rough for me. Oh, 'Stance, we're frightfully busy decking tho church, we haven't nearly done; I'm going home for more green stuff; 1 wish you would help;' then she checks herself with a blush. ' Yes, I will help,' answers 'Stance. She will dot let this girl, who knew her with Mcl, go back to the others and say even in kindness,' • Poor 'Stance Heathershaw.' No one shall pity her; A little further on she passes a group of young men; they are discussing the folly of Jenks having taken out his boat in such weather. With her head well up she is composing a speech to make as she enters the church. The gas will be alight, and she will see Mcl at onoe (for she guesses by the.guTs embarrassment that Mcl is there). She will go forward and say,' I thought I would like to put some flowers in your path, Mel.' She is saying it over and over when some one overtaking her touches her shoulder. It is Waite, and his face wears an expression of anxiety. •I am going to help to deck the church for Mel's wedding,' she says. •It seems as if they would have a wild day to morrow,' he answers, and adds,' What madness to take a boat out in such weather.' She laughs. ' What are you talking about ? Oh! that dreadful Jenks; why are young men so foolish?' Waite is silent. Does she not know that Jenks has a companion, or ie she hiding her real feel ings? As they turn up the street Margaret runs into them. 'I'm going to the pier to see if I Can hear any thing about Mr. Masters,' she says, 'but I expect he's drowned, because Bolus said the boat couldn't live in suoh a sea.' Waite looks at 'Stanoe. She is not heartless then. Her face is very white, and her figure sways in the fierce wind, for like a blow dealt by the storm has Come to her a realisation that drives Mcl sheer out of her mind, a realisation that there is some one whom she cares for out upon the sea. ' John, take me home,' she says, ' I cannot think of weddings now.' He draws her arm through his, and knows for the first time the Utter hopelessness of his own loVe> iiiiii.ii It is late the next evening. 'Stance in her dwn room is facing the position. She tells nerself that because Mcl is married she being • a proper minded woman' forgets him, and having nothing else to think of naturally remembers Masters; then because the wind is howling and the sea angry she feels anxious, for did he not save Molly's life? How h*ppt they had been at Burra sitting together in the did boat in the sunshine I Now again he is In a boat—yet is he ? or is that boat empty upon an angry sea? Waite has come. He tells her that the Water Police have been out but have found no trace of the boat. The wind has changed, so then when urged by Molly to take them to the pier Waite leads the two girls out. The- gusty sea air makes them cling together in breathless silence. The stragglers talk only of the missing men, of the luckless Jenks. 'Stanoe thinks nothing is so selfish as sorrow. She overhears scraps of conversation about sharks and boating disasters. Bhe does not feel the bitterness Of wind or spray. She never •Yen remembers Mcl and his bride. Her thoughts are at Burra. She had pretended then that the pleasure of Masters's presence .had feeefi the fSr ietfulneftß he brought df Mcl; The spray upon her fail* is salt; it is not tears, for she sheds hone, How wet his faoe must be. She walks •not, her head raised to the dark sky. Waite stands by her and holds her hand at parting. 'If Masters comes baok you will not send him away again,' he says. She inclines her head, and answers: ' He will not come back.' ' It was a natural death, then,' Waite continues with something of his old irony. His words are irrelevant, but she understands. 'So natural that I did not know that it had died,' she says as if to herself. 1 'Stance does not cry,' says Molly, whose faoe is unrecognisable for tears. 'No, Bhe does-not cry,' answers Waite, and pacing his room hour after hour he adds, ' She does not cry; she is past crying.' He is awakened by tbe boots at 8 o'olook next morning. ' A telegram, sir. You was so anxious about Mr. Masters that I thought it might be from him, and important.' It is Certainly Important to Waite, for its few words rob him of 'Stance Heather thaw. ' Beaten in Aohnapper Point Return by train.' He tells himself that it is fate, but finds ureaty Consolation in the philosophy. He sends Wofd to Mrs. Heathershaw of Masters's safety; 'Stance's joy he will not witness. When Masters returns at midday Waite merely remarks: 'You beggar, what a dance you've" been leading toe!' . . Masters has a great deal to say. He has been Cold, hungry) and 'Yes, I own it, frightened. Nothing but the faot that Jenks and I w<.re not Meant to be drowned saved us.' W&ite; looks at him. ' That fool, Mcl, of whom you've heard, was married yesterday, and 'Stanoe Heathershaw was so distracted' —Masters raises hiß hand with a warning gesture—'dis tracted because a man named Jenks was at sea in rough weather, that Bhe forgot all about the wedding!' ' What are you talking about ?' says Masters. • If Molly should ask you to tea you'd better go. I don't tell you for your own sake, but for 'Stance's, because I—was her father's friend.' 