THE NATURALIST. IN THE BIG SCRUB. By A. J. Campbell, F.L.S. VIA L1SM0RE Five and thirty miles from Tabulam we reach Casino. There is nothing singularly striking about Casino, but I shall never forget one or two splendid jacaranda trees I saw in private gardens arrayed in clusters of Howers of lichest lavender. Casino is on the Richmond River, a river, we often notice mentioned in the telegraphic IN THE BIG SCRUB. columns as being 40ft. or 50ft. above ordinary level, when tropical rains flood it. And one can well believe the reports, judging by the ap pearance of its deep well-worn banks. A final stage of 18 miles through slightly undulating open forest country, with usual wayside farms, brings us at half-past 4 p.m. to Lismore, the headquarters of the Big Scrub. The road into Lismore is in bad repair, more noticeable to us because the horses were pushed before a gathering thunderstorm, which broke with great violence just after we had reached our hotel. Subsequently we learnt that during the same storm at Casino—the township we last left—the lightning had struck a team of 10 bullocks, killing nine dead on the spot. I have time now to rellect upon my cross country drive from Tenterlield to Lismore, a total of 105 miles. It was remarkable in the sense that you never could ascertain who was likely to be your driver for the next stage, or what the fare would be. We changed coaches three times, and had no less than six drivers. Lismore is situated on the left bank of the North Richmond River, where it is joined by Wilson's Creek. Coming from Casino a kind of double bridge is entered, first across the river, then across the creek. In the river may he seen rafts of pine logs chained together ; broadside on and moored against the banks j for hundreds of yards. The timber has been floated down from the upper reaches and awaits shipment. Lismore lies in a hollow, en tirely surrounded by small hills. The place appears clean and well kept, with both gas and water supply, and for a country town ship of its size is exceedingly lively. Pedestrians are continually on the move, horsemen, horsewomen, and conveyances come and go in all directions. The most substantial buildings in the town are two or three banks, the other buildings are for the most part wooden, roofed with corrugated iron. Some of the better class of private dwellings are a short distance out of town, and look comfortable on the hillsides at the foot of the scrub, which still exists in patches in its native jungle-like state. The hospital is out there, and possesses a pleasant site near two immense native fig trees. The illustration given of Lismore is taken from the Ballina-road. The inter mediate space between the hills, and imme diately outside the town, is a complete net work of subdivided paddocks, all more or less' occupied with horses and cattle, an indication of a thriving neighbourhood. The municipally of Lismore contains over 3,000 inhabitants, while the population of the surrounding district, including Lismore, and say within a radius of 10 or 12 miles, is nearly 11,000. A friend came over from Queensland expressly to join me. He arrived a few days before me, and secured accommodation in the Big Scrub. After a good night's rest (the last three having been broken travelling from Melbourne to this point) I set out with him from Lismore on horseback for our scrub quarters, about 11 miles out in a north easterly direction, leaving our luggage to "follow by carrier. My companion's horse certainly is, a very peculiar animal, and objects to being mounted. As soon as one foot is in the stirrups, and before the other ooold be placed home the horse waltzed jxnmd the yard, and in a most unceremonious capsized its rider, who fortunately fell n a soft place. A second attempt to mount is more successful, and the horse behaves decently for the res t of the journey, Following the Ballina-road, and just out of Lismore on a gentle ascent, is a strip of pines growing on a rocky formation. The pines throw their whorled stems about the scrub— an entanglement of vegetation "richly dight with tropic hues of green." Some of the climbers reach to the topmost branches of clumps of ferns and tits . find lodgment, "pj jby an ordinary , with occasional Hies: Just flowering, Hiar trees. but the i e0E-horo ferns, flowering carded liohens that deck handsome-leafed banana groves in farm gardens, furnish the necessary tropical surroundings. We turn of)' Hallina-road along the Hyron track. At M Lean's farm, or al>out eight miles out of Lismore, the llig Scrul) begins, extending away to the sea for about 15 miles, and for double that distance towards the Tweed ltiver—which has had su,.-h a fascina tion for naturalists and collectors from both the new world and the old. Kxcept the cleared portions there is a distinct line of demarcation between the forest and the scrub land, almost as marked as between forest and plain. Once in the scrub you snv farewell to gum trees, l'erhaps they object to the great race for existence that takes place in the scrub, where plants climb one upon another. 1 dearly love the forest country, but the close recesses of this scrub, with all its peculiar cliarins, I do not. hike the eucalypt, i prefer breathing room, not to he jostled with stinging trees and blistering; ])lants, or suffer the too familiar embraces of " lawyer " palms. Notwithstanding these disadvantages there is a wealth of vegetable forms in which the botanist simply revels : also trees—the bean, teak, buoyong, ana many others, beautiful and of great economic value. Having proceeded three miles into the heart of the scrub, we arrive at our temporary home, kept by a good old widow and her son. The dwelling is situated on a rise near A BUSH TRANSPORT. Pearce's Creek, and except a few cleared patches and those of neighbours the scrub exists in its primeval state. My friend and I lose no time starting a naturalist's collection and .recording observations, 'first having obtained a rude wheelbarrow and removed our luggage to our quarters from where the carrier deposited it on the track about a mile a way. Our mode of travelling is shown in an illustration. The scrub enjoys a temperate climate, and, comparatively speaking, a most regular mean temperature, taking the meteorological re cords of Lisniore as a criterion, where the average minimum is 5(Meg. and the average maximum 72deg. Only about two days in the summer does the "thermometer exceed lOOdeg. in the shade. 'The average annual rainfall for the last live years is <»0 inches, being well distributed throughout the year, , and accounts for the mnny perennial streams one sees everywhere. This amount of mois ture, together with no end of depth of the wonderful rich reddish or chocolate soil, no doubt speaks for the prodigal luxuriance of the indigenous vegetation. And, as a natural consequence, when this scrubby wilderness is reclaimed and replanted with introduced plants they likewise grow apace. Here bananas and strawberries llourish side by side, the banana representing the tropics and the strawberry the temperate zone, and both growing to perfection. This is truly wonderful, and is only another in stance of what a glorious heritage we Aus tralians possess. Hut it will not do to eat the bread of idleness, and condemn the soil because it grows rank scrub, or be cause we are too lazy to till it. My com panion, who is a practical horticulturist, was so elated with the class of land that without loss of time he secured a holding, and I feel convinced that in a few years he will simply "astonish the natives" by demonstrating what the land will really pro duce. The conditions of the land are most favourable for all members of the citrus tribe. 1 saw grand orange trees, likewise lemon, but the farmers let their cattle roam through thorn at will. 'The various stone fruits would thrive, yet only peach trees were seen. Hussion fruits would do anywhere, as evinced by the common edible variety seen growing in a wild state in parts of the scrub, the seeds having been carried thither by birds from the farm gardens. Thus again if crops of Cape gooseberries were allowed to luxuriate in the waste clearings instead of the useless ink weed, what stores of fruit there would Ire for making the most delicious of jams. While on this topic, just another word about bananas. I saw two kinds j growing about the fauns: one a small roundish variety, and the other the three- \ cornered plantain. To those people who love [ the tropics, their tall, broad, waving leaves j would suggest many pleasant reminiscences. 1 but the bananas were just planted in rows. ! and allowed to grow untended, with un-' restricted freedom, and with a prolific crop of ■ suckers ; consequently the return of fruit is j not so great as it might be. To one plant or ; root there should not be too manv stems, 1 and their perpetual growth should he regu-1 lated. It is sufficient to have one with fruit j ready to cut, one or two llowering, and a j sucker or two. j Vet many indomitable spirits have cleared tracts of the Big Scrub with axe and tire, | and have made comfortable homes for their 1 families. Scrub-falling is laborious work in-! deed, and much judgment has to be oxer- j cised. because so many of the trees are held ' together by tough rope-like stems of climbers. 1 Most of the larger trees possess great spurs or flanges at their base, as seen by the illus tration given elsewhere. The fullersurmounts these obstacles by a slight staging 8ft. or 10ft. high. When scrub-falling, the fallers need a liberal supply of food, and usually have meals four times a day—at G o'clock in the morn ing, at 11, at 3, and at dusk. The scrub is fired about Christinas, or before the summer rains set in. There is no fear of the tire overlapping the fallen dry I scrub. The avenues of the scrub, with their wealth of green foliage, cannot be penetrated by the fire-fiend,- therefore a bush-fire is unknown in virgin scrub, and consequently such a place is an excellent collecting-ground for a lichenologist or other such collector. Lady Ventry The drawing we give of Lady Ventry (wife of Dayrolles-Blakeney Eveleigh de Moleyns, Baron Ventry), who has come to Victoria to pay a visit to her daughter and Lord Hopetoun, is from a recent photograph taken by F. Kingsbury, St. George's place, London. Her ladyship is the elder daughter of Andrew Wauchope. of Niddrie, Marischal, Midlothian. The sons and daughters of Lord and Lady Ventry are—Frederick Rossmore Wauchope, Arthur William, Edward Day rolles, Richard Andrew, John Gilbert, Frances Elizabeth Sarah (Marchioness of Conyngham), Mildred Rose (Mrs. Acland Hood). Hersey Alice (Countess of Hopetoun), and Maud Helen. The likeness of her daughters Lady Hopetoun and Mrs. Hood to their mother is (as shown by this portrait) very remarkable. Lady Ventry's stay in Victoria will probably last over 12 months. 