COUNTRY NEWS. (PBOx oro oonnESFOKiiESTa.) BATTALION PABADlToF ira EEGIMENT. ?WEST MAITLAND, Satdhday. A battalion parade of the 4th Regiment w us held at Last Maitland this afternoon. Colonel Stokes was in comm ind, and had with him Major ltuncliud, Acting-Major Waddy, and Warront-ofticer Leckie 'Hie Newcastle, Lauibtoa, Wallsend, Morpeth, Maitland, Singleton, md Muswellbrook corni) nuts, together with tho logtmcntal band, were on parade the battalion was exercised ni battle formation, the movements of which wcro gone through creditabh. Colonel Stokes, m addressing tho regiment at tho conclusion of the parade, coinplimontedthen on on tho excellent manner in which thoy had turned out for the Genoral's lnsnectiou at Singleton on .¡rd ultimo The annual inspection of D troop of cav alrj and of tho regimental baud alco took placo at West Mait- land to-day, Colonel M'Donald being the mspocting officer. A wholo-daj pando was i ailed, and tho itroop in review order, headed by tho mounted baud, marched tiirough the town, and presented a huo ajipeari.uco. _^^ BATHimST, Saturday J. Broderick, assistant m the post-ofilee, droupod dead in Di. Bu&sott;'s aurgeij, wheie ho hud gone to seek medical advice Ile took up a new "paper in the w aitiug-room, and w hilo reading it fell over and expired. lho medical op nio.i was thal the cause of death was heal t diseuse, and tho coroner dispensed with an inquest Deceased had boen 11 years in the servico, and had beou nine years at Bathurst. He has left a w ldow and muo children, the youngest of «horn is four weeks old BO0KKE, Saturday. The river reports to hand this morning aro - Mungundi, Mit. Jin., Mogil, 6ft., Collotendabn, 6ft. 4m., Walgett, Barwon 22ft 7m., Namoi lift. 3m, Goodooga, 1ft. Din., Brewarrina, 18ft. Gin., Bourke, 15ft. IJm., Louth, loft Cm., Tilpa, Uft, 6m. Wilcannia, 19ft. Oin , all using. At Nyngan the Bogan is reported stationary. At Warren the Macquarie, though over ita banks, is Ftationarv. Only one nomination was received jesterdayfor the position of alderman to hil tho v.acanc\ in the West Ward caused by the retirement of Alderm in Gledhill, viz., 'Ihomos Green, who «a« declared duly elected. _ CUTTON, bATUBDAY. Mining matters for the week ending to-day havo generally shown a decided falling-ott throughout Illawarra. The Mount Kembla and Woonona mines, where work his been so brisk for many momba, each auficred broken tuno last week. The Metropolitan and South Clifton colhenos worked about half tuno. At the Old Bulli pit operations havo been suspended indefinitely. At Woonona the night shift is to bo discontinued, and it is feared that some tioublo will arise thero in tho event of tho management choosing from among both night and day shifts the reduced number of mou loquisite for the day shift only, instead of cavilling out tho number in excess of requirements. COOLAMON, 8ATUEDAY. An enthusiastic meoting waa hold at Coola- mon to-day to advocate a ra lway froai Coolamon northwards. Tho surrounding district was fulh represented. Various resolutions were passod. Hopes aro ontertainod that if the branch bo con structca the lino w ill open up a great wheat-growing COWBA, "ATOTlDAY. Tho river roso last night, but subsided when at 32ft, It is still fnfhnf The creeks aro all up Trafilo with Forbos is interrupted from this cause, and because the rivor has inundated the main road. Near Goolagong tho mail coach has to make a long detour along tho sidos of thi rango. The «eather has boon boisterous and showery, but was fine yostorday indto-dnj. Shearing has neon delayed in consequenco of the broken weather. Tho rabbit-proof notting is landed, and will soon bo completed. HARDEN, Satueday. Thursday's very heavy rain nnd intensely cold weather killed about 700 nowlv- shorri sheep on Cun- ningham station. The woathcr is now fine. INVERELL, Satuhday Four hundred and niuoty acres of land were tokeu np here on Thursday. The annual inspection of the F company Mounted Infantry took place jestorday. In the absencoof Major-Gouernl Richardson through illness, Colonel M'Kenzic and Adjutant Sparrow put the cotnpanj, which mustered strongly, through various evolutions. MACLEAN, Situhday. At tho hospital committee mooting hold to-day Mrs. Maitland vv us elected matron from a list of 29 applicants. Miss Helen Ralston wus elected nuise from omong3t 10 applicants MOSS VALE, Satl-dat. The polling for the cloctton of an aldorman, vico Mr. N. H. Throsbj, took place to-day, and resulted as follows -W. Jonos, 51, T. Conlon, 29, majority for Jonos, 25. MUDGEE, Satthciuy. Tho civil business at the Circuit Court was iiuishod to-day. In the case of William Rogei son v. J D. Cox, Cullenbone, in which £500 Has claimed us damages alleged to have been caused by a bushfire started by defendant's sen ant, a verdict was given for defendant. Constable Hicks proceeded against H. A Patrick, of Digilah, for the rccov cry of £2U0 dcmai'os foi alleged slander. Patrick wrote to tho constable's supenor ofllcci lodging a number of charges against bim. A verdict »as given for plain- tiff for £50 and costs. NEWCASTLE, Satctiiday. It is stated here that Messrs Hudson Brothers have decided on closing the Wickham branch of thoir business. RICHMOND, Satotiday. A nfio match, Richmond v. tho N. A V., took placo to-day, and was won bv tho latter. The scores wura N.A.V , r)74 points Richmond, d21-tho NA.V. thus winning Dy 5J points. WAGGA WAGGA, Sun-day. Tho nvor, which was rising from an enilj hour yesterday, reached 23ft. above bummer lovol this ev ening. Tho weather is fine \ WOLLONGONG, Svtotidat. The B troon, New faouth Wales Cavnlrj has lust completed a course of mrsketry instruc- tion, under Staffscrgo mt M Cann. A scries of lectures was delivered by the instructor at tlio Haworth Hall, tho attendance being very good. At targot practico the members of tlio troop acquitted themselves very well, and it is arranged that two days in each week during the present quin ter shall bo dovoted to practice. A fatal accident occurred yostorday afternoon at Mount Keira, the victim being a little girl named Lillie '1 horn ton, aged G years, daughter of Mr. John Tnornton. The little ono was on u visit to Mr. Henry Stono's faim, where a cream soparator was working, and while watching tho machinery she in soino manner got caught by her clothes, end beforo tho machinery could bo stopped sustained luch t ir Mo injuries that death ensuod almDot immediately eu inquest vv as held this morning, whou a verdict of accidoutal doath was recorded. Mount Pleasant colliory concludes a full woek's work to-day. Mount JÍoira mine, after a week's cessation, resumod work yestcrdav. Tho Very Rov. Dr Bury, O b B., who has been for Bome months in charge of this parish, is about leaving, the order to which ho belongs disqualifying him from holding ofiico as a parish prtost. Much rogrot is felt by all denominations at his projected dOiiarturo. ^^^^^^^^^^^^ 