Bush Fires. At Christmas time hot weather can always be expected, but 97*5 in the 6hade recorded at the Sydney Observatory on Wednesday, 30th ultimo, was excessive. This is the highest temperature recorded during the past year, and the next highest — 97*4 — was recorded a fortnight before, also on a Wednesday. On that occasion the heat was more trying, as there was a continuity for four days at a high temperature. The thermometer on the 30th ultimo went up, as has been stated, and stood at 97'5 at nearly 2 p.m., when a smart thunderclap occurred and a southerly wind swept over the city at the rate of 25 to 30 miles per hour. Its effect was magical, for within seven minutes the temperature fell 17*8 and the fresh southerly continued until nearly midnight. In the country the heat has been very great in the west and north-west, but cooler in the south. Bourke, with 116* of shade temperature, apparently heads the list, and Wilcannia comes next with 113*. A large number of places have recorded 100- and upwards. But' the worst news which comes from the country is the great pre valence of bushfires and the fearful destruction caused by them. For miles in some instances the country is on fire ; many a selector has been almost ruined, and settlers h«ve had to fly from their homes and seek refuge from the encroaching' flames. In the Jerilderie district heavy losses of property have taken place, and in many other places the destruction has been ruinous, and. lives threatened by the devouring element. In one case the family of the selector were obliged to seek for safety in a water tank. Tens of thousands of acres of valuable feed have been destroyed, and the loss of stock is great. On several stations the whole of the hands have been at work day and night beating out the fires. In the Albury dis trict a serious conflagration was started through the careless use of fire in a camp at Culcairn. It destroyed several thousand acres of grass on Kirn deen, and the destruction of the town of Culcairn was narrowly averted. On the 30th ultimo the fire -was burning towards Doodle Cooma, and was being fought all the way by the district residents. Fires were also raging on the Victorian border near Albury, and the fires in Central River ina were still burning. At Bourke, on the 30fch ultimo, the temperature stood at 116* in the shade, and the weather was terribly hot. This had lasted about a week, and it was expected that the thermometer would go up to 120* . At Cobar, on the same day, the record was 114* in the shade at 10 a.m. (the hottest day of the year), and the dairymen had ceased supplying milk, as the rabbits had eaten all the feed for the cows. At Collarendabri the weather was hot and dry, and at Crookwell a bush fire was raging to the north-west of the town, threatening the homesteads, and enveloping _the town in smoke. Bush fires were also prevalent' at Denisontown, and at Germanton they were raging all round, and the town was full of smoke. The temperature was 95- in the shade, the hottest day of the season. For eight days a fire had been burning on the boundary of Mangoplah and Jerra jerra. The boundary fence was destroyed, and thousands of acres of grass. Fires were also burning on Benambra and Tarra Yarra. At Groulburn the heat record was 99-2, and the town was surrounded by smoke, although there were no bush fires. At Jerilderie a terrific bush fire broke out near Murray Hut, 14 miles north of Tocumwal, and burnt right across in an easterly direction to Momalong Station. Many of the residents had their grass burnt, but the crops were saved. The farmers suffered heavy losses. Twenty thousand acres on Momalong run had been swept by the fire, which was still raging. There was also a fire on Wonamurra run, a branch fire from the other, and it was travelling towards the head station. All the principal Jerilderie business houses were closed, so that all hands might fight the flames. The fire on Bundure burnt 22,000 acres, and also IGTniles of fencing. It is said that the fire swept across Yamma, Goree, and Yarrabee and that the loss of stock was very great. The weather in ' other places was also very hot, the records of some being :— Kempsey, 102- in the shade ; Hilton, 104/ in the shade ; Mudgee, 99J' in the shade ; Paterson, 100- in the shade; Scone, 101 ? in the shade; and Wilcannia, 113' in the shade. At Mossvale, Parkes, and Tenterfield, the heat was great, and the weather oppressive. At Peak Hill the thermometer was 100* in the shade, and bush fires were raging all round the district. At Tuena the heat record was 102-, and for the week pre vious, except Christmas Day, nothing under 1001. The oldest hands never experienced such weather. The grass was nearly all dried up, and the water was also drying fast. At Tumut there was an ex tensive bu6n fire on East Blowering, which burnt much of the summer grass. The Tumut Common was also on fire, and the hills were shrouded in smoke. The heat record was over 100'. At Wagga the mercury showed 96- , and the town was almost totally enveloped in smoke from the numerous bush fires in the vicinity. At Young the heat was intense, 103*. There were bush fires reported in different parts of the district, and a large one on Milong run. 