An Australian Picnic. [By a Wanderer.] The old year has passed away, and a new one occupies now its terrestrial throne. But it did not pass without the customary Christmas parties, so dear to both the growing and to the riper and more experienced portion of our young hopeful and pro gressing nation. The settlers on the Bookhara River had, in spite of little temporary misfortunes such as violent bushfires and vain wishes for pluvian visitations, enjoyed themselves most thoroughly. The ladies looked with longing back to a time when the mistletoe bough hanged over them, not like a threatening Damocles sword, but when it (excuse the bold metaphor), like Alexander's sword, as it were, cut in twain many a puzzling social Gordian- knot which Mrs. Grundy's pedantic conventionalism had cruelly tied. And, believe me, most of the bachelors and, as a gossiping little fairy told me. even some of the married men experienced similar yearnings. Actuated by feelings of gratitude, the bachelors of Bookhara River then made the laudable resolu tion of arranging a grand picnic, followed by a ball. And it is of these highly successful entertainments taking place at Willawillingbah, Feb. 10th, I shall attempt to give a brief description :- At about 12 o'clock the invited guests arrived at the picnic place, which, by the amiable Hon. Sec. of the Bachelors' Association, Mr. Geo. Smith, and not less by the zeal of Mr. Jos. Loughnan, had in a tasteful manner been decorated with flowing flags and banners. Various games such as rounders, dis appointments, etc., etc., were now enjoyed, or vice versa ; however, the greateat fun was evoked by . two most exciting races- one run by the fair maids, and the other by the gentlemen. The latter was won by Mr. H. Loughnan, the prize consisting of a little oharming but, alas, undressed doll, which latter circumstance (it being nude) made the winner look a little puzzled and quaint. The ladies race was won by the indescribably charming and active Miss Saunders, the prize being a set 0f miniature clothes, presumably intended for a doll. After the dinner, the guests betook themselves to the woolshed at Willawillingbah, which building had, in a delightful way, been decorated with flowers (natural and artificial), and illumined by Chinese lanterns. About 9 o'clock the ball com menced, and was opened. Mrs. Saunders and J. Spencer, Esq., and by Mrs. Spencer and William Saunders, Esq., and, as a matter of course, numerous youthful couples followed their example. How attractive and festive all seemed. Mrs. Saunders in her white " liberty" silk bodice and "surah" satin skirt ; Mrs. Spencer in some green dress ; Mrs. H. Loughnan in cream nun's veiling with corded silk trimmings. And how irresistibly charming the younger ladies looked ! It is but justice and the unanimous wish of the gentlemen to place and mention Miss Saunders first of all dressed in salmon-coloured liberty silk bodice, white embroidered muslin skirt and cream roses. Then the bewitching Miss Baker, in white muslin, eau de nil sash and white flowers. Then the arch and busy Miss A. Donaldson in black satin bodice and nun's veiling skirt. Misses Longford, Miss M. Baker, Miss E. Saunders, and Miss Spencer, looked hardly less attractive in their tasteful dresses. Thus proceeded the ball for a short time. How charmingly all faces beamed with pleasure, and how sympathetically all hearts must have beaten when thus their fair owners moved over the elaborately prepared floor. But, Io ! the star studded sky had in the meantime become covered with dark clouds. Vivid flashes of lightning accom- panied with peals of thunder that shook the whole building, made many a little timid maid steal nearer, as if for protection, to her undaunted "cavalier". The anxiety increased when the report arrived that the grass had again been set on fire. I imagined that I saw tears of disappoint ment in many a girl's eyes ; but have no doubt but that, if a torrent of rain had not put out the fire many a little now trembling fairy in ball dress wonld have been transformed into a little fearless Amazon, and would have unhesitatingly joined the fire brigade that then would have been mustered to conquer the flames. At twelve o'clock a splendid supper was served, and speeches were made by Mr. E. Saunders praising the liberal hospitality of the bachelors, and by Mr. Loughnan, who, in glowing terms proposed the ladies' health, which was eloquently responded to by Mr. George Smith, on behalf of the ladies. About daybreak the guests began to disperse after having spent a never-to-be- forgotten night of pleasure, and after having taken part in a thorough Australian summer party, that, thanks to the praiseworthy exertions of Messrs. Geo. Smith, Jas. Loughnan, and others, I venture to say, could favourably compete with any similar amusements the city could produce. 