LOCAL NEW«! TUESDAY'S PARLIAMENTARY PMOBKDIHOT.-The Assembly on Tuesday was chiefly occupied in du Äf the monthly supply bill, under which the Government asks for ¿8974,000. One-twelfth of the ?Só ?amount appropriated for 1891, »J ^4.000» .wanted for the ordinary expenditure of the depart- ments. ¿8100,000 for the Treasurer's advance ac couat, ¿8180,000 to pay the wages of railway empires, and ¿8100,000 in anticipation of a loan vote for the railways. The bill was criticised at Z-at length by members on both sides of the House, and no other business was done m conse ou.nce of the prolongation of the debate. The House adjourned to Wednesday, and Mr. Dibbs hoped the Customs Duties bill would be passed -then. ACCIDENTS.-On Monday evening Mr. James Richardson, contractor, residing in Free Church street, West Maitland, was feeding his horses juat iprior to retiring for the night. One of the animals kicked him on the chin, injuring his mouth.-A youth in the service of Mr. Markwell was racing with another young fellow in Bull-street, West Maitland, yesterday forenoon. Ho .vas knocked down, the pair having collided, and his foot injured. CONFIRMATION SERVICE AT MORPETH.-On Sun- day afternoon last his Lordship the Bishop of New- castle held a confirmation service in St. James ?Church, Morpeth. There were 32 candidates for the rite, 15 girls and 17 boys, residents of the vari- ous districts of the parish-Morpeth, Hinton, Wood- ville and Seaham beingrepresented. There wasa very large congregation : the building was crowded. The order of service was that drawn up by His Lord- ship, who was assisted by the incumbent the Rev. R. E. Goddard. "The Church's one foundation" was sung as a processional hymn, while the choir, clergyman, and Bishop entered by the western door, and proceeded to their places. The hymn " Soldiers of Christ arise" was sung by the choir and congre- gation which was followed by the Bishop's first address, an earnest and impressive one, and thoa the promise of each candidate was taken individually. The hymn of invocation was then sung by all kneeling, after which each candidate was presented, and the choir sang the '. Amen" to the prayer accompanying the laying on of hands on each. The concluding prayers were followed by a second addresB frira the Bishop full of practical wise counsel, and homely useful rules for the Christian life. The hymn " Oh, Jesus, I have promised," was sung by the confirmees alone, and " Onward, Christian Soldiers," buring the offertory, the collection being in aid of the St. James' Improvement Fund. The hymn " Through the night of doubt and sorrow" was sung as the recessional hymn. The whole service was hearty and most impressive. His Lordship also preached in the morning from the text Prov. iv. l8-" But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day" MISHAP -An elderly lady, accompanied by two children, was proceeding yesterday along Church street from the railway station, when she trod upon some peel and fell heavily to the ground She waB raised by some bystanders and taken to a medical gentleman for treatment THE KOWAMKI CONCERT COMPANY IN NFW | ZEALAND -Our Maitland readers mil be interested to learn of the progress of the Kowalski Company, of which Miss Beatrice Gnffiths is a member, in New Zealand The Hatolo's .Bay Hciald of January 21 says that the Company was enthusiastically I received at Napier The notice goes on " M Kowalski played as his first number Chopin's I Polonaise in A flat, and in response to a tempestuous I encore played Paganin.'s * Clochette ' His next appearance was with Miss Beatrico Gnffiths, in the celebrated and very difficult Concerto No 6, with its final Rondo Oriental M Henri Hcrz, the composer, was inspired by an Oriental composition in woikmg his theme for this final, ind took the musical world by storm with the result It was magnificently played last night by b th performers Mibs Beatrice Griffiths, in her perfect execution, showed heroelf an apt pupil of the master, display- ing wonderful wrist and finger action, and veiy exceptional brilliancy Her technique in this number, and in the duet ' Tambour Major,' which she played later with M Kowalski, was something she may well be proud ot " THE MACLAREN MEMORIAL FUND.--A meeting of parishioners ot St. Paul's, West Maitland, was held in the parish schoolroom, on Monday evening, for the purpose of taking steps to raise a memorial in .the church to the memory of the late Rev. A. A. Maclaren. There was a fair attendance. The Rev. E A. Anderson occupied the chair, and stated tho purpose of the meeting. In the course of the even ing the chairman stated that he hnd received a letter from the Hon. John Douglas, of Queensland, couched in these terms. Ho merely quoted ex tracts from the letter.-" Government Residency, Thursday Island, Torres- straits, 16th January, 1892 Dear Sir,-I observe that a Memorial Se-v'ice was held at St. Paul's Church in connection ?with the sad death of our dear friend, Mr. Maclaren, whose life and work was so full of good promise. I am rejoicpd to see that you propose to didicate a window to his memory, and that you ?anticipate raising ¿8100 for this purpose. Of Mr Maclaren I can safely say that there wa3 no man, coming among us with this message of Jesus Christ who cheered us on more hopefully in the service of his Master. I Wed him, and wo all loved him as a fine man and a faithful servant of . his fellow men.-I am, dear sir, yours faithfully, HON. JonN DOUGLAS."-The Chairman stated that' over ¿860 had been promised, in addi- tion to a sum of money which was to be given by the Working Men's Social Club. He thought'they might reckon on ¿870 at that time. A further sum was necessary, the total cost of the memorial being estimated at about ¿8100. In the ' course of a conversational discussion, it was pointed out that before the memorial window was com- pleted many friends of the deceased gentleman might send donations. If those who took an interest m the matter exorcised their influence there would doubtless be no difficulty in the way. It was resolved that an estimate be obtained as to the cost of an enlarged window. Those present ?were in very hearty sympathy with the movement. SPECIAL HORSE SALE AT GUNNEDAH.-Messrs. Bacon and Co. offered a large catalogue on Thurs- day to a good attendance of buyers. About 300 head of all classes yarded. The competition for anything good was brisk, and where excessive limits ?were not asked, sales were readily effected. Bid- dings for a great number reached within a fraction of owners' reserves, but they would not concede, consequently many lots were passed in. Over 100 head were disposed of at very satisfactory prices medium draughts making from ¿86 to ¿812, heavier to ¿816, buggy horses and hackneys from ¿87 to ¿815, light sorts and yenrling3 up to three years from ¿82 to ¿87, and ponies ¿84 10s to ¿810. In the face of the present very dry weather, bush-fires, and general depression, the sale was on the whole most success- ful. The auctioneers state they could have readily disposed of nearly every horse yarded, had owners' reserves been reasonable. The firm hold another horse sale on Thursday, the 11th February, when they will offor a large consignment of medium draught colts and Allies from Queensland and some New England horses, all consigned to them direct from the breeders, full particulars of which will be found in advertisements.-Communicated. ELECTORAL DISTRICT OF EAST MAITLAND.-We «ndorstand that a substantial increase is shown in tho number of electors entitled to vote for the electoral district of East Maitland. Compared with last year there are 63 more Dames on the roll, 51 of which were collected in the Newcastle portion of the district. The list will be exhibited at the Courthouse in due course. THE CAVALRY CORPS REGIMENTAL BAND-A dismounted parade of thiB corps will be held on the Park on Saturday, under the direction of Cap- tain Cracknell. The band will play the following programme of music:-March (H.Round) ¡ overture, "La Croise de Geneve" (Beiger) ; waltz, " Passing Thoughts" (Round) ; selection, " Maritana" (Wal- lace) ; selection, "Lord of the Isles" (Scholen) ; waltz, " Elsie" (Godfrey) ; fantasia, " Salutation" (Villiers) ; quadrille (Laurent) ; " God Save the Queen." "TitE ILLUSTRATED SYDNEY NEWS." - The number for the current fortnight contains a portrait of the late Duke of Clarence, which is now pretty familiar to everybody, views in and around Sydney, a series of photo-gravures illustrating Broken Hill, a large page picture depicting the men of the New South Wales Cavalry, and many other illustrations. The number is not, however, taken altogether, up to the average in illustration. The letterpress contents ate, as usual, well com- piled and written, and very readable. MEEK AND MILD-James Smith, 22, painter, and Jamei Lutherborough, 27 a labourer, were brought before Mr. Clarke, ¡ill, at the Sydney Central Police Court on Tuesday on ft charge of having assaulted John Thompson The prosecutor gave evidence that he was in the act of gazing into a shop window that morning when the accused came up One of them deliberately pushed against him, and, upon the witness expostulating with them, they both, assisted by others of the larrikin class, violent- ly assaulted him Smith was sentenced to a month's hard labour, and his companion, Luther- borough, to three months The latter was fined ¿65 or three months m addition, for having made use of abominable language He repeated the offence in court and was fined another ¿65, with the same alternative Upon hearing the last sentence he burst into a torrent rf bad language, and remarked that ho had only " come out" that morning Ho asked the magistrate, with infamous epithet, why he did not give him a "sixer" for the assault Mr Clarke promptly altered the sentence for the assault from thiee to six months' hard labour. The prisoner will thus serve a year m gaol, or, if he pays the ¿610 penalty, six months' hard labour. THE TRAVELLING DAIRY.-In order that the future movements of the Travelling Dairy may be methodically and ecmomically arranged, the Department of Agriculture will be glad to receive applications from districts, the residents of which are desirous of seeing the dairy in operation, and of obtaining reliable information regarding the most approved method of butter and cheese making. The applications, which should be made with the least possible delay, should emanate either from the local Agricultural and Pastoral Association or from a representative committee appointed for the purpose. In order to prevent any misunderstanding it may be well to recapitulate shortly the conditions under which a visit is permitted. The freight by rail or steamer of the complete plant and engine, weigh- ing 3 tons 15 cwt., is paid by the Department of Agriculture, but the local body must provide cart- age from the nearest railway station or wharf to the scene of operation, also a building for housing the plant at least 20 feet by 20 feet. A daily supply of from 50 to 60 gallons of milk, according to arrangement, must be assured, and the waggon of n labourer for 12 days at the rate of 7s per day guaranteed by the committee. Fuel and water to the extent of 1 cwt. of coal and 1 hogshead of water daily must be made available, and a list supplied to the department of the pupils nominated by the local body tor a course of instruction ; such power of nomination being one of the advantages accruing to a district securing a visit. Further ' information can be obtained on application to the Department. THE JUVENILE OPERA COMPANY.-On Tuesday evening next, lovers of comic opera will have an opportunity of witnessing the celebrated Juvenile Comic Opera Company who have lately been playing with such marked success at the Criteiion Theatre, in Sydney. The company number over seventy artists, and the Sydney Press has been enthusiastic over their wonderful performance. All the scenery, properties, and effects used in Sydney will be utilised here. We understand the Company are at present playing in Newcastle to crowded houses. The initial performance will be Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan's celebrated opera, " The Mikado," and, a3 the season is limited to four nights, no opera can be repeated. The following is their order : Tuesday, "The Mikado;" Wednes- day, "The Piratps of Penzance ¡" Thursday, "La Mascotte ¡" and Friday, *' Patience." Each opera, we are informed, will be dressed and Btaged with all the plaborate attention to detail that charac- terized the productions in Sydney. In the adver- tisement elsewhere will be found the business arrangements. The fame of this juvenile company Í8 such that it deserves, and doubtless will be greeted by crowded houses. A RIVER DART INO MYSTPRY-The Menmdio correspondent of the Miner (Broken Hill) says that on Januaiy 2¿ a fisherman reported to the pohro that the body of a man was snagged m the river close to his camp, a couple of miles down stream When the police arrived at the spot they saw a most peculiar obiect in the water which on closer inspection was found to be the body of a man who had been dead some fivo or siv davs, he had no boots on, and was rolled up in a tent, with his blankets and coat, he had a strap round his leg to which were fastened two billycans another stiap round his thighs and one round his waist outside the tent he had also a waterbag tied round his neck He seemed to bp a stoutly built man of about 40 years of age Who he is or how ho got into the river so bandaged up is a mystery INSPECTION or SENIOR CVDETS -On Triday last Colonel Paul, accompanied by Captain Byrne of the Newcastle Senior Cndeta, paid a vistt of insnec tion to the SeniorCadetCompany of this town War- rant Officer Leckie Instructor to the companv, was »Iqo prpsont, as also were tho officers of the company Cnprain W A Ross and Lieutenant Phillips The object of the Colonel's visit was to pass into the ranks and dismiss fiom rpcruit drill pligible mem bprB of the companv Theie was a strong mustpr , and after Captain Ross and Mr Leckie had put the company through various manosuvres thp Colonel ! expressed his entire satisfaction, nnd comobmentpd those concerned on the SUCCPSS achieved In the course of his remarks Colonel Paul promised that a full supply of both blank and ball ammunition would bo immediately supplied for the use of the cadets, m order that they might complote their course of musketry, so as to fit them for compph tions and make them proficient in the use of the rifle A very successful companv drill took place cn the park on Saturday, whpn the company was photographed by Mr J D Pickering The cadets nre looking forward to a battalion paradp on the 27th instant when the "adets of Newcastle will .join the Maitland companv We understand that Colonel Paul and his staff will be present on tho occasion FABT MAITLAND POLICF COURT -There was no police business at the East Maitland police court on Tuesday In the Small Debts' Court cases were heaid before Dr Wright and J Ewing J'sP C F Sólhnír recovered from Ellen Williams 5s costs in an action for money lent the original amount having been paid Allan Simmons sued Joseph Clarl to recover the sum of ¿85 12s 6d due under an agreement Mr Chambers appeared for the plain- tiff who stated that defendant had failed to keep to the undertaking he had given Plaintiff Bgreed to accept ¿81 per month the first payment to be made on Saturday next and au order was made accordingly Costs were allowed In the case G P Mastermann v James Terry, goods sold ¿61 3s 6d the plaintiff recovered for the full amount, with 6s costs SALE or WORKS OP ART, &c; -We direct atten tion to the sale, particulars of which will be found in our advertising columns, of a splendid collection of works of art comprising autotypes, hehotypes, chromos oleographs and engravings, direct from London The sale will take place at the room of the auctioneer (Mr W C Markwell) near the Belmore Bridge West Maitland, to morrow (Friday) afternoon, at three o'clock There will also be submitted, at the same time and place a quantity of household furniture and effects sundries, &c; -Communicated RE-OPENING OP THE TECHNICAL SCHOOL AITER THII VACATION -The new term at the Technical School, Free Church-street, commences next Mon- day, the 8th instant, when the young people who brought such credit to the town at the late examina- tions will start afresh with the more advanced course, and new studpnts will be enrolled. The young ladieB* fret-work and carving class, which was started last year, has been so successful that they are to have an evening class on Wednesdays, in addition to the afternoon class. Full particu- lars as to classes can, we are told, be obtained from the Resident Master, at the school. A WARRIOR BOLD AND OLD.-A peculiar find has been made in one of the great mounds of Ohio, which are being at present specially investigated. While working on a mound 500ft. long, 200 wide, and 28 high, the excavators discovered near the centre, at a depth of 14ft, the massive skeleton of a man encased in copper armour. The head was covered with an oval-shaped copper cap ; the jaws had copper mouldings ; the arms were di'cssed in copper, copper plates covered the chest and stomach, and on each side of the head were wooden antlers ornamented with copper The mouth was stuffed with genuine pearls, of immense size, but much decayed. Round the neck was a necklace of bears' teeth, set with pearls. The Sydney Law Courts. The most convenient Hotel for witnesses, is the Metropolitan Hotel, King-street. 9025 [ THE ENGLISH MAIL AT AUCKLAND.-The 1S.M.S. Monowai arrived ne Auckland on Monday afternoon from San Francisco, and sailed again for Sydney at 8 o'clock that evening. Following are the passen- gers for Sydney -.-Rev. T. J. and Mrs. Curtis, Mr. and Mrs. Curtis, Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Reid, Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Clissold, Miss Clissold, Miss Reid, Mrs. John Martin, Messrs. G. Coffey, L. M. Johnston, T. Neal, T. Bailey, C. H. Reid, R. E. Bradshaw, and 36 in the second-class. From Auckland: Hon. T. Russell, A. Anderson, Lyne. OFFICIAL APPOINTMENTS -The following appoint- ments are notified in the Gazette of Tuesday. Consular.-Mr. C. L. Sahl to be Acting Consul for Switzerland at Sydney. Rifle Corps.-Mr. Alex- ander Buchanan to be honorary captain of the Merriwa Reserve Rifle Company. Coroner.-Mr. C. Robertson to be coroner at Narrabri. Crown Lands.-Mr. W. F. Robertson to be Crown lands agent at Maitland. 