rrEMS OF NEWS. Shtice-box robberies have not been of fre quent occurrence iri the district of late; but the nefarious practice was indulged in at Wesley Hill a few nights "ago. Tt ts customary for the sluice rs to clean up tbe boxes periodically, and this seems to have been known by the thieves, as the robhery was "effected, at ait opportune time. The 'maftier,' strangely enough, his not yet been reported to the police, and this is to be regretted; as, iri the interest of justice, action shoald be promptly taken by tbe owneri of the boxes to prevent further thefts' in ibe oeighbourhood. Sergeant Salts would be only too glad to instruct his men to use the utmost endeavours to bring the offender to justice. Mr Adatdi reports having sold tbe farm and orchard pfoperty of Mr King, at Barker's Creek, toMr W. ' T. BegelboTe. Annual sermons on behalf of the Sunday school will be preached to-morrow iri Christ Church by the Bev. B. Potter, of Melbourne. In tbe afternoon there wQl be a Sower service. The anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Church will be held to-morrow in the ball of tbe Mechanics' Institute, when sermons will be de livered by the Rev J. T. Corry-arid the Ber Hume Robertson. The Christmas double number of the ' Young Ladiea"JournaI ' is particularly attractive. It contain: a number of supplements, including a cbromo-litho picture, colored plates .of Paris fashions, colored sheet of articles of faDcy work, two pieces of music, and four complete Christ inas stories. The only prisoners as yet known to be arraigned at the Supreme Court on Tuesday are Aurilc Maud Pew and David Daniel Edwards, who are jointly to be presented for stealing LS from Giovanni Bombardier, for which offence they were committed for trial at the Maryborough Police Court. Tbe bon secretary of the Ladies' Committee desires to intimate to recipients of outdoor re lief that the usual Christmas gift of balf-a-crowo will be distributed to them at the fortnightly meeting of the committee on Tuesday, the 20th iist. Mr Werner, of the firm of Carter and Werner, oculists, opticians, will pay his second visit to Castiemaioe three days next week, as per adver- tisement, and will test' sights for spectacles at Mr Max Pincus', chemist. Those requiring their sights ckrefully examined for properly abdVpeci- ally made glaasea of all kinds should not- lose this opportunity, as Mr Werner will be In Tas mania tbe begiririing of next year1 " Mr Wo. Dunstan directs attention to his new show- robin; iri Forest-street,, which he-'has filled with vehicles' for the inspection of purchasers. They are of various construction, from buggies; aociables, waggonette, pony carts, street wag gonettes, to spring carts. : In hia window he has the cards showing tbe prizes he obtained at the recent : JsKnr.faf, tAnreyarice's, t £Ha£ : are amongst 'ot bew open'for selection." " On. Wednesday, a tale of. gifts vin connection with' the Preebyterian'Choreh at' Guildford 'wag' opened by Mr William's, Mayor of Csstlemaine. Tbe gifts, which are numerous, were donated by. frienda far and near, and the ' si ills' Have ' a pretty appearance. The stalls are presided over by tbe following ladies : — Mesdames M'Aliece and Campbell, the. M rises , J. .Stewart, Hogg, Mein and' Pearson. " The Christmas' tree 'is in charge of Mrs A. Kirk, .and Misa Bishop baa charge of the bran-pte.. . The ladies have been kept buajr in Jispostrig of the articles A air- penny refreshment stall; conducted by Hes- dames M'Elhinney and , Stewarr, : is -also well patronised. The receipts are; satisfactory for: the two nights, and the sale will be continued 'to-night and on Saturday night next. From a musical standpoint, ;the success of tbe Carnival prodeiai'o'n and sports on New Year's 'Day appeard to be' pretty well assured. Four I brass bands— the Cartlcmaine Forindry United, Tafadale," 'Edglebawk and Daylesford— have .entered for the hand contest, which promises to 'be keen." Each band i: well spoken of, arid the Jbest effort of the" mnsicians will be put forward, jon New Year's Day. The committee wisely stipulated in the conditions that the competing bands must take part in the procession, so that there will be a plethora of music on the occasion. It is understood that Bandmaster Riley, of Mel bourne, wiil be the judge in the baud competi- ition, in which each band must have not less than ;12 nor more than 20 performers, i At the Cbewton Police Court yesterday after noon, before Messrs Ross, Roberts, and Hor- wood, Ja.P., the case of Senior-conatable-Afm- strong against Cr Wnterhouso, for insulting lan guage, was called on. It was stated that the charge had been withdrawn, by the defendant tendering an apology. Mr Cornish, who had been engaged for the defence, explained the law: bearing upon the charge; which, had it been en tered into; he ventured to assert, would have bean dismissed. Had the bench beard the evi dence, and found that tbe chargo was sustained, he (Mr Cornish) would have asked for a penalty of Lu to be inflicted upon his client, so that notice of appeal could be given. That being so, he was sanguine that the notice of appeal would be upheld. Two boys, named Wind and Schade, were fined ws each for allowing dogs to fight on a Sunday. The identity of the ill-fated man, who ran be fore the Maldon train on the 28th November and was killed, may now be said to be clearly established. When tho magisterial inquiry waa held on his remains at the Hospital no definite information waa then procurable, bat tbe later | inquiries of the polke lad to hio Jrieedk | Y&'e pvobitnJity chit he wis Edward RwV, j had bretf . dia&trred; rrocn she Ararat Lanattc 5 AsylonCi&d; who bid then a depoat in the bank j fc-r L350. but which was reoovei, sod L3SS of j I it deposited in MGdoa, fort&sd; s 2-?oi trace, t fc<si the fioai and. dstermisate one was the j pbotejriph taken in the Hospital, which ha tea HatiSri br the efiwrt in the Ararat Aryictn. This taielligenne wis received; by Berajeant Salts yssevday iacraiaz. and he has conveyed it to the ,po-Iiae '« Mildcn, who will ecxdsivcar to S&'d cut St sething urore caacern- mz the deceaeed, and ascertain if he ha any re latives iri the colony. AS the Police Court ytercay. before. Messrs EJlkat and Roberts, Js.P.; wa rfi -saan bamsd Thoma R-rbertson was presented for drunkea- 09\. He did not want to say anything to the charge, as he bad no witnesses, but Constable R-araoseen supplied thai defect by deacribtnv him as beiqz.very draak aod noy, wttreesinA fhe. notice' rf children at scire©! on TSirsday afternoon,- ofear to '-the Globe Hotel. ' For tht: misooodoct the prisoner was fined 2s Si, or be imprisoned 112. hosrf. The perpetual ease c-t Coosens and Keitie was again called upon, aid adjourned for a week. A suit for debt W4i bronglit hry Jtmes. , Benn tic : against J. Creati, for IA, money due 6ri-rs cheque. Mr Rogerson appeared for the piaintiffi and Mr SlerrifieU for defendant. On Mr Bennett going into the box, be stated- thai he received & cheque for the amount, but it wW; dishonoured. Mr MerriSeld took the objection thai the cbeqae was made payable at Cref'wit&f; so the Court at Creawick is fhe 'plus Where t hS ease should be beard. Mr Rogersan held - the -ob jection was not tenable, as the cheque -was prt- gented at Creswick, and tbe mark put on it " do account." , According 'to Mr MtrTzneld's con- tentioh; the salt hrauH 1 be -heard -in the nearest Court to where tbe defendant resided. This being the'riew faked try ihe Ccrart tbe eese was adjourned to the Creswiti. Court oo Tae s- day. I .. On ..Thursday .evenia 2 seme sensation was eauied' at Erhuei .by a repora thix a girl em ployed' at ice AckS-A Hotel hid endeavoured to orown berseif frvm .the; wharf. On inquiry it w as- foe nd that 3 girl cased Biker, 19 years of age, bad ceen keeping company with a jockey,- who, iceceaai of messing ber on Thurs day night as be premised to do, seat her a note saying that he was saatried. Tbe pri went to her sister, and together they walked along the wharf. Scrideulj the girl took her ha'- and shawl co, aod rushed to the edge of the wharf. A yctasg man cessie-g along caught her. 35 was going over, the chains. . The bright from the water was 2>ft. At the police court yester day ebe was discharged on expressing her sor row for having been so fooikh and agreeing to go back to ber old employer. Tbe CoGnrii of the Churches in Victoria held it first meerin on Thursday" in the Cangrega? Ikmal College library, Sfelboncae. There was a large representation of the . Presbyterian, Wesley an, BapeU-t,: Congregationsi,' Lotherxn; PiinritivB' Methodist, and ' United 'Methodist churches, and tbe Rev J. C. Symons ' presided; The Rev J. Rickard was appointed secretary'. T be council considered tbe Police Offences Act Ammidment : Bill now before the Legislative Coonct), and resolved to enter a vigorous pro- teet, and also to petition the Legislative 'Couueil against it. The bill provides for the legalisation of lotteries for charitable institutioru,- friendly todetus, and eaarcbea. \- George Whitoell. aged sixty, was found dead in bed yesterday- at Allendale. The Coroner was informed, but there are no auspicious cir cumstances known. . Piwch 'is this' week ;aevece on the pro? mote re of the "boom" financial institutions. On tbe page of cartoons 'devoted to " Topics' of the week," two email boys are represented as meeting, one leading a . little cur by ' a- string,- snd this conversation takes place " Wher'd ye git 'ml " H'eb ! Stole 'im. Dad an' me's goin' to sell 'im an' start a bank." A child named Percival James Hill died sud? denly id its mother's arms in the Adelaide ex? press on Thursday night when the train . was passing Meredith. - The infant bad been ailing whilst in Melbonrne and was attended by & medical man, but its death was not expected. . A wind and rain storm of exceptional violence swept over the Albury district on Wednesday: For about 10 minutes the rain fell in torrents, and tbe wind blaw with cyclone fury. In Borne outlying towns, notably Jindera, bouses, were stripped bare, and all over the district trees were tork up by the roots and carried, in sbine in? stance:, many miles! Near Tabletop station', a remarkable incident occurred during tbe storm's progress. An extensive dam, containing many thousands of gallons of water, was struck by the wind broadside on for some minutes, and - the water was ' .lifted in a vase volume clean oat of, the dam, and -driven all '-over - the sur rounding country. It is estimated that several hundred thousand gallons of water were lost from (he reservoir. '-'-All fhe bush-fires were ex tinguished by the storm, _ As tbe letter by Dr M'Crea oh the suhjpet of cremation which appeared in" the ' Argu3 of the 2nd inst. and bis subsequent conversation with Mr W.B. G nil fey I e appear fo- haye given rise to some misapprehension, Dr M,'Crea desires that an explanation should be furnished. His letter, he.poiuls out; merely- mentioned -that to those whoie 'relatives- remains- were' -subjected to cre mation tbe conversion of dead ashes in£o living .flowera afforded: an inexpensive 'meaoa. pf pre serving the memory of tbe dead in a more teitbetic manner than storing tbem in an urn, aud it was tp this view of the subject that his conversation with Mr Guilfoyle was directed. :Dr M'Crea adds that nothing was further from his intention than to advocate the general use of human ashes as a fertilising agent. - j The meeting tq celebrate the victory. :of . the tariff reform party in the Uniied States will lie' hold in the Melbourno Town Hall, on >tbe :19tb inst. Tbe: speakers will .include Sir., Henry Parkes, Mr G. H.vReid, of Sydney ; Sir Henry Wrixon, M.L.A., Mr -Robert Reid, M.LC. and Mr Wm, Mahoriey (of the Melbourne Trades Hati Council). Iri order- to mark its disapproval of the irianner in . which the Country Fire Brigades Board is affecting the ; Interests of country brigades 'and town's, the Eiglehawk Borough Council 'oii Tues day night declined to nominate candidates for seats on tbe board. Captain ' Goliey, of the American barque 'H. G. Johnston, which arrived in Adelaide on IWednesday, reports tho total loss of . the barque Italia and the safety of the crew. -The barque touched -at> Tristan D'Acunba on 25tb October, and brought the first news that has been re ceived from the island for about two years, y It- was found that the islanders were eager to obtain supplies of flour and other articles. There, were 50 residents without a governor or clergy, and none but social laws. , There are 12 families and a school and school mistress, and on Sunday one of the inhabitants conducts a. service. Captain Culley learned that the captain and crew of the Italia were on the island await ing a passage fo tbe Cape of Good . Hope. This vessel left Greenock on the 3rd August, laden with coal, for Cape Town, and when 55 days at sea the cargo was discovered to be on fire, and as the flames could not ba got under, a course was shaped for the island of Tristan D'Acunha. where the vessel was lost, the crew saving themselves by taking the boatB, The crew numbered 17, and although Captain Colley, offered to take some of tbem on his voyage, they elected to remain on tho island and uwuit the man-of-war then nearly due. When tho Village Settlements Bill came on for consideration in the Legislative Council on Wednesday night the Minister of Defence an nounced that his colleagues were disappointed that the provision as to the purchase of .private lands for the purposes of the bill should have 'been struck out, as the full benefits of the Go- remnant policy could nut no w bo gecured, Still itik&s; ;lie intention nTthe Cabinet to accept i&meJmiS; ifrHteirid form if J there were no farther alterations of a material character. The Cidci1 cheered this announcement, but bon members evidently did not consider themselves b.uod thereby to abstain from further inter- ferenoe with tbe bill. On the motion of Sir Frederick Sirgood tbe minimum extent of an alioteseot im rtdeeed io oiie acre iropi two cr £cd ,it waj .arranged that ouly advances to tbe e'itenVof Che' of erecting fences- and two- roamed cottages should be made to settlers. Tee Utter amerdment was opposed by Mr George Dsvi, who hinted that, there might oe a 'constitutional difficulty in tbe way of th? Gcvtrftmeot accepting it, but the measure wa nerertbe'ess prcceeded ilb. It wa3 ar- rirK-ed thai it should be recommitted at a in '.are fitting to discuss charges added by Sir Frederick S»rsc©i for allowing the taking up of land by associations of settlers, . __ When, rhe result of tbe division on Mr. M'Kecxis'5 motion was announced Mr Sbiels: move-i tbe adjournment pf the House. It was; evident: that the : Government had received a: blow and vs.? stunned. Bat no sooner was tbe. propoFsI mide than, there rose a yell of dissatis-. faction from both sides of tbe Chamber. Tbe. charge was made by several Ministerialists that: the House was not fceiu2 treated fairly in being: asked to adjourn while several proposals were in doubt, but. the Government .received' support. from " unexpected so'nrees. Air Staughton : favoured the adjournment; but told the Premier, j that he -was responsible for all the trouble.. II. be bad kept to the Cxsterton promise no such: speoa clb .would have been- observable -as that: preien ted by a number of members voting fur ; I lines in order to obtain support for tbe lines ui i their district?. : Mr Isaac:, being a new member, , ! did not know tbe danger of speaking too plainly, and when, in a vehement speech, . he. declared; thai the bit division was a disgrace to ibe House, . tbe whole Chamber was thrown into tumult. Air; Gfllies (says the ' Argus ') rose in iudignstiori, ; and, fired by the cheers of both sides, demanded that the hon member be compelled to withdraw, accompanying the . demand with the announce ment that. the House would. ;not tolerate being addressed in such language, snd with the further remark that he bad , been prompted by tbe Pre mier. ' -Mr Isaacs kept bis feet, and, somewhat blanched, eviuched a deteimlnation to "stick to his words:" Sir Bryan O'Logblen hurried across, and whispered sage coorisel to him, arid then the Premier rose. For a second cr two Mr. Sbiels was silent, hoping to calm tbe storm by saying nothing. Tben he began impressively" Mr Speaker, I did; not hear all " Ob; if you didn't I; did, ' so leave. .the matter :to .me," promptly interposed the Speaker, and the Pre mier su&ided.; Mr IiSac: withdrew in 'deferenco 10 tbe advice of the Speaker, wbo was tbe coolest man iri the Gbainber. Shortly afterwards Mi- Dow 3nd Mr M'LsIlan fell into a wrangle, and when Mr M'Lellan buttoned up biscuat, and an? nounced his intention to "deal with the rinrier- abie membur-r-r," the Speaker, much to his dis gust, left the cbair, to give the House time to cool'down; A novel and peculiar case' has been beard in the Supreme Court in Sydney. .It wa3 brought by Peter Corston and Hannah, his wife, against Harry Bartletc to recover damages for: libel; Tbe plaintiffs carried on a boarding establish? meat in Victoria-street, Dirlinghurst, and the defendant was. a green grocer and poulterer, Failing to obtain payment of a small accoiint which, he claimed to be due to him, the defen dant adopted tbe drastic measure of employing a man to walk up and down in front of the plain tiffs' house with a large placard over His breast marked " Bid debt collectpr," who .occasionally knocked and Sung at the door. The defendant meanwhile sat in his van -on tbe other side of the street, and kept tbe.man strictly, to his ducyi After a performance extending over about two hours, during which a large and delighted crowd collected in front of the plaintiff' bouse, a con stable - appeared, and tbe defendant and bis .as sistant temporarily retired; but they gave a second performance during tbe afternonu. Tbe plaintiffs for this indignity claimed L500, and tbe defendant paid 40: into court as a sufificient expiation - for his offence. The case concluded in a verdict against Bartlett for L300 and coats. As a means of raising revenue it has been sug gested that, the metropolitan refreshment rooms should be fe- licerised. It ia thought L5000 a year would be tbns obtained, and the morality of the coinmunity would not suffer, as depriving the rooms of publicans' licenses " has only in creased the business of adjoining properties. At the iiiquest touching the death of William Thompson, an English barrister who had settled in the : Auckland district, a' verdict of wilful murder wa3 returned against a young man named Scott, who bad been : attending hiiri, and who is suspected 'of having poisoned him: Letters written by -Thompson to friends and re latives acknowledged' the kindness with which Scott bad: nursed him in his illness. - Ori the other band letters written -by Scott, and in- intended for Mrs Thompson,-, went to show that there waq great intimacy between these; two. It is possible, as . the letters were found on Scott, that, they were nevcrseen byMrs, Thomp son. .- , -I - A shocking murder, is reported to.havo taken /place at Tdoratratchie, ' A bla'ckfeliow almost severed the' hedd ' of another native with a batchet.' The' police have gone out to arrest the' ; murderer, ivlio has fled fo Cdrdillo Djwns. A notewprthy feature qf the harvest prospects ; this FeasUnl(wr.itea.4hp'iagnc'uftuiyf irepdirier of -.the ' Australasian. ') is the remarkable absencp ;of rtist ihtoughout the >h'ole colh'njr'. ' Here and i there, in very' s.miill patches, traces .of this Jell idisqe afe vmble,: but the dainage likeiy tqbe, 'occasioned in the, aggregate is. merely nominal.' .There is, of course, still ample, time for, the rust to, spread and- -cause - immense damage to.the I crops, buf- a! feeling generally prevails, why l ; cannot: explain; that: this is not going to- be a rusty yenr: "Farmers all say they have no fear of The plague' this time, although theycan give; ; no" 'reasons' for entertaining' such 'a belief in security: ' Anyhow, the hay crops' have all been cut this year without a touch of rust, and this,'' of itself, is something.to be. thankful for. Rusty hay, is not good for' stock, arid'seldom has such a. quantity of this' fddder been saved which is absolutely frbe of ;the.,i6niplaint. The area cut for Kay is very large' tfiis year, but'the inciting motive has not, been to escape the rust plague so" much m to 'avoid harvesting weeds, j Io.the No; 3 Jury Court at Sydney on Thurs- day an: actress, Mus Ada Juijeen, sued Clmrles Buxton, a .well-known resident of the Newcastle district, for L5000 damages for breach of pro- ,mise ,of marriage. Although defendant hid .formally entered appearance through his solici tor, hs failed to defend the suit when it came on for hearing. Plaintiff's story was that some years ago she cime to the colonies as leading .lady in the .Rickards Company. In 188C she ,-was playing in Newcastle, where she made the acquaintance of defendant, and subsequently became engaged to him. At the request of defendant she gave up her professional engage- tricnts, from which she was in receipt of LC per week and travelling expenses, and quitting the stage went to England to live with her mother Defendant followed her to England, where they often met, and he represented to her that ho waa worth L20 a week. After remaining in England for some lime, he told her that hia bank account was not so good ns he repre sented, and he would have to return to Aus tralia. to look after his affairs. He sailed for the colony, and since then she had never seen or heard from him. Some time afterwards she re» t urned to Australia, and when in Melbourno placed her case in the hands of a firm of solicitors, but she could get no communication from defendant bhe then Instituted tho present . action. His Honour said the rase wa a heartless and cruel one, as the plaintiff, relying on the promises of defendant, had suffered hoary monetary loss by throwing up her profgsiions position. Deferi- dsnt had also by his promises led her to look to a prosffi&tifa; injiine of L1000 a-ypar. The jurv brongw-ih KvHwllct- nthpUfniiff for L1500 damages. >8- MR WERNER, of Cabtep. & Webxer, Ocu. lists, Opticians, will be in Cistlemaine Wednes day, Thursday and: Friday, December 14th; . 15th and 16tb, to test Sights for Spectacles at their representative's, . Mb Max Pincus, Chemist, All Spectacles made ' to order and' guaranteed. Those requiring their Sight tested fur glasses are kindly requested not to delay their, orders. Pamphlets on sight free oil application.','' do 15 