Echoes and Opinions. TuE:Y<oo-reg»l party on, tour, included Mr.; Dinna, Mr, «nd Mn. SEE, and waa accompanied by Mr. A. KELLY, Mr. MORO AN,-Mr. R. STEVENSON, M'B,L.A" and 'other*. .! That Mr. Andy Kelly should'have been a member of tho party, or even a .hanger; on ita skirts, has .justly given à I surprise to i some people. : That this demoorat of the democrats; the man who condemned aristocracy even in the matter of hats,: the maa to whom the barriers'were a monument of aristocratic and autooratio tyranny, ahonld be travelling the country iu the. company of an Earl and a conple of Countesses, comos a revela; tion only equalled by the fact that he boa, amidst his new associates, abandoned the Kelly soft, felt, and taken to the hard hitter. It is anticipated by his friends that the day ia not far distant when the ordinary hard hitter will give place on Andy Kelly's pate to the tall hat, so much affected by those of aristocratic tendencies and autocratio ideas, But after all,; what are hats compared with what they .cover? .An aristocratic tile will no more make an aristocrat, than a. soft felt constitutes a:man and a demoorat. lt's all a matter of taste, even though the style of hat does give an index to thc oharaoter of the wearer.:¿'Some) writer haa said, " Show me tho bat, and I will tell you the oha- raoter of the wearer. I will describe him ao thal bia fellow-citizenB shall thoroughly know him) and appreciate bim accordingly." Wo do not go as fat as that, even though we admit a good deal of per- sonal character may be judged by the' hat that'ie worn, lu fact, we are of those who think thore ie a good deal tb be learnt from hats ; hut much more from the utterances and aotions of those' who wear them. : We learn from'those of Mr. And} Kelly that there is a considerable amount' ol humbug in connection with his tirade against hats, and that by his going over so suddenly to ' ariatobratio oiroles, and the abandonment of his otherwiss historical hat, the weakness of the Labour Members, and their susceptibility ta swallow opinions under the unction of flattery, has been further exemplified. What the country wants is democrats, honest ic utterance and' stable in action. Of such, wo fear,'are not those who have been rolled into Parliament upon a wava of doss representation. THE Vice-Regal tour to the Yarrangobilly Caves through tho Maooro district, appears to have been in many souses interesting and enjoyable! Excep- tion has'been taken, it is' true, to " Ministers availing thomselvea/of Jhe,-.occasionj .when publia hospitality was being extended to the repre- sentative ' of Roy atty and under. the Vice-Regal wing, as it... were to talk . party politios to mixed - assemblies. This , was : . undoubtedly : ? a breach of the ordinary, praotioe under such circum- stances, and may well be overlooked wheo all the surrounding circumstances are weighed. Whilowe say this, we, confess to the conviction that Mr. Sinus should have known hotter, seeing that he has been a Minister before now, and ' that he was very wrong, as in the ease of thé following episode.' At Adaminaby one of tho givers of the feast enter taming the GOVERNOR having taken exception to Mr. Dibbs'-wholesale-and at the same time and place unaccountable-attack upon the principles of .Free-trade, the Premier ÍB'reported to have said, " That ory bf dissont came from a wretched oreature ,-(" Oh', oh !")-one of tho few miserable speoimens of Free-trade humanity who wore still loft'in the country." Such things' are not calculated to pro- mote good feeling, and though possibly ndmissable upon'the hustings, or if addressing a political meeting, were certainly inappropriate on an oooasion suoh as when they were uttered.' Possibly the last has not been heard of these ou-tour political speeches. The worst feature therein . possibly is, that they weaken confidence in the Ministry. ' The Ministry that gains strength in, publia opinion is one that(will praotioe discretion and good sense in small things, os; an index of^what;,may be expootod ,in,largo.; Men in'ofBco have much more than more party aims to consider. There is a timo for everything^ aud oertainly a time when all Beotions of the community join in expressing loyalty and extending hospitality, is not the time for political partizau speeohes, par- ticularly when thoy take a personal 'and abusive turn. The test of good taste is, of course, with those who deliver suóh utterances. - . ".. A CORRESPONDENT writes commenting on tho,very satisfactory report to bo submitted to the aub. Beriberi by the committee of the Maolean Hospital.' His object is mainly to point ; out tho, practice at Maolean in reference to the medical attendance, and to suggest the adoption of. a similar method in rcapeot ; to, the Grafton Hospital. There are, he pointa out, three reaident medical . gentlemen at Maclean, all of whom attend the Hospital gratuit- ously, - There are four doators in Grafton, two of whom aro salaried or rather, we should say feed officers . of the institution. Our correspondent th.inkB that the Grafton Hospital should be thrown open in the same way as that at Maclean to all the doctors, and thus a saviug of expenditure effeoted. This proposal lias been made bofore now. Ia fact when the presont rules were framed it waa a moot point with the oommittoe , whether the position of I medioal officer should be honorary or paid. Rea. eons were thea assigned. for the course adopted which may or may not hare forco at the present time. We would say, hówaver, if the question is to bo discussed at the; ensuing,aunual meeting,.'id should he strictly in view of maintaining, the efficiency of the institution and the assurance that the absence ? of fee would not lead : to : neglect. Under the syatom our correspondent suggests wo have no doubt-the medical men would, arrange amongst themselves for patients being regularly and carefully attended.to, as appears to be the case of Maclean. , " . , > : -m The Weather.-In the vicinity of Grafton some heavy showers foll last week, one oh Saturday afternoon giving .101 points, making a total for the week ot 208 points.: This has done muoh good,' but unfortunately iti benefits have been limited, for beyond a few miles above and below the City, th« fall has been light, and more rain is urgently needidi The weather ot late has been oloje, and the maxi- mum average for the past week hos been 91.C.. ; Synod of Eastern Australia.-At a meet- ing of . the synodioal committee the . convener explained that he bad been' advised . of another ordained minister in the Free Church of b'ootland, who was open ta entertain proposals from Um committee; also that through the Ito v. Mr. Gal- braith, of Ferintosh. a oommuioation had been sent regarding a Free Churoh probationer, whom he deemed a suitable person for the Brushgrove chargf. At a congregational meeting held some, time back at Brushgrove, on tho occasion of the visit of Kev, J. S. McPherson, a resolution wa» adopted requesting the committee to take snob aotion as might be necessary to invite and bring out tho probationer in question, / Snake and Birds.-At Mr. Bawden's residence, Trefusis, on Saturday morning last, it was found that a brown snake had succeeded in enter- ing a cage containing barley birds, and having regaled himself upon one of the birds, was unable to leave. Snake and bird together are now reposing in a bottle of spirit. An interesting specimen. The snake is said to be of the non-venomous kind, and is, we believe, known scientifically as Dipsas Fusca. Arboreal and nocturnal in its habits, and, as would appear, given to patronising small birds. Canary owners would do well to protect their sweet singers at night from snakes, as well as from mos- quitoes. Rifle Club.-Tho first competition of the first quarter of 1802 took placo at tho butts on Saturday. Scores : Ehlers OA, Strauss GO (both handicaps reduood);.Ferguson 50, Tombs 08, Hadfield 07, A. Graham CG, Kimpton CG, Saunders .54, Waterhouse 54, Hookey 51. Frost 51, Lunney 60, ' Clarke 40, Whitmore 40, Finlay 44r* ' Many selectors in .the Albury distriot ¡have been ruined by bush.fires. i-U'x-v.-Sn-tm'f, w'MvwX*. oct; îjdiïioiîrrri aún :n.<^t.i<h uc-wiwm./)} 