LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. BUSH FIRES. SIR, — I notice in the Daily News, at times, reports as to farmers having their crops destroyed through fires — principality bushfires coming along. When living in South Australia it was usual for us to guard against these fires, when the dry season came around, by cut- ting once or twice round the field with the mowing machine, and then ploughing it up, thus aiding as a break if a fire occurred. And further, in connection with the rail- ways, the gangers clear a space alongside the line fence where standing crops are, and for further safety burn the grass in the railway reserve, thus greatly reducing the risk of a farmer losing his crop of wheat or hay. I merely make the suggestion, and if you think it of any value to the farming com- munity, you may publish it. Yours, &c;, CHAS. HUDSON. Fremantle, Jan. 25. The adjourned inquest by the cornor and jury, into the death of a man supposed to be Barrington Davis, whose body was found on the railway line near the North Perth platform on the night of the 21st instant, was concluded on Monday afternoon. The evidence of Henry Rigg, engine-driver, John Crews, guard, and Thomas Latimer, porter, showed that the late train from Fremantle passed over an obstruction a a few yards after leaving the North Perth station, and that on search being made the body of deceased was found between the rails, lifeless and mutilated, the following letter was found near the body : — "To Bitie or Mrs. Barrington Davis : farewell, and in bidding you so, I must tell you you are solely responsible for this rash act. May God forgive me for commit- ting it, and you for causing it. Had you wished you and I could have enjoyed a happy and prosperous life. But no you have thought fit to go your own way, and the result at last is this "Death by my own hand," so to say. No one better than yourself knows what things might have been. A happy and good existence we should have had together, but you thought fit from the first to make it other- wise, and this is the end, Barrington Davis. After all a poor end, is it not ? Bitie Davis. On the back of the page was written :— Mrs. Barrington Davis. My will to a faith- less wife. Unfaithful ? — worse ! By an acci- dent I was frustrated in carrying out my design last night. But better late than never. I glory in the thoughts of your horror on the receipt of the news of this deed. Join me. Take some steps, means, and ways to get there. "Barry." Evi- dence was also given by Mrs. Strutt and her daughter, to the effect that Barring- ton Davis had been boarding at their house three weeks, and was drinking heavily during that time. Detective Guerney had identified the body as that of Barrington Davis, aged about 35 years, formerly a canvasser for the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society. He under- stood Davis was married. The Jury re- turned a verdict. "That the said Bar- rington Davis did feloniously kill himself." 