RAMBLES AROUND SOUTH WAN DIN. Bv 14 MCLDOOX." When I continued u)y peregrinations 1 called to see Sir Enoch Clegg, aud Jiaii a long talk with hiui. but as Mr Clegg d«.us notgo iu for cultivating land I could n«,t pick up anything iu regard to farming. He told me that June aud July are the best months for bark-ringing the native trees, because of the sap beir.g risen ; tlieiefore, the bark-ringing in these months will prevent all future growth below the ring. Mr Clegg's land is certainly very valuable, that is looking at it fron his point of view. He has got iL divided into five or teu acre blocks, and sells them at a reasonable figure per acre, either with or without a weatherboard house erected thereon. Mr Clegg 7 s land is the most central of the whole district, aud it being cut up into small blocks makes quite a township of what was a dreary expanse of trees a short time ago. 1 could not help thinking that great praise is due to one, who, in advancing his own financial interest, is also advancing the interests of South Wandin to an almost incredible extent. Mr Clegg showed 111" over a house he has just finished, for sale. It is a neat weatherboard structure with a wide verandah across the front. There are four rooms about 12ft. x 12ft. Tlia house is nicely painted and papered throughout. He did tell me the price for the house and five acres of land, but 1 have forgotten it. When we returned to the house lie lives iu, I could not but admire the view which can be obtained from the front. I suggested that it would be a very suitable site for a family hotel, hut Mr Olsgg does not believe iu hotels of any description. When I was leaving him, 1 enquired if there was a taste of something handy, but my enquiry was met by the production of a foaming glass of water neat. This 1 swallowed, and also the impromptu temperance lecture which accompanied it ; then we shook hands and I went on my way. I was going past a rather deserted looking house with some signs of cultivation having been iu the past. 1 dismounted from my horse and went in the gate. 1 knocked at the door and a big man appeared, who asked mo what 1 wanted. 1 told him as best 1 could. Then lie started a long rigmarole about a cold lie had, describing the effects and speculating as to the causc. 1 intimated that it must have been caused by drinking out of a damp tumbler ; then 1 left abruptly. I could do uo good with him. 1 went to Mr Harrison's. This genial gentleman and I are 011 very good terms with each other. We have many a time broken a lauce over theological subjects iu the past. I fouud him veinaccessible, and he was quite delighted to give IUC any information that 1 desired. His faini is frontiug what is locally knoivu as Hand's Hill, named after Mr Harrison's predecessor. The land under cultivation is ten acres, two of which are planted with raspberries. He informed me that last season the crop of peas ( Yorkshire Heroes) averaged four tons to the aery. X was pleased to find that Mr Harrison, unlike niost of the settlers of this district, grows enough hay, etc., to feed his cattle nil the year round. Next week 1 am going to what is called out this way—the Mountain. As this is an older settled part of South Wandin, I will, of course, be able to gain more practical information. It is very hard to say what is the average quality of the soil of this district. Like all volcanic soils it runs patchy, chiefly of a reddish, brown color, although there are places where you will find loose chocolate soil and hard, flaky white in the space of one acre. It is so 011 a selection 1 went over the other day belonging to Mr F.eurle r.nd situated about a milelind a half from the block he lives 011 and cultivates. I walked over this place with my gun in search of wallabies. When 1 started from the road I traversed through heavily-j imbered land of a dark, chocolate color, and after walking for some little time 1 was greatly surprised to find that the soil suddenly changed to white, with stunted trees growing far apart. The soil appeared to be good, being what is technically known as "fat" soil, but from the dwarlishuess of the trees ai:d the scarcity of vegetatiou of any sort I should rather incline to the opinion that it is inferior to the. dark land, although 1 have seen fine crops of wheat taken oil' just such soil in the north-eastern district When 1 got back to the road ji'viin I thought 1 would go along and see Mr Heurle, aud also have a look over his farm, so not being encumbered with anv game, 1 hid my gun behind a log and started off. I found Mr Beurle at home He willingly showed me over the place As ML- Beurle's opinion 011 all agricultural work is universally respected, did my best to improve the occasiou. " You have put in more crops and made more improvements 011 the farm than ever this year," I said. " Yes," said Mr B., "ai-d 1 am surprised at myself for so doing, but I have been putting things oil" so long that I came to the conclusion that it would not do to wait any longer." He added that far more work will be Oone on farms around here than usual this year not because of any probable increase in the demand for produce, but more from a feeling of desperation and a desire to do something whilst wailing and hopiii" f,,r better times. Mr Beurle has 4i acres of raspberry canes. I saw at once that there were two or three different kinds -the til bask its, a sort that I have seen cultivated iu Gippsland and Mount Macedon districts to great perfection, aud the La Bell de Fontenay, which the Tasmauian growers assured ma would only grow in Tasmania ;uid nowhere else. But the way they flourish in Sir Beurle's garden proves that the Tasmauian fruitgrowers' knowledge is not infallible. Mr B. tells me that from hi canes he picked six tons last season and expocts to get a much greater quantity next, because a lot of youii" canes he put in last winter will ceiud uto bearing this coining season. 1 hope he will not be disappointed iu this, and also in the price. Aljoat three acres alongside the raspberry bed are leserved for oats and feed crops. The land looks to be in fine condition. Being an abrupt slope facing the east, it has a wreat adva»tige, as it catches the early moi nin" sun. The orchard is well laid out. There are apples and pears principally, and a few cherries. They all look healthy and free from blight. The class of soil on this place seems to be first-class for trees such as late cherries and peaches, but he will not put iu strawberries just yet because the constant attention they require, such as mulching, weeding, etc., would 'make more work than he can undertake at present. I inspected the barns, stables and other outbuildings. I found cx- ery- I thing in perfect order ; in fact, the who'le farm is an illustration of the saying, " a place For everything and everything in its placrt." 1 have not seen a better arranged farm iu any p art „f the colony. But there is one thing that 1 cannot understand, and that is°why the farmers do not go in for wire and wire-netting for fences instead of posts and r;a!s and pickets. It is 50 per cent, cheaper and twice as effective, especially in a place like this where the inevitable bush-fire docs so much damage every j-ear. The reader may be sceptical in regard to my statement about the cheapness, but I can prove that even iu this timber district a saving of 50 per cent, on the cost of construction can ha effected by the use of wire and »ire netting. I have seen it tried in many places with complete success. After leaving Mr Beurle I went 011 to Mr Thompson's estate. This, in common with others, has the Wandin characteristic—a large proportion of timber land and a moderate-sized cleariug. I was received by Mc Jas Parker who is manager for Mr T., and is a gentleman who has had considerable experience of farming in the rural districts of England. He was busy i" T the garden at the time 1 got there. We had a chat about suitable crops for soil such as lie cultivates ; he favours vegetables and fodder crops in preference to fruit; the soil being rather po -r cm be uiore advantageously worked with vegetables and corn bucausu a great percentage of essential matter is returned to tlie soil again when the crop is cut, whereas with fruit it is all take aud m.> give. Mr I'arker has tried to grow currants, but lias failed. He attributes this failure to climatic iuflueucvs. He may ha right, but 1 don't see why they should not be a success here ;:s well as in Southern Califori.ia. It is very similar iu soil and we have here the advantage of a winter without snow. lie is greatly in favour of winter ploughing; lie says the land ougLt to be ploughed long before the spring, and in places that catch the morning sun. All ciops that are not affected by frost should be put in this month so as to give them a Lr 0od start. He had a magnilicent crop of'oaten liav last season, and has a large l ain full of hay and chafl' left yet; more than enough to fodder the cattle over this year. The oats he lias already sown look very well ; it is the kind we call the Southern White ill California, but I forget what Mr Parker said it is named here; anyway it is a g.iod sort aud entirely proof agaiust frost. I aui going to take a run down to Messrs Wiseman Bros, estate in a day or two. anticipate a very iuterestiii" visit. 