york. (From our own Got respondent;) Fr. Delaney had rather a busy time with sick calls during the week. First to Quellington, and the day after to Mour- ambine to attend Mrs. George Flood, who waB reported to be dying. A telegram' received at York the same evening an nounced her death. The remains were conveyed to York for interment by train on Thursday morning. The deceased was buried by the side of her mother, Mrs. Picket. Fr. Delaney officiated.— R;I.P. A young lad, named Conlonj met with a rather serious accident one day la'st'Weekj 1 he was thrown off a horse1, and fell 'on Kiis head, he. is now slowly recovering. Fr. Delaney left York, for Perth on Friday. The "Very Rev. Fr. Gibney, re turned to York on Friday evening. He was called away to Beverley to visit a sick patient on Saturday morning, and return ed during the night. On Sunday he an nounced that owing to the small attend ance at 8 o'clock Mass the former time for second Mass, 10 o'clock, would be revived, commencing on Sunday next when two Masses would be celebrated, it being the third Sunday in the month, and conse quently Communion day for the male portion of the S.H. .. . On Friday last at the Police Court, George Cook, who was charged with an assault ;upon Miss Peacock, was' committed, for 'trial. Bail was allowed. Great ifiteirflSt j appeared to be mantfestedv ' The 'pn-; isoner waB represented byV counsel, bffl? the defence was reserved. i . . ' On Thursday last the mail van from ; Yilgarn brought 2400f odncWA of ' th"A ! precious metal into town, And was duly guarded by an esttbrt Armed" to thb Miss Sutherland the " VitalvSpark," sparkled in' the Oddfellows' Hall on Monday evening. According to the programme the scenery should prove highly interesting. : to travellers - and students of Shakespeare — to wit " Tire Rialto," "Bridge of Sighs," &c.;,.. which, he has immortalized. . Communications by letter appear to be losing interest. Last Saturday's "" Chro nicle contains a list of 39 letters lying unclaimed at the local post' office. Per haps Valentine season will considerably swell this number. Fools 'artd their money are easily parted. Not ' quit'b ' one ' ' thou sand miles distant a " sentimental soMety" conducts its business under the: heading of two questions, viz. A'rer' you 'saved? and, Have you ditto ? The first is merely theoretical, the. second strictly practical. For after the initiated Have stat edthey are- saved , the collector demands proof if: they have , which is confirmed by the sound of the coin falling into the receptacle. There is fun in almost everything. A cricket match between the local "team and one from Wilberforce was spoken of as coming off in York on Saturday. At the sitting of the Local Court held on Thursday a charge agaiiist' the Town. Council was made for the cost of erecting- the fire-bell. As a set off it was contend ed that the work had not beeh sufficiently well done to merit a certain price — neither has the metal' a good ring. Fruit appears to be increasing both in quantity and quality. Grapes are sold at 3d. and 3d. per lb. I am informed that wheat is quoted at 6s. per bushel, and cut hay £8 per ton. Eggs are sold at Is. 3d. to Is. 6d. per doz. Bread at 4d. per 21b. loaf. Meat 4Jd. to, 6d. per lb. VVater from 9d. to Is. per hogsheadl. The weather appears ' to have changed again on Sunday and during the early morning threatened rain, which would have been welcomed as a great benefactor to extinguish the surrounding bu'shfir'es. The Craig estate, including the Castles Hotel, is offered for sale. A telegram iii the Chronicle fromSbuth'ern Cross notifies the death through1 an acci dent of D. A. Gray, a son of Mr. D. Gray, of Perth. Another man named Penn was seriously injured at the same.1 time. Feb. 15. On Tuesday of last week a fatal mining accident occurred at Fraser's SbutK'Mine Southern Cross, by whioh'a young man named David Ayliffe Gray, son of Mr. David Gray,- of Perth, was killed, and another named Edward Penn was seriously- injured. The two young, men were at work underground, and having fired a shot were returning to note the effficfc when a sudden fall of earth enveloped both. Willing hands were immediately at work, and after the lapse of a shbrt time Penn was rescued alive, ' but veiy- much wounded and bruised! Gray' wa® soon after reached, but life was foutid to be quite eYtihct, ' the fall of earth hairing; crushed in his head. 