GENERAL NEWS. The meeting at Fremantle last night was one of the largest and most unanimous ever held at our chief port, and the result was altogether in favor of opening up the rirer, as suggested by theEngineer-in-cbief in his liieid and admirable report. The Commissioner of Crown Lauds (the Hon. vr . j&. jnarmumj, almost, as a matter of course, defended the Owen Anchorage scheme, but he was listened to with im patitnoe and tho feeling of the meeting web obviously adverse to him. When he proceeded to quote from Sir John Coode'e first report adversely to the river, one of the aud:e ce asked the hoo. gentleman to r^ad the same authority's report on the S-.ecees Bankjscheme.and this he did, show ing that Sir John Coode was strongly opposed to it. In regard to to-night's de bate ou tbe Harbor Woiks in the A-sembly it may be tru taJ that thi- Government will not be strongly insistent in regard to the scheme they favor. There is, we have the best reason for telieving, a good, major ity n the Hower house against the Owen Anchorage scheme, and a two to one majority in the Council. Under these circumstances itwould be foolish to press the question to a division, but if a pro posal is madi to refer it to a joint com mittee of both Houses, the Government should seize this opportunity of getting oit of a difficulty, Which may ultimately 1-ad to defeat, for the country will cer tainly n .t stand this all import mt question being shelved. X-.in fe'l yesterday as follows : — New Noreia 8 joints, Perth 1, Fremantle II, Jarrahdale 9. Mandurab 20, Bridgetown 27. Albany 1, Bannister 2(-, Williams 1, and Arthur 3S points. Mn.Yi»«npi shade registrations of the thermometer: — Derby ««, isossauK iu2, dsDDurnHi iu», Carnarvon 101, Geraldton 90, York 94, Perth 95, Fre mantle 90, Bunbury Si, Albany 73 and Es perance80. There was a well attended meeting at ttie Presbyterian Church last night to wel come the Bev. Jas. McQueen, who has re cently arrived in Perth from Scotland, to temporarily take the place filled by tbe tiev. D. Shearer. Mr. McQueen was wel comed by the Rev. B. FTniilin on behalf of the ongregatijn, and after addresses had been delivered the following ladies and gent'.emen contributed to the musical pro gramme : — Mr. H. H. Holinan, Mrs. MacKay, Mr. J. G. Taylor, Miss Vickers, airs. Gibson. Mr. A. V. Taylor, Mua Hol inan, Miss Burness, Mr. J. Hope. Mr. Hooley, in the Legislative Council yesterday, gave notice that be would ask the Colonial Secretary at the next sitting of the House, whether tbe Government Were aware that serians crimes had recently been committed bv- aboriginal natives iu tbe northern disiricts of the colony, and also whether they intended taking any steps over and above the ordinary pro tection, and the nature of the steps pro posed. Sorely in view of his position Mr. Mar mion is one of the most unwise and jndis creet of politicians ! Last evening at ( Fre- mantle the Commissioner of Crown Lands, regardless of his responsible position as a member of the Ministry, did not hesitate in hid aoxiety to force tbe Owen Accho.-agu scheme on the public to speak in terms of disparagement of Mr. O'Connor, the £n?'neer-in-€hirf. It would be as well tor tbe government to allow it to be understood whether or n'.t on this occasion tbe Commissioner of Crown Lands was speaking with their authority and sinction, as for a member of the ministry to speak thus of one of the most important and highly paid oflk-:a's in the Government service is to &ay; the least d;squietiug The lia'f-yeirly meeting of shareholders of the W.A. Bank was held to-day at no»n. in the bank premises, St. George's Ter race, th-* Hun. ti. Shenton presiding. The 101st half yearly report and balance sheet stowed that the net profit for the half year ended December 31 was .£8,498, and the balance fr in the previous h^tf-year made & totil of £24,990 available for divi dend. A dividend of 17o. 61. per share, equal to 17* per cent per annum, was recommended, absorbing £5,125, and leav ing .£18,865 to be carried to reserre fund, increasing it to ,£98,865, which total is now la- ger than tbe pai.l-up capital. An agency of tbe York branch had been opened at IJtvcriey during the year. The report and balance sheet were adopted, aud the usual complimentary votes of thanks to the dir eetois and the manager and officers were carried. The following appears in the . obituary column of the Adelaide Observer in its last issue : — News has come to hand of the d-ath iu London at the age o-a 49 of Mr. Robert Dixson, formerly of Adelaide, and a late member of tbe bouse of Assembly in this colony. The late Mr. Dixson was bom in Sydney, Kew South Wales, in May, 1842, and educated at the (grammar School and University in that city. For many years prior to bis death he was head of the firm ttf Messrs. E. Dixson and Sons, the woll-known tobacco manufacturers. The business was founded by bis father, ami ui xot 4 uie uece-u?eu rcuueiu:tu cvik to South Australia, from Sydney, to extend the firm's operations, which have assumed very large proportions of late yeais. The Company have establishments in Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide, and Fremantle. Mr. Dixson, whose death is now announced, sat In the South Auatialian Lej-islatnre for three years. In April, 1881, when tbe Assembly was comprised of forty-six mem jers, and the District of Light returned three. - representatives, Mr. Dixson was elected for that constituency with Mr. H. V. Moyle and Mr: (now the Hon.) Jcnkin Coles; the present Speaker, and sat through the tenth Parliament until the dissolution in March, 1884. He was a pro minent private member, an able debater, and very energetic, and'fiad he . remained long in politics would, no doubt, have at tained considerable distinction. His speeches indicated a good classical edu cation. The late member was among the most vigorous advocates of a, protective policy for the encouragement of colonial industries. Mr. Dixion visited England at different tiuie.°, and left Adelaide for tbe old country on the last occasien nearly two years since. He leaves a widow, one daughter, and two sons. The eldest son, Mr. H. S. Dixson, was for 'Some time a City Councillor, and is now Manager of the firm's business in Western Australia. The late Duke of Devonshire was known to the English public as the proprietor of a beautiful iron tree, standing in Devon shire Park. The tree; which was a thickly foliaged imitation of nature, served the purpose of a watering-can, or c«ld shower. You first lured your man underneath the tree and then quietly retired to turn on a tap. Thin streams of water poured down from every leaf, -md the effect was intensely funny for the man at the tap. Another injustice to' other Eiders,' from the Bulletin : — The Easterners who have purchased, on paper, allotments in Sand opolis, W.A., will be rather disgusted when they take a sight to find their corner block has bl jwn away. Our business columns to-day contain an announcement from Mr. A. Dyson, notify- ing that he has taken over the business of Messrs. Barrington Bros., as coachbuilder, wheelwright, &c.;, in Murray-street. Mr. Dy- son has added to the various departments of the establishment that of undertaking, at cheap prices, in which he hopes to re- ceive a fair share of public patronage. At the Fremantle Police-court this morn- ing, before Mr. J. Lilly, J. P., Isabella Turner was sent to prison for 21 days for being drunk. Ben. Brittain answered to the information, charging him with obstructing the footpath and with refusing to give his name and address to the police. After hearing evidence both informations were dismissed. Joshua Davis was charged with allowing two horses to trespass in the police paddock. On admitting the charge the defendant was fined 1s. each horse and costs. Referring to prospecting in the neigh- borhood of the recent auriferous discovery on the road to YOgara our correspondent at York wired this morning : — A powerful syndicate, comprising some of our lending townsmen, have secured the services of MessrB. Michael Toomey (of Southern Cross renown) and Patridk Sherry, to fully pro spect the new Greeal Ttitlg find: Mr. TVomey is very sanguine and has taken shares in the concern. Other parties hive gone out. Toomsy believes the reef will be found to be a very extensive one. A large bushfire occurred yesterday in Mr, Edwards' paddock and is still burning. The, weather is intensely hot. Tbe Nor tham cricketers play the York team at York to-day. Oar correspondent at Geraldtjn tole ^raphed to as yesterday : — The result of the go-as-you-please for two hours on Sat urday evening resulted in favor of a win for Ankers, Wilier second, Fraser third. A distance of fifteen miles nine laps was covered. News was received this afternoon by tel egram from Mr. H. P. Keep, tbe / cting Government Resident at Boeboarne, that Mr. A. Edwards has reported the death of Mr. A. E. F. Canning as having taken place on the 3rd inst., he having been speared by a black on tbe 31st nit. This circumstantial account tenders this aad news all the more certain. The young man named Houligan, who was injured at tbe Canning Saw Mills the other day wfatiat In the -as.tr pit, died at the Colonial Hospital this afternoon. The Legislative Council sits this evening at 8 o'clock. The business includes the se coud reading of the following Bills : Muni cipal Institutions Act Amendment BUL Third Judge of the Supreme Court Bill, and Alteration of Titles of Public Offices and Officers BUL The Sharks Bay Pearl Shell Fishery Bill and the Game Bill will again be considered in committee. The consideration in committee of the Settled Land Bill is also set down for to-night. In the Legislative Assemblv to-night, Mr. E. F. Sholl- will move that the House r solve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of dealing with the follow ing Besolution : — ' i'hat iu the opinion of this House it is expedient that, in conseq uence of tbe hostile attitude and the dep redations constantly committed by the aboriginal nitives on the Upper Gascoyne, .Murcbison, and Ashburton Bivers, tbe Government should, without delay, take prompt and efficient measures to protect thelives and property of the settlers in that locality.' Mr. A. Forrest will move, '? That m the opiuion of this House steps should We at once taken to open communi cation by wire between York and South ern Cross.' A magic lantern entertainment ?vill be held this evening in the Cathedra! School room, at 8 o'clock. Bishop Parry will pre side. The subjects selected are—' The Life Boat,' and - John Gilpiu.' Mr.J. C. H. James will deliver tbe connective readings, and eereral Lidiesaud gentlemen, including St. Alban's choir, have promised to assist. Last ni^ht witnessed the last swxe.-n of Messrs. B iieman aud O'G--ad- s first stay in Fremantle, when ' East Lynne ' was performed before a crowded house. The piece went smoothly throughout. The part of Lady Isabel, afterwards Madime Vine, nndei taken by Miss Alice Player merited the greatest praise. The two death scenec—fir.-t of little Willie after wvd-- of Lady Isabel — were very affecting, tlie audieuce being much moved. Mention should be made ef Miss Beatrice Lys'er as Miss Cornelia C&rlyle;, who caused much laughter. Miss Nellie Howard, as Barbara if me, was, at times, somewhat unnatural aud jerky. Mr. W. B. O'Grady, as Sir Francis Levison the vil'aia, was very effec tive. Mfcssre. Bateman will perform again in Freinaatle on their return jouraey, in about a. fortnight. In the L -£isl ilive Council yesterday af teraoon, tbe Colonial Secretary gave notice of his intention to move the insertion of a new clause in tbe G.-ime Bill to provide fur the destruction of certain game in a reser ved area by special license. Ha explained that tiie suag wa3 t'ouud to bn a great nuisance in Perth Water, and by this clause the ColoHial Secretary could issue a special license ta any person to destroy the bird withia the area pr ^claimed. William Sandoveb & Co. have jnst re ceived a shipment of English and Amerioaa Perambulators. P-ices wondmuliy low. William Sakdover & Co., Perth, Fre mautle, and Albany. u c The West Australian Foundry Company, Hay-street, Perth, licensed PlumbeFs and Sanitary Engineers, are prep.ir.jd to lay Water Services at very low rates. A larj£ staff of licensed Plumbers employed. 442 The West Australian Foundry Company are unrivalled for fine Castings, Architec tural Ironwork in any designs, at lowest possible rates. . 412 The HOUSE OF COMMONS WHISKY is the only Scotch- Whiskey supplied to the Refreshment Committee of t!-ie House of Commons. Can be Bad in Western Austra lia from all Clubs, Hotels, and wholesale from WILLIAM SANUOVEE & CO., Kre mantle and Albany. 912 Tbe West Aust-alian Foundry Cojjpany, Engineers, Ironfouaders, Plumbers, Qaa Fitters, and Importers, Hay and Murray streets, Perth. 412 