TSOTES FROM PINJARRAH. [From a Correspondent.] The race meeting on Thursday (25th) was very good, but was somewhat delayed, owing to a larg-* bushfire sweeping over nearly two-thirds of the course. Mr. James Cooper's horses came off best in the Maiden, won bv Tremo'ando. a vounerster fev Tre raando j the Flyiug Stakes (strange to say a selling race) was won by Countes3 ; the Pinjarrah Stakes by Lowlander, and Losers' Handicap by Rob Roy. Mr. Harry Blinco's Vision won the Pony Race and Breeders' Stakes, as he liked. The little beauty was greatly admired, but a little jealously was noticable by the Pinjarrah people. Mr. E. Jonas' Lass won the Hack Race. On Friday an eleven of the Pinjarrah Cricket Club were to have played a match with the Fremantle visitors ; but the P.C.C. members were all so busy, beating out the bushfire on various settlers' lands, to turn up. The annual race meeting at Pinjarrah is undoubtedly the local event of the year, every settler in the Murray district being met with there. Iroin the evening before and for two or three days following there is a regular 'shut up shop' time, except with the hotels and hawkers (who flock there in goodly numbers with carts and packs.) The bush fires have been (and are) destroying thousands of acres of feed, 8om9 of the settlers suffering very severely : two large paddocks I noticed, on our way to Mandurah, belonging to Mr. Geo. Paterson, being swept quite clean of feed, and a considerable quantity of fencing destroyed. The fird was stil raging, taking a sweep away towards tho Marrinup (or Mowerina) Plains. I understand large numbers of cattle and horses graz- on these plains. Tha Marrinup Plains looked very pretty, as we came on to them, on our way down South, but were tlien on fire at the Pinjarrafe end. Our hotel experiences were agreeably reversed on our arrival at Man durah, where we fared sumptuously, and were very hospitably received ; in fact at Mandurah kindly treatment of visitors is the order of the day, everything possible being done to entertain one. Messrs. C. Tuckey & Co.'s fish-preserving establishment at &Jaodurah;, is now in full swing, canning. Large quantities of mag nificent large mullet are being caught and tinned just now. This company have a fruit preserving factory at Pinjarrah, but it is now idle, the stock in hand at present exceeding the demand. The samples shown us were quite equal to (and in a great many instances better than) the imported articles. It is to be hoped the public will better ap preciate this industry in the near future, as it so richly deserves. However, the perseverance of the manager, and of the firm generally, will stand them in good stead, I urn quite sure. 1 he bar at the entrance to Mandurah is quite choked up with sand, the smallest boat being unable to enter or leave, and is also preventing the finny tribe from enter ing the rivers and estuaries to deposit their spawn. I forgot to remark on the quantity, and splendid quality, of the fruit, in and round Pinjarrah. It ia a great pity the splendid peara, &c.; that are grown there are used for tbe pigs, in stead of being brought in to our chief mar kets. Mr. George Paterson, who grows some beautiful; fruit (1 speak from expe rience), states that it costs more to bring it to market than it can be sold for. Probably next season the fruit may be marketed over some portion of the Bun burp-Bayawater Bailway. Bye-the-by, I might suggest to the Pin jarrah Bacing Club the advisability of ad vertising their programme in the daily papers. Had they done so this year, I do not hesitate to say the attendance of towns people would have been greater, and I am Sure' their fttnds would have been increas ed', by Bukcription as well as gate money. February 27. 