I LATEST TELEGRAPHIC, j '' Coif's Harbour, Tlmrsdny. : TUE steam tug HaiTington, from the Bel- linger Heads, parted her moorings, and drifted on to the rooks at the South sido of the Bay. She now lies tin the beach, about 200 yards-below the jetty, quite snug, " "All bands were saved. - The rudder has dis- appeared, and the tug is full of water. The captain is Axing pumps, and will endeavour to float her into the Bellinger River.' A later message states the Harrington is still in the same position, and that Captain Hall, from the Underwriters' Association, arrived to-day with tho tug Volunteex*, to endeavour to float the Harrington. Sydney, Thursday. To avoid the discharge of eighty men from the Hetton colliery, at Newcastle, the minei-s suggest the readjustment of working entail- ing no greater cost to the colliery. Mary Jane Bourke, administratrix. of the estate of Charles Bourke (deceased) com- menced an action yesterday against the City Council, claiming £5000 damages for alleged negligence. Only the tender of Mr. A. Armstrong was received yesterday, for the manufacturo of 175,000 tons of steel rails in the colony., No further developments have occurred in connection with the outbreak of small pox in South Australia. At Melbourne yesterday Chnrles Staples, Robert Dilly, John Hiiroldson, and Francis Norwood, were couimittted for trial for mak- ing falso balance sheets in connection with the Anglo-Australian Bank. The now pilot steamer Captain Cook, built .to tho order of the Marine ' Board was launched yesterdny from Mort's dock. She was christened by Lord Jersey. A strike of the unionist wharf labourei-s has occurred at Newcastle owing to Gibbs Bright and Coy. having refused to pay in- creased wages for loading frozen mutton on ships for which they are agents. Tho Colonial Treasurer says tho revenue for the year is likely to como up to his ex- pectations. Destructive bushfires were started yester- day on the South Yathong station at Jerilderie. An explosion of dynamite took place yesterday in tho Homeward Bound mino at Yalwal, several men being injured. At the Central Criminal Court yesterday a solicitor named J. John Greer MHchum Wild, was convicted for misappropriating two cheques each for £1000, and. was r<£ manded for sentence. Jacob Molt« alUm Jacob Lawrence Besant, and William Thomas Goyle, aro being tried at tho Quarter Sessions for performing an illegal operation.' Tho Minister for Works mid party returned to Sy du ey last night from their northern trip. Sydney, Friday. Tun Imperial Hotel at Mount Victoria wan destroyed by tire early yesterday marilin-;. AU tho occupants escaped. Nugget« weighing 20a'M. and 190*34. aro reported to have been found at thu Hutu vin gold-tiulil, Qiieoitslaad. Tho provisional committee for thu proposed National regatta aro disbanded, members having: failed toseeuro thu necessary guaranteed amount. An oxamlimtlon of tho books ot Slr M. IT. Dnvios showed that on December, 1888, ho possessed assets amounting to £598,780 mid that lils liabilities were thoa nil. In Mulboarno, yesterday, Mr. Justlco Williams Ïran teil au application to have tho liquidation nf tho leal lisíalo of tho Mortgage and Deposit Hunk con- tinued under thu supervision nf thu Court. Thu South Clifton lnlaurs uro working nt a reduced rato linder protest, their dispute with thu ninnugeiiiont having been roforred to a council of conciliation. A Picoting of creditors of Slr M. H. Davies was huid at Melbourne yesterday, when a report- was presented showing that lils liabilities amount, to £130,321 and his assets to £28,769, leaving a dotlcioucy of £101,552. Mr, A. Ilruco. Chief Inspector of Stock, presented ii report to the Minister for Mines and Agriuulturu on the Australian Stock Conference recently hold nt Wel- lington, N.Z. In thu No. 3 Jury Court, ypstorihiy. Miss Ada Janeen, nu actress, obtained £1500 diuaiiges for breach of promise against Chus. Buxton, lalo of Newcastle. Tho ease was midufunded. ' At Iho Nowcnttlu Quartal' Sosslons, yesterday, n youth named Waitui* I licks, for Indecently assaulting a «Ililli, wns Honteiiced to llvo years' iional sorvitudo and 16 lashes. Thu number out of work nt Broken Hill has boon reduced materially during thu last fuw days. Slr George Dibbs gave notteu of motion in tho Assembly, yestorduy, for rust riet lng tho motloiiH of luliouriimcut nuisance. Inquiries at thu leading Sydnoy Banks show that tho alarming rumours circulated in London with respect to tho llnanolal Institutions hore aro utterly devoid of foundation. In an notion brought by Mary Juno Bourke against the City Council, in willoh £5OU0 damages wore claimed as compensation fur tho death of her husband, thojury yesterday returned a verdict for £723 6s 8d. Tho cadet uiieiimpmoiit. nt. Middle Hund wns struck yosterdny. Fourteen of tho cadets at- Middle Hoad ciicniiipinoiit, yesterday, weru disinissod from tho force fur breach ot disciplino lu departing; from tho cami) without leave. Sydney, Friday night. THE Marina Board gnvo their rosorved decision to-dny with reference to tlieeluirgos of incompetency brought against Captain M'Ktniion, of the Port Glnsgnw. Thoy had decided to dismiss thu casu. Although thu Board were not ut present .instilled in dealing with tho olll eers of tho Hhip, Ihoy could not refrain from Haying that they (as tho olllcers! had utterly lulled Ia their duty to the captain iiithotrylngelrcuiiiHtaiiceln which' ho was placed by his insubordinate and mircasnnnblo crew. Tho Board guvo their decision respoetlng tho foundering of thu tug Marvel, and decided that no himno was attachable to thu muster. Aldurinan Mutating hus buen iinnnlmouHly ro*olectotl Mayor of Sydney for the ensiling year. An inquest was commenced to-day on tho strnngo drowning of a child twolve months old, named Pearllno .Tonkins, daughter of n single woman named May Jen- kins, lt appeared tho mother left tho child near tho edgo of a wharf at Drummoyne, whun it full into tho watermill was drowned. The Inquest is adjourned. In the notion I'lirrauuittu Council v. Rosehill Unclog Club, ii claim of £210 for rutes, tho jury found for defendanlH. Arthur Pride was to-day Unod £20. or six months, for thu thoft of two letters front tho General Post-olllco, containing a sovereign and a half soveroiga. Accused wan a Kurtur, and a wutoh being set Ito wu» dotcctvil in thu nut. Charles Struck and Goorgo Lowis, two pollco con- stables, were dismissed from tho force for unlawful assaults. A deputation of citizens of Noweastlo to-dny Inter- viewed tho Minister for Works, and submit ted u num- ber of aniendinents which they considered necessary to tho Noweastlo Hnrboiir Trust Bill. Mr. Lyiieproniiscd to favourably consider the requests. Tho charge against Malz mid Cuylo for alleged mal- practice ls not concluded. A mini named M'Luughliii, who osenped from Yass gaol four years ago, has Hiirrundured himself to custody. Mr. Creer, of the Labour Bureau, has arrived ut Broken Hill, to Inquire Into the distress muong tho mines. Voluntary Séquestrations.-Wm. C. Attwntor, Cop- manhurst, licensed publican. In tho application of Tims. Stnnll tho Registrar itt Bankruptcy suspended tho cortlttcato for six months, ott tho ground that tho bankrupt had failed to keep books. Ill tho Assembly, Mr. Copeland, in answer to Mr. Black, according to tho Registers of tho Lands Depart- ment. Mr. Gnrvon uppenred tobe tho owner of 2966 aercs. mul 25 perches in tho parish of Byron, and 395 acres in tho parish nf Tunstall. In the Tweed district. £120 npprnved for consideration on next yenrs' osti matcs for repair or road from Uiver Bnnk at Gears', to Alumny Creek. The now clinker four built by Mr. F. Morrow for tho South Grafton B.C., was launched this wcok, mid tho trlnl wns most satisfactory, proving that, thexo boats eau bo turned out. creditably by our local tratlesmon. 