BUSH FIRES IN THE COUNTRY. CASTLEMAINE, MONDAY. Bush fires continue at Sutton Grange and Mount Alexander, and a good deal of damage has been done. EUROA, MONDAY A large proportion of the grass around Euroa has been burnt to-day by bush fires. The whole of the Seven Creeks Estate, 6,000 acres the property of Mr. Robert Byrne, Mel- bourne has been swept clear. This estate was leased last week to Mr. William Smith, who had 10,000 sheep on the way to the estate. About 30 miles of grass has been destroyed. Another large fire is burning at Branjee, on the other side of Euroa, while the Strathbogie Ranges, round Violet Town are also ablaze. Great damage has been done to small landholders. PENSHURST, MONDAY. On Saturday an extensive bush fire occurred on the Cheviot Hills estate the property of Messrs J. A. and T. Hutton whereby some 2,000 acres of grass a large quantity of fencing and a number ol valuable merino rams were destroyed. The fire was confined to the north-eastern portion of the run adjoining the township. During the day Mr John Hutton experienced a very narrow escape at one time being completely sur- rounded by the fire whilst engaged rounding up stock. The total destruction of Eden, the residence of Mr Thomas Hutton was also narrowly averted the fire in the paddock adjoining, which was covered with a heavy crop of thistles, raging violently. Yesterday another large outbreak occurred on the adjoin- ing Kolor Estate, and spread with great rapidity in a southerly and easterly direction, covering an area of some miles, and in its progress sweeping the Mount Rouse Park (Burnbrae) Estate the property of Mr. Gubbins and a number of smaller holdings in the neighbourhood of the township. It is feared that the loss of stock on the Kolor Estate will prove considerable. The fires were the most extensive that have occurred in this locality for many years past, and it is estimated that fully 10,000 acres of grass has been destroyed principally on the Kolor Station. A fire also occurred on Langulac the pro- perty of Mr Edward Twomey, distant some six miles from Penshurst, but no particulars are yet to hand concerning it. Its progress is believed to have been arrested before very much loss was sustained. 