THE CULTIVATION OF LUCERNE. By Bkckz. Lucerne is one of the oldest as well as one of the best of fodder plants, and has probably been grown since men made provision for feeding their domestic animals. It Jibs proved beneficial both in the tropica and in the temperate climate of Northern Europe. The Romans held it in high estimation, and took great pains in its cultivation. Pliny calls it a foreign herb from Greece, and says it was brought thither by the Medea daring the Persian rat. He plaoes it among the best of fodder plants, and says that from one sowing it would last 30 years. Columella also praises it highly, but makes the term of its existence only 10 years. From the mode of cultivation adopted by the Romans it could not be other than a short-lived plant. Hie best land was chosen for the purpose, and it was manured and watered. An enormous quantity or seed was sown, one of Columellas directions for its cultivation being to cover the ground thickwiih seed. Under a better system of oaltivatioa lucerne has been known to last nearly 100 years. It was extensively grown in the South of ftanoe andSpainfrom the earliest tames. \a Kngiand Jethro Toll was a great behever in iuoemeas a fodder plant. This old fannw favoured light sowing, and recommended thai whereit is sownrn drills the intervals should be S3in. broad. He gives the folio*" ing instance of the advantage of having toe Plants well separated, and cultivating the land thoroMWyT—-"Where some plants of the luoemen&ve; been planted 2ft asunder in poor dry land, which wa> kept olean f ro» weeds ana frequently digged, each plant has sent forth upwards of 900 stalks, and these have been Sin. or Tin. high by the middle of March." Wherever laceroe has been grown careful cultivators have been agreed upon tne necessity of keeping the surfaoe of w»e sou free bom grass. As surely as tire sou »e comes coveted with h sward of, grassy surely does the luoeme plant begin to fane away. The opinion that luoeme will not stand grating has arisenfrom the plants &&&£??&&?& "uSfwte&eS;^yeOT not much grown in Victoria—hideed, it <*. not be otherwise in a land where thepe* bulk of the live stock depended ^tirely™ the natural herbage oHne oo^ti* altm^ly small with . use in Victoria. I have met with many in stances of small plots of lucerne being grown from the warmest to the coldest distnots pf the country, and invariably the experience lias been the same—the plants have died out o fpw years. The fault was not in the years, me jruu, «•» lo«nt but in those who grew it; the land was fiean. and the surface became not kept clean, and the surface became covered with ft sward of grass, which is nearly os fatal to lucerne as dodder. In that portion of Riverina bordennjj on the Murray, which I have named the lucerne land," the use of this fine fodder niantwos first demonstrated as a substitute For the native pasture. The experiment has been carried out on a grand scale and though the experience of this mode of treat ing luceme extends over only a lew yeara, the results have been bo highly satisfactory that we may fairly anticipate that within the next ten years there will be a larger area under lucerne in this part of Rivenna than in.ali the rest of Australia. Within the last four vears something like 14,000 acres of land have been sown with lucerne,and in every case the growers are highly satisfied with the re sult All that is necessary to keep the plant in robust health is to give it the entire possession Of the land, keeping down the weeds either by harrowing, scarifying, or by stocking the land heavily at the time the grass and weeds are making strong growth. The last-named process is the simplest, and will be generally adopted. The preparation of the soil lias much to do with the successful growing of lucerne. On many occasions during my trip in the luoerne land I had the opportunity of seeing the effect of different styles of cultivating the land upon the growth of the plants, and I noticed that good cultivation always pro duced the best growth. The gross should be well covered, and, in order to give the young lucerne plants a chance, the sowing should be made in spring. Autumn sowing gives the weeds and1 grasses an opportunity to establish themselves, while any frosts that may occur are sure to be injurious to the young lucerne, which is very tender in the earlier stages of its growth. By ploughing the land in spring ana sowing in September, or even October, all danger of frost is over, the lucerne comes away before the grass and weeds have a chance to grow, while the in creasing heat that severely tries the shallow rooted plants causes the luoerne to strike deeper into the soil. In Riverina it has been shown that 2J,lb. of seed to the acre is quite sufficient, though it is not so long ago since ten times that quantity was deemed necessary to ensure a good crop. Care must be exercised in sowing the seed, as owing to negligence on the part of the men employed in doing the work there are frequent long strips in the fields upon which not a plant of lucerne is growing. This is not the fault of the Cahoon machine, which is in general use, but of those who are too careless to use it properly. The cost of laying down land with lucerne has been'very much reduced since it has been grown on a large scale. At present all the dead and living trees are left as they are, and only the fallen timber is cleared up. This con be done in the box forest country at a cost of 4s. per acre. Ploughing is done ' by contract for 8s. per acre, and narrowing the land three times is done for 3s. per acre, while the sowing costs Is. per acre. After the seed is sown a very light harrowing suffices ; indeed, some persons merely draw bagging over the land. At Collendina the . covering is effected by drawing over the Sur face a 8tout sapling to which are attached a number of very small branches. It is the general opinidn of those who have little or no experience in lucerne growing that it is injurious to feed it off the first year, but this is a mistake. Where there are such large areas to deal with as in the lucerne land, cutting the first growth is out of the question, and as it renders the plant spindly to allow it to produce seed, there is nothing for it bnt to feed itoff with sheep. There is a difficulty in doing this where the enclosures are very lane. The lucerne hating been sown at different periods, some will be in blossom when the latest sowing is sufficiently advanced to put stock on. In this case it will be necessary to put on some young cattle to eat the longer growth, as the sheep will remain on the young plants till they eat them to the ground. It Beems a severe ordeal to treat a young plant so severely, bnt it suffers no injury, for on being given a spell, espe cially if there should happen a good rainfall, it springs up more vigorously than that which has been allowed to grow up and blossom. Where it can possibly be done the land should be harrowed in the autumn, or what would perhaps be better, a light scrape should he given with the scarifier. On the Darling Downs this is the practice, and it seems to have an excellent effect on the health of the plants. Where one proprietor has as much as 7,000 acres nnder luceme, it may be diffi cult to harrow or scarify the land, but if pos sible it shonld be done. The true value of , Jhja splendid Fodder plant will not be known till the country "north of this Murray between ■ locumwal and Oorowa is in the hands of ™;rn I?0? to aces- Withal lke "Pring crop made into . is difficult tostateat present how many sfieep to the acre, but I think l am safe in saying that three sheep to the acre will be within n!? infair average soil. There is onel ... nictate wii« * incrc is one thing the land-ownera cannot be too careful about, and that is in securing thoroughly clean seed, This can be effected by the seedsmen runnltig it through the machine once, or better Btill, twice. The increased cost of the seed is a small matter compared with the advantage of being free from that curse of lucerne—dodder. Some growers of lucerne say they do not care for a little dodder in luceme that is fed off, and that it does but little harm. Since I was in the lucerne land I have Been severe! fieldB of lucerne that are used for grazing sheep, and in them I saw many patches of dodder. 1 ft-Stf t]iai ^ «rwi l do a great | „iaLof nJ?*y to lucerne that is us . .. lucerne that is use? for grazing stock; The aninials assist in spread ing it over the field, and in a very few yearn it will be necessary to break up the land again. The growing of lucerne presents many ad vantages to the landholder in Riverina. It is a summer plant, and growB at the time of year when green fodder is most required. It has scarcely any equal, and oeirtwnly no superior, for fattening stock. By growing .tins plant tRe landholder can in any ordinary .season secure s fair crop of hoy by cutting the first growth of the year, and thus have ' by him an ainple supply of food for his stock to tide . v- j r * — _... mm|»u ouiqny ci rooa tor ws stock to tide over a bad season. Mot the least advantagepossessedbythe lnoerneis itsim mumtylrpm buah-flres-|hat r v »»vui uusn-nrea-fhftt terror of the . Pastoralistaall over Australia. With a broad hand of luoerne around his steading the etockowner need not feat the approach of a bush-fire, a Ihaerne- field being almost as good a safeguard as so much .fallowed land. 