THE LATE FLOODS ON THE CLARENCE. GRAFTON, TnunsruY. Liberal donations aro bein,; nulo to the Hool robot fund the North Const bte un Navigation Com juuv genoroiiil} giving 1U0 (.innen rho trusted inL meet ngthieo tunes per we«k to deal with nil cisjs brought loforo ti em Imíteos aro being ippolntod in various contios of the district to act with «tho central boil} at Grafton in dispensing i cliof It has been deci led to purchajo seed potatoes, biri v, ind luroino for disttibution to farmor« Offers of pecnniiry asnstancj line boon made from Bathurst and Goulburn and tho Clanmea it si teats nre deep!} giatoful for the pniclu, 1 sympith} so kuidl} teudciod _ COBAR, THURSDAY At the council meeting last night dissatisfaction was expressed regarding the inferior train accommo- dation foro passengers between Nyngan and Cobar. The carriages on the line are shabby, most un- comfortable and absolutely without conveniences. The Commissioners will be requested to provide adequate acommodation. COOMA, Thursday. Dr Chalmers, Bishop of Goulburn, was enter- tained at a large and enthusiastic social meeting last night in Cooma. He received an address, and made a powerful speech in reply. He leaves for the Ada- minaby and Bombala districts to-day. CROOKWELL TnintstiAV Tho Crookwell show, which opens on tho Otb instant, j romiaes to bo succusful A lirgo numbii ol entries is expeitod in the firm produce bet lou Hie entries close on Monda} nott mid ali coming in well The committee his mule gieat preparations, having spent about £.00 during the } car on uupiov e uieuts . DUBBO, TnimsDAY Tbo Dubbo Chilling and Boiling down Company intend commmcing boiling down nott wool lho works aro situated on tho vest sida of the mor closo to tile town the water being supplied from a well on the bank oftho rivei within the railwav reserve It is then pumped to the vi oiks Tho works aro under the management of Mr l}rc, wh> bus had largo experience lulScw /latand GUNNEDAH Tmrasrm Dslander's Courthouse Hotol u irrow ly escapQd boing burnod down oirlv this morning About 1 o clock a ilio-was discovered in the verandah bed- room, tho ti unos issuing irom the door w udow, and through the roof "Plenty of assistaaca wa3 soon on the spot, with an abuudanco of water lho night was very calm, and within an hour tho fire was ex- tinguished The occupier of the bedroom, a man mined C irmiehnol w as soverel} burnod, ami had to bo lomovcd to tho hospital LISMORE, TmmsDAY Tho Dislnct Court was coueludcd to da} V\ ith tho exception of a few ca si cabes, iho only can hav ii g spcciul interest was an action for d images, Diwos v Kerie and Kerlo Plaintiff claimed £50 for trespass mid loss Biista ned | to his crop and grass bv tho remov li oi fences h} j aef m lints for tho co istructioii of iho rniivvav Mr O ltv m appetite 1 for tho plaintiff and Mr 1 nrletou for ino détendants His Honor sud the case was vcrv diftorciit to one ot ordinär} trospass und ho did not think thoro wai cause for ne lou Mr O Rjan argued other» iso at considerable length but ulti in.itolv, his Houor being agunst him, he said ha w ould accept a nonsuit MACLEAN, TunnsDVY An old blackfellow, name 1 Saudynion, who some years aojo »a» alleged to have killel iinothei black, named King iômmy anti also his wifo, struck a gin named Rosey on tho head with a how} stick during a c imp row and was cb irged at tho polieo court tins morning with the oftonco His ago was taken into consideration and ho was sentenced to n few diys' imprisonment The injin ed gin li is rocov cred by tho aid of medical assistance lor Ins former crimes Sandyman wai never punished al ho hucccssfull} eludí d the police for yo irs until the nuthontias de- cided not to interioro w ith lum Au extraordinary heavy fog was experienced on the Lowor Claronco this morning It wu the heaviest that has been known for .cars MIT1AGONG, TnnranAY A bazaar in md of the Presbvterian Church was opened m the Church of Ln^land bchoolroom to da} by Mr 1 Beaumont MUDGEE, TinniSDAY. Bishop Bj mo held a confirmation sei vice at Stony Crock yosterday At the annual meeting of tho Cooyal D ury Com- pany, held a du} or tw o ago, the report, w hieb was adopted, showed that during the year 217 1-ß gallons of milk had been treated, yielding S-1,-!S211> of butter. 1 ho total receipts w ore ¿19^4 of w huh £3039 w ore pud to suppliers A dividend of S per cent w us declared NEWCASTLE, TntrnsDVY Ernest Sool, for manslaughter, was Beuteucod to- da} to three j ears' imprisonment the District Court was opeuod to-day by Judge Wilkinson This evening a grand bazaar was oponed nt the Adamstown Mochamos' Institute with great suecos« by Mrs D J M'Le in of Newcastle 1 ho proceeds are in tud of the institute's funds The ba/aur is the finest opened jot lu Adamstown, aud a sub- stantial sum is likely to bo roahsed PICTON, TmmsDAY. Four selectors took up 210 acres of Crown lands at the local lands omeo to-day The receipts woro £33 RICHMOND, TnonsnAY At a gonornl meeting of tho members of the behool of Arts, called for tho purposo of deciding what steps should be taken to raise funds for tho making of additions to tho building, it was resolved that the members of tbo committee sign a bond of £50 each (tho sum required being £500), and that tho standing rules be altered to admit of thoso committee men who Btgn remaining m office until their liability is re- moved. ULMARRA, TnrmsDAY. The Mayor of Ulmarra (Aldorman Thomas Glissau) has intimated that the Ulmarra Council is unanimously m favour of lists being opouod to ro- bore tho distress on the Clarence WENTWORTH, TnonsnAY Another bush fire broke out in close proximity to town It -was raging on Monday and Tuesday The heat gradually increased, and im 111 in tho shado yesterday tho highest registered this summer The steamer Brewarrina left for Bourke with a full load of general cargo yesterday The Gem left for Morgan , The passage of the Monindio Tramway Bill through '«House ia anxiously awaited hythe residents of lus diatnot The district generally u in favour of it, having sent a petition some time ago to that effect. WINDSOR TnuiiSDAY Tbo annual mooting of shareholders m tho Windsor Gas Company w as hold on Friday night last, when Mr. S. f. Grienwell occupied tlio chair. Tho rov ontio of tlio company for tho year was shown by tho balance-sheet to havo been £2007 15s, and there waa a profit of £131 8s lid. Tho company has an ovordi ift of £1137 18s, on which interest at the rute of 7è per cent, is beiug paid. It ts proposed to tako stcjis to increaso the capital for the purpose of ex- tending the operations of tho company to Richmond. Messrs. fe. E. Djor and C. Holo wore ro-electod directors. 1 ho first annual meeting of the Hawkesbury Dairj Company w as hold on Monday last, lhobalaueo Rhoot showed for tho six months that the company lia« boon m opoiation that Um revonuo bad boon A,lu2u 12s 2d. and tbo expenditure £1533 8a lOd, leaving a balamo of £93 Ks lOd It wasrosolved that 150 bo div ided as a bonus among tho supphcis, thoicsidue to bo carried to tlio rcsorve fund A resolution that a 6 per cont. div idend bo paid to shareholders was defeated, Fifteon guineas Was voted as a bonus to Mr. F. Butler, managing director. Tho following gentlomen wore elected directors -Messrs. Johnston, B Hall, Gosper, Roberts, Dickson, Cox, and B ildn in. A branch ot the Now boutu AA'alcR Bookoopers' Association has boen established it AArind6or, and members ropiesenting tlio prmcpil centres of tlio distucl bivo loiuod Rev V. Aylmg baa Ikoh eleetod president, and Mr 1\ G. Daluy \ne prcsulcnt. AVILCAXNIA, AVed-jispav.. The rioronco Annio passed lilpi up Btruini this morning. Hie Punco Alfrod loft 1 ilpn down stream to-div. Tho Emily Jane loft Monmdio upstream vosterday Tho Ariel left Menindio up stroan] to- da). Hie Deco) passed Pooncarie down stream ) estarday. 1 lie Gem and Nellie urnv oil at AA'ont worth from Morgnu yesterday, lho latter boat proecoded to Mildur i Tho Darling continues to riso at all tho upper river stations 1 ho Customs rovenue at AVilcanuia for February amounted to £1097. I ho n eather locally contuiuoa oxtromely hot and oppressiv o. 