A Visit to Sassafras Gully. ;,1 Oni IF'id'ay he lo:i6:Otti inst.,, ?,4zhdf the pleasure, in company with ia friend, of paying a visit to the coun try residence of Mr. J. J. Miller, who resides about three iiles in a.north easterly direction from the liielswater railwayrstatiou..., Through tha.cour tesy 'bf Mr., Miller we r *erc inet at the layswater railway ttation and driven to his palatial residence. The weather being delightful and the morning air embracing .and invigorating the drive fronmi the station along a well-made road formed a most enjoyable part of the day's outing. Having arrived at Mr. Miller's homestead that gentle man, whose name is known far and wide for his generous hospitality, in sisted upon his +guests having a " refresher,"'. beforeo inspecting his. spacious o"clihari·and groun.il. lie has manifested ' considerable tact and judgment in selecting such an admirable and picturesque- site on which to erecti his l?otie. Staniling on the front ti?tintdaltiti giiiand piruio ranuic sconepresents: itself to ,the as tonishe beholder. The l)andenong lRanges tire only a mile or so from the house, and further on the eye rests on Mount `Juliet, and beyond it can be seen ii all their grandeur the tops far away in the nortli-west Mount Macedon can be, plainly distinguished. As far as the eye can reach thie place I seems to be eancircled by mountain range, the .disitant peaks of which pierce therhorizon in the far distance. Tourists may, travel through the whole world 'in search of the romantic and beautiful in n.tture and not findl a more interesting vienthira thitawiiei: is to be obtained froim the ffont veran dah of Mr. Miller's residence. The grounds abutting the house are culti vated with orange, apples, peach, aid quince trees, and. fromi. tlhe .'irolific crop of fruit they vwere bearing at the time of our visit goes to prove that the soil is rich and fertile. Tli grounds are also laid out in a most artistic manner. Tliere is a large lawn encircled by flowers of various hues in the centre of the orchard, while the outskirts on either side are planted with vegetables which are used for domestic purposes. After paying a visit to the coaoh house and the roomy stables, which must hasvoe cost hundreds of pounds to erect, and which were remarkable for their cleanliness and a strict alher ance to sanitary laws, we were treated to what Mr. Miller termned a • make-shift," but which in reality ~was,rmi tlr nsds dinner. 1ero.,wo vet in their 'teens-so there is no cause for alarm. It did one good to see the healthy look of these children, so different from those that are brought up in the city, ?wlei:e the foul air and imnpure attoaphere seems "t efface their personal attractions and daimp their youthfud spirits. The early exercise and mountain air have rouged the cheeks of these children, who live as it were among the hills. After amule iustice had been done Ito the excellent dininer providp4 by Mr. Miller orders wore given to 3iol' "to have the horse and trap ready in order to enable us to pay a visit to the f.uniousjSassifiis' Gully;, and in)less time lhaiitttakeh s 1o tell 'i we were comfortably seated in a four-wheeled convaeyacentwuwn bya pwoll-fed iand )well:bred hiorse, and accompaniedd'ly jMr. Miller. [ i Mil " (w'o; ,iein no oflence) is an excellent driver, con seqluentlj.,@ioC lilonI g the lio ,lel road at a rapid rate for the first two miles. The cointry' in the imme diate vicinity of Mr. Miller's house-is comlposi6'bof Wooded table laiud, and Iis settled by''an indistrious aiid well to-do class of farmers. When we had gonl7g aiboiit :tlie-Fiiequi(ters ;jf a iile we stoppcl inl front of the coun try residence of Mr. Brcce, of Paitir son, Lang, and liuce:- Here we took 'up Mr. Bruco, jun., who accompanied us.the remnuindir of the journey. On either side tle inii;rks of civilization were evidenti in the coonlrortabl buildings and thu highl state of culti vation that was prevalent all along the route. In a short time we were at tile biasi of the l ianikleiog Ilangeis, when the journev. though miore dilli cult, got mioru iitcrciiig. The mount1ai side is covercd v\ith a luxuriant. growth of foli;age and large liiiiiimlllth treis, 'the destruction of yl~hipil i, strictly forbliddeil by l-. rge lico plaiicarils. - ur a milu or so'ili tr ac i \ct into tIhe in!ouuitan side :ild tlhuri i-. jtl-t lo illt (llout.L.h to alid it onu vehicle ait 1it ti e. (hi tli - ocUa-ii-, of our visit 6sve'al gorg,.s in the rauges prnlv nttil a lioit uinvitini appearance cauiel by the late bush lir's. All the unlygrowth flor miles haild L.'..i c.usuiuu"l lbU..utiful ft'ri:; had be't.ln dstriovel by the: thou'-ali, ;aidr , trli t ipil ilatrl limib1i of th' fa.- st 4 t1res w\'ee1 liha rrrv. l .l)utl liz ,e;l)G ;io <lirli ;ii oliiny Tlio nei t i)!ie ot' • \lillur, autl property owned by r . .l.. Whi\t i i. ti;,.' in the centre of two lOl taillll 'ranl s, l int i'| ti illt' Ci?led voils for xc,'tlioJ111itS. from the city it holiila tiues. Trhis wal the place tiat so 'i iracuilouslyc escaped being dt?t,0l dthurin-, the ;-l!,' bush tires, a filll a?L?coutt f which lhas already appleared in this, columuts. rotilt this point .thl mountain has to btl a :eltItel lin t ot, d iP n s it is ? cir euitou:. routo v\ery tli tte tdil ietily is eXt.ritn'edtl in elimtlling to t u highe,.t sillmit of the lI)aulenonug anges. \\\'hen one passecs the country devas tatld by the tire the scene lbecoRnm: more enchanting, ro nitch so that it is no wonder that the route to Sassa fras Creek is fast usurping the attrac tions of lern Tree (lull'. After half an hour's brisk walk we reached the top of one of the mountain riangea, and were amply rewarded for our trouble. Behind us lay all the intervening country between the range and Melbourne. The Doncas ter Tower was distinctly visible,. and in silent grandeur towered the tops of the Dividing Range, and Mount Mace don slihrouded :at: the summit in grey mist,' while-oe?iro and base showed dense masses of foliage dim and pur pliszhin the..distance .. At tlim sum- miit of the )Dandenong Ranges. there is a larrge block of :table laud deiisely timnbe.redt ai is Lart of the r ieservo of 5000 acres known as the " State bFores -", which consists - of 20,000 erso:? A little td tlio t north' con iiencos the slope leading into the Sassafras Gully. This we descended in singlo. lile, Mr?iBruce, jun.. acting ais-gnidc.: As rain had fallen a few daiys'previonus to ouir visit the moun itin side Wras very slippery, so much so tlhat it was a hard matter for us to 'keep our feet, and the most suple of the party came to grief on one occasion more suddenly than lihe wished. At length we reached the base of the Gully, which is known as the Sassafras Creek, the water of which was delightfully cool and re freshing. Dense masses of foliage, including ferns, sassafras, suple jack, &c.;, with a dense undergrowth, cover the bed of the creek, while further up the bank trees of arger grl?lýh are so thick that .their foliage completely shuts out the rays of the sun. One has to keep a sharp look-out on the track, and in niany places it is most indistinct, or else he stands-.a good chance of- being bushed. Any- one who wishes to :get a glimpse into the wonders of nature, and to behold some of the marvellous sites within a radius of 20 miles from the city cannot do better than take a run up to Sassafras uilly. If he does not enjoy the trip and is not de lighted with all that is there to be seen,, he must be -a very inferior in dividual. The ieturn journey was quickly accomplished and much enjoyed. When " Hazel Dell" was reached the company again partook of refresh ments at the expense of Mr. Miller, who was determined that nothing should be wanting in order that the party might enjoy themselves. An other halt was made when we got to his residence. and after again refresh img the imineri man nd a parting glass we rettrneld in tiine to catch tile 8 p.m.- train at- liayswater for Mel bo?ineo. halving thordughly enjoyed tile day's outing. 