Mr. Jasprizza's Orchard. Having a three days' engagement in Young, and having seen an article in your paper concerning the above orchard, we naturally became very anxious to see it for ourselves. We take a keen interest in all such evidences of industry and skill. We have had the pleasure of reporting upon Mr. Brunskill's model farm at Uranquinty. We have often visited one of the very best orchards in New South Wales (the one owned and managed by Mr. Middlemiss, at Moona at Denilquin, and we must say that the magnificence of his grapes, peaches, and plums have rarely been excelled so far as our experience goes. But for extent of ground and for number of trees in bearing or in early process of growth Mr. Jasprizza's orchard beats all our eyes have seen. He is most remarkable for his cherries. They are very fine, many of them being twice as large as we are accustomed to see,. It seems that this district is remark- ably well adapted to cherry growing. We have no recollection of cherries in Riverina though we believe there are a few grown ; but this is likely to prove one of the best cherry districts in the colony. In Mr. Jas- prizza's orchard, at "Cherry Vale", there are no less than 15,000 cherry trees, 8,000 of 'which are in heavy bearing and from which he has received in prompt cash payments during these last eight weeks, in round numbers, £3,000. We purchased a case of white hearts from him. It weighed 20lb and cost 5/. A similar case of Florence cherries cost us 7/. It is easy, therefore, to see how fine an income is derived from 8,000 trees in heavy bearng. To gather this grand harvest he employs 50 pickers, 6 packers, and two young men to nail the lids on the cases. Readers can, therefore, see for themselves what a munificent source of income this cherry orchard is. The plantation is situated about 3 miles from Young. On approaching it along the Monteagle road, we had the usual experi- ence of gum trees and a serpentine track with plenty of jolting over the rough places, but when we sighted it all was changed. Before our eyes there stretched in emerald 65,000 vines, the above named 15,000 cherry trees, together with a number of apple, pear, quince, plum, apricot, and other trees, the whole standing upon a cultivated area one hundred and fifty acres in extent. Such a sight is charming to the eye of one of nature's lovers, and particularly so when upon beauty we can superinduce utilitarian- ism, and derive pleasure also from the thought of the prosperity such plantations bring to the colony. This vast orchard is the outgrowth of a cabbage garden. Less than 20 years ago Mr Jasprizza had nothing more than a cabbage garden, in which he often wrought until 10 o'clock at night, after commencing at 4 in the morning. During the day time he often travelled, hawking his produce for sale. The people used to say that he was mad, but then it is always difficult to under- stand the phenomenon of a man actually taking an enthusiastic interest in his work. Now, however, people begin to think that tbe sane and foolish have changed places, and wish they were in the easy circumstances of Jasprizza. From the profits of his vegetables, he pro- cured a few trees, and so formed the nucleus of his now magnificent orchard. The erst- while cabbage- gardener has now become a prince of orchardists. He has twelve different kinds of cherries at present. Of these he says the Margaret is by far the best for eating. After that he places the Florence, the White Heart, and the Black Heart. We shall not soon forget the feed of Margarets we had. First, there was the feast to the eye as they hung in clusters upon the tree, large, luscious, almost jet black, nestling under tbe tender green leaves. It was something quite new to us to see a tree of black cherries, and was no small treat to the palate when upon that burning hot, sultry, bush-fire-hazy day we had the pleasure of eating some. Our orchardist, in common with his con- fréres, has been troubled to some extent by his cherries at an early stage turning yellow and falling off. He could not tell us what was the cause, as the affected trees so far as he knew were sound and healthy, and situated amongst trees that have ripened their fruit satisfactorily. There are other things we should like to write, but our article is already too long, We thank our Italian host and hostess for their hospitality while we were at the orchard.—CONTRIBUTOR. The bush fires close to the town of Coola- mon have been extinguished. Thousands of acres on Kindra, Merra, and Tooyal stations have been burnt, and some selectors have lost portions of their wheat crops. Our contemporary wants permission to write libels against us, and says we are nasty because we won't allow him this privi- lege. That is very cool of him. We may assure him that he has no reason to complain of our treatment of him in the matter of libels, 