THE BUSH FIRES AT BAYSWATER. HOW THE FLAMES WERE FOUGHT. All round Bayswater the hills are still scarred and charred by the late bush fires, and a visit to the national park enables one faintly to realise the extent to which that picturesque resort for holiday-makers has suffered from the flames. Mr. James J. Miller, who will be remembered by many as the original promoter of the huge sweeps on the Melbourne Cup, with which his name is still inseparably connected, is one of the principal residents of the Bayswater dis- trict, and the visitor from the city who climbs into Mr. Miller's spring cart, and sits down between him and his man Mick behind the staunch brown mare, may be sure of seeing all the beauty spots that are best worth look- ing at in the place. Hazel Dell, which the brown mare approached pounding heavily along the rough uneven road, will in future have stirring associations, at any rate to the old couple who fought the bush fires there the other day. Hazel Dell belongs to Mr. Miller, who has for tenant a Mr. Sutherland, a sturdy old man of perhaps 60 years. Mr. and Mrs. Sutherland live in a neat wooden house, with a galvanised iron roof, and they have a barn behind, which has a roof, as well as sides, of wood. The whole place is as dry as tinder, and would burn like a sheet of paper if it once caught fire. It was not without fair grounds for apprehension, therefore, that the old couple found when they woke on a terrible Thursday morning lately that a bush fire was raging among the distant ranges, and that a northerly gale was blowing, which was bringing it straight to their little homestead. The house was islanded in a patch of cleared ground among the hills, and there was plenty of water in two creeks, one at each side, the enemy ad- vanced rapidly, roaring along through the tree tops with the thunder of artillery, and, like a field battery opening fire, dense clouds of smoke poured out lit with flame and fol- lowed by the crash of falling giant trunks. All this tremendous demonstration was concentrated on the elderly couple living alone at Hazel Dell, but pre- sently two neighbours, Mr. Dawson and Mr. Mitchell, guessing what the fate of the Sutherlands would certainly be unless help were given to them, came up to assist in the defence of the position against the common enemy. The fire reached the outside edge of the cleared patch and halted, roaring, three or four chains away from the house. Mr. Sutherland mounted the wooden roof of the barn, and began the work which kept him continually at the highest pitch of tension for two days. In a high wind sparks will fly like live things, and burning branches, each as dangerous as a loaded shell, were thrown incessantly upon the barn and against the house from the blazing mountains that towered high over Hazel Dell. As the firebrands fell Mr. Sutherland, on the roof, attacked them with wet blankets, while Mr. Dawson and Mr. Mitchell, on the ground, beat them out with branches and stamped them underfoot. Mrs. Sutherland fetched the water in buckets, and in spite of her mature years carried the same full buckets up the ladder placed against the barn and brought them down again empty to be re- plenished at the creek. This went on for hours, and it was plain that the enemy would not easily be tired out. Several times, in spite of all efforts, the fire almost effected a lodgment, and a huge hole burnt in the roof of the barn still attests the stubbornness with which the fight was continued on both sides. Mrs. Sutherland had been carrying buckets up and down the ladder for seven consecutive hours, when suddenly the wind changed, veering to the south-west, and it changed not a moment too soon, for the strain could not have been borne much longer. The fire retired sullenly on the side where the first attack was made, and there was a short suspension of hostilities. Then the armistice was rudely broken, for the flames had been blown far across the cleared ground, and, driven forward by the southerly wind, they again advanced against the home- stead, which was now hemmed in absolutely between the two lines of fire. The conflagra- tion, in fact, had accomplished the favourite manœuvre of Von Moltke, and the chance of the defenders surviving began to look very remote. Mrs. Sutherland went into the house and brought out a rug, in which she packed all the small valuables that were in the house, with the inten- tion of retiring and leaving Hazel Dell to destruction. She found, however, that escape was not possible, and that unless they could stave off the fire they must all perish, so all night long the labours of the three men and the woman continued. Pre- sently the fire burned the rustic bridges, enveloped the creek, and cut off the defenders from their supply of water. They managed, however, to make the supply which they had already drawn for the house fulfil their needs, and when Friday night came the battle was over and the attacking force rolled away again into the smoking hills. Some charred timbers at the side of the house are all the signs that exist of the narrow escape that its inmates had, but in the orchard across the creek the trees with their load of fruit have all been destroyed, and of the field of oats that was ripening at the back not a blade remains. Hazel Dell is known to a few sagacious tourists as a place where fruit and milk and wine maybe obtained, and where a picnic party to the cool sassafras gullies in the national park beyond may rest before their climb up the hill. It can be reached from Bayswater by coach, and when the tree ferns have grown again, and the forest has re- sumed its freshness, the time occupied in visiting it would be well spent. 