VICTORIA. MELOUrmNE, Thursday. BREACH OF AIGREErENT. SAn action for £100,000 damages has been brought by Elizabeth Spence against the City of -Melbourne Blank acid Colin Longmnuir, its mannger, for alleged breach of agreement tI advance moneys to carry on mining opera tions in connection with the Luclmow mine, near Orange and other mines. nE·acNDED. John Olsscn has been found guilty of com mitting an indecent offence opposite a large millinery establishment in Brunswick, ind remanded. TIE SEVENTH CONVIOTION. John Williams has been convicted of peirse snatching. He admitted six previous con victions. DEFEcrrWVE M arI-NERY. Charles Stowart, reporting on .the recent accident at the Sir Henry Loch/mine, Bal laeat, states that it ocurioed through the defec tive machinezy. s .n , nUSH FPIRES. lBush fires a raging around Wanragul. An immense area is in flames and the stand ing crops and grass have been burned. The settlers houses were only rescued .with diftlicalty, and all danger is not over yet. nLIEE FO QUEENSLrAND. A meeting is to be convened shortly by the Mayor te raise a relief fund for the Qucensland sufferers. ALLEGED mURDER. William Smith, alias Aldridmge was this afternoon formally arrested on a charge of the murder of Jacob Jackson in New Zea land. lie had previously been arrested for alleged theft. COrMPULSORY 5EQUESTaATION, The estate of John L. Dow, membler for Kara Kara, ancd formerly Minister of Agri calture, has been compulsorily sequestrated. MInXISTERIAL UTrrE?ANCES; At the Mayor's luncheon Mr. G. D.. Carter, the Treasurer, said the Government had de termined to refrain from foreign loans. They had set the wheels of industry moving in their own province, and would do vwell by themselves. Mr. Jas. Service said Ie re garded t lhe Premier as the right man inl the digh? place. PROFESSOR XIc?IAanDS. Professor Ricehards' solicitorloft for Hobart to-day to interview him. nINERS BURNT OUT. A bushfire at Korumburra is doing great lischief. The engino-houseo of a coal-mine las been burned, and also ia nsunber of miners' Sottages. Twelve families are burned out, hut, fortunately no loss of life is reported. CiURClH DESTROYnED. ILThe Wesleyan Church at Allendale, near Ballarat, has been destroyed by fire. ALLEGED AESON. A ann named John Darly has been ar Cested on a charge of setting fire to the Bridgo rater four mills bast year. Ie has ju?st como out of gaol oc anoether- charge. ASSAuLTrNG A CAIN?ACIAN. In a ease of assaulting a Chinese, which ers sbefore the Court to-day at the General Sessions, tiho jury failed to agree upon a ver .liet. Jadge Gaunt said the coniduet of'tho jury Mias a discredit on tried by jury.• 