' THE ASIATICUNVASION. | There appears to be no country on the face of tho earth, however, favorer by Nature as to physical or climatie conditions but which has some disad: vantages to counterbalance its attrac tions, and Australia, in common with others, has always been subject to some infliction which has required all the or,- of its ueople to counteract. These may be roughly classified under three beads — atmospheric, insectivorous ancl human; and from all these we have suffered at intervals, - though happily not to such an extent as other countries. It is true that we are exempt from the two most terrible visitations of North America, the tornado, which in its sudden and irresistible sweep destroys the strongest buildings in its path, or the - blizzard, which stifles all human or animal exis- tence in its icy embrace. But we have for years been familiar with "the slow tortures of protracted drought, ; cul minating in devastating bush-fires, or torrential rains causing floods with widespread ruin and misery. We have been comparatively free from the insect pests which are the dread of cultivators of the soil in other countries, such as locusts, which iu myriads descend upon field and forest leaving : a desert in their track, but we liave had swarms of grasshoppers, a milder iufliction to combat, and such more insidious enemies as the phylloxera and other terrors of the vigneron and orchardist. The visitations of nature may be repaired or mitigated ; the attacks of the insect tribes can be «.«nMr1n/-1 orreincfi ah rnnol 1 orl lmf, most vexatious and difficult to cope with are the voluntary immigrations of hordes of a liens, who have been at tracted to our shores by reports, gene rally exaggerated, both of our mineral wealth and social prosperity. This is but another illustration of history re peating itself. In all ages the migra tion of the teeming millions of Asiatics has been a trouble and a terror to European races. The north of Asia poured forth wave upon wave of bar barians who subverted the powerful Roman empire, and erected indepen dent kingdoms upon its ruins. These again in the middle ages were exposed to the invasion of hordes of Mongols ancl Tartars, who carried their exter minating inroads into the very heart of Europe. These invasions have been rKpuiiLGM, tiiuua in <i« mure yeauciut and therefore insidious manner, in our own era. The discovery of enormous gold-bearing areas in California and Australia, aroused the cupidity of the civilised world, and stirred even the exclusive Chinese from the apathy of centuries. Thousands upon thousands of these intruders poured into both countries in a steady stream, until the infliction of tho Yellow Agony became unendurable, ancl the popular feeling of repulsion broke forth in outbursts of violence and murder. The legislatures of both countries felt compelled to intervene to regulate this continuous influx of aliens, who threatened to dominate over the white man by sheer force of numbers, and the consequence has been to check the flow partially if HUu UUUJJJlUbUljr. aLllilgCJlU IttgUlttbLUIIS have done much to mitigate the nuisance, but lately Australia has been exposed to an invasion of a similar character and which, if neglected, threatens to attain similar alarming proportions. The Chinese have been discouraged or repelled, but within the last few years a liorde of Asiatics of other types have been allowed to pour iu almost without restriction. Their numbers at first were few and insignificant, but the tide has swollen until the influx has become a positive nuisance and danger, as many as fifty of these undesirable immigrants arri ving in one vessel. These are generally known as Indians, but include speci mens of every race from thence to the shores of the Levant, namely, Cingalese, Madrassees, Bengalees, Cre oles, Syrians, Sikhs, Afghans, Cash- merees, Mooguls, Seedees, and a few minor tribes. Most of these too are of different and bitterly hostile creeds, importing a new danger if they should be allowed to settle here in any numbers, tlie sanguinary religious riots which lately occurred in India and were suppressed only by military force nBUirr M wni'mnrr ne aP iirlmP iviinki- \- -O o ""»» "gnu happen in our midst. These men im mediately on arrival are herded together in low tenements, whence being provided with a small stock of paltry merchandise they are let loose to prey upon the community. Thus equipped they roam about the country, especially the rural districts, frighten ing lonely women and children, and compelling purchase of their wares by sheer impudence or threats of violence. The nuisance has at length become un endurable, and from all parts of tlie colony there is a cry for restrictive legislation. It is true the question is a difficult one. As subjects of the British Empire they are virtually free to come or go without hindrance, but it is intolerable that this country should be allowed to be overrun by these un savory aliens on account of that con nexion. The country is open to all races in moderation, but we cannot afford on any consideration, political or social, to suiter an influx or aliens which is both unprofitable and danger ous. The proposal to make the issue of hawkers' licenses to these people local in each district may somewhat abate the evil, but will not eradicate it. The Indian Government has been warned of the objections of Australian colonists with little effect as has yet appeared. More decisive measures must be adopted, and the rulers of these alien races must be made to understand that Australians are determined not to allow this fair country to be made the receptacle for the surplus of the most abject and repulsive portion of their population. 