lilNCSTOV (From our own Correspondent.) Up to the last few days very little interest bad been takeb iu the Forthcoming Parlia mentary elections^ but a change has novir orniie over tbe suene, &ud; although I do not think there will be anything like the personal feeling which was displayed In the District of Albert three years ago, I believe that the contest will be a keen one. Speaking for this township the electors appear to be well satisfied with the two late members, and are not likely to give much support to the untried candidates. By j the way, one of them, Mr. \V. Warren, seems to have- sunk ont of sight, and has given n<> notice of the dates on which be intends to addresB electors. Mr, Handyside arrived by. train last night and left this morning t» ad dress the Hebe electors. On Monday evening he and Mr. Moulden are to hold forth here, and on the following Tuesday evening Messrs. Ash and Peake are announced to give ad dresses. , „r Up to the present I have only .heard of one likely candidate for the Upper House, and . should not be surprised to find that Mr. J. H. Gordon has a walk over. As a matter of fact I doubt. if a dozen people in Kingston know that there is a vacancy. The Government Gazette notifies that the 8,893 acres in the Hundred at Duffield, known as Cupping's block, and notoriously infested with rabbits, is again open for application, tbe rent being reduced from 1$<1 to lfd per acre. I don't know who is responsible for tbe de scription of the land given in the Gazette, bat whoever drew it up must be possessed of a lively imagination, almost equal to the Estate Agent who described a- shepherd's hut in the scrub as a " desirable residence, , surrounded by delightful Park-like lands." It is a great pity that this block, which is a curse and dread to the neighboring lessees, is not open at a rental likely to secure it being taken up—say fd |>er acre. Some person unacquainted with the country may possibly take it up at the rental fixed, but I think I am safe in asserting that it will most assuredly be again forfeited or sur rendered. It is quite useless to put such a high price upon thi9 land, as it only leads to constant changes, and the Grown instead of getting a fair reutal loses the lot. That some thing's radically wrong in the fixing of rents and indeed in the whole system of 'allotting land, may be inferred from the large number of applications to transfer (70) advertised is the last Gazette. ■ About a week ago news was brought to the township that about one-half of B«edy Creek j bridge on the Kingston aud Narracnorte road : had been destroyed by fire, and left in such a dangerous state as to make it necessary to fence- it off. On making enquiries of persons j who have visited the spot, I find that a pietty ! general feeling prevails that it is the work of an incendiary, although our police officer believes ! it to have been caused by a bush-fire. How- j ever,: in any case it will be a serious matter for j tbe Council, who only a short time ago went to j considerable expense in repairs, the bridge hav- ] ing been handed over to the Council in a most ! ruinous state. The damage now done is I roughly estimated at about £70. j 