[?] Original Compositions, r "W Lost and Foukd. — By Amy M'Kenzie, Neerim South. — When I was about seven years old T used to go to a school about a mile and a half from our home. One wet day our mamma came to meet us with some cloaks. She had leit our niece slbdu sitting on the sofa, thinking she would come to no harm, as she was only sixteen months old. My brother was just going to the nearest neighbor to see if they had seen her, when we saw mamma coming with her. She had found her 400 yards from our bouse, singing to her doll, and not afraid. Some may not think it far, but it was for such tiny feetas Mabels. Our mamma had found her among some bushels called " Prickly Moses." ' Her little feet . were very sore. But she was no worse after a good supper and a night's sleep. You may be sure we never left ber by herself again. p , The Haunted House. — By Edward Crawford, Commercial road, Koroit. — Some time ago we were obliged to leave the house, we were living in because : the landlord was going to turn it into a shop, and the only house we could get was a large two-story stone building, which was supposed to be haunted. It was built of Merri atone, which was rather rotten ; most of the plaster was off on the outside, and was continually fading off in the inside. At first we slept up-stairs because the down-stairs rooms were so damp, but we soon had to have our bedroom down-stairs because we. were kept awake at. night by a queer groaning noise. For a long time we could not tell what it was. At last we found out that there was a false chimney, and whenever the wind blew this, noise would commence, and it was so loud that we could hear it down stairs. One night we really thought the ghosts had come, but it turned out to be a lot of cats which must have got in through a broken pane in the window. One night when father was away mother was awakened by all the notes in the piano being run up from one end to the other, which frightened mother very much. Sometime after it happened again, and mother put it down to rats. A Pet Paebot. — By Francis O'Connor, aged twelve years and ten months, Minimay. — I had a dear old pet parrot that, jised to 'talk and whistle. All of us went away on our holidays and left an old man in charge of the place, and the parrot for him to mind ; but when we were away he did not take much care of it. One day he left it at home and we Lit away, and when 'he came back he could not see a sign of it. When I came home I waB going one day to bring the cow to be milked, and these I saw my dear old parrot lying dead on,the ground. Lost ix the Woods. — By Cecilia Mason, aged ten years and two months, Wy Yung.— One day my brother and I went for a day in the woods. We started very early so we brought our dinner with us. When we had walked a good distance we looked for a shady place where we might have our dinner. After dinner, being very tiied, we soon fell fast asleep, and when we woke it was quite late, so I told my brother we had better go home. We were a long way from home, and we had to walk quick to.be home before dark, so we went on and on till we came to a stone ditch. My brother said, "I am not sure about the way." I began to cry, but he told me not to cry. We went on till we came to a river, and we stopped there. We saw a pretty boat and we got into it. It was quite dark then, and my brother was soon asleep in the bottom of the boat, but I was not. I spread my .cloak over us and I at last fell asleep too. I began to dream, and once I jumped up and fed into the river. There was a buggy passing with two men iu it, and one jumped in and saved me. They brought my brother and myself home. I was sick for a good many- days afterwards and could not leave luv ueu. A Terrible Fire. — By Alice M. Jacob, Bleak- house, aged nine years and five months. Perhaps there are not many bushfires about Melbourne, so I will tell the young folks who live there of one which I saw in the country a short time ago. It was about fifteen miles from here where it occurred. It burst out one hot Sunday afternoon in summer, but I am glad to say. it did not burn longer than two or three Sours. It - burnt down a squatter's woolsheds and haystacks, but did -not harm any one else. The men had to work very hard to put -it out, but they succeeded. It was a beautiful sight to see the flames rising and falling as they rolled on. I may be better acquainted with fires than some of your young readers, as we had our home burned to ashes a few years ago ; but we have another and a nice orchard, which makes it look more pleasant than it would without one. Ax Adventure with a Snake. — By Ambrose Kelly. Eurambeen, aged eleven years five months.— One Saturday in summer when the sua was very hot my brother "Will aud I went out hunting with guns and dogs. The dogs caught two rabbits, and .Will was eager to shoot one. As we were going past some bushes, in which we thought there might be a rabbit or a hare, I was startled by aloud hissing, and on looking in the grass I saw a large tiger snake just iu the act of springing on me. I uttered a loud scream, and Will came running- up with his gun loaded. On seeing the snake he fifed at it, and was fortunate enough to shoot it through, "the head, and he was greatly praised by my mother when we reachedhome. Lily's Carelessness.— By Mary E. Morley, aged II years, and 11 months, Gorm&nd;&le.; . Once upon a time when a lot of little children were playing together, Lily Kyan had her little baby brother to mind. When the other little girls were playing lily sat the little fellow down on the road, and went and joined them in their game. Presently a horse came galloping along the road, and was just in the act of trending on the child when Mrs Ryan caught hint up in her arms and saved him. Lily came running over very frightened, and her mother told her how her little brother might have been killed. Lily was very sorry for her carelessness, and I think it has taught her a lesson which sh ; is not likely to forget. . A Short Account of a Hindoo. — By J. Roulestone Currie, thirteen years one month, Winton North.— Hindoos have very bad tempers. One day a Hindoo hawker came to our place, and we did not see him till he was at the door. The dogs at first did not notice him. either. Then Pluto began to bark at him, so -he got the broom and began to beat It. The dog then Showed fight, and bit him. The Hindoo got in a temper, and_ wanted father to hang Pluto, but father wouldn't do it. After we called him off, Pluto went and lay down under the cart. When father wouldn't touch him, the Hindoo went to hunt him - up, and give him a thrashing, but father wouldn't-let him. Then there was a big argument. The Hindoo was getting worse and worse in his temper, until father ordered him off the place. The Hindoo said he would never comenearthe place again. A good thing, too. Thrown From His Horse.— By Lilian Eva Hobson, Stawell street, Sale, aged ten years and'alx months. — A little friend of mine got thigh broken on Christmas morning, and I am very sorry. He was riding down the Punt road in company with same others, when his horse started and threw him. The other horses went over him before their drivers could pull up. Poor little Jack 1 What a Christmas for him, and he had been looking forward to it so much, too, for they had all been going out to their Uncle's place to dinner ; but I am very glad to. say he is getting better now. . , Robbing Bees.— By Archibald Itzerotfc, Wild Duck, near Heathcote. nine yeara of age.— 'When my brother George was robbing bees I helped him, a bee 'stung me on the lip. It swelled very much that night ; but when I got" out of bed in the ' morning my cheek was swollen, and it did not .'go down for throe n days. Although he took- many hives afterwards I took good care hot to go near them any more. Holiuays.— By Alexander Gill, aged thirteen years one month, Doogalook.r-How we all look forward to the holidays at the end of each year, and think how much we' will do, atnd what fun we will have when they come. I don't think, however, that what we actually do is a carrying out of what we intend doing, When I have been thinking of the different sports and pifenicpartieh that were going' to be held in the district neat my home, I imagined that the .sports wonld be far better than theyactually wer Too' toiapicnie ground, stand about and see a fe\T men trancand compete, ortsde their horses over & few jumi may.-heryeiy inlerealiug to Ihose who are competing, .out those who -ate onlookers and have nowicetoint'downxcepttt home "blhqk logs, find "dont aefr mbohte- goodlD&grideonrbiiliorse;, or for a "now onthe Goulburn or on a fishing excursion. A good number of fiah are caught in 0 p«t mostly cod, bream, fanriste camp on the holiday fime quite a number of toumw bankof the burod hare a toe fishing, duck shooting a pd hunting.- he bank baJcto really enjoying Camping on «u rtf® ' among green trees is the number of buzzing small flies which annoy J pleasant to have one's eyes bunged up 1 semngj or to be continually flicking the inB4B achoel get any eomfort. Anynow. I am not o1? j.n starts again soon for one tires of too just as much as one would tire cf jam or anything sweet if they had to eat it at every meal. My Sister's Ride.— By Emily Heath, years and ten months, Heathfield Estate, ©ornelia. About a year aDd a half ago my brother owned a horse, which was a very' good goer but was exceea- - ingly spirited. It had never been ridden . by a laay. One Sunday afternoon my sister May thought sne would enjoy a ride on Jessie, the horse. animal was saddled, and my "sister mounted. J essxe started to go down the road so fast that it made my sister giddy, and somehow the saddle slipped round and she fell off. My brother, whs had been watching her all the time, saw ber fall, and immediately ran to her assistance. We-all went down after my brother Harry to bring May home. She was unconscious for about an hour, but fortunately she was m>t touch hurt, only a little -bruised and shaken, and she re covered rapidly. The horse dragged the saddle about four or five miles from our home The saddle was not fit for use afterwards. A Struggle With. A Kangaroo. — Augustine Kelly, Eurambeen, aged thirteen years six months.— Oae day when I was up on the mountains with my brother, I saw a big kangaroo bounding alongthrough the bushes. The dogs chased it towards us, and I fired a stick at it which I had in my hand. I broke its fore leg and it turned on me, caught me by the eoat and was just aboutto strike me with its powerful claw, when poor old Rover, my dog, caught it by the neck, and with the help of his mates succeeded in dragging the vicious kangaroo off me. Iu tbe mean time, my brother had rushed to the spot and calling the dogs off, shot it through the head. We skinned the kangaroo, and -stuffed the skin with straw. The poor old dog lived with us till we grew old and g: and one morning after a terrible winter's night, he was f ouHd cold and stiff. He will "be remembered by me as long as I live, because, but for him I should he dead. , 