The Hill of Seven Trees. Bv Reginald Hobslky, in Chamber? Miscellany. You know that long bias bill which odc can fei from Toogoug on a clear day? I meau the one on the top of which rows an irregular circle of sir tall iron- 5 rks. With a dead one in the centre. 'Gum Tree Hiil.'jt is usually called for short ; but the literal translation of the native' name is 'The Hill of Seven Trees.' rellt that hill was the scene of an . adventure, which, though it ended agree ably enough, yet began iu a fashion which threatened a very different termination; and indeed, if it had not been for what Foster is fond of calling my phenomenal luck, and the fact that I have apparently as many lives as a cat, I should probably not be here to-day to tell the story. Aiif of for a oanir nf ilocnnrailnoB 1 ftfcka UUL — C O bo ruffianly that their deeds threw all previous bush horrors iuto the shade. They were known from the name of their leader as 'The Flower Boys,' and as a gang their career had been remarkably mccessful, though, individually, of coarse they suffered from time to time. Eight of them still remained at large, and they fcept the country side pretty lively, carrying out their plans in eo clever a manner that it was almost impossible to trace tbem, much less ran them to earth. What became of all the money and valuables they secured, or how they got rid of them, is .hard/to . say. No doubt, many of the small settlers of the baser sort were in their .pay, and vast sums, must have been expended iu keeping shut the mouths of these gentry. But we were certain that, notwithstanding this, a big pile moat be stowed away mmewhere and at mess, or round the camp fire, we often speculated as to who the lucky man would be to discover the hoard. One blazing hot February the gang ame down in force npon a pack of foole who bad bean lucky at Tambaroora, and, distaining the services of the escort, ctarted to take their .dust - down to Sydney on their own account. Things leak out at the diggings, and no doubt Borne of the ' Flower Boys ' were on the prowl for news. At any rate, on the second night of their jonrney the 'Incky five,' as they were called, were bailed np, and making some resistance, were shot down and all their gold stoleD. It was a few days before the matter came to light, sua tuen, wita roar picsrea men, I set to work to scour the country for Rower and his gang, for it was pretty certain they were at the bottom of the outrage. We had been out about a week, with never a hint of the men we were after, when one day, as we were riding rather aimlessly over a long flat, Foster, who was on the right, brought up hie horse with a sndden jerk and sprang to the gronnd with a sharp exclamation. 'What is it, Tom 1 I called out. He stopped to pick np something, and then ran towards me. ' Look, sergeant,' he said excitedly. ' What do you make of this 1' 'What?' I asked, leaning over my horse's neck as he came np. Foster held np a small nugget of pure gold. 'Nuggets don't grow on this kind of soil,' Eaid he. ' No ; and diggers don't come this way down to Sydney,' put In Longmore. 'What do yon suppose it means, sergeant V queried Foster. I did not answer him, and the men fell to discussing the matter among themselves. Indeed, I had scarcely heard Foster's qnestloD, for the moment I saw the nngget in his band an idea bad taken strong hold of me, and I, Bat silently on. my horse, working it outj with my eyes fixed upon the distant Hill of Seven ireoe. 1 Boys,' I said at last, rooBing myself from my meditations, ' I've a notion this bit of gold means a good deal to ns. There is nothing to stick np in this direction ; so, if Flower and his gang have passed over this gronnd — and we will assume they have — there le every likelihood that the nugget bas been dropped by one of them tin the way' to' their lair, wherever that may be.' ' I wish I knew,' interrupted Peterson fervently. ' Well,' I went on, ' if we have decent lack, yon will know before to-morrow, morning, 'How? ' Why?' 'What do yonmeauF cried the men. ' Look !' I answered, pointing to the hill, from the summit of which curled upwards a thin, very thin column of smoke, so faint as to be almost in visible in the simmering distance. 'Bush-fire beginning,' said Longmore.. ' It may be bo,' I acquiesced ; ' but remember, this is an out-of-the-way place, and that smoke may have another origin-' ' Flower is too good » hnshman to light a fire where it could be - seen,' argued Foster. Hope for the best,' I returned. 'At all aveots, it can do no harm to reconnoitre. We are much too far off to have been observed, so we will dismount for the present, hobble the horses, and remain where we are till nightfall, when we will go forward and examine the hill' The afternoon wore on, and by five a I . . - » we coinmn ot emote was no longer to be seen. 1 What aboot a - bash-fire now F I asked. Well," said Foster, « probably it was a ' sun-downer's fire. Flo wer isa bigger fool than I take him to be if he fit it. As the sun sank behind the ranges, we jumped into our Baddies again, ,abd in couple of hours reached the base of the . ' which, as you may know, jute out w a very peculiar fashion from the range- which it forms part, showing a Bold, precipitous front to the .east, and sloping sway in a long ridge, or neck, to the hills behind it ' It iB useless to attempt to scale that,' Hds, I said, looking np. at -the ragged face nf rLo „r:« f j |W — until., WW«Uc-ttUOire -.UB. We most work round and cfimbnp the f8- — Vincent, yon stay A hero ' iiyjthe roes, and keep your . eyes open/and; l m n j mr ' jiila —hi,! nf «iai1 me me.' And . frith a parting word to him, we plaugediuto-tbe dark ness and made for the ridge -on the right ®de of the hill. : .Onra round. the face of ,, e the ascent was fairly easy over toe stone-strewn'ridge8,and inrrovery 0&S; time we «tobd-4ipo(i theeauonnt of the spur, nearly half a mile froin the "ontcfthe hilL Then I called n whis- pered halt, and gathered my men rinsd me. 'Now, lads,' I said, we mnstSearch this hill thoroughly. Go elow, . tar we have plenty of time before as, and the work mast be well done. ... Spread: out in a long line, aud examine every Inch of the ground. If one of yon should discover anything he thinks I ought to know, let bim hoot thrice like the. mopoke, and I'll join bim. The same, cry thrice repeated will be the signal for the rest to come np. If nothing comes of it all, we'll rendezvous at this point at sunrise. Be very careful. The moon will soon be up, and then you must take advantage of whatever cover yon . can find. Above all, don't hurry. — To your places.' We etarted in an extended line, like 8kirmishera, Foster on the extreme left, Peterson next, then myself while Long more took np his position on the right. result, and not a sound broke the still ness of the night. Then, suddenly, from the left came the mournful notes of the mopoke, thrice repeated. ' Confound it 1' I thought. ' I wish the signal had come from the other side. One can never trust Tom Foster except in a fight. However, there was no help . for it, and I turned and made my way in : the direction of the sound, wondering what mare's-nest Foster had discovered and grumbling generally, when all at imce the gronnd seemed to glide from under me, and the next moment I felt myself falling, falling, falling, through 'what seemed, in Hiepitcby darkngsajrniflfi.nity of space. Instantly the horrifying thought shot through my brain,''.! have gone over the edge of the cliff;' and then I plonged violentiy into a thick abtnb, rolled oat of it, and was off again, crash ing through bashes and saplings, grasping wildly right .and .left,... and clutching madly at whatever came in my way, HI1 at length my headlong course was arrested by some hard object, against which I came sideways with a fearful thump, which nearly knocked all' the remaining breath ont of my body. Then, as I felt myself slipping away again, I made a desperate effort to recover myself, and flung my arms ronnd the opportune obstacle which had arrested my fell, while at the same moment a large piece rock, dislodged by my straggles, went whirling into the air, struck a ledge immediately below, rebounded off, and thundered down the side of the steep, wnne l nuug on to <ny rnenaiy support with a tenacity born more of terror than of necessity. But there is some excuse for a man who has fallen I don't know how many feet through space, and then rolled I don't know how many more down a rough mountain side. Presently, however, I began toeollect my scattered senses, and then I saw that I was cling ingto the trunk ofasassa&as; tree, which grew ont and made a conven ient angle, into which I had f allen,and bat for which I should doubtless have gone the way of the rock. While my arms clnog to the tree, my body lay stretched on a small projecting ledge, so that I soon realised that all danger was ever for the time being, and, loosening my grip of the tree, felt myself all | over, and stretched my legs to see if any bones were broken. No. I was badly braised and shaken, bat otherwise quite unhurt, and I took a bash grip of the the tree, intending to haul myself np into a more comfortable position, when j in an instant I stiffened Into immobility, i aod lay as still as a snake in the eand, my face buried in my arms, lest the j sound of my breathing should betray ' me. And this was the reason. Im mediately below me I heard rough : voices conversing together in low tones, 1 and evidently not more than a few feet j away. f or a moment l lay ana listened, as from beneath came np a'- mattered con versation. 'Wot d' yer reckon It wuz, Bill? Wallabv ?' Wallaby be. bio wed !' answered BHI. ' It was a great junk of rock. I see it strike the ledge 'ere and go lover. Itjnat missed my head.' 'I wish it had bean one of. them troopers,' said a third voice with heart- j felt emphasis. - < A fonrth -voice added a word -or two ? which I failed to catch, and then the first speaker - exclaimed - with a fierce oath : ' Weir, It's all right, anyway. "Whatever it . was,b>z gone to the 'bottom : long ago. Tm .goingAo'tutn in again.' . ' Then for a mpnfebt.jthere, was'a.BhufH- ing of feet, and afterwards silence, . pro found and enduing. I lay as quiet as a mouse, my eyes fixed hpon a alver Streak that touched a low bank of clouds somewhere in - the : sky. The moon wasrisingjiind when once she .was up, I should know better what to do. Just then a spasm of dismay seized, me. Foster, having given the signal, would naturally be waiting for me. What if, finding I did not join him, he' should -coo-ee! He was ass enough to do it ; and if he did, good-bye to all chance of 'coming nnawares npon my game below. .It was scarcely likely my ' men- had sot-noticed the noise I made in; falling, but I could only hope the same idea had -occurred to them as to' the fellows underneath — namely, thata'rpck, bad been dislodged from its bed. I felt tuuuoni i nu not cnea oat as j. i.eu. Profound stillness reigned, however, and I concluded that either Statu /was showings most nnnsoal discretion, - or j thatfae'had fallen in with Lonemore or Peterson, both of whom knew,, better than -to. .give any indication .-of -their whereabouts. ... Aqunrterof an hour passed, and the silver binge on the. cloud-bank - grew" more intensely brilliant, and at last -a magnificent — fall-orbed- moon -sailed- majestically into the sky, shining with each radiance that one might have bipnomdittohB day. ; I gazed; about foeln aSthnishment. From the ledge on which I lay I could see that I had fallen; down one. side of a great chasm, a; unoorea teen !»<-, -si-"- --J- -cloye the -Hill of Seven Trees in two. ; -Having taken a broad survey of iny position, I began to examine the tun-" \- hk'naaata aj "t -ftumj ' fl-svalt t ' to. v lir'flTW it i Villi VJf i x.. iymuw.vwwar i"»j on a naicow put-jutting rock about Ifix, feet 'wide, doWn the «loping elAe of which I mast inevitably have sUdden bad-! not gnuiped the tree in /time: Immediately below' mewss, q about fourteen feet long, and on this,' I at once cohrioded, had stood 'the men whose voices I had heard. Bat where were they now J Tlmt'/w&s; the puzzler' dust then, I heard a curious-sound, and craned my neck over the rock as far as I conld. Bnt its surface slanted eo pernliarly that still I could see notbiog but the ledge. Again the sound was repealed — this time an unmistakable boom. - ' Ah, there they are,' I said to myself; 'sleeping the sleep of the just.' Bat where ? On the ledge, under the shelter of my rock ? Or — ah ! I had it. The truth flashed npon me . in a moment. There was a cave or hole in the side of the gully, and they were in it How could I get down to the ledge ? I leaned over still farther. Yes, it oould be done. It was only a drop of six feet or so, the tree grew out over . the ledge, and if I swung on to that, my feet would almost touch the rock. At that moment, while my head still hang over the edge of the rock, ' there was a sadden movement beneath me, anil a Unrle vnffltn ofannail on fo flie platform and stood in the clear moon light looking about him. I am used to surprises, and I kept qniet, though my heart thumped so violentiy against my ribs that it seemed to me he hquid not fail to hear it However, he stood still and made no sign. So close ' was he that I conld have knocked 'off .his cap by stretching ont my arm. :Had be looked np, he mast have seeu me ; bat he did not, and , aa I lay breathless, motionless, rigid as the rock upon which I was Btretched, I heard him soliloquise: 'What's the use of keeping the con founded watch ? There's nobody ronnd. I'm going to turn in like the rest of 'em.'. All the time I was rapidly forming a plan of action, while one band stole silently to my. hip, where my second revolver repined in it case. My first had gone goodness knows -where when I left the top of the bill behind me. Presently I had the weapon ont, and extending my arm far over the edge of the rock, I held it within a foot of the bushranger's head. He yawned and turned in his tracks to go back ' to the hole, and, turning, looked straight down the gleaming barrel, it. was all over in an indescribably short space of time. Astounded at tfceunexpected "eight, arid anticipating nothing less - than .-instant death, the man stepped backwards mechanically. One foot went over the ledger and then, throwing up -hie arms, he fell with a shrill shriek into the gloomy depths below. I had not anticipated so sadden and itrnum a result, out 1 uaa no nme to take in the horror of it' all The situa tion was instinct with danger, and I braced myself to face it. So thrusting my revolver, into my belt, I grasped the tree, swung myself silently' down, and drawing again, stood prepared for what ever migh't follow. I stood on the plat form Bbont two feet from the mouth of a great hole iu the mountain aide, Into which I could not see for a wall- of rock which projected between me and it. But as I stood, a voice came from within in sleepy tones: 'What's up, Bill? Another rock ?' I did not answer, and the voice con- tinned : ' Bill 1 I say, Bill !' J ndging It unsafe to keep silence any longer, I I answered In a gruff whisper : ' Wot ?' ' Did yer call F 'No ; it was a curlew.' And fortun ately tile weird' wailing scream of that bird rang out on the air as I spoke. . ' That's all right, then, '.growled the voice, and silence fell once more. I I allowed a minute or two to elapse, | and then wormed my way round the i rock end looked upon a strange scene. , In front of me was a vast hole, one . of those natural excavations so common 'in the mountains, a' place altogether I about the size of an ordinary room, with a wide floor, and a roof doping away to a narrow angle at the back. On the noor was a nre ot logs, which naa recently -been replenished, and no donbt the smoke issuing from this hole, unobserved by the ruffians, had been that seen by us in the afternoon. Two men lay on the ground, sleeping . heavily mid snoring londly ; while a third eat warming his faande over the blaze, his back turned to the entrance, and evidently quite unsoa- I melons. I made up. my mind at once, and strode into the cave without any attempt at concealment, for I felt that I had the game in my handB now. The fellow heard- ma coming, of coarse. 'Hallo, Billf he grunted without looking round. ' Had enough -watching ? I told yer there was nothing up. Hev a - eup of Abia aud .torn in.' Andhe stretchedonthlsbarid to a bottle, to which he had evidently been :paying close attention. ' Take a eup aforeyer lie down,' he reiterated ;- and .then, as he turned- his heapaud-saw- me: ' Why, nhat the 1 Herawake up, Ned! W ake up, Ohioken f he oried, 1 and springing to . his feet, he plncked'his revolver from his belt. 'Throw np your bands !' I hhquted/ covering him. -Forianswer-he rushed at me, firing as he came. His hullet grazed my cheek, and 1 felt a sherp "stinging paln, as <if a red-hot wire had been -drawn across -It. - in another moment we Bhbuldh&vjs;/btan in grips, when ! pulled -the triir." .The! ball took hunaqnaxely ibetween toe eyes, and he'fell jp e teajr at my feet : Not a eecoridelaedbefore l had -my:pistol: .'irqinted rit the others. ' ' Throwi 7 up your bands ' I - cried. i __ -j> "T"L. - j ; iiLOIupi; wii;up; ,-4 one fellow's hand, stole to hiahelt. - Up. iwithlem, or 1 fire.' Theya)red'.rigt',tj(ffi? lor l had ihe droD'On tbeml-'and they knew it. 'Now, throw your barkers on the. grpnnd and stand up.' They, did ,eo.- 'Now ybur krit-vei Bight Kick them over here."And'atrlast fchfey stood there,; hB hangdog a couple of ruflmns as you' would wiah to see. -but defenceless " -. ...if We're done thfeidme, Chicken,' said Ned .with an oath. Yes,' X-aud, .lyou -are j so ypn'd best be quiet 'Are there 'any 'more of youabimtf 'No, ' growled tbe Chicken. , \- « Where's Flower, thenP .I ato. . . - ' Where won . won't find himil. said asp-:' '' ' ' You keepa dvHtongueinypn head,' iSeiorted— 'Nyou-piikup thatblt .ofjfope pod tie the. Chicken's harida'%'be- hlrid his backf -and if you -donT jget it dyiorojcoiinl: ten, IT1 blow ;fyonr ugly now i' : ?n7ith« 'aivage snarl Ned obeyed rand hejSedJhe.laiAhhoii 'X ellppad a pair of faandcnflEs.pverhfe . nista before; he/ bad lame to realise iwtat ' I was about, broke into a torrent of fearful curses, I searched the cave thoroughly without finding anything for my paios. Shut up !' I said, taking the Black end of the rope in my hand. ' Keep yonr breath till yon get to Sydney. You'll want it all then. And now, march !' ' Where to ?' growled the front fellow. ' Down .the gaily. .Yon lead me to the face of tbe hill.— And mark me, if you attempt to play any tricks, you'll get a mighty short Ehrift. Qn you go.' They started in sullen silence, and once on the ledge outside, .walked to the left, where, hidden in the shadow of the great bonlder, was a narrow track. ' There ain't no way down aa I knowB on,' said the Chicken Iribfcirig hfick. ' Then lead np to "the top,' I answered, 'and we'll get down by the neck. They wept on, forcing thrir way through the Jshrubs and undergrowth, and clambering . over rocfai and fallen frees with a good deal difficulty In their helpless condition, while I followed behind like a slave-driver, only with something much more convincing than a whip in my hand. Just as we got to the top of the felly there was a sudden load coo-ee close by. ... FoBter at last,' I thought. Qoo-es !' T shouted In return, and then, 'Harry np, boys ! I've got 'em.' There was a cry of astonishment, and my men came running up together, all pressing ronnd to shake me by the hand. Well, I'm Mowed 1' said Foster. 'How did you manage itf We had given yon up for lost, as, after we struck the edge of the gully, we all agreed you must have fallen over.' 'Well, and eo I did,' I answered cheerfully ; 'and that's the way I managed it.' And I told them my .story: ' By gum !' said Foster again when I had finished, 'if yonr lock isn't pheno menal !' ' But, Tom,' I interrupted, 'what made you give the signal ?' ' I heard something,' he replied ; ' but it was only a rock wallaby on tire go.' ' Ah ! I thought as modi,' said ; I, laughing. 'Well, I -forgive you any way, for unless you had hooted, I might never have had that lucky tumble- into the gully.' ' But did you find anything f asked Longmore. Nothing,' I answered. ' I. expect the hoard is somewhere else, and Flower and the others are alongside it. — Isn't that so, Chicken? jane tae umcsen preserved wxuaaam- ful silence. Ab we were talking, we were stand ing within the circle of trees which gives the hill its name, and Peterson was leaning against the "dead tree, standing on one of its giant roots. As he was filling his pipe, he dropped his poncb, and ottered ' an exclamation of surprise as he stooped to pick it op. ' What's' wrong F we all ioquireid. 1 Why, hero's another of them,' he answered, and held up a small ongget between bis finger arid thnmb. 'Aha!' I said; 5 we are on a hot scent, boys. " Search among the roots.' They did so .without any result, while to all interrogation the two prisoners re mained obstinately silent. ' The tree is hollow,' eaid Longmore at last ; ' bnt there is no opening- at the base. Perhaps higher up - — — ' By Jove ! you've struck it, Jack,' I cried. I wondered all along what they wanted with all that rope. However, put the bracelets on the Chicken, and let as have tbe line here.1 Foster very soon accomplished this, and with the rope in my ' hand I turned to PetersoD. ' You are the lightest, Frank. Take a cast over the first fork and shin np.' After a few unsuccessful attempts, we got the rope oyer the branch, and a snp-xnoL naviog ,oeen mane, tue loop was drawn taut. Peterson then took off his boote and - swarmed up the rope, occasionally resting-' his feet against the trnuk,in the native £aahlon,and presently he was in the fork. 'Hero yon are, sergeant,' he cried. ' There's no mistake abDnt'lt this time.' He was tugging away st something with all his might, and at la& from' a wide hole- in the straight . trunk - above his head, he wrenched unt what looked like a bundle of old rags.' < Stand from under 1' he ebbotod, arid cast the thing ;at oar feet, b wiqgrqg him self to the ground a moment later. It was -an old flannel -shirt, tightly - rolled up, and with the sleeyea knotted ronnd it for security. I untied : the01! -,snd as the ends - fell '- aphrt, the / moonbeams poured a flood of radiance uporia great leap of nnggeta and gold-dust "Hurrah!' shonted my' .men j 'while Patterson exclaimed : ' Tfiatls ' .good enough for one -haul- -I should thank.' Bather,' I said. 'Ter'e""mnBt be abont ahnncirad' ounces here,— But this -can't be nit: the Mucky -fiye' had more than lhat by a good det).' ' It's all yon'll getj' put in Ned, with anoath. 'The rest ofthe 8 wag' is where you witl never tourii it' 1 Well not:take your- word for that, my mail,' J- xoplied. Nor did /we ; but, all the samei, the most thorough search - by Uaylignt arscoverea nouung more - arid ' at last we gave it up, and jogged off with oar prisoners, well con tent with the'resalt of bur expedition so. far aa it went. 'XTaJ wviil.flao fkaiii ftssl and went to; their deaths witiioat open- ing thqu Britaattheir.eliq.ws ; ' and' it was many a long) day -before we ran down' Flo wer, thoqgh wis 'got him at. feat. . ... . . 