Terrible Bush Fires. ADDITIONAL PAETICULAES OP DAMAGE. WHOLE STATIONS DESTROYED. Naeeandeea, Wednesday. — During the past few days very large bush fires have been raging in this district. A sensation was caused here last evening- when a report came to hand that the whole of Bynya Station, consisting of 90,000a has been destroyed, including: a lot of fencing and outhouses. All the selectors in Pleasant Valley, on the run, lost more or less of their crops and nearly all their grass. The fire was on Ballandrj ? on Monday night, and also on Cocopara. Unless rain falls soon it will go to the Lachlan. Another immense fire is raging between Grong Grong and Murril Creek, destroying many acres of crops, most of the grass, outbuildings, and sheep. Murril Creek Station, it is stated, has lost all its grass, except 3000a or 4000a, machinery sheds and contents, fencing and outbuildings. The fire came into the house garden, and the homestead was, with difficulty, saved. One large selector, it is reported, had 1500 sheep burned to death. The greatest distress exists, and the losses are enormous. Geenfell, Wednesday. — For the past fewdays the heat has been intense, but to- day it is dull and cooler. Large bush fires have been burning, entailing heavy loss. The principal one originated on the Pinnacle Bun, on which 7000 acres of grass were destroyed and other damage was done. Scott Brothers, selectors, lost 900 acres of grass and many miles of fencing. Some smaller selec tors suffered the loss of grass and wheat. jEErLDEEXE, Wednesday. — Additional particu lars concerning the immense bush fire which has been burning for some days in the district show that 70,000a have been burnt at Coree, 2000 at Wonnamurra, all Springfield, with 80a of crop, and all Cunningham's. It is as yet unknown what damage has been done behind Springfield. Fencing in many places has been completely destroyed. It is hard to say where the fire would have stopped but for Wonnamurra firebreats, which are about half a chain wide, and ploughed on both, sides. A change to cool occurred last night, which will enable those at work to quench the fires. Condobomn, Wednesday. — The town is en veloped in smoke from surrounding bushfires, which are burning on both Bides of the river. It is reported that Bygolvin Station has been devas tated.; 1blia 