GENERAL NEWS. The nine members of the New South Wales Ministry have issued writs for £5,000 each, damages for libel, against the Sydney Daily Telegraph. Referring to the terrible hush fires that have been devastating parts of the colony during the past few weeks, a correspondent to the Argus suggests that the distribution of phosporised grain for the purpose of destroying rabbits may he the cause of the out breaks of fire. It is pointed ont that the phosporised grain when exposed to the intense heat of the sun, in places up to 140 degrees, must he a great source of danger. The London correspondent of the Argus writes : — Never was Australia's typical animal so continuously in evidence in London as at the present time. Real boxing kangaroos are per forming nightly at the mnsic-lmlls, and imitation pugilistic marsupials figure prominently in the pantomines. Even the sacred precincts of Downing- street have uot been free from this unwarranted invasion. Knowing that a crowd would inevitably assemble to watch the arrival of Ministers at the i first Cabinet meeting of the year, the proprietor of one of the music-halls, that boast a boxing kangaroo, ap peared on the scene with a living advertisement in the shape of his I coachman attired in fall kangaroo costume. This counterfeit kangaroo vastly amnsed the crowd by rising and saluting each arriving Minister in succession. A correspondent in one of tho Mel bourne dailies states that the Australian Natives' Association is nothing more nor less than a huge organisation for the purpose of securing cheap medical advice, and that it should sail under its true colors as the Australian Natives' Benefit Society. A whale abont 16 feet in length was found stranded on the ninety-mile beach lately. An old woman named Savage, who recently swallowed a razor, has had it removed from her stomach bya surgical operation and is now progressing favor ably. A deputation of ladies waited on Lord Jersey, Governor of N.S.W., on Wednesday, and presented a petition signed by 7,633 women, praying for the release of the Broken Hill strike leaders. Lord Jersey promised to lay the matter before the Minister of Justice. It has been decided that Mr. Wilson, the goyemment dairy expert, will start for England on Saturday to obtain information of importance to the dairying industry. In the Assembly on Wednesday evening in reply to Mr Vale, who was inquisitive as to the appointment of , Agent-General, Mr. Patterson said that no one had been promised the post, bat whatever the government even tually did they would be prepared to justify before Parliament-, and Parlia ment could review the act at its leisure.— A poKte way of saying that the government wonld appoint whom they liked, and if Parliament did not like it they coaldriump it. Very distressing accounts continue to he received of the drought and bushfires in New South Wales and the Northern districts of this colony. 