I THE HILL OF SEVEN 1 TREES. (" Chambers1 MkcelUsv."i You know that long blue hill which on< 'can sto from Toogong on a clear day I moan the ono on the top of which grow an irregular circle of six tall iron- barks, witl a dead one in the contro. ' Gum Tre'o Hill, it is usually called for short; but the litera, translation of the native name is 1 The Hill of Seven Trees.' Well, that hill was the sceno otau Adventure, which, though it ended agreeably enough, yet began in a fashion which threatened a very different termina tion; alld indeed-, if it had not been for what Foster is fond of culling my phenomenal luck, and the f sct that I have apparently as many lives as a cat, I should probably not be hero to day to tell the story. I was out after a gang of desperadoes so rufliauly that their deeds threw all previous bush horrors into the shade. They were known from the name of their leader as 'The Flower Boys,' and as a gang their career had been remarkably successful, though, indi vidually, of courso, they suffered from time to time. Eight of them still remained at large, and they kept the country side pretty lively, carrying out their plans in so clever a manner that jfc was almost impossible to trace them, much less run them to onrth. What became of all tho money and valuables they flecUrtdj or how they got tfd of th^iii, is iliird to say. No doubt) lilahy of tho small settlors of the baser sort were in their pay, and vast sums must have been expended in keeping shut the months of theso gentry. But we were cer tain that, notwithstanding this, a big pile must be stowed away somewhere and at mess, ot round the camp fire, wo often speculated as to who the lucky man would be to discover tho hoard; , One blswirig hot i'ebi'Uary the gang came dowil ih force upon a pack of fools who had been lucky at T;imbar6ora, and, detaining the servides of the escort, started to talce their dust down to Sydney on their own account. Tilings leak out at the diggings, and no doubt some of the ' Flower Boys' wore on the nrowl fob nn.vs A f m the second night, of their Journey the ' lucky five,'as they wore called, were bailed up, and making somo resistance, were shot down and all their gold stolon. It was a few days before the matter came to light, and then, with four picked men, I set to work to scour the Country for Flower and his gang, for it was pretty certain they were at the bottom of the outrage. Wo had been out about a week with never a hint of the men we were after, when one day, as wo were riding rather aimlessly over a long flat, Foster, who was on the right, brought up his horse with a sudden jork and sprang to the ground with a sharp exclama ticn. ' What is it, Tom V I called olit. Ho stoppod to pick up something, .uid then ran towards He. ' Look, sergeant,' he said escictdly. ' What do you make of this Y 'What]' I asked, leaning over my horse'o nock as he camo up. Fostor held up ft small nugget of pure gold. 'Nuggets don't grow on this Itiud dt Soil,' said he. , _'t "• 1 No; and diggers don't como this way do'wh' to Sydney,' put in Longmoro. 1 What do you suppose it means, sergeant?' queriel Foster. I did not answer him, and tho men fell to discussing the matter among themselves. In deed, I had scarcely heard Foster's question, for the mcmenl I saw the hugget in his hand nn idea bad taken strong hold of mo, and I sdt oilfehtiy on my horse, working it out, with my eyes fixed upon the distant Hill of Seven Trees. ( Boys,' I said at lousing myself from my meditations, 1 I've a notion this bit of gdld Viic.ma a good deal to us. There is Untiling to stick up in this diroction ; so, if Flower and his pang have passed over this ground—and wo will assume they have—there i3 every likelihood that the nugget has been dropped by 0110 of them 011 the way to their lair, wherever that may be.' 'I wish I know/ interrupted Peterson fer vently. ' Well,' I went on, ' if we have decent luck, you will know befoi'o to-morrow morn ing' ' How V 1 Why ' What do you mean 1' cried the men. ' Look !' I answered, pointing to the hill, from the summit of which curled upwards a thin, very thin column of smoke, so faint as to be almost invisible in the simmering dis tance. ' Bush-fire beginning,' said Longmoro, ' Xt may be so," I awi uioaceil; 'but remem ber,, this is ah olit-of-the-way place, and that sl'joke may have another origin.' 'Flower is too good a bushm&n; to light a fire where it could be seen,' argued Foster. 'Hope for the best,' I returned. 'At all events, it can do no harm to reconnoitre. Wo are much too far off to have been obser ved, so we will dismount for tho present, hobble the horses, and remain whero we are till nightfall, when we will go forward and examine the lull.' Tho afternoon wore on, and by o'clock the column of smoko was no ioiigot Id be seen. ' What about ft hush-fire now V I asked. 'Well,' said Foster, ' nrobablv it was n. k sun-downer's fire. Flower is a bigger fool than I take him to be if he lit it.' As the sun sank behind thS ranges, we jumped into oureadd!e& again, and ina couple of hours raaUiied the base of the hill, which, as you may know, juts out in a very peculiar faihion from the range of which it forms part, showing a bold, precipitous front to Ihe east, and sloping away in a long ridge, or neck, to the hills behind it. 'It is useless to attempt i:6 scalo that, lads,' I said, looking up ab the rugged face of the clift that towered above us. 'Wo must work round and climb up the nock.—Vincent, you stay liore by the horses, and keep yrtU'c 'eyes opcu and your six-shooter 'I'he rest of you come with me.' And with a parting word to him» wia plunged into the darkness and made for the ridge on the right side of the hill. Once round the face of the cliff, the ascent was fairly easy over the stone strewn ridges, and in no very long time wo stood upon the summit of the spur, nearly half a mile from the front of the hilt. Then I called a whispered halt, and gathered my men round me. ' Now, lads,! I said, ' we must search this hill thoroughly. Go slow, for we have plenty of time before us, and tho work must be well done. Spread out in a long line, and examine every inch of the ground. If one of you oflould discover anything he thinks I ought to know, let him hoot thrice like the mopoke, and I'll join him. Tho same cry thrice re peated will be tlxo signal for the rest to come up. If nothing comes of it all, we'll rendez vous at this piint at sunrise Be very Care ful. The moon will soon be upj and then you must take advantage of w hatever cover you can find. Above ail, don't hurry.—To your nlaccs.' Wo started in an extended lino, like skirmishers, Foster on the extreme left, Peterson next, then myself, while Longmore took up his position on the right. For some time wo worked on without result, tnd not a sound broke the stillness of the night. Then, suddenly, from the left camn. the mournful notes of the mopoko, thrice repeated. ; 'Confound it!' I thought. ' I wish the signal had come from the other side. One can never trust Tom Foster except in a fight.' However, there was no help for it, and I turned and made my way in the direction of the sound, wondering what maro'3 nest Foster had discovered, and grumbling gene rally, when all at once the ground seemed to glide from under me, and the next moment I felt myself falling, falling, falling, through what seemed in the pitchy darkness in infinity of space. Instantly the horrifying thought shot through my brain, ' I have gone over the edge of tho cliffand then I plunged, violently into a thick shrub, rolled out of it, and was oft" again, crashing through bnahe3 and saplings, grasping wildly right and left, and clutching madly at what ever came in the way, till at length iny headlong course was arrested by some iia..l object, against which I came sideways wi: n.i fearful bhuuip, which nearly knocked all the remaining breath out of my body. Then,as T felt myself slipping away again, I made a desperate effort to recover myself, and (lung my arms round the opportune obstacle which had arrested my full, while at the same moment a large piece of rock, dislodged by my struggles, went whirling into the air, struck a ledgo immediately below, rebounded oil", and thundered down the side of the steep, whilo I bung on to my friendly sup port with a tenacity born more of terror than of necessitj'. But there is some excuse for a man who has fallen I don't know how many feet through space, and then rolled I don't know how ninny more down a rough moun lain side. Presontly, however, I began to collect my scattered senses, and then I saw that I was clinging to tho trunk of a sassafras tree, which grow out and mrtdo a convenient angle, into which I had fallen, and but for which I should doubtless have gone the way of tho rock. While my arms clung to the tree, my body lay stretched on a small pro jecting ledge, so that I soon realised that all danger waa ov»r for tho time being, and, loosening m^ grip cif tho tree, felt myself all ot-erj and stretabed riiy legs to see if any bones were broken. No. 1 was badly bruised and., shaken, but otherwise quite unhurt, and I took a fresh grip of the tree, intending to haul myself up into a more comfortable position, when in an instant I still'ened into immobility, and lay as still as a snake in the sand, my fuce buried in my arms, lest tho sound of ray breathing should betray me. And this was the reason. Im mediately below me I heard rough voices conversing together in low tones, and evi dently not more than a few feet away. For a moment I lay and listened, as from beneath came Up a muttered conversation. ' Wot d' ver reckon it wuz. Bill 1 Wal laby V ' Wallaby be blowed!' answered Bill. 'It was a great junk of rock. I see it strike the ledge 'ere and go over. It just missed my head.' ' I wish it had been one of them troopers,' said ft thi.^d voice with .heartfelt emphasis. A fourth voice added a word or two which I failed to catch, and then the first spoaker exclaimed with a fierce oath: ' Well, it's all right, anyway. Whatever it was, hez cone to the bottom long ago. I'm going to turn in again.' Then for a moment thore was a sliuflling of feet, and afterwards silence, profound and enduring. 11^~ iia tjiiicfc As d illolist!; feyes fifted upon a silver streak that touched a low bank of clouds somowhero in the sky. Tho moon was rising, and when once she was up, I should know better what to do. ... Just then a spasm of dismay seized me. Foster, having given the signal, would natu rally be,waiting for me. .What if, fln.ding 1 did nob join liini) lie Bhoiila tioo^.e i He was ass enough to do it; and if he did, good-bye to all chanco of coming unawares upon my game below. It was scarcely likely my men had not noticed the noise I made in falling, but I could only hope the same idea had occurred to them as the follows underneath— namely, that a rock had been dislodged from its bed. I felt thankful I had not cried out as I fell., Profound stillness reigned, how ever, and I concluded that cither Foster was showing a most unusual discretion, or that he had fallen in with Longmore or Peterson, both of whom knew better than to give any indication of their whereabouts* , A. quarter p£ iVdur passed, and tho elly'dr fringe on the oloud-bank grew more intensely brilliant, and at last a magnificent full orbed moon Bailed majestically into tho sky, shining with such radiance that one might have supposed it to be day. I gazed about me in astonishment. Froiji the .ledgo on which I lajr I ooilld sob tliat I had/fallen dofrn '6n'b sldo bt li great; chasm, iOO feet wide, which apparently clove the Hill of Seven Trees in two. Having taken a broad survey of my posi sion, I began to examine the immediate vicinity. I found that I lay on a narrow out-jutting rock about 6 feot wide, down the sloping side of which I must inevitably have slidden had I not grasped the tree in time. Immediately below me vas a lodge about 14 feet long, and on this, I at once concluded, had stood the men whoso voices I had heard. But where were they now f That was the puzzle. Just then t hoard a curious sound, and craned my neck over the rock as far as I could. But its surface slanted so peculiarly that still I could see nothing but the ledge. Again the sound was repotaed—this timo an unmistakablo snore. ■ ' Ah, there they are,' I said to myself; ' sleeping the sleep of the just.' But where ? On the ledge, undor the shelter of my rock 1 Or—ah ! I had it. The truth flashed upon mo in a moment. There was a cave or holo in the side of the gully, and they were in it. How could I (ret, down to..the Ibctije ? I leaned ovb? still farther. Yes, it could be done. It was only a drop of six feet or so, the tree grew out over the ledge, and if I swung on to that, my feet would almost touch the rock. At that moment, while my head still hung over the edgo of the rock, thero was a Budden movement beneath mo, and a burly ruffi iti stepped on to tho platform and stood in the clear moortlight loofeid# afcotife iliirt. I am ftseel to surprises, and I kept quiet, though my heart thumped so violently against my ribs that it seemed to me ho could not fail to hear it. However, he stood still and made no sigm 8o close Was he that I could have knocked off his cap by stretching out my arm. Had he looked up, he must have seea mo ; but he did not, and as I lay breathless, motionless, riorid as the rock nnon which I was stretched, I heard him Boliloquise : ' What's the use of keeping confounded watcli ? ' There's nobody ro'und. I'm going to turn in like the rest of 'em.' All the time I was rapidly forming a plan fo action, while one hand stole silently to my hip, where my second revolver reposed in its case. My first had gone goodness knows jvhere when I left the top of the hill behind me. Presently I lia'u the weapon out, and ex tending my Jnrm far .over tho edge of the rock, I held, it within a foot of tho bush: ranger's head. He yawned and turned in hifj tracts to go back to the he's, ana, turning, looked, straight down the gleaming barrel. It was all over in an indescribably short space of timQ, Abounded at tho UNGXpectod aignfc, iincl, anticipating nothing loss than instant death, the man stepped backwards mechanically, Ono foot went over the ledge, and then, throwing Up his arhify hb, ffcll frith a shrill shriek ilit'rt tllti jpoo'tiiy depths below." I h&d; iiot anticipated so sudden and terriblo a Jesuit, but I had no time to tako in the horror of it all. The situation was instinct with danger, and I braced myself to face it. So thrusting my revolver into my belt, I grasped tho tree, swung myself silently down andjdrawing again, stood propared for whatovor might follow. I Htood on the platform about two feet from the mouth of a great hole in the mountain side, into which T could not sec for a wall of rock which projected between mo and it. But as I stood, a voice came from within in sleepy tones: 'What's up, I Bill ? Another rock ?' I did not answer, and the voice continued : ' Bill! I say, Bill!' Judging it unsafe to keep silence any longer, I answered in a gruf whisper : ' Wot!' ' Did yer call V 'No; it was a curlew.1 And forttinatoly the weird tvailise scream of that bird rang ont on tho air as I spoke-. 1 That's all right-, thcli,' growled tho voice, and silence fell once more. I allowed a minufco or two to elapse, and then wormed my way round the rock and lookel upon a strange scene. In front of me was a vast hole, one of those natural excavations so common in the moun tains, a place altogether about: the size of an ordinary room, with a wide floor, and a roof sloping away to a narrow anglo at the bnckr On the floor was a fire of logs, which had recently been replenished, and no doubt the smoke issuing from this hole, unobserved by the ruffians, had been that seen by us in the afternoon. Two men lay 011 the ground, sleeping heavily and snoring loudly whilo a third sat warming his hands over the blaze, his back turned to the entranco, and evidently quite unsuspicious. I made up my mind at once, and strode into tho cave without any attempt at conceal ment, for I fi'H that I had the game in my hands now. The follow heard mo coming, of course. ' Hullo, Bill?' ho had grunted with out looking round. ' Had enough watching? I told yer thore was nothing up. Hov a sup of this and turn in.' And ho stretched out his hand to a bottle, to which ho had evi dently been paying close attention. ' Take a sup afore ycr lie down,' ho reiterated ; and then, as he turned his head and saw mo : ' Why, what the ? Hero—wake up, Nod ! Wako up, Chicken !' ho cried, and springing to his feet, lie plucked his revolver from his belt. ' Throw up your hands !' I shouted, cover ing him. l'"or answer ho rushed at me. firing as ho came. I[13 bullet grazed my chock, and I folr. a sharp stinging pain, as if a red-hot wire had been drawn across it. In another moment we should have been in grips, when I pulled the trigger. Tho ball took him squarely between tho eyes, and he feU in a heap at my feet. Not a second elapsed beforo I had my pistol pointed at the others. ' Throw up 3'our hands !' I cried. Throw em up !' I repeated savagely, as 0110 fellow's hand stulo to his belt. ' Up with 'em, or I firo.' They dared not resist, for I had the drop on them, and they knew it. 'Now, throw your barkers on the ground unci st;uul up.' Tliey did ao. 'Noxv your knives. Right. Kick thorn over hero.' And at Inst they stood there, as hangdog a couple of ruffians as you would wish to see, but defenceless. ' 1 We're clone this timCj Ohickon,' aaid Ned with an oath. ' Yes,' I said, ' you are ; so you'd best bo quiet. Are thore any more of you about Y ' No,' growled the Chicken. ' Whore's Flower, then?' I asked. ' Whoro you won't find him,' said Ned. 'You keep a civil tonguo in your head,' I retorted.7^'Ned, you pick up that bit of rope and tie the Chicken's hands behind his back, and if you don't get it done before I count ten, I'll blow your ugly head off.—Quick, now !' With(i savage snarl Ned obeyed: and as he tied the last knot I Blipped a pair of handcuffs over his wrists before he had timo to realise what I was about, whipped a turn of the rope around his wais^; and then, as the two of them broke into a torrent of fearful curses, I searched, the cave thoroughly without finding anything for my-pains. 'Shut up I' I said, taking the slack end of the ropo in my hand. ' Koop your breath till you get to' Sydney. ' You'il Want it nil then. And now, march !' ' Where to T growled the front fellow. 'E)own.'tho gully. You lead mo to the face of the hill.—And mark mo, if you attompt to play any tricks, you'll get a mighty short shrift. On you go.' They started ,in sullen silence, and once on the lodge outside, walked to' tho lettj. where, hidden in the shadow of the great bouidef, was a narrow trick. 'Thero ain't no way down as I knows on,' said the Chicken looking back. ' Then lead up to the top,' I answered, ' and we'll get down by the neck.' They went on, forcing their way through the shrubs and undergrowth, and clambering over tho rocks rthd'fallefi trees vflth a .good doal of difficulty in their helpless condition, while I followed behind like a slave-driver, only with something much more convincing than a whip in my hand. Just as'we got to the top of tho gully there was a sudden loud coo-Go close by. : . 1 Foster at last,1 P thought. 'Poo-eel' I ahoiked in retilrn; ijjtd/then; 'Hurry up; boys ! I've got 'em. There was a cry of astonishment, and my men came running up together, all pressing round to ihake mo by the harnl. ' Well, I'm blowed !' said Foster. 'How" did you mauage it ?' We had given you up for lost, as, after we struck the edge of tho gully, we all agreed you must have fallen over.' ' Well, and so I did,' I answered cheer fully ; ' and that's tho way I managed it.' And I told them mv. story. . _ , , , , 'IBj^ultU'^siSid, Fostiir agaiH. SlieH I .Haft nnishe'd, it your luck isn't phenomenal!' 'But, Tom.' I interrupted, 'what made you give the signal ?' ' I heard something,' ho replied; 'but it was only a rock wallaby on tho go.' ' Ah ! I thought so much,' said I, laughing. 'Well, I forgive you anyway, for unless you had hootod?. I might never have had that lufcky tumble into t-)!e gully.' , . . , ' But did you find anything V asked Long more. 'Nothing,' I answered. ' I oxpecfc the hoard is somewhere else, and Flower and the others are alongside it. — Isn't that so, Chiclion V But the Chicken preserved a disdainful. silence. As we were talking, wo were standing within the circle of troes which gives the hill its name, and Potqrson'was, leaning against the dfiadtrqe: staridlnf* bh ttilB of Ita glaiit roots. As he was filling his pipe, ho dropped his pouch, and uttered an exclamation of surface as he stooped to pick it up. ' What'3 wrong?' we all inquired. 'Why, here's another of thorn,'lie answered, and lie held up a small uuggot between his finger and thumb. ' Aha I' I said ; ' wo are on a hot scent, boys. Search among the roots.' They did so without any result, while to all interrogation the two prisoners remained obstinately silent. "The tree is holloWj'-said Lotigmore at ltist! ' biit tHeire Id tic! ojfleriiHg at tHe fea'e; Perhaps higher up ' ' By Jove ! you've struck it. Jack,' I cried. ' I wondered all along what they wanted with all that rope. However, put the bracelets on the Chicken, and lot us liave the line here.' Foster very soon accomplished this, and with the rope in my hand I turned to Peter son. ' You are the lightest* .Frank. Take a dast_ovor tho tirst furitand shirt tip.' After a low unsuccessful attejiijitSj, w(j gob tho rope over the branch, and a slip-knot having been made, the loop was drawn tautj Pctorson thon.took off his boots aild swarmca up the ropb, occasionally resting his feet against tho trunk, in the native fashion, and presently ho was in the fork. ' Here you are, sdrgeant,' he cried. 'There's no mistake about it this time.' He was tugging away at something with all his might, and. at last from a wide hole in thfj straight tvu^k qbo.ve lli§ lie,id; ho, jvi'onched out what looked like H blindlB oil old rag'g. ' Stand from under !' ho shouted, and cast tho thing at our feet, swinging himself >o the ground a moment later. It was an old flannel shirt, tightly tolled up, and with tho sleevea knotted round it for security. I untied them, and as the ends fell apart, the moonbeams poured a flood of radiance unon a maf im«n of nuggets and gold-dust. _ ' Hurrah I'. shouted liiy thenwhile Patter ioii exclaimed : ' That's good enought for one haul I should think.' 'Rather,1 I saidr ' There must be about a hundred ounces hero. But this can't be all; the ' lucky fivo' had moro th m that by a good deal.' ' It's all you'll "et,s put in Kcd, with an oath. ' The i'ost of tlitJ swag is wlieiro £oii will nfever toilcli it.' . ... ' We'll not take your word for that, my man,'I replied. Nor did we; but, all the same, the most thorough search by daylight discovered nothing moro; and at last we gave it up, and jogged oft' with our prisionera, woll content with the result of our expedition so far as it went. Ned and the Chicken stood their trial and went to their deaths without opening their lips about their fellows ; and it was many a long day beforo wo ran down Tlowor, though we got him at last. 