Original Compositions. A Lost Cat. — By Minnie Maud Hardy, Munica. — When we were living in Calivil, one of my cousins gave me a dear little black kitten. She had white paws, and we used to say she had gloves and stock ings on. I called her Tiny, and last spring she had two kittens. At Christmas, when we were leaving Calivil, we took her and the kittens with us in a bag, but when we arrived at our new home and laid the bag down on the verandah she got out and ran away, and for a long time we saw nothing more of her. One day one of papa's men told us that he saw her at a woolshed a mile from our place, and we went to look for her there, but could not find her, and last Sunday, when papa, mamma and two of my sisters went to grandpapa's in Jarklin they were surprised when aunty told them Tiny was there. She had been at grandpapa's farm, five miles from Munica, and from there she went to Jarklin. My sisters brought her home, and I was quite delighted to have her back again after such a long absence. She knew me as soon as she saw me, and began purring and rubbing me with her head as if she were indeed very glad to be back again. Byaduk School.— By Frances Forsyth. — Our school is situated on a hill with a row of pine trees round the bottom of the school-ground and pine trees round the teacher's house, and it looks very pretty. Below it there is a mill in a green valley, and a little way from it there flows a pretty creek. There are sixty-two children going to school, and I have only missed one day in six months. My sister Tesa is in the sixth class, my little sister Flora is in the second class, and I am in the fourth. Our Dog Jacas.— By John Patrick Forrest, St. Finbarrs, Korong Vale. — We have a very fine Collie dog, named Jacas, who comes to meet ns every evening when we are coming from school. He is a very good watch dog, and will not hurt anyone unless they tease him. When he wants anything to eat he will stand up on his hind legs and endeavor to shake hands. He is very fond of sweets. Every day he will stand outside the door and wait for his dinner very patiently. One day mamma went down to grandma's, and while she was there the butcher came. She took what meat she wanted and left it on a post beside the garden gate. A few minutes afterwards, when mamma was going home, she called the other dogs, Finn and Masa, who instantly came. When going through our own gate, mamma noticed that Jacas was not with her. On looking round, she saw Jacas by grandma's gate post. She called him again and again, but still he refused to come, and, wagging his tail, looked at the top of the post, which reminded mamma that she had forgotten the meat. Domestic Pets.— By Mary Elizabeth Morley, Gormandale. — I have four poddie calves, and they follow me if I go outside. I feed them every morning and night. We are milking seven cows. "Dolly" will let us milk her anywhere out in the paddock, and if we happen to rattle a bucket, no matter where "Dolly" is, and she hears us, she will come running over and follow us about with the bucket till we milk her. One morning she followed my sister into the kitchen. My sister did not know what to do at first. Then she rattled the bucket, and "Dolly" followed her out into the yard. We have a lot of pets, but our special pet is our baby sister, who is only three months old. About a Pony. — By Joseph Gunning. — We have a pony who comes to the kitchen door every day for some salt. One day she didn't come, so we went to look for her. We did not find her for three days. she had fallen down a digger's hole. Father dug the hole wider, and we got the horse to pull her out, but she was stuck in the mud too fast. There were some men working in the bush, so I fetched them. There were four of them, and they got her out. She was lying on the ground all night, and we rubbed her. The next morning the men lifted her on her feet. She was very weak for some time, but she is all right now and comes every day for salt. Lily Mitchell, Agnes River.— Toora is a pretty little township three miles from the Agnes, on the southern railway. There are some hills which look pretty from the railway station, with the trees dotted all over them. There is a post-office, two hotels, a church, State-school, some stores and houses and a Mechanics' Institute. A Pet Cat.— By John Comerford, aged ten years and nine months, Apsley.— We have a cat that came to our place eleven years ago. When she is going to have kittens she goes away and stops away for a couple of months, and then brings them home. We went away to Portland and stopped three weeks, and while we were away my father came home, but the cat would not come in. She would only stand out side and look in. He never saw any more of her while we were away, but when we came home she re turned too, and came inside and seemed very pleased to see us. Then she went away, and a couple of mornings afterwards we saw her outside with three kittens. They were very wild and we could not catch them. A Terrible Fire.— By Harold Marris, Christmas Hill, aged ten years one month.—One of the hottest days in last summer there was a terrible bush-fire which burnt a lot of fencing. One farmer had all his milking sheds, barns, pigsties, orhards, grass and miles of fencing destroyed. His house was only saved by some men who threw wet bags over it. The fire was caused by a man who was burning off, and did not watch it carefully. Some of the men fainted because the heat of the day and fire was so great. 