GLENMAGGIE. (FROM OUR OwN CORRESPONDEST.) Tuesday, The weather continues fhot and dry, I consequence of which the crops and pastures appear very discouraging. I think it is the hardest spring we have had for six or eight years, and should the drought continue for any length of time we have every prospect of a dry autumn and a severs winter, N?ot withstanding the anfavourable season, the supply of milk at the creamery continues as high as ever, but I fancy that wont be the case for long. At a meeting of the Gienmaggio raciog club held on the 5th inst., it was decidedi to hold the ainnal races as usual on lNew Years' Day, 1895, Il Air Garvey's paddock. With a programme of a Maiden Plate, two Hurdle ruo-s and a Flutter, I expect to see the cards pretty well filed, and with favor. able trietment from the gods of the weather we ought to see things looking pretty lively on " The Lodge" on New Year's Day next, A team of cricketers visited Stratford on Saturday i oak to play a match in connection with the Crooke trophy, which resulted In the Stratford team having four points placed to their credit. That our team was not the -best the CGlen could produce was folly demonstrated by the fact that on last Satur day a team, picked from those who could not go to Stratford, except one or two, played those who went and heat them by six runs. Surely when our boys play next time, with an eleven selected. from the players and the tugs, they will give a better account of them.selves than to let Stratford sit on them. I notice bushfires are raging pretty exten. sively in the vicinity of Pearson's Point, whioh I fear will prove deatructive to the grass and fences of those selectors and settlers who have holdings in that locality. A few days ago the residence of Mir It. Dow narrowly esuaped einog consumed by the flames, the fire, raanglg with great fury, having passed about fifteen yards fron the house. Thlis weather is particularly suited to the spread of fires, it being not only very warm, but they are almost cotnstatly fanned by strong winds which have blown from day to day fur the last fortnight. A meeting of tihe ladies interested in pienic matters was held on lMouday lst in the meltnics' institute, Mliess Annie Monds being voted to the chair. After some dif. cussion it was decided to hold a pionio in coonection with the Upper and Lower aler. maggie schools on the sports reserve, esar the township, on the 6th of Decemnl:er. It was also arranged thit a dance should take place in the evening, the ladies to supply the refreshments and the boys to hire the itall and engage the musician. A vote of thanks heiig passed to the chairwoman, a very pleasant meeting terminated. 