Dr fl'Bonoglme's Patient. by goodwjn. 44 Axe you there?" A sharp voice speaking through the tele phone. 41 Can you hear me? Well, I want a nurso within an hour." 41 For what case ?" 44 Mental. Docile patient and young. A lady." 44 At what address?" " ALenzies' uoieL ftfltr tor mi vernon. 44 What doctor attending ?" 4t My Bell"— here followed the name of Dr O'Donoghue, and the hell rang off. Well within the hour, for the superintendent of the nurses home had drilled us into prompt ness, tho waiter showed me into a sitting- room at Menzies', and a tall man came forward to greet me. 44 Well, nurse," he said, eyeing me keenly, a compliment I repaid in kincL 41 Fm glad you came so quickly, as the doctor will be here soon, and I wibh you to see him before going up to tbe patient." 44 That is a course I always prefer," 1 said, shortly. 44 Shall I wait here for the doctor?" 44 Yes; and I'll tell you all there is to toll about tbe patient. Bnt sit in this easy chair. You look tired." He took my valise from me and drew forward a chair kindly, but as he did so, I thought I had never seen a less kind face,' 44 You look very young for a nurse," he said, vieing me thoughtfully. This remark 1 wan accustomed to and hated, for I always fancied a doubt of my competency larked beneath. 44 I'm twenty-Bix," I said, tartly, 44 and have had five years' experience—two years in the Alfred Hospital, and three spent in nursing private cases." 44 I'm sure you will manage this case suc cessfully," be said, 44 but it will, I fear, be a long one. The patient is my wife's cousin, and the family. My wife and I have been travelling with her for several months in hope that change of scene might benefit her, but she still has fixed delusions, and now her general health seems failing. X think myself she has always been better without medical treatment, and 1 intended trying how die would do with out it, with only our care. But she became so violent one night at another hotel we were staying at, that the landlady sent for Dr O'Donobue ; and as he insists he can effect a cure, I must let him have a fry." He hit his lips as he spoke, and a savage look of chagrin was on his face for a moment. That quickly passed, and he resumed speaking in his smoothly pleasant voice, 44 The doctor declares she will do better with strangers; eo. against my own better judgment, I have consented to try his plan. He has made arrangements for your taking Miss Cameron soon to a farmhouse. The farmer is an old patient of his, and he says you will both he well housed and taken care of. I hope so." Just then the loud voice of the doctor made itself heard, cheerfully shouting down tbe cor ridor: "No. 23? All right, waiter; I know my way," and bringing into the close room a pleasant, bracing outdoor atmosphere, in rolled an old friend of mine, (he well-known Dr O'Donoghue. He shook hands with me in his cheery, rapid way, and then drew Mr Vernon apart. 44 About that horse, Vernon ;: and then en sued a conversation to which I paid little need, save to notice that Mr Vernon seemed to know the doctor's weak points and to play to them. 44 And now about the patient," said the medical man at last, hurriedly. 44 Told tbe nurse about her, Vernon ?" 44 Yes." 44 Well, come along nurse, then, and be in stalled. Splendid little nurse, Yernonl" he fhouted, as we went along the passage ; 44 make Miss Cameron right in no time." But this I doubted when I saw my new patient. She was seated by her window, look ing down moodily at the great tree ferns in the courtyard, and (after one apathetic look at the doctor and one of fear at me, when I removed my cloak, and she caught right of my uniform) she sat thus daring all the doctor's visit. TTia questions she left unanswered, and his commendations of me as 44 a nice cheerful com panion I've got for yon," she only scornfully smiled at. The room had another leading out of it, and , just as the doctor rose toleave, the doorfrom this opened and in came a lady who was introduced to me as Mrs Vernon. Certainly, there was as little love between the cousins as there was likeness, for the moment ehe appeared, life , sprang into my patient's eyes-— life, hatred, SHiiOB, transforming the pale gill for- » But that quicklv faded out, and again HrHrs eyes looked wearily down on the ferns Mrs Vernon was certainly a handsome woman ; and now I saw why the doctor, usually so busy, had made an unnecessarily long call. I knew well his keen appreciation of pretty women. He liked them fair, fat and far from forty. The last item especially important, for, as he confided to me one day, 44 All women over forty ought to be shut up or shot." Also, he liked change, and I knew that at that time not a single pretty nurse was nursing for him ; so the poor man's mind most have indeed been dull. Here he evidently found amusement. He rushed into an animated conversation with the newcomer, and I went up to kfYaa Cameron and touched her gently on the arm. She looked at me with great, startled eyes. 4 4 Won't yon come into the Inner room and lie down ?" 1 said ; 44 you look so tired." She rose and followed me. 44 What do you really thinte about MUs Cameron, nurse ?" said the doctor to me, two davs later, when we were alone. J4 She is insane," I answered. 44 Poor little thing ! She has melancholy, undoubtedly, but X don't notice any fixed delusions bo far." " How do you address her— by what name, I mean 2" 44 A s "Miss Cameron, of course." 44 Does she respond to ft t ? I hesitated. 44 Well, no ; I fancy ehe does not. X re member she asked me, when I had only been with her a few hours, to "11 her 4 Hetty. That is strange, for Mrs Vernon says her name is 4 Ursula.'" 44 Well, there, you see, is one fixed delusion," said the doctor, dryly, 44 and you'll find she has ' more. I«ook out for suicidal tendencies. Mtb Vernon sayB she has none, and !»« been too careless in watching her, X fancy. Vernon and X have had one or two sh&tp; disputes about it I will have her carefully watched, and if it's too much for yon, they'll have to get another nurse to help you. I'm not going to let this little thing slip through my fingers. By Jove," added (he doctor with feeling, 44 she's too pretty to die !" 44 Not so pretty as her sister ?" I queried mischievously. 44 Ten times as pretty, bnt not half as band- some,' said the doctor. 44 Now, look here, nurse, Mrs Vernon is a handsome woman, but I don't half like her, and X talk to her as to draw her ont as for any other reason. She means mischief to hnr cousin, that Fm sure of, and so I've determined to put the patient out of her reach. Vernon w»s unwilling at first, but I threatened to throw up the case, he seems anxious to avoid scandal, or any public t»iir about the case." 44 leant endure the man," 1 said ; "4the has such a shifty free, bnt'I fancy his is not m cruel ashls wife. Sheoften looks ac Hiss Cameron quite aavagely." "H'm-m. Tea, I've noticed that Well, ; take care of (he poor little thing Good-day." And the doctor was off. That day week my charge and X were stand ing at the Shepparton railway, station, and, really, X felt nearly as disconsolate as she looked when I surveyed the scene. I must say 1 saw dimly through eyes blinded, not with tears, a (dost "Let no one complain of the Melbourne dust 3 they've compared it with that of Shepparton doling the' summer. No one, however, can cast a stone at the place, for there isn't the smallest pri>ble even in the neighboxfaood. Nothing bnt dnst — dust that one could not shake off one's feet. However, soon the buggy belonging to the' farmer at whose house, we were to be boarders appeared, and we were driven off in it. I began to wonder why on earth Mr Vernon and the .doctor had chosen ft» part of ft« oo on try, but ceased to when we drove aloncr (he river hank, for (hen X saw that even there lurked spots of loveliness. Water a>eneiy has alwavs had a great charm for me, and before X left the district X had learn tto love the stately Goulburn. .X think its greatest charm, perhaps, lies in the .nut trees which stretch across from bank to bank, or stand silhouetted against' the sty in weird and graoeful outline. Paradise Farm was a low, rambling wooden house, with a beautiful fruit -garden attached. My friend end I had a semi-detached blook-of three rooms, standing on a little rise which overhung large r&ch; of the river. The bed rooms looked out on the water, and I was very annoyed to find that this was the case, for I thought it a foolish . choice of bedrooms for a suiciasflpatieiit. r " Mrs Vernon haddtoaen them, and, in oolo- nial parlance, I felt 1 41 owed her one " for doing so. . . . Well, a month passed. I grew fond of Hetty, but piqued that she would not confide in me her trouble. I felt convinced some re&a; grief waa hers. What? I wondered. If ehe never told me aught of her past life X could never find out or help At last, one day I suddenly learned much. I had brought her a letter addressed to her by Mrs Vernou. 4 ' Miss TTrsuta Cameron" was on the envelope. . After reading it she burst into tears We were Sitting by the river, and Mie flung herself ongth erass in a passion of s"bs. X knelt by her and comforted her. 44 Do toll me, Miss Cameron, what distresses youo? She sat up suddenly, flung off my hands fiercely and cried, " Fm not Miss Gamer :n! Never call me so again. I won't Bubmit to it." 44 Very well, dear, vary well," I said, soothingly. 44 X am Mrs Vernon," ehe said, passionately. " That— that woman is Ursila Cameron, my cousin, aud X— I— God be my witness, X am Manrice Vernon's wife!' I looked at the girL A wild light was in her eyes, but not the light of insanity. "Suddenly it was borne in on me that her word, were true. Ay»At yet, somehow I could not believe ber totally for I bad so often seen the furtive look, so common to lunatics, strongly marked in her face. . But was she a wronged woman, insane from cruel treatment, and from brooding over real wrongs ? If so, her nurse should be her guardian. I drew her down into my arms. 44 Dear," I said, 44 tell me 3verytning, and if you have been wronged, I will be your friend, and so will Dr O'Donoghue." 44 Ah!" she said, despairingly. 44 But he thin lra me mad. So do you. Perhaps I am. T often so, too. I have vrild dreams, aud I feel as if I must get by myself and then I never can. Ah ! I know you do yur duty to watch -me eo. Von are afraid X shall kill myself. Perhaps I shall some day. What have I to live for ? Once he loved me, once I dreamed that my arms were to hold a littleooiog babe. _ But now my arm" are empty—" she stretched them widlyout— 44 and my husband unfaithful— tired of a fretting, ailing wife." 44 How did it happen, Hetty ?" 44 How ? Ah ! bow onrt a mad girl's brain count back with certainty? I only remember my ; baby's coming aud then that it was gone. Xt had only lived two short weeks, they told me. Then there seemed a long h'&nk; with only my cousin's face in it. She had always loved Maurice and now she told m he loved her. 44 1 remember her bending dbwn over the bed. and how her blue eyes flashed as ehe eaid 4 Poor, puny thing. Did you never guess it was for money he married you r "I shrieked and pushed he»£rom me, and then I rememberonly darkness, with cruel faoesgleam- ing out of it at me. Then te darkness pasBed, and I was on a ship. Maurice was with me and Ursula, always Ursula, and a strong, toll woman, Ursula — always Ursula, but Maurice called her Hetty my own old name, and he said it was not mine— had never been, that mine was Ursula, hers Hetty, and (hat she was his wife. And when in my despair X shrieked out, the strong old woman came to me and tied me in my bunk. Tell me, tell me, am 1 mad—? X hardly know. Yet, my head aches so— if I coUd but get to (he river to cool it." Dr O'Donoghue was with me a few days later. I had sent for him, for my patient had been so wild and slept so badly. X told him her disjointed story. 44 She's mad right enough, nurse,'' he said, paring the room excitedly. 44 But I'll stake mv life on it, ehe's been badly treated. Vernon and Mrs Vernon have been in Sydney for the last month, and there are queer surmises about tbem. Directly I took this case iu band I scented mischief, and I've instituted enquiries in England through a detective agency. Next nmi| x expect information. 1 have some already, and if turn out as 1 fancy, FH put tbe police on Vernon. Wire me if you want me and watch her closely." Mr and Mrs Vernon turned up a week after the doctor's visit. They seemed vary anxious to be alone with the patient and evinced great concern about my health, which, they felt sure, must be suffering from such close attention to my patient. Bat I stuck to my post, and, if I left Miss fVTP at all, always put Mrs Field, the former's wife, in my place. One very hot day I did tins and laid down in my own room, which adjoined the patient's. a Waking from a short sleep, I hearda tapping sound on the shore of the reach, and, looking out of my window, nv Mr Vernon bending J oraralxwt 1 took very little notice, for X was very sleepy, and I lay down again. Presently J was once more aroused. There was a raging hot wind at tbe time, and now came borne on it a scorching swell. I knew bush- fires were raging in the valley, and, hurriedly dressing, went out. I met Mrs Field coming out of Hetty's room with a very pale face. 44 I'm glad you've come," she said, 44 1 must be off. TOie whole valley's alight, they say, and Jim is burning off round the house. The boys are all out 4 beating off. The green trees in toe froit garden may save the house, but the farm buildings will all go. It's cot many miles off now, and toe wind is our way." She spoke with calmness poor woman, and bustled off to get oatmeal miter made for toe men. Mrs Vernon, who was not ill-natured in some ways, helped her cany it to the half-fainting men who were 41 beating out" a few miles off, and they were riding to and fro all through toe hot evening and night. The wind fell at mid night, hut there was no rain, and in the morn ing again sprang up the hostile wind, and now I could plainly hear the crash of the falling timber, and see the lovely lurid flames leap from tree to tree. Mr Vernon had helped manfully all night, and now was brought back ill, and for some time passed from one fainting fit into another. My poor little patient was veiy still, and clung to me with a glad light in her eyes, t saw she thought Death was coming, and wel comed him as a friend. At last the out-huildixigs caught and the farmer came to us. 44 Not & minute to be lost," he said to me. 44 Get Miaa Cameron ready. We must have out the boats and go on the reach, for the house will catch." So I told her. She understood and came calmly. She and I got into one boat with Mrs Field, two children and a man servant. We pushed out ; and, smiling, Hetty dappled her hands in toe water, and lay hack against me. She loved rowing ou the lake, and often lately, against my wish, Mr Vernon had rowed us out. We went generally, however, in & smaller boat The Gipsy. Mr Vernon (I must mention) was a strong swimmer, and always declared that if Hetty did jamp overboard he could save her, oven if she willed otherwise. Tbe Gipsy was the next boat launched, and into it got Mrs Vernon and Alice, a maid servant. They were both dressed alike, for Vernon had given her one of her wrappers to pat on in the hnixy. The farmer went back to the house to fetch Mr Vernon. Our two boats pulled out. We pulled straight for toe centre of the lake, -but Mrs Vernon, who was tired, let her boat drift a little, so we got separated. We were quite In. the middle of the lab when we heard a scream from her boat, and both Mtb Vernon and Alice shouted together, but the noice of the falling trees and toe roaring of toe wind prevented one hearing the words. Then came more cries 'from the bank, and I saw that Mr Vernon mid the farmer were wildly gesticulating. Then they leapt into the soar ana oegan to pull towards us. No! Towards Mrs Ver non! Strange to say, her boat had made hut little . progress. Mrs Field looked frightened. 41 1 do believe the Gipsy's sinking," ehe said, and we polled fast towards it. We were nearing rapidly, so rapidly that we heard Mrs Vernon's wild cry, "Maurice! " and the sobs of toe servant maid, when sud denly toe Gipsy keeled over and sank i Now, with a wild leap, (he flames caught our old rooms, overhanging toe water. They illumined toe agonised faoe of Maurice Vernon as he leaped into the water and swam wildly to where toe Gipsy had boon. And, seeing the awful remorse on his face, I finessed the truth. He had yesterday tampered witothehoafr Plotting Hetty's death, fell retribution had tefslldn him, and by his own hands he hod compassed the death of the woman he loved. Bnt he was a good swimmer anddiver. Could he save her yet? : A about of triumph from (he farmer. Vernon was to the boat, and a woman in a crimson wrapper was on his arm. Jnst then a clumsy rower let his oar Blip. It Btruck .toe struggling man— he loosed his ; hold, and fell back lib a log into the water. - But toe woman was rescued — and — toe was Alice, toe maidservant !" It was a long time before Hetty folly re covered from toe riiock of (hat awful night. I nursed her for many ' months' until .her friends in England had been communicated' A strange story bers. It seems that finding her recovery from pueperal insanity improbable, - hor hufih4H?f had formed ene wild plan of taking her abroad, representing her to the frustees of her father's will as cured and still living, Mid regularly drawing her income under forged orders. Meanwhile his old love figured as his wife, and made, quite a sensation in colonial society. This fihe could do abroad. Among her own circle at home she would never have consented to live a life of shame ; but so long as she figured as his wife, and consequently was treated with respect, she was content. But she tired of her rival's face, and, in view of that rival 8 possible return to SEUuey, the pofiition was too precarious. So they conspired against the poor child s life. Well, toe cloud that broke over tbe Burners cleared the sky for ftfl sinned against Slowly, but surely, Hetty fought her way back to sanity. Once more the sun snone tor ner. _ She is Dr O'Donoghue's happy wife now, and has been for nearly four years. Next to him alio loves me, I think, hut there is 44 someone" she loves better than either. (She sometimes comes to see me in the country hospital X »m now matron of, and brings this 44 someone" with her. 44 Someone" is just two ysars old now. 44 Someone" has yellow hair, fat legs, stout fists, blue eyes, strong lungs. What is bis name ? Well, bis mother called him 44 Theodore" (gifts of God), but the doctor hates the name and will always style . him iust 44 the O'Doaaghue." 