NORTHAMPTON. (From our own Correspondent.) A dearth of news has been the cause of my not writing to you for a considerably long time- There was nothing of any interest to report; but now, however, a slight change in the mining iudustry has taken place, and will, I hope, be the cause of awakening us from the apathetic slumbers of the many years of depression experienced in this town since the mining industry collapsed. Already I observe some strange faces amongst us, thanks to our only Captain, who has employed these men at the Wipst .Australian Mining Company's Mine, (Victoria) which has already been unwatered, and in the course oF a day or so copper ore will be sent to surface. The taking out of the water fronk the mine has been a smart piece of work considering the large quantity of .water accumulated and that which the mine usually makes. The manager, Air. S. Mitchell, has shown me two pieces of good copper ore which be himself got ftpm the mine to-day. Mr. Mitchell says notwithstanding the former workers du? out the eyes of the mine as far as they could during the last week the mine was beiug worked, there is yet ore in sight and he will be able to get some w hilst the preparations for working the mine are going on. Although Mr. Mitchell does not seem to be very communicative re the company, still he said this much, that from correspondence he had received from London last week, he was convinced that a bound company had been formed and that much more would yet be heard of it. Haymaking is in full swing, but they are very poor crops consequent on the long spell of dry weather we haye had. Having regard to the time of the year, an unusual bash fire commenced yesterday afternoon in the vicinity of Nockaneua, and was soon in full raye and spreading in all directions. In a very short time it reached the confines of Drew's farm at Nockauena, and only for the vigorous exertions in beating down the flames by Messrs. T. Cunningham, T. Drew, G. Bandy, J. Haley, A. Boyd, W. Cox and P.c. VVatsen,—who had to foot it from the police station on account of no horse being there,—all of whom are deserving of the hi^hej&t; praise for their prompt and strenuous efforts in saving the standing crops,—the farm would have been burnt up. It was At first thought that the fire originated by the natives setting fire to the bush, but I understand that P c. Watson traced its origin to a piece of negligence on the part of same white men. The fire was raging all last night and came within about half a mile of the town. Mr. J. Drage lost about 5 acres of hay by the busli fire. Feed will oe scarce enough this season without bushfires to lick it up with their fieiy tongues, and a watchful eye should be kept on the commonage to save what little feed there is. I observe the commonage wells which bad been in a filthy state for years have been thorough)^'-cleaned-oat aiid secured with-water by Messrs. II. J. Sims and W. Harrison. Two mi!es of poison country hare also been feuced out of the common by public subscriptions. Mr. W. Snowden, an old shepherd, died suddenly at Geraldine on last Sunday morning. Ihe Chief Inspector of Stock considers that now the scab in this and the Murchison districts is completely eradicated, and it is a pity he cannot say the same of the other infected partis of the colony. Wool still keeps coming into town, and the reports of the clips are not always the brightest. The sheariug at Oakabella station, will, I understand, be finished in« few more days. The weather has been pretty warm during the past week. October 26. 180*. 