Queensland Stock Movements* and State of the Country. (Qucenslandcr, Jan. 0.) Encouraging reports aro to hand from 7flrious parts of the country this week. In tho south-east thunderstorms have given a useful amount o£ moisture, although they havo been very patchy, while the dryness of the north districts have been Luiuyciuu uy uciiuuumi muja. o.u iuu mr wuau, tuuj about T'ambo and Blackall, there aro indications ot an early break in the weather, and hopes aro entertained that wo aro to havo another good season this year. During Monday the weather continu#d oppres sively hot in Brisbane, and the air was thick with the smoke of bush fires burning in all directions. Shortly after 7 o'clock in the evening a thunder storm came up from the southward, giving a showov of rain that cooled the atmosphere and laid the ckust, though it was but of a few minutes' duration. Our Logan correspondent speaks of tho intense dryness of the country in his district, and unhappily the bush fires there havo 'boon the. cause of serious destruction of property. From the Darling Downs also we learn* onac rain is urgently neeaea, and tnac cue bush fires are burning up a largo area of grass, while the smoke and heat thus caused are intensi fying the natural dryness. Rain has fallen within tho last week or so both in New viouth Wales and Victoria, and it seems likely that Mr. Wragge'e recent forecast of thunderstorms in South-eastera Queensland will receive fulfilment at an early date. Cairns, January 1. — There was a lioavy thunder storm yesterday, and l'28in. of rain fell. Tho weather is now cooler. January 1 : The weather ia fine and sultry. Ingham, January 3. — Seven inches of rain have fallen here during the last two days, aud more i8 threatening. Townsville, January 2. — Most welcome rain fell last night, the official gauge registering l'80in. Oak Park (viA Pentland), January 1. — Fine' rains have fallen over the whole of the district during the past month, 4in. being registered here. Heavy rains fall on the Einasleigh, at Lyndhursfc, and Carpentaria Downs. The rains have fallen right along the Georgofcown-Pentland road. Tho Clark, the Broken River, and the Cape River aro all running, but are erossable. The rainfall though iCf showers has been very general, not less than aQ inch falling at any place, while as much as 5iu. and Gin. fell in isolated spots, running creeks and hanVnrq. n.nrJ filHnrr lin f-lm Vmloo ir* the rivers, running them here and flhere for a few miles. There has been comparatively no loss oS stock in this district, and there is now abundance ofi green grass everywhere, with every indication that an early wet season has already commenced. Maryborough, Januar-j 1.— 1100 mixed cattle passed on the 2Sch December from Plain Creek fol Gracemere. An inch and a-half of rain fell hereon the 21st December, and the grass is looking well. The thermometer registered 101 degrees in the shade on the 27th. Rockhaslpton, December 2S.— Yesterdny wasr the hottest day ever experienced in Rockhampton, the thermometer at the telegraph office registering lOG.Odeg. in the shade. To-day is again very hot and close. — January 3 : The weather yesterday wag dull and showery. A heavy downfall took placs about noon, followed by steady rain in the after noon and evening. Bundaberq, December 31. — Light showers fell at tho Isis to-day, and at the North Isis the rain was fairly heavy. The roads are consequently boggy, and there are pools of water over the horses' fetlocks. The weather is excessively hob and dry. There are bush-fires everywhere, causing several obstructions on the Mary borough-road. A large culvert one mile south, of the Elliott River, on tho main Maryborough road, was destroyed by a bush-fire to-day. In the Isis Scrub the weather is very hot, the thermometer registering over lOOdeg. in the shade and 145deg. in the sun. — January 1 : Rain is des perately needed here, as the country is parohed and the water tanks are empty. There is some appearance of a storm this evening. — January 2 ; Rain has been falling steadily sinoe this morning, with every appearance of continuing. — January 3 r General rains havo fallen at Childers, and there was a light downfall here yesterday. The weather is now fine, and more rain is much wanted. WiNDOitAix, January 2. — A mob of store eattle and also a mob of bulls have passed here. Adavalh, January 2. — Isolated thunder alio wers, giviug a rainfall from 0.50in, to lin.. fell arouncl here last week. Charleville-, January 2. — The weather is warm. The clouds are now gathering up with some appear ance of a storm, Stastkorpb, January 3. — A thunderstorm occurred last night, with 1*41 of rain. The down pour was very weleome, as tho fruit crop and gar dens were suffering severely from the dry weather. The prospects of the show aro now much improved. Goondiwindi, December 30. — The weather is still hot, though a couple of cool days intervened on the 28fch and 29th as the result of a strong south-westerly wind. Rain is anxiously looked for. Wallumbilla, December 30. — The weather during the past month has been dry and excessively hot ; the rainfall has been only about l jin., and has fallen in such small quantities that it has done but little good, the heaviest fall during the month being 60 points on the 15th. The past week has fully borne out Mr. Wragge's forecast of 22nd instant, 'Dust storms and dry thunderstorms,' Thursday last being an extremely unpleasant day. Although the sun heat has been very great, the nights have been very cool, the difference in tem perature between midday and midnight being from 50deg. to 60deg. Nananoo, January 2. — Eighty-five Hereford and Devon bullocks are passing for Rockhampton, via Gayndah, for sale, T. Hill, Richmond, owner. Dalby, January 1.— The weather is very hot, bub a storm without rain passed over tho town this evening and cooled the air. Beenleichi, January 2. — A thunderstorm swept over.- the township laBt night, but again we were doomed to disappointment, for only a single point of rain was registered. Toowoomba, January 2.— A thunderstorm broke over the town last night, with little rain. At Greenmount, Cambooya, and Clifton tho storm was much heavier, and from Jin. to Jin. of rain fell. Rain is much needed, as tho crops in many places are almost perishing for want of it. . A traveller asked a dairyman how it came that his cows wo all so perfect as regarded milking qual ity. Tho owner replied : ' When I find a good cow I buy her. When a cow does not come up to my expectations I sell her. When I get a really good one I keep her.' If every dairyman in tho country would adopt that policy their bank ac.conuts would wax fat, and it would be but a few years before they would be denounced by their less fortunate fellows as capitalists and bloated monopolists. 