PREVENTION OF BUSH FIRES. It would not entail much trouble or expense if applied ait the proper season of the year, to inake; ample provision against the advance '.of bush fire. Around every homestead, around every reasonably sized grass' phddock and along al main roads, what iare termed ' fire-breaks" might easily and cheaply be prepared at each! summer's ap proaclh. The 'best,* cheapest' and quickest method of 'preparing'" fir&. breaks" is by burning. strips of grass fiont one to three chains in width (the wider the;better.. in, timbered country) along biuondimiy fences and main roads and around stacks and homesteads. "In the early days this work was reguilarly, attended to ini miafiny districts, par ticularly upon open plains. As sun mer approached neighboring. farmmers and their sons would meet? en ap pb iited inights suitable for bhurning strips, :and .forming themselves into gangs i;qotld.: prepare miles and miles of these, " breaks." From whiat iause we ciminot state, but the good old customl hias been foolishly abandoned, with the: result that the. numberý of files liave increased' and hundreds of our laidholders annually sustsaii heavy losses while hundreds of others were in, the imniinenit risk of being sufferers to min equal extent. If propeirty owners year after year obstinately continu :,,neglecting;' to geuari against tlmhi?lestruction of etli` wealt tlihat- niature: has providld for the benefit of the co.minunity generally, suicely s'tys thl a'nwci's' aetteu', it. is not too iiiiich to'ask thila the"Steat should: make;: the :proper protection of destructible.: property, comnpulsory.on the part of. the occupiers of the land. Ouir' contention, at 'all .events, is a patriotic.one, and.if carried into .efeet inono would benefit so largelyby.:its applicationo as tlhose against `who l the provisions of sucl, an Act;. of Pa'rlia nert might require to be enforced.. We Ihavi, legislation for the preventiboi and spreaid 'oiliseases in stock,-for thi compulsory destructidoi of thistlei and rabbits, legislatioin iegulnatin? the quality' ofv ti?e fopod..we. eat and.flie liquids we -drink, and mincreased powers are beiniO deinanded" bl~ledis" latioi for coping with the insect pests thatl attack the firFmers' crops, his fruit trees and. his vines.)If all these be necessary, anrid!experience hi?s ,?oved that they ,,re;' it is just as import ant that it bemade conipulsory on the part of landliolders to tike the. eessary -prcantii is ,'at the. proper. sen?.?on othhe year, fori the pmrotectmon froiffithe':. destiuctaion Ibybush-filre of vlpst meni Pompiillyhy~ thei'owin, but what l rem}ty linpt ereseni. tl a' certain exteit tlg" wel hi l f' the" country generally. It is no use saying that as it is to. the landholder's own inte rests to prevent bush fires, and that he ought to be able to look after hIini self without having.to be compelled to do so by legislation. Is it. not to the' interest of every landholder that lie should kill rabbits, cut thistles, pro tet" liis stock from disease, get rid ,,'of codlinti moth- nith and phvlloxera, aind other1inskect estsyet in lihosv manjy ilintaiine is lie found attenldi?: to'i i own inteiests iii any of these directions unless compelled by legishitiboi ? Bush fires :' are' : much of ,'a national disaster ias a visitation of aniy of the plagues mentioned, and being"so,:it should be, the 'duty of the, Stateuto inssist', : leisltation, thtat reasonrible means, some -wvl t: after the; manner deseribed, be ann uillyttaken ?by ;laid holders to prevent, as far as possible, the dimago caused by this -element.: Absolut.: preventionb ofcoursem,~is doit of ;ie question, but' therem is no :reason why the regularly recurring calamities resulting 'from bush-fires .should not lie miniimsed to the utri st possible extent, and this can only be 'acconip lished by legislation:. 