| ANOTHER fire in the hills. It ia invariably the case that in what may be oalled the bosh-fire season serious con flagrations occur in the hill districts imme diately surrounding Adelaide. The Glen Osmond neighbourhood was the soene of a .fire on Tuesday last, and on Thursday evening there was a second out break between Magill and Norton's Summit. At about half-past 4 o'elook in the afternoon it was observed that a bush-fire smoke was ascending from that portion of the hills on the northern side of the road from Magill to Norton's Summit. It was at first feared in town that the Auldana and Dr. Fenfold'e vineyards were in . danger, bat the actual soeno of tbe fire was in the gully above on the opposite side of the road, and almost abreast of the eix milepost on tbe Norton's Summit-toad. Tbe fire bad its origin in about the centre of a .section in the oooupstion of Mr. Dwyer on the top of the ridge runping between the old and the new Norton's Summit roads. But little headway was made by the fire at first owing to lightness of the wind, and tbe residents were leisurely beating the flames out, ana had in faot almost got them under, when the wind suddenly blew strongly from the east, and immediately rushed the fire ontof control. The grass, wbioh grew freely and luxuriantly during the winter and had been completely parched by the summer sun, had not been grazed down in all places, and consequently encouraged the lightning-like spread of the conflagration. In the gully running down to the road on the western side of the hill the flames were unaided by the wind, whilst on tbe connecting ridge the wind had full force, and swiftly drove the roaring flames on to the hills in the-direction of Magill. In the meantime, too, the fire had 'slowly worked its way over -the summit of. the hill'where it had its origin down towards what ie known as the old Norton's Summit road, which at this locality makes a curve eastward. Right ab the edge of the old road is situated the bouse of Mr. Dwyer. The move of the flames in this direction brought all of the fire fightera around to the spot to proteob the house and valuable garden. Their indomi table and courageous efforts were rewarded by seeing the foe beaten off for a time at any rate. From there the danger spread All the whole of the corner area was oharred. A cottage a little lower down the road, on the same side as Dwyer's, was next endangered so seriously that it required the utmost efforts on the part of all the available workers to stem back the torrent of advancing flame from this home. Here, too, the gallant de fence was successful. The whole tract from the bend in the road up to the baok of the seven-milepost was laid' wasted On the Magill side of the oorner ridge the flames spread to within less than a mira of Magill, making altogether a stretch of two miles of country along the road the eoene of blaok ruin. It was useless now to attempt the oheohing of the conflagra tion in thiB western locality, for the wind in creased in force, still maintaining its original direotion. A whitewashed building near the Allgemeiner Deutsoher Verein's rifle butts was for a time in imminent peril, but was not caught by the flames. As the grass became thinned the progress of the fire was slower, and the workers were able to make a final and successful effort to extinguish it. It was a'magni6oent spectacle, though a ead one, that greeted the eye of the traveller along the road at about half-past 10 o'olook, when the worst was over. The whole of the southern side of the hill was an expanse of dense blaok, dotted with glowing red stamps of trees and still burning bushes, whilst the furze bushes fringing the road were studded with twinkling pointB of flame. Now and then a gust of wind sent showers of sparks across the black .waste, and even into and across the roadway, thus jeopardizing the well-grassed hillsides. Up in the taller trees where there had been patches of dry bark the fanning breeze showed bow the voracious flames had got a hold even here. Meanwhile a lingering patoh of flame cIobb to the starting-point had spread down towards the new road on the northern aide of the ridge, where it swept bare the whole of the country, bounded on the north by the new road. Thus was completed the devastation of praottoally the whole of the country lying between the old and the new roads to Norton's Summit from close to Magill to as far as the seven snilepost on the former road, a tract of about 300 acres. At midnight there was still burning a small patch in the vicinity of the spot where the fire started, the flames being driven towards the already charred area, so that providing the wind did not change there was no dread of further fire on the northern side of the old road. There was still danger from the flying sparks as regards the country opposite to the burnt side. Up to the time our reporters left the flying sparks had only suooseded in igniting one tree on the untouched side, and as two men remained to watch this all night no danger was anticipated. The telegraph Une that runs along the road suffered only in one plaoe, one pole catching alight about halfway up and being burnt right through. The insulator fell elf soon after the poleoaught owing to the great heat. ' Fortunately there was no damage done to gardens or residences, but au immenBequantity 'of good feed and valuable timber and fenoing ,was destroyed. The property damaged com prised Dwyer's, of about 150 aoree; that of Uffendell, about 20; Emery's and Mit chell's, about 30 acres altogether; Jenning's, Miller's, and thatof the Allgemeiner Deutscher Verein, perhaps 30 acres; and others. On the other side of the road there is a large property belonging to Mr. Smith, and adjoining this lower down the land of Mr. W. S. Douglas, on whioh there is a cottage, at present oooupied by a lady with twenty-seven children of the Walkerville Orphans' Home, who are enjoying a holiday in the bills. Here everything was in readiness for flight, but no immediate danger waa anticipated. This locality is the part of the country between Magill and Norton's Summit which ia known as Third Creek. . ■ Esrly in the evening, when the fire had approached the laud near Magill, where large numbers Of cattle are grazed, some excite ment was oaused by the endeavours of the men .to save the stock, who were half maddened by 1 the glare and smoke, .After some trouble all the beasts weregot into a place of safety, and not a single head was lost. ,' From enquiries made the origin of the fire is la complete mystery to the residents. The place where, the mischief began was on the top of a ridge, where ewagmsn seldom pass, but it is possible tbat a lighted match may have been dropped. The time of the afternoon that itbe fire'" started the men think precludes the possibility of the sun's rays having ignited the grass' by means of a piece of broken glass, 'blobody was seen about the spot at the time of the outbreak. A visitor to the scene of the fire before lb had begun toapread with the aid of the wind had ariarrbw escape. With the intention of getting-up to.the b date re who were eneaeed on the heights above. the six-milepost he clambered.up the hillside through the high parched grass, and was within a -short distanoe of the ' spot he bad intended to reach when be observed that the flames, - whioh had been • swept oat of the range of the men engaged in beating, were rushing towardshim. He turned, and regard less of likely minor injuries, eorambled down the rather steep hill and into tbe roadway, and not too soon, for in less than two minutes the . hillside he had just traversed in breathless haste was all aflame. Teg Fibb in the Hills,—The bush fire in the Adelaide Hills broke out again- on Wed nesday morning at about 10 o'clock, a burning tree falling in the gully at the back of Olare monb, Glen Osmond, an estate belonging to Mr. Ondmore. Mr. M. R. Oudmore saw the occurrence, and was quickly on the spot with three men. If he had been five minutes leter tbe consequences would have been very serious, as the flames would have swept down to and beyond -Birkegate. Sir Thomas Elder's and Mr. Peter White's men were sent to give assistance, and during the night the fire was oarefully watched. 