LOCAL AND GENERAL, ITEMS. .Ambulance Inspection. — On Saturday after-? noon last an inspection of the Fourth Regiment Ambulance Detachment took place at Fort Scratohly, Newcastle, by Lieutenant Colonel Williams, W.D.C., Brigade Surgeon, of Sydney. the principal, medical officer. WeBt Mainland, Morpofch, and Newcastle were represented in the detachment, which was in charge of Sergeant Edmunds. Surgeon-CaptainEameswasalsopresent. The men were put through stretcher drill, and bandaging exercises, and were closely questioned ?with regard~to first aid to the wounded. The in spection lasted an hour and a half. Lieutenant Colonel Williams expressed himself as highly pleaded with the results of the inspection, and from the remarks passed by him it is probable that certificates for first aid will be issued to the men in due course. St. Mabt's Church.— At St. Mary's Church, West Maitland, special collections were made yesterday in connection with the week of self denial organised in connection with the Board of Missions. The amount paid into the offertory during the day amounted to £26 Oa 8d. During the service the Rev. Mr. Yarrington announced Miss Keid's acceptance of the position of deaconess. Presentation to a Constable. — On Friday evening a pleasant gathering took place in the skating 'n£ °f the Mechanics' Institute, Wallsend, when Constable Williams, who has been transferred to Scone, was presented with an illuminated address, and Mrs. Williams was the recipient of a handsome silver cruet, suitably inscribed. The Mayor of Plattsburg presented the address, bearing testimony to the many good qualities of Constable Williams. The addresB also spoke of the faithful manner he had carried out his duties during the more than three years he had been there. During a most trying time he had acted with tact and dis cretion, and at the same time without fear or favour. Constable Williams was then handed the cruet by Mr. II. Tildesley for Mrs. Williams, and other gentlemen also spoke. Constable Williams replied in a suitable speech to tne many nattering remarks made about him, and thanked them heartily for their kind wishes and handsome presents. 'A Pleasant Change. — After abcut a fortnight's stewing in a very close atmosphere, the discomfort being added to by a dense smoke which encom passed the country as a fog, we have been blessed with a good fall of rain. In our issue oi: Friday we recorded the first deliverance from the oppression in the Bhape of thunderstorms, and others followed during the day ; but it waB on Saturday evening and night that the greatest downpour came. The rain commenced soon after dark, and continued mth intermittent showers throughout the night, gradually getting- heavier. A few light sbowers fell during Sunday, but they did not add much to the general quantity. During this last storm the amount registered at the telegraph office was 117 points, which with the 13 of Saturday and the 55 of 1 Friday morning's readings make a total of 185 poiuts, or nearly two inches. This splendid rain will be of immense benefit to the country — putting out the bush-fireB, freshening up crops and pastures generally, and giving householders a supply of soft water that they will much appreciate. There was also a pleasant though rather severe change in the temperature from excessive heat to a very cool atmosphere, that was most refreshing. Australian Musical Association. — Miss Dora Hill. — Among the list of successful candidates who were examined for piano in tho senior division before a jury consisting of Messrs. Kowalski, Wie gand, H. Hyndes, Mesdames CharbonnetKeller mann, Summerhayes, and Simmons, we notice the name of Mies Dora Hill. In writing the report of the examinations the President, Madame Keller znan, says concerning this division, — ' The test in the piano (senior section) was extremely severe, the candidates having not only to perform in the great Centennial Hall before the jury and a lirge audience, but to prove themselves pianists by the rendering of a piece of skilful execution taken from the high concert repertoire, and by the severe test of playing a fugue of Bach or Mendelssohn in three or four parts.' We compliment Miss Hill upon her success, this being the second examination she has passed this year, the last being in harmony, when she obtained a Senior Honours' Certificate from Trinity College, London. Christmas Cheer.— The festive season is again upon ub, and how can our homes be made happier or more joyful at the merry Christmastime than by the judicious circling of the wine cup, for it is 'wine that maketh glad the heart of man.' You ? cannot do better than order your Christmas supplies at Bambach & Sons' Eelah Wine Depot, Hight-st., West Maitland, where you can get wine by the single bottle, dozen, or gallon, at very reasonable prices. Our wines are all fully matured, and they possess a delicious taste and bouquet. We invite intending purchasers to sample and judge for themselves. Our invalid wines are much used and recommended by the doctors. Customers will oblige by bringing their own jars if convenient Note address — A. Bahbach & Sons, Eelah Wine Depdt, High-at., West Maitland. 02146 Mhchanics' Institute, East Maitland. — A committee meeting took place last Saturday night. Mr. Joseph Cunningham in the chair. Other members present were— Messrs. Volckman, Wind ross, Patrick, Foster, Aird, and Fitz Patrick (secre tary). An apology was received from Mr. P. B. Jones. Correspondence : The following lettprs were read, viz. : — Colonial Secretary's office, Adelaide, declining to send Parliamentary papers out of their own colony ; similar letter from Western Australia, intimating the despatch to Mechanics' Institute, East Maitland, of copies of the Year Book, Blue Book for 1893, and Hart's Handbook ; clerk of Parliament, Sydney, forward ing bound copy of Legislative Council Journal ; A. -J. Cullum, applying for a reduction in the charge for hall for British and Foreign Bible Society meeting ; Darcy Doylo resigning as a mem ber; A. W. Jose, stating that a conference would take place eatly in December at the Univor aity, respecting University Extension Lp.cture Work, and asking for the East Maitland centre to nominate a representative. The following decisions were arrived at in regard to the foregoing communica tions:— Letters from Adelaide and Perth to be suitably acknowledged; the charge for the Bible Society Annual Meeting to be five shillings ; Mr. Jose to be informed that the Committee were not prepared to commit themselves to any particular action in the matter, but as the Secretary would be in Sydney at the time of the proposed confeience he would attend and note proceedings. The remaining letters to be acknowledged in the usual course. The following sub-committee -va3 formed to draft the annual report for 1894— Messrs. Chambers, Hope, and Fitz Patrick ; and a further subsom mittee was formed to revise the scale of charges, consisting of Messrs. Chambers, Cunningham, Foster, Hope, and Windross. This concluded the business, and the meeting thereupon rose. The Bishopric ov Riverina. —Yesterday special services were held in the various Anglican churches in connection with missions. In tba morning the Rev. E. A. Anderson, the Bishop-elect of Riverina, changed pulpits with Archdeacon Tyrrell of East Maitland; hut . in the evening Mr. Anderson conducted service in St. Paul's. At the close of his sermon in an impressive manner he referred to his acceptance of ?the Bishopric of Riverina, and of the anxions time the week of deliberation had been to him. He asked the prayers of the people of St. Paul's for him 6«lf that he might be strengthened in his work. He could not say, he said, when his consecration wnild take .place, bub it would probably not be till the beginning of the new year. He was pleased to think that be would be able to spend another Christmas with them. 