. / ' EPITOME' OF.NEWa.i ! An aged man sont, .to.gaol for. twelve months -by; -the Fitzroy -bodch! for : the " crime of poverty." Thomas Field, a railway guard, was killed at Juneo (N.S.W A on Saturday. Whilst bathing a man named Barber has been drowned in the Gunbower Creek. The death is announced of Mrs Ellen Folan , of Payneham , South Australia, at the age of 1 03 , a colonist of 50 years. Joseph Kilmartin was. knocked down by an engine at -' the North ; Adelaide railway crossing nhdiserio.uslyi'injured.i: i . ; The export pL-coalfrqraf Newcastle to ports beyond the . oolony, during r.-the past week was over -fifty. thousand tons; the .largest- output for. -many .months. ;m , THexjeath is, annonnced r.of:Mrs; J.- F. Sullivan,- widow of, the latecJames: «Eor-r resterfSnllivan, who;wasj mayo ofiBeri- digo in 1857, and Minister of: Mines in 1863\. .. - ' John Skinner, town.' clerk of; Mount Morgan, committed for, .trial .on' ,'a charge of embezzlement, Bail -. was refused :on the grounds that fresh defalcations might be discovered every day.- Percy; Hobbs Grubb and.- his. son, Hugh - Grubb,- aged -14j on Friday, mor ning landed from- a boat in Blackman's. Bay, took in 8cwt. of ballast, and left-for Hobart. A squall, capsized the; boat, and both were drowned.; , . , ; . , i Julius. Baker met jhis. death, nt the! Union mine, , Redcastle. . The .deceased with another miner had descended the shaft-, and shortly afterwards when being banted np , was overcome by . foul- air, j and fell a distance of about: 30ft.r, his skull being badly fractured and two ribs broken. .... - Mrs , Normoyle, who attempted to com mit' Siiicide, has been released on a surety, and will be removed 'to the Magdaline Home, at;Sandy;Bny. A petition is in coarse of : signature for the -remission of the Bentence of two ! years' imprisonment passed on Thomas Normoyle, who was convicted of the manslaughter of G. H. . Knight, at Hobart. , Mr . Patterson's chief object in : visit- ing tli'e colonies said , to be to hasten federation. Same people say. his real object is to be absent from , the - colony at the time the pressure for- an earlier opening of Parliament becomes too great to resist. . : f'MrW. Norton, .J.P., held a magisterial inquiry at Trentham, on the remains of a man which were found in a bush near Little Hampton. .It has ; now been proved that the remains are those of a German named Frnnk Stern, but better known in the district as " Cranky Al bert " who has been missing since No vember last. A somewhat sensational event took place at Bisset's grocery store, Eagle- hawk, road when a canister of powder which was in stock exploded, wrecked the shop to a great extent and serious ly damaged the residence attached to it. Richard Trevethan was in the shop to transact business, and noticed smoke issuing from behind the counter. There was no one minding the shop at the time. Miller's sweep case heard on Tuesday. Defendant Miller fined £10, with £1.0 10s costs, and all articles found on the premises ordered to be forfeited. Hill fined 20s. Word has been received from Kinara that a terrible bush'fire broke out in the mallec between Lake Tyrrell and Spring field. Great damage has been done haystacks, fonces, and farm houses destroyed. The waggons and gear of two teams camped alongside the road were burnt. The hnllock waggons loaded with wheat belonged to J. Howard and Samuel Barr, farmers were reduced to ashes. The drivers of the two teams cannot be found. . In South Australia the 'railway revenue from 1st Jnly to 28th February was £699,374, as against £665,760 for the corresponding term of the previous year. The Bishop of Melbourne, who is on his annual Gippsland tour, arrived in Sale on Saturday, and became the gnest of the Rev. Canon Watson, at the Yicar- age. On Sunday he preached in the morning from Psalm XXHr, 5, 6, a very eloqnent and thoughtful discourse. A confirmation service was held >n the afternoon, scarcely so many candidates as usual presenting themselves, but the occasion was :a very pleasing one, and the Bishop delivered a very forcible address, adjuring them to neglect no form of warship, public or private, and especially referred' to the blessings to be derived from a regular attendance at holy communion. At night the church was filled. It happened to be the day set apart in this portion of the diocese for the ( deliverance of addresses calcu- ated to further the cause of temperance. Di Goe emphasised the value of the Cnurch of England Temperance Society, which was doing so much good in Eng land and which ho would fain see doing a large work in these co'onies. On Monday night a tea meeting was held in the old Mechanics' Institute, Foster-street. Ad dresses were delivered by the Bishop and Yen Archdeacon Langley, and some musical selections rendered the evening a very pleasant one. A gruesome discovery was made on Fri lay evening by an employee of a dairyman at Purrumbete whilst driving cows from one of the paddocks. It was in the twilight, and noticing an object which struck him as having a' peculiar appearance he made a closer examination, and found it to be the remains of a human body. It is supposed to be that of a woman who was living at a navvies' camp in the vicinity some months ago with a man named. Gallagher, who is now being: sought for. In the Divorce Court, Sydney, Joseph Clarkson petitioned for a divorce from his wife, Rosalind Clarkson, on grounds of her adultery; with Geo. Black, M.L.A. There was no appearance of respondent or co-respondent. The parties: were married in October, 1885, and the alleged adulteries, commenced in Mel bourne in ,1891. His Honor granted a decree" M(«V returnable in three months, with costs- against - correspondent.. : Mr Black is the gentleman who. was men; tioned as ravelling with ) tho lady ; on a Yictorian free pass some time: since. ; . Petitions for clemency in the case of young Kriox, sentenced to,, ; death for murder at Willamstown. One ,o£ them signed; by three doctors who., examined the prisoner. He has been informed that the sentence of death will be carried out. on the 19th March. Rev, S. T. Withington, , president; of the, Wesleyan Conference, advocates a concession of, the claims: .of , the, .Roman Catholics as, a u solution ; of the .religions! instruction in State- schools -, problem. \ Accidents have been -very : prevalent! at Korrrimburra- jof late; .' On Friday: evening a man named Anderson, in pass-' ing; through the township;after dark, fell into a tank just sunk for, Kurrie's Hotel, sustaining serious injuries; Four, of the; man's ribs were fractured, besides ' which he was suffering from abrasions ahd.sh'pck'i' yOnp ;.of .' the' '.blas'ihg1 gang oh the Jambunua railway; KeUy'bjyhame, had his foot , severely jsiusned.! between the buffers of the trucks.. It is antici pated thiiL with due care no. serious re sults wi-'l -'.-follow.'- A n.an named'! John M'Leod fell from a bulR-ck waggon loaded with bricks. The wheels passed over boih 'arms, inflicting terrible in juries. He has been removed to Mel- boufhe tfbr:j;surgical treatment. Mr George Park,' a well-known Perth miner, has returned from Cool- gardie from the new rush he expresses an opinion that the field .will furnish the biggest alluvial Bud yet discovered iir the colony?" - The '-Board; of -Health : at-Adelaide have decided to order the unemployed ' who have formed d 'civnip on the Banks of the -Torrens to go off the park lands altogether, as the mep are living with- - out' the. slightest regard to health and decency. . ' . ' .' „ ; Iu sentencing a'; young man named .Ohisholm at)', the' ' Parramatta Quarter Sessions, judge Murray made, some strong comihents on-' the prevalence and, evil of race-coiirse .garabling in the colony. He said the insane idea of making money in this foolish . absurd way/of gambling, so prevalent in New- South Wales, and the men who made their- living at it, vva's the ; greatest curse the country could groan under, and it would be a good; thing if they could not be got . rid of by any other means for them to. be driven out by force. Such men -were better out of life than in it. They spent a lazy life b' trading on the weakness of those who first squandered all their own hard- earned money, and then embezzled the money of their employers. 