M1ISOELLANEOUS, Tlie Barrongarry Dairy Company paid suppliers 4id last month, DoN'T fail to purhaose one of FuTroN a ,Regtta Shirts,. Mta. F. O. SrnP?Ns, dentist, &o.;, wit be at " Bollovue " on let Septlember. I'v would have ben interesting to Reid A. G. Taylor's expression of coulntenanco be For-rn after Saturday's oloctio:. Tie total valno of milk supplied to the Mludgeoo butter faotory last month wnas £552 14s id. Ovwru 30 now dairy oompanies haveo booau roeistered in Now South \VWales aire the boginning of last year. ErouT.divorou calses soeat dewn for hear. ing in Sydney oourts. What does tits indloatou ? SINOE the sale of OCambowarra and lorool lands, settlement of peopla is stelidily taking the place of the bush, C. J. Pro'rd's Stationory is the best anid cheapest assortment on the South Ooast.o "WzVIe yen have leisure'," said a onller to thle editor, " I would like tro speak to to you," "' All right, coma aound after I lu dead," DutINoa the attack by Japaneoso on the Woi.wai- waoi forts the Armstrong guns were badly managed, andno serious dlmage0 was donoe, '. Ma, WVeoman prodiots :-- Showeory iand unsettled in tile south-sast, with strong looal squalls from betwool wost aRnd south. Patolabs rough soa soutlh from Kilama," s LI f rvNo 0OcNa the Ohinoso Viceroy, ihas Ieoon duprlvod of the dinity' of the Poncaok's Feathe.r and roduood tlhroe do gruosin ralnk, but he oontinus :illn cone mtllld of the Ollhinese foroos. A peaW woolks ago at Bathurat. a child nameod tlEvoy, aged 4, wnas frightonod by seeaing a oat ina fit, Sinoce the shook the ohild lhas boenmou spoohleloss, and medioal menon are unable to retoini it, WVhrlcN gulng down to Sydney early hast wook Mr. R, T, Thlorburn aooldontally goBt a oindoer from the looomotivo in his oyo. It onused himn orinsiderable pain befro he got it oxtraotod and had 'to' sook medical adviceo, : ' Mit, Jose.ru 0ooec's ontorlng tho now Ministry is objootod to as much by the "soldier.anbt'"mombur as was Captain Oook's arrival at Botany Bay by tho blaokfollows 'of thnoio days. Ignoranoo romains unohnngod in:all ages I . L. liEAlnt,, Wollogon g, will soliend on rooolpt of romittaneoo Early Rose Sood Pnotatoos, Os Od per owtl Brown'olls Boadties, 4s ad: VlWhite Roughs, 5s; Kid nieys, O: Eating potattoUs (good), 3s; Beat, 8s 9d owt; Flour, 1Os Gd saenok?. Tile cold woestorly winds still oontlnue and a consoqueneoo the milk supply iso viaibly affceted, One supplior to the Lobortson faeotry is 1000 gallons losse tlhan last month, aced emnalloerdairyncO n ic proportion. It a serious matter to thie dihtriot, T?n ."Daoily Ohrnniolo" commontls on the fresh diadlook thalt lhas arison botwoen the two Houses of thoe Unitod 'Statoes Congroees in rogard ts the now tariff. Tho papor says trhat the deolay in the eottloe.. mont of the imposts is oesting Amorica a qunrtor of a million a day., Tuas Parie. orrospnndont of theo "Standlard " estst;es that CO?arlo Santo HErlonymo., the iaiurdoror of Ltho late Proaidnld Sid rnoit d riwhor is awaitinrg oxooutlon, ie In a sIrvoas mad oxoltoe stato. He' awklos at inidnight hi Isa ooell and stares arould hlim'i a h etato of tho mosb habjoot tOerror. A Pro?eonson, in oxplainling to a class of yong ladiloe the thieory nooordin'g to whlioh tho body is ontiroly renowod ovory soven yeaonrs eslid: " ThA Miss B,, in seoven yoears you. will he no longer Mles 13\. . " I really hope I shan't," dolnsroly rpondod the girl, modoetly oasting td n hor oyos. Tns Promior was rnoololot for tho King Divislon oIn Saturdisy, dofoating Mr. A. G. Taylor by a majority of 011, Mr, ydoney Ssmith, Ministser for Mines and Agrloulturo, was re- oleoted for Bathoralt by I majority of 074 ovor Mr. Jnmoa nWalkor, antd Mr, J, H. Young, Minister for Works has boon ro.oluotod unopposed for tho Muannieng, ON Thursday week last Mrs. John Vallis, of Buirrengarry, died from the effects of bursting a blood vessel. She had resided in Berry for many years where she reared a large family. Mrs. Vallis was 64 years of age. -A s.fAhL boy, wrho died of apoplexy at a schoJI piclnio, was inquostod in London rocently. Causa of death : Thirty oranges, olla oeoma-nut, lib riih coak, and a minca pi.', aucolmpaoied by tea oider, io Inral wa.er CIiOP hamIlpIano," and '' hop botul." Death from suffooation. Tune cow that boat i!l previous raonrds in bhitter-nmlaing at the London Dairy Slho:v was a RO's0 broci, Shorthorn, des. condod fronu a cross-bred sire and oross. bred daml. Tlhis cow gavo 154.1b. of milk in two days, ornntining 14 par cent. of total solids. The milk for the two dt'ys made a fraction rarl 7jlb. of butter. Folt tIhe month of July th Kanrtauroo River I)air'y O)lmpan)ly rocived 1I5,781bbs of chilled milk, for whlich suplpliurs wore paid 4.Fd poer gallon, or 10 4-.01 for butter fat. Thu test rangoed from 3'50 to 4'25, an avoragu of 3.70 hfr thu last four imonthla. This factory has adopted the systaun of payn)'msunt by results, which gives general satisfacotionl. IT is rumonrod a movement is on foot to ask the shipplers of the Begs uloctorato to ca-opsratir witlll Townmba and surroulnd ing distriots in asking thu I, S. N, 00o. tm provide ooling olihambrs for the transit of butter and other produoo to the meutropolis, thus enabling tlhe farmers of thatb distlriot to compste successfully with oliher dairying eontros. AN outrago lby Ohiaosn fanatios is ro portad from Slhanlung, a town on thie SI Kiisig Rivor some miles from Oanton, Ths Ohiamnona burned thl Roman Catholio and Prosbyterian ohurohoes, lld stoied ard beat al Amlaorilan lady mission rsy. News was o'liveyed to Canltnll of the outrago arnd a British gunboat res oued the missionaries alrd otihurs fromr their assailants, DIAFNii5. PIiItMANNIeNT.LY (URItI).-A OuGentleman who oured himself of Deafnoese lsd Noises ill the I-ead, of many yonrs stalnding,. by anow method, will bu pleasOd wo send full particulars, with onpione of test timonials, &.o,, for two stamnps. Th ncest s?icoossful troeatmeont ever introduoud, Address, HlmseER OLIrroNr, 5i1, Upper Kennington Lyne, London. S. E.-- Ani,. AT' a roaoent race mooting in tie North of England, the peolils who wore leoaving the moor, after vitnessing tlh great race, were overtaken by a smart shaower; . Oiu man, as he j'urneyed quiolly thlrough the rain, notisod a friolld conly standilg still in tho mniddle of the moor. .When Iasked why he dld not hurry on to obtain shelter, hIo roplieo, " Aa's only gottitg tho rain that falls here, but you'r getting whaat you're rutting into as weaool I " Esca~IN S. SItTir, toller ab thbe branoh of the English, ,oottih, and Aus. Itrlian Bank at Grafton, was arrested on Monday morning, and ohlrgeod at ithe Polico Court with stealing £029, the pro piarty of tihe bank. lo was romanded for eighlt days, hail bing refused, It is stated that Smith foruot to look up his cash on leoaving the bisnk at noon on Sa turdaly, Oin Sunday hie rocolletod ihalving left out the ashi draw, arnd at ooeo went" to the batk--to find tble cnsh missintg. Maes. WV, HaraioN, of Jaspoar's Bruslh, a ladyreopooteb d thro'ughlut thlo die?trict, did i~t theinsttor end of last wooek. Do colnsedliad' boosin a sufferer from. anooar, which wmis' thie primary caiuso of death, Mrs Hamiltoi was first to take it'?ind now three of thb younger m iembers of the family nro nattackod. At tle prosonit momient they aroe :boraing bt euffmring whliiuh is inseparably assoo?iatoed with thitl maligoantsfliotioni, though:ii is oxtrnioly ras'ti ~o hitir of young peoplo suffering from DjAn ess oea.r,. aso . Any IJF,~s ANq.q ~O0,?PLg'TFY , OORF.U·I • Any porson sufforinig from Deafnesse, Noiose inl the r-oadu &c.;, may learn of,a now, simple treatmnot,' wnhioh is proving.vaory succsse ful in complosely ouring caose of all lkinds. Full?rhrbioulaes, icluding iiaiiy unesollity. ?o testivnoaiils ind inespapnr prenss m o, tioos, rvill bhe saent post fo on alppileatin, 'oli. systeom is; witbhout doubt, itoe , ostan uiaesseful over brdugtt bofore the publi,. Addiess Aural Speoialisb, Albany Buildt inos, 30,? Vitbria Sthrooet, Westmiastor, London,. S.W.,-AV., Tesia last fem wooak hlavebooen btei worst sxthitionosd by busineeis posplie goneorlly simoo Nowra was a town, Thsro seems to ie very little buitlnoss and no money, Of course tbiter are a few whit appear tb dlo ioltoi bueinois, .hub biu imiajoerity sum I~n o g reatdeal. . Alnmot darly ,the, oan~ is isited 1yt tihavellors of some eart, mhsso buenuen hardly nappagrs Stq it, worthsBoxponsoes., ,'Pioro are very ,few bravolling,p iiid the' onabhos g' and rotirn frombtheo train alina ostntlty. '?th i "out-; looek is' indoed veryglooomy:.-Loader. A 'tnmeanat iippeareu1d lin the S. M; IIeald.iab?woolk stating that Mnrs. O, Peak,y wifo of Mr..O. Peeook, lublio sohool teacher at Godford? . ied from influenze, :t 1was, thought byimany that tlitlady' itii quoation was identiocal witllhMrs 'Peoak, the noted equostrianne,: who visited the Onast showsa during the aInst two yearn,. Such is not the oraes, andl no relationshtip exists betweeoon thom. Mia, Pook,l known in this distrieot, is a daughter of Mr. Hitihoook, of Budtong, anid Is quite n young lady, whilo the poreron whose death is roorded is tea lady ;nearly 40 yeare of ego. o oONSUMans o WAx Vx. rA' mait bo careful to senethat they got Bryant mid aMy's only,'whilh are the very boet In quality and twenty per coeit. inorn in quantity than the foreign.made wax vor tae,. Bryant nid May's Plaid Wax Vos. tees are mindo only in London, and have 'bnon awarded 10 I'Prizo Mudtals for oxcel. lonn of quality. Every box of Bryant, ann May'As W\x Voete, boars thetir naios on ,e white ribbon, iesido tile well.kntown rod, blnok uand blue elar trado mlark. Akl for Bryant and May'a Wax Voeetas, andt do not beo dooolvod by the inferior nrtioleo, -Aov. - Tutu wat?r wheeool, whlich hes for oroun monthb past boon ill the oouree of oroction at the WVnttitmoola fotory, is nllow ooln plate nid a great asueccs. The whUol, nIJ doubt, will be the meane of saving great oxponOse to tho faotory in the way of pro curing irowood whioch Ils bouln in tlhe p?st such nin oxponeivo item. We adviao ill direcotors of faitooriens to takelo up thlis nmattl;or and Iavo water whoole orected where t i a poessible. It will sanviI aill the aexpone of kooping the etogino anti boilor in ropailr as well o seolprato the milk batter tiha it loan possibly be done by ntoeam .--S'rtctinuer, HorLowuAY' Pi3ILs & OINTMIENT. -.T'iav. el.ors to and froth dialant'climcs.wibild i1I owell to bear in mind that. theas chaIIngea and the altered diet and surroundings .f their lites entail manifold riasks to, heIhh. Ocrasions aro sure to Iarise in which thIly will hcod a reienodyauch as thlse irenwlell Pil's anl Oinlmeit, and no triivoIcr by lacIi or .o~ ahiuild oeCCe fail to hvia I sun 'ly al t laid LThan hl e m1iy tru!y be ailld htve lia plhyics I always aIt hii rail for I1,a1 valri'iou in4lrenloieos of Itravel. Ohilla andl fervlera ~lhould ba pillromtly treat. ed, alld the l'rinted dirieetiils alould h, craroelly aldield tat the o'IiiulmencOrioient of any illess,., fir Hollwaty a r~umediec cail be sfely uied iii all clilnats - \tn. CIOITalNI.Y the l)est m10 liCial klliivwI ic SANiisii ANi So(.v' EUcAovi'r lExirtavir. That it o:liillelltly I owerful olrcts il congzhs, 'o.lds, ifill'enza: it,, r,,lief is in. arll Ltaie ilic. II ceri an i cUIs,II itnild Iteci. deiite if Iall hi l,, lid thely wiiunlliil, hiiirn, slcaldililrs, Jliiae, slilr,lii, it i i lhe cafest i --nio swellinl--io inillmIunllhmtion, LT '1I rit uell tetuuti pr.iluiced in oroulp iilil li?iah, biIuihilisi, intllillinaioln of lthe hliia, swolliiig, &c.; i diarrhliwa, lysentoer'y, diesoe of tho kidlneoy aiild uriiiIry irgaiii. In use at hlopitala aid me'lioclelinics all over the gllbo; I lpair.n isod. by lIie Majusly the King of Italy; crowned with micdal and diplolan at lnrl.l national ixlhibition, Amstordail.. Trctt on thlls alpplroved nrtiolo, 'aliid'rojoect nall others.-ADv Mtil TOtiN RItlsseVLr, tho butter grader, hasR the followihcg toi say in regard tq statenuete tn: mdu at Borry las weeook c?n. corniing hlis grtadling of 'bitter :-'lha agenits telover at. alny timneo spoke to ou n Ilo suhjict, nor oedeawnvured to intluenou uso in any way, and further, I never atlltr myseulr to be wrongly advised by agents or anyone else.. It was no affair of mioe what price theya,paid to the factories. Myly husioness wans to grade all surplus butter packed for export into three Clases, whicb was a very ditfi:lIt mautter coulnsidering the numerous varioties of butter mot sailh, I cnoted in aocordano with tlhe instruc. tios givoen to me, and adopted a ysteum of grading that was likely tc give Roath. faiction to both producers and eullere. I cn consiolentiously say that I haveo on. doeavoured to do juestice to all conucerned, Iv oitoneetion withl theo approaching eesonu'e export arrangeloents (snays thie Candldeo auE Eden U1oln) it has boone dooeemed advisable to re.arrange the mat. tor of district representation in ollnnectioi vwih the Dairy Farmers' El port Aesocia. tioe, in order that the whole of. the Ipro. ducers of the colony mnight by this moans be brought into active sympathy and on. operation. WVith a view of assiBsting in the direction now indicated, it is proposed to increase the number of country ropro. sentiativoes to sevnouton nmenmbrs, appor. tionod as follows :-Boga 1, Miltor.n and loruya 1, Illawarra (soutlh side of Shoal. haven Rivor) 1, Cambowarra 1, Berry and (ierlingong i, KIiann 1, Illawarra, (froel Albion Piark to Sydney) 1, Kangaroo River to Brogor's rooek 1, Borriumn dis·. triot 2, NMudg?u 1, TLa;tke Georgo 1, Craok. well 1, laronce antd MaInning dietriots (including MaoeLony) 1, Richmond Rivor I,i Oamdond 1, Newons'le h. SevertA bush:firs broku out through, out the Borry dietriet on. Sceturday, ove, inn and c'ius?od mu'ch anxiety. One Gs ocourrolda'inibe north of the town n M,, R.; V, Boyd's proporty, and it soon had a great hold of troes and grass, A strong wind wan blowing at the time, anld thI fire spri;cled with gi'ont rapidity fionn ree to troee, covoring 40., or 50a. of land. In order to' save the ndjohcing housen, a numnber of nei set to work felling trees, ind boeating back the fire. The worlk was 'onntinued all night, and by noon on Sun. day thum.mon ihad the fire ,woll under, Early on Sunday morning the reoidoncn of Mr, G. IL Gray cmught iro threoo times thioughi the sparks frbm? the burnilig, troees, but the outbreaks woro observed! boefore any damaco wais done, and ,xtis. gueshod, No groeat harm has boon dolei to the pastures, as the foeed wans dry andl cattle would not oeat it. Rain is badly wainted, as the 'tanks aro completely emnpty, and the land is very dry. .IN a ittlo elump of busehoes not a dlei distan. from the N1owra Pst Offieoo thl passor.by mightf ormighlb nqt notion saome biotighe of treson tied togothbr and aomo leavesO or branohos strown over them in the slapa 'of a roof. If the trasiger slhould bu fortunate enough to diocovor theo entrance to this crudoly made strio. turoho will see a quantity of leaves scattered bout thlo ground, and further inqlirloe will eliot the fact that it ie a bul, Yed, a bed, upon which, during theme lecik wlntor nights, ia mnan, lhi wife and threeo olildren, who have never shared in thebigond things of this world, find rest and proteootion from the stormy windo without. They are marching on in thie hopo tlhat the imprisoned sunsehlno of prosperity will nuon dawn upon their un. h cppy comtitry, and Ieislg weary and worn tley have laid their heads to rest on the 1baves and omnid tile solitude of the pitl. loesblish', : A''ivoman and throo chlidron Itrapihg and out in the 'cold I Surely' fdrtunoe'annot fanour the bravo I-- Shlea havan Telegrajlh. SrmvimioNG of a ,e"ninioctijnl a1 In ydpeloy the othor day ho'Preinicq; said -ow I will toll 'you' tlh'o'noxt' urgent matter whloh line at the root of all our reforms and it: is this. 'in this' country are 810,000 square miles,. Thoro are only 2500 squrro miles under municipal government. li thsteao 2500 equaro miles of muioilpal areon the people have to put their hIands into their pooklets to provlde the groeator portiosn of theolr load works whlilst tover the rest if the area of the oolony the poople havre to put tlheir haind into the public Treasury, and pay iuthihg to the oat of tlheir works.("HIoear, hoar.") I want you geontlemen just to look at ties' extont to whlich the pieoplo iti the 2500' square milos put their Ihands ill tlheIr pookets for their ownv local works, Ini his 2500 squaro milte of mnnlollal arero n tihe oity, suburbs, land ooutry, no less tlhan £507,000 a year in raised bIy ratoes, With this and witlh ndowmoente, and other,, revenlue, thie people of this 25100 pass through a sum of £867,000 a year In their own local wonts. Now, tlhe ratable vaise oftlhat 2500 quatero milun is £107,000 000 in Sydney ciid suburbs and l37,000,000 in the hlcotrtghs and Munl' o cpal diatriots; and there is in tile un. icioorpomated districte ratable property e.stinitod a" £150,003,000. I say thata Troenuror whlo wantet to recisnt the fitiancial sytocn of this oticntlry onl solid ind onduring foulndations miust ibogie by pltting all the peooplo of the country oi th a anmo munlolpal lovel." 