The sweet orange was introduced"" into Europe in ls$p-pm Southern China by the Portuguese. . - Thé 42 li vé sheep shipped to London by the" Part Pirie'^om Sydney realised on thjjv^eagg/S^ch. Rain is badly needed by the farmers, after^he fry and windy ¿weather of the past teé Weeks. Bush-fires have been raging all round, and these would be ex tinguished byaj^heavysh^wers. America supplies England yearly with ¿5,000,000 worth of cattle, ¿"4,000,000 beef ; ¿"8,000,000 bacon and hams ; ¿"200, 000 butter and cheese, besides other pro duce. The young Khedive of Egypt has a large model farm, on which he has estab lished a model village, with schools, clubs, and mosque, and a fire-engine of modern manufacture. Mr John Lindsay, one of the leading Illawarra dairymen who died recently,was the'owner and breeder of the world's champion butter cow ; record, 29$ lb but ter for a week. The success of Denmark in butter mak" iog is almost wholly dependent upon the education of every member ot the farmer's family in the most advanced lines of but termarking science._ Owners and occupiers of vineyards ar« reminded that they must, on or before the ist day of December, 1894, deliver or forward by registered letter to the Chair man of the Board» Granville, a return in accordance with schedule 3 of the Act. Mr Hughes, Labor M J?, wishes the Department of Agriculture to continue supplying fruitgrowers with ammunition at half-price.to kill flying-foxes and other pests. In this district, and particularly down the river, the foxes are playing great havoc with the fruit orops. 5000 tons of potatoes rotting this seas on in the Orange district-«0 the " Lead er" says. Three tons^were oftered for ¿ 1 the other day and no "buyers. They were not the best of Brownell's or Circular Heads« but they ought to have been worth 6/8 a ton to feed hogs oh.-«' Leader." Thus Friday's * Hwrald" :-« The first apricots of the season were forward this Thursday morning from Gosford.consign to ed Messrs Musgrove and Son. They were of a good size and quality. The consignment realised at the rate of about 50s per gin case. Mr J Ezzy, of Grose Vale, had apricots in the market on the same day, the 7th. Thus the " Orange Leader" advocating the establishment of a Farmers' Union «Of course a Union» if formed, might collapse; farmers are an apathetic lot 1 know, but what if it does fail ? It won't kill anybody, And it might succeed you know. Anyhow it can't be a success if it isn't started. Who will make a start ?" We say. ditto with respect to the pro jected Farmers' Co-operative Selling As sociation- it can't succeed if a start is not made. Thus the "Cumberland Argus": " The other day an orchardist consigned some fruit to an agent in Sydney and fol lowed it down to the market. He saw it sold for 6/3 per case ; but when the ac count sales came along, the fruit was re turned at only 3/6 per case, off which the I usual commission and charges were de- j ducted. These sort of agents are not numerous, we admit ; but this kind of rob- j bery will always obtain while fruit is not sold openly by auction." Most farmers are not business men, and a man cannot make a success in an oc cupation unless he adopts business methods and keeps abreast of the times. Möst farmers will plod along year in, year out, on the some old lines, expecting their farms to produce the same as they did ten years ago, and without stopping to ask whether those crops have not taken from the soil ingredients that are not con taied in the manure they have applied. They grumble at the prices they receive for their crops, but it never occurs to them to change. They never keep ac counts, and so have no idea whether they have made or Jost. Under these circum stances it is pretty ssffe to conclude that they have lost, and they will continue to lose until the sheriff takes possession And ¿be lpss will not stop there. Unsuc cessful farmers are careless. The tumble down fence», the dilapidated gates, the tangle of weeds and bushes.the unpainted, ruijhed out-house will tell heavily against them at the sale, and increase by tenfold the! amount it would have cost to keep theta in repair. 1 ? 