Queensland Stock Movements and State of the Country. (Queenslander, Jan. 6.) Encouraging reports are to hand from various parts of the country this week. In the south-east thunderstorms have given a useful amount of moisture, although they have been very patchy, while the dryness of the north districts have been tempered by beneficial rains. In the far west, too, about Tambo and Blftckall, there are indications of an early break in the weather,' and hopes are entertained that we are to have another good season this year. During Monday the weather continued oppres sively hot in Brisbane, and the air was thick with the smoke of bush fireB burning in all directions. Shortly after 7 o'clock in the evening a thunder storm came up from the southward, giving a shower of rain that cooled the atmosphere and laid the dust, though ifc was but of a few minutes' duration. Our Logan correspondent speaks of the intense dryness of tho country in his district, and unhappily the bush fire3 there have been the cause of serious destruction of property. From the Darling Downs also we learn that rain is urgently needed, and that the bush fires are burning up a large area of grass, while the smoke and heat thus caused are intensi fying the natural dryness. Rain has fallen within the last week or so both in New tfouth Wales and Victoria, and it seems likely that Mr. Wragge's recent forecast of thunderstorms in South- eastern Queensland will receive fulfilment at an early date. Cairns, January 1.— There was a heavy thunder storm yesterday, and l-28in. of rain fell. The weather is now cooler. January 1 : The weather is fine and sultry. ' % Ingham, January 3.— Seven inches of rain have fallen here during the last two days, and more is threatening. Townsvilie, January 2. — Most welcome rain fell last night, the official gauge registering r80in. Oak Park (via Pentland), January 1.— Fine rains have fallen over the whole of the district during the past month, 4in. being registered here. Heavy rains fell on the Einasleigh, at Lyndhurst, and Carpentaria Downs. The rains have fallen right along the Georgetown-Pentland road. The Clark, the Broken River, and tbe Cape River are all running, but are crossable. The rainfall though in suowerB nas Deen very geucitti, mu ™» una~ «.— inch falling at any place, while as much as 5in. and 6in. fell in isolated Bpots, running creeks and gullies to bankers, and filling up the holes in the rivers, running them here and there for a few miles. There has been comparatively no loss of stock in this district, and there is now abundance of green grass everywhere, with every indication that an early wet season has already commenced. Maryborough, January 1.— 1100 mixed cattle j passed on the 28ch December from Plain Creek for Gracemere. An inch and a-half of rain fell here on the 21st December, and the grass is looking well. The thermometer registered 101 degrees in the shade on the 27th. ^ocEHAMrTON, December 28.— Yesterday was the hottest day ever experienced in Rockhampton, the thermometer at the telegraph office registering 106.0deg. in the shade. To-day is again very hot and close.— January 3 : The weather yesterday was dull and showery. A heavy downfall took place about noon, followed by steady rain in the after noon and evening. Bundabeeg, December 31. — Light showers fell at the Isis to-day, and at the North Isis the rain was fairly heavy. The roads are consequently boggy, and there are pools of water over the. horses' fetlocks. The weather is excessively hot and dry. There are bush-fires everywhere, causing several obstructions on the Mary borough-road. A large culvert one mile south of the Elliott River, on the main Maryborough road, was destroyed by a bush-fire to-day. In the Isis Scrub the weather is very hot, the thermometer registaring over lOOdeg. in the shade and 145deg. in the sun. — January 1 : Rain is des perately needed here, as the country is parched and, the water tanks are empty. There is Eomo appearance of a storm thiB evening. — January 2 : Rain has been falling steadily since this morning, with every appearance of continuing. — January 3 ?. General wins have fallen at Childers, and there was a light downfall here yesterday. The weather is now fine, and more rain is much wanted. Windorah, January 2. — A mob of store cattle and also a mob of bulls have passed here. Adavalb, January 2. — Isolated thundershowers, giving a rainfall from 0.50in, to lin.. fell around here last week. Charlevillb, January 2. — The weather is warm. The clouds are now gathering up with some appear ance of a storm. Stanthobpe, January 3. — A thunderstorm occurred last night, with if44 of rain. The down pour was very welcome, as the fruit crop and gar dens were suffering severely from the dry weather. The prospects of the show are now much improved. Goondiwindi, December 30. — The weather is still hot, though a couple of cool daya intervened on the 23th and 29th as the result of a strong Wallumbilla, December. 30. — The weather during the past month has been dry and excessively hot; the rainfall has been only about ljin., and has fallen in such small quantities that it has done ?but little good, the heaviest fall during the month being 60 points oa the 15th. The past week has fully borne out Mr. Wragge's forecast of 22nd instant, ' Dust storms and dry thunderstorms,' Thursday last being an extremely unpleasant day. Although the sun heat has been very great, the nights have been very cool, the difference in tem perature between midday and midnight being from 50deg. to GOdeg. ' Nanango, January 2.— Eighty-five Hereford and Devon bullocks are passing for Roekhampton, via Gayndah, for Bale, T. Hill, Richmond, ownen. Dalbt, January 1. — The weather is very hot, but a storm without rain passed over the town this evening and cooled the air. Beenleioh, January 2. — A thunderstorm swept over the township last night, but again we were doomed to disappointment, for only a single point of rain was registered. ToowooaiBA, January 2. — A thunderstorm broke over the town last night, with little rain. At Greenmount, Cambooya, and Clifton the storm was much heavier, and from Jin. to 'Jin. of rain fell. Rain is much needed, as the crops in many plaeeB are almost perishing for want of it. A man who carries a costly umbrella has taken an odd precaution to prevent its being stolen. He has the handle made so that it can be tak(jn off, and whenever he has occasion to leave the um brella in a public place he unhitches the handle and puts it in his pocket. Of course nobody would care to appropriate an umbrella without a handle. A table, constructed of various historic woods, was exhibited in the woman's building at the World's Fair, by the women of Dauphin county, Pa. The centre piece is of olive wood, claimed to be from the Mount of Olives. A bedstead made of silver is said to have been occupied by the German Emperor during his visit to the Sultan. It had Oriental curtains of surpass ing richness, heavily embroidered with gold. 