SIFTINGS. \un. R. ATenwsoo Pecer, the member for Gloucester, unless hlie has deteriorated from forrnfor excellence, can make twice as much noise in a given time as any nuctioneer in Goulburn, bar none. Perhaps nat'ue cut him out for a superlative, double-lunged, per petual-motion disposer of assorted lots: but Glou cester, being fascinatedby his tornado gift of speech, chiselled nature out of hier intention and made him an -.P. Thnsare the purposes of the cosmos set at naughlt. Mr. Price the othernight nearly succeeded, however, in carrying a vote on a motion directing the Government, without humming or hawing, to cut down the excise duty on tonbacco and cigars manu tacturcd tronm colonial leaf to Gd per lb. Whty he should have restricted his motion to excise duties only, instead of taking the bull by the horns and advocating a general reduction of the whole of the duties, :ustoms and excise, is possibly explained by the fact that as far as he is anything intelligible he is a protectionist. Tobacco could easily stand being let down a little. When Plugson, the maintenance man, buys a fig of tobacco he pays more on that one little purchase -towards the expenses of State than the Australion Agricultural Company pays on the whole of its estimated £6,000,000 property. Plugson, being mostly a fool, smoklies his pipe and doesn't kneow he is being fleeced; but Messrs. of the A. A. Company ill spend thousands to stave off a tax on land values. As we showed the otlher day, high duties on spirits have led to wholesale illicit distillation and to a startling amount of poisonous adulteration. The high duties on tobalcco are having the result of maling ihundreds of men their own mamffacturers; and a suspicious sort of sooty, vile-smelling, bush fire tindof compound many of themturn out. Othler lplugs, bonught in the general way, occasionally reveal an abundance of stalk withl a stray chunk of wood and much superfluous grit. We once disem gaged from the internal layers of a fig of light tobaacohalf-a-yard, more or less, of unmistalable onlmmu. With low duties the best tobaccos would gradually capnture the market, and Plugson, although only a maintenance man, would enjoy, for about eighteen pensea month, a smxko fit for the gods orhis Rosyal Highness of Wales. And why, essieurm Freetraders, shouldn't he ? 