Castle Hill. The Fire at Swannell's. Tbe Inquest. VERDICT: ARSON. On Saturday afternoon, Mr. J. E. Bowden, Distriot Coroner, held an inquest at Castle Hill into the origin of a~ fire that was discovered on Thursday inan unoccupied brick cottage.the property' of Mr. T. C. Swannell, Crown lanclB'- ranger, residing at Windsor. Constable Brooks stated that he re-' ceived information about the fire froma' swagman named John Wells, about 1 ' 4.30 a.m. on the 20th inst. Wells aai(£ that he went on to the verandah of the' house to escape a shower of rain; Another swagman was on the verandah at the time. The last mentioned man leaned up against the door, which flew open; end a volume of flame shotup, in the ceilings of tbe two front room* of the house. They got some water,, and extinguished the flames. An examination of the premiees showed that' the ceiling !h every room had been out into holes, and fire placed over the holes; and that the fire had fallen on some bags, which had been previously^ dipped in kerosene and placed on the - floor beneath, evidently with tbe hope that the burning ceiling would fall-: down and ignite the premises throughout. ThomaB 0. Swannell, the owner of the premises, deposed that the house was built some years ago, and cost; £270. It was insured in the Australian Mutual Fire Assurance Company for £200. The premises were occupied 1 by aman named AllenuntilSeptemberlO. On Tuesday, the 18th inst., (two days - before the fire) witness Baw Allen at the residence of the letter's father-inlaw, Mr. Cusbert. A discussion took place. Allen, when asked for the amount of the rent in arrears, said lie - had not the money, and did not intend to pay. Witness stated he had intended to knock some money off, but since- Allen had chosen to speak that way, he would not now do so. Allen stated he had been into town to see a solicitor, taking with him letters he had received from Mrs. Swannell, having referenoe • to the tenancy. Witness said he would take steps to make Alleu pay, up to the la6t half-penny. On the Sunday witneBB saw horses, belonging to Petersen and Worrall, on the premises. Sent notices to the persons named, stating that if their animals trespassed further, proceedings would be taken. Knew of nothing in the way of ill-feeling other than what he had stated already in his evidence. Was at the premises on the 18th inst. There were then a safe, a canvas stool, and one or two other items of furniture in the place. Nailed up the windows to protect theglass. Witness gave Allen notice toquit three or four times, before thelatter finally gave up possession of the place. An amount of £9 was owing, from Allen, for rent. The properly was mortgaged ; but witness was not ifr pecuniary difficulties. Jas. Holland, who resided some short distance from the cottage, deposed that early on the morning of the 20th he' heard dogs bark ; and, getting up, saw a light in the direction in which lay Swannell's house. Thought the light was from a bush-fire or, perhaps, from a house on fire in the direction of. Sydney.. Did not think it was at Swannell's house ; or he would have gone to make sure. E. J. Allen, formerly tenant of the premises, deposed that he left the house on the 10th inst. Mrs. Swannell' wrote to witness several times about the tenancy, — before witness left. One time, she wrotestatingthat witness wouldhave to make arrangements to leave, . as a man named Warwick was going to take the place. Then, later, she wrote, saying for witness not to go, till he hetud further about Warwick's coming. After that, ehe called (Mr. Swannell was with her); and Bhe told witness then tbat Bhe had posted a notice to quit, to him — (whioh, however, he had not received). On the night (or morning) of the fire witness was in bed at his father-inlaw's place—Mr. Cusbert's. Did not know how the fire originated. Wrote to Warwick aeking for time, till the- 12th inst., to get out of tbe place; but left really on the 10th, the time given to him, in the notice to quit. Gave tip possession to Warwick. Had nearly all his household goods on the cart when Warwick came up,—on the 10th. inst. Warwick said that witness must not take the goods away; and witness - invited Warwiok then to take them off r the cart. Warwick did not do so. The same night witness went back to get some things he had left outside the - house. The things were not outside - the house then, and witness did not try - to get inside. Later on, went to get a box; but found that it had evidently been broken up, and used wherewith to - board up the windows. About 3 or 4 •: o'clock on Wednesday v?as on the road, on horseback, on his way to his uncle Mailer's funeral. One of his reins broke, and he pulled the hone over towards Swannell's fence, till he tied the rein up. Did not go upon the premises. Witness used to work for Swannell; and when the latter told him that £9 waB owing in rent he - (Allen) did not reply,—as lie had not made it up in his book. Paid no rent during the time that he occupied the - The jury returned as the verdict, That the houBe was wilfully and maliciously set on fire on the morning of the 20th September; but the evidence adduced does not enable us- to tell by whom." Some new works at Messrs. Goodlet and Smith's, Merrylands, are to be opened shortly. . Several new houses are going up in Granville now. A poorly attended lecture on the Queensland Fluods was given by a travelling lectnierin the Albert Hall, Granville, on Wednesday. Mr. G. Parkin, jour., read a paper on eleo- - tricity at Wednesday's meeting of the New.- Cambriao Order of Scientists, at Granville. 