Local and General News. «. Insolvency of O. O. Dangar. — Following the decision of Acting Judge Harris in the district court last week, in the action Koeing v. Dangar and Campbell, O. O. Dangar has filed X-» J nl A » m M IF 111 n fr/i t? ' ' I ' 11 0 iilo CLUCUUiu 111 UcblillL U |Jtvj J- examination will probably be held in Kempsey. Our Sydney correspondent advises that Mr Augustus Morris has been appointed official assignee. " Send Off " to Mr. Sydney Verge. — A public " send off " to Mr. Syduey Verge, whose feet are set toward WesLralia, was given at Gladstone last night, too late, however, for a report of the proceedings to appear in this week's Argus. " Fire at Frederick ion.— On Wed nesday night last a fire broke out on Mr. T. J. Bowe's farm opposite Fred erickton, which completely destroyed a large barn thereon. Fortunately, with the exception of some imple ments, there was very little stored in the structure. The loss to Mr. Bowe is, however, a severe one. The barn was insured in the Mercantile Mutual Fire Office for £200. It is not unlikely that an inquest will lie held. The Weather. — Hot and stormy have been the main characteristics of the weather on the Macleay the past week. Thunder-storms have been frequent, though very little rain lias fallen. The few showers of Saturday and Sunday, however, were of much value to farmers. The southern portion of the colony has been greatly troubled with bush-fires, which (in the Biverina district espec- ially) have done an enormous amount of damage. Monday week in Sydney was the hottest day experienced since 1885. Bridge over the Macleay. — It- seems likely that the Kempsey people will get their bridge over the Macleay after all. By the Burrawong last week arrived Mr. C. W. King, bridge sur veyor, who has been despatched from Sydney ou behalf of the Public Works Committee to make a thorough survey of the surroundings of the river, prior to submitting a report to that body. When a work reaches the Committee, proof is given that the Government are taking steps to carry out the wishes of the people. Mr. King lias pitched his camp on the Commandant Hill side of the river and has already started work. Death in Trial Bay Prison. — On the 17tli of last month,1 James Boach, a prisoner at Trial Bay, while working at the breakwater, was severely kicked by a horse. He was driving a trolly of stone when he flicked the horse with his whip. The horse resented and flung up his heels, which caught Boach in the side. The unfortunate fellow was admitted to the prison hos pital aud died last Saturday morning. Coroner Johnson held an inquest at the hospital on Saturday night, when evidence of the accident was taken, and a verdict of accidental death recorded. The jury consisted of six f»GGiYijn onrl civ ni'i.cmioivc. was 22 years of age. Leprosy in the District. — The news that leprosy exists in the dis trict need not alarm anyone. Only one case has yet been proved, viz., at Stewart's Point. A fev months ago a resident of the Point uamed Thomp son was struck down by a disease, the nature of which could not be accur ately fixed. The man was removed to the Priuce Alfred Hospital, Sydney, where the ailment developed, and the unfortunate fellow was removed to the lazarette at Little Bay. He is still an iumate there. Though no other case has been reported, the Government have seen fit to send Dr. Thompson up from Sydney, to make a thorough investigation of the sufferer's late surroundings. Dr. Thompson arrived by the Burrawong last trip and at once proceeded to Stewart's Point, following up his in quiries there was a visit to Euroka cemetery. Naturally enough, the doctor is very reticent, but we under stand that no other case has been dis covered. Dr. Thompson's visit to Euroka was in connection with a complaint that had been made con cerning the proximity of the grave-, yerd to the public school. Crown Land Sale. — Seven country lots of crown land are advertised for sale by auction at Port Macquarie, on the 16th January, 1895, at noon, varying from 8a. 3r. to 100 acres, at the upset price of from £1 5s lOd to £3 9s lid per acre, which includes the value of improvements. The land is situated about 27 miles westerly from Port Macquarie, at the junction of Kindee Brook with the Hastings Biver. To Stock Owners. — All owners of stock, (horses, cattle, or sheep) are reminded of the necessity of making a return of such before the 31st instant, to the Stock Inspector of the district. A penalty of £20 is attached to: neglect or a faulty return. The atten tion of owners possessed of less than 500 sheep, and butchers, dealers and salesmen, is called to section 42 of the Act, which requires that their runs and premises be registered with the Sheep Inspector of the district, on or before 14th January, 1895. Agricultural Gazette '. — The October number of the Agricultural Gazette is, as usual ; full of information of inestimable value to farmers, stock breeders and gardeners. Major- General Hutton has something to say on " Horse-breeding lor military re mounts" ; Mr. J. H. Maiden at length describes the wild parsnip, suspected of of being a dangerous poison plant. G. B. Brown, C. T. Susson, J. L. Thompson, F. B Parkinson F. B. Guthrie, and S. Gray also contribute to the number. Scholastic. — -Miss E. Kiugsford, of the Frederickton Public School, 'has been removed to Port Macquarie, and her place will be filled by Miss McCoy, ofTaree. Miss Gapes, MissKingsford's predecessor at Port Macquarie, goes to Taree. Of Miss McCoy, the Man ning River Times says she commenced her duties in the Taree school on the 13th April, 1891, and has been in Taree for three years and seven months. During this space of time she has, by fier kindly and prepossess ing ways, made quite a large number of friends, who will sadly regret her removal. Miss Kingsford's departure will be regretted by many. A " True" Whale Yarn. — Uulike the yarn started about the whale at Crescent Head, this item is true. Whales appear to be unusually plenti ful along the coast of, New South Wales this year. The passengers by the Electra, crossing inward over the Bichmond Biver bar, had an oppor tunity of witnessing a stirring splash ing encounter about six or eight miles from the Bichmond, between a huge whale and a number of thresher sharks. The contest took place right in front of the steamer, aud Captain Farrell altered his steering course out of regard for the hull of the vessel, and passed within a chain or so of the combatants. Bellingen Court House. — His Honor acting-Judge Harris, when at Bellingen, made some strong remarks upon the inadequacy of the local Court House accommodation. Ac cording to the Sun, " the jury in the case of Matthews v. Boultwood had been locked up in the C.P.S.'s office, tue only available room in connection with the building, and this left the judge and members of the bar and legal profession no place wherein to retire. Mr. Browuing also referred to the wretched provision made for Senior- Constable Jordan and his family, only one bed-room being pro vided for the parents and nine children, and said the officer had to use the police cells for sleeping apartmeuts. He had to thank the. Senior-Constable for the courtesy he had received from him, and when lunch time arrived announced that he was about to retire tc a cell kindly placed at his disposal by Mr. Jordan. There was one thing he could say in regard to.it, aud that was that probably the chamber re ferred to was the coolest in the build ing, " The Deaf and D.umb and the Blind. — From the Hon. Secretary (Mr. Eilis Bobinson) we have received a copy of the 33rd aunual report of the New South Wales Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, Sydney. The report , gives a very readable accouut of the work of the Institution for the year ending with September. We are requested to. draw attention to the fact that the Institution has ample accommodation for more pupils, and that the strong desire of the Board is that every Deaf, Dumo and Blind child iu the colony should participate in the benefits which the Institution confers, and which are within the reach of all, both rich and poor. School fees are charged according to the circumstances of the parents, but in many cases, where parents or guardians are not able to pay, the children are admitted free. Hence there is no excuse for keeping them at home and allowing them to grow up uneducated. More than once have ws had the priviiige of inspecting the Institution, and we truthfully say that seldom have we come across a public "home" in which the inmates seem so well looked after, so contented and happy. No praise of its work could be exaggerated. From the report, by the way, we see that the Macleay river last year contributed £4 4s 9d towards the support of the concern. Ferry Leases forv 1895.-- The following offers for the leasing of district ferries have been recommended to the Government by Mr. T. P. Davies for acceptance : Greenhill, C. Manning, subsidy £21 ; Gladstone, Geo. Wishart, rental £35 ; Summer Island, J. J. Gleeson, subsidy £13 5s; Jerseyville (Pelican Island), Jas. Delaney, tolls only ; Bar Scrub, Mary Blythe, subsidy £26; Bawdon Island,. C. Harriott, tolls only; Warrell Creek, Wm. Collins, subsidy £16. Flying-fox Pest. — Mr. Stevenson, M.P., intends asking the Minister for Mines whether he willr in view of the destruction being .done to the fruit orchards throughout the colony by flying-foxes, consider the desirableness of placing on the Estimates a sum of money to assist settlers in the des truction of the pest. Warrants v. Summonses.— In sum ming up at the District Court last week in the case of Bradley v. Boyce, His Honor Acting- Judge Harris took occassion to level a few pertinent remarks against those folk who, on the slightest pro vocation; set the machinery of the law in motion. The origin cf theBradley v. Boyce action was Boyce "issuing a warrant against Bradley, in lieu of a civil summons. Had Boyce, said the J udge, been content to institute civil proceedings at the beginning much .expense .would have been. spared to both " parties, as, well as ito the country. 'Another case" of a like kind came before him at the Quarter Sessions, where the man Fisher was charged with stealing tobacco. At the outset',: thelcharge against the prisoner should have been laid under a different section, by which he could have been summarily dealt with. As it: was; the prosecution in. the case cost the State no less than £60 ! The Biver at Seven Oaks. — a meeting isto - be held at Smithtown on ; Saturday night next to consider ther dredging of the river at Seven Oaks. Twelve months ago a channel Wets cut ill tii6 river nt tins sput uui has since silted up, and -the - sand pump is now about to re-dredge the water-way. From all we hear a mis take is about to be made in keeping to the old channel. Traffic would be much convenienbed' if the way were located nearer the sand spit instead of on the west side of the river. If the channel were also straightened, and the water not driven against the river hank, v sensible folk would not object. .The . Smithtown meetihg is expected to make recommendations to the department on the subject. Road Works.— The following were the lowest tenders for the following district road works Bepairs to bridges near Port Macquarie ; road Gongarinna to Port Macquarie, P. Maher, £37 17s, 6 tenders ; Avmi- dale road via Bellbrook Ford to MuKenzies Creek, (approach to Bell- brook Ford), T. McCubbin, £69 12s 6d, 6 tenders ; Anderson's to Macleay Heads, Paul Zastron, £42 18s 9d, 9 tenders ; Greenhill Ferry to East Kempsey- Sherwood Boad, H. Smith, £111 :4s, i9; tenders. 