??'./A' TERRIBLE TALE OF BUSH FIRES. }'; A correspondent, writing from Goree, Yanko Creek, on December 9, reports :— ; ; Bush-iires have been raging fast and furious in this and the surrounding districts, and the' last week in November and the first week in December will long be reme nbered by many farmers and set tlers who suffered from its ravaged. The first bush fire came off the Jerilderie railway line, and got on to the Goree run. This was soon die covered by the look-out man off the magnificent tower built for the purpose at Widgiewa House. The gong is sounded, the telephone set to work, and in five minute3 the manager, Mr. A. L. Morrison, and his gallant team of fire brigaders are away, fully equipped for all emergencies. They soon arrive at the Are, and join forces with the Goree manager, Mr. Percy Brett, and though the paddock was thick with grass, and the wind blowing pretty fresh, the two big iire brigades, with their leaders in the front, beat the fire out in little over three hours, and before any serious damage could be done. That night, at sun down, No. 2 bush-fire was discovered. From Goree Fire Brigale 'To the rescue!'' is the cry, and after a drive of about 15 miles in the dark, cutting our way through wire fences, we arrive on the scane, -which waa on Rudd's Colombo Plains Station. Here at daylight we gladly fell in with the Widgiewa mer, and a few of Mr. Rudd's men, badly equipped with pieces of bag tied on to pot-sticks. The men could not get near the fire with such beaters, which were quite useless at such a raging fire as was going on. Here again the Widgiewa and Goree men, with their splendid fire-beaters, did all that could be done to save the run, and turned the fire more thm once. And if Rudd's people only took the advice of the managers of the Widgiewa and Goree— to follow up the two fire brigades with a 400-gallon tank of water putting out the burning timbers— they might have saved thousands of acres of grass. Great damage was done on this run, and miles of fencing burned to the ground. I have not heard of any stock being burned, but I fear there were losses. No sooner back from fire No. 2, than another bush fire starts on the Yarrabee run. The Goree brigade is off, and works all the dreary night and beats out single-handed this fire, and has got the credit for saving the run. But thousands of acres of grass must have been destroyed. Here the manager of Yarrabee, Mr. Gibson, on that dark night rode against a wire fence, and was thrown from his horse and picked up unconscious, and uu.n.^11. iu on*; nuuiuiucia j.'uojjioai, wiiciu iiu is jlc ported to be doing well. The Goree men now start for home, and in passing the Yarrabee woolshed are informed that the fire broke out in another direction and was coming straight on for the homestead. 'Bout ship' is the word, and on getting to the fire we soon burned a trail to the main road, and beat out and stopped the fire from, reaching the homestead. Here again I must remark that the Yarrabee men 'were disgracefully equipped, and quite useless with the ' pocket- handkerchief ' beaters they used. The Tubbo and Kerarbury runs also had their turn with bush fires, and in fact the whole country around Narrandera was ablaze about the same time. Hundreds of thousands of acres of grass were destroyed on the last-named stations alone, and some hundred miles of fencing burned to the ground. And I fear very much that many head of stock will be missing when muster takes place. It is now most probable that stock must be shifted for want of grass. All the fires about here are now extinguished, and may they keep so, I beg and pray. 