Windsor Borough Oounoil. Present: The Mayor, Aid Gosper, Primrose, Paine, Huggins, and Ward. CoRKESPONOBNce. From the hon. sec. Windsor Junior Cricket club, submitting a list of its fixtures, and asking for the use of the Park for the coming season. The communication pointed out that the Windsor C C had already two wickets; that the Juniors had already chipped and fill«! in holes about the wicket, and, in the event of their application being granted, they would erect a boundary around the ground. It was resolved that the Mayor meet the secretaries of the two clubs, and endeavour to bring about an arrangement that would be to their mutual advantage. From W Morgan, M.L.A., stating that, in refer- ence to a communication from the Council, he had waited upon the Minister for Works, and had been informed {that the draft bill in connection with, the waterworks bad been sent to the Par- liamentary draftsman in January, 1892, to have schedule amended. He would be pleased at any time to introduce a deputation from the Council, and would do his utmost to have the bill passed into law. Received. From the Secretary of the Municipal Associa- tion, stating that the Annual Session would be held in October next, and asking to be supplied with the names of the local delegates, and a cony of any motions that they may wish to have on the business-sheet. Received. From Edgar Board, stating that be had erected a line of fence round his property at Newtown, and calling attention to the danger that existed of its being burnt down should a bush-fire break out in the ti-tree scrub surrounding it. Received and referrred to the Works-committee for report at next meeting. Aid Primrose said they might with advantage draw the attention of the Minister for Works to the necessity for having the roads fronting the Government allotments cleared. It cost the Council from ten to twelve years rates to do so. From J C Fitzpatrick, drawing attention to the bad state of the fence round the River Park. Aid Primrose suggested that it would be a good thing to erect a fence there similar to that around McQuade Park. The present fence was an un- sightly one, and in a.Very bad condition. Re- ceived and referred to the Parks and Works-com- mittees. REPORT. Aid Paine read the Finance-committee'-, report, recommending for payment the following amounts .--General account ¿50/7/9 ; Water account ¿36/11/8 ; Lighting account ¿36/6/-. Re- ceived andi ultimately adopted. QUESTION. Aid Primrose asked whether there was any money available to repair the road at Newtown, which was in a very bad state. The Mayor said they had ¿35 to expend, but he thought Punt Hill should have attention first. MINUTES FROM MAYOR. (1) That £5 be granted for levelling and top- dressing with soil where necessary on the cricket ground in McQuade Park." Carried on the motion of Aid Primrose and Ward. (2) "That £5 be granted for clearing round trees in McQuade Park." Carried on the motion of Aid Primrose and Gosper. (3) "That tenders be called for removing the gavilion from Thompson Square to McQuade ark, to the site chosen by a majority of the Council." Aid Primrose proposed that the minute be adopted. Aid Huggins said this would be a petty piece of work; the pavilion would not accommodate more than six or seven people, and its removal would cost more tban it was worth. The Mayor said he did sot recommend, that the pavilion be removed. He merely recom- mended that tenders be called for its removal, and they need not accept a tender if they did not suit. Aid Paine said he did not believe in that sort of work. They had no right to call tenders simply to see what a job was to cost. The Mayor said bis idea vas to find out whether it would be cheaper to remove the structure from Thompson's Square or to build a new one. Aid Huggins: What's to accommodate the aboriginals? The minute lapsed for want of a seconder. (4) That a sum of £6 8/- be granted for the an nual subscription to the Municipal Association. Carried. (5) That an alderman he appointed in conjunc- tion with the Mayor to attend the forthcoming ses- sion of the Municipal Association. Aid Paine was unanimously elected on the motion of Aid Primrose and Ward. (6) That £2 2/- be granted for auditors fees. Car- ried. , The Mayor directed attention to a letter Aid' I Huggins had received from Mr Dick, referring to the bad state of Pitt-street, near his property. Aid Huggins said the road was so bad the tenant could scarcely get to and from the property. i Aid Primrose thought that tenders might be . called to put the street in order. Aid Watd thought as it was only a small job, it could be referred to the Works-committee. Aid Paine said it was only a farce to refer matters to the Works-committee. Several matters bad ; been referred to them and they did not toke the ! slightest notice of them. They had had no report j from the Works-committee for months. It was an j insult to the Council, and it was quite time they ! had an alteration. The Council then rose. 