®[je ftefeau ®mwss. PUBLISHED EVERY SATUBDAY MOENINQ. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26TH, 1895. Local aridL General. A TEST.-Compare Judges Bros.' Special Blend Ten, at Is per lb., witu any in the Colony at la 3d.* GOD'S ACRE.-The Romam Catholic Cemetriesin this District, particularly Sir John's and Crane brook have lately undergone a clearing-up and now present a more pleasing sight. HOSPITAL CONCERT.-We understand that the sum of £3 5s has been handed in to the Treasurer of the Nepean Cottage Hospital Committee as the proceeds of the concert given recently by Miss Cadden's pupil's. To RIFLEMEN.-A Civilian Rifle Club is now being formed in Penrith. A meeting in connec tion with the same will shortly be called. ^Full particulars can be obtained from Staff-Officer Sergeant Parker, next door to this office. WESLEYAN.-We are informed that the Rev. Joseph Tarn, of Dubbo, has received an invitation from the Penrith Circuit to take charge of Penrith District on the Rev. W. H, Williams' removal by effluxion of time. Mr. Tarn has accepted subject to the approval of the Conference. GABDSN FETE AT MULGOA.-The programme of sports connected with the garden fete at Mulgoa on Saturday, 9th November, is now issued, and will be found in our advertising columns. There are no less than 11 different events, and the prizes are large, some very handsome trophies being given by Mulgoa and Penrith residents. Added to the sports mentioned, there will be other attractions, and the fun will conclude with a eoncert at the Mulgoa Hall the same evening. FOR INDIGESTION, the BEST REMEDY is un doubtedly NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS. They can confidently be recommended as being mild in operation and absolutely free from injurious drugs ; acting at once as a splendid tonic and a gentle aperient. For nearly 100 years they have proved UNEQUALLED for Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Sick Headache and for Liver and Stomach complaints. Sold in bottles, Is ljd, 2s 9d, lis, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the world. A simple, and safe remedy. BUSH FIRES.-Considerable excitement was caused at Blackheath on Sunday by a large bush fire, which came up from the Blackheath side of the coal-mine gully. The. flames' spread with great rapidity in the direction of a cluster of dwellings on the Kanimbla Valley side of the railway line, and encroached right up to the ^dwelling of Mr. Thomas Williams, . scorching the-fence. - The fire also threatened the house of Mr. Brade, of Sydney. By the strenuous efforts of many willing helpers, serious destruction of property was prevented. CIVIL SERVANTS AND OUTSIDE WORK. - The following circular, signed by the Principal Under 1 Secretary, was issued on Monday from the Colonial Secretary's office to the Under-Secretaries of the Government departments : - .' Complaints having from time to time been made that certain persons holding appointments in the public service are in the habit of accepting remunerative employment from private and other sources, I am directed by the Chief Secretary to point out that the Government disapprove of this practice, and he requests that you will be so good as to cause this decision to be circu lated for the future guidance of officers under your control." ACCIDENT.-A peculiar and tragical occurrence was reported on Monday evening three miles from the town of Warialda. A young man named Ahern was grubbing a large tree, Mrs. Patterson, bis employer's wife, and her child being seated on a log watching him, a short distance away. Suddenly, owing to a gust of wind, the tree was carried in a direction opposite to that expected of it, and before Mrs. Patterson could get away she was struck down by the branches, Ahern himself having a narrow escape. A doctor was sent for, and found . the mother and child unconscious, the woman having her skull laid bare from the top to the base, and the child suffering from shock. Both are still un conscious, and their recovery is doubtful. Ahern took the matter so much to heart that he went out of his mind on Tuesday morning, and was removed to the town. The affair has caused great Bensation, as the injured are well known and highly respected. ONE-SIDED ALL THROUGH.-The most inter esting fact in connection with the-human frame Is probably that it is throughout one-sided, both in the conformation and use; of. its various members. The two halves of the skull, or both sides of the face, are never exactly alike. The eyes are differ ent, one is used more,,than;the other, and if spectacle's are worn the glasses ought to be adapted to each eye separately ; while one ear is invariably employed in preference to the other. Notwith standing the late Charles Beade's fulminations, we are none of us ambidextrous, but either right handed, or less frequently, left-handed. The left lung is a trifle larger than the right, and the right lobe of the liver considerably larger than the left. We habitually start a movement with one foot (generally the left) rather than the other-note the steps of a dog-cart-and neither the two hands nor the two feet ever match, the difference being sometimes very marked. . The..greater part of the heart is on the left side, and so on throughout the corpus vile humanum, . ANOTHER OLD PENBITH RESIDENT.-Away back in the sixties there resided in High-street, Penrith, on the site of our late offices, a highly respectcd couple, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Kilgannon and family. For many years, almost from the . for mation of the Penrith Municipality up to the time of his death, Mr. Kilgannon was a trusted and cap able officer of the Council. His death will no doubt be well remembered. Some twelve years ago whilst engaged in fixing the bridge, in Castlereagh street, a fall of earth crushed him to death. At that time he and his wife and daughter were residing in their own cottage in Henry- street, Miss Kilgannon being then a pupil teacher in the . Penrith Pub lic School. The loss was a severe one, and was keenly felt by the survivors. Miss Kilgannon has gradually progressed in her duties, that she now occupies a very high position in the Education Department. Of late her mother had taken up her residence in Hamilton, near Newcastle, where they spent many happy days ; the rest of the family, some three sons, having gone out into the world. The old lady had been enjoying good health until recently, when she' took a sudden turn, and the illness, which wa^ severe, soon carried her off. Her death took place on Friday of last week, the remains being brought to Penritl^ on Saturday evening, and interred in Sir John's Cemetery, on Sunday, alongside the remains of her late husband. Tbe funeral was a large and representative on8,Mr8. Price having charge of the funeral arrangements. Much s/mpnthy is expressed with Miss Ktlgannon. CONCERT AT Jamisontown.-On Thursday evening next a first class concert will be held the Jamisontown United School-Church, in aid of the organ fund. Mr. A. Judges, J.P., will preside. The programme is a lengthy and varied one, and we predict a bumper house. OASTLEREAGH MUNICIPALITY. -In our ad vertising columns will be found the official notification of the first annual election of Aldermen and auditors for the new Municipality of Oastle reagh. Mr. P. A. H. Cork has been appointed first Returning Officer, and the election take3 place on Wednesday, November 20th ; nominations for candidates must be lodged with Mr. Cork seven days'at least before that date. We hear of several likely men, and no doubt the contest will be a keen one. VOCAL MUSIC.-Miss Louie Galvin, who has been a pupil of Mr. Hallewell, for upwards of six years announces that she will commence singing lessons in Penrith shortly. The pupUs, although previously instructed by Miss Calvin, will be periodically"" coached " by Mr. Hallewell. There is much latent talent in our District we have no doubt, and Miss Galvin should be given an oppor tunity of bringing it out. All communications should be addressed to Mr. Hallewell, 323 George street, Sydney. SONG SERVICE.-A beautiful' service of song entitled " Left Alone," composed and arranged by Mr. J. Bromham, the celebrated musical composer, was rendered by a large Choir in the Emu Plains Wesleyan Church on Thursday evening. There was a good attendance. The connectiva readings were given by the Rev. W. H. "Williams, ^and Miss Fraser presided at the organ. Miss King, Miss Fraser, and Mrs. Williams rendered solos with their usual pathos and good taste, and the com bined Choir sang all the choruses with excellent taste, time, and effect. At the close of the service the Rev. W. H. Williams thanked all who had so cheerfully assisted in the singing, and the audience also accorded them a very hearty vote by accla mation. This same service of song will also be rendered in the Castlereagh Wesleyan Church on Wednesday next. AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.-Mr. George Edwards has made a start towards collecting the annual subscription for the Nepean District Agricultural. Horticultural and Industrial Society, and persons wishing to have a say in the annual election of Committee should pay up their subscriptions promptly. It is certainly . to be hoped that subscriptions will come in freely, and so keep uu one of the most useful institutions in the District. Tha Secretary (Mr. E. K. Waldron) is working hard to bring about the success of the Society, and for that purpose has engaged Mr. Edwards, so that he will have more time to attend to the other matters. The annual meeting will be held on 6th November, and we hope to see a good number of members paid up by that date, and that that the election will be a keen one. There are several people in the District we would like to see on the working Committee, and we hope they will com«} out and help along the Society. 8ANDEB AND SONS1 EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. In protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture has acquired all over the globe, we publish the following -.-Hazard, M.D., Professor of General Pathology and diseases of the Mind and Nervous System, says in an editorial published in the Clinical Record:-"We have examined half-a iozen specimens of different manufactures; the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only one that proved to be reliable and corresponding to scientific tastes." Another concoction called " Re fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ance since. This product stands, according to Dr. Owen, foremost in causing injurious effects. That gentleman communicates at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. In another case a lady states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suffered cruelly from the effects of the same concoction To guard the high reputation of our manufacture -we feel waranted in exposing the above facts, and desire the public to exercise care and precaution when buying. SANDER & SONS. (Advt.) LITERARY AND DEBATING SOCIETY.-The last meeting of the Nepean Literary and Debating Society held on Tuesday evening at the Council Chambers was cortainly the best yet held. There was a large attendance. Several new members were accepted, and several more were proposed. Ar present there are 33 on the roll. The principal business of the evening was the debate, the Ministry affirming " That the proposed mode of Upper House Constitution was detrimental to the interests of the country," they favoring a nominee chamber. The Minister for Education (Mr. E K. Waldron) opened the debate, and he was followed by Alderman Reid. The Premier (Mr. G R. Henson) came next, and he was followed by Mr. L. Litton. Then came Messrs. Davis, Wilcher, Smeaton, Noble and others. Some capital speeches were made, and at half-past ten it was decided to postpone the discussion till Tuesday night next, when it will be brought to a conclusion, the remainder of the evening being filled in with readings, recitations, etc. Every member is requested to roll up and take part in the pro ceedings. Visitors are also welcome. Great interest is being taken now in the Society, IMPORTANT to AGRICULTURISTS.-The secretary of the Nepean District Agricultural, Horticultural, and Industrial Society (Mr. E. K. Waldron) has informed us that be is in receipt of a large bundle of books from the Minister for Mines and Agricul ture, which contain very valuable information to those interested in the fruit and export trade. Hereunder we give a list of the books, which can be seen at the office of the secretary or borrowed by responsible persons, who will be required to gijc an undertaking to return same, but for further inform ation we must refer you to the secretary of the society. List of books and pamphlets Fruits, to export and how to export them ; canning, drying, and preserving fruits ; apple culture-directions for collecting, packing, and forwarding specimens of; insects, plants, fungi, and soils; budding, orchard manures ; plant diseases and how to prevent them ; notes on the diseases of plants ; principal insect and funguB pests, with tested remedies; some fruit pests ; choice and use of artificial manures ; analy ses of commercial fertilisers ; report of the confer ence of vine and fruit growers; bulletin of the proceedings of the conference of vine and fruit growers; report of the conference ; report of the conference from delegates from agricultural so cieties. It is almost unnecessary for us to point out the great good which would result if the people generally interested would read up the valuable information contained in the above books, which is obtained at a large expense to the country, in the hope of educating the people in the culture of the great fruit export trade. GOOD TEMPLARS.-On Friday evening of last week the local Lodge of Good . Templars held their weekly meeting in the Lodge-room, Temperance Hall. After the usual business was gone through, one new member was initiated. The St. Marys Lodge, who had been invited to be present, were cordially received. An adjournment was then made to the large hall, where- the following programme was gone through, with good effect, Bro. G. H. Munday, O.T., acting as chairman : Pianoforte overture, Mr. E. Bunt j song, Mr. H. Price; trio (piano and violins), " The Harp that once through Tara's halls," Miss King and Bro. A, E. and Master E. Breyley ; recitation, Bro. F. Baker; piano solo, Sister Stephens. Bro. Munday, in the course of a few remarks, said he was very pleased to see such a social gathering, as it showed there was a brotherly and sisterly spirit existing between the two lodges, and he hoped before long to see the members of the St. Marys Lodge up again. A farce entitled " Sorrows of Mr. Snooks," or " The troubles of a batchelor," was given by the St. Marys Lodge. .Refreshments were then handed round, after which the second part of the programme was gone through: Recitation, "Go on," Bro. Leighton; piano solo, Mr. IS. Bunt ; recitation, Bro. V. Oolless ; trio, (piano and violins) " Musique do Ballet de Bo3monde," Miss King and Bro. A. E. and Master E. Breyley. Mr. Piper gave J a short address. The hall was then cleared and parlor games were indulged in till 11 o'clock, when the evening's enjoyment was brought to a close. I THE SALVATION AKMY.-Last Thursday week a picnic of the " little soldiers " was held at Belmore Park, and a very enjoyable day spent, On Thurs day night last Captain Charlesworth, late of Pen rith, who, it will be remembered, was some short time ago down Sydney way " run in " for obstruct ing the roadway, gave his 48 hours' gaol experience. Captain Thomas, now in charge of the corps, is enjoying a well-earned fortnight's rest. HOSPITAL SUNDAY.-The Friendly Societies Committee held another meeting on Thursday night. The Secretary reported that a number of subscription lists have been sent out, and the matter appeared to be warmly taken up in all quarters. The programme, or order of march, &c.;, appears in our advertising columns. It has been decided to send collection boxes to the different railway stations from Booty Hill to Katoomba, and no doubt these will be largely availed of. The Committee hold their final meeting next Thursday week. FLOUR.-At the.beginning of the present year Mr. H. C. Mathews of Acme Boiler Mills, Bathursb remodelled his mill to the Hungarian Full Boiler System and the new dust has been gaining fresh friends daily, and is now to be found in every bake house of importance in the metroplis the suburbs, or along the Western line. With those who have already tried it, the opinion seems to be that to use the Acme Boiler Flour is to have a large, light (we do not mean underweight) and snow-white loaf Of course all others mill prodwe is obtainable from the mill, and Mr. Mathews will be pleased to answer all enquiries.* " THE OCTOROON. "-Elsewhere will be found the announcement of thiB justly celebrated play-Mr. Dion Boucicault's best-which will be played at the Temperance Hall, Penrith, on Wednesday, November 21, with all the original music and mechanical effects. Added to our well-known local amateurs, Mr. L. C. Tennant, late of Parkes, has joined the company, and will take one of the lead ing parts. Mr. Tennant comes to us with splendid recommendations, and judging by what we have already seen at rehearsals, he will be as big a favourite in Penrith as he was in Parkes. New scenery will be painted by Mr. D. Daniels, and the play, we have no doubt, will be a booming success. ANNUAL RIFLE MATCHES.-At the annual prize shooting held in Sydney during the week, the fol lowing local competitors succeeded in securing prizes :-Nursery handicap, 7 shpts each at 500 and 600 yards : Private J. Delaney, Mt. Victoria, £1, 26, 25-51 ; Dr. C. B. Pym, Penrith, £1, 28,20-48. Rand wick Match, 7 shots each at 400 and 500 yards : Dr; J. Spark, Katoomba, 30, 33-63. The Tyro, 7 shots each at 400 and 500 yards: Mr. F. DeLaney. Mt. Victoria. £2, 35, 27-62. The Dangar, 10 shots at 600 yards : Mr, F. Winser, Mt. Victoria, £1, 42 ; 700 yards : Mr. C. W. Prott, Mt. Victoria, £1, 36 ; Mr. F. Winser, Mt. Victoria, £1, 36\. The Jacques, 7 shots each at 600 and 700 yards: Mr. C. Diews, Katoomba, £1, 31, 25-56. The Members, 7 shots each at 500 and 600 yards : Mr. C. W. Prott, Mt. Victoria, £1, 31, 28-69 ; Dr. C. B. Pym, Penrith, £1, 31, 27-58. 