[BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) THE BUSH FIRES AT THE KURRAJONG. GREAT DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY. KURRAJONG, Wednesday The most fierce and disastrous bush fire that has ever been experienced in this district occurred on Monday. By about 3 o'clock the fire had ad- vanced near to Mr. Comries, of Northfield. The Heights, and was rushing on at an alarming speed with flames fully 80ft. high, which were devouring all before them. With the assistance of the neighbours and the students of Barker College the furniture was removed from the house to a clear space in front, the paling fence near was pulled down, and the roofs of the adjacent outhouses were saturated with water. By this means the house was saved, but a large quantity of fencing and some outhouses were burnt. In the meantime the fire, borne on by the mighty wind, had come through Wheeney Creek gap and was rushing on fiercely through Burdekin's scrub towards the houses of North Kurrajong. The neighbours who saw this ran to assist in protect- ing the adjacent houses and property. Mr. Pit- man's was the first that was fired. His barn, stable, cartshed, and a number of outhouses con- taining carts, farming implements, and a large quantity of corn and hay, were burnt to ashes. He has also lost several valuable horses and a number of cattle, which were burnt to death, and a quantity of his fencing and a number of fruit trees were destroyed. A perfect shower of sparks and burning leaves and pieces of bark carried from a great distance by the wind fell upon the house, stable, and barns of the Misses Donkin, who are at present on a visit to Grafton, and in a few minutes everything was burnt to the ground. This is a great loss. At the same time the fire had rushed on and reached the house of Mr. Riley, and in a few minutes demolished it to the ground. Only a few pieces of furniture were saved, and Mrs. Riley and her daughter had a very narrow escape with their lives. Mr. Riley has lost a great deal of fencing and stock. By 5 o'clock the fire had proceeded close to Wheeney Creek; the wind was at its highest and was blowing terrifically; the flames were as high as the highest trees and rushing on by leaps and bounds at a terrible rate. In a few minutes the whole of the large and beautiful paddocks, which extend from Wheeney Creek to Comleroy-road, were in sheets of raging flames, and simul- taneously the stables and outhouses of Mr. R. Pitt and the residence of Mr. W. John caught fire, and in an incredibly short time were reduced to ashes. Mr. Pitt's house and family were saved in a most marvellous and almost miraculous manner. The flames of the burning outhouses reached within a few feet of the wood walls and roof of the house, the shower of sparks ignited the grass, which blazed right up to the verandah posts, and three times the shingles caught light, but by the brave and courageous efforts of the family the house and its contents were saved. Mr. Pitt's loss is heavy, perhaps the heaviest of all, and the scene around his premises is a heartrending one. An aboriginal woman who had been reared by the family lost her life. Mr. John's loss is also great, and the old man, who is over 95 years of age, was saved with difficulty. WINDSOR, Wednesday. Bush fires are still burning around the Kurra- jong Ranges, and the dense smoke prevents a glimpse of the country from being obtained. It was impossible this morning to see any portion of Windsor from Mulgrave, only a mile away, owing to this cause. All through the bush around Riverstone the glare of fires is to be seen, and grass and fences are being destroyed on all hands. Considerable difficulty was experienced yesterday at Sackville in preventing the fires raging in the vicinity from destroying this residence of Mr. P. de Rome, an old settler there. Many willing hands lent help, and beat the fire back. From all quarters of the district news comes of the destruc- tion caused. 