TOPICS OF THE DAY. Out with it boldly ; truth loves open dealings."' Say ai yo« think, and speak it from your souls. SHAKESPEARE THE bush fires which devastated the country in and around the Hawkesbury District during the patt week will long be remem- bered by those who suffered losses in con- sequence ; whilst those who were, practic- ally speaking, disinterested eye-witnesses will scarcely ever forget the appalling spectacle which the flames presented as they hurried wildly onward, "o'er brake and o'er briar," devouring with an in- satiable hunger all that came in their way. The Hawkesbury District, ever since Williams and Ruse, its pioneer settlers, started the cultivation of its soil, has been subject to periodical inundations, and no end of'damage has been caused in conse- quence ; but even those who have from time to time been affected by such catastro phies »re free to admit that they did not cause one tithe of the permanent loss that has been produced by those waves of ! flame which have swept during the past oouple of weeks over half the country sida. The flood-waters rise gradually, and thus the farmer is afforded an opportunity of storing away such of his produce as has been garnered, and of removing to a place of safety his stock and his furniture, and the members of his household. But the bush-fire is another and a totally different soourge ; it is merciless in its might, and when encouraged onwards by the veriest breath of wind, there ie scarcely any power on earth oapable of staying its progress. It leaves in its train nothing but the charred remains of what were once homesteads and the other buildings on every settler's hold- ing. The Kurrajong last week was sub- jected to this terrible ordeal, and many of the best-known residents have suffered very severely from the ravages of bush-fires-so much so that more than one family was left without a roof for the shelter of its members. It may be said, en passant, that but for the aid lent by other residents of the locality, and by reinforcements from Bichmond, tenfold the destruction which actually remited would have been the out- come of this conflagration. It is to be honed thai Kurrajong will never «gain be visited by such a scourge as this, ruining, as it has done, results of the labor of years, and disheartening worthy and hard- working settlers who had-by dint of energy and in- dustry-built up homes for themselves in a locality which, within the recollection of many folk resident in the district at the present time, was simply wild and impene- trable, and scarcely likely, from their then point of view, to become the great centre of settlement and productive industry that it has developed into of late years. The average man outside of Parliament who takes a healthy interest in politics, and who feels that if certain measures were passed »nd certain courses were adopted, industrial and political salvation might easily he secured-that class of man must frequently feel thoroughly disgusted with the powers that be in consequence of their apparant lethargy and lack of industry. But if he were in Parliament for a few weeks only he would speedily discover the reasons for all that delay which to him appears so unnecessary and irksome. The Government of the day, with a majority at their back, have first to fight their way and carry their measures through a small but faoBtile body on the Opposition benches; a body whose individual members carry on a guerrilla-like warfare, harrassing the real rulers of the House by moving adjourn» ments, talking against time, urging im- possible adjournments, raising points of order, and, generally-speaking, doing all that in their power lies to prevent the accomplishment of those ends which the Cabinet have in view »nd irfeioh th« people itMIMm »{..vi;ti.n-> ..' '.. .i'.t ? . '«.' .'»'-IT'. P'. I have unmistakably endorsed. Even after ! they have flattened out the Opposition, they have to face the blockade of the Upper Chamber, and it invariably happens, if their proposals are of a character which affect the personal interesta of the gentle- men occupying seats in that august chamber, that such proposals are relegated - to the dust-bin without even the most oursory consideration. In the Lower House, men who have previously, more than once, voted in favour of a land-tax, when in power themselves-men who have actually intro- duced such a scheme of taxation-are found voting and scheming against one of a similar character, presumably because it is fathered by their successors ; while in the Upper House practically the same miserable exhibition of inconsistency on the part ot gentlemen who represented the Protectionist Government in tha> Chamber is shown. Under such circumstances and conditions, the wonder is, not that so little, but that so much legislative work is accomplished. Ic an English paper of recent date ap- peared the following paragraph : A remarkable strike against the inorease in the price of beer has occurred at Bamberbridge, near Preston. The publicans held a meeting and de- cided upon an increase in the price of ale retailed for consumption upon the premises, but the extra charge of a halfpenny per pint which has since been levied, is fieroely resented by their customers, who refuse to patronise pnblio-houses again unless ordinary prices are reverted to. The affair has occasioned considerable amusement, and the strikers contemplate issuing a notice, in approved trades union fashion, requiring beer-drinkers to keep away from Bamberbridge while the dispute lasts. This incident recalls one of a somewhat similar oharacter which occurred in old Windsor in the days of the first Parlia- mentary election. At that time a huge brewery was in full working order in the town, and it «applied the then numerous district hotels which existed, there being in Windsor alone something over thirty. Party feeling ran very high on this occasion, land the conflict between the followers of the opposing candidates was mercilessly waged. The brewery proprietor, so it is asserted, espoused the cause of Mr. William Bowman, a circumstance which Mr. Fitz- gerald's supporters-who were in an over- whelming majority in Windsor-resented to some purpose. They resolved to boycott the brewer, and proceeded to formulate a scheme which wonld prove successful in thia district; In parties of about a dozen they sillied forth each evening, and made a complete round of the Windsor hotels. Walking into the first on their route, each man called for a glass of beer, remarking, " I want Tooth's." On the publican reply- ing that he didn't keep that brew, «nd only had the locally manufactured «rticle on tap, the party walked out without drinking at all, and proceeded to the next house of eall. This proceeding was followed night after night, and no sooner did one batch of boy cotters leave an hotel, than another stepped in, and after them another, and so on, until at length the hotelkeepers were compelled to give their custom to another brewer so that they might retain trade. The local brew consequently fell flat, and it was not long before the establishment was perman- ently dosed. Gradually local farmers and producers on the Windsor side of the district are begining to recognise the aavantage of having a local market to which to send their grain, poultry, vegetables, pigs, &c.-and; just as surely local consumers are being brought to plaoe a proper estimate upon the value to them of such an institution. Richmond has two regular market days weekly, the promoters being Messrs Hough Bros and Messrs Guest and Skuthorpe respectively, and the result is that whilst farmers and stook breeders obtain a fair return for their con- signments, purchasers are enabled to secure just what they require under a more equit- able than the old buy-a-pig-in-the-bag sys- tem. Windsor (has followed suit, and twice a-week sales of the olia podrida of the 4ift1wt W« Qon&iQtad; fay Mr. J. B, Jotyp-1 ston. The advantages of these sales from a producer's point of view must be manifest. In the first place he may send along the smallest of consignments, and he has no freight to pay, whilst if he sent the same small lot to Sydney market, the prioe realized would be swallowed up by freight and commission charges. In the second place, he may place upon his produce any reasonable reserve, and if it does not realize up to expectations or market value he may take it home again. If he sends to Sydney he must chance the market, and take what- ever he can get, or if he places a reserve upon it, he must pay storage charges, and perhaps eventually quit at an aotual loss. Again, by selling looally he is sure of securing current value, «nd he is able to see for himself just what his produce brings, instead of being at the mercy of the middle- man, as he certainly is when dealing with some of the less reputable men in the busi- ness in the metropolis. l And apart from all these considerations, the establishment of a beal market brings producer and consumer together in the town, and does incalculable benefit to both. Next to meeting a person to whom one owes an account, and not being able to pay it, the most annoying and humiliating inci cidtnt in the average man's life is to break oft the back button of his double-decker collar when at a crowded concert or in church. The programme or the service -whichever it may be-is proceeding famously, and the occupant of a seat or pew Î8 just beginning to get fairly settled down, when oft goes the aforesaid button, just as the wearer of the garment to which it was attached is in the act of bending over to pick up his programme or his prayer- book. Before he has time to straighten himself again, the collar springs dp be- hind his ears, and threatens to chop them off instanter. He gets hold of it with both hands, and jams the collar back into position onoe more, and then screws his shoulders up close under his jaws so that it may be firmly kept there. All goes ' well for a moment or two, and he has come to the conclusion that there is no farther cause for alarm, when turning suddenly to cast a glance over to the right Or left of where he is sitting, the collar slips half- way over his head, and in hiß frantic efforts to replace it, he bumps his next-door neigh- bour in the eye. knocks over the parasol of a lady on the left, flushes up like a big school-girl, and attracts the attention of hali the assembled gathering. Then, if he is like most men, he thinks of all the swear- words that ever he knew, turns them over and over in his mind, and comes to the conclusion that if he were outride, and if it were competent for him to roll them all up into one, that one word would scarcely be strong enough to express his feelings on the occasion. His pleasure is spoiled if the catastrophe occurs at a conoert ; whilst if a church is the scene of it, then he has profitted not at all, but, rather, removed himself farther than ever he was outside the pale of salvation. At a time like the present, when the construction of several branch railway lines is projected, it would be well for the powers that be to calcúlate the . cost and decide whether the circumstances sur- rounding each proposed extension warrant the huge expenditure entailed. Another matter which should not be over-looked in the same connection is this-whether, in view of the statement printed below anent the non-paying lines of the colony, the Public Works Committee is entitled to be regarded as being of any utility whatever In safeguarding the interests of the tax- payers and thus saving them the necessity for bearing on their backs an annual burden representing some hundreds of thousands of pounds. We are told that the following represent the non-paying I lines of the colony, their capital coít» ind I fte low annually w«t«iiied;--. Line. Capital Cost. Lost. Sydney to Kiama.£2,180,294 £41,094 Junee to Hay. 1,048.270 17,661 Narrandera to Jerilderie.. 424.176 14,806 Wallerawang to Mudgee.. 1,042,810 88,614 Cootamundra to Gundagai 262,280 '6,474 . Goulburn to Cooma. 1,462,177 48,096 Orange to Molong. 286,863 8,760 Hornsby to St Leonarda.. 235,128 0476 Armidale to Jennings.... 1,689,946 68,847 Murrumburrah to Blayney 1,141,945 * 87,686 Culcairn to Corowa. 228,227 8,088 Nyngan to Cobar. 818,486 8,688 Blacktown to Richmond .. 196,168 6,116 New Lines. St. Leonards to Milson's Pt 866,796 11,892 Kiama to Nowra. 876,268 12,871 Cootamundra to Temora.. 188,080 1,984 Molong to Forbes. 416,668 1,474 Lismore to Murwillumbah 879,494 25*827 Sydenham to Belmore.... 162,888 8,277 Total..12,764,887 v 868*206 In the above list, as will be seen, the Black» town to Riobmond lint is included, tho alleged loss which accrues from its maintenance being set down at £5116 per annum. It may be said, however, that the cost of this line was very materially in- creased through some bungling years ago on the part of the department, whereby it was rendered necessary to pull np and re-ley portion of the permanent way. However, apart from this circumstance.suoh a financial statement must serve to «how that there ii something radically wrong with our system of construction-that lines are built where they are not needed, owing to tile existence (as in the case of the Sydney to.Kiama, Kiama to Nowra, &o;) of cheap water carriage; and that in too many casée the only interests studied are those of taimen* tial folk who happen to own land along the proposed rout«, acquired too elton jut about the time the construction of the line is decided upon. It is hard indeed, that the whole body of the taxpayers should he heavily weighted" so that railway lines may be constructed through the latid of a few. score of individuals whose holdings exist a hundred or so miles from Nowhsre. Mr. O'Sullivan's Bill to amend th« law of libel has-been introduced, and promises to be a welcome measure to the av#rafe newspaper proprietor. Whatever opinions one may hold with reference to Mr. O'Sullivan's fiscal faith, it may be fairly and honestly remarked that the united Press of the colony has had in the Member for Queanbeyan a hard worker in their in» terests. Having been a journalist himself, he is personally acquainted with the Wâàf serious disabilities tinder which the Press generally, and the Country Press in par- ticular, labours, and his consequently o* several previous occasions made vigorous attempts to have the law relating to libel ad» justed and amended. The principal features contained in Mr. O'Sullivan's Amending Bill are those in which it is stipulated thet defendantr may, in cases where enaction for libel is brought in the Supreme Court, apply to a judge in Chambers to decide whether the case is of such a character as shonld be allowed to proceed without security being given for <ooBts, and in the evset of the judge deciding that security shall bs. given, the case shall not be allowed to proceed un- less this is given. It ÍB also providsd that an order from a judge in Chambers shall be obtained before any person is allowed to begin an action for criminal libel. Actions* for technical libels are not to be maintain- able if the statement comprising it his been publicly corrected and apologised for. and where it shall appear to a judge in chambers that an action is frivolous, or taken with a view to extort money from tno accused, the action shall not be maintain- able. There can surely be Offered nb reasonable objection to the incorporation in a legislative enactment of provisions of the character above alluded to-which will pre* vent a newspaper proprietor from being made a mere target of by any and «very un- scrupulous man of strew and bf no eisoonnt who pretends to believe that his " otisullied reputation" has been attacked when an article critioising some objectionable aotton of his is, in the interests of the PSOplSt 