QUEENSLAND NHW8. BRISBANE. December G. The Railway Arbitrator (Mr. T- Un mack) has furnished lhe Commissioner for Railways with a list of the awards in connec tion with the recent resumptions of liind on the route of the Childere to Cord alba railway line. Generally speaking the Commissioner's offers have been confirmed. In a few instances there are increases ; but they are only small. the twenty-three cases which were referred to arbitration was £2086, and the awards total £2547. Alfred Jarman has been committed for trial on a charge of wounding his nephew with intent by stabbing him in the shoulder with a knife. The Premier is still very unwell and very weak- His medical advisers advise Tbe case known as tbe Gympie will case, which has been before the Supreme Court since the 22nd of November, was advanced another ar»ge to-day. Mr. Rutledge, counsel for the defendant, began his address to the jory. He reviewed the case at length, speaking for nearly three hours. He was followed by Mr. Byrnes (Attorney General), who dealt in a similarly comprehen sive manner with the case for tbe plaintiffs. At five o'clock Mr. Justice Eeal, before whom the case was heard, began enmnuog-op, and spoke until seven o'clock. The jury then retired to deliberate on a verdict, and returned to Court at twenty urinates to nine o'clock. Their rerdict amounted to a finding memory, and understanding when he made the contested wilL Ordnarily this iwoald have meant a verdict for the defendant ; but another question has yet to be determined. At and about the tLnc the disputed will was made the testator cancelled u previous will. As he had been found to be insane when he performed the former net, it has to be decided whether his cancellation of the earlier will can be allowed to stand. That question will be decided to-morrow. The tender of Messrs. Rooney Brothers (£3550) for the eonstrnction of a jerty at Liucioda Point, Dungeoess has been accepted by Mr. Tozer (Colonial Secretary). The Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed to inquire into the statements of the Brisbane Courier and the IVdrter reflecting on members ia connection with Mr. Hamilton's Consultation Bill, unani mously finds that the charges so far as they editor of tbe Worker had been offered a sum to write a leading article in favour of the Bill, and which was to be published as au advertisement, was uol contradicted, and the Committee says it might be taken as fconie justification for the Worbr\ article. The evidence given by tbe editor of the Courier did not disclose any reasonable grounds on which to found the article publUhid in that paper. The Cuimmttce, however, docs not reeommen BRISBANE, Decembers. The total quantity of sugar exported from the various ports of Queensland since (lie 1st The proceedings in' tlie Gympie will case were concluded yesterday, when — proof of the willof September, 1S93, having keen k-vcu— lliC jury returned a verdict in favour of that instru ment. The will of January, 1S93, was there of the earlier u ill. The coats of both parties were ordered to be allowed out of the estate. By this judgment the defendant and her two daughters are gainers, but ail the family will be well provided (or. A very sad case of suicide occurred yester day, when Mr. Neil M'Mastcr, aficj iliirly threc years, soa of Mr. J. M'AlasUr, M.L.A., drowned himself. The deceased had been very peculiar in his habits for days past, besides dripking heavily. On Saturday he returned home a little c&tlia; thwi asv-al va i cab from Messrs. Fionuy, Isles and Co.. where he was employed, and went to his bed room, where he appears to have changed his clothes for py idinas. Some time afterwards cliffs at Bowen Terrace, a distance of about Wft., and just in front of Mr. M' Master's residence. After jumping over the cliff be got up and staggered into the water with his face frightfully smashed. Mr. M 'Muster then missed bis son. The body of the man who had jumped over the cliff was recovered Great sympathy is felt for the family. Deceased was very popular, and was recognised as one of the leading mu&icians; of Brisbane. Only on Thursday night he assisted tit the Musical Union concert. Frederick Oleen, a married man, aged thirty-eight years, fell from a punt into the river yesterday, and was drowned. BRISBANE, December 9. Mr. Justice Cooper tcok his «ea.t as one of the Supreme Court Judges in Southern Queensland at the sitting of the Full Court to-day. Mr. Byrnes (Attorney -General), on behalf of the legal profession, tendered con gratulations in a neat speech, which was feelingly replied to by his Honour. The Customs receipts at the port of Brisbane from July up till the present, time %liaw an increase of £43,G27 upon the returns for the corresponding period of last year. Mr. C. Dickeu, C.M.-... has been appointed to represent Queensland on the governing body of the Imperial Institute in the place of Sir James Garrick. BRISBANE, December 10. To-day was observed as a general holiday. The weather was gloriously fiue, though a trifle hot. The principal event was the race meeting of the Queensland Turf Club, which attracted a large gathering. The various holiday resorts were well patronised as also were the excursions by boat and train. BRISBANE, December II. Tbe Chief Inspector of Stock states that the experiments conducted by Dr. Hani, a Hnghenden, and the Goveniniant Bacterio of the disease known as red water in cattle are making good progress. Bo'h Dr. Hunt and Mr. Pound are quite satisfied that the dieease is due solely to ticks and not to a disease which could be communicated from one beast to another by means of ticks. Tbe amoeboid bodies found in the blood of animals suffering from the disease are identical «ith those found in ticks themselves. For some months past, it is understood, negotiations have been in progress between Mr. Tozer (Colonial Sacret&ry;) and Mr. A. W. Jardine, with reference to the project of depth of 18 ft. of water at low tide through the South Passage* Moreton Bay. The channel is to be on the Stradbroke or south side of tbe passage, where there will be no break. It is claimed that the channel will be perfectly safe and straight aod the saving in from the south will be forty knots. A com pany is being formed to carry out the work. The crank of a. Baldwin engine drawing the Sandgatc train broke last night, but no damage was done. With reference to the alteration of the grades on the Central Railway, iu order to attain the object iu view the Commissioner has decided it will be necessary to make a number of deviations, the largest of which will be nearly seven tuiles ia length. The length of the four principal proposed devia tions — three of which are we&t; of Alpha — are 3 miles 13 chaias ; 4 miles 31 chains ; 6 miles 73 chains; and 2 miles 4S chains. Other alterations involve very little departure from the present alignment and in some cases simply consist of cutting down the existing line, lhe proposed alterations will also im prove a number of the sharp curves which add to the disadvantages of the present steep gradients and increase the cost of main tenance. The additional length of the whole line dne to the proposed deviation.3 will he one and s-half miles ; but the increased dis tance is inconsiderable in comparison with the advantages which will be derived from the economical working of the traffic The estimated cost of I lie deviations and other alterations is £7G/KKL The im provements, are proposed with a view to reducing the down grades I-etueen Longreach and Alpha from the present ruling grade of 1 twecn Alpha and Emerald, from 1 in 3S to I in 33 on a straight line 1 he present ruling grade between Emerald and Rockbampton is I in 50. So when tiie work is completed a grade of 1 iu 50 will be the ruling grade between Alpha and Kockhampton. Tlie pro posed reductions in tbe grades will enable a B13 type ot engine to ruu from Longreach to Alpha, which now can only take H)o tons on tons between these places ; and B15 e unities, which only take I4U tons, u ill be enabled to take 3-20 tons, thus increasing the weight of the trains by 12S per conr. From Alpha tr» Emerald the alterations will cuablc the train loads to be increased by 33 per cent. The estimated saving in train mileage ou the basis of last year's workiim will be 100.000 miles, which will mean about £6000, or nearly 9 per cent on the proposed ou-l-iy of £7G,OO3. the' Insolvency^ Court to-day 'iCfare the Chief Justice. (Iracc gave very imsa.tis factory answers as (o uliat became of portions of the moucy that Uc rcceivtj from of hie stock, which was burnt-,! at Allora. Mr. Lukio, who appeared for the trustee, applied for liis committal under section 116 of of the Insolvency Act. His Honoiir there in Brisbane linol. The Leader of the Opposition n ill, when, tbe that the financial proposals, of the Govern ment «« uusvi%foct.©ry. In *lie evevrt of Mr. Nelson (Premier) not being in his place, it is understood Mr. Tozer (Colonial Secretary) will move the adjournment of the House until Monday or Tuesday next, BRISBANE, December 1*2. The Hon. S- E. Lees, Mayor of Sydney, who is paying an official visit to Brisbane, arrived by last night's mail train. He was met and welcomed by the Mayor of Brisbane aud several aldermen. Mr. Lees's visit will be but a brief one, and it is one of the first paid by any mayor of the capital of tbe other colony since Brisbane was declared a munici pality. Mr. Gregory Grant, aged eucty-nioe years and a colonist of forty-one years' standing, died this week. Mr. Grant held many posi tions of trust Mid responsibility. BUN DA BERG, December 11. The schooner Helena left here to-day with eighty-two return Islanders. No recruiting will be done this trip. BARCALDINE, December II. Serious bushfires are raging round the town. Several selectors hare been burnt WIKTON, December 7. Seven grazing farms of '20,000 acres each, situated oq the resumed parta of Oondooroo, Vindex, Ayrshire Downs, and Ulaueo&harg; runs, were applied for ro-4ay. One unconditional selection of 60(1 BCiret and two homestead areas ut ?23W acres each were also applied for. Alt the blocks arc situated io the vicinity oC Wintou. WIKTON, December 12. The Divisional Board has decided to hare water laid on to the towo from the km, which has been leased from the (iovenuaeflt. MACFLAY, December 10. Since Saturday morning nni™TWB heavy downpours of rain io almost every part of the district have been experienced, and the result ban been almost marvellous, causing already a spring in the grass and a growth in the canfe. A hopeful article appears ia the paper com paring the present year with the d rough r year of 18S8, when tbe succeeding crop of cane was one of the finest ever garnered here in the memory of the oldest residents. The feeling throughout the district is now most hopeful. MAVTOWN, December 11.. A miner named W . D. Parsons tub drowned on the 9th instant io sight of his sop whilst crossing a flooded tributary t& the Palmer River. Deceased had 7 oz. of gold on. him at the time of his death. He h*s left &. wife and family of seven. TOWNST1LLE, December 12i In connection with the racing scandbj which displaced tbe Townsville Ama-tsac Turf Club's meeting at Cluden Park. on. Tuesday last, tbe Committee met yestan day and decided that the horse t&ldns;, owned by Charles Davis, &bonld; be dis qualified for twelve months for ssepidom running in the Flying Handicap. P. Doyle, the rider of Max, was cautioned. Charles Davis was fined £25 for dishonest practices in connec tion with the running of Gild us in the Flying; Handicap, and a farther £25 for imjeopoo bxnguage used towards tbe members ef tiia coinmittee in the saddling paddock, md odj the lawn on the 10th instant. Jatnes O'l^ellti w&£ fined £50 for suspicions riclisg- in- tfio* Flying Handicap and for foul riding in tha Toirnsvilie Amateur Handicap at the suoa. meetang- The rider of Opera in the Uowne vilje Ami tear Handicap (B. Hill), was fined; £5 for fool riding, and the owner of Iftu- waai also fined £20 in connection with the Flying Handicap. THURSDAY ISLAND. December 10. Of twenty-five horses shipped from Sy-bs*y by tbe steamer Gntbrie only Beven or eight were said to be serviceable upon the ornml of the vessel at Hongkong. Owing to tfcs bad weather whichwaaencounteredonthexoyage^ tbe majority of the horses were killed or eo badly injured that they had to be subse quently shot. The lugger Nana arrived last night with. the dead body of a Japanese diver, on board.. The deceased had been diving off (Varrioir Recf. CROVDON, Deoemfeer 9L The mining returns for Keveaher shov that 2141 tons of stone was crushed, on tins field for & yie\d oi 3263 oz. oi geti. The cyamide works also treated 2716 Uma of tailings for 2349 oz. of gold. The dividend. declared in the month amounted to, £2455. The complete mining returns foj the eleven months ended the 30th of N'ctfember show that 70,-280 tons of stone was treated for Sl,63Goz. of cold, being an increase of 20,456 tons a,ud 1 1 ,664 oz. respectively. CROYDON, December H. Rain started to fall here shortly after four o'clock this morning and ii in. of rain was regis tered in less than two hours. The tnwn creek came down a banker, damaging all the fool bridges, whilst the largest Btructure in Sam well-street was swept away. The whole of the outhouses at the rear of Temple's Hotel weie carried ofl, while most of tho residents along Uic Uink of the creek snfferej. The fall appears to have been general throughout the field, aud it is expected all the batteries will be urorkiug nest week. 