The Bush Fires on The Kurrajong. THE following account of the disastrous bush-fires on the Kurrajong has been kindly furnished by a resident of that locality : The most fierce and disastrous bush-fire that has ever taken place in this locality occurred on Monday. The district was in the worst possible condition for an outbreak of fire. We have come through a winter of unprecedented severity, and a drought has extended over many months Nearly all the water bas been dried up, and westerly winds have swept over the country during the past two months The grass had withered and browned like a vast field off stubble The undergrowth tn the bush was mostly dead, and even the bardy gum and iron-bark trees, tn parts where the frosts had been most severe, have succumbed. The winds have thrown down dead trees and branches, until the ground was covered with material as inflamable as match-wood. A number of fires have broken out during tbe past week or two, but they bave been kept under by the promptness and energy of the people. On Monday morning, about 8 o'clock, a volume of smoke was seen ascending from the bush, about 8 miles from the Kurrajong Heights in a northerly direction, and a westerly wind was blowing at a rate ranging from 50 to 70 miles an hour. The smoke increased and came down upon tbe north part of the Kurrajong in a vast cloud, so dense that the sun was obscured. But no immediate danger was apprehended, and everybody thought that if the fire should come over the Heights, it would take 24 hours to do so. Mr Pittman, whose house was the first in that locality to be attacked by the flames, left his home for Rich- mond at 2 o'clock, apprehending no danger. By 3 o'clock the fire had advanced nearly to Mr Comrie's, of Northfields, and was rushing along at an alarming speed, with flames fully 80 feet high, devouring all before it. With the assistance of neighbours, and the students of Barker College, the furniture was removed to a clear space in front of the house A paling fence was pulled down, and the roofs of the adjacent out-houses were kept saturated with water. The bouse was saved, but a great quantity of fencing and some outhouses were destroyed The fire went on through Wheeney Creek Gap, and was rushing fiercely through Burdekin's scrub towards the houses at North Kurrajong. The neighbors ran to help in saving property. Mr Pittman's was the first house that was fired. His barn, stable, cart-shed, and a number of outhouses, containing farming implements, and a large quantity of corn and hay were burnt to ashes. He has also lost several valuable horses and a number of cattle which were burnt to death, and fencing and fruit trees were destroyed. But by brave and per- sistent efforts his house and kitchen were saved. While this destruction was going on a shower of sparks and burning leaves and bark, car- ried to a great distance by the wind, fell upon the house, stable, and barns of the Misses Donkin, and in a few minutes everything was demolished. This is a great loss. The house had been quite recently enlarged and renovated at a considerable cost, and it contained a large quantity of valuable furniture, a great deal of plate and other things ot family interest, all of which were utterly de- stroyed. The fire had now reached the house of Mr. Riley, and in a few moments demolished it Only a few pieces of furniture were saved ; and Mrs. Riley and her daughters had a very narrow escape. Mr. Riley has lost a great deal of fencing and stock. By 5 o'clock the fire had reached Wheeney Creek ; the wind was blowing fearfully, the flames were as high as the highest trees, rushing in by leaps and bounds, and, before it a thick mass of sparks and blazing leaves were being carried along at a still faster rate through the dark cloud of smoke, giving it a more lurid and appalling appearance. In a few minutes, the whole of those large and beautiful paddocks which extend from Wheeney Creek to Comleroy road, were in sheets of raging flames, and simultaneously the stables and out-houses of Mr R Pitt, and the residence of Mr W John, caught fire. In an incredibly short time they were reduced to ashes. Mr Pitt's house and family were saved in a most and miraculous man- ner. The flames of the burning out-houses reach- ed within a few feet of the walls and roof of the house; the shower of sparks ignited the grass, which blazed right up to the verandah posts ; three times the shingles caught alight, but by the brave efforts of the family, the house and its con- tents were saved The struggle in this instance was for some lime desperate, and apparently hope- less. The smoke was suffocating, the heat scorch- ing ; escape was impossible, for tba premises were closely surrounded by high curling masses of flame, and those who were doing battle with these fierce elements had to drench their clothes with water every few seconds and throw water upon the roof and walls of the house; by doing this for several hours they succeeded in saving themselves and their home, although their faces and eyes, were severely burnt. Mr Pitt's loss is heavy perhaps the heaviest of all--and the scene around his premises is a heart-rending one. At the back of the house lay the ashes of his once fine stables, coach houses, and barns, and amongst them the charred remains of buggies, sociables, carts, drays, harness, saddles, farming and dairying implements pigs, sheep, fowls, dogs - a huge smouldering mass -while his surrounding paddocks are covered with grey ashes and black and smoking cinders. In this sad destruction the aboriginal woman, " Sally," who had been reared by the family, lost her life. Mr John's loss is also great, and the old man, who is over 95 years old, was with difficulty saved. Messrs Scott, Peck, Anderson, Hennessy, and other residents on the west side of Comleroy Road, managed by great and perilous efforts, to save their houses ; but they have sustained heavy losses by destruction of stock and fences. 