Stock Movements and Weather Reports. NEW SOUTH WALES. ( From our correspondents.) Blackville, Jan. 18. — A. heavy storm of rain fell yesterday about; Four o'clock, when ono hundred and twenty-five points fell. Later on another storm fell, accompanied by heavy peala of thunder. Rain fell through the night, and this morning the amount o£ rainfall ia all was one hundred and sixty-nine points. This rain will do the country good. Jan. 22. — Rain has fallen since half-past 9 o'clock on Sunday morning up to nine this morning almost continuously. The quantity registered for forty-eight hours has been 4 inches and 21 points. The low lands are submerged, having a thorough soaking, and the gullies and creeks are running strongly. This is the best rainfall we have had for a considerable time. No mails are expected to-day from Tambar rfprijgs or -Willow Tree through the state of the creeks and roads. The weather has broken somewhat since morning, but is still cloudy. Cassilis, Jan. 18. — A nice ram has fallen during the past few days, and it is still showery with every appearance of continuing. 100 points were legis tered since Tuesday. Jan. 21.— Rain has been falling since yesterday. 175 points have been registered, and it is still raining steadily, with every appear ance of continuing. This opportune fall will do an incalculable amount of good. Jan. 22. — Heavy rain fell all night ; 255 points recorded. The river is a banker ; Sydney and Mudgee mails are detained owing to the Munmurra River being uncrossable. The water is now subsiding. Light showers con tinue to fall. Denman, Jan. 22. — River still rising. No rain since 3 p.m. Light showfr now. Jan. 23. — The weather is now fine ; river falling fast. Dubbo, Jan. 18. — The weather during the week has been very hot. SuDday and Monday the ther mometer went over the hundreds. Tuesday was also oppressive. Towards evening the sky clouded, and it looked like rain, but about 7 o'clock the wind rose, and there was no rain. Thecountry looks well, though the danger of bush-fires is causing some anxiety. Stock movements are few. 100 fat cattle, sold by Mr. W. Gardiner, Ellengerah, and .5000 fat sheep, disposed of by the same gentleman, are coming to the Dubbo Refrigerating Works to be treated. They are said to be splendid quality. From the | Bogan a small lot of old sheep are coming to be boiled down. They belong to several owners. Gunnedah, Jan. 21.— Splendid general rains set in again yesterday, continuing all day, and there is no sign of abating. Over 160 points were re corded so far, giving a total of over four inches since the beginning of the year. The country is looking magnificent, and feed growing luxuriantly. Jan. 21.—455 points of rain fell since three o'clock yesterday, and the river is rising. The rain will do much good, and it is still raining steadily.—Four hundred fat bullocks from Tyrconnell Downs, in charge of Watson, are approaching, consigned to Bacon and Co. Kempsey, Jan. 21.— Rain has fallen almost un ceasingly since Friday, five hundred and nineteen points having been registered. Between here and Port .Macquarie, in the direction of Rolland's Plains, all the low country is submerged; and below Port Macquarie the water is over the tops of the fences. Nearly 10 inches of rain were registered at the Port, and the prospects of continued rain and further floods are terrifying the farmers. The weather is still cold and stormv. .Tnn 2a. — The worst fears are likely to be realised. Since Monday morning 529 points of rain have fallen in Kempsey, resulting in the complete immersion of all the low lands, and the plains between here and Fredericktcwn are under water. The river has risen 8 feet, covering the wharves. At Bell brook nearly 4 inches have been recorded and the river is up 8 feet G inches. Nulla Creek iB 9 feet high, and the mails which left here for Sydney on Monday night were returned, the coach being unable to cross the flooded creeks, which are bankers every where. At Port Macquarie 972 points rain fell since Saturday. At Laurieton 1223 points were registered, and rain is falling at the rate of one inch an hour. A wire from the Bellinger states that a big fresh is in the river, and a serious flood is feared everywhere. Stock owners are shifting their cattle to high ground, and farmers are secur ing their produce. This morning rain fell here at the rate of nearly one inch an hour, with no pros pects of a break. Laurieton, Jan. 22. — The flood. .here is the highest ever known, and great damage has been done to farms. Many people had to leave their homes. The house of Mr. J. Laurie is full of refu gees. Twelve and a quarter inches of rain fell during Monday night. Muswellbeook, Jan. 21.— Incessant rain has i fallen here since Saturday afternoon, and is con tinuing. One hundred and forty points have fallen. Jan. 22. — River 21ft., rising. Like rain. Jan. 23. River 1 feet, and falling. Narrabri, Jan. 18. — 70 points of rain fell during a thunderstorm yesterday. It waa accompanied by heavy gusts of wind which did considerable damage to the show ground and racecourse properties. There are indications of a further.rainfall. Jan. 22. — 152 points of rain fell here dnring yesterday and last night, making a total of 31 inches since Thurs day last. This will do an immense amount of good throughout the district, and there is every appear ance of a farther fall. Stewart's Brook, Jan. 19. — The weather has taken a change. After six weeks of dry weather we have been favoured with a nice shower which, though not nearly sufficient, has greatly freshened things up. Seldom has our field looked so bare and burnt up. Even on the tops where grass usually keeps all the year the feed is short and scarce. Of late a great lot of stock has been put on the country surrounding the field, so the scarcity of grass is keenly felt. Almost all the ground has been leased for pastoral purposes, and stock up till lately have done well. In a few places only has any ringing or clearing been done, but where these improvements have been made the quality and quantity of feed is plainly seen. Singleton, Jan. 20. — The threatening aspect of the weather for the past week eventuated last night in one of the most delightful and seasonable rain falls which wa have been favoured with this summer. Up to 9 a.m. 116 points were recorded at the post office for tho past week, most of which fell last night. The rain still continues. It is a splendid penetrating rain, and will do an immense deal of good to all kinds of crops, and also revive our pastures and stimulate the growth of grass. Jan. 22. — 449 points of rain fell during the night. The river is rising, and there are fears of a flood. Jan. 23. — The river rose to 41 feet 6 in. ; now fall ing. The water ia in the gutters of George-Btreet as far as Mr. A. C. Robinson's furniture shop,' White's lane, and Macquarie Place lane. The weather is fine. Tentervield, Jan. 19. — A heavy thunderstorm passed over to-day, when 170 points of rain fell. Yaeuaman, Jan. 21. — Splendid rain foil sinoe yesterday, the total to ten o'clock this morning being 225 points, the amount fallen since the 28th last month being over six inches. Grass and water are sure things for the wintor, the present rain being general on the plains. 