LOCAL AND GENERAL. Daily Train- Service. — On and after 1st November, . trains will leave Perth for Geraldton, and'Geraldton for Perth daily. Sudden Death at Menzies.— On Wed" nocrlfl.v evening a man named James Pep- uerill dropped dead in front of Menzies Hotel. An inquiry was held, when a ver dict was returned that deceased died from apoplexy. . Departure. — Mr. Michael Davitt and Mark Twain left Melbourne for Maoriland yesterday. Ball at the Cross. — A Catholic ball was held in the Mechanics' Institute on the 16th inst., and was a great success, the attendance .. being large, while all present appeared to thoroughly enjoy them selves. Revenue Returns. — The total revenue collected for the month amounts to <£123,922, as against £84,070 for the cor responding month of last year. Small-Pox. — There are six cases of small-pox in Sydney, apart from two cases which are under observation. The disease was introduced by the Cuzco. Telegraphic Interruption. — Owing to an extensive bush-fire between Israelite Bay and Eyre, the intercolonial telegraph line was again interrupted during the week. Inquest. — An inquest was held at Oool- gardie on Wednesday on the body of Peter Nelson, who was found on the Hannan's road, by the side of his waggon and team. A verdict.was returned that deceased met his death by . the ' waggon wheel passing over him. Fatal Fight. — On Tuesday last, at the 45-Mile, a storekeeper named Michael Doogan was killed, the result of a brawl between himself and a man named McCarthy. The matter was reported in Coolgardie, and two constables and Dr. McNeil have proceeded to the scene. Twenty-five Lashes. — Munday J arrah, was sentenced by the Cue Bench the other day to receive twenty-five lashes, and to go to Rottnest for five years. He was charged with throwing a spear at Constable Pollard, and also with having looted miners' camps. The Dean Case. — The closing scenes in connection with this extraordinary case are drawing to a close. On Saturday last Dean was sentenced to 14 years' penal ser vitude for perjury, and to five years for having made a false declaration. The sentences are concurrent. Typhoid at the Cross.— Over eight cases of typhoid have . recently been ad mitted to the local hospital, while four per sons are stated to have left for Perth, hav ing been assured that they had taken it. Mr. Pepper, the Postmaster, is also laid up with fever. . . : . Movements of Ministers. — The' Attor ney General left town last . Tuesday for Geraldton, accompanied by the Minister! for Mines. Mr. Burt goes to Carnarvon to meet his constituents,, and Mr. _Wit-; tenoom to' the Murchison. Both Ministers will be away about a month. League of the Cross. — The usual; weekly meeting of the League of the! Cross, Perth branch, interrupted this week ; on account of the Mission at North Perth, j will be resumed on Monday next. " i Interesting Ceremony — We have been asked to. draw the attention of our readers : to an advertisement in another column, notifying that his Lordship- the Bishop: will lay the foundation-stone of the new - Christian Brothers' College on Sunday at 4 p.m. - - t : Accident at Jarrahdale. — One of th employes at Mill No. 5,' Jarrahdale, me with a terrible accident. While working at night, he backed on to a large circular saw, with the result that his left arm was so terribly injured that amputation was found necessary. The poor fellow was conveyed to Perth, and is doing fairly well. Goldfields Water Supply. — The en gineer in charge of water supply has re turned from the goldfields. He states that before very long, there will be a plen tiful supply of water at Kalgoorlie. Two condensers have been erected, and four new bores are bo be put down; and from these , and other sources it is anticipated there -will be an adequate supply of water forthcoming. Inspectors of Mines. — Messrs Thomas Fowler and Frank Reed have been ap pointed. Inspectors of Mines under the Mines Regulation Act, which was passed during the recent session. Both gentle men have had considerable practical ex perience. The salaries amount to £375 per annum, with travelling expenses. Attempted Murder by a Black. — News received from Hall's Creek states that a miner named William Meyerhoff, was speared by wild blacks on the 20th inst. He was lying down reading, and hearing a noise, looked round, only to see a native pointing a spear at his chest. The native threw the spear, which entered a little below the left shoulder.. The flinb spear-head, which measured over 2 inches at length, was extracted after, much difficulty. More Emigrant Girls. — Forty-nine emigrant girls left London for Western Australia on the steamship Warrigal on the 18th October. The manner in which the immigrant girls have been received in Fremantle in the past does not reflect creditably on the Department under whose auspices they were introduced, and we trust proper provision will be made for the reception of those shortly to arrive. Northam Show. — The Agricultural Show held on Wednesday was a great success, the attendance being very large. At the luncheon, Sir John Forrest delivered an important speech with regard to water conservation, and stated that he hoped next session the Government would be able to introduce some legislation which would have the desired effect. Death of Sir James Patterson. — Sir James Patterson, who has been suffering from an attack of influenza, died on Wed nesday afternoon. Sir James entered Par liament in 1871, and has represented Castlemaine ever since. He has been an important factor in the political life of the colony of Victoria, having been a member of several Ministries. Sir James was Pre mier in 1893, but was ousted by Mr. Turner the following year. He. was regarded as one of the ablest debaters in the House, and possessed natural qualifications which fitted him as a leader. Fremantle Catholic Schools' Annual Picnic. — A strong committee of ladies and gentlemen has been formed to make neces sary arrangements in connection with the above, which is to be held at Subiaco on Wednesday, 6th November, and in order to make the outing as successful as its prede cessors, the committee respectfully solicit the co-operation of not alone the parents of the children, but their cousins, and their uncles, aunts and friends. Arrangements have been made with the Railway Depart ment for a special train to leave Fremantle on that morning at 8.25 a.m., returning from Subiaco1 at 5.25 p.m. Agricultural Show. — On Wednesday and Thursday next, the annual show of the Royal Agricultural Society will be held at Guildford. The exhibition, which in cludes horses, cattle, sheep, swine, poultry, dairy produce, agricultural implements, agricultural produce, fruits, vegetables, flowers, colonial wine, waggons, saddlery, etc., promises to be the most extensive and interesting yet held in the colony. The general public will also find much to interest them in the horse parades, hunters' high jumping, and log-chopping contests. The programme of each day's proceedings will be found elsewhere, from which it evident that every provision has been made to ensure a really successful meeting. Special trains will run to the ground. Death from Thirst.— Another tragic death from thirst is reported from the : goldfields. It appears that a young man named Williams set out from Mount Ida to Coolgardie, apparently in the best of health. Shortly after starting he passed two prospectors named Wilson and Daly, who were making the same journey on foot. When about forty miles out, they were surprised to see Williams' bicycle on the road, and saw tracks where he had started to walk. Some miles further on they discovered his boots lying on the road, then they saw where he had eventually started to crawl on his hands and knees. A little further on they came upon his dead body. The two men who' found Williams are of opinion that he died from thirst and exhaustion. He had evidently crawled on his hands for several miles, and would appear to have made a brave struggle to reach Menzies. The police have gone out to bury the body, and make inquiries as to how deceased met his end. Goods Shed Employes Dismissed. — The great dissatisfaction that has existed amongst the employes in the goods de partment at Southern Cross reached the climax on the 25th October. It appears the men were requested to work overtime for the same rate of pay per hour granted them for the usual night hours. "Vigi lant," in the Southern Cross Herald , writes thus concerning the matter : — " As a natural consequence, the men refused to comply with such despotic measures on the part of their sordid employers, with the result that they were all suspended by the aforesaid parties pending advice from head-quarters. Instead of the advice discountenancing such action by the stationinaster, and immediately instituting enquiries as to the justice or otherwise of the goodshed hands' demands, it consisted of a prompt dismissal of them, without notice or compensation for their long standing grievances. The action of those placed in authority cannot be too strongly deprecated, not solely on account of the glaring injustice done to their employes, who only "stuck out" for Is. an hour overtime, and were willing to continue on at the same rate for the ordinary eight hours. Every, description of skilled labour and artizan in or about the Cross, whether to be a practical and experienced miner, or an amateur, in the art of excavating payable stone, a. first-class tradesman or an indif ferent one, receives, at the very least, 10s. per day of eight hours, and overtime at a slightly advanced rate, but the unfortunate permanent goodshed hands are compelled to work eight hours at lOJd. an horn-, and work, done before or after the appointed time | to do it, is paid for at the same rate, which on the face of it is illogical and; : should perforce be immediately rectified." The railway workers are miserably paid, j overworked, and treated with scant con-. ; sideratioh, which points to the necessity of union on their part, so that they may be in a position to urge their claims for just : consideration at the hands of the Depart ment. League of the Cross, Fremantle. — The usual weekly meeting of the League of the Cross was held on Monday evening last, in St. Fatrick's Hall. Fr. O'Ryan, the President of the Association, occupied the chair, and in the course of a short address referred to the conference on the liquor traffic which was held in the City Temperance ITall in Perth recently. He much regretted for the cause of Temper ance in general chat the scheme propound ed by the Very Rev. Fr. Gaughren, that of "Substitution," was not adopted at that conference. The Rev. Fr. Gaimhron thought that some of the schemes discuss ed, particularly that of State purchase, was simply drawing a ied herring across the path of temperance, inasmuch as it was well known to be thoroughly unprac tical. However, he hoped that some good would result from the convention. In his closing remarks, Father O'Ryan made an earnest - and stirring appeal to those present to become total abstainers. Bazaar at Nortiiam. — On Thurday Sir John Forrest opened the bazaar and fancy fair, being held in the Temperance Hall> Northam. The object sought is to clear the debt of £1,500 upon St. Joseph's Convent. Mr. J. T. Reilly, in introducing the Premiei', referred to the excellent work done by the Convent in imparting a super ior education to those of the youth of the district who were able to avail themselves of the privilege of attending tho schools. Sir John Forrest said it afforded him much pleasure to take part in any effort that was made to assist the Sisters of St. Joseph in the self-sacrificing work which they performed for the good of the com munity. The Premier also referred to the commutation grant, stating that the schools had acquired vested interests, and lie had considered that to take these interests without the payment of equitable com pensation would have heeu a wrong course to pursue. After a few further remarks, he declared the bazaar and fanoy fair open. Presentation to Father Treacy. — Father Treaey, who has been located in Northam for some time past, was recently the recipient of an address and purse of sovereigns from the members of the congregation. Father Deasey, in making the presentation, remarked that the large gathering assembled bore eloquent testi mony in itself that the remembrance of che great good their departing pastor had done still lingered in their hearts. In returning thanks, Father Treacy delivered a feeling speech, and stated that no matter where he went he always found a generouB and kind people. A more generous people he could scarcely hope to find, except perhaps in Ireland. Not only in Northam had he found a generous hospitality but also in Newcastle. It was not to the town alone he attributed this present instance of generosity, but to the bush district also, he "should say. Many kind words had been said by Father Deasey, but he would say that he was not worthy of them all. In his travels through this district he had to take in Northam and Newcastle, and he covered a distauco which amounted to something like 8,000 miles a year, and add to this sick calls lie , had about 17,000 miles a year to travel on horse back.' Whatever labours ho had perform ed here, however, in erecting buildings was not altogether attributable to him, but to their generous assistance. As to his successor, he must and did wish him every congratulation, and thought his successor would be Father Deasey. Cor poral Gee proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, and the proceedings closed. The Fremantle Fires. — At 4 o\\.-.!uek on. Sunday morning last, the fire bell rang out the alarm, and it was soon discovered that the large Railway Goods Shed was in flames. The fire was first discovered by a member of the harbor crew, named Jackson. The fire brigade, under Superintendent Fraser, was soon on the scene, and worked heroically to quell tho flames, as also did the fifty prisoners (with the Fremantle prison fire engine and hose) under Super intendent Hope. But the combined efforts of the two parties were inadequate to stem the flames, which travelled through the im mense building with lightning-like rapidity! The climax was reached when three loaded trucks of kerosene, which were standing- ou tho rails in the slied, were overtaken by the flames. The scene at this period was a magnificent ono, flames of variegated tints shooting up to a distance of over 100 feet. Dalgety and Co's , premises, which are in close contiguity to the goods shed, were saved by the exertions of the brigades. The destruction of the rail way goods shed and Queen's Warehouse involve an estimated loss of £40,000 to £50,000, the loss to the Government being put down approximately at £10,000. The value of the sheds is estimated at £6,000, and the trucks destroyed at from £3,0C0 to 1-4,000. Of the origin of tho fire there exists no knowledge whatever. It is known that there was a leaking cask of acid in the Queen's Warehouse, and also a quantity of wax matches. Work was carried on at the sheds till a late hour on Saturday night by gaslight, but the last men to leave the sheds say that there was no departure from bhe usual precautions in closing. Mer chants and consignees fix the aggregate losses in goods at from £50,000 to £00,000. About one o'clock on Monday morning Samson and Son's store was found to be in flames. The store was completely gutted, notwithstanding the efforts of the brigade.. The damage is estimated at £5,000. 