Katoomba ITe-ws. (BY OUR CORRESPONDENT.) THE BRASS BAND. The Brass Band was oat again on Satur day parading the streets, and, it being pay-" night at the mines, the town was quite lively. They have arranged a ball in aid of the band funds, to be held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Katoomba, on Eight-Hour Day, which promises to be a great success, as Mr. Ohristie, the bandmaster, is straining every nerve with new pieces, etc.. to make it such. PRESENTATION. Last Saturday evening Dr. Prangley was presented with an address and a purse of sovereigns as a mark of sympathy for being fined a few weeks back for using threatening language. The Bench then remarked that such a trivial case should not have come into Court, yet he was fined 40s, and they subscribed his expenses and presented him with a purse of sovereigns, there being present Hon. S. H. Hyam, M.L.C., Mr. Huey, and other townsmen The presenta tion was made by Mr. Huey on behalf of the subscribers, and the Doctor thanked them kindly for the present. BUSH TIRES, ^ The weather has been fearful here this week. On Tuesday last the wind freshened, and fires were burning in all directions, and townspeople were out trying to save property. The crematory and Davis' place and others were in' great danger, but the fire was beaten back by the many willing hands. A passenger from Mount Victoria reporta that whilst travelling through the fires, which were raging on both sides of the line, swept through the windows, and several of the passengers had their clothes burnt. It is very fortunate that not in one. single instance has the reserves here been damaged, thanks to the trustees for their oare. , POLICE COURT. . (Before Messrs. J. K. Oleeve, P.M., P. 0. Goyder, D. McKillop, 3. H. Hyam, Js.P.) William BaBter was summoned for cruelly ill-treating a mare by working it while suffering from a sore back at Katoomba on the 5th instant. He pleaded not guilty. Mr. Abigail appeared for defendant, and Mr. Montague for tbe prosecution. 'Senior-Constable ILiingworth, on oath, stated that he saw a chestnut mare in a butcher's cart on the 5th instant opposite the Police Station. Mr. Baster was in charge of the cart. When Constable White pointed out the sores on the back of the mare, and lifted the saddle of? her baok, he found it raw in several places, and matter running down from the sore. It was cruelty to work the mare while in that state. Cross-examined by Mr. Abigail: Con stable White lifted the saddle up from the sore, and then pulled it off. The belly-band may have touched the sore. Constable White, on oath, stated that he noticed a mare in a butcher's cart on the Great Western Boad, Katoomba, and saw matter running from under the saddle. He examined the mare's back, and found a large sore with a deep hole on the top. He considered the back had been sore for about a month. He lifted the saddle off the mare's back at the Police Station, in the presence of defendant and Senior Constable Illingworth. He considered it was cruelly ill-treating tbe mare to work it in that condition. Cress-examined by Mr. Abigail: He lifted the saddle off in the ordinary way, and no part of the saddle touched the sore while doipg so. He could take the saddle off a horse's back without it touching the back if the horse was 17 hands high. The height of defendant's mare is only about 15 hands high. For the defence, William Baster, on oath, stated that the mare now outside of the Court was his property. When he left home on the 5th instant he did not know that her back was sore. He had pads under the saddle to keep it from her back. The Bench inspected the mare, and Mr. Abigail said he would leave the matter in their hands, and asked them to take a lenient view of tbe case, as defendant was in poor circumstances. The Bench considered the oase proved, and imposed a penalty of £1, 9s costs, pro feesirual coBts £1 Is, in default 14 days in Parramatta Gaol. Defendant was allowed till Saturday to pay the fine. . James Daly was summoned by George Bobinson for wages due, £8417s 10s. Daly pleaded cause to show, and Mr. Montague appeared for plaintiff. George Bobinson, sworn, stated that he entered the employ of the defendant in i September of last year, at 20s per week, as groom and general servant. He had been in his employ up to September this year, and during that time he had received one payment of £15 by cheque, and there was a balance now due of £84 17s lOd, and he had asked defendant to pay him that amount, and he had neglected to do so. Cross-examined by defendant: At one .time I remember you telling me that yon oould not afford to pay me the full amount of wages, and you offered me 15s per-week, and I gave you notice, when you said, " Never mind, you can go on at the old rate of wages." James Daly, on oath, stated that the plaintiff had been in his employ this time about , 12 months, on a previous occasion for three yaars. He told him on the 28th i May that he could not give him more tliu.ii 20s per week. .Verdict for plaintiff for £28 3s*5<l, with coats 4s lOd, levy and distress. (Messrs. Goyder and McKillop here left . the Bench.) 'Thos Prangley v. George Edwards. "Plaintiff summoned defendant to find sure-. ' .ties to keep the peace for certain language alleged to have been used. Mr. Abigail for defendant, and Mr. Mon tague for plaintiff. Mr. Abigail took several objeotionB to the \- form, of-information as laid: First^ that there was no offence discloBed'in the infor mation ; Becoudi there was no suoh offence as declare and threaten ; third, the language should be in the first person, and not in the oblique tense ,* fourth, not an offence that could be laid under section 466 of the Criminal Amendment Act, etc. Mr. Abigail argued on tho first objection, and Mr. Montague replied, when the Bench upheld the objection, and the case was struck out. SMALL DEBTS COURT. Robert Coulson v. James H. Mitchell. Claim 8s 5d, goods sold. Defendant did not appear, and a verdict was given for plaintiff, and one witness 10s. William Eymill v. A. Hives.-Claim £16 10s. Wages case. Continued. Fahey and Ross v. Thos. Cook.-Claim 9s lid, goods sold. No appearance. Struck out. 