NOTES and NEWS. A daring attempt at robbery -was made at Cooran railway station early on Sunday morning. After the departure of the last train on Saturday night Mr. Maxwell, the station-master, locked up his office as usual and went to his home, situated some distance from the station. About 2 a.m. on Sunday residents in the vicinity heard an explosion, but no notice was taken of it, as it was thought to be a gun going off. When Mr. Max ' well went to the offioe in the morning he found the office door open, and that the door of the safe had been blown off, evidently by a charge of dynamite. Further examination revealed that the explosive had apparently been placed in the key-hole, then covered over with mud to increase the force of the concussion, and the fuse set alight. Anyway, the safe was blown open and the door was found lying at the other side of the office. The enterprising in dividuals who did this were, how ever, foiled, for Mr. - Maxwell, prior to leaving, had taken the money, (consisting of about £10 in cash, with postal notes etc. besides,) out of the safe and deposited it else where in the office, but the thieves did not happen to lay hands on it. They took a toy revolver out of the office drawer and two pennies that were lying on the table but left everything else intact. The reason the money was not left in the safe as usual was because two suspicous looking characters had been seen loitering about the place. On the Gympie police being informed of the occurrence Constables Bevan and Cahill rode down to Cooran, doing the journey of 16 miles, in an hour and twenty minutes. The two men referred to were arrested at Cooroy on a charge of selling goods without alicence, . and were brought up to Gympie yesterday. The Leader of the Opposition's aotion in giving_ notice that on the motion for the third reading of the Railways Bill to-day he will move for the recommittal of the bill, with a view of reducing the salary of the Commissioner from £3000 to £2000 per annum, will commend itself to many people who are opposed to him politically. It seems a downright absurdity to propose that the Railway Commissioner should be paid three times as much as the political head of his department, the Minister for Railways, fifty per cent more than our Supreme Court judges, with the exception of the Chief Justice, and be next to the Governor and the Chief Justice the best paid official in the land. Railway management in Queensland has not been conducted with such signal ability as to warrant a continuance or sucn liberality. It is very certain that during the orisis of 1893 a considerable amount of soreness was felt amongst the tax-payers of the colony that the highly paid Railway Commissioners could not be made to feel the policy of economy which had then to be applied to the Civil Service, and that they had not the patriotism to voluntarily their share of the burden, though they did not hesitate to make even indifferently paid railway servants feel its necessity. Times have happily improved since then, but the need for economy still exists very strongly, 1 ? Ml phvc 4n mnlro olnSfilV ana wxn uc ? „ scan the division list on Mr. Powers motion. At the Small Debts Court 'Toowoomba last week, George N. 'Walker, sheriff's bailiff, brought an action aginst the Brisbane Sun ' . newspaper for aUeged libel, in the shape of a personal paragraph, reflecting on his wife, and he claimed £50 damages. _ The bench : ' have a verdict for plaintiff for £o0 and costs, \- . v' ? . amounting |to £11 3s. 6d. Notice of appeal \- was given. ? At the Police Court on Saturday, before the P.M., P. Conlan pleaded guilty to attempting to travel on the railway without a ticket, and was fined' £1, in default fourteen days' imprisonment. Thomas Morrissey, on remand, was charged with being a neglected child. The police stated they did not wish to press the charge and Andrew Morrissey, the child's guardian, appeared and asked for his disoharge. The lad was accordingly dis charged. — Yesterday, before the P.M., Ernest Gladwood pleaded not guilty to cruelty to animals. Senior-sergeant . Carey, who pro secuted, gave evidence and the bench con sidered the case proved and fined aooused 10s, in default sevon days' imprisonment. Before the P.M. and Mr. W. Clark J.P.f Emanuel Gate, pleaded guilty to permitting the above horses to be worked while suffering from sore shoulders, was fined £1 10s, in default, four teen days' imprisonment. Robert Morrisse pleaded guilty to disorderly conduot in Reef street, and was fined 5s, or twenty four hours' imprisonment. An inebriate was remanded until this morning, while a prisoner brought up under the Yagraney Act was discharged, the police withdrawing the charge. From a private source we learn that a fire burnt out Messrs. Porter's paddock on Manumbar, and roasted three horses to death. Manumbar station has also lost a good deal of grass and all hands were out last week trying to keep the bush-fires back. W. R. Wright is gazetted a clerk on pro bation in the office of the C.P.S. Gympie. The first annual meeting of members of the Gympie Horticultural Society will be held this evening in the offices of Messrs. Gaston and Davidson. To-night the adjourned meeting of the Gympie Mining Managers' Association will be held, when proposed amendments to the by-laws and means of extending the useful ! ness of the body will be discussed. The following is the report of the Gympie hospital for the week ended yesterday : - Ad mitted, 2 males, 2 females; discharged, 2 males, one female ; remaining at date, 15 males, 10 females, total 25.- There were no deaths during the week. The semi-monthly sitting of the Small Debts Court was held yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, when the four eases set down for hearing were disposed of as follows : Two were withdrawn, one continued for service, and the other adjourned until October 6th. At the weekly meeting of the Debating Society last Friday evening, Miss Evans read a paper on ' Gympie.' The subject was well I handled and received much praise from most of the speakers who followed. It treated of the discovery of Gympie, its history, its ups and downs, etc., and also gave a very good description of the place as it now is. Mr. Price, who was set down to introduce remarks, was unable to be present, but sent along his version of it which was read by Miss C. Hood. He took for granted that the essayist would deal with the early history of Gympie and he therefore contented himself by making a start from the opening of the Maryborough Gympie railway and from that on he touched upon most of the interesting events in the history of Gympie. Both papers were very comprehensive and dealt with various matters inoluding politics and municipal affairs. Mr. Chappie followed with a. lengthy speech which was at times quite humorous. He dealt mostly with incidents which in the majority of cases showed that from its infancy even *to the present time the permanence of Gympie has been very much ' doubted while many of those who had faith in it made fortunes. The speaker showed that there always were, and are still, some people who consider Gympie as ' done ' ; notwith standing which it keeps going ahead. A number of speakers followed, and tune was up before all had had their say. Miss Evans was called upon to reply ; but instead, read some letters from early issues of the Nash ville Times. In closing the debate, the chairman, Mr. W. I. Carloss, spoke in praise of the essay and also in flattering terms of Gympie as a place to live in. Instrumental and vocal music was also indulged in during [ the evening. The attendance was large. The subje it for next Friday, which in augurates a new term of six nights, is ' The Life and Writings of Byron' by Mrs. Robinson. - The dispute in the Toowoomba Workers' Political Organisation has culminated in the resignation of Mr. Dillon (president), Mr. Tobin (vice-president), Mr. Harding (secre tary), six members of the committee, and twenty-three ordinary members. His Excellency the Governor, speaking at Sandgate on Friday last, said that he had heard much of the larrikinism of Australia, but he had not seen much of it in Queensland. For sick headache put a teaspoonful o* liquid ammonia in a eup of hot water ; it will have a milky look. Take a teaspoonful every hour or half -hour, if needed ; it gives great relief. Mr. McCormick, late chief of one of' the Government Travelling Dairies, is now in the Bundaberg district trying to establish a Butter and Cheese Factory. The local Agricultural Society have resolved to heartily recommend his scheme to the farmers and dairymen of the district. Mr. and Mrs. A, E. Maddock, who rode on their bicycles all the way from Sydney to Brisbane, following the coast route, a distance of nearlv 700 miles, arrived on Saturdav morning. Their daily records were 80 miles, 70 miles, and several GO's. . The bequest of £2000 to the Rockhampton Hospital, made by the late Mr. Mulligan, has been paid into the court. It will realise £1760, the remainder, £240, being, absorbed in probate duty and expenses. The Hon. John F. M'Dougall, of Rosalie Plains, has, owing to continued- ill health, resigned his seat, as a member of the Legislative Council, which he has held since separation? Several Charters Towers riflemen are leaving for Brisbane to take part in the Rifle Association matches. Mr. Davitt has cabled another £1000 from Sydney to Mr. Justin M'Carthy, the amount being largely made up of the pro ceeds of his lectures in Queensland. Sunday was observed in New South Wales as a day of humiliation and prayer for rain, and special services were held in all the Protestant churohes. One hundred bales of greasy wool, weigh ing nearly 18 tons, were brought into Narrabri (N.S.W.) recently on one waggon drawn by 18 horses. Mr. James Mirams, a well known exmem ber of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, has commenced an action against the proprietors of the Argus, claiming £10,000 damages for an alleged libel contained in an article published on the 11th instant, on the election for South Yarra province, in which reference was made to the Premier Perma nent Building Society. The profit derived by the Melbourne Cricket Club from the visit of Stoddart's team was over £3900. The club has now 2908 members. From the Northern Territory of South Aus tralia news comes that some blacks made a raid on a Chinaman's garden some twelve miles from Wyndham on Thursday. They speared a native, in the service of the China man in the neck, killing him, and the blacks theu looted the house, taking a shot gun and a revolver away. It is supposed that the blacks had a spite against the Chinaman. -? Saturday's Leadeb contains a page of beautiful illustrations of fancy dancing by children, and introduces an explanatory article with the following common sense observations : — However Puritans may frown, dancing will always be recognised as an elegant and graceful amusement. Like other good things, it may be liable to aBuse, but constrained within proper limits the art of saltation will never be wanting in adequate representation. The subject of our page of illustrations deals with the branch known as juvenile dancing. There are few things prettier than to see the little ones animated and eager to excel trying to master the intri cacies of the steps and postures into whioh Mrs. Green, the Misses Hyams and other well-known terpsichorean professors in Mel bourne are striving to initiate them. Fancy dancing is highly popular here, and the training is to be recommended on physical grounds, as it helps to give grace and plianoy to the figure. The number of those who are interested maybe gathered from the estimate? that the numerous classes in the city and metropolitan suburbs include 3000 children. Members of Temperance organisations will appreciate the following story clipped from an Amerioan paper : -The late Bishop Doane was strongly opposed to prohibition, and his sideboard was lined with brandy, wine, &c.; On one occasion the Rev. Mr. Perkins, of the Sons of Temperance, dined with the Bishop, who, pouring out a glass of wine, desired him to drink with him. ' Can't do it'. Bishop. 1 Wine is a mooker.' ' ' Take a glass of brandy, then.' ' No. ' Strong drink is raging.' ' By this time the Bishop, becoming excited, remarked to Mr. Perkins, ' You'll pass the decanter to the gentleman next to you.' 'No, Bishop, I can't do that,' was the reply; ' ' Woe unto him that putteth the bottle to his neighbour's lips.' ' An eleotrio headlight for locomotives has been invented which provides for driving the dynamo by a compound steam turbine - of very high speed, exceedingly simple, com pact, and light, weighing only 200 lb. There is nothing to get out of order about it, and nothing to wear out except the bearings. ' The dynamo and engine are cast together, and the armature is mounted directly on the engine shaft, which runs at 2000 revolutions per minute. The lamp used feeds the carbon in a novel manner, having no gears or dutches about it.' . Saturday's Telegraph mentions that the right, title, and interest of the trustee in the insolvent estate of Mr. Z. D. S. Skynng, under the will of the late Mr. Daniel Skynng, of one-fortieth share or interest in the freehold property known as The Minories, was sold at auction by Messrs. James R. Dickson and Co., on Saturday. The purchaser was Mr. Z. D. S. Skyring, acting for the Hon. James Cow lishaw, M.LjC., and the price paid was £83. Mb. Anneae's Humor.—' My honourable colleague ' is how Maryborough's own Jack commences his address to the House when he intends to knock the stuffing out of Mr. Charlie Powers. And he did sit on him, too, and no mistake, for being the only member who had treated the question from a party point of view, and who had made an attack on the Government. Then he launched out and made an excellent speech in support of Mr. Groom's motion. He pointed out that the Central Boys' State School cost £6,000. To raise the fifth of this was too much to ask any oommittee. The fifth part of the cost of re pairing it was like-wise too much. '? I know something about it,' said Honest Jack, '? for I was the contractor,' 'Is it still standing ?' queried the Hoolan substitute. ' Yes,' thundered Mr. Annear, j'. like myself it is cf.ill ofovi/luirt wlflmiif nv flow ' TllP I House, tickled with the smartness and humor of the repartee, laughed heartily. — Telegraph, Intercolonial Accounts. — A curious in cident regarding the separation of Queensland from New South Wales was brought out in the Parliament of the mother colony by Mr. Schey, who iu reply to questions, was in formed by the Colonial Treasurer that the separation took place on December 10, 1859. An act was passed in this colony to determine theportions of the public debt of New South Wales to be borne by the Colony of Queens land. The Queensland Government had previously passed an act to appoint Commiss ioners for the adjustment of accounts with the Colony of New South Wales, but the Queensland Legislative Assembly in 1S65 I declined to appoint Commissioners. Nothing I therefore has been settled. — Sydney Paper.. I A Perilous Voyage — A Reuter tele- gram, dated Gibraltar, August 5, says : — "The American sailing yacht Spray, which left Boston 36 days ago on a voyage across the Atlantic with the owner, Captain Slocum, as the only individual on board, arrived here yesterday from Fayal, which was reached in 21 days after leaving Boston. During the latter part of the voyage the Spray fell in with heavy gales but sus- tained no damage. 