Wat Hails Eete. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1896. AN AUSTRALIAN COPYRIGHT. The Australian people are not distin guished in the field of literature. There are a few who live by writing for the press, but those of them who have the inclination and the power to pro duce something more permanent have seldom the leisure to do so. And there is . another thing they need beyond the. in- 1 clinatioa and the power and that is the ; prospect of remuneration. Australia is a country ia which it can hardly ever pay a m-ai to write a book. One small parish in London is worth more to the author than all our colonies iere withNewZealand to boot, and one trip down Paternoster Row with a new book will sell moro copies in a couple of hours that would bo taken in Australasia, in a- twelve-month. If an Australian writes a good book and brings it out in England it may have a good run because of its merits, and the same may be said of a good book written in Nova Zembla or Timbuntoo ; but such books are rarely written in Australia, and, if they were brought out here first they would most of them die of dis eouragement and expense before they had the chance of being appreciated elsewhere. For works of fiction, whether confined to the compass of a magazine article or newspaper serial, or extended to the dimensions of a novel, there is a special lack of encouragement ; for an Australian magazine of the Cornhill type cannot pay its way, much less its contributors and the newspapers obtain for a few pounds the right of produc ing a new three-volume novel by an author of reputa, which at three jolumns a week, enjoys a six months axistence a3 a Saturday feuilleton. Thirty or forty pounds in the course of a year will provide the enterprising pro prietor of a daily journal with enough readable fiction by the be3b known authors to amuse his lady readers from. January to December. So the Aus tralian's ambition seldom looks that way. The materials for historical writ ing, whether of the Bketchy on tho more ambitiou3 kind, are better found in lands of older civilization, unless indeed the history be Australian; in which case the writer has it all to himself, and a very dull field it is. Essay writ ing and scientific treatises- are abundant in the books and periodicals which we import from Europe; while as for poetry, if published here, it would mean a loss of money to tho man with genius, and a loss of money and reputa tion to the man without. Notwithstanding all this, it may sur prise our readers to learn that, during our one century of Australian life, those colonies have produced 124 works of Australian history, 30 books about the native races, and 250 books of verses, some few of them characterised by genius. It is said that that country is happy which has no history j but, though. Australia has very little history, such as it has ia not very pleasant reading, for its longest passages treat of the common place and its shorter ones are tales of cruelty and misery. The stylo in which these books are written is usually crab bed and inelegant, not to say that they are some of them ill-arranged,, ungram matical and uninviting. There are few Australian histories which are not, to reading, what a meal of sawdust would be to eating;, nevertheless .we. muBt have such books in order to know 'where we are.' The poems, wiiaUie exception of four or five volumes which are destined to live, are mostly feeble imitations of the sentimental school or, when : locally colored, ring painful changes on the digger, the bush fire, the bushranger, the wattle bloom, the gloaming, the sun downer and the sunset. These com positions most of them contain words which, if otherwise arranged and properly connected with ideas, might go to make up poetry, but jumbled as they are, bear no nearer relation to poetry than the cottage kettle-holder does to. the tapestry which hangs in tho castle Of all tho books that Australia has pro duced, the books treating of the native races are likely to excite the most per manent and the widest interest. It is fortunate that they have been written before the races with which they deal have been civilized out of existence, or at least out of savagedom. The origin, migrations and history of the various races that people the earth and the origin and transitions of their lan guages is becoming more and more a subject of scientific interest, and the i-ustrahan contributions to this kind of earning are not the least in importance. With all thiB budding forth of intel lectual activity— albeit very seldom of the highest — it is worth while to con sider how very little iB done to encour age and protect it. With universities springing up in every Australian capital, teaching men and women (among other things) literature ancient and modern, one would think some thing might be .done towards th« encouragement of tho spirit thus aroused' and the uaf&guarding; the re sults of its action. An Australian copy right, however, does not exist. It might not be worth much if it did exist, but the separate colonial copyright is worth nothing. Each colony has its '\ separate statute for the protection of its own few boolv within its own bound ary, if an author thinks his work is not worth protection, he will not write it; if he wants even an Australian pro tection, he has to employ agents to register contemporaneously in six different centres. If he does not do this, but is content with his own colony, his work at once becomes a lawful prey to those beyond the boundary who may print and sell an edition with impunity. ' 8\\.n intercolonial copyright registration, common to all the colonies, at some place in any one of them— it little matters which — would cost little and would be a great boon. It is of little use Bowing the seed unless you can ' house the harvest. The people here ' are very inconsistent. No colony is so unimportant as not to want a university, and no interest is too small to have its qualifying body. Mo3t young men and some young women whom one meets are either examining or being examined. Thi3 is tho age of the rage for ' cul ture ' and yet, so far as such culture finds a literary manifestation it is left with no protection but what comes from chance or from tho worthlessness of its products. A few clauses Bcribbled by a lawyer and printed by a printer, and assented to by the several legislatures which are so keen for public instruction would do more to reward the efforts of the scholar than any number of ' bur saries,' prizes and ' exhibitions.' An Australian copyright law, of little pecuniary value to-day, for reasons which have been mentioned, is bound to exercise an immediate in fiuence and one which must increase with our learn ing and our population. 