SCIENTIFIC. INVENTION AND PATENTS. [Compiled for tho Chamber of Manufactures by Collison & Co., Lioeosed Patent Agents.] A new gunboat has beeu devised to sail in shallow water, and the inventor olaime for it the ad vantages of great speed, with a light draught of water, and a continuous and simul taneous firing on both Bides of guus speoially manufactured for the purpose, the crew all the time being undercover. By using Priest man's oil engine the inventor, a Hull engi neer, expeote to ensure a minimum of noiee. The guns are to be made on the spiral system, and the Earle's Shipbuilding Company are named as the probable manufacturers of the vessel. A Belgian inventor has devised an immense lamp, snob as has never been seen before. The lamp is oomposed of some 3,000 pieosB. It is 6 ft. high, and moasures 3 ft. 10 in. in diameter. It is fed with lard oil, and the oonsumption is said to be very email, its light being so powerful that one may read by it at a distance of 600 ft. An electrioal apparatus has been introduced in Amerioa on the Illinois Central Railroad for killing grass and weeds. A oar carries a dynamo plant and a sort of brush, consisting of a fringe of copper wireB dependiug from its front end, which is made long enough to extend to the end of the tyres, and oover the width of the traok. A pressure of 10,000 volts produced by a step-up converter is found to be sufficient to do the work effeotivcly. Steam and brine have both been tried for the purpose, but electricity is Baid to give the mors satisfactory results. Means for preventing or extinguishing grass fires have been patented by Messrs. Rogers & MoNally in this colony. The ap paratus consists of a water tank mounted on a movable frame provided with two pipes, one on eaob side, extending from it parallel to the axle, these pipes being provided with perfora tions at their outer ends for a suitable distance so as to form a spray. Situated between the two watered strips is plaoed a fireball or torch, whioh Bets fire to the grass between them, the strips preve iting the fire from spreading beyond the desired extent. To. proteot a homestaok, hayBtack, woolsbed, &o.;, a strip may be cleared of all material oapable of being ignited by taking the machine aronnd it. To oheck a bushfire a strip being burnt in advance will be found effective. _ A new shoe sole is being tried in the j German Army. It consists of a kind of paste of linseed oil varnished with iron filings, with which the soles of the new shoes are painted. It is said to keep the leather flexible and to give the shoe greater resistanoe than the best nails. 