Things in General. It is not often that a parcel of gold has to be hawked about in the endeavour to find an owner for it. Such, however, says the JV.A. Review (London) is the case at the present time in the North-Western Postal District of the Metropolis. On Monday last, a tin box insured for ^42, and labelled " Gold," which had come from Western Australia, was taken by the postman to a house in Allcroft Road, Kentish Town, and refused, as no such person as the one to whom it was addressed was known there. The direction on the wrapper was simply " To Betsy •" (as old Herodotus used to say, we know the name but shall not mention it), but no " Betsy " could be found, either at the number given or any other in the street or neighbourhood. As Allcroft Road is, we believe, a thoroughfare inhabited by people of the working class, the little present from some far-off son, brother, or perhaps sweetheart, would doubtless be very welcome to Mrs. or Miss Elizabeth, Betsy, or Bess, could the lady only be found to sign the receit for it and take it in. We give the matter this prominence, firstly in the hope, which is rather a faint one, that some of our readers may happen to know the person to whom this little parcel is addressed, and secondly, as the Review is read on every goldfield in Australia, to let the sender know that his present has miscarried. As some one sees us ! The Coolgardie Pioneer reporting a dinner, given by German residents of that field to the German experts has the following :—" Dr. Vogelsang delivered himself of a speech provocative of great laughter and merriment. He had received by the latest European mail a clipping from a German newspaper, containing information which had been contributed by an individual in Perth. The readers of the journal in question are treated to an astounding story of incredulous danger and un- paralleled weath. Siberia Jackey is described as the greatest monstrosity that ever trod the earth. He is stated to be travelling around Coolgardie slaughtering white men by scores, and pictured as a powerful blackfellow who bears a charmed life. So great, indeed, is the daring of this nigger, that the thousands of people resident on the field are in fear of their lives, and horror-stricken at the scores of victims already placed to the account of the terrible Jackey of Siberia. In referring to the golden treasures of the field, the veracious correspondent alludes particularly to the Twenty-five Mile district, where gold is being obtained in such quantities that the diggers have to employ camels to bring it in to Coolgardie. The paragraph concludes with the confident assertion that when all the gold is taken away from Coolgardie, the population will move on to Kimberley, where similar treasure- troves exist. The same correspondent also pitches a tale of scarcity of provisions and fearful high prices, a terrible famine only being averted by the arrival of " two caravans of camels " from Adelaide. The reading of this soberly-printed extract was interrupted by continual outbursts of laughter." The English Church in Fremantle seerr.s to be waking up a bit. Archdeacon Watkins opened up St. Mary's Mission Room, Noith Fremantle recently. It is eventually to be a Church, but at present money is scarce. The people of Ballarat are said to have made their road» of gold-bearing quaitz. The Cue miners, not to l»e bealen, have built a Church of the same expensive material. If they ever get hard up, the Church might be " crushed." The Gambling Bill is likely to be thrown out by the Queensland Upper House. Nearly all the. tickets in the great Albans' lottery have been disposed of. St. Messrs. Burston and Hunter, the cyclists, have reached Sydney on their way to New Zealand. The former toured the world on his " bike " a couple of years rgo. Sydney is supplying one of the. largest continental cities with wood paving. What about jarrah ? The complete skeleton of a man has been discovered in a cave in the King County, N.Z. It must have stood over 9ft. high. A boiler explosion at the Eaglehawk Consolidated mine, Maldon (Vic.), carried the boiler 200 yards, and wrecked the buildings. The workman got clear in time but a passing Chinaman in endeavoring to arrest the progress of the flying boiler was killed. A bill is being introduced into the New Zealand Parliament to enact that no man or woman shall be sued for any debt below <£20. The collection of rare books and manuscripts presented by Sir George Grey to the Free Public Library in Auckland, N.Z., is valued at ^30,000. A marble statue to cost £12,000 is to be eree'ed to the memory of Sir George in Auckland. At a recent parliamentary election in Auckland, N.Z., of 9107 votes recorded 4938 were by male and 4171 by female voters. How is that for Women's Franchise ? So severe have the losses of stock in New Zealand been in consequence of the snowfalls that applications are being made for the reduction of rents. Ducks, geese and rabbits were frozen by the hundred. The annual report of the Victorian Railway Commissioners shews a net profit of ^1,038,198, but there is a deficiency in the interest account of ^380,048. In other words the railways have lost over £1000 per day. The percentage of working expenses to 56-67 as against 57.13. The revenue was £18,000 short of the estimate. The Royal Commission enquiry into the Victorian Railways has reported in favor of an outside board of management. Owing to the bushfires in New South Wales several of the collieries have had to be shut down. Reynolds of Auckland, is to represent the New Zealand cyclists at the N.S.W, meeting. About 40 aboriginals and half castes have been engaged by the proprietors of the Hill River Station (S.A.) to shear this season. Mr. Michael Davitt has cabled another £1000 to Mr. Justin McCarthy as the further proceeds of his Australian lecture. Warden Jephson of Kalgoorlie telegraphs to the Lands Department that the sale of Crown Lands reached ^21,251, thirty-three town lots averaging ^627. Much interest is being taken in connection with the forthcoming elections for the newly created North Fremantle Constituency. The Tasmanian Legislative Council has rejected a Bill to tax the unimproved value of land. Mr. D. Troughton, Stipendiary Magistrate of New South Wales, sued Mr. A. Mcintosh, a storekeeper of Mudgee for libel, and recovered ^300 damage?. Defendant alleged that plaintif! was parti,U in his decisions. A proposal is on foot to light Port Adelaide by electricity. It is said the proprietors of some of the big English Colleries are investing largely in the Colliery Companies of Victoria. Another poisoning c.ise has occurred in Queensland at Balranald. Six. persons are suffering from the effects of arsenical poisoning. The Victorian Railways Commission proposes to recommend the construction of narrow guage railways. The Wallsend Miners Lodge has decided to rejoin the Miners Association. Jack Mack, the oldest aboriginal in Narandera (N.S.W,), died at that place recently. He was 90 years of a^e and a total abstainer. Mr. Michael Davitt has been presented with a gold watch and silver epergne as a Sydney recognition of his services on behalf of Ireland. "The Bitter Cry of Coolgardie" is the title of a Plain English " article in the Bulletin, in which West Australians are referred to as " vampires," " oppressors," " robbers," and sandal wooden-headed W.A's." The writer of the article is "desperate," and is determined to separate himself from the colony. By the way the Mayor Elect of Perth, the Hon. H. J. Saunders has become, according to the Bulletin, H. J. Samuels. A man named Bosanka fell down Elder's shaft at the Wallaroo mines on September 10 and was killed. A mob of 2,300 sheep has arrived at Isralite Bay from Soi'th Australia en route for Coolgardie. It is stated there are 3,000 unemployed in Sydney. A cow was responsible for derailing a train near Rosebery (Victoria) last week. One carriage containing 16 passengers fell on its side and w.as completely wrecked. Several of the passengers were injured, the most serious being Mr. Talbot, commercial traveller, Melbourne ; Mr. Johnson, solicitor, Hopetoun ; Mrs. Scarlet, Goyura. The Roman Catholic Chapel at Rushworth (Vic.) was burnt down on September 16. The Queensland railways are having such a busy time that the rolling stock has proved unequal to the requirements. Frederick Whitely shot his wife at Dubbo on Sunday week and then cut his throat. He murdered his wife because she was always nagging at him. Cura Calva, instant corn cure, is. Dr. James' little pink liver and kidney pills, is. Oliver's Darcoo lîlood M ixture, efleclir.il, 2s. 6d. City Phamacy, Hay Street, near Barrack Street, Perth. The watchman of tlie New Moon mine, Bendigo, was seized and gagged a few days ago while some burglars stripped the battery of the copper plates. Three men also tried to break into the battery of the Johnson's Reef claim but were frightened off by the watchman producing his revolver. The battery of the Prince of Wales and Bonshaw mine, Ballarat, was also robbed during the week. In all cases the miscreants shewed considerable knowledge of the work of the batteries, Sunday week was a day of humiliation and prayer for rain in New South Wales. In some districts water has to be brought great distances by rail. Hundreds of settlers are ruined by the drought and the bushfires. The month is known as " Black September." Produce of all kinds has had to be heavily imported from Victoria and a rise in the price of cereals is imminent. Sir James Garrick has been appointed a member of the Queensland Supreme Court Bench. The brigantine Zeno foundered off Lord Howe Island on the 6th in st., but the crew was saved. The Zeno sailed from Auckland. The Murray is in flood at Tocumwal and stretches over two miles of Victorian territory. The Victorian Institute of Journalists is calling sundry members of the local Assembly to order for remarks about the Press and Pressmen. The repeal of duties in N.S.W. has been postponed until the Bill is assented to. An old woman named Stenson, found dead in a house in Pitt Street, Sydney, evidently starved herself to death. £70 in £10 notes was found sewn up in her pockets. A Chinese resident on the Lower Burdekin (Queensland) has been found suffering from leprosy. Charlie Bannerman is to be engaged as coach to the (Q.) Cricket Club. British capitalists have offered to find £100,000 for an electric installation at Brisbane. The British steamer Foochow has been wrecked on the North East of the promontory of Shantung. The National Defence League of S.A., founded on the lines of the Primrose League is progressing rapidly. A Mormon colony has established itself at Hastings (Vic.) and many additions are being The first annual banquet of Queenslanders in W.A. takes places at Jacoby's Cafe de Paris, Perth this (Friday) evening. We are reminded that the object of this is only to provide an annual gathering and not to secure the formation of a society. Mr. Montgomery, the Tasmanian Government Geologist, has been granted leave of absence in order to report on the mines under offer to Messrs. " Billy " Jones and Millar. The N.S.W. revenue returns for the past week show a decrease of £1000. The body of a young man named Ryan, well-known in the Ballarat (Vic.) district was found some days ago suspended to a tree in the bush near Albury. An extraordinary case has been brought under the notice of the Sydney Benevolent Asylum authorities. A man applied for relief on the ground that he was the father of 17 children and that bis wife had given birth to triplets that morning making the family a score, while he had only a shilling in his pocket. Mr. E. G. M. Eddy has been re-appointed chairman of the N.S.W. Railway Commissioners for seven years at his old salary of £3000. An entire family named Wilson of Berry (N.S.W.) were poisoned through eating potatoes over which aconite had been thrown by one of the children. Six had to be taken to the hospital. * The blacks have given much trouble at Peake Hill recently. A black boy has been eaten by the aboriginals. It is stated that the notorious King Billy of the tribe, Noorabiddi, is meditating systematic outrages. The third section of the Coolgardie line reaching, a distance- of something like GO miles will be open for traffic in about a fortnight. The Gladstone (Q.) Meat Company has entered into an engagement with an English Company to freeze 16,500 bullocks at the rate of 75 per day. Frank Gannaway, the ex-Victorian clergyman found guilty of incest has been sentenced to seven years imprisonment. He had a legitimate family of 1G and an illegitimate family by his daughter of several more. Scene : The Fremantie Railway Station. Dramatis Persona. Two Railway porters and a lady, well-known to Freman tie Society. Lady (very tired, and wishing to sit on a luggage truck—the only seat available) : Have you a duster please with which I may dust this place ? Porters grin audibly, but make no further response. A bystander, who is going bathing, dusts the truck with his towel. Such subordinates must be a trial to that muchbused, hard-working official, Mr. Davies. Much interest is being taken in the Land >ale to be held at Cottesloe Beach on Saturlay week, by Messrs Hall, Dallen & Todd, limited. We know of no place within distance of Fremantle more likely to quickly iprove both in appearance and value. The leposit of £2 required on each lot is so low Ihat we anticipate every allotment will be disposed of. The Auctioneers inform us (hat free railway tickets and light refresh- |nents for both ladies and gentlemen will be provided. The latest addition to the Hotel accommodation of Fremantle is the new Esplanade Hotel facing the Beach. This Hotel is under the management of Mr. Meadly. The arrangements for comfort are very thorough, the rooms are large, well aired and furnished. A capital cook has been secured, a number of bathrooms are provided, and in fact nothing has been overlooked. The aim of the proprietor is to make the "Esplanade" a first-class family hotel for country visitors and miners wishing to recuperate at the seaside. Messrs. Cargeeg, Dimant & Co., are having their Fremantle premises completely renovated, and every possible convenience added for the extra comfort of their customers. Their ntw window dresser, an artist for whom we have every admiration, will be at work early next week, and a pretty display of spring novelties can be expected. The Fremantle business is under the management of Mr. J. Aitken, a gentleman of considerable experience and tact, who is certain to build up a big business. The Rev. J. S. Clarke, of Sydney Divorce Court notoriety, has been dismissed by the Anglican Bishop. Upon his license as incumbent being revoked he has established a seige in his church. At the suggestion of Mr. Owen, Registrar of Friendly Societies, the Perth branch of the Australian Natives' Association, is proceeding to the election of a Board of Directors. Sir John Forrest has been nominated for the presidentship and Mr W E Marmion and Mr J A Diamond as vice-presidents. Mr J A Cavanagh has been selected as treasurer and Mr Sparrow as . secretary. A board of seven members will be elected in addition to these gentlemen. As soon as the Board is properly constituted over here efforts will be made to establish branches in various parts of the colony. Mr Walter James, M L A, who was elected president of the Perth Branch delivers what is really the inaugural address of the institution on Monday week and should be listened to with much interest. Another most successful " Hoot " of the Owl Club was held on Monday evening at Rosser's Pier Hotel. Fergus O'Connor, Pat O'Shaughnessy and Grady O'Flynn sang particularly well, and Jerry Fitzpannikin, the Owl's chief scratcher, recited admirably. Roderick Gilhooly presided at the piano, as only R.G. can, and rendered several of his inimitable coster songs to the great pleasure of the company. The Queensland Supreme Court has decided that a post- dated cheque can be presented at any date previous to that stated on the cheque and that the Bank upon which it is drawn must pay, if funds are in hand, to meet the payment on its due date. This ruling will equally apply to West Australia. The people of Fremantle are very easy going, as witness their patient attitude in regard to the wretched and expensive gas supply of the town. It is almost impossible to either work or read by the gas light provided, and the result is that the second most important town in the colony has, to a large extent, fallen back to the use of kerosene and candles. Three of the leading hotels, so we aie told, have cut off the gas supply altogether. Surely there would be no difficulty in arranging for a thoroughly effective and certainly more economical electric light service. The Council should raise a loan and undeitake the work, or if not inclined to do this allow someone else to do it. We intend to say more about this matter in our next issue. 