Child Burnt to Death at.Rookwood, The Parramatta Coroner, Mr. J. E. Bowden held an inquest at the Auburn Sanitorium on Thursday afternoon, on the body of a ohild named Eliza Butters, aged 7½ years, the daughter of Mr. Adam Chapman Butters, of Livingstone Road, Rookwood. Mrs. Sarah Hannah Butters, mother of the deceased, said that the body just viewed by the jury, was that of her daughter. At ¼ to 3 o'clock on Wednes- day afternoon she was playing in front of the house with her little sister and in about a quarter of an hour sbe came running into the house in a mass of flames. Mr. Froud and Mr. Dermody assisted to extinguish the flames and cut off her clothes. Procurred a cab and took her to the Sanatorium. At the time of the accident her little sister and Freddy Froud were the only children with her. They were playing near a fire which had been made by Mr. Wall, who lives opposite. He was clearing the road and burning the scrub. Dr. Phillips deposed that the child had been severely burnt about the head, face, neck, both arms from shoulders to finger tips, the whole of the abdomen, both buttocks, thighs, and legs to half way between the knee and ankle, the mouth and face had been severely burnt. Richard Dermody stated that he was at- tracted by the screams of children, and saw the deceased child going into her parent's-gate, her clothing on fire. He immediately ran over. When witness got down into the yard of her parents, the child was one mass of flames. He called for a blanket, and got the rug off the couch, wrapped the child in it and put the flames out. Adam Butters, aged 13,said that his sister— the deceased — was playing, with the fire which had been lighted by Mr. Wall, who was burn- ing the bush trees, he was chopping down in the street. The deceased was putting pieces of paper into the hot ashes and stooping down to blow them to make them blaze. Witness was nursing the baby. She said, "Adam, what is hot about me." I looked and saw that her clothes were on fire at the back. I sang out to mother and deceasedd ran inside. There was nobody about at the time except deceased, myself and the baby. The jury returned a verdict, " That de- ceased died from shock caused by burns inflicted by her dress catching fire from a bush-fire near which she was playing at Rookwood.' 