[?] ? Fede- Rational 1'arkes.' More prayers please. Drought has ra tu-.Bvid. Hydatids is greatly oa tne increase in the co.ony. ' Honey ' Bob cant get tbe hang oE tlie Uean case. 1 ho Windsor Handicap tipped its winner thisy^ar ? Bacchus.' I.lr. LidJiard, of Sydney, won Carnage in Uiu St. Albnus lottery. Tho veteran. Varkes, is on the Federation v.-arpatb in the country. lorn Pay ten has a great idea of Chester mu h chance in tbe Uup. Victoria is now passing from the Laud L'ooui tra to the UrasEcy Age, What Zimmerman Z: — 'Zealous,— and I i'o '.?: to tho Zenith in Zycling.' Ibe smallpox oa lie H.M.S Cuzco is be JicroJ to have originated iu London. '1 he bush fire demon ia rampnnt in Cooma, luuiljuia, and the liiuckbealii districts. '.Aluminium ir :is good as gold,' was a tip at lienEiiigloa uu Thursday. Aad go it proved. Tbe residence of Mr I. P. Quigg of Sutton i'\ rest was buiuL to Uivs grouuu on Sunday li-,U Tho ugliest hat in Pyduey covers one of ths cleverest heads. 'Bulletin's* Archi balds. J'helady leper of Queensland is to come to Sydney lazarotte. Her name is being kepi secret. An abnormal quantity of prisoners before ths Criminal Courts are cither foreigners or aliens. Another attompt is about to be made to extract the yol'i ironi the tihcllhaibor Ik aches. Maria Alice ia supposed to be tbe name o'. the ship wuicb was wrecked on the Auck land Ihluudn. France it evidently getting perky and warlike. Tbe latest suggemion is a French Colouul Army. (July 200 turned up to hear Faikes' lec ture oa Federation. The old man is not the celebrity he was. Water is becoming very scare at Hancan's, na.l the people arc flocking to Coolyardie, where it 1b plentiful. The sudden changes which the tempera ture has uudcrgoue lately arc responsible lor a good crop oi colds. It is not true that Evangelist ex-butcher Varley occupied tho wutcu-towor at Kaud WiuU races yesterday. A baggar- woman has reported to the Hobait police that she baa been xobbed of ilil'.OO. Next, pleaec I 1 he Young Turkish Party have had fitty o1 their heads removed lor plotting to incite tbe Turkish military to rebel. ' Hir Henry left by mail train,' 6aye tbe 11 D.T.' From all accounts, the G.O.M. has left his ' fomale train ' in Sydney. Australian hardwood sleepers are coming into vogue in England. A cargo 01 Domain sleepers might hIbo be found useful. ThcBhcep by the Southern Cross realised oniy l'2s tid to £)s at Deptford sales, lliver llaie sheep ou the t-amc day brought 3Ss. Sydney Harbor was quite a sight last Sun day', owing to the large number of steamers uad Bailers anchored in the dilierent bays. Peter Itunsco, a miner, who had lost his Dye, drowned himself, eo it appears, in the VauaisaUa liivct, and Mb body was lound oa Sunday. There will be no respite for the woman y.niniu Williams, and on November i, the Melbourne hangman will carry out his ghoulish duty. ICvansolist Yarley caused quite a conster nation among the shilling punters when he Biartcd in a dcBertcd tote shop to advertise a 'naclug Agency.' A boy, aged eight years, was thrown from a horse and killed at W&gga; a few days ago, as the result of another lad's foolhardy action iu thi owing a stone at the animal. One vecael ran another down on the River Kile a few days ajro, and tho loss of 5U lives vtiB tbe result. Careless navigation seems to increase as civilisation advances. At Capo Barren Island (Tasmania) a newly-appointed Coroner's first duty was to I ,. d an inquest on tbe body of his wife, \ in i perished in the wreck of a ketch. iie wag at Fitzgerald's entertainment, vi., cnivl it was a 'one horse show,' was -i, ry he spoke. He went out at the 'tea m uutcs' tepoBo' and never returned. The : .cii 1 America does things on a big scale. On Mcnday 2150 houses were burnt down in New Orleans, and over TOO people wore left with lathing but the canopy of heaven above them. At Karrabri, on Thursday last, a China man named Sam Lin was ordered throe mouths' gaol for the artlstio offence of pulling a fellow-countryman's pigtail out by the roots. Judge Lynch wouldhave been in evidence bad eo many cases of ravishing children by aliens occurred in America. Seven eases have been reported in a week in N.6.W. alone. Probably the Lake Illawarra smelting works will be arranged to deal with nickel ore from New Caledonia, as we!! as with the several other ores for which they arc in tended. Part of the bullocks by tbe Southern Gross averaeedfrom £15 to £17 a head. The quality of the meat was first-class, and fetched about Cd per lb in bmituueld market. It is rumored that a Wellington alderman was garrotted on Monday night. As luck had it, the victim of the garrottcrs carried a very small amount of cash with him on the occasion. Tho li.Sf.s. Cnzco has been renamed by those passengers who had to be quarantined, instead of going to Caulfield races — but the cognomen is too strong for these columns. A South Australian M.P., named Henry Ailendalo Grainger, was fined £5 on Wed nesday for felling an almost blind man in King William-street, Adelaide. A very lenient fine. Ov.iugto the Marguis of Woterford com mitting nuicido by bhootlng himself, Paris was scratched for the Cambridgeshire. The Beicsfoid family, by the way, are extraordi narily excentric. Galloways and ponies are to be measured by the aid of photography. After last Saturday week's finish in the Moorefield Handicap, the results should be taken by the same process. There is a little hubbub at Wollongong because dogs and men bathe in the same water. With hydatids bo prevalent the local press is quite right In pointing out the objectionable practice. The Queensland liailway Commissioners expect to invite tenders tor six new rail ways, at the beginning of next year. J.m ploymentall over Australia will be plentiful in a few months time. George Ford was fined £20 and costs at Newcastle for boarding a quarantined vessel. At the present time too much care cannot be taken to prevent small-pox and similar diseases being carried ashore. The Victorian Assembly have insulted the Victorian Council — at least that is what a number of M.L.A.'s say. Cause : The As sembly reduced the salaries of President and Chairman of Committees of the Council. The Victorian Esglehawk Itiflemun. J. TL Williams, is to be complimented for his splendid score of bU — out of a possible TO — which won tbe Bandwick match. His ' inner ' was within an inch of the bullscye line. ' In Newfoundland tbey are undoubtedly novices in smuggling diplomacy. The Premier (Sir William Wniteway), the Attorney-General (T°Din)i an M.P., and the governor of the Savings Hank have all been arrested. Vou never heard of an Englishman or an Australian breaking bis neck at polo. Vet only last week the eldest son of the ' Silver Monarch ' Mackay did it, and the Ameri cans aie not woise riders than the other two nationalities, surely. He discovered tbat she wore a strongly magnetic belt — einiply for health's sake. On the spur of the moment he went to the iron mongers, bought some steel tilings, and had a waistcoat front lined with them. They met, They have never parted since. Tbe young German sweats to keep Alsace and Lorraine against all danger!, adding, 'And we will, so help us God, and our German sword.' The first help is all right, but there isa touch of '' Brummagem 'about the sword ' made in Germany.' The Kin? of Aehautce will have his mud walls rattling about his ears la a woek or two if he does not fall in with the British ultimatum to have a British Uesident at Coomassie. The new British Government Is itching for another bloody war. In the Hew Zealand Parliament last Tues day night, the Opposition as a body, to gether with several other members, walked j out of the House, as a protest against tbe Government preventing the usual discussion upon the Public Works statement. The longest sentence on record, bar ' for life,' has been meted out to Schonholz, the leader of the ' Firebugs,' New York. Forty eight years it amounts to in all, so that in 194.S the prison gates will be opened to him, unless be escapes through the cemetery. James Medcalf, a lad of Eixtoen, has been committed for trial, charged with forging and uttering a cheque for £10 10s 6d, pur porting to be signed by Unwin and Sons, Granvlilc. A second charge concerning £5 will be heard at Farramatta to-morrow. A country newspaper office was nearly bunt down tbe other day by a ' blow-fly.' Attracted by a candle, it flew in the flame and dropped with its lighted winga on some papers. The papers ignited, but luckily there was someone at band to put the blaze out. Judge Ooffey cougrBtaUtei Deputy-Sheriff Hurley »t Osmpbslltoirn Sessions on the immunity from crime in the district, there being no criminal cas«« to adjudicate upon. Hurley ia now hunting nrand for i half, or ench like, at which to air bis new pair of white glovn, At Adelaide Lord Brusey, who was grentfy pressed for time, was unable to give a Prcss representative an interview. If that bad happenoi! in Sydney, our pushing dailies , would Have had a couple of columns each. They've no tact, or imagination, oa the Ade laide Press, evidently. I'.U.G. Cook ha9 given orders for fivo of the new automatic pillar-boxes to be erected in Sydney. Auot.hcc bos under inspection, it is taid, will find paper and envelope, type write 10 dictation, fold the letter, lick the flop and then the stump, and produce a reply within 12 hours. Next. Queensland paetoralists aro up in arms this week against tlie intrepid little ?? bunny.' In one district tl ey cleared them out by simply putting up a board 'poison laid here.' iiut they will ucvsr do any good until ' they eat WUstthey cnn,'»nd 'can. what they cant.' Uf course it's a chestnut. Another fr.tal accident through leaving a leaded gun within the reach of children. At Wombat a boy of 10 look his little Bister out with him shooting. She was only four. The mother heard a report, and went to the scene justin time to pick her dying little girl up. The charge hiui untcrod her back. An extraordinary rich find of gold has been roado at a place about eight miles from Kiandrii. A reet has been uuearibed which yields 28oz of gold per ton. Alluvial has been discovered within a hundred yards of the reel', and has caused a rush to set in. Latest reports stale reeling miners would -do well to to there. ' W'uen I say the Government will not ac cept Ihc Council's amendments, 1 mean Dt (jarran and myself will not accept them.' — Jack Want. This in rough on lieid and the remainder of his Cabinet ; rougher even than tbe insinuation that Labor Leader llcUovvtiu was virtually i'rimiisr -of tho country. l'ropbet V.'ragge is in the bad books of the Bhifpiug people. Just as the exodus for Melbourne races was about to take place ho sends a storm into piint, and the public go overland, causing a railway increase as com pared with tha corresponding week last year of £I!2j2. Where the joke conies in— there whs no storm. liulli considers itself in a stale of semi boom just now — what with old collieries ani old hotels being re-opened, electric light riavrning in tbe near iuture, salt being ncanufactured on tbe local shore, fancy tiles made oa the spot, and last, though not lcadt, the evergreen UuUl 1'ass alwaysasa ' ttoa' to behold there. The Govemmeut have issued, through the Colonial Secretary' OUice, a notice that -wing to continued complaints trom 'out.- ,idc,' tbat certain public servants are in tlie jabit of doiuj; remunerative work for private md other people, they* tbe Government, liEapprote UT l£e practice, and it must be itopped. So mote it be. Far-fetched perhaps, but here it is. No. I : — ' You mr.y not think it, but that tand ivich in your band will supply the solution 0 the winner of the Cup.' No. 2 : ' What 1 Simply i. ham and beef sandwich V ' Yea. Ustcn. Ham and b-jef. Beef and ham. jx-en-ham.' His remains arc on their way 10 llotaoy on a dirt-cart. Oa Sunday evening two of General Booth's Followers, who were driving in from Davies pille, ran over a stump, and followed this jcrformance by falling out of tho vehicle, i'he nround wasn't much hurt by tho fall and tbe ' soldiers,' we are glad to say, escaped juy serious injury and turned up as usual at the army meeting at night. Mr. D. Thomson, who has lately beon riding through the upper portion of the Manning, round by Gloucester, and up the Harrington, slates tbat it in truly pitiful to see tlie large number of dead cattle lying ibout — more, in fact, in number in some localities than the live ones — while the taint in the air is more odoriferous than pleasant. Tbe 'Western Champion' sayB :— ' We learn, on reliable authority, that the breach jf promise can.', Miss McGrath v. IJan Jouec (one of the Buthman'B tributary), in which tbe damages vrore put down at H'l.uOU, has been sctticd out of Court. The settlement means an expense of about £5U0 to Ilr. Jonci.' Almost as good as -being a tributor. The unpleasant business which came before tho Water Police Court on Tuesday and Wednesday, might have been avoided had Mr Greenwood taken a little sound legal advice. In charging Mr Arthur Grecnawav, the aclor, with stealing £3 — money which was proved to have been paid ?» au advance 01 wages — the theatrical manager from New Zealand was going a little too i'ar. The Dubbo naturalist may think he is paying Mi' G. H. Held a great compliment when he dedicates tho Ablcpharus Heidi Lizard to the Premier as a slight mark of appreciation, etc., etc, but it is open to doubt. Next week we may expect Bray or some other Fellow, dedicating vnew species of frog to £ir Henry i'arkea— simply because ' Froggy would a wooing go.1 More fanaticism. To-morrow five women leave Sydney oa foreign mission work among tbe heathen. Two Miss Reeds and Hiss Webster, from Kew Zealand,' go to China. Miss Thomson, a Victorian, also goes to China, and Miss Brown goes to Corca. Considering the past massacres — the present unsettled state of the Celestial land, and the probability of a terrible war in Corea, the venture looks absurdly foolhardy. ' Trotting horses is splendid sport — on a track, anil Johannae Armstrong absent. But Sunday afternoon trotting at, something approaching a mile a second, through the Domain, aud down to Lady Uacquarie's Chair, is, to Esy tho least of it, a leak bit dangerous. When some nurscgirl has lost a perambulator full of twins, or Bome man o£ tuutk cuts his valuable doir. home uader his arms in two pieces, tha 'amusement ' will be stopped. On Sunday two gentlemen were driving leisurely along a winding crack, aud on tam ing round a thick clump of bush, fouud themselves within a short distance of several wheelmen, who were making a V.'yalong record towards tbe buggy. The horse got scared, a cycllat ditto, and the driver wss, perhaps, a bit non-plusscd also. Kesult : — A broken buggy wheel, a split and somewhat damaged bijtemw)' aiiJ a solid conviction on botn sides thai the road was neither wide nor straight enough.— ' Wyalong Star.' Several cases of indecent exposure having come before the Hillston Bench recently, the Police Magistrate at Monday's Court referred in very outspoken terms to the frequency of this offence, and said he intended to put it down. If the tines lately imposed did not oiler a check, he would increase the punish ment to greater severity. Only the other day whilst in the company; of members of his own family a gross case of the kind came under his personal notice in AlcGee-strcet. It was disgusting that ladies and children could not walk along the streets without being offended in such manner. An esteemed ex-Miuister of the Crown, who is very fond of a quiet little gamble on big events, has, metaphorically, kicked liiui Eclf black and blue since Saturday Jaist. The dopmtlaj! advice of his better-half waa— 'Put £10 on Waterfall, I'm sure it will win.' 'Allright,' said he, and the door sUmmsd. Of course he knew better than tbe wif'j. He was a man, and a sportsman. If Oxcnham won, Bolanum would be the hoiec, &ttd; the little tenner went on the son of Kouinue. The after meeting can be betttcr iicigened than deBcri bed, especially as it made a, dillerauce. of £310. Governor Iiampdon, now on the briny, bound for Australia's shores, has chosen the Hon Gathorn Hardy, who bas been putting iu an 'aide-de-camp' time in Maoriland, to bo his Private Secretary. The V.S. has ar rived in Bydnoy, and will sea that the car pets are laid square, tbe steps white-stoned regularly, aud everything in order for His Governorihip's arrival. Butchers, bakert, and candlestick-makers anxious for ' By ap pointment to Governor Hampden' over their doors, should take the tip and inter view the Honorable. HonorableB from 'homo' are generally willing to talk big with the honest 'shop-keeper.' rPHERE'SmM.P.ntraicdEnnikor. ?*- At fall duty wni neror ? f anker ; But 111 heilth sot n baa, tcoouri a he then bed So TreKotCn Ocp fitlr ; atid a«, ' ft It rood, it dad.' 