BUSH FIRES IIN NEW SOUTH WALES. \---41--- The extraordinary outbreaks of fire still continue unabated so far as bushfires are concerned. At Coraki the destruction of one house from these fires is reported. At Lismore the sugar cane.crops have been destroyed. Reports from Casino states that miles of fencing and pasturage Iaave been destroyed during the week, and that stock of, all kinds are perishing. From Grafton it is telegraphed that the bush along the coast and iulanl between Grafton and Glen Innea and Graftoe and Casino is all on fire, and the smoke in the town is very dense. A message from Wingham, in the Manning River district, reports that the people have never before experienced stuch anxious and calamatoue times. Since Saturday week the arsitke from the bush fires has been almost suffocating. Thousands of acres have been swept away by the fire, destroying fences; and many houses were in danger, the settlers having to fight hard against the 'flames. In spite of all efforts many thousands of pounds worth of pro. perty have been destroyed, and the present situation is one of intense anxiety. There is aecarcity of water, and should wind and weather continue asiat present for, another week' litle fobdi rill be; left for stok,, as the bush fires are still raging in every directiton. From Newcastle it is rep rtel that bush fires are atill doing considerable damage in that district. At Swansea, Lake Macquarie, the flames reached the twrn ship, and for some time the public school and the police station were in jeopardly, but. the efflrts of the residents were successdl if . beating bhack the flames. At Catherine Hill itay several culverts and some telegraph poles were burnt. A report from btroed states that bush fires are raging round the district accelerated by strong westo.rly winds. In the Gloucester district the fires have been very destructive, moost of the A. A. Company's paddocks having been burnt out. About 150 heand of cattle, the property of Mr. Jas. Hooke, of Cobark, were burnt to death. The drovers had to tide into the river to save themselves from the flaier. Several culverts have been desntroyedl on the North Coast road, but (says the Age) traffic was restoredt speedily. Stock will lhe starved unless rain comes soon to extin guish the fires andi start the grass again. 