BLACK THURSDAY. IN FIVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER II. " God have mercy !" he exclaimed, " a bush fire ! and in this thick forest !" Once more he sprang forward, shouting, thundering with his whip. He and the herd were galloping along the narrow wood track. But, as he had turned westward in the direction of his home, the woods—of which he had before seen the boundary - now closed for some miles upon him and, as he could not turn right or left for the chaos of vines and scrub that obstructed the forest, the idea of being overtaken there by the bushfire was horrible. Such an event would mean death, and death only. Therefore, he urged on his flying herd with desperation. Crack upon crack from his long whip, resounded through the hollow wood. The cattle themselves seemed to hear the ominous sound and sniff the now strongly perceptible smell of burning. The roar of the fire came louder, and seemed to swell and surge as if urged on by a rough rising blast. The heat was fierce and suffocating. The young squatter's clothes clung to him with streaming perspiration. The horse and cattle steamed and smoked with boiling heat. Yet onward, onward they dashed with lolling tongues. Sorcerer, specked with patches of foam on his dark shining body, seemed to grow furiously impatient of the obstruction offered by the bullocks in his path. As his master's whip exploded on their flanks, he laid back his ears and, with flaming eyeballs and bared teeth, strove to tear them in his rage. Robert Patterson knew that the extraordinary heat and drought of the summer had dried up the grasses - had licked up the water from crab-hole, and many a creek - had withered the herbage into crisp hay, and so withered the foliage that you might crumble it between your fingers. The country seemed thoroughly prepared for a conflagration, and only required this fiery wind to send a blaze of extermination over the whole land. For weeks, nay months, the shepherds and sawyers had spoken of fires burning in the hills, and, in the fern-tree break of this very forest he had been recently told that flames had been observed in various directions burning redly by night. If the fire had reached him and his herd before they escaped into the open plains, they must be consumed like stubble. The cattle began to show signs oE exhaustion, banging out their parched tongues, and panting heavily. The perspiration on himself and his horse was dried up by the awful heat, and the dogs ran silently, only whining lowly to themselves, as they hunted every hollow on their way for water. Suddenly, they were out on an open plain, with the forest on either hand, but at a considerable distance. What a scene! The woods were flaming and crackling in one unlimited conflagration. The wind, dashing from the north in gusts of inconceivable heat, seemed to sear the very face and shrivel up the lungs. The fire leaped from tree to tree, flashing and roaring along, with the speed and the destructiveness of lightning. The withered foliage seemed to snatch the fire and to perish in it in a riot of demonic revelry. On it flew, fast as the fleetest horse could gallop, consuming acres of leaves in a moment, still remained to rage and roar amongst the branches and in the hollow stems of ancient trees. The whole wood on the left was an enormous region of the most intense flame, and that on the right, sent forth the sounds of the same ravaging fires. Being to windward, the flames could not be seen for the vast clouds of smoke and with fiery sparks, which were rolled on the air. There was a sound as of thunder, mingled with the crash of falling trees, and the wild cries of legions of birds of all kinds; which fell scorched and blackened and dead to the ground. Once out on this open plain, the cattle were speedily lost in the blinding ocean of smoke, and the young settler, obliged to abandon them, made a dash onward for his life. Now the flames came racing along tho grass with the speed of the wind, and mowing all smooth as a pavement, now tore furiously through some near point of the forest and flung burning ashes and tangles of blazing bark towards the galloping rider. But Sorcerer, with an instinct more infaliiable than any human, sped on, over thicket and stone, and fallen trees, snorting in the thick masses of smoke, and stretching forward his gaping jaws to catch every breath of air to sustain impeded respiration. When the wind veered, the smoke driven backwards, revealed a most amazing scene. The blazing skirts of the forests; huge isolated trees, glaring red—standing columns of fire, here a vast troop of wild horses with flying manea and tails, rushing with thundering hoofs over the plain ; there herds of cattle running with bloodshot eyes and hanging tongues, they knew not whither, but from the fires ; troops of kangaroos leapt frantically across the rider's path, their hair singed and giving out strongly the stench of fire ; birds of all kinds and colours shrieking piteously as they drove wildly by, and yet saw no spot of safety ; thousands of sheep standing huddled in terror on the scorched flats with singed wool, deserted by their shepherds, who had fled to save their own lives. To Be Continued. 