WHO dominatos the present Parliament ? This is not a conundrum, but a question the answer to which is on the surface for all political students to read. It was the com- bination of the Public Serrice as a Toting ma chine that turned lbs balance against tbs late Sir Jakes Patterson and his Ministry and put Mr Turner and bis colleagues in power. Ever Bines the Ministry bos been always ready to placate the “power behind the throne,” and whon tho demands of the State employes wore so much beyond the bounds of modera tion as to raise a mild protest from tho Premier, a subservient majority in the As sembly came to the rescue, and the public servants proved public masters. When the cause of the taxpayers was pleadodt the reply of the Public Service Par liamentary delegates was, in effeot, “ Hang the public. They don’t reoognise where the shoe pin'clies' because the pressure is an all round one. The State employes do feel the pinch, and as they haTe a solid vote we mnst consider them.” On Suuday afternoon last a meeting of the Railways Daily-paid Em ployes Union was held, at which a strong protest was entered against the revised classi fication introduced by Mr Mathieson, the General Manager. The chief complaint waß against fixing a minimum for what the meet ing regarded as “skilled” labor—that of porters, carriage cleaners, and lampmen—at 6b, when the minimum foroutside skilled labor was fixed at 6s 8d a day. It was pointed out that when porters were engagod it was on the understanding that they Bhould have the chance to rise to 6s 6d a day, and to reduce the maximum to 6s was repudiation. Mr Mathieson’s reply to this is that when many of the men entered the service it was natural to expect a rise even to 7s a day, but times have changed, aud if the prospects of railway employes had suffered so had those of wage earners outside the State. There was no specific understanding that wages would riße to 7s or oven to 6s 6d, and as present salaries were not interfered with no injustice was done by the ro-claßsification. He also points out that'while the scheme would prevent porters from obtaining more than 6s per day, there was nothing to prevent their promo tion to more responsible positions, which wonld carry increased salaries. He con siders that his “duty is to pay the exaot value of work done, neither more nor less, and he would not be justified in paying porters more than 6s a day when men can be got for that price.” Mr Mathieson also contends, and rightly so, that “ railway em ployes should recognise the permanency of their 'employment when, making comparisons with the wages they could earn in private em ployment—and also that they have certain privileges not possessed by outside workers.” In fact, the Gonoral Manager could put the matter in a much stronger light were ho so disposed. He could point out that so groat are the ad vantages enjoyed by State employes— what with their increments in prosperous times, their constant employment, and what are styled “ other privileges”—that tho sovoral departments are rushed with applicants for engagement. With all this, we find members of Parliament anxious to increase the benefits already enjoyed. On Sunday tho railway employes entered their protest; on Tuesday night bon. members nlmost tumbled over each other in their anxiety’.to do their bohests. When the bill providing for tho continnation of present- retrenchments in the Civil Service was introduced, Mr M’Cat led off with a proposal that all salaries under £l5O a yoar be exempt from retrenchment after the 31st inst., and was supported by an immense majo rity. This means a present of £122,000 to the State employds for tho ensuing six months, or £44,000 a year. Mr Bromlet secured another douceur of between £4OOO and £5OOO, by increasing the minimum from £l5O to £157 in salaries upon which tho retrenchment is to bo continued to the 30th June, 1898. But when Mr Prendergast proposed a farther concession that meant an additional Christmas box of £26,000, by limiting the operation of the bill in this respect to the 30th June of the present year, even the Premier cried a halt, and the amendment was negatived. Throughout the debate there wa3 very little heard of the rights of the taxpayer. Yet the bulk of this money will have to bo contri buted by men who aro not nearly in snoh good positions as those to whom the concessions have been made. There is not the slightest objection on the part of any honorable minded citizen to bo gonerouß to, the State employds in prosperous times, but aro the present conditions of the colony such as to justify 6uch a policy ? There oan be only one answer to this question, and that is hot the one Parliament has given. Parliament is to bo prorogued to-day, and it is fitting, therefore, to make a resume of the progress that has been made. Even tho friends of the Government can scarcely contend that this has been altogether satisfactory. A number of small measures have been added to the Statute Book, but the much-talked-of legislation, concerning which the trumpet of self-congratulation has been so persistently blown, has suffered. Proceedings commenced with tho passnge of the Shops and Factories Act, whioh might have been passed last session if the same spirit that actuated Par liament on re-assembling had boen displayed earlier in the year. The One Adult One Yote Bill, over which valuable time that might have been so advantageously spent on the Mines Bill, came to an ignominious end, the statutory majority that was necessary for its passage not haring been obtained. For tho same reason a bill to reduce the number of members in both Houses was cast aside amidst, self-complacent, laughter at the ease with which election pledges could be ignored. Tho Insolvency Bill, which was declared to be a most important measure, is likely to suffer because of a strainod point of etiquette raised by the Attorney-General, and a similar fate probably awaits tho Credit Foncier Bill. At the eleventh hour the Government discovered that several amend ments the Upper House inserted in response to a ministerial intimation that the hill might be amended, have been made for the express purpose of infringing upon the Assembly’s prerogative with regard to money moasurcs. Yet in both cases an easy way out of tho difficulty has been shown. When the Council amended tho Mining Development Bill, the Premier, agreeing with the spirit of the amendments, ombodied them in another bill which he introduced in the Assembly, and they„ were passed without difficulty. On that occasion Mr Longmore objected to tho action of the Premier as foregoing the -rights of the Lower House. Mr Turner’s reply was prompt and crushing:—” Ho was surprised at the position which the meinbor for Dande nong took up. The course which the Govorn were following wa3 tho only Conrso which was clearly open for them to take. It was the course which was followed by the House of Commons whenever that body considered that its privileges were assailed.” Yet now the course followed by the House of Commons is not good enough for Victorio, and the Premier turns tail upon himself, and talks glibly abont “sacrificing the people’s rights” and uses other stock phrases so dear to the heart of the deraagogne. Evidently there is a desire to pick a quarrel with the Council, and if' two much-needed measures are sacrificed in order to carry out this programme, what* does .it matter to the Government? The Mines Bill has passed the Lower Honse, but at so late a poriod in the session that it can not be considered in the Council. The Charities Bill has not even been prepared. Upon tho Companies Bill the Houses are fairly, in accord, bnt in several important amendments there is a grave difference of opinion, and it is likely this measure may also be sacrificed unless better counsels prevail at the last moment. There can be little doubt that much of the barrenness of tho session is due to the manner in which bills have been placed beforo the Lower House, several being kept for weeks at tho same stage of progress instead of pushing one on and forwarding it to the Council. Throughout the Government has received valuable assistance from the Opposition and the Conncil. There has boon no factions opposition, and tho blame for any failure to accomplish what there was amplo opportunity for doing must be laid at the proper quarter. Discussion of the Post Office Estimates afforded members of the Assembly yesterday an opportunity of criticising the report of the Postal Enquiry Board. Mr Hamilton, as the instigator of the enquiry, summed up its re sult as an unsatisfactory and inconsequential report, whioh showed 13 of his charges to have been proved and 18 to have been treated ns merely “ not proven.” Mr B. T. j Valo vigorously expressed his conviction that ; the Postal Department is employing fully 1000 , superfluous men, and his thorough dis-mtis- ; faction with the administration of this branch ' of tho service. Various departmental griev- ; ances were ventilated bofore tho Assembly j set about the task of clearing tho notico paper of abont 30 other items of business. Numerous measures were paasod by tho Legislative Council yesterday including tho Mildura Irrigation Bill and the very much amended Factories Act Amendment Bill. The Star will not be published on Saturday next. Advertisers and others should sond in their advertisements early this evening for to-morrow’s issne. The supplement will be published tomorrow, and will contain an original Chri-tmas tale and a. sketoh of an “ Old World Christmas." Yesterday was the hottest, and certainly the most snltry and disagreeablo day of the present summer. At the nb3orvatory tho maximum temperature registered in tho shade was 36 degrees, and in the sun 137. Hot north winds blew throughout the whole day, carrying with them incessint and heavy clouds of dust, which compelled business people to close the doors of their shops nr run the risk of having many pounds worth of vain able goods destroyed. A pointed reference to tho soverity with which the dust-storm was felt was contained in % question submitted to tho public meeting held at the City Hall last night, and received by the gathering with un- Rtioted applause. “How many thousand tons of dnst,’’ it was asked, “ does the City Council contrive to cast in the eyes of the ratepayers apart from the proposed loan?" Everything exposed to tho storm was covered with a coating of dust and grit, and in places the footpaths woro inches deep with the dritt. The heat appoars to have been general all over the colony. Tho maximum shade tempera ture registered in Melbourne was 03. The railway traffic to and from Ballarat was exceedingly hoavy yesterday, and the trains from Melbourne were especially well filled, exceptionally large numbers of passengers travelling between Adelaido and the border towns and Melbourne. To-day a special train will leave Ballarat for Melbourne, via Baoclms Marsh, at 7.0-5 p.m., and no Saturday an extra passenger train will bo run on tho Mary borough line, leaving Ballarat at 10 a.m. and returning at 10 p.m. To meet the holiday traffic, a number of alterations have been made in the time-tables affoating the Balien, Buninyoug, Creswick and Daylosford, Linton, and Waubra lines, and these may bo ascer tained by reference to the advertising columns. Tho customary arrangements will bo ob served in the post officos during the Christ mas and and New Year holidays:—To morrow (Christmas Day) Postal,® Money Order, and Savings Bank business will be en tirely suspended. No mails will be made up, nor letters, Ac., delivered. In the tolegraph offices Sunday arrangements will be obsorvod. On Saturday all po3t offices will he closed to tho public at 10 a.m. Only the first delivery by letter carrier will be offectod, but all conntry mails will be received and despatched as usual. No money order or savings bank business will bo transacted. Telograph offices will be open from 8.30 till 10 a.m., and from 6 till 7 p.m. On Monday business will be car ried on as usual, with exception of monoy order and savings bank business. At the three public meetings of citizens held for the purpose of opposing the proposed loan of .212,000, largo assemblages of ratepayers have unhesitatingly declarod that they are strongly opposed to the City Council’s pro posal. List night at the City Hall the motion carriod in the north and south wards was again agreed to by an overwhelming majority. During tho progress of the meet ing, it was pointed ont that a mistake had been made in tho hitherto accepted calcula tion in regard to tho cost of tho loan, it being pointed ont that tho repayments for the £12,000 would reach £15,615, instead of £14,615 as previously statod. Polling in connection with the vote to be taken as to the advisability of the flotation of the £12,000 loan, will take place to-day. The booths will be situated at the places at which it is customary to hold municipal elections, viz., at the City Hall for the central ward; at the Bible Christian Sunday school, Armstrong street north, for tho north; and at the South street Debating Society’s Hall for the south ward. The booths will be open from 8 o’clock until 5, when the returning officers—Cra . Shoppee, M'Oonald, and Elliott—will proceed to count tho votes. In order that the flota tion of tho loan may be prevented it is neces sary that one-third of tho ratepayers should vote ngainst the proposal. There are 4923 votes on the roll, so that unless 1641 are polled tho loan will be floated. Those who support the action of the council will not be required to rote. _ Mr D. Kerr, M.L A., has received intima tion that a post-office will be opened at Pit field on and after the Ist January, and within a month from that date telophonio communi cation will be established with Caps Clear. A special meeting of the Mining Manngers' Institute of Victoria was held last night at Mr Chas. Barker’s office, Lydiard street, to consider tho Amended Mines Bill. Mr W. Chisholm occupied the chair. It was unani mously decided to adhere to the recommenda tions as published in Tke Star of 17th Novem ber last, with an additional recommendation in regard to section 16S, which provides that “ Before a dividend is payable from the pro fits of any mining company incorporated under the No Liability system a sum eqnal to £2 10s per centum of tho whole amount of such proposed dividend shall be set apart by the directors as aro 4 orvo fund, to bo expended only in developing the mine worked by such company.” The recommendation decided upon was •* That companies should be allowed to use their own discretion in regard to their funds and the desirability or other wise of a reserve fund.” The recommenda tions of the Institute aro to be forwarded to tho members of the Upper House for this dis trict. In another column Mr W. Coltman makes a forcible appeal on behalf of the Ballarat Dis trict Benevolent Asylum. The claims of this excellent institution to grnerons support are very strong, and to those seeking deserving objects of philanthropy in this season of goodwill, kindly thoughts, and well doing, its seeds may be most heartily commended. Shortly before 6 o'clock last night Con stable- Glanvillo, of Ballarat North, whilst on duly in Doveton street observed smoke arising from tho over-head staging in tho woodyard at the railway station. An ex amination disclosed the fact that tho staging from which wood and coal is dis charged from the trucks was on fire, and as there was a quantity of coal beneath there was danger of serious damage being done. Tho constable at once summoned the brigades, and, procuring a couple of buckets, he pro ceeded to take precautions against the spread ing of the flames. His efforts were so far successful that by tho time tho City and Bal larat Brigades arrived tho flimes had been quenched, tho only damago done being the charring of a few plauk3 in the decking. It is snrmised that tho outbreak was caused by sparks escaping from the fire-box of an engine doing shunting operations in the yard. The half-yearly pay wa3 distributed to the milstia last night. Those members who have not received payment may obtain it on appli cation to tho captain of their company. At about 2 o’clock y°sterday afternoon a bushfire broke out near Mr Skinner’s property at Spring Hill. The flames spread with alarming rapidity, tho dry scrub burning fiercely, and menaced the properties in the vicinity. A number of men worked vigorously to beat out the fire and prevent the flainos from destroying the homesteads. The party of beaters was subsequently reinforced by 15 mainbers of tho Ballarat Brigade, who ren dered excellent service. After a long fight with the flames the beaters finally ex tinguished the fire. Mr Skinner was the principal losor by the conflagration, ns a stack of his wood containing about 20 tons was de stroyed. Inspector Charles passed’throngh Ballarat last night on his way to Horsham, to which district he hos been appointed. A number of the inspector’s frionds were present on the -platform to wish him the compliments of the season and prosperity in his now district. About mid-day yesterday a waggon load of hay coming from Green Hill, near Buninyong, caught fire in some unknown mauner. The man in charge at once drovo the horses to the nearest creek and pulled up on a bridge. The burning matorial was thrown from the vehicle into tho cre--k, bnt a quantity of the hay in flames Ml on to the' bridge and set it on fire. The Ballarat Brigade woro telephoned for from Pearce’s battery, but before their arrival on the scene the flames had been subdued. The waggon and its contents woro totally de stroyed, and the bridgo, which belongs to tho Buniuyongshiro, was soveroly damaged. Tho horses in the vohiolo escaped unhurt. The first hotel over erected in Ballarat, which formerly stood upon the present sito of Craig’s hotel, but has since been removed to Soldiers Hill, at the corner of Macarthur and Doveton streets, is now being domolishod. and if action be not at once taken one of the most widely known and interesting landmarks iu Ballarat's history will have bean destroyed; The old building, tho timbers of which are compara tively sound, was imported from the old country by Mr Thomas Bath in 1552, and was the scone of many historic episodes of the early days of the goldfields. Of recent years, old residents and leading citizens, when driv ing friends around the City, have taken pleasure in drawing attention to tho old hostelry as one of tho few remaining land marks of Ballarat, and considerable in terest centred in the place as a con sequence. It therefore seems a pity that no one has come forward to save it from complete annihilation. Probably, however, it will bo sufficient to direct the attention of the Historical Bscord Society to the matter in order to save the ancient struoture. It is suggested that the material which it contains might be used in the construction of a email pavilion at the Botanical Gardens, or that good use of it might be madd in_ other parts of tho City, where ir. would remain as an in teresting memento of Ballarat in its infancy, and of the wondoi ful subsequent growth of the City in so short a time. In accordance with a resolution previously adopted, tho Ballarat Exchange, after its final meeting yo-terday, adjourned until Tuesday, sth January, for the Christmas and New Year holidays. The twelfth intercolonial cricket match between New South Walos and South Aus tralia was concluded on the Adelaide Oval yesterday, and ro-ulted in a victory for New South Wale3 by 51 runs. That colony, which is the holder of the Sheffield Shield, has won S of the matches mentioned, and South Aus tralia 4. Tho Ballarat branch of tho Amalgamated Mining Managers’ Association of Australasia has issued an appropriate card, conveying kindly greetings and wishes for a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Tear. In reciprocation of this good feeling, an earnest hope may be expro-sed that the members of this important body, together with all depen dent upon and interested in mining, will experience a marked improvement in position and prospects during tho coming year. The high standing of tho local branch of the association has been amply attestod by its having boon called upon this year to anpply numerous efficient managers to almost all the goldfiolds of Au-tralasia, and it may be hoped that local developments will avert any further drain upon its member- hip, and warrant the return of some of those who have made their reputations iu tha district. Entries for the Grenville races to be held on New Tear’s D ly close to-day. Entrios for the C irnglmtn races closed with Messrs Eadean and Wilson last night. Thoss bearing yesterday’s postmark will also bo accepted. Messrs Whykes and Curthoys, J.VP., pre sided at the City Police Court yesterday. Richard Lukor proceeded against John W. Dunlop and Murdoch M’Phail for tha re covery of £l5 paid by him for shares in a mining venture known ns tho Pleasant View Mining Company, Sloiglitz. Mr Lazarus appeared for tho complainant, and explained to the conrt that as tha flotation of tha company was a failure, his client desired to have the money p iid by him refunded. Mr Dnnlop, who had acted as legal manager for tho company, statod that the money had boon paid to M’Phnil, and that he had never re ceived it. M’Phail had actad as his agent, and he was in tho unfortunate position of being responsible for M’Phail’s action. Mr Dunlop had acted honorably throughout the business, but it whs clearly a question of agency, and Mr Dunlop would have his remedy against M’Phail. As the summons against the latter had not been servod, the benoli decided to adjourn the proceedings for three weeks, in order that M’Pliail might have an opportunity of giving bis version of the matter. Tho secretary of tho Victorian Railways has written to tho Town Council, notifying that the work of fencing in Dyte and Scott parados has been deferred, but unless the council at once communicates with tho Commissioner the work will be completed. The Riponshire Council mot ,in committee yesterday to consider the Skipton severance petition. Thorn were present —The president (Cr Flynn) and Cra Austin, Bridges, Cashing, Murray, Lewis, and Bsggs. Tha council daem-d it inadvisable to allow tha proceedings to bo recordod, and the only information vouchsafed was that tho president and Crs Murray, Bridges, Lewis, and Cashing were appointed as a committee, and nntborisod to take all necessary steps in opposition to the petition. At tho Town Police Court yesterday, Mar garet Satton, who had been arrestod on a charge of having stolen a parse and 12s from the par-on of Jas. MT, annual, was remandod until this morning. One debt case was also disposed of. Messrs Josephs, Louie, and Ki»g, J’s.P., presided. The gathering at the Lsarmonth races on Boxing Day promises to be the largest yet witnessed, the entries (100) being more numerous than those for any proTiims meet ing. The special train which leaves Ballarat at 11.30 will convey passengers right to tho course, and within close proximity to the Richmond Park, which affords araplo con venience for picnic parties. Tho following accident cases are reported as having been attended to at the Hospital;— Allan Abbott, 14, of Little Raglan street, an incised wound on one hand, caused by a bottlo bursting at Goodfellow’s cordial factory. Joseph Renney, 39, of Glenpark, a lacerated wound on the head, caused by a piece of timber falling upon him while ho was working in a shaft at Hangman’s Gully. Robert Thomas, 15, of Clyde lane, a lacerated wound on the hand, sustained while working at Osborne’s Foundry, Creswick road. In connection with the Buninyong Races to be held on Wednesday next, jockeys and trainers are reminded that they may obtain their tickets at the Crown hotel on the morn ing of tho races from 10 to 11 o’clock. A serious fire was narrowly averted yester day afternoon owing to the commendable energy of a number of citizens who fortunately discovered it before damage was done. The long dry gra3S in the garden of an unoccupied weatherboard house in Drummond street north, owned by Mi-s Dingle, became ignited, and the flames spreading rapidly, it appeared as if .the whole corner of the block would he demolished. Mr and Mrs Creemer, who live next door, got to work, however, and, aided by others, managed to beat out the flames before they had reached the bailding. John Davies, 43 years old, an employe at Phillips’ hotel, was admitted to the Hospital yesterday suffering from tho effects of a sun stroke. Each Chri-tmas Messrs Richards and Cos. have accustomed the public to a fino display of artistic photographs, and this yoar will be no exception to the rale; in fact the exhibi tion this evening will surpass all previous efforts on the part of this firm. The centre of .attraction will no doubt be their latest subjaot picture, “A Chri-tmas story.” This picturo is well enneoived, and treated with refinement and feeling, and will well repay a visit to all lovers of tha bemtifnl. Among-t a number of very fine panel photographs, several call for special notice, notably, “ R flections,” “ Deep in tha woods,” anil “Sister-,” whilst tho head and three-quarter length studios are splendid specimens of tho photographer’s art. It has been definitely decided that Senior" constable Knox shall take charge of tho War racknabeal police station, and he will proceed thithor on Saturday next. Sanior-constablo Martin is shortly to bo transferred to the charge of the Allendale police station. Tho Minors* Turf Club have fixed their January, or what will be known as their Cup, meeting for Friday, 22nd, and the following programme has been adopted ;—Time Handi cap Trot, aboat two miles, £10; Trial Stakes, w.f.n., 5J furlongs, £10; Hurdle Race, ono mile and a half, £l5: Miners’ Cup, a handicap, seven furlongs, £35; Pony It- on. 14 hands and under, four furlong-, £5; and Flying Stakes, four furlongs, £lO. Tho lists of new or renewed electors’ rights recently i-suod are now being compiled. Tho figures for Ballarat East ora 532, as against 913 for 1895-6; and for Ballarat We-t G7S and 1174 respectively. In most cases the numbers fall abort of those on tho roll for 1595-G, bnt this is usual with tho first year of the now triennial as compared with the last year of tho previous triennial torm. Compared with three years ago, however, there is, on tho whole, a slight improvement in tho renewals. In tho usual course, the goueral elections will not take plaao iu this colony till September, anil con3oqueutly there will be another op portunity tor onrolment on tha supplemen tary rolls, but slioald there be a dissolution between April and August, only tlioso on the rolls now being prepared will be able to rote. An elderly man named Patrick Power was arrested yesterday by Constable Montague on a charge of having stolen a rocking chair, a suit of clothes, a blanket, and a qnilt, of the total valne of £2, tho property of his son, Jamas. Power. There have been lively times in Melbourne, writes a contemporary, over the good old fisoal question, which has turned up for discussion as frosb and vigorous as avor. Protectionists are amazed to see tiro strides which their free trade opponents are making, and the camp of Trenwith, Mmger, and company is seriously disturbed. Quite lately tha freetraders held a couple of successful meetings in those strong holds of protection—South Melbourne and Port Midbonrne. Tha fact is undoubted that tho principles of free trade are gaining ground slowly and surely. Most of tha brightest in tellects in the city are on tho side of the Cob denites, and the influence of the presence of such meu in a fiscal battle is vory great indeed. In addition lo the Melbourne artists already mentioned in connection with tho Lyric Or chestra concert on Christmas night, Mr Hautrio We-t, jun. (lata of the Victorian Orchestra, and at present a meinbor of the O-ora Houso band) has kindly promised his assistance. Bulcli’s Model Band will play a programme on tho balcony of tho Club hotel, next to Messrs R. Tunbridge and Sons’ Arcade, Lydiard street, at 8 o’clock to-night, as follows:—March, “Chef d* (Euvre;” selection, “Joan of Arc;” waltz, “ Mountain and glen;” ■ohottisohe, “Flirtation;” polka, “Simplicity;” march, “The rousor;” selection, “ Gems of Columbia;” waltz, “ Morning breezes;” maroh, "The dashing dragoon;” “God save tho Queen.” The sixth part of “Glimp- es of Australia,” forwarded for Gordon and Gotcb by Mr R. T. Vale, comprises very pretty views of tho Hawkesbury Elver, N.S.W.; the Supply, River, Tasmania; Adelaida from tha p ug j Office Tower; the National Park, Sydney Deloraine, Tasmania; the Watts Creek, Farn ahaw, and numerons illustrations of city and bnsh life and architecture. As announced elsewhere, Messrs R. Tan bridge and Sons’ furnishing arc-de will remain open until 10 o’clock to night. The firm have au immense stock of presentation goods, which they are offering at special prices Prout’a Ballarat Brass Band will play the following programme of music in the R itcnda opposite The Star office, this evening g ; _l March, “Washington Greys;” waltz, “Bine Al satians;’’ selection, “ Golden Crown;' 1 polka (cornet), “Esmeralda;” waltz, “Love’s old sweet song;” selection, Verdi; march, “ The Ronser;” “God save the Queen.” In preparation for this Christmas season the premises of Mr Chuck, photographer* Sturt street have been extensively altered and decorated, and now form a complete and com fortable o-tablislimant. Mr Chuck in an itlier column advertises a special show for this evening. The town-clerk of Geelong (says tho A User) is in receipt of a lotter which was ad dressed to the ex-Mayor of Geelong (Mr H. P. Richardson) by Mrs M. J. Bayonne, of Monroe street, Hoboken, Now Jersey, U.S.A. It addresses the ex-mayor as “Mr Lo Presi dent de la Province, Victoria, Goolong, South Australia,” and tha writor asks for any in formation regarding her anot, whoso maiden name w.is Susan Flynn, but who married Mr D icon, a captain of a p issongor etc un-*r, 35 or 3S yoirs ago. Mrs Bayonne says that tha captain was very prosperous in gold mining and tho wants to obtain information regard ing tho family. 