A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM. DAMAGE DONE IN THE CITY. Yesterday was another very tri ing day, the thermometer registering about 94deg. in the shade, with little variation for many hours, and standing at 142deg. in the sun. At about half-past 8 in the even- ing the oppressive heat culminated in a violent thunderstorm, accompanied by a heavy fall of rain. The storm lasted tor only about fifteen minutes, and during that time the lightning and thunder were decidedly alarming. Reports are to hand of some damage in places, and of consternation occasioned at Trades-hall. The fall of rain registered at the Observatory was 50 points. As to the prospects for to-day Mr. Baracchi, the Government astronomer, is not particu- larly reassuring. Speaking at 10 o'clock last night he said that a repetition of the thunderstorm was probable, particularly in the country. They were at a disadvantage in framing a lorecast, as, since the absence of Sir Charles Todd in Western Australia, they had not received the customary reports from Adelaide, and information from the west- ward was always of great value in forming a judgment. But on the whole, he said, the indications appeared to be for a continuance of the close weather for another day. The wind would probably veer round to the south, but he did not hope for a great deal even from that change. A METEORITE AT TOORAK. Toorak felt the full effect of the storm, and, according to a report received at the Russell- street police barracks, got something more than its share of the trophies. An officer of the force, well known and re- spected for his veracity, telephoned to head- quarters stating, "I have just heard that a meteorite has fallen on Toorak- road, that it has damaged the tram track severely, that it was like quartz, and that it has been broken up into small pieces and divided amongst half Toorak as a scientific curiosity." When this message was investigated it proved to be rather more than usually exaggerated. Mr. Reynolds, livery stable-keeper, and others saw a ball of fire strike the tram track and rebound into the air. A moment later they could find no trace of the fiery visitant. The damage to the tram track and the quartz trophies were added to the story as it made its way to the city. SENSATION AT THE TRADES-HALL. The thunderstorm was responsible for a very unexpected sensation at the meeting of the Trades-hall Council. About half an hour had passed in the ordinary discussion of business, and though the lightning flashed out- side and the thunder growled in obbligato chorus the members of the council, scorning the powers of Nature, devoted themselves with the more attention to the settlement of the rights of man. Suddenly a portentous crash was heard, a blue flame, as of the demon scene in the pantomime, lit up the room fora moment, and then abso- lute darkness fell upon everything. With commendable coolness the members dived for their locally-manufactured matches, and by this flickering light groped their way out of the chamber to find a refuge in their former discarded hall. Fortunately no one was hurt, but the shock was sufficiently severe to split the roof as it had never been split before—not even by Mr. Stephen Barker— and to burst open the bolted doors. The whole of the rear wall of the room was also severely shaken, and it is believed to have sustained some injury, but this can only be ascertained by a detailed examination. TRAGIC FATE OF AN AGED WOMAN. A VICTIM OF THE STORM. A sad tragedy marked the storm at Moonee Ponds. Just before the thunder and light- ning commenced, a widow, named Mrs. Comber, 70 years of age, who had been pay- ing a visit to a friend, left to hurry to her home in Dean-street, where she resided with her daughter-in-law. The coming of the storm decided her to hasten homewards, and as she had not far to go no one accompanied her. She did not reach her home. About 9 o'clock a neighbour of hers saw something peculiar amongst the seething stormwater which was dashing down hill in the channel in Dean-street. The neighbour called the attention of her hus- band to the object in the channel, and he drew it out, finding that it was the body of the old woman Mrs. Comber. Dr. Flanagan, of Moonee Ponds, was called in without delay, but his services were of no avail, life being extinct. Whether the woman had been struck by lightning and had perished through the shock or by drowning was not definitely ascertainable, but probably she had been overcome by shock, and falling in the channel had been drowned and swept away in the flood waters. The body was removed to the late residence of the deceased, and the police, who were communicated with, arranged for the holding of an inquest. ELECTRIC LIGHTING AND TELE- PHONE STATIONS. SEVERE DAMAGE DONE. Formerly telephone exchanges were places to be shunned during electrical disturbances such as that of last night. On one occasion an operator in the Bendigo Ex- change was thrown fron his switchboard and hurled down a flight of stairs by a flash of lightning, which at the same time dropped all the shutters and set all the telephone bells in the city ringing, The operator was more frightened than hurt, fortunately, but ex- experiences like his led to improvements which have rendered the lot of the tele- phone operator much less dangerous than in pastyears. In the Melbourne Exchange no damage was done last night. All the shutters win dropped, and many kept on dropping, so that the operators had a hard task to find which subscribers were calling and which were not. At the new Australian Electric Lighting Company's works, Richmond, the results were much more serious. The heaviest of the early flashes of lightning severely damaged one of the lines, with the result that all the lights on that line were extinguished, and many of the clubs, coffee palaces, and larger of the city public places were instantly thrown into darkness. The electric company's misfor- tune was the gas company's harvest, and the homely illuminant was more largely burned last night than it has been for many a night past. The damage done was purely elec- trical. None of the employes were hurt, and the necessary repairs to the machinery were got in hand so quickly that the electricity will be available as usual to-day. SERIOUS DAMAGE TO FOY AND GIBSON'S. The sudden rush of storm waters over the roofs of the establishment of For and Gibson, in Collingwood, last night, was attended by serious damage. One of the gutterings, unable to carry off the vast accumulation, gave way, and a perfect deluge ot water poured into the shop below. The particular department affected contains stock valued by the managers at £50,000, and within a minute or two the floor of this department was covered with water to the depth of some inches, and bales of valuable goods were awash. Fortunately a large number of employes working overtime were available for the emergency, and while some mopped up the water with bucket others bored holes through the floor so as to drain the water off into the basement, where the stock was smaller and less valuable. One bolder than the rest braved the lightning and the storm, and climbed on to the roof to knock away portion of a brick wall which was retarding the escape of the flood from the roof. The total damage done is said to have been very heavy. THE WEATHER IN THE COUNTRY. BENDIGO, FRIDAY.—One hundred acres of grass and some fencing have been destroyed by fire on Mr. N. Hart's farm at Newbridge. BRIGHT, FRIDAY.—A severe thunderstorm passed over the township last night, accompanied by rain, which continued for 12 hours without cessation, and had the effect of extinguishing the bush fires which were raging in the locality. BIRCHIP, FRIDAY.—The weather has been ex- tremely hot during the last week, the thermometer registering as high as 108deg. in the shade, with very high hot winds. Water is getting scarce, and the farmers are carting it from Birchip for 20 miles à ron ml nearlv all the Uni s In llio district .mini;' IfOllCJllli I OASriIMMNr ruiPAV-The heat eont.ut.es to t L excessive unit oppressive, and to day tho thcrmo inot-i npstLiod 1) leg in tho shale I arl. this moraiiij, a lulu dhow tr foil bul a heal \ clow npour Is needed llei lnj,o is tia _lr¿ as tinder and a check has beul (,i\ LU to \ citation b* tliL drought. UINGIMN AUUI W KDXÍ>SUA\ -A terrible hush fire raced thromrh tho for.st on tho 4th and fitli lum in -»weeping a poition of this nnd tho ntijoln mu pirUhoH of Worina loora and Welshpool Tho im u-is finned b) a ficrco galo of wind, and tho hettlcrsui.li the creates-difficulty managed in nearly tien inaUnee to savo dwellings and outbulldliiire Most of the residents hav chad bush Uro experiences mother pirt-j of the'colon), but all declared that this forest liri, w a_ the mwt most tornillo ov cr cxponenced Callie mid horses were paialvicd with terror lor tunn.-l. tho j,iass in tho clump was too t_reen to hum so iii ii, the Um of etock was not added to that of feiiLc* 1 rom I ostor 1-ast to tho Albert HU er. ne.ri) au miks, tho fire extended andnevcr haiBUch dei aviation been created b\ a bush fire in this di, tnct of ¡south Gippsland Careless use of Aro was, as ubimi the callie OIin.Dl_lïS. THU.ISDÀ\ -Tho weather is still hot ami suliiv with no immediate sign of a chance The bush lires nie still burning furiously Later re ]H>r(_ aro 'o hand that much damage nos boen dono to fencing and buUdinirs Mesan* Harton llrothers, hop miowera havo sustained gieat loss, having had their hop kiln cooling shed, also appliances for drying pressing, &,c, a« well as a barn, willoh was full of ha), burne to the ground The. have also lud three hundred hills of hopi dcstio)cd The dwelling houso was also hi great danger, but with di(.loiili) was saved Mr Miholls of Allambee, also MasaButTcrer, ho having had a lljlifa trap, almost new deatroved hy tho Haines also some fencing Hush (lies are raging all round, und as the windi aro using great caro and watchfulness will have to bo exercised 1 OIIUOA, TBIDA-. -A serious biuh fire broko out on Xupsdav jubt across tho Munai on Mr Lddys farm near bevon milo gate The tiro opicad to Mr l-hibev'ä propon), and theiico on to Mr Dorwards, the latter being saved from much damage Tho lire continued to spread how cv er, through tho adjacent forest and at one timo threatened tho Cunimer^n>n Mission Station, but nil bauds wete «urned out nnd tho progress of the llames 8tai ed It ?.till progressed in the forest and was burning nt Iciest ad.ires having been radng for several da>a The damage done will be considerable Tho heit jos Unlay was \ory trying the maximum registerfor the tcason taking place, lOlideir in the shade last night a thunderstorm broko oi or tho tow n, and helped to cool the atmosphere material!), but len Httlo rain fell To du\ has been dull nud clo«e HORSHAM, IIUDAI -Alaric fire started on the hills on the Horsham feido of Wartook on Sunda) Jtswcptwith tremendous forco dawn the lal lo., at the head of whtch is the principal water storage of tho Western \\\munera Irrigation and Water Suppl) Trust, its progress being 'hat of a devouring shcot of .tarni The house occupied b) the caretaker of the blorage Mr O M Quillan was _a\ed with the greatest dllllculu, and the stables, outbuildings, and fencing surrounding tho place were total)} destroyed Tho Aro haling done ii. utmost in tho \ alley found its way to tho hills on the opposite eldo to that upon .which It Btnrtcd, and when Mr M Quillan left lins morning it was still burnlug tierce]), lhe origin of the outbreak Is unknown I.II.MOIIE. I niDAT -Since last Sunday the w eather lias been abnormal!) waim, the hithest temperature for >ears having been rcgiatcicd Alargo bush lire lias been racing all tho week in the neighbourhood of bunda) Creek and Wandong sweeping ei enthing 1 eforc it several battlers in the local it, narrow 1\ escaping tht destruction of their homesteads ' Tho principal sufferers oro Messrs Collins ilorllglv, linn and Kian Unless rain comes soon the loss lu the district will bo vcrj great. SUNlîUnY, riUDAv -Report« arc to hand of a hush lire lhafc broko out at Jiulla earl) In tho wtek Several boys ran a fox into a log, and Bet tho lattor on tiro to burn rcjnard out regard less of ron tequencees Tho gross which is ter) dr> iirnlted, and tho llames spread rapid h in tho direction of broadmeadow s No damage w as done sai o tho gra-_ uni somo fencing, but a number of properties in the IracK of tho fire were hi great daiiLer SASSAFRAS, FRIDAY -Another bush fire broke out on Wednesday afternoon, near the junction of the Perrin's and Sassafras Creek. WANGARATTA, I AIDA. -A bush fire broko out on Warb) Hanges on Thursda), in a paddock occu pied as a gracing area b) Mr James Unen, of Wan gatulan, and ran sei on miles before fe could bo ulamped out It. course was checked bj a fall of lain during last night The lire passed through tho paddocks of Messrs M Knight Jackson, W illiams, \\\ Trotman, and J Brien and Mr Trotman s largo woolshed narrowly escaped destruction The flames raged flerccl. through tho strlngv bark and grass trees, and much fencing was destroyed WANGARATTA, tiiiDAi -A violent thunderstorm, accompanied by ver) vivid lightning and a slight fall of lain passed over tho town in a northerly direction ut lu o clock last night, and tho strong wind did much damage to fruit gardons in various parts of tho district A large semaphore was blown down in tho raihii) station j ard and fell across the lino u ftw minuten after the Sidney express had } iib.cd, and the signal box on the platform vas Mhghtli affected At Isorth Wangaratta Mr Gios man b windmill was struck b) lightning, and the eulls and vane were shuttered as if sttuck by a shot i f i oin a cannon When the (donn had passed over Wangaratta a man named lames Dailly, 20)ears of n_a was found lung »..anise a fence In ono of tho fit teta in a comatose state Ho was removed to tho local hospital mid was speechless for «everal hours. It is thomjit that he was affected hythe lightning, but hi lus now recovered STOKM AT ALÜUIIY. AWUMISG ACCIDENT TO DANCERS, ALDUftY, FniDur. Dmlii? a lénifie uinj.itid thunder storm which ]m;cd over Allmrv last nfirlil (doini; very Consider- able dimane to property), tho gablo end of a largo but k hall, used ana club room, was blown In while ii mimbi r of \ oung men w cn, holding a dancing class in it, nnd a reniai kable escape from serious arc. den t v ß u \j ern need. Tlic hlliinr bncka, some toi.sof « hith were throvwi in hy the force ot the wind, crutrtiod tlm-ugh HIL floor (an upstairs one) occupied by the j ming nun, and tho whole mass of wrtckago carrie<l uieh it font of the dancen, to the ground floor, about. '-Oit below Ihej were rescued In an insensible con- dition, bung mu.h brimed about the heads and Indies, bul no bones were broken. Only a few innuitnts befoia the Btorui burnt a number of joung girls nnd >oung men had hit the hall. Heavy rain fell in Albury list night, and there is cvciy prospect of inoie, bul the weather Is stdl abnormally hat, Um average tunperature for some Ua>_ being about 1Q_ in lue shade. THE WEATHER IN Till. OTHER COLONIES. SYDNEY, FIUDAY. Telegrams from all parts of tho colony to day record the continuance of the evtreme heat which pi tu ailed during the post week. In the southern district, however, a cool chango with rai nia reported. At .Molong the thermometer registered 103dog. In iho shade, the bo it bein- intensified by a sovoro bush fire which broke out at Billabong run, from 30,0(»rt to lfi.ooo acres being swept by the flamea Hie fire also extended to Gumble and lloccobbora htarions, doing great damage, and it was only got unilir control by men working night and da)'. GUNDAGAI, FRIDAY.-Steady rain fell for two boors this afternoon, It bos now the appearance of cleanup. WAGGA, Titila -The weather continues very oppressive, jestcrday registering 107deç. In the eh ade. A thund-rstorm threatened nt midnight, but passed over. «Slight rain fell thin morning, but onlv rLiidercd tho ntmosphere muggy, A great deal of bickness prevails in the totvn through^thft heat. Tho l>iiah Uren m tho neighbourhood were extinguished./ ttlttr destroying some thousands of acres of grass. 