Uaddenbam ft ems. (hy meteor) The continuance of the hot dry weather is being the cans* of a few bush-fires to start illuminating the heavens at night with their ruddy reflections ; also the first crop of this season's snakes has begun to make its appearance, and the yield iB undoubtedly a heavy one, for snakes are to be seen, not in pairs, but in droves, so they say. This makes a person feel rather uncomfortable, and brings forth the remark that it is a pity St. Patrick, didn't plant the sole of his his torical foot upon our district, so that we might not havo been troubled with such " cravthurs," Last week wo viewed ono of tho largest trees which I thiuk is 1;o bo found near hero at present; it was standing on Mr. B, Wakeling's fftrm, hut is now being cut up to bo sont to tho Sydney marker, as produce. The measurement round tho base was 30 feet, boing 10 feet in diameter, whilst its height was over 150 feet. Mr. Wakeling informs me that there are fully eight tons of wood in it, which is not so bad, for such trees are scarce now-a-days, as nearly all the old raonarchs of tho forest, which used to triumphantly wavo their 'ponderous branches o'er the heads of their smaller neighbours, have givon way before the swing of the bushman's axe,' and have j disappeared f.rum view, so that once where hoary mo:iarchs reignod is nothing now but stumps : still in Gippsland there are trees mora than 15 feet in diameter, and which, when hollow, a man has beon known to ride into on horseback for a number of yards, turn rouud, and come out again, On Thursday afternoon of last week some 200 head of cattle, in charge of their owners (the Messrs. Moore Brothers, from | Raby, near Campbelltown), passed through here en route to Singleton, the shortness of grass in this district occasioning their. removal to fresh fields and pastures new. They take two weeks to accomplish the journey. On Monday there was a picnic on the I Waragamba Mountains, consisting of local residents, the weather being fine. An early start was made for an appointed place, where, when all had assembled, the pro- | limin/iry /operations of lighting fires and | billy boiling wore proceeded with, after J which everybody settled down to more solid 3 work by making aager attacks upon the baskets of good things, which were plenti- I fully supplied. The mountain air has a j reputation for giving people a £jood " happytito,"therefore it is not surprising) that the edibles received such a distinction as to disappear in Co desultory a manner, j However, aftor oil had boon satisfied, a. search wast indu'ged 111 by the youuger members of tire party for' warat^tas, rock lilios, oto., and all came home tired but happy, t'xpressing th«ir opinion that .fciioy I had spent ti vory enjoyable day's ouiiug. I Wo notice that the Bring&lly; faction ink I fighfc lias not come l.n an end yot, and ■ people .'ti e expressing the opinion that thoy hopo it 'won't yet a while, as, oa account of tlio Avrtwaiau massacres bein^ nearly, ■ondod. tliis will bo the only little mivoatioii . vo'lUifive; boaiifi.s-.it is making Bcmgally st dor'uiiB for the inhabitants of th'o nicest sort which reside there. 