BLACK THURSDAY IN FIVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER III. BUT onward flew the intrepid Sorcerer, onward stretched his rider, thinking lightning-winged thoughts of Lorne, and of his helpless, parslysed mother there. With a caution inspired by former outbreaks of bush-fires, he had made at some distance round his homestead a bare circle. He had felled the forest trees, leaving one only here and there, at such distances that there was little fear of ignition. As the summer dried the grass, he had set fire to it on days when the wind was gentle enough to leave the flames controlled ; watching, branch in hand to beat out any blaze that might have travelled into the forest. By this means he had hitherto prevented the fire from reaching bis homestead and he had strongly recommended the same plan to his neighbours, though generally with little effect. Now, the fire was so terrible, and sparks flew so wide on the wind, that he feared they might kindle the grass around his homestead, and that he might find everything and every person there consumed. But, behold ! The gleaming, welcome waters of Lake Colac ! Sorcerer rushed headlong towards it and wading hastily up to his sides in its cooling flood, thrust his head to the eyes into it and drank, as if he could never be satisfied with less than the whole lake. Englishmen, new to the scene, would have trembled for the horse, but the bush steed knows best what he needs ; he eats and drinks as likes and flourishes on it. Smoking hot, the rider let him drink his fill, and all goes well. The heat produces perspiration, and the evaporation cools and soothes him. Robert Patterson did not loose a moment in following Sorcerer's example. He flung himself headlong from the saddle, dressed as he was, dived and splashed, and drank exuberantly. He held again and again his smarting face and singed hands in the delicious water, then threw it over the steed, that now, satiated, stood panting in the flood. He laved and rubbed down the grateful animal with wave after wave, cleaning the dried perspiration from every hair, giving him refreshment at every pore. Then up and away again. He had not ridden two hundred yards, before he saw, lying on the plain, a horse that had fallen in saddle and bridle, and lay with his legs under him, head stretched stiffly forward with glaring eyeballs ; and quite dead. Near him was a man, who was alive but sunk in exhaustion. His eyes turned wildly on the young squatter, and his parched lips moved, but without a sound. Robert Patterson comprehended his need ; and, running to the lake brought his pannikin full of water and put it to his mouth. It was the water of life to him. His voice and some degree of strength came quickly back. He had come from the north, and had ridden a race with the fire, till horse and man had dropped here, the horse never to rise again. But Patterson's need was too urgent for delay. He found the man had no lack of provisions, so he carried him in his arms to the edge of the lake, mounted, and rode on. As he galloped forward, it was still fire everywhere. He felt convinced that the conflagration—fanned by the strong wind and acting upon fires in a hundred quarters—extended over the whole sun-dried colony. It was still early noon, when, with straining eyes, and a heart which seemed almost to stand still with a anxiety, he approached his own home. He darted over the brow of a hill—and there it lay safe ! The circle within his cleared boundary was untouched by the fire. There were his paddocks, his cattle, his huts, and home. With a quick thought his thanks flew up to Heaven, and he was the next moment at his door, in his house, in his mother's arms. Robert's anxiety had been great for the safety of his mother, her anxiety was tripled for him. Terror occasioned by a former conflagration had paralysed her lower extremities ; and now, the idea of her only son, her only remaining relative in tne colony, being met by this once in a lifetime fire in the dense defiles of the dense Otway Forest, kept her in a fearful state of anxiety. Mrs. Patterson, though confined to her wheeled chair, was a woman of pre- eminent energy and ability. Left with her boy, a mere infant, she had managed all her affairs with a skill and discretion that had produced great prosperity for them. Though her heart was kind, her word was law and there was no man on her run who dared to disobey her in the slightest way ; nor one within the whole country around who did not respect and revere her. She had planned the homestead and considered her own physical issues. All of the floors of the station were built upon one level, so that in her wheeled chair she could be at any moment in any part of her house or premises. The moment the first joy of mother and son was over, what a scene presented itself ! The station was like a fair. From the whole country round people had fled from the fire and had instinctively fled there. There was a feeling that the Patterson precautions, which they themselves had neglected, were their guarantees of safety. Thither shepherds had driven their flocks, stockmen their herds, and whole families, compelled to fly from their burning houses, had hurried thither with the few effects that they could snatch up, and bear with them. Patterson's paddocks were crowded with horses and cattle, the bush round the station was literally hidden beneath his own and his neighbours' flocks. Stockmen, shepherds, substantial squatters, now houseless men, were there in throngs. Families, with troops of children, had encamped on the open, ground near the Patterson house, in temporary tents of sheets and blankets. His house was crammed with fugitives, and was a scene of crowding, confusion and sorrow. Luckily the Patterson store-room was well stocked with flour and there could be no want of meat with all those flocks and herds about them. But for the cattle themselves there most soon be a famine; and the moment that the fire abated, scouts must be sent off in all directions—but especially to the high plains around Lake Corangamite—in search of temporary pasture. Meantime fires were lit in a dozen places ; and frying pans and kettles fully employed ; for in spite of flight, loss and grief, hunger, as Homer thousands of years ago asserted, is impudent, and will be fed. The stories that the people had to tell were most melancholy. Homes burnt down, flocks destroyed, children suffocated in the smoke or lost in the rapid flight ; shepherds and bullock drivers consumed with their cattle. Survivors had fled to creeks and pools, and yet some had been severely burnt ; the flames driving over the surface of the water with devouring force. Some had Iain in shallow brooks, turning over and over, till finally forced to get up and fly. Still, as the day went on, numbers came pouring in with fresh tales of horror and devastation. The whole country appeared to be the prey of the flames and men who were a few hours before, out of the reach of poverty or calamity, were now homeless paupers. " The Maxwells, mother," Patterson asked - "Is there any news of them ?" " None, my dear Robert, none," replied his mother. " I hope and believe that they are quite safe. They long ago adopted your plan of a clearance ring, and I suspect that just now they are as much a centre of refuge as we are." " But I should like to be sure," said Robert, seriously. " I must ride over and see." " Must you ? I think you must not,"said Mrs. Patterson. " But if you cannot be satisfied, let some one of the men go ; there are plenty at hand, and you are already worn out with fatigue and excitement." " No, I am quite well and fresh—I would rather go myself," said Robert; " it is not far." And he strode out, his mother saying— " If you find they are all right, don't come back tonight." Robert Patterson was soon mounted on a fresh and powerful horse, and cantered off towards Mount Hesse. It was only seven miles off. The hot north wind had ceased to blow ; the air was cooler, and the fires in the forest were burning more tamely. Yet he had to ride over a track which showed him the ravages which the flames had made in his pleasant woods. The whole of the grass was annihilated ; the dead timber lying on the ground was still burning and huge hollow trees stood like great chimneys with flames issuing from their tops as from a furnace, and a red intense fire burning within their trunks below. Burning earthy matter came tumbling out at the bottom, smoking and rolling on the ground. He was about crossing a small creek, when he saw an Irishman—a shepherd of the Maxwells—sitting on its banks ; his clothes were nearly all consumed from his back, his hat was the merest remaining fragment, scorched and shrivelled. The man was rocking himself to and fro and groaning. " Fehan !" exclaimed Patterson. " What has happened to you? " To Be Continued. 