o TRE ROYAL ACADEMY PICTURES. [By OxoiTCAN.l London, May 8.. On the first Monday in May the Academy opened its doors to the general public. Varnishing days. Press day, and private view ha/i preceded the handing over of the pictures to London and the provinces. I include the provinces wittingly, for not even the Christmas pantomime has so great an attraction for the country cousin as the Academy of Arte. Tiiey come up by encursion train in parties of three r'.nd four. An occasional man punctuates the otherwise unbroken continuity of provincial petticoats. At this date, too, when the May meeting rears its head, the rooms are crowded with clergy of all grades. Spiritual ]>eers are to lie seen here, colonial Bisht»ps are rtlso in evidence, whilst Archdeacons and the lc-ser fry literally cumber the ground. On the Press day one is expected to make the most of one's opportunities. The over-conscientious scribe Sfwnds six solid hours in the rooms attempting to tabulate, classify, and analyse the wealth of colour before him. The unconscientious penman goe^ not near the place, but appropriates to his own uso the industry of his headachy but innustrious brother. Tho wise man of the fourth estate bpends half a dozen or eight urs in all, spreading his visits over two or three occasions. As the Academy does not re xignise the Press save on one day only thin place costs money, but still (jvs. rovlez row. Tho picture around which most interest centres is that of the late President'^. There is nothing either in the catalogue-or around the border of the picture to separate it at all from its neighbours. In the catalogue it appears simply "213, Clytie. The late Lord Leighton, Snetton, i'.H.A." The painting itself s instinct with that ideality of oolonr and form which characterized his " Flaming June" of twelve months ago. Clytie is on her knees with outstretched arms, a full-sized human figure, d raped in orange, with glorious auburn hair. At her side, slightly behind her, ie a marble column, on an abutment of which are resting pomegranates and other frmL A dozen feet immediately above it is a vividly realistic picture by Stanley Berkeley, "An Australian Bushfire." The air is heavy with driving smoke, and the wind hurrying on the flames seems on the point of overtaking the horsemen and animals attempting to escape it. In the same room are portraits of the Lord Chief Justice and Mr. Jnstioe Barnes. Both are in scarlet, and each of them is looking too judiciaL The portraits are the work of Doyle Penrose and W. Llewellyn, and they give the impression of a forced judicial aspect in both caaes. And the impression conveyed, certainly in the latter caseL is an unpleasant one. ISo. 472, by Allan [Stewart, claims many beholders; Lord Leighton's picture touches the pathetic, this the stirring cord. And when all English eyes are turned to Bulnwayo it is no wander that the canvas depicting Wilacm's last stand at the Shangani River collects a big audience. It is inscribed " to the memory of brave men," and the artist has done his work "with restrained and delicate realism. Although death and carnage are necessarily of the essence of tho picture there ia nothing to affront. It is a lesson in valour with no stage effects or mock heroics. The little knot of men shows a gap here and there, where a fallen comrade lies, whilst moment after moment tho rifles ring out, and the smoke growing fainter, hangs cloudlike in eddying circles round the taQ, bare- trunkod trees. There is, no attempt at striking shade effects, in fact, the garments of the men and the parched soil are almost of the same hue, but the eye can detect no 1 outlines and no monotony of colpur. 520, "Bringing Homo the Stag," bv C. E. Johnson, is a charming picture. The mist effect is exquisite, as it rolls from mountain to mountain, as if rt were the spray of a giant billow encircling their bases. The gillies are walking some distance apart, eaoh of them with a stag slung over a pony. The foremost -wears knickerbockers and Etoqt boots, whilst the other ia kilted with a plaid, in effective contrast to his horse and its burden. In the same gallery is "The Nymph of tbe Bay," a nude female form seated with its back to the beholder, who is invited to gaze into the depths of a still bay, whose colour is only rivalled Dy that excellent preparation known as Reckitts' bine. . The picture is not an alluring one, althongh .1 believe the nymph'B proportions show great anatomical ability. Two pathetio pictures must conclude my notioe for the present.' Herbert Dicksee is the artist of the first, and the subject is "A Wounded Lioness." She is seated with her burning fore pa WE in the water at the edge of a lake, and her eyes are full pain and rage. A dull-red wound behind the • shoulder and another in the chest marks the assage of the bullet. It is perhaps a trifle too to have done the work out of hand, but tho angle pas. shows that her pursuers met her on foot. There low was none of the cowardly tree bn&mess;, or the scarcely more courageous howdah with the bullet striking its downwards passage. By her side crouches a cub, the prototype of its mother. There is trouble and" 1 its young eyes, and terror, too, as the mother roars, and beyond on the crags detestable vultures are collecting, watching for death to send them the signal. In "The Leper's Wife" George Harcourt has struck a note which must touch every one who has ever thought out the terrible destiny of the leprous. This disease, rampant during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, was supposed to be a legacy of the crusades. At first there was a donbfc whether wives should follow their husbands who had been leprous or should remain in tho world and marry again. The picture, we may suppose, deals with the period before the Church decided that the tie was indissoluble, and depicts a wife with outstretched arms rushing forward to meet her husband. His head is turned away and covered with a cowl, and he is warning her away with his hands whilst she says "Kiss me in the name of the everlasting God and unto the world's end will I go with thee." The male figure is swathed in loose-fitting sackcloth, and hia atti tude is indicative of supreme despair, whilB$ desire, longing, and affection are visible in the wife's face, with no thought of the repellent and loathsome afiliction. The German Emperor finds his hasty telegram confronting him on all sides. Before it! dispatch ho ordered a first-class cutter to be built which was to have made its ap in due course at Cowes, with the racing owner. His Imperial Majesty has now abandoned the idea of visiting our shores per* sonallj", and is sending over the Meteor IL to 1 x? sailed by Lord Lonsdale aa his representative. The Emperor's choice falls on a very sporting peer, who is an old yachtsman, although only recently won over to racing. In design Meteor II. very closely resemblee Valkyrie III., except that her depth is greater. In profile she resembles a email "rater," and her lead l.eeh weighing 75 tons, is carried rather deeper forward than m Mr. Watson's earlier designs. In connection with the picture of Wilson's little band it is worthy of mention that Mr- W. Gooding, who was one of the three troopers who rode back for reinforcements after Wilson crossed the Shangani, is now starting for tho Cape. Since tho Matabele war Mr. Gooding has been an Inspector of Mines, and is now making all practicable speed to Euluwayo. 