THE STEIGLITZ FIRE Sun 5th Jan 1896 DESCRIPTION OF THE LOCALITY. A GLANCE AT THE DEVASTATION. Almost due north from the township of Steiglitz, built upon the tableland above the hills known as “ The Anakies,” lies the little hamlet of Albion. The road thither lies through a winding declivity between the miniature mountains and through dense thickets of saplings and undergrowth until it reaches beyond the mining centre and loses it self in the deep gulches beyond the North Albion Company’s holding. When three years ago the United Albions Company, whose pro perty has just been demolished, struck rich gold underneath the old Albion Company’s workings, a well formed three chain roadway was formed to the mine, and in the rush for land upon the line of reef, quite a number of primitive cottages, some of them occupied by prospectors and others by employees at the mine, sprang up all along its route; the fillip given to operations at the Waterloo, South Waterloo, Alliance, New Year, North Albion, and other mines, led to an increase in the number, and what with the addition of a number of tents and sapling huts a little township was scattered about amongst the hills. Splendid yields from the pioneer mine led the directors to erect an extensive battery containing 32 heads, to put down rock boring machinery, improve their winding plant, secure a Root's blower, and altogether erect upon their holding a costly and powerful mining plant. Added to this a fine weatherboard cottage was erected for the manager (Mr Wright) on the opposite side of the roadway. To the north west well-fitted offices were provided for the company’s affairs, and at this particular point, at least, the township bore a very respectable appearance. During the last year or more, however, a change has come over the scene. The yields from the United Albions Company fell off, operations were suspended upon other leases, numbers of men were thrown out of employment, cottages, huts, and tents were removed, and on Sunday, when the devastating bushfire swept over the locality, there remained but a remnant of Albion as it was in brighter days. Still, however, there were several cottages, many of which, as will be seen from our correspondent’s report, were totally demolished. At noon on Sunday dense clouds of smoke enveloped the township and continued to grow denser as the afternoon wore on. To the north the sky was lurid with the glare of bush-fires, black cloud-banks appeared upon the horizon, and driven by the force of the hot winds which prevailed throughout the day partially obscured the sky and rendered the township as dark as at twilight. The odor of burning bushes was clearly noticed in the air, coveys of birds driven from the forest swept across the sky and a devastating bush fire was already feared. Shortly after 3 o’clock the roar of the flames was heard, the air grew hotter and more stifling, and occasionally tongues of fire could be seen to shoot through the masses of cloud. Mr Wright, manager of the United Albions, at once summoned the assistance of all the men in the neighbnrhood, and with a view of diverting the fire from the company’s property commenced to cut down the trees to the north of the mine and plant. The work was, however, slow in comparison with the progress of the fire which swept along through the dry grass and undergrowth with alarming speed. Two of the men left the work of tree-cutting, and gathering together all the clothing and portable articles in the houses, carried them to a piece of high and barren ground in the vicinity, where it was considered safe. The whistle at the engine-house was set blowing in order to, if possible, summon assistance from Steiglitz, but the roar of the bushfire, increasing every minute, effectually drowned the signal of distress. At 20 minutes to 4 o’clock the fire was at hand, in a scorching wall of flame, which mounted above the tree tops, and appeared to almost reach the sky; to try and beat it out would have been madness, and Mr Wright and his men were compelled to seek safety for themselves. Its course lay between the claims of the North Albion and New Year Companies’ properties, which fortunately escaped destruction, and it travelled towards the Anakies, and on in the direction of Steiglitz. The manager’s house and offices were first to ignite, and then sweeping across the road and the trees which had been hewn down, the flames took hold of the company’s poppet heads, and almost simultaneously igniting the enginehouse as if it were matchwood, the fire swept on its course, leaving behind it charred ruins, twisted, broken, and useless machinery, smoking trees, and smouldering wreckage generally. The efforts made to save various articles of clothing, furniture, &c.;, proved utterly futile, for, driven by the powerful wind, showers of sparks found their way in all directions, and everything in the neighborhood was totally demolished. If there were 500 men at hand, says Mr Wright, the result would have been the same, for no human aid could have availed. As there was little combustible material in the neighborhood of Steiglitz, the fire was turned eastward, and is now smouldering in the ranges. Mr Wright, sen., father of the manager of the United Albions, who is 75 years old, had a narrow escape from being burnt to death. He was not aware that the fire was so near, and lingered in his house in an endeavor to save some of his belongings. While he was there, however, the building became ignited, and he was compelled to dash through the fire to save his life. Almost the whole of his hair was singed off, and he was burnt on various parts of the body. He was taken to Steiglitz for medical treatment, and was yesterday morning conveyed to the Ballarat Hospital, where he now lies in a dangerous condition. Mr T. H. Thompson, one of the pioneer shareholders in the United Albions Company, is at present m England, and for the last two or three weeks has been negotiating for the sale of the mine to an English syndicate. In view of this fact the destruction of the property is considered all the more unfortunate , although an allowance for plant might be easily made in the amount of the purchase money. For some months past the principal work at the mine has been done on tribute. Mr R. A. Thompson, the legal manager, was absent in Melbourne from Saturday until yesterday; but the directors, of whom the Hon. T. D. Wanliss, M L.C , is chairman, met yesterday morning to consider the position of affairs. It was determined to visit the mine on Thursday, when the adjuster of fire losses will visit the scene. The company’s property was insured in the Victoria Company, of which Mr A. T. Morrison is the agent, at £3500. It is valued in the statement of assets upon the company’s balance sheet, but cost £7700 to place upon the lease. 