TOONGABBIE, (From our own Correspondent.) Tho bushfireB are Lot doing much damage this year, for which we are truly thankful. On Sunday a big one was raging at the back of the town, but I don't think much damage will eventuate. Our usually quiet town was very busy on Saturday laBt, the occasion being a sooial under the saspioes of the Traralgon branch af the Mutual Bailway Employees' Association, About 30 employees sat down to a nice little spread in the supper room of the Mechanics', about 7 o'clook, at which Mr Johnston, one of the members of the Coancil of the Railway Employees Association (in tbe absenoe of Mr A. Harris, M.L.A.), occupied the chair, and prior to the sooial, delivered a few wellchosen remarks upon the benefits and privileges accruing trom having a lawful combination in their middt, and the concessions they had received. He also referred to compensation to railway men, and said they were not treated fairly with regard to retrenchment iu the service, as some of the employees were retrenched more than others, and on these it pressed very heaviljr. He, however, believed things were taking a turn for the better, as some of those in authority were now beginning tothink that the m»n had been reduced too much, and that they should receive their proper dues. Mr JohnBton also referred to the Saturday haif-holiday and the subject of free passes. With regard to the latter, the speaker favored the privilege paBB, and was of opinion that if they Bucceoded in obtaining this it would be a groat gain to the railways. Their association stood far in front ot any other in the colony, and although the member ship roll somewhat diminished through number leaving the service, yet they expected all to join in and lend a helping hand, more particularly the younger mem> bers. It was only right that they should look after their own interests, and if they asked for anything reasonable they would receive support. (Applause^.. [Mr John son also referred to eeyal matters of importance to railway dl»als]. The company then adjourned tothe hall where dancing was indulged in until 10 minutes to12. The musio was supplied by Messis Ferguson fviolin) and ~ Wrigglesworth (piano), assisted by G. Fryer and E. Wrigglesworth at intervals Mr Greaves being M,C. An excellent supper was laid, and was done full justice to, Mr Veitch being the caterer. Tha company broke up by singing Auld Lang Syne, after spending an enjoyable evening Everything passed off without a hitch, and tor this Mr Foekes, the secretary, deserves praise, as he not only worked himself, but roused up the others as well. 