COUNTRYLETTERS. ARDOSSAN, JANUARY 16. Nice steady rain has been falling since 3 o'clock, and there is every appearance of a damp night. Underground tanks have been filled, and the rain appears to have been general. BENDLEBY, January 17. East Wednesday the Bendleby Athletic Club hold its first annual meeting in Mr. James Cornfoot's paddock. The weather was favourable, and people from all parts of the district were present to witness the sports, which passed on well. Praise is due to the Secretary, Mr. S. Dennison, and the commit- tee, who have spared no trouble and pains to make the occasion successful. BOOLEROO WHIM, January 20. A good soaking rain fell on Saturday night and on Sunday, which was very welcome to the farmers, who had been watercarting. The rain will also benefit the fruit gardens. Much sympathy is felt in the neighbour hood for Mr. Davenport, the local school teacher, whose wife died on Friday morning after a very short illness. BORDER TOWN, January 20. Mr. T. C. Haynes, farmer, was a sufferer through a fire which accidentally broke out on his place on Thursday last. A stack of about 50 tons of bay, a wagon-shed, machinery, ploughs, and harness were consumed, and with great difficulty the dwelling was saved. His loss is estimated at over £200. Wheat - carting is now general. Mr. J. Lambert is buying for Mr. John Thomson, miller, at Narracoorte, and is giving 3s. 9d. per bushel. BRINKWORTH, January 13. We have been experiencing some very hot weather lately, which culminated on Monday in a slow drizzling rain at intervals all day. It did not do much good. The reservoir is now dry, and water for domestic purposes is diffi- cult to get. Several robberies have taken place lately, and on Sunday night Wm. Anderson, aged 37 years, who was convicted at Jamestown some time ago for a similar offence, was arrested by M.C. East, of Redhill, on a charge of larceny from the store of Messrs. Murrie and Co. He was taken to Redhill, and sen tenced yesterday, to six months' imprison- ment with hard labour in the Gladstone Gaol. BURRA, January 21. The Burra Town Council held their usual meeting last evening. The Mayor reported that the committee appointed at the previous meeting had interviewed the Burra District Council, asking co-operation in suppressing the sparrow nuisance, and that the district had replied that notices for sparrow destruction would be served on ratepayers directing the destruction of sparrows and their nests. The matter was left over for consideration for the next meeting. The finance report stated that the auditing of the books and accounts had been completed, showing the position of accounts as follows:—General account, dr., £40 03. 8d.; park lands, dr., £81 19s. 10d.; Board of Health, dr., £12 17s. 10d.; main roads, dr., 16s. 2d.; waterworks, cr., £220 14s. Dd.; Cemetery, cr., £35 1s. 1d. The Water works Committee recommended that the waterworks assessment for 1895 should con- tinue as the assessment for 1896, which was adopted by the Council. The committee re- ported that an inspection of some of the meters had been made where complaints had been preferred against the readings. It was resolved that the readings be upheld. BRINKWORTH, January 20. Yesterday the weather was cold, and light rain fell nearly all day, but was not heavy enough to allow of any being conserved. To-day a hot-wind gale is blowing. The Brinkworth Cricket Club journeyed to Yacka on Wednesday last to meet the George- town Club, which they defeated. CALCA, January 8. The weather of late has been boisterous and cold. Influenza has been prevalent in the district for the past two months, and hardly a house has escaped. Heaping is drawing to a close. CALLINGTON, January 17. Mr. D. McSweeney, who has been in charge of the local public school for nearly thirteen years, has been transferred to Merriton. Several leading townsmen and others as sembled on Wednesday evening to bid him farewell, Mr. A. F. Gehrike, J.P., presiding. Regret was expressed that Mr. McSweeney was leaving the district, and it was heartily hoped that both Mr. and Mrs. McSweeney would enjoy good health, happiness, and The silver mine known as the Wheal Mar- garet has been leased by a well-known Ade- laide gentleman. Work is to be started imme- diately. The committee of the Callington Race Club have decided not to hold their annual race meeting on March 17 next, as so many other meetings will be held in the district during the next two months. Mr. H. Lehman is suffering from the effects of a throw from a horse. The fall dislocated his collarbone. He is progressing favourably. The weather is very close and muggy, with every indication of thunderstorm shortly. Feed is scarce and rabbits plentiful. Several farmers in the district of Monarto and mantoo have lost many cattle from what is known as stomach grippe or indigestion. COCKBURN, January 19. Following on the plague of rabbits, wash aways, duststorms, and terrific heat, typhoid fever has again made its appearance in the neigh- bourhood. Five persons nave lately left here ill with this disease, and several are laid up in the township. At a meeting of subscribers of Cockburn Institute the following were elected to the various offices: —President, Mr. H. Gill; Vice President, Mr. E. J. Lane; Secretary, Mr. H. H. Taylor l;Committee, Messrs. A. Tucker, F. X. Beck, H. V. Hayman, and A. C. Harris. DENIAL BAY, January 11. Harvesting operations, with one or two ex- ceptions, are completed. The average for the district will be about eight bushels. The weather has been very disagreeable for the past week, the oppressive tropical heat continuing for several days and nights without change. It is some thing unusual for these parts, as the nights are usually clear and cool. Rain is threatening, and would be very welcome to those who have to cart water, which some of them do a distance of sixteen miles. The water difficulty seems to be a lasting one around Denial Bay. The Government are still trying another bore in the Hundred of Moule, which will be a great boon should it prove a success. EDEOWIE, January 20. The weather of late has been excessively hot, the thermometer having registered 110° and 116° in the shade. On Saturday a somewhat cool change prevailed, and about half an inch of rain fell. For the past twenty-four hours a terrible duststorm has been blowing. More rain is badly needed, as the hot weather has scorched up almost everything, and con sequently stock is suffering. Rabbits are still very numerous in this district, and no action seems to be taken to destroy the pest. EUDUNDA, January 18. After a spell of very hot weather, during which the thermometer registered 106° in tge shade, an agreeably cool change has set in, and at present rain is falling. On Monday last heavy rains fell, replenishing tanks. &c.;, and giving; a fresh appearance to the few; gardens that have survived the dry weather. On Tuesday afternoon last Mr. E. H. Derrington, accompanied by a large party of ladies and gentlemen interested in the mineral resources of this neighbourhood, drove but to inspect the workings of Wittorff's Hope Mine, which is being opened up on the recom- mendation of Mr. Derrington, whose divining rod marked the spot as covering mineral wealth. So far the working is very slow, owing to the nature of the rocks, but two leaders of ironstone, showing copper traces, have been cut, and it is the intention of the prospectors to continue sinking, as gold has been, discovered in stone on the same section. An outbreak of typhoid fever occurred in the township a little time ago, resulting in the death of the eldest son (aged seven) of our local medico. Much sympathy is felt for the parents in their bereavement, as the little fellow was much liked. JANUARY 21. Typhoid fever is becoming very prevalent. Only last week I reported the death from this disease of Dr. Feige's child, and this morning a little three-year- old son of our respected Railway Stationmaster succumbed after, a brief illness. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, as the little fellow was a general favourite and had the appearance of a fine healthy robust child. _ A third case exists in the township—also a little boy. It appears that the most important sanitary measures for the successful treatment of such an insidious disease are entirely overlooked. HALLETT, Januart 14. Sunday was one of the hottest and most dis- agreeable days we have experienced this season. A strong hot northerly wind accom- panied by dust blew nearly all day. On Monday a cool change set in with light showers of rain, 0*370 in. being registered up to 9 o'clock this morning. The late-sown crops this last season appear to have been a complete failure, and unless we have an early season the stock will suffer, owing to scarcity of feed. A vote was taken on Sunday evening at the B.C. Church by request of the quarterly meet- ing as to whether this Circuit should again be added to the Burra Circuit and worked by one minister. It was pointed out that the minister had only received about £21 for the three quarters instead of £75, Four voted for the joining of the Circuits and thirteen against. The minister stated that he would rather go to Coolgardie than remain another twelve months at the above salary. HALLETT, January 19. Steady rain set in this morning and con- tinued to about 5 p.m, about 0*500 being registered. HAMILTON, January 18. A nice rain set in yesterday at 5 p.m., and lasted for three or four hours. It is very cloudy to-day and much cooler. HAMLEY BRIDGE, January 20. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Hamley Bridge Institute was held- on Satur- day evening, to receive the reports of the Treasurer, Secretary, and Librarian, and a good number of members were present. The financial statement showed receipts from all sources £89 12s. 5d.; and expenditure, includ- ing £25 in reductions from mortgage, £73 12s. 4d.; leaving a balance in hand of £16 0s. Id. Books on the shelves numbered 400, sub- scribers 40, books circulated during the year 1,631, and periodicals circulated 482. The new officers elected were:—Messrs. L. A. Wilson, President; M. S. Finey, Vice President; A. P. Buckerfield, Secretary; A. A. Jeffcries, Librarian; C. Wilson, Assistant Librarian ; Messrs. H. Black, J. Black, and J. Graham, committees; and Messrs. J, Bill and W. A. Hudson, Auditors. Much satisfaction was felt at such a prosperous state of affairs, and credit was given to the Secretary and the Librarian. The latter was presented with a silver-mounted malacca walking-stick as a token of the subscribers' appreciation of his efforts. The rain, O0600 in., which fell last week, was appreciated by many who were in want of water. The rain was so steady that none ran into waterholes. The weather is again very sultry and threatening. Farmers having sola just sufficient wheat to meet immediate demands, very little is now being carted, the balance having been stacked in the fields and covered, or in sheds. It will be carted only as necessity requires. HAWKER, January 17. The weather for some time has been very hot. Severe north winds have been blowing, which have been almost unbearable. On Sunday afternoon Mrs. James Sweet, an old resident of the district, died of senile decay at her husband's residence, Hundred of, Arkaba. Her remains were buried in the Hawker Cemetery on Monday afternoon, and a large number of traps and horsemen formed the procession. The Rev. J. H. Goss read the burial service. Four sons and one daughter, all of whom are married, and fourteen grandchildren survive her. On Wednesday last Mr. George Barrett, son-in-law of Mr. Sweet, received a telegram from Snowtown stating that Mr. Inder Hill, a brother of the late Mrs. Sweet, had died suddenly from heart disease on the day previous to Mrs. Sweet's death. The contingent of Maories who are travel- ling the Australian Colonics on behalf of the Salvation Army were here on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings last, crowded meetings being held in the Institute Hall. The takings for the two nights amounted to £17 2s. 6d. January 20. A change of weather occurred on Friday when a few thunderstorms passed Over, but no rain fell. On Friday night we had a few nice showers, and it rained for the greater part of Saturday. Up to 9 o'clock this morning 0'960 inch had been registered. INNAMINCKA, January 9. The last week has been one of intense heat, the temperature for five daj's being over 110' in the shade. On the 6th inst. there was a thunderstorm, and 0*260 inch of rain was re- gistered. There is very little feed about, and rain is badly needed. John Cariage left Coongy Station on the 3rd inst with 500 fats for Adelaide market. Four loads of Durham Downs wool passed here on the 2nd inst. for Farina. MINLATON, January 20. The Minlaton Branch of the Agricultural Bureau held their usual meeting on Saturday, when they decided to offer three certificates of merit for the best- kept farm and homestead within a radius of fifteen miles of Minlaton, the judging to take place in the second week of March. On Thursday and Friday a good fall of rain occurred. This has replenished the water apply. Harvesting generally has been finished. As a rule the crops have been light, the chaff heaps being large compared with the number of bags of wheat got out of them. The heads did not fill out well. MORCHARD, January 20. A delightfully cool change set in on Saturday, and on Sunday morning rain fell to the extent of 1*in. weather is fresh to-day. MOUNT GAMBIER, January 15. A new committee, consisting of two dele- gates from each of the Societies interested in Frew Park, has been formed to take over the management of the ground from the trustees and improve it, on agreeing to pay the interest on the debt and to reduce it from time to time, as practicable. Mr. H. .Lane was appointed Chairman, and Mr. J. M. Carozzi Secretary. It was said that the committee has about £50 either in the Bank or available for the im- provement of the Park, but a much larger sum is required for the erection of a caretaker's cot- tage, the improvement of the bicycle track, &c.; To raise the requisite funds it is pro- posed to hold a series of dramatic entertain- ments, a sports meeting and continental at Easter, and a bazaar at midwinter. The Caledonian Society made a net profit of £58 4s. 4d. on their New Year's Day gathering. The receipts from all sources totalled £265 8s. 6d„.and the expenses (£174 19s. 6d. on the sports, and £32 4s. 8d. on the continental) £207 4s. 2d. A sum of £125, to be added to from time to time, has been set apart for the assistance of needy members and others. A members' picnic will be held in April. The only contract for painting Government buildings at Mount Gambier that has fallen to local men is that for the Public School and residence, which has been granted to Messrs. Brown & Hoyland. The price is £40, and £3 for contingencies. Yesterday Michael Horrigan, Overseer at Benara for Mr. T. C. Ellis, was fined 2s. 6d. per head and costs for branding twenty cattle on the first position—the off-rump—when the second position—the off-ribs—was already occupied by a brand, inspector Williams was the prosecutor. MURRAY BRIDGE, JANUARY 17. Three wild dogs have been devastating the flocks of sheep on the western side of the river in this neighbourhood. To-day sixty-five men, twenty of whom were on horseback, all armed with guns, went out in pursuit. The three dogs were seen, but only one was bagged. A second dog in company with this one would probably have been secured had the young men been armed with double instead of single barrelled guns. There is a reward of £4 each on the animals. Messrs. G. Jaensch and Paech provided lunch for the hunters. Another raid on the surviving two is projected shortly. NARRACOORTE, January 16. A cricket match was played hereon Wednes- day between Narracoorte and Apsley. The visitors went in first, but were disposed of for 28 runs, out of which F. Hoare made 21. The Narracoorte team responded with 104. There being an hour to spare at the conclusion of the match Apsley went in. again, and when time was called they had lost 4 wickets for 73. At the half-yearly finance meeting of the Oddfellows' Lodge, held on Wednesday even- ing, Mr. F. Holmes was elected Financial Secretary. It was resolved that £10 be voted from the Lodge funds, and that a subscription be made among the members for the erection of a tombstone and fence at the grave of the late Financial Secretary (P.G. H. Holmes). NARRIDY, Januaby 14. Harvest operations are over, and wheat carting is now the order of the day. Con- sidering the season the yield has been quite up to expectations, the average being about five bushels. We have been having some trying weather lately, but on Monday a cool change was expe- rienced, accompanied by some showers. A good downpour would be welcome, as our tanks are giving out. On Saturdav night a meeting of those inte- rested in sporting matters was held at Beck- mann's Hotel. It was decided to hold the annual races on February 5. NILLINGHOO, JANUARY 18. This summer is considered the severest for many years in the north-east. On Thursday the thermometer registered 110° in the shade at 5 o'clock, and next day it reached 114°. This was followed by a cool change and an inch of rain fell to-day. The rain is a doubtful benefit to the pastoralists on account of the rabbits. Since November Nillinghoo Station alone has caught 24,000 rabbits at three of their dams, besides thousands that have been poisoned out on the run. Their largest catch at one dam in a single night was 986 full-grown rabbits. NORTON'S SUMMIT, JANUARY 16. A meeting of the Mothers' Union took place in St. John's Schoolroom, Norton's Summit, , on Thursday afternoon. The proceedings began with afternoon tea. Lady Victoria Buxton, who presided over a very good at- tendance, read one of Mrs. Sumnor's "Addresses to the Members of the Mothers' Union." Mrs. Gawler also read a very good paper on "The Training of Children." Those present were much interested and strongly im- pressed with the usefulness of the Union, and eighteen became members. It was proposed to hold meetings once a quarter, but as the majority wished, them to be more frequent it was decided that they should be held once a month. ORROROO, JANUARY 18. It has been hot and dusty since the cool change early in the week. Yesterday at Walloway the thermometer stood at 110° in the shade at noon. The wind turned towards the south, and it became cool in the latter part of the afternoon. Light showers fell during the night. It is cloudy this morning, with in- dications of rain. ORROROO. JANUARY 20. It rained a little at intervals on Saturday. Early yesterday morning steady rain set in and continued through most of the day, nearly an inch being registered. This morning the sky is clear and it is again hot. PEKINA, January 20. Harvesting operations have been brought to a close in this locality. The return has been the poorest known in the district, the average having been about 3 bushels to the acre. But though the yield is low the price is en couraging. The weather has been very unsettled during the past fortnight, the heat harjng been in tense at times. Yesterday morning a steady rain set in from the east and continued without intermission during the day. Quite an inch and a half fell, which has dispelled all fear of dams and tanks going dry this year unless a long drought prevails. PENNESHAW (Hog Bay), JANUARY 20, Barley-growing operations are at a standstill in consequence of nearly 2 in. of rain being re- corded since last Thursday. A steady rain is now falling. This is unfortunate, as several fanners are in the midst of their threshing. So far little damage has been done, hut they feel anxious till they have their wheat in bags. PORT AUGUSTA, January 17. A horse attached to a cart backed over the embankment to-day for want of a protecting rail. Nobody was hurt. The weather has been threatening for rain all day. There has been thunder, but as yet only a few drops of rain have fallen. PORT AUGUSTA, JANUARY 19. The excessive heat came to an end on Friday, since when we have had some fine showers of rain. To-day fully half an inch has fallen. The emigration west still continues ; several will leave next week. Business is very dull. The water question has been occupying atten- tion for a few weeks, and the report of the Conservator of Water is anxiously looked for. The rain we have had will no doubt tend to stop the heavy drain on the water system for irrigation, but the outlook is very serious indeed. The committee appointed to arrange a pro- gramme for the Show met on Friday last, and a list was prepared for presentation to the general committee. It is proposed to give away £35 in prizes. The monthly public meeting of the Women's Temperance Union was held on Friday in the Institute, the Rev. C. Martin holding a question-box. PORT ELLIOT, JANUARY 18. Steady rain fell yesterday lasting for twelve hours. This will do good in supplying house holds with fresh water, but in all probability it will have the effect of starting the new grass, only to be scorched up by succeeding heat. The influx of visitors to the town since Christmas has somewhat subsided. The weather now is delightful. PORT GERMEIN, January 18. Another pleasant change in the weather occurred yesterday. Steady showers set in after 4 p.m. and continued till dusk. The night looked stormy, but very little rain fell. The gauge recorded 0"250 inch. Residents are quite satisfied with the supply of rain water secured. The weather is still unsettled. PORT GERMEIN, January 20. Steady rain set in on Sunday, and com tinued throughout the day, 0'670 being recorded. It will tend to spoil the little feed there is left. Many faimers are very glad of the chance of getting a good supply of rain water. The Race Club held a meeting at the Pier Hotel on Saturday evening, when a programme of events was fixed up with prize-money totalling £70. PORT LINCOLN, January 17. A social evening has been tendered in the Institute Hall to Mr. T. W. Horn, Clerk in the Bank of Australasia here, who is being transferred to the Adelaide branch of that Bank. Mr. Horn, who has boon here about four years, was presented with a handsome gold chain and locket by his friends, and he leaves for Adelaide by steamer Ferret to morrow. There have been a good many nautical visitors here this summer. in their yachts, amongst them Mr. Belt, in the Shona, Mr. Fisher Beard, in the Solus, and Messrs. Bur- ford and sons in their fine yacht Empress, which is still in our bay. Mr. Burford has a large party of thirteen on board, and they have had some good shooting and fishing. They express themselves much pleased with the beauties of this lovely harbour. January 18. Mr. C, Bray, the local public school teacher, was, on very short notice last week, transferred from this township to Willunga; and we understand that his place- is to be taken by Mr. I. C. Richardson, of Halbury public school, but of this no official notice has been yet received from the uepartment of Educa- tion. After a period of close sultry weather we have had an agreeable cool change, and steady rain fell yesterday. The downpour is wel- comed by those having gardens and empty tanks. Some 1*260 in. fell since Thursday evening. PORT VICTOR, JANUARY 17. The weather to-day has been very wet and close, with thundery conditions. The rain will do good to the fruit-trees and the vine- yards. The grapes are looking well this season. QUORN, JANUARY 16. The New Uroonda Copper-raining Com- pany, having had to cease operations owing to the lode cutting out, removed all the light articles to Quorn by spring- dray, and arranged for a wagon to bring the other heavy things to Wilson and forward them by rail to Quorn. The teamster in a joke picked up an old billy can which was rusted through in many places, and, with the othor items, consigned it. The following is a copy of the account which the Company was required to pay to the Railway Department:— 16cwt. ore, 5s. 6d.; 1 anvil, 3 qrs., 1s, ; 2 well-buckets, 1s.; 1 billycan, 1s. The explanation given by the authorities is that tinware is a separate rate, and the Company had to pay the shilling on the can, which was thrown into the scavenger's cart. REDHILL, JANUARY 17. A trap accident occurred on Wednesday night to Dr. A. F. Smith and Mr. A. J. Beale, caretaker of the Redhill Forest Reserve, when returning from Crystal Brook. The buggy in which they were driving was over turned, owing to one of the wheels coming off, and considerably damaged, but fortunately the occupants escaped uninjured. The horses got clear of the trap. Another accident happened yesterday afternoon to Mr. William Osborne, in the employ of Mr. Nicholls. In going through a slip-panel, riding on the shafts of a wagon, his left leg came in contact with a post and received severe injuries. At a sale of farm stock and implements, held on Tuesday last, high prices were realised and every line sold. The attendance was large. Hay in the stack has firmed again, and a fair figure per ton can be obtained, but holders are reluctant to quit. Wheat is also advancing, 3s. 8¼d. being offered at the nearest market. A great improvement in the weather has taken place. RENMARK, JANUARY 16. The heat has been very trying lately, the thermometer registering 112° in the shade at times. An entertainment was given in the Mission Hall last night in aid of the Hospital funds. Mr. H. Boucaut, of Jamestown, gave a short lecture entitled "Looking Backward," and the Orpheus Society sang several part-songs. The attendance was fair. The apricot crop has been almost all dried, and the "Fruit Union" expect to pack about 14 tons. The river is still falling slowly, and it is understood that the weekly boat between here and the Bridge will cease running for a time. SNOWTOWN, JANUARY 17. The remains of Mr. Inder Hill, one of the oldest settlers in this district, were buried yesterday in the Condowie Cemetery. The ; Rev. S. C. Mugford, Bible Christian minister - of this Circuit, officiated. Six of the brethren of Snowtown Lodge, I.O.O.F., No. 19, acted as bearers, and the Noble Crand, Mr. J. W. Gravestocks, read a portion of the service at the grave. The funeral was largely attended, there being nearly forty vehicles well loaded, besides a number of horsemen. The Bible Christian choir sang an appropriate piece at the grave. The residents very much sympathize with the bereaved widow and family. STIRLING EAST, JANUARY 20. On Sunday morning the Bishop of Ade- laide preached in the Church of the Epiphany at Crafers to a large congregation. He made an eloquent appeal on behalf of the Church day school, to which thcoffertory was devoted; there was a liberal response on the part of the congre- gation. In the afternoon the Bishop preached in the Church of St. Stephen, Uraidla, His Excellency the Governor, Lady Victoria Buxton, and suite attending the service, and His Excellency reading the lessons. . There was a large attendance. In the evening the Bishop preached In the Church of St. John's Mylor. The edifice was crowded. STIRLING EAST.JANUARY 21. A social was held in the Lecture Hall of the Ashton Memorial Church on Monday night. The Rev. W. H.. Conn stated that in July last a banquet had been held to inaugurate a fund to lessen their liabilities by £220. It had meant a great deal of labour, but the whole amount had been raised. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to all in and outside of the district who had rendered practiced help. Mr. T. Whibley s moved and Mr. W. Radford seconded a vote of thanks to Mr. Cann for his indefatigable exertions. Songs and recitations were given and fruit refreshments served. Mr. A. O. Thomas, of North Adelaide, gave a lantern lecture on New Zealand at the rear of Mr. Cornelius's residence, Bridgewater, on Saturday night. There was a large attendance, and the proceeds were in aid of renovation of the local church. SUMMERTOWN, JANUARY 17. A Christmas-tree and sale of goods took place on the Institute on Thursday in - tion with the Bible Christian Church. Mrs. C. G. Gurr declared the sale open. Mr. Vince moved a vote of thanks to Mrs. Gurr, and Mr. Gurr, on behalf of his wife, replied. By this effort the Church debt will be reduced by at least £25. TANUNDA, JANUARY 16. The annual meeting of the subscribers of the Tauunda Institute was held to- night in the Reading-room. The President (Mr. J. H. Walden, J.P.), presided over a small atten- dance. The total income for the year was £46 153., the expenditure £52 1s. 1d., and credit balance £50 7b. 11d. During the year 143 volumes in English and German have been purchased. The library now contains 2,400 volumes. Much regret was felt at the discon- tinuance of the grant in aid, and hopes were expressed that the Government would see their way to give a decreased grant. [The grant in aid of subscriptions has not been discontinued.—ED.] The following officers were elected for the ensuing year: —Mr. J. H. Walden, President; Mr, J. E. Juttner, Vice-President; Mr. H, C. Rundle, Hon. Secretary and Treasurer; Com- mittee, Messrs. G. Auricht, C. von Bertouch, jun., J.Jacob, jun., and L. Aim; Auditors, Mr. S. von Bertouch, J.P., and Mr. E. Auricht. TARLEE, January 15. The chaffmill lately erected in Tarlee com- menced cutting to-day. Messrs. Kubale, Long, & Co. have supplied a long-felt want, aa previously hay grown in the neighbourhood nad to be carted to Riverton or Kapunda, and in the past farmers, rather than go to the ex- pense and trouble of carting, have let the crops grow into wheat. The mill is expected to cut from 12 to 15 tons a day. TELOWIE, JANUARY 14. The heat of last week ranged from 100°. to 106° in the shade. A cool change came on Sunday afternoon. It rained lightly most of yesterday, the mercury falling to 74°. Many are looking for a good downpour to replenish the water supply. The fruit crqp is very in- ferior where no water is available for irrigation, and some of the younger plants are showing signs of the dry season. The fallowed pad- docks are almost changing their location by continual drifting. TELOWIE, JANUARY 20. On Sunday rain fell continuously, making the total for the week 1*100 in. During the last twelve hours a terrific east wind has been blowing, carrying clouds of dust. The tem- perature has cooled down. TUMBY. JANUARY 9. Last Sunday's weather was the hottest and most trying we have had this season. An in- tensely hot wind came from the scene of the bushfires that were raging. The glass registered 118° in the shade. Much damage was done to gardens; apples were scorched on the trees, and those that were blown off were literally baked to the core. In spite of the efforts of those who fought it, a bushfire between Koppio Station and Kapinka de- stroyed about ten miles of fencing and a large area of good grass, the property of Mr. Thring. A very large fire has been burning for about a week in the vicinity of Port Lincoln, and the atmosphere is full of smoke. Reaping is about finished, and wheat is coming slowly to the Bay; 3s. 7½d. is being offered for the best. Many of the crops have turned out very light—in some cases only 40 and 60 bags were taken off about 200 acres; other spots have gone 8 and 10 bushels to the acre. The first crushing for the Alpha Grinder and Fourmill was a load of oats delivered to-day by Mr. S. F. Potter. They are of the Brown African variety, and averaged abciut two bags after fully one bag to the acre had been destroyed by vermin. They wore grown on Mr. letter's block near the Burrawing Mine. Messrs. Thorpe & Barraud expect to be able to start the mill on January 22. A trial load of wheat was brought over the new Stokes-road to-day by Mr. H. Gale. The road is yet in a very unfinished state, and another set of contractors are at work from the Stokes end. Had the road been properly supervised from the first it would now be in good order. TUMBY. JANUARY 16. The weather has been very hot and change able. causing a good deal of sickness. We had a little rain on Thursday, and on Sunday a thundershower came up from the north-west, when 0*300 in. was registered in about seven minutes. This rain appears to have covered only about one mile in width, and where that fell half an inch for the week has been gauged. Luckily the reaping was all finished before the damp weather set in. Wheat and chaff carting is now in progress: 3s. 6½d. per bushel, and 4½d. extra for bags, has been given at the jetty for good samples. TUMBY, JANUARY 17. Steady soaking rain set in early this morn- ing, and half an inch was registered by 9 o'clock. There is no sign of it clearing. Dams and tanks are filling up. URANIA, JANUARY 14. Wheatcleaning is just about finished, and for the past three weeks wagons of wheat have been passing through to Port Victoria. We have had very hot weather lately. Last Sunday was a sweltering day, but a thunder storm, accompanied by driving rain, came on about 3.30 p.m. It continued at intervals throughout the night and for the greater part f Monday. Many people were getting short of water, but this timely rain will supply their wants for a while. WELLINGTON, JANUARY 18. Mr. B. Short has addressed several influen- tial gatherings of the Mutual Provident Society's policyholders in the principal centres. In every instance resolutions were passed recommending the members to secure his re-election as Director of the Society. WILSON, JANUARY 20. We experienced trying weather here last week. Rain fell during almost the whole of Saturday, about an inch being registered. It is hot again to-day, and the air is laden with smoke. YARANYACKA, JANUARY 10. Since Sunday, January 5, when the ther- mometer ranged from 103° and 104° in the shade, we have had sultry weather, followed by a little rain. The Stormbird is expected at Lipson's Cove -shortly to tak$ca eaqgo of wheat sad . WOOL •••«•• Reaping is now finished, and I consider the average yield to be4or 5 bushels to the acre. « . January 17. Heavy ram fell this morning, the reoord being 0*400 in. at 8 o'clock. : It is still POilPOg. ar:'; .g;i: t r JfCAEr^h-. Alter. sr spell of yeiy hot dry weather a steady shaking nun,set i» from me north on' Saturday, continuing all day on Sunday. The total registered waslUOinehes. It will do a lot of good in various ways. ; ; - 