THE WEATHER IN THE COUNTRY. NORTHAM. BUSH FIRES HAY STACKS DESTROYED. NORTHAM, January 5. After a week of the hottest weather ever experienced here comparatively cool weather is now being enjoyed. A strong cool wind from the south-east set in abut 10 o'clock on Saturday evening, rendering the atmosphere out of doors delightfully cool. Daring the whole of the week very many of the residents slept on mattresses in verndahs or gardens. The average shade temperature from Sunday to Saturday last may be set down at 115 degrees. On Friday at 3 o'clock it was 112 degrees, while at the railway station it was 117 in the shade. All through to-day the heat shows an average fall of 20 degrees. The highest reading during to-day has been 88 degrees. This morning at 8 o'clock the thermometer showed 70 degrees, while on Thursday and Friday previously at the same hour and place 96 and 101 were recorded. These registrations have been taken from the same position throughout the week, the thermometer being hung in a verandah relieved from the sun's rays after 10 a.m., and may be regarded as a fair minimum. In more exposed positions the record was much higher. The oldest resident cannot recall such a spell of intense heat Sickness has been considerably increased during the week, and the hospital is full of patients, including several typhoid cases. Six deaths have occurred, including four infants. Out of these one death was from typhoid and one from sunstroke. The want of a public water supply has been severely felt by residents unprovided with underground tanks. Experience has proved that where a sufficient catchment is provided the rainfall is sufficient to give every private dwelling house a supply for the year. The Government are now despatching daily sup- plies of water to Woolgangie and it is believed the difficulty has been fairly met, but the supply of 20,000 gallons a day must be regular until rain has replenished the tanks, along the railway line. It is expected that the excessive heat will shortly be followed by heavy thunderstorms. Three fires have occurred during the past week, for which no cause is assigned, except in one case at Meckering, where the fire was due to a severe whirlwind which was seen to encircle hay-stack, which immediately burst into flames. A bush-fire was raging a mile off and it is supposed to have been conveyed from it to the homestead. The sufferers are Mrs. Jessie Hammond, resident at Seabrook, who lost about ten tons of chaff already bagged and sundry improvements; Mr. Fred. Combly, Meckering, who had sixteen, tons of hay, sheds and implements destroyed; and Mr. Charles Matthews, Northam, who had 40 tons of hay and stables burned. Con- sidering the intense heat and great quan- tity of dry feed everywhere remarkable im-' munity from bush-fires is being enjoyed. NEWCASTLE. SERIOUS DAMAGE TO FRUIT CROPS. MUSCATEL CROP ENTIRELY DES- TROYED. NEWCASTLE, January 5. The weather since the first day of the year and for a few days previous has been most unbearable, the thermometer ranging over 100 in the shde daily. The following are the readings:—January 1st, 104; January 2nd, 109; January 3rd, 112; January 4th, 112. Once the thermometer reached 155 degrees in the sun, Each day scorching winds added to the terible dis- comfort. The thermometer reading was 92 degrees at 10.30 p.m. on the 3rd inst. Serious damage has been done to the fruit crops. It is reported that the muscetel crop is entirely destroyed. The loss is estimated at about £1.000. In some places the heat is destroying the young orange crops, and scorching op leaves of all kinds of fruit trees. Young blue gums suffered even more severely, being literally bleached white. The settlers state that such weather was never before experienced in the district. Fortunately her has not been a case of sun- stroke, and the health of the district is generally good. The thermometer reading today is 88 degrees in the shade. 