NEWS IN BRIEF Brief then-What's the news.-KING JOHN Mr. R. W. Dunstan is away on a trip to Brisbane. Miss Maud Becke left last week for Brisbane on a holiday trip. The Carols sung at St. Matthew's Church of England on Christmas night will be repeated next Sunday evening. The tender of John W. and James Laughton has been accepted for additions and repairs to the St. Albans Public school, £126. Mr. S. Burdekin is said to be in any thing but good health just now, a circum stance which will cause regret to his many friends in this district. Rev. P. Fitzgerald, who will retire from the Ministry in March, has been over 25 years in Windsor. He proposes visiting New Zealand for a brief holiday. The Postal Department has at length agreed to have the footway in front and at the side of the Post-office asphalted, and work was commenced on Thursday. Little local interest is so far being evinced in the forthcoming Windsor municipal elections. It is not even defi nitely known whether there will be any opposition. Mr S Hordern has promised a donation of 20 guineas to the Hawkesbury Agricul tural Association this year. Mr and Mrs Hoidern are natives of the district, and take a great interest in it. A specimen of " The New Woman,' riding a bike, and having " them all on," paid a visit to Windsor on Sunday last, and astonished the natives, and the horses attached to street vehicles. Mr. J. Miller has a good collection of aboriginal weapons, procured by him whilst he was out in the Diamantina country. Jim is said to be rather an ex pert at boomerang throwing. It was in 1865 that the Postmaster General's office was made a political one, and its first head was Hon. J. A. Cunneen, a Hawkesbury native, and a representa tive of the district in Parliament, Lord Hampden has already paid a fly ing visit to the Hawkesbury, and has spoken of the beauties of the river. Dur ing Lord Carrington's lengthy stay in the colony he never once steamed up the prettiest river N.S.W. possesses. One Committeeman at the Agricultural Society's meeting last Monday desired to move that no vegetables should be allowed to be exhibited at the next show " but those grown by Europeans or naturalised Chinamen." He didn't press the matter. The collection taken up at the Swim ming Carnival's sports recently amounted to about 26/-, and as the attendance num bered at least 1500, the contributors aver aged a trifle less than a farthing each. Some people will die poor if they don't speedily become less liberal. The aboriginal and his wife who came over from the Diamantina country with Mr. J. Miller, have gone back again. They secured a pass to Bourke some days ago, and will, after reaching that remote place, have to tramp 700 miles to reach the place from whence they came. The first tenders for the conveyance of mails between Sydney and Windsor were called on 6th December 1825. On March 28, 1828, the first postmaster at Windsor was appointed, his salary for the year amounting to £34 7/9. Things have im proved since then, for the billet is now worth between £300 and £400. The Hawkesbury D.A. Association have done well to retain the dairy cow prizes for competition at the next show, as dairying must one day become an in dustry of considerable magnitude in this district. Special prizes should be offered for ensilage and new fodder crops specially intended for use by milk-raisers. Some time ago the committee of a School of Arts not a hundred miles dis tant met in solemn conclave to discuss the advisability of inviting a certain long haired politician to open a flower show. The matter, after some discussion was overruled as it was considered that the committee would " go broke" over the champagne account. Mrs. Henry McQuade, whose visit to Holland in the summer was attended with a sharp attack of scarlet fever to herself and children, is now happily recovered, and, with her son and two daughters, is settled in Paris for the winter. The family talent in music extends to the children, and Willie McQuade won the hearts of all at Harrow by his delightful violin playing. Small Debts Court will be holden on Tuesday next. The " Beacon" (Melbourne) is to band, j and is a splendid number. The annual steamer excursion in connec tion with. St. Matthew's Church of Eng land, eventuates on Tuesday week next. Mr. R. Turnbull's boat, which has been trading on the river between Windsor and Colo, is at present undergoing general repairs. It is time that tbe filthy gutter at the Kable-street end of Union Lane was flushed out. It has been quite strong enough this week to draw a cart, and all the drainage of the block seems to accumulate at one end of it. Senr Sergeant Boyd to the crowd in Court on Tuesday, when they laughed aloud at some miserable witticism on the part of a witness :-" Silence there-you seem to have come here to enjoy your selves." They silenced. Two or three householders have tacked notices outside their dwellings cautioning the Straw-hat Brigade from visiting the premises at unseasonable and unreasonable hours-under pain of the instant " sooling" on of the family bull-dog. The Montagues and Capulets of Pitt Town have not yet settled their vendetta. It is passing strange how antipathies are maintained in these small places- though, truth to tell, it would be difficult for even the most collected of men to " keep cool" during this sort of weather. Mr B Hugging, of the Carrington, has been making extensive additions at the rear of his premises. New bath and store-rooms bedrooms, &c.;, have been erected, thus en closing a nice court-yard with the buildings. The yard has all been asphalted, and every thing is being done with an eye to cleanliness and completeness. The following statistics for the past quarter, ending December 31st, have kindly been furnished us by Mr A Gates, C.P.S. : -Births, Males 22, Females 82; Deaths, Males, 7, Females 12; Marriages 6. And for the year ending December 31:-Births 185, Marriages 27, Deaths 73. The popu lation still increases. Mr J. Sowden has been granted eight days' leave of absence. He has had a very busy time of late, and if anybody deserves a spell, Mr Sowden does. The ready manner in which the Council granted the leave asked for proves that they have every confidence in their engineer, and do not begrudge him the holiday. Mr J. Sowden, waterworks engineer has had a lively time of it during the hot weather. So great has been the drain on the supply that the over-head tank has to be filled three times daily. Some care as to the waste of water, or use of it for other than domestic purposes by persons who don't pay for it, should be exercised. The practice of " ducking" small boys whilst swimming is a thing that is likely to be thoroughly looked into before long. Last week a son of Mr. E. Day's was so exhausted and terrified through being, ducked by a much bigger boy than himself that he did not recover for some days. Small boys should be taught to swim - not deterred and frightened in this way. Following was the postal time-table as it applied to this district in 1888:-" For Sydney and Parramatta daily, Sundays excepted. 3 a.m.; for Richmond and North Richmond, from Windsor, Tuesday, Friday, and Sunday, 9 a.m. Windsor to. Wilber force, ditto, at noon; Windsor to Pitt Town, ditto, at 4 p.m.; Windsor to Wise man's Ferry, every Wednesday, at 7 a.m." Mails ran from Parramatta to Sydney daily, Sundays excepted. At the instance of Police Magistrate Becke, the Court on Tuesday last was cleared of quite a host of small boys who had congregated for the purpose of hearing the New Year's Eve assault case. The Court was crowded, aud one could not help remarking that if all those who spent the day there had been at work elsewhere, they would have been effecting at least some little increase to the wealth of the community. Great inconvenience was experienced at the the local Railway Station during the holidays through the want of platform ac commodation. The passenger traffic was larger than usual, and, as a result, the trains were too long for the platform. The drivers were compelled to run two or three i carriages past the platform, and then back out, with great risk to passengers alighting. Surely some representation might be made to the Commissioners that would ensure the construction of a sub-way, when the platform could be carried along over the present roadway to tbe necessary length. Watermelons.brought as high as eighteen pence each at Johnston's sale on Saturday last. On Monday next, 18th inst, the Public Schools will re-open, after the Xmas vacation. The building trade in Windsor is very slack just now, and few new structures are to be found in course of erection. A band has been secured for the Church of England steamer excursion. This should be an additional attraction. Mr Ackroyd, now in the employ of Mr R W Cobcroft, is likely to leave the district at an early date, going Sydney-wards. The distribution of prizes to scholars will be made at St. Matthew's C of E. School room to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon. Mr McDonald, the photographer, has re turned after a week's holiday with his friends at Newcastle. Mac enjoyed the change. The heat on Monday last was so intense that many laboring men in the district were compelled to cease work in the fields being utterly prostrated. At the entrance to the river bank reserve, at the foot of Kable-street, two or three posts have been pulled out of the ground, and these should be attended to. There is some talk of an agitation in favor of erecting a pavilion on the local Park. The idea is a good one, but finding die money is the obstacle in the way at present. Mr James Walmsley, of Wiseman's Ferry, still keeps in a low state of health. A visitor after two years says he sees a great altera tion in him. His many friends hope to hear of his early recovery. Monday last was the hottest day ex perienced for many years, the thermometer at Mr Tebbutt's (the Peninsula) registering 116.8. A nice change was experienced on Tuesday and Wednesday. : Last Friday, at the local Police Court, several hawker's licenses were applied for, but no Justices could be found to sit on the Bench. The P.M. being away in Sydney, the applications had to stand over. Hawkesbury farmers, and exhibitors generally, should give some encouragement to the Marsden Park Show Committee by making entries and attending the Show. These institutions do good to the district. At a local hotel the other evening a couple of lads walked in and quite uncon cernedly asked the bar-maid if she kept " Mother Seigel's Syrup." She replied " No," when the lads replied, "Then we'll have a beer each." The Municipal Lists for the ensuing year will be open for inspection at the Council Chambers up till Wednesday next, 14th instant, and all claims and objections must be in the hands of the Council-clerk by that date, so that they may receive consider ation. Mr. Cleeve, an officer from the Depart ment of Justice, is relieving Mr. A. Gates, C.P.S., during that gentleman's absence on his annual holiday. Mr Gates was too un well on Tuesday morning last to take the depositions at the local Court, and this duty was carried out by Mr. Becke, P.M. The Punt Hill is allowed to remain in a most dilapidated condition, the consequence being that it is no easy matter to get a de cent load up. Something should certainly be done in the matter. Perhaps the authorities a're waiting till the level of the bridge fias been raised. Then they may make a good job of it. The steamer St. Albans ran an excursion on Saturday afternoon last down as far as Foul weather Beach, returning at low tide and reaching Windsor Wharf without grounding. It would appear that Mr. Manning's channel-clearing project is so far successful, for since he started operations, boats get over at low tide sand-banks which before they could not negotiate at high tide. Some little time ago a couple of young men, who ought to have more sense, played a stupid practical joke upon a boy who is employed in the same establishment as oue of the men referred to. It seems that they fixed up a bogus summons, purporting to be signed by the local P.M., and frightened the boy into believing that be had to ap pear at the Court to answer a charge of stone-throwing. On the day appointed, he was told to go to the Police Court, but was waylaid, and sent back by one of the men in question. But that is not the worst of the matter. An impression is abroad that the boy really received a summons, and naturally, his parents are so annoyed that they intend to see farther into the matter. Mr. A. Gates, C.P.S., sailed for New Zealand on Thursday. The Quarterly Licensing Court will be held on Monday, 20th inst. It is reported that more than a few were eased o£ some of their poultry during the festive week. Bush-fires have been raging all round the district during the past week, particularly in the direction of Kurrajong. The Fitzroy Bridge over South Creek, with all approaching hand-rails are under going a thorough painting. Mr and Mrs Broome and Mr J D Smith returned this week after an enjoyable trip to Tasmania and Melbourne. Mr Fred Hannabus will take charge of the Waterworks pumping station during Mr. Sowden's absence on leave. The Premier, Mr. George Reid, has been asked to attend the championship swim ming carnival on Thursday next. . A number of improvements to Mr John Burton's property, at the corner of George and Dight-streets have just been completed. Mr J Edmunds, of the Superior Public school, Windsor, has obtained an appoint ment as master of tbe Prospect Publio school. It is to be hoped some movement will be made with regard to proposed alterations at the School of Arts before the winter months set in. Mr. A. J. Viney, of the Railway Hotel, is about to make extensive alterations to his premises-opening the bar-door on the corner. Miss Florence Tuckett will reiunte tuition in connection with her singing class, &c.;, at Windsor on Wednesday next, January 15. That well-known rich agricultural farm of Henry Robinson's, at Freeman's Beach, is to be offered for sale by auction on Fri day next, 17th. On Sunday last a party of about 20 made an excursion to Caddai in the steam launch " Colonel." They had some three or four hours ashore, and spent a jolly time. The few who took advantage of the steamer trip on Saturday afternoon enjoyed themselves thoroughly. We would like to j see these excursions well patronised. There is some talk of an objection being raised to swimming iu so close proximity to the local water-works, but it is quite possible that the majority of the ratepayers will be favorable to the swimmers. Bev. B. Keenan waited on the Chief Traffic Manager during the* week, and was successful in inducing that officer to alter the time of the special train leaving Wind sor on the evening of the 16th inst from 7.5 to 9 p.m. An excellent sample of mandarines have been exhibited in a local shop window during the past week, from Mr H Conlon's orchard, Freeman's Beach. The color of the skin is quite green, but the fruit is full of juice and as sweet as sugar. Stapleton, the champion plunger of Australia, with a record of 56ft 9in, will give an exhibition at the Swimming Car nival on Thursday next. Representatives of the Bathurst Swimming Club will com pete in some of the events. Local storekeepers are reducing the price of their goods by the amount of duty paid on same. Some business-men assert their intention of closing down on the credit system, which is rapidly causing their books to be filled up. A host of ex-Hawkesbury teachers were seen in a bunch in Pitt-Btreet, Sydney, on Wedesday last week :-Messrs J Walker (Lithgow, late of Freeman's Beach), Doyle (late of North Richmond), Kaiser (late of Lower Hawkesbury), and Clements (late of Windsor. The local ladies' Swimming Club is assuming practical form. A meeting has been called for next week (as per advertise ment). Mr Fred Collison has the matter in hand, which is a sufficient guarantee that every effort will be put forward to make it a success. Miss Baker, recently assistant teacher at the Wilberforce Public-school, was on Thursday last week united in the bonds of wedlock to Mr. James Connolly, head teacher at Broken Hill Public-school. The ceremony took place at the R. C. Church, Lewisham, Rev. Father Long officiating. If we remember rightly, this is the second lady that has gone from this district to wed a head-master at Broken Hill, Mr Connolly's predecessor taking his better-half from the Hawkesbury. 