(To the Editor of the Grenfell Record.) SIR,— The Government having reduced miners' rights to a merely nominal amount, should now set to work and place selectors on an equal foot- ing, for there is neither sense, justice, or reason in allowing one man the almost free use of ground anywhere he choses to go, and charging another exhorbitant prices simply because he uses it in a different fashion. It would be cheaper now to give the miner free access, as it costs more to maintain offices and pay officials than what is gained in the shape of fees, and surely it is enough that the community should be deprived of revenue through this objectionable species of class legislation without going to the cost of maintaining unnecessary officials all over the country : better go the whole hog, and make mining free, and stop heavy loss in the future. The gold miner has, I grant, been a great factor in the opening up of the country, but he has fewer claims in that respect than the pioneer settler, whose life has been a hard and miserable one, in thousands of cases a solitary and not too hopeful existence, without the glitter and excite- ment of a gold- field, and little more than a bare subsistence before him —lucky if he can ensure that, for there is the ever-recurring drought to be reckoned with, when the bank will be down upon him ; fluke, foot-rot, and rabbit, floods and bush- fires, and a score of other helps on the road to ruin. The miner has been of great good to the country, but he has been the freest and most independent of all, and there are others equally deserving but who receive nothing like the concessions he enjoys. Take the prospecting vote as an example : there in no justification for this bonus being given to one industry, and withheld from others equally, if not more impor- tant. Then again, let a number of miners con- gregate, as at Wyalong, and Government on their behalf seizes on water conserved by pri- vate enterprise, in effect telling the owners to go to the dev— or the Equity Court, which means about the same thing— and putting the general taxpayer to many thousands of pounds expense over the matter. Taking things all round, there seems a good deal of inequality in the manage- ment of public affairs, and I will cite another in- stance before concluding. In a late issue, you made reference to the fact that ten thousand persons were receiving free rations from one Government instituion alone in the metropolis. There are many country people— some of them I daresay about Grenfell — equally needy and quite as deserving, yet never do we hear of such aid being doled out to them. Let the unemployed collect about Sydney, and work is found for them at Shea's Creek or in the Centennial Park, or they are provided with free passes and shot by train-loads into the country districts, to add to the misery already there prevailing, or they are sent up to work on country road contracts, thereby unjustly competing, with local labour, and creating a deplorable state of things. It seems strange that no country members raise their voices in the House about such things, but everything seems sacrificed to private or party exi- gencies. The Labour party, to whom the coun- try owes much, are limited in their operations by the haunting fear of losing that six pounds a week. The members of the pig-headed Protec- tionist party seem intent on kicking their feet against a stone wall. The Free-Traders have simply played into the hands of a ring of Sydney merchants and importers, and made the burden of taxation to be unequally and unjustly borne. Mr. Reid is deserving of credit for the manful way he has stuck to his colours, and his efforts to cope with the manifold abuses in the Civil Ser- vice, but many have been the difficulties placed in his way, and severe has been the struggle against opposing influences. DICK SWIVELLER. 