CAPiirofors CARPINGS. (IjK CuOXoeiJll.) • Sivjolm's spioch at his pocket borough, was a groat oftent, and emmontly characteristic of tho ma:i. lie laid much stress upon the wonderfr 1 progress made by the colony since ho took the bullock whip to the West AustialLu team. The revenue, ho triumphantly showed, had noavly quadrupled, ri ang from Al lOgtOO to ^l,(j'Jt»,0U0 ; tlio obvious e inclusion being that burly Jack and his moiry men were the cause ot this. And then, tho population jumped from 60,000 to nearly double that number. Sii-john's doings, again. Also tlio great increase in the gold e.\poic. This must bo all duo to the Beloved of Lutibury, tho Wealth of LavLns mmo, and oil;or Forrest fitted Companies. What are the facts? AVestvalia, sb.icu the fact of the existence of payable gold iu her tenltory wan established, was honnd to go ahead, oven if the helm of state had boon held by a bob-tailed " gohanna," or a champion idiot. The colony progressed in spite, and not in consequence of the feted and flattered Forrest fetish. For the Government (Siijolm) to assume the credit for the advent of prosperity to West Australia, is as preposterous as the pretensions of tlio celebrated organ bellows-blower to the Kudos of ha% ing performed tho ilallelujah chorus. There's no denying that the Cinderella of the West has nvule vast strides during the past fow years, but- who can say to what iLinacle sue might havo attaried, had her destinies been guided by a truly liberal and Progressive MLnsfry, instead of a sot of nose-led nonentities, tlio mouthpiece of a. Legislature representing a tenth of tho population, and about a hundredth of tho intelligence of the colony ' phoid seems to be making itself .piite at lima, in (ie raid toil. Paring the past fortnil cases have occurred, and have niidii been aie:d to the Hospitals. Ill some iiist a there is no doubt the disease was e:s-'\vhs.'o. and has been undernoinc the usual incubation before appearing in full dross. On Tuesday last, a patient from one of iho hoarding houses, so bad that 1);-. Latum ordered his removal from the place, was unable to gain admission to the public hospital, as the latter was stated to be •• full v,p." Laving friends, however, he has fortunately found a decent p!;i",e to die in. at Xuise 0 oi alley's. Tho present Government- Hospital 'will, if there is no abatement of the fever boom, bo found utterly inadequate to tlio accommodation of tne wretched victims of a preveutildo disease, and the authorities will speedily have to find funds for extensive additions to the existing wards. It is tolerably well known now, that in typhoid or enteric fever, the patient stands a show for his life, only when properly attended to at the outset. After a certain stage is reached, the be«fc of the local Sangrados upper-: to be iton-plussed, and quite unable to'copo with the enemy. And while a patient is hnoehing around, trying to got -'•ito so.nc quiet place where treatment miight bo available, tho busy bacilli aro getting in tlie ; ': work, so that when, at hangtlp tlio asonlapins and nurse havo a cut'in, tho verdict is often " too late,' and there is one mere passenger booked for the Golden Shore. .Miother swell wedding at Fremantlo. One: more ''the bride looked charming P' Tiie very same words again. When will the f.athly wedding reporter strike something fresh Y if the woman principal at a wedding were as hideous as a Gorgon or as crooked as Mother Hubbard, that penuy-a-liner wouhi use the same old maudlin and mendacious phrase. If she was freckled nil over, with a face like a cooked ham stuck with clov. s, and hair the colour of a bush-fire, jet, in print she'd " look charming." 1 yearn for the advent of the reporter-man who has the pluck and common sense of truth, to do like this : — <; YesLrdav Mr. John Smith, journeyman tniLr of this'town was safely spliced to Miss V.Twann Jones, daughter of the popular pmk hut h r. The job was promptly por- Lrmeo io, the Lev. Stirrgins, who received ten bob La- his half- hour's work. The bride l u t 1 > to the best advantage, bcirg ipi i n rdinary looking girl. if or eyes L 1 i 1 ' md her nose was red. Si.e was ,] '"•....:.",,] jn white, with the usual accessories, j > i l irr » something hoi-rowed ami 11 h n ' blue"—for luck. Her oranjje- >- , \ l5 artificial. The most charming tlni_ai >L her was her bank-book, which «lwnvf.d a cool " thou," on the credit side — the gift of "papa " on her wedding day. The bridesmaids, three in number, (and sisters of the groom), were all alike, attired iii pea- soup colored stuff, with hats to match They did the usual amount of tittering and blushing in the oithodox manner. None of them looked the least charming. Tho bridegroom sported a slop frock coat, pale mauve pants and a white-choker, lie looked nervous and uneasy, and was evidently much removed when the operation was over. Ho forgot to kiss Ins wife, or more likely lie thought he'd have lots of time for that in the sweet bye and bye, when, like Betsy Gamp lie "felt so- dispoged." "With the exception of papa's gift, the presents were of tho usual useless inexpens- ive description, consisting of the inevitable 1 lisci'it-bai'rels, fish-forks, pincushions, cheap clocks, Ci-miibdarushos, and bogus cheques. Tho newly married pair wore sensible enough to go oil'straight to their domicile, without any foobng a,round o a glucose-moon. O S Esperance glories in the possession of a real Poanoiges. a regular fire-brand of a parson—or, as he is styled. Priest in charim of the. Anglican Mission."' On Sundav. Aiu'ii 2(»tli., ii < launched a broadside oi hclv bombshells at his astonished emgregation, who. like most others, were used to hidulce in their pat peccadilloes in comfort lintimr the week, and who considered going to clno-ch on the S iwhath. and anto-ing no the orthodox "thrinpeny bit," balance accounts nicely should Ho charged the residents with immorality and lntcnipcrance 1 Stigmatised the gather- ing in tiie previous weak, in favor of the railroad to Norseman, as " a drunken orgie," and point-blank rebuked, with sternness the leading oilieials ami other eiii/.-ns for taking part i-i it. lie tongue-thrashed seven telegraph operators for taUeing iu the. holy edifice, and in effect told them to " dry up." Xo wonder ihey got their hair off, and, telling the too outspoken devil-dodger that they wcrn't children, rose up, shook the dust off their feet, and gotL- -before the collection, too. Now, a public ape/logy is demanded from their clerical castigator. Mr. Black, the Warden, in disgust, has resigned all the ofiiceshe held in connection with the church, in consequence of tho abuse he and the townspeople received from this eccentric follower of the Man of i'eaoe. I Ls to he hoped the P.ev. Mr. burton isn't paid by results. * a- * •" After a 1 .!, it must, have been positively r> ! f •exiling to listen to a sermon so spicy, and so utterly in contrast to the somewhat ordinary speeches of tho clergy. When Parson Loach was cruising the Eastern Colonies some nionths|ago, 1 believe this very Burton took his pulpit in the church here. But he showed no symptoms then of coming out in a role which seems to be a mixture of St. Paul. Spurgeon and a reel-hot banter, with a dash oE John Knox. Loanerges liurt a should swap seats with f tan on I.-ouch again i. ami try (Lrahlton with a few of his ten if ng tirades. E-perancc can't be a cii'cim :anee to us. for .'ownright depravity. Or, if he's a married man, and has his life insured for a good round sum. he niLdit >ro to ( ae, and open a similar fusillade on th/it hot bed of sinners. 1 fancy the result in this case would astonish him. On Tuesday iii;.' last, close to llanlon's In ndsooie host all-"" . r evangelist of a very ir- icd a motley rowd tor an interminable a: . Put he went slow, and dealt very g fly with Satan. His voice wasn't cxficiL i oiitorir.n—it might have filled a fail-sized p.icking-cass, but in the open a''•.•, it was so di'u'ed as to be quite inaudible a few yards away, besides being masked by tiie rollicking, not to say rude remarks of sundry of his audience, who sought to enccuirage him by sueli ejaculations as, Spit it out old party, get it otT your chest," " Give 'em goss—slate 'cm like h l: You're (gory) well right, mate"—and so on. I don't think tkis apostle had much of , L ntecost. He locked the brilliant uniform aad classic music of the Salvationists, not to mention the handsome Hallelujah Ilcbes. 