IN THE COUNTRY. ARMIDALE, Wednesday.— Yesterday was the hottest day for three years— 92.8 in tho shade being recorded. There was a storm at night, and it Is cooler to-day. The totu! rainfall for last year was 33ln. 66 points, or over an inch and a half below the average for 29 years. November and December gave a fall of I2%ln.' BUNGENDORE, Wednesday.— The statement that tbo Deep Creek Bridge has been burnt is Incorrect. The fire caught the bridge, but was extinguished before much damage was done. Several small farmers were burnt out, and about 20 miles of bush country, between Deep Creek and Braldwood, wero swept by the fiames. Intense heat prevails, with a hot wind. CONDOBOLIN, Wednesday.— The weathor was slightly cooler to-day, the temperature being 104 in the shade. CASSILIS, Wednesday.— The. heat on Mon day and Tuesday last was Intense, the thermo meter registering 101 in the shade. A plea sant change took place last night, when a thunderstorm passed over, and 26 points of rain fell. To-day the weather is dull and threaten ing. KENDALL, Wednesday.— Tho thermometer has registered 104 in the shade for the last two days. A heavy tliuuderstorm occurred last night, accompanied by vivid lightning. Seve ral trees were destroyed. KEMPSEY, Wednesday.—' Yesterday the heat was felt mora than on the previous days. A blinding duststorm from the south blew this evening, commencing at 7.15, and was accompanied by heavy thunder and vivid lightning, but no rain. LIVERPOOL, Wednesday.— Tho beat has seriously affected the grape crop. The vines aro bearing well, but through tho absence of rain, it is feared tho berries will not reach maturity fit for market. Heavy bushfires are roported In many parts of the district, and some heavy damage has been done to fencing. A thunderstorm yesterday cooled the atmo3- phere.althoush very little rain fell. NARRANDERA. Wednesday.— The heat has been terrific during tho last few days, the thermometer reading aa high as 114 in the shade. Bush fires aro raging at Yarrabee and Goreo stations, aud have done considerable damage. NEWCASTLE, Wednesday.— The weather to day has been beautifully cool, with southerly breeze, and the change from the heat of the last few days Is vastly appreciated. NEVERTIRE, Wednesday.— Excessive heat has prevailed here this week, and on Mon day and Tuesday tho thermometer reached 111 degrees in the shado, and in some parts of the town as high as 120. Yesterday a light hailstorm passed over the town, and had tho effect of lowering the temperature consider ably. The weather is still very hot to-day. WYALONG, Wednesday.— The thermometer has during the last three days averaged 113 in the shade. Such extraordinary and sus tained heat has never been felt before in this part of the colony. At present there are no Indications of a change to cooler weather. Water is getting scarce. WATTLE FLAT, Wednesday.— Tho weather has been terribly hot and dry, the thermo meter registering 94 and 96 in the shade for tho last three days. There is no sign of a Change. 