POLICE COURT. ALBANY : SATURDAY, JANUARY 30. [Before Mr. li. C. Loftie, R.M.J OBSCENE LANGUAGE. James lleiinexxij was charged with having used obscene and indecent language on the 29th instant. Three convictions have been recerded against the accused since October la9t. P.O. O'Brien having informed the Bench of the language used, accused was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment without tho option of a fine. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. Captain Curme, R.A. occupied a teat on the Bench. Thomas Hcnnrxsry, a gunner at the Forts, was charged with being in the unlawful possession of a Gladstone bag and a rug, reasonably supposed to have been stolen. Accused pleaded guilty. From the evidence adduced it appears that on Saturday evoning last P.C.'s O'Brien and Gregory, while on duty on Stirling-terrace, noticed accused walking away from the Freemasons' with a Gladstone bag and a rug in hand. Accused was in uniform, and the police being suspicious followed him along l>runswiek-road and asked him where he got the bag. Accused said it was his, but the police officers thinking otherwise arrested hira upon the charge stated. The owner of the bag subsequently called at the lock-up and reported his loes. Captain Curme gave accused a good character. Sergeant Stokes also testified to the character of accused, whom he had known as a steady man and one who had done duty as a policeman at Coolgardie. The Magistrate said he considered accused should have been committed for trial for larceny from a dwelling, but considering the good character hitherto borne by accused he would deal leniently with him. He would be sentenced to three months' imprisonment with hard labor. A JUVENILE fancy dress ball will take place in the Town Hall on Wednesday next week. A THIRD mill, about eight miles in tho bush, at Denmark is about to be erected. 1 he two existing mills are working night and day. SCRATCHING.—Yale Lock was icratched for ail engagements in connection with the Albany Turf Club meeting at 9 aan on the 30th nit. THE steam launch Dimskey will mike an excursion trip round the inner and outer harbors on Monday evening next, weather permits ing. APPOINTMENTS.—Messrs. A. E. Birci and F. M. Bee have been gazetted temprary draftsmen and clerks in tho Departmeafc of Lands and Surveys, Albany, A CRICKET club has been started at Denmark and a set of tools ordered. A tennis or croquet club for the girls is also to be prepared as soon as funds will permit. SHIPMENT OP GOLD.—The R.M.S.Oceana, which left here on Saturday last for England, took with her a consignment of gold from the National Bank valued at £50,000. THE ALBANY RACES.—The amount of nomination and acceptance money received by Mr. E. C. D. Keyser on behalf of the Turf Cub raccs this year amounts to £134 15s, as against £124 5s received last year. UNDER REMAND—Constable Allan, of the Victorian Police force, who applied recently to the Bench here for the remand to Victoria of the prisoner Bernard Michael, on charge of larceny as a bailee, left here by the Oiui;a on Saturday morning. INFLUX ob 1 PASSENGERS.—-From 5.HO on Friday evening last, up to 12 30 p.m. on Sunday, no less than 1,825 passengers arrived here from the Eastern Colonies, viz,: Rockton, 484 passengeis ; Oceana, 261 ; Marioo. 421 ; Gabo, 337 ; and Adelaide, 319. OUR Katanning correspondent wires :— Bushfires have occurred in the vicinity of Katanning during the past two days and one at Maracoonda but they did little damage. One close to Katanning yesterday travelled extensively, but was eventually overcome. It started north-west of the town near to or in Mr. Pemble's paddock. SALE OP BOOTHS.—At the Freemasons' Hotel, yesterday afternoon, Mr. Baesjou, disposed of the publicans and refreshment booths for the forthcoming meeting of the Albany Turf Club, Mr. Reynolds' securing the two publicans' booths for £1110s and the refreshment booths on the llat being knocked down to Mr. Campbell for £2. PASSENGERS FOR ENGLAND.—Among the passengers for England on the Oceana, which left here on Saturday, were :—Right Rev. Dr. Melville, Bishop of New Zealand, and Mrs. Melville ; Rev. Dr. Bevan, of Melbourne ; Mr. William Wright, the Parisian millionaire ; and Mr. E. R. Fairfax, formerly part proprietor of the Sydney Morniny Herald. CREMORNE.—" Slavery Days " proved an attraction at the Cremorne Gardens on Satur lay evening, the attendance being exceptionally large. The grouping and choruses were the features of the evening, while the negro melodies, aud plantation songs sung by Messrs. Speed and Williams proved highly enjoyable. On Sunday evening a sacred concerc was given in the Gardens, but owing to the inclement weather the concert came to an abrupt termination. Last evening " Slavery Days" was repeated. To-night "Ten Nights in a Bar-Boom " will be given. ARRIVAL OF H.M.S. WATERWITCH.—Her Majesty's steam surveying yacht Waterwitch arrived here at 4 p.m. on Sunday. The Waterwitch has just concluded a seven months' survey in and around the Fijian Islands and left Sydney for here on January 16\. When nearing the Victorian coast very dirty weather was experienced which compelled Commander J. W. Coombcs to have the engines eased down and the vessel's bead kept to the gale for fully 48 nours during which time little or no 'progress was made, Subsequently, however, better weather prevailed, and the Waterwitch arrived here safely at the time stated. The Waterwitch is schooner rigged and carries two Gardner guns and two 7-pounders. The men belonging to the ship were busily engaged yesterday in coaling her, after which, probably to-night or early to- morrow, the Waterwitch will leave for Fsperance Bay to begin a survey of the harbor entrance and the adjacent coast. The services of Coastal Pilot Sale have been placed at the disposal of the Commander of the ship in order to expedite the important work upon which the Waterwitch is now about to enter. Mr. Sale has a thorough knowledge of the coast. 