Town Gossip. Brief, then-- What's the news.-- KING JOHN. Miss Madden and Miss Adler Upton have been on a visit to the destrict. Several local residents attended the sports in Sydney on Wednesday last (St. Patrick's Day). A picnic party of local and Sydney people visited Kurrajong on Sunday, and had a pleasant outing. Mr. J. K. Cleeve, P.M., has been author- ized to exercise special magisterial powers at St. Albans. Mr. J. Julian, of Newtown, who has been a great sufferer for some months, died on Wednesday morning. Rev. W. J. Carr-Smith is to deliver a lec- ture in St. Matthew's Schoolroom on Mon- day evening, 29th March. Miss McCauley, who is at present spend- ing a holiday at Yass, last week wrote home to the effect that snow had fallen there. The Hawkesbury D.A. Show schedule is Out, and copies may be obtained of the secretary, Mr. G. S. Guest, or at this office, by intending exhibitors. The Rev. B. Keenan paid a visit to Mr. Jas. Comrie's, " Northfields," Kurrajong Heights, on Sunday last, and afterwards attended Divine Service at the Presbyterian Church. Mr. Allen, a journalist whose writings appear in the " Sydney Mail" and in several stock and station journals of the colony, has been spending a few days in the dis- trict. Mr. George Stevens, late of Sackville, has been away on a gold-seeking expedition out west, and is said to have struck some thing good. His friends wish him heaps of luck. Miss M. O'Hara, daughter of Mr. P. O'Hara, formerly of Windsor, is at present located at Hartley Vale, where she is keep ing a school, and has a large number of pupils under her care. Mr. Peter O'Hara, a former Windsor business-man, was in town last week. He has been travelling the country, and has just come from " out back," where he has been doing a hawking trade. A freak of nature. Among a litter of Pigs belonging to Mr. G. Dickson, one was orn with three ears and another almost without a nose. The one with the three ears did not live long, however. At a meeting of the local Oddfellows on Monday evening last, it was decided to have a procession on the first Sunday in April, when members of the Richmond and Riverstone Lodges will be present. A grey pony, belonging to Mr. C. Gosper, was raffled on Saturday night, and was won by Mr. Arthur Cornwell. This makes the seoond " gee-gee" Mr. Oornwell has won lately, the pair oosting him the sum of 8/6. Several local depositors have this week received a dividend of 4½ d in the £ from a certain " busted" land bank in Sydney. Some of them had as much as a couple of thousand deposited when the bank went broke. At the local Licensing Court on Tuesday last, before Messrs T. Primrose and J. J. Fitzpatrick, a hawker's license was granted to Mr. Peter O'Hara. Another license was withdrawn on account of the applicants not being present. The local Salvationists held an open-air meeting in North-street (Peninsula) on Sunday afternoon last, and as their visits to this part of the town are few and far be tween (whether it is because they believe the residents are all saved or not, we do not know)-quite a commotion was caused. The newly-formed military band gave its first performance on Saturday afternoon, when it appeared in the Park, and went through several selections very creditably. Bandmaster Daly was in charge, and put the bandsmen through a series of march ing and forming exercises. Their playing while on the march was? really good, con sidering the short time the band has been in existence. The following tenders have been ac pepted for the supply of forage for the police ;-St. Albans, John Enright, maize 3/9, oats 2/8, bran l/2|d, hay £5 103; Wilberforce, George Dickson, maize 3/, oats 2/6, bran 1/-, straw £8, hay £5; Windsor, George Dickson, maize 2/9 ; oats 2/9, bran 1/-, hay £5, straw £8 ; Wiseman's Ferry, T. C. Chaseling, maize 2/3, oats 2/dt btfto 1/, bay £415/, stow £4. A black snake, measuring 5 feet 9 inches in length, was killed in the Peninsula on Sunday last by several lads. " The thing was a 'boogee' order-not worth the paper it was written on"-- said Ald. Dean, referring to the recent garnishee business. Mr. De Lissa, formerly of the Windsor Grammar-school, and later of Bathurst, is at present spending a short holiday whh Rev B. Keenan. Some very good hand-painted posters, from the brush of our looal artist, Mr. T. Abbott, have been decorating Windsor hoardings during the week. At the Council-on the garnishee biz. Ald. Dean loq. to Ald. Mortley :-" He came to you crying like a bear that had lost its child, and made you his tool to bring the matter up here." Miss Bisby, Matron of the local Hosnital, is at present away on a three week's leave of absence. The Hospital has been very ably managed since this lady took charge, and she is consequently fully entitled to a holiday. George-street was cleared for a while at least on Monday afternoon last, when Mr. J. O'Brien came down the street with a large sleeper from the bridge, laid crossways on the dray. It took up more than three parts of the carriage-way. An exodus of Hawkesbury people has taken place during the past few weeks-all of whom have gone to West Australia. Several others have made up their minds to do likewise, whilst a few more are thinking seriously of following suit. Mr. A. Nash, who has been at Moss Vale for about 12 months, returned to Windsor last week. Mr. Nash says that work is more plentiful around that district, although like all other agricultural dis tricts, it is badly in need of rain. Whilst Mr. Mitchell, of Sackville Beach, was driving his coach over the new bridge on Saturday last, one of the horses attached thereto fell down owing to a man catching hold of its head to lead it. The animal in its struggle to get up again inflicted a nasty wound on one of its legs. " I am too old in the horn for anything like that"-said Aid. Dean on Wednesday night, when Aid. Mortley suggested that he, as a monied man, might have advanced money to a certain labourer and thus avoided irregularities in the Council's fin ances-" the judgment creditor could waltz in and cop the lot- then how'd you look." One of the laborers on the Windsor Bridge had a narrow esoape of meetiug with a serious accident on Monday last, through falling from the new structure into the river. In the fall he just evaded some of the scaffolding. Assistance was soon at hand, but he struck out coolly for the shore, looking none the worse for his speedy descent. It is on the cards that something will shortly be done to render trafficable (we might say navigable) the footway near Keys' property in George-street. The footpath here is flooded to a width of several yards every time there is a decent fall of rain, and unwary pedestrians frequently find themselves floundering about in a foot or more of water. Among those who left this district for West Australia last week was Mr. Raymond Geehan, who sailed by the s. s. Industry on Saturday. The Wadoonga, by which Mr. H. E. Yeo went, left on Monday. Finding that he had a few more days before the vessel sailed, Mr. Yeo paid a second visit to Windsor, coming up on Saturday night and returning to Sydney Monday morning. Correspondents are invited to send weekly budgets of news from all centres of popula- tion in the Hawkesbury District. It is a poor hamlet, indeed, in which something does not transpire worthy of publication, and it is as well that tbe residents of one centre should know that their neighbours are alive in the next. One would imagine, by reason of the It^ of correspondence from most parts of the district of late, that several of the most important villages it possesses had been swallowed up by an earthquake or demolished by a cyclone. With reference to a foot-note (" No more free advts") attached to a paragraph which appeared in last week's Gazette, it may be stated tha$ its was intended to apply all round, for of l$te there has been a dis position on the part of tea-rpeetiqg, horse racing, and sports promoters generally to have paragraphs published, the right place for which would be our advertising columns. In future only those fixtures which are ad vertised in the GAZETTE, or for which we have had a share of the printing, will be wily ootid#! ift tfj&w; eotanuu* Mist? Levy, from Baipikin, is spending a few days in town, wifH Mrs W. C. Barker. Meadaines T. Lobb and J. Ward left for Cobar on Tuesday, where they intend stay ing for a fortnight. A party from Sydney came to Windsor in a steam launch one day last week. They returned n Jay. A daughter of Mr. T. Bowd's, of Pitt Town, it is reported, has been laid up with typhoid fever for some time. Master Harry Pickup, son of Mr. L. Pickup, is temporarily engaged in the par cels' office at the local railway station. Messrs Madden and Clarke, whose busi ness announcement appeared in last issue, have opened in the premises at the corner of George and New-streets. Most of the farmers have their winter spuds in; but unless we get rain at once they might as well be out, for they will never come up. A pigeon match, promoted by Mr J. T. Town, takes place at North Richmond this Saturday afternoon. The prize will be a fat ox. There must have been quite an influx of visitors to Windsor at the end of last week. The Monday morning train to Sydney was crowded. Reported that the Windsor Grammar School-so long and so successfully carried on by Rev. B. Keenan-is likely shortly to change hands. A number of hoodlums at the moonlight concert exhibited an utter lack of chivalry, by occupying seats whilst many ladies were compelled to stand. Misses E. Fraser, M. Dargin, J. and M. Brown rendered great service at the refresh- ment stall at the moonlight concert on Wednesday evening last. It is proposed to hold a grand concert in aid of the Windsor School of Arts on Wednesday, 31st inst. Several Sydney singers are coming up to assist. Almost every morning this week the water has been cut off for some time, thus causing great inconvenience to householders who had not a supply on hand. The members of the Military Social Club are holding a meeting this Saturday even- ing at the Barracks, to arrange matters in connection with the coming season. Tenders for the construction and erection of four turnstiles, also improvements to en- trances at Recreation Reverve, Wilberforce, close this Saturday with Mr. Geo. Nicholls. Mass was to have been celebrated in St. Matthew's R.C. Church on Wednesday morning (St. Patrick's Day), but owing to the illness of Father Hayes, it had to be abandoned. Mr. R. A Pye has some maize on view at his shop, which was grown by Mr G. Green- tree, of Freeman's Reach. The stalks are lift high, and the cobs, with which they are well-laden, are of extraordinary size. Bush-fires were raging in various direc tions on the Kurrajong on Tuesday. A considerable length of fencing was destroyed and damaged on the Heights. A extensive fire was plainly visible between here and Penrith on Wednesday night. A popular concert, in aid of the Wesleyan Church funds, will be held in the Austra- lian Hall, Wilberforce, on Wednesday next, 24th instant, commencing at 8 p.m., which, judging by the personnel of the programme, and the songs, &c.;, to be rendered, is bound to be an unqualified success. In a useful little book upon Astronomy, " An easy guide to Southern Stars," by M. A. Orr, published recently, Mr John Teb- butt, F.R.A.S., of Windsor Observatory, N.S.W., has written the preface, highly commending the work and complimenting the authoress. Several young ladies made themselves very conspicuous at the moonlight ooncert on Wednesday evening, by running about the ground laughing hideously, much to the annoyance of those who went there to listen. One young man, credited with more sense, made himself much disliked by his stupid interjections. Some little time ago, the Mayor of Windsor wrote to the Department, asking that some of the old planking, tubular rail- ing, etc., might be given to the Council. With the former it was intended to secure the high embankment on the Windsor side of the bridge, and the railing would have Fenced in the oval on the Park. A curt re- ply came to hand this week, stating that the material was required by the Depart- ment. Perhaps it is intended to build a "new" bridge with it in some out-back region. MfM-R* DethickTvisited Windsor on Saturday last. t Mr. George Woodgate is still in a very low state of health. A local party of picnickers intend hav- ing a trip to Kurrajong to-morrow (Sun day). A couple of lady vocalists were un- earthed one night last week at the Minis- tering Children's League. The Richard Coley Masonic Lodge have taken a new room -- that situate above Mr. M. Cummins' hairdressing saloon in George-street. Mr. Tom Abbott is deserving of the greatest praise for the manner in which he worked to make the benefit concert on Wednesday evening last a success. Where, oh where has our Fire Brigade gone? is asked by more than one in Windsor. Surely something could be done to keep the now defunct brigade going. Many owners of land in the Hawkes- bury District have not yet received their assessment papers, whilst others have some time since paid the tax -- and have now almost forgotten all about it. A pugilistic encounter took place be tween two young men in front of the GAZETTE office early on Saturday night, and the thumps they administered to each other could be heard far down the street. Aldermen Mortley and Dean had a slight " brush" at the Council meeting on Wednesday night. The wrangling was promptly squelched by the Mayor, but they resumed the battle after the Council rose. In the Police Court proceedings of last week the defendant in a summons case should have been John Brewer, not William. The Bench evidently tried William, although John answered to that name in the charge. It is not unlikely that Streeton's water color painting of the Hawkesbury river, recently sold to the Victorian Art Gallery Trustees, will be photographed in a simi- lar manner to most of the best Art Gal- lery pictures in Sydney. The newly formed St. Matthew's Social Club appears to be wavering for want of support. Two meetings have now been called but the attendance has been so limited that nothing could be done. Everything at present appears to be stag- nant in Windsor. " Do you think they'll fight ?" queried one man as the small knot of ratepayers retired from the Council-chambers on Wednesday evening, whilst two aldermen were in wordy warfare. " Fight!" re plied another,-" not much, they can talk too well to fight." Some of our residents, who never buy a newspaper from one years end to another can sit down and tell each other all that is in the papers -- the GAZETTE at all events -- much quicker than those who are subscribers. We need "protection" against these animated news-distributors. Several cases of typhoid fever exist in Windsor, and householders should ttike particular care that their premises dtri kept clean and are freely disinfected, whilst the Council should lppk to tne gutters and waterways. The present dry weather is favourable to the outbreak or an epidemic. A daughter of Solomon Wiseman, of Wiseman's Ferry fame, of the name of Elizabeth, married Samuel Gonnerman Dalgety, Lieutenant of the 45th Regi- ment of Foot, and founder of the Dalgety family in New South Wales. Elizabeth died at Sydney 8th February, 1878, and Samuel at Sydney 15th July, 1852, aged 45, leaving four daughters. Mr. James Holmes records the feet that Mr. Walter Howell, about whose family so much has been written lately, in 1838 kept a baker's shop where Mr. Fartoty butcher, now resides, and he (Mr. Holmes) remembers paying in that year, when flour was very dear, 2/6 for two loaves of white bread and the sameprice for three of brown. How would that charge suit customers now ? Whilst Mr. McGuire, of North Rich mond, was driving past the Grammar School on Saturday, his horse was startled by the report of a rifle at the Butts, and by some-means the occupants of th6 vehicle-the driver, a lady and a child were thrown out. The horse managed to leave the buggy aonne little distance away, but took the shafts along with him. Later on he was caught and brought back to town by Mr. A. TurnbuU No serious injury was done to the fak w ho had been &WWR; QUt 