How are You Off for Flour? (by "JAPONIA,") Throughout the County of Cumberland, 1838 was the, driest, of all dry seasons known in Colonial History. There had been no rain to speak of for two years and 10 months. The Nepean River north of Penrith was a mere chain of ponds at that, and where the railway crosses it now, and up and down for some distance, was a sweltering bed of sand, whilst the water was scarcely knee-deep in the deepest part , north of the Mountain gorge. The South Creek , here and there contained some brackish fluid not fit for man or beast. Then Rope's and Eastern Creeks, so far as water was concerned, were simply not on the map. Nature had just put on her very dirtiest garments of brown, save where the dreadful bush-fires had left their broad black mark of desolation. Old Colonists told the tale how the birds, with wings adrooped and panting for breath, stood helpless about or fell dead from the trees in hundreds, whilst the beds of creeks and roadways fairly swarmed with animal life. Possums, bandiooots, kangaroo rats, and every creeping thing from a snake to a centipede — all to escape the bush fires — would find their way into your houses, It was a common thing to find any of these creatures in your beds at night. All delicate vegetation had long since dis appeared — vegetables were not to be procu red. Flour was £100 per ton, and scarce and bad at that; a ship biscuit was worth 1s. Money was of little use for the simple reason that there was nothing to spend it on. Rum was cheaper than water. "How are you off for flour ? " was the common question asked daily." The few scattered pioneer sett lers grew seriously alarmed, and with some reason concluded that their time had come, and bitterly lamented the day they left the dear old Homeland friends far-away. It was indeed hard luck they had left the dear old country with fond hopes of bettering their conditions, only to find a worse state of things. It was a plucky veuture to come to these colonies 60 years ago, we should have the greatest respect and veneration for the venturesome band of pioneer emigrants who first peopled the obscurity of our forests and made the paths straighter for our better civilization. What perils and privations they went through we can scarcely realise now. "How are you off for flour? " seems a bit funny to say. No wonder they longed to return to the old land again. The words of a dear old song that once stirred them up seem but a dirge now :, You are right to seek a far-off earth, You are right to boldly strive When labour is not lost in dearth, And the honest poor may thrive. And sometimes think of the Hawthorn leaves, With the dog-rose peeping through, And often think of the harvest sheaves, Though the wheat was not for you. God speed the kneel of the trusty ship That bears ye from our shore, There is a little chance ye will ever glance On its chalky sea-beach more. It is a long lane that has no turning, and as Joaquin Miller puts it: He comes disguised in many forms : Fair winds are lent a prophecy Of foulest winds full soon to be — The brighter these, the blacker they! The clearest night has darkest day, And brightest day brings blackest storms. Just when it came to famishing point, lo and behold you, springs of delicious water broke out, in various spots, in the Nepean District, one on Major Druitt's place; at Mount Druitt. This was a sudden blessing to all concerned, and was looked upon as a miracle, a Divine Gift and special act of Providence, like the legend of Padre Serro as told by Bret Harte: Then, says the legend (and they who doubt The same as heretics be accurst) From the dry and feverish soil leapt put. A living fountain; a well spring burst Over the dusty and broad campaign, Over the sandy and sterile plain, Till the granite ribs and the milk white stones That lay in the valley — the scattered bones — Moved in the river and lived again Such was tho wonderful miracle , Wrought by the cup of wine that fell From the hands of pious Padre Serro, The Very Reverend, Junipero. Old Mrs. Hales, of Eastern Creek, said: "Cowper, the poet was right - God does move in a mysterious way, His blunders to perform." Old "Billy" Hales said he knew all along it couldn't last for ever, and that the country would right itself now Parson Marsden, the convict flogger, was dead. Young Mrs. Baxter, a raw new chum Englishwoman, said a thanksgiving service should be held at once. Her hus band "Bill" Baxter, remarked that "he didn't suppose God Almighty wanted a fuss over anything He did, and these sudden springs came about through a simple law of nature. "For instance,"said he, "in wet seasons the rivers and creeks are full, and the whole surface of the earth is saturated with water, giving a tremendous pressure, so that under-current s are natur ally kept down. Then, when a long dry season takes place, the earth surface gets light and porous, and so gives the under currents a chance to force upwards; hence the sudden springs. It is common the world over." The time drew near the birth of Christ, Tennyson. Cristmas was drawing near, and not withstanding the terrible times, the people in Wallgrove were going to keep it jolly. Wallgrove is a dear old homestead situ ated on the bank of Eastern Creek, back from the Western Road about a mile, owned and occupied at the present time by Mr. Jaok Herford. It was originally granted to Major Wall, and was established about 1816, At the time I write of it was occu pied by Mr. Thomas Roberts, father of Charlie Roberts, of racehorse renown, in fact, "Wallgrove" is truly an historio place being the first Stud Farm in the Colony; and considering what a sporting community we have become, and what horse racing has developed to, "Wallgrove " and Roberts are names that should never be forgotten. The beginning of things is seldom so interesting and the ending of the same, only to those who began them. It has always been popular to write upon what has been rather than, what is now. Layard upon ''The Last Day of Pompeii," Gibbons, "The Decline and Fall of Rome," Lord Lytton, "The Last of the Tribunes." Walter Scott, "The Lays of the Last Minstrel, Fenimore Cooper, "The Last of the Mohicans." Longfellow, "The last Red Man." And George G....fillans, ex travagant mind, led him to imagine "The Last White Man." Then "Tom" Moore in vested "The last Roae of Summer," with such grace of sentiment, just as if the first rose of Spring wasn't worth a paddock full of old faded ones. So just let us now re member that "Wallgrove" was the first Stud Farm in Australia, and Roberts the first race- horse owner, of any note, and "Mamre" was positively the first orchard and sheep farm, and exported the first bag of wool. ####### The good folks at Wallgrove were early astir on the morning of Christmas eve, 1888 — Mrs. Roberts in particular. She stood amongst her poultry considering which particular ones she would have to kill for to-morrow's dinner. She had a fond partiality for the chookey, had reared them with great care with crumbs from the table, and a handful of imported oats washed down, with one quart of water from Major Druitt's well was their daily fare. Having decided which should be killed, she caught and pinioned them. She then called to "Bridget." Bridget McNab was the cook and general servant, a rare new chum direct from the ship. "Bridget," specially imported, she said hastily, "tell Baxter to come to me at once." "Yes mum," said Bridget, hastening away. Presently Baxter appeared; He was a young robust new chum (English), whom together with his wife were employed on the farm, both being favourites with master and mistress. "Baxter," said Mrs. Roberts impressively, "I expect company to-morrow, and I want you to proceed at once to Parramatta and get quite a number of things which I will dot down for you; in the meantime get the horse in the cart ready to start. "Now, Baxter, when you are ready here is the list," Mrs. Roberts went on to say walking towards the stable in great haste; "The first item is potatoes, don't forget them, whatever you do." Then, emphasizing her words in an unmistakable manner, tapping the paper with the pencil each word she spoke: "If you have to give a guinea each for them, don't come away without them. Now, mind that." "There is no fear of me forgetting any one of the articles written down, Missus," said Baxter assuringly, as he drove off. Mrs. Roberts was full of life this morn ing. She had made up her mind to keep Christmas Day in great style; it was the first Christmas of wedded life for her, it was also their first Christmas at Wallgrove. Father Terry had promised to come from Parramatta and bless the place and partake of their Xmas dinner, and quite a number of his friends were coming with him. No wonder, then, that she was astir so early. "We will just show these Parramatta people how to get up a dinner in this country," she said to Bridget, "I will give you all the help I can; won't the potatoes be a treat I have ordered from Parramatta?" "Holy glory," said Bridget, "sure, we will astound them. The sight of a praty will do us all good, and his Holy Riverence, too." Bridget was very much excited during the day, thinking of the cooking and the company, and meeting His Riverence, as she called Father Terry. They were all so busy during the day it did not seem half long enough. Baxter came back about 4 o'olock in the broiling sun, covered with red dust from the old Western Road. Mrs. Roberts heard the rattle of the cart and met him at the sliprails, anxious to know how he got on. "Got everything," said he, " but the potatoes; couldn't get one if I had offered £5 a piece for them." Poor Mrs. Roberts went back to the kitchen like one who had received the death sentence. "Oh, Bridget," she said, "we are ruined." "Angels of grace, what has happened, mum?" "No potatoes for dinner to-morrow," said the mistress. "No praties for dinner to-morrow," eohoed Bridget, "It's too bad,mum, altogether too bad, still it moight 'av bin worse if ye had bin in Oirland, mum, during the famin whin the praties had the dry rot, thin ye would not only not have thim for dinner, but the divil a meal could ye git on thim for a whole year." Bridget's earnestness and sympathy caused Mrs. Roberts to smile, although she was more ready to weep. "That is poor satisfaction to us now, Bridget," she said, "What will our company think of us tomorrow ?" "Now don't yer worry yerself about the company, since the fault is not yer own, if the sile won't produoe the'praties, will thin the — the divil take the sile, say I." Christmas Day dawned almost too hot to be endured, and grew hotter every hour. Mrs Roberts was up before the sun, and awoke Bridget. Both had a restless and troubled night. Bridget declared "something dreadful was goin' to happen." "As sure as we are alive to-day, Mum, something will happen to one of us." "What wretohed nonsense has got into your head," said Mrs. Roberts in an angry tone. "I haven't patience with you." Poor Bridget, who felt strangely sad at heart, here burst into tears. "Don't be angry with me Mum, oh please don't, I had a horrid dream, sure and some thing will surely happen." "Well, don't cry my girl," said the mis tress soothingly. "Tell me of what you dreamed." "Thin don't scold me, mum; nor laugh at me," Bridget said, deploringly. "I drimpt I was baok again in the Ould Country, in my father's house in Newry Town, and I wint walking in the fields fornint the Convent; and whin I came to the woods that line the road that leads behind the fields I mit my old swateheart, 'Tim '—Tim Cassidy. Sure it was in that I very spot where I first mit him; it was in the viry same spot that we parted in an angry plight five years ago, all because he was jealous, without any cause whatsoiver. But in my dream, Tim came straight up to me, and said, "Is it you, Bridget?" "Sure it is, Tim," said I. "Are you spaking to me, Bridget?" "Sure I am, Tim,' and thin he took me by the hand and kissed me and cried with joy, and, speaking so earnest like, he said, "Bridget, there is not an angel in Heaven half so happy as Tim Cassidy this viry day; I was going to Australy to seek you out and see if you were spaking to me now; and just then you called me to get up, and so finished my dream." " Why, Bridget," said' Mrs. Roberts, good humouredly, "I would call that a pleasant dream, quite a little romance; why should that trouble you? " "That is not all," said Bridget, looking downcast again; "whin I got out of bed old Mr. Hales' black cat came into the room and looked straight into my eyes." Here poor Bridget fairly shuddered, and her mistress could then see that the poor girl had inherited a superstitious dread of a black cat. "It is just half-past ten, Bridget," said Mrs. Roberts, as she stirred up the fire in the kitchen. "Our company will be here in an hour's time. We will have dinner by half-past twelve, or one o'clock at the very latest. As we have no vegetables we must see that everything else is first-rate, and whatever you do don't burn the pastry; I will leave it all to you, In the meantime, I must see to matters in the house." "Ye can safely do so mum," said Bridget assuringly. Amongst the many articles which Baxter brought from Parramatta on the previous, day was a large keg of rum. Everyone drank rum in those days, and it was the real stuff too, all came through the Navy Department; and was pure, as they could make it. Bridget took a good dose of it, as she said to "stiddy me nerves." Then, she went to work in earnest; but she had scarcely started when Mrs. Roberts bounded, into kitchen saying, "Bridget, our company is coming, they are just in sight, much earlier than I expected. I want every one to meet them in the verandah and give them a welcome cheer. So throw off your apron and follow me." "I will, mum," said Bridget, all of a tremble. Then she untied her apron, shook down her dress, patted down her hair, and took another good tot of rum to steady her nerves some more, then joined the others in the verandah. Just at this moment the only baby in the house woke up and commenced to cry at the top of his voice. Mrs. Roberts sent Bridget off at once to see to the child and keep it quiet at all costs, for the company were just at hand. Bridget did so, taking the baby boy out into the garden in front of the house right away out of hearing. Just then three ringing cheers were given as the company stepped out of the vehicles. Much shaking of hands and the usual seasonable compliments were exchanged. Then Father Terry bade all hands kneel whilst he blessed them. All this time Bridget had succeeded in pacifying the child, and had made her way round by the stable into the kitchen just as the guests had got nicely indoors, and the men in oharge of the horses had got to the stables. Mrs. Roberts lost no time in searching out Bridget, so as to relieve her of the child, and so to give her full swing with the cooking. She took the ohild from Bridget and took him to his father. Presently she returned with Father Terry following her, enquiring for Bridget; so Bridget met him between the house and the kitchen, kneeling down she received his blessing. Then he shook her heartily by the hand, and said "My child, I am glad to see you looking so well" "Thank you kindly, yer riverence," said Bridget, curtsying low, "Thank yer kindly. "Turning to Mrs. Roberts, he said, ''Has she served you obediently and satis factory." "She has indeed, Father Terry," was Mrs. Robert's answer. Both Bridget and I are under a deep obligation to you. Bridget was in want of a situation, I was sadly in need of a cook and generally useful girl, and you supplied our wants. I am truly grateful to hear that, Mrs. Roberts, I can assure you," said Father Terry; then turning to Bridget, he said, "And I have brought you a Christmas Box, the finest one you ever got or likely to get." "You are too kind, yer riverince, but yer only joking now " said Bridget, gaining courage. "No joking about it Bridget, I have brought you a sweetheart, he is my coach man, and a fine lad he is too, so what do you think of that? but you must not blush! so, I will send him to you by and bye. Now run away to your work or your kind good mistress will be wishing me miles away.'' Bridget, smiling, retreated to the kitchen — Father Terry and Mrs. Roberts joined the company on the front verandah. "No sooner had Bridget got safely into the kitohen than she quite readily came to the conclusion that her nerves wanted "stiddying" so, she took a good dose to stiddy them. Then she stirred up the fire and added more wood to it, musing the while upon what Father Terry had said to her. "A Christmas box in the shape of a swateheart,"; she said aloud, and with a shade of scorn. "I wants none of his choosing whilst my "Tim '' is alive. Tim Cassidy as kissed me in my drame only last night, and would have asked me to marry him sure enough if the mistress hadn't woke me up. Bad luck to her, why didn't she slape a bit longer." Bridget was getting quite excited again, and made desperate efforts to further the cooking. She started to fetch some water from a cask which stood in the bullock dray near the back door, just where Baxter left it two days ago when he brought it from Major Druitt's spring. A young man stood beside the dray with his back towards the kitchen, but, on hearing Bridget's footsteps, he turned quickly, and confronted her; and, although he was only an ordinary looking man, and not the Devil, or a ghost, or even a black cat, yet Bridget gave a scream which might have been heard out in the front garden, only just then Father Terry was singing in a very loud key an Irish comic song; she let the bucket fall, and then fell flat and motionless herself, just as if the smartest piece of chain lightning of the season had stricken her down. When she came to herself an hour or so later on, she was dimly conscious of being in the kitchen on a bench and some one near her; she was still very much con fused. "Has anything dreadful happened," she murmured, reflectively, "I said all along something would." Then a, voice, said, "Sure no, Bridget, nothing dreadful has happened." Bridget opened wide her eyes, as if from a sleep, saying, "Am I still draming, or, is it you, Tim ?" "It is nobody ilse, Bridget," said Tim. "Are you His Riverence's coachman, Tim ?" "I am. that same, and I am glad of it, Bridget." "Are you the fine Christmas box His Riverence promised me ? " "Sure I am that agin, Bridget." Then I'll pray that His Holy Reverence may live long and have the brightest spot in Heaven, to Bst down upon for ever and ever, when he dies," said Bridget, with great animation. "Oh, this is my dream come true," looking earnestly into Tim's face, she said, ."I was draming only last night about you, and here you are." And did ye only dream on me onct," said Tim, sadly, "by me soul, Bridget, I have been draming of you most every night iver since we parted that night in Cummin's Lane, near Newry Town, long ago." "Don't lit us spake of that unlucky night any more," said Bridget. "Niver no more" said Tim. Suddenly changing the subject, Bridget said, 'Oh! Tim. what did the missus say about me spiling the dinner ?" "spiling the dinner," said Tim laughing "- sure, it is not spiled yet anyway, because it isn't cooked, it was only just in the oven half an hour back by the Missus herself, and nobody wanted any dinner for ivery mother's son and daughter or thim are asleep on the lure." It was true enough what Tim said, no one had any dinner at Wallgrove on Cbristmas Day, 1838, in fact no one but Mrs. Roberts seemed to want it — it somehow had escaped their memories. It is true the dinner wasn't cooked if they had wanted it. The only cook was just a wee, bit indisposed. It ' couldn't have been the rum because she had only taken, about a quart of that. Let us say then that: she was drunk with love and pleasurable excitement combined with religious ecstacy, for did she not tell the Missus next day that it was the sight of "His Riverence" first and 'Tim' afterwards that floored her. Bridget was sure that something was going to happen, and true enough, happen it did: for at four-o'clock , on that day came one of the bulliest storms that ever frightened man or beast. Hail stones lay large and thick on the place where the grass used to grow, every hole was over flowing, whilst the creeks ran a booming flood — so ended the great drought of early history, A divine Xmas Box. A thanks giving service was held after tea, Father Terry remarking that Bridget was not the only one who had received a special gift. 