Chapter III. He left Warebill without doing any more shooting. In Melbourne he loBt his sensation of being in an eriVelope of wiokedness too large for him. He fitted himself like a glove, with only a pinching plaoe here and there. Love between the bonnd and free was by so means a phenomenon in his set. ' Bat in some incomprehensible way his glib phraseology deserted him. It becAtne almost a difficult matter to turn a love speech now. He stammered over it left out rnuoh of the passion, and discon oerted himself. And the eyes of the little bush girl would burn into his soul. He sow them as lamps, l lighting up labyrinthiatt darks of evil, named by him " wild oatdomB," and not even wrong because bo human. , Now her pure eyes blazed into them, dila* ting and incredulous, and her prim, straight lips parted.with a horrified "Oh, how dread fully wicked 1" Thus she stogd in his pathway like an angel with a fiery sword, and he conldnot escape her. Mrs. Faithful! was unsatisfactory, too. She deal: in shoulder-shrogfi and raised eye brows. Also,.she was much pre-occupied in Bocial arrangements for race week. Mr. Faithful! was interested in that week to the extent of £36,000, and a Continental trip was hanging on the issue. Vincent found himself regarding her, at arm's length, with a husband and a pair of starry, pain-struck eyes in between, A letter from his father's friend at Ware hilt Btruck mystification into his soul. Ruth was ill—very ill, and worrying herself into death's valley over Vincent. Would he comet This time he thought of her a'l the way over the mountains, and down the Zig- zag. Every white cloud on the bosom of ihe sky spoke to him of her. He remembered her beautiful sympathy, her little rushes of red and white, her shy eyes—her thin, fluiet hands. He remembered the fete night, when be had kisBed her. HoW she had trembled! No other girl had trembled for him. Kven their surprises had been artificial—and he had known it. He called Ruth a " little shy violet," and became too dismal to emoke. Round Warehill bush-fires were raging: Heat waveshad scourged the land; a burnt earth turned a supplicating face to a red-blue, pitiless sky ; tall earns rocked themselves, and bent and groaned in the sweeps of a wild west wiud. At the parsonage all was changed. The colouring was gone from the garden. Ruth'B flower-beds gazed up to a blazing heaven, sun-baked and ilowerless. In the hall was dirt and dust, and silence. The study gaped book-Btrewn and cheerless. All tidiueas was gone away with sweet com fort. Vincent, who had always before arrived brimful of the vigour of life, felt stricken numb. Ruth's father met him. " If you will go upstairs," he said, I--I— am very busy. You know her room—I will —will you see me later." He went away abruptly, and Vincent took the stairs with hanging head. When he stood by her bedside his chest was heaving. "Vincent!" she whispered,and her hand fled to his. A girl in a stiff white gown moved away from the bed-head, and left the stuffy hot room. "Little Ruth !'* whispered Vincent, and he went down on one knee, and pressed his lips to her forehead. " I want you to forgive me—for—for being so dreadfully rude to you," she said gently. He stammered " There is nothing to for give," and hung his head. She smiled—" And Mrs. Faithful! t" she asfced. He stammered again. " I—I—am not very sure—I " " You do not love her ?" she raised herself on one elbow. " N—no. She is a hard woman." "Oh ... Do you love anyone else?"' in a whisper. He looked awsv—round the bare hot room, and back to her iace. " Last night," he said, " I proposed to—to Miss Vaughan." " Yes?' " And she accepted me." "Oh !'* A long silence, then the girl spoke again very gently, " Miss Vaughan is the lady who went to school with you f " Yes," he said. " And when are you going to be married ?•' " I—I don't know. In a month, I be lieve." "Yes?' ■* Her eyes wandered and then sought his face. "You have forgiven me?' she asked. " There was nothing to forgive," huskily. She sighed. " It makes me very sorry," she said gravely —" You said I had never disappointed you. But I could not help that that time. I would have liked it to have been never. Never to have disappointed you." It "was the girl with freckled face whom Vincent had seen hanging to her arm at the fete who was with her at the last. Her eyes were full of a great thought Everyone else was ascribing Ruth's failing health to the heat waves. She alone, beside small shy Ruth, knew the Becreb Vincent, who had kissed the dying girl's eyes, had wondered for a moment over her convulsive clinging and warm return kisses. But she had turned her face to the wall and Iain very still the moment after. A little Bimple thing whose time to love bad gone before ever it had come, he told himself. A dull pain came into his heart. He might have loved her, he said as he went into the ways of life again. And the living and the loving she was spared, like a child. How should he know of the three years pain and loneliness? The Ted-haired girl buried her secret, and was glad that he was even really sorry. 