Sporting:. While race-horse winnings in England in 1896 amounted to just about half a million pounds, the canny Scot in the North only raced for £11,556. * * * It is stated by " Point " in the " Begister" that at the beginning of the season last year it was decided to sack Geo. Giifen from the captaincy of the Intercolonial Eleven, but at the last moment he was given another chance. * # * Snell (so the " Register " is requested to state) received nothing for his overland bicycle ride to Melbourne—a statement which will not be believed by a section of the community and which will cause another section to say " More fool him.*' * * * Entries for the Gnkaparinga meeting show that the races will this year attract probably more attention than ever. In the Steeple 47 horses are entered, the record to date; the Hurdles have 63, another record; The Cup, however, has only 43, or 12 less than 1895, although more by four than in 1896. # * * There is a story of a Victorian turf magnate, who spends £20,000 a year on his stable and whose horse, at a meeting not long since, ran so curiously that even the stewards had to see it. They called the great man on the carpet, and he scrambled out of trouble by putting the blame on " that confounded jockey of mine." The jockey was promptly disqualified for six months, but he appreciated it little and raised a fearful hullabaloo. The big man reasoned with him this way : " See here 1 I can keep you for your six months, but you won't bo able to keep me if I get put in a corner for that time." One of the sober facts chronicled by the dailies this week is that His Exelleney Sir Fowell Buxton and his party were engaged on Saturday last extinguishing a bush-fire which threatened the vice-regal residence at Marble Hill. Careless thought suggests that although the spectacle of Her Majesty's representative flourishing a wet bag in front of a conflagration may be eminently practical, it its hardly romantic enough to awake a loyal emotion in the breasts of Her Majesty's subjects. There was prospect that Butler, the New South Wales murderer might escape the clutch of the law, and be heard of as the choice hero of a blood-and-thunder piratical novel. The crew of the steamer Burrnah, which lately reached London from. Newcastle, stated that their brother salts on the Swanhilda, in which boat Butler sailed from Newcastle, were as lively a lot as were' ever shuffled drunk aboard ttie most evil reputationed boat afloat, and that they only wanted a leader to help them to mutiny. Butler should have made a good leader for anything of the sort, but his prospects were on 3Tebrnary 2nd destroyed by his arrest. M. Borchegrevink, who failed tlie other day to rouse Adelaide with his scheme to explore the Antartic regions in the interests of suffering humanity, has somehow fired the sleepy Tasmariacs to enthusiasm on tlie subject. At a meeting held in Hobart on February 2nd, it was resolved with cheers and beers that " in order to properly celebrate the sixtieth year of Q.ueen Yictoria'e reign, the Australian Parliaments be asked to vote a sufficient sum to assist an expedition to the South Pole." There does, in feet, appear to be so much gaudy foolishness contemplated to celebrate tie Queen's long reign, that if Victoria dies before next June she will confer a "benefit on the world at large. Butler, the supposed Glenbrook murderer, was arrested by Sydney detectives at San Francisco on February 2nd. The suspect seemed to rather enjoy the situation, and remarked that lie knew Lee "Weller very well. The captain of the Swanhilda asserted that the suspected murderer was the best sailor on his craft, and a very pious man at times Butler, was at the time of his arrest wearing what are declared to bo Lee Welter's boots, and his kit on examination was found to contain some of Captain Wellcr'6 jewellery, Mrs. Wcller's portrait, and, among other lun.ber, a quantity of strychnine done up in powders. Also a lady living near San Francisco claims to be the deserted wife of Butler, and no one will probably contest that honor with her. The arrested man will be brought back to Sydney at once. The Northern Territory Times, published at Port Darwin when circumstances are favorable, must have come to the conclusion that providence is not partial to it. Not long since the editor wailed in his news columns that the Crown had limited his output of printed intellect by Summoning all the composing staff to attend to jury work. That was bad, but at the beginning of' this year the elements got loose and destroyed the town of Port; Darwin. It was an excellent opportunity for a fine dramatic article, and there was one ray of hope in the fact that the premises, although shifted awav into the street by the gale, were in a sufficiently undamaged : condition to make it possible to get the paper in type by using p's for d's and q's for b's,and so on. Just at this'moment of triumph, however, the whole staff got sick with malarial fever and {ifsorted diseases, leaving a disgusted editor to go round to the nearest corner and retail tlie news verballv at two drinks per column, or leave his goods to get stale. 