: AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL j pear1! of pandora iA True Story of Northern Queensland. 1 . ? BY CAPTAIN LACIE. j IN SIXTEEN PARTS. f ? , ? o ? I PART XI (Continued.) . | rPHE younger man seemed to have . ?. 1 lost a good deal of his bravado since that memorable day, but Jarvis was just as fierce and resolute as ever, i Perhaps in his heart he was not so courageous as his younger and more ,j favoured' companion, but he made a t hetter outward mpntnl Rhnw. It was near midnight when the black fellow drew his companions' attention to a peculiar appearance on the star board side of the schooner. His extra keen eye saw something defined or : , bodied out in the pitch darkness which the others could not distinguish. In ! his own way he bawled in their ears— for the noise of the storm rendered ordinary conversation inaudible — that they were running beside land. 'You fool,' roared Bloomfield in ? reply ; ' where's the breakers ?' Pera did not understand what the seaman meant bv that, but he still persisted that Sland was flitting past 1 them. Staring in the direction pointed out by the aboriginal, the two white men at last began to notice something peculiar on the north side of the craft, and as they looked it began to dawn upon them that it was certainly not water. Before they could resolve the matter they felt the craft suddenly begin to labour less and were fancying I that they had run round under the shelter of a headland when the. little schooner bumped violently against some obstacle, and the next moment the three were thrown bodily out amongst a lot of marshy undergrowth. Calling each other in the darkness after the first shock of surprise had passed, it was found that, save a few superficial scratches, no one was hurt. Yet the transition from the boisterous -tumbling of the angry ocean to the firmness and calm of solid land ap peared more like a dream than sober reality. ' Where can we be, Jarvis ?' asked Bloomfield in a dazed manner as he felt his companion beside him. ' We must be thrown on some islet or another, I suppose. Let's stay i where we are until the moon rises. It I may mean death to move,' came the I reply. Each man felt that was the best ? thing to do, and filled with hopes and fears, they waited for light to show what had happened. It was not until sunrise that the wish was gratified, for the moon was ren dered quite invisible by tremendous banks of clouds. As night lifted, a strange sight met them, and soon it ' was apparent they had been driven I some distance along the course of a [ river and then stranded. Their first i care was for the schooner, and to their ' utter dismay it was seen that she had filled and sunk. ! After casting the occupants on to I the marshy bank the force of the im pact had caused the vessel to rebound and she had rolled back and settled in fairly deep water. For several minutes the shock of the discovery made the two men dumb, for if they were on an island the loss probably meant death to them. Suddenly the dwarf gave a cry of dismay, and lifting his head, the face of Bloomfield blanched. A few yards from where they stood was a grave shaped mound overgrown with vegeta tion, and instantly both recognised it as the spot where two years previously Henry Thorns had been shot down. There was no need to look for infor mation further as to the locality in which they were thrown. The Man grove Swamp was to the left, and the hill on which the events already described was being gradually revealed by the lifting mists. There was a look of abject terror on the faces of the ruffians as they realised where they had been cast. It is true that conscience does make cowards of us all, otherwise these sea-tossed waifs would have thanked Providence for their deliverance from death. Had they struck the coast thirty yards north or south of the point they did, certain death must have been their lot, As it was, a special providence seemed to watch over their safety. Bloomfield was the first to lead the way from the marshy ground in which they stood to a dry spot, and then as the sun mounted in the heavens they began to feel more reconciled to their lot. ' We're on the mainland, at all events, and it can't , be many days' journey to where our depot lies. We've got the pearls safe, and even if the . 4 schooner is beyond hope, we will be j able to manage somehow,' spoke Bloomfield. ' We'd better make sure none of the old Pandora people are about here yet. They'd be glad to get hold on us at present. Let's make a searcK on the hill,' answered Jarvis. Though his companion ridiculed the idea of anyone remaining in such a place for over two years, he thought it was better to be sure than sorry, and accordingly he joined in the examina tion, which, of course, only confirmed Bloomfield's opinion. After making sure that there was no one to disturb them they returned to the wreck to see what could be done in the direction of i salvage. It did not take long to find that it would only be wauling time to attempt doing anything with the craft or the remnant of the cargo. Not even a musket could be found though Pera dived repeatedly, and realising the value of time, it was decided to coast round to the north in search of their home in the glen near the wreck of the old Pandora. They had but a faint idea of the distance to be traversed, but none of them were sanguine enough to imagine they would come to the place on the same day they set out. Yet such was the fact. The Pandora had gone ashore within ten mffis of the fatal Mangrove Swamp, and almost due north of it. Had the marooned people been aware of this, they might have acted very differently, though pro bably their efforts would not have ter minated more happily than did the struggles of those under the guidance of Ellen Cooney. An examination of the stronghold showed that nothing had been dis turbed. Everything was in the same position as when left, and after their recent wanderings it was a pleasure for the men to enjoy tbe quiet and luxury of the well-stocked place. The only regret they had was for the loss of the schooner. That was a heavy blow, lor it meant the destruction of a whole year's labour, to say nothing of the value and the convenience of the craft. It also meant a vital alteration in their plans. At least another year must be spent in constructing a similar craft, and it would not be safe to risk a second voyage to the Pearl Islands if they wished to reach the old land, With ten thousand pounds worth of gems in their possession they would be acting wisely in carrying out the intention of going to Java or one of the nearest Dutch possessions. After a few days argument over the matter it was finally decided to begin the construction of another boat capable of carrying them to India if necessary, and the work was forthwith entered on. There was still plenty of material available, and patience, combined with industry, was all required to make the craft. Just opposite where the retreat was a small stream which flowed down the glen broadened out and formed a small marsh. It has already been stated that amongst the cargo of the Pandora was a considerable quantity of rice, and a small quantity of this had by some means got into the marshy ground, where it germinated and grew luxuri antly. This rather pleased Bloomfield, who added to the area, and as the grain got carried down the glen by the water, in the course of a year the whole place became filled with the feculent plant. There did not seem to be any harm in the act, but rather benefit, yet it led to a tragedy. PART XII. It was nearly three months after the return of the party from the pearling trip that Pera, who had left the retreat at daylight to go to where the boat building operations were being carried on, returned in a terrible scare. The information he gave was calculated to alarm the white men also. It was in effect that there was a little ship in the bay filled with men — and the men were not black either. The muskets originally planted in the rock on the range had been re gained when the men returned de prived of their weapons by the loss of the schooner. They were kept loaded and always ready for use, and when Bloomfield and Jarvis — who were hav ing breakfast — heard the alarming news, they got the weapons and pre pared for defence if necessary. Going to the main entrance of the cavern, Bloomfield looked out, and was not a little astonished to see several copper-coloured men examin ing the rice in the glen, and evidently highly pleased with its discovery. Calling Jarvis to his side, the pair at once concluded that the new-comers were Malays or Chinese, and thai was more acceptable than to discover they were of the same race as themselves. They were nearly correct in their surmise, for the men who had so un expectedly made their appearance in the glen were a mixture of Malays and Japanese. The spot where the white men were located was not easily seen, and after gathering a quantity of the rice, the intruders retired without hav ,ing seen the stronghold. Leaving Pera in charge of the retreat with instructions to fire on anyone who might attempt to enter it, the ruffians left the place and cautiously made their way along the side of the range through the scrub to a point where they could get a view of the beach. What they saw filled them with indig nation. The motly group, consisting of fully twenty men, were engaged pillaging the old wreck and also the partlycom pleted new schooner which Jarvis' was erecting, It was the latter fact which roused the watchers to action, for 'it would never do to allow the labour of three months to be destroyed. As for the timbers of the old Pandora, they were of little use, though portions would be required in the construction of the new craft. ' We will have to fire upon them, Jarvis. The brutes will ruin all our work,' exclaimed Bloomfield. ' Shoot the wretches,' growled the dwarf in reply. As if impelled by sudden impulse, the young seaman raised the musket to his shoulder and fired into the group. In a moment all was consternation amongst the yellow men, though none appeared to have been struck by the bullet. They broke away in all direc tions — some running into the glen, while the main body rushed through an intervening belt of scrub along the beach towards the south. Five minutes later the two white I men saw a large arrow shoot out from the south bank and come rapidly towards the wreck of the Pandora. The occupants were armed chiefly with bows and arrows, though at least four firelocks were noticeable, and it was apparont they meant to fight. The fact that several of the intruders had taken refuge in the glen, and the defiant attitude of those in the proah, caused Bloomfield and his companion no little concern. ' It would have been better to let the yellow devils alone. They will give us no end of trouble, Jarvis,' said Bloomfield after he had finished re loading his gun. ' We can keep them at arms' length in the cove. If they try to surround us, we must get back there,' came the answer. ' Some of them are in the glen, and may turn on us at any moment. Let us go there now,' the younger man said. ' Wait awhile and we'll know what the game is. They're only a lot of savages after all, and the longer we play with them the worse it'll be. Look out and I'll give that big fellow a pill and send him to sleep,' exclaimed the hunchback in resolute tones as he pointed to a gigantic Malay who stood in the bows of tlje proah waving an obsolete Queen Anne musket defiantly. Suiting the action to the word the hunchback took careful aim at the tawny man — doubtless a true hero amongst his countrymen — and fired. The Malay had shouted his last challenge, for with the cry of battle upon his lips, the bullet of Jarvis pierced his heart, and springing back wards, he fell dead amongst the crew. So far from this fatal warning having a detrimental effect, it seemed to inspire the coloured men with a mad phrensy. Those holding the firelocks discharged them into the scrub, and the next moment almost every occupant of the craft jumped into the water, and wad ing ashore, made a rush for the thicket in which the slayer of their leader was concealed. Bloomfield hastily fired on the ad vancing men without apparent effect, and as the weapon of Jarvis was not loaded both men realised that their only safety lay in flight. Slipping out of the scrub the two men ran for their very life, while the weird cries of the Malays and Japanese sounded in pur suit. Luckily they did not meet with any of those who had sought refuge in the glen, and once the stronghold was reached they felt secure, knowing they could defend it against a hundred such foes, brave as they undoubtedly were. They had ten muskets altogether in the cavern, and the interior of the place was so arranged that if the outer portion were forced the defenders could take up a still stronger position within. As for the danger of fire, that was remote, and with the blackfellow to keep the weapons loaded, Jarvis and his companion had perfect confidence in their ability to beat off a stronger foe than their coloured attackers were. For more than an hour those in the cavern could hear the shouts and yells made by the infuriated searchers, but through some reason or other they failed to find the retreat of the white men. About ten o'clock the noises ceased, and it seemed as if the search had been abandoned. After a con siderable time Bloomfield ventured a few feet beyond the outer entrance and an execration broke from him as he saw a column of smoke rising from the beach. 1 The cursed savages are burning our boat, Jarvis. Are we going to wait idly here and let them ruin us ?' fcfe asked. ' What can we do ? Better let them get away. We'll be able to pull up the work again. The fire has got a hold now, and it's too late to interfere,' the dwarf gloomily responded. It was as Jarvis said. The yellow men, foiled in discovering their un known enemy, had gone back and set fire to the half-completed craft, the dry wood of which burned furiously. There was a large amount of debris and rub bish lying around, and this-, too was caught in the flames which rapidly spread. It was not long before the sun dried vegetation, and the dead timber which had been felled from time to time by the occupants of the cavern caught alight, and soon a roaring sheet of flame was sweeping along the side of the range directly towards the con cealed white men. A ? tremendous bush-fire had been started, which might devastate scores of miles of country before it died for want of fuel. ' What will we do, Pera ?' asked Jarvis, instinctively turning to the young native as he beheld the ap proaching flames. The advice of the aboriginal was emphatic. He pointed to the wood in the cavern and then to the lime of which the roof and walls were com posed, and indicated that it would be certain death to remain in such a r place.; His advice was to retreat while there was yet time, and it was taken. Within half a minute the three men, carrying the loaded muskets, were fleeing up the glen before the flames, which were spreading with alarming rapidity. The aboriginal led the way, and it was soon seen that he was heading in the direction of the great rock where half the stores of the party were kept. At the rate they were going it did not take long to reach it, and the wisdom of the native's selection was then ap parent. For a considerable space round the rock there was no vegetation of any sort, and under its shadow the'y would be safe. If only the ladders still remained it would have been much more secure even than the cavern, but these were kept concealed near the beach, and would doubtless be burned. Fanned by a strong northerly breeze the flames raced on, devouring every thing in the way ; but when the range j on which the rock was situated met the fiery embrace, the interested spectators saw the wall of fire begin to divide to the right and left and rage along in the dense vegetation which clotted each side of the range. Half suffocated by smoke, they re mained in the shelter of the protecting rock for more than an hour until the main body of the fire was far away to the westward of them. Towards the beach there was nothing but a blackened smoking expanse enlivened in places with logs'and huge trees in flames, the latter frequently crashing down. All the succeeding night the party remained at the spot, for it was not possible to get back to the cavern over the still burning debris. They well knew, too, that their yellow foes had not gone rfiway, and wh :n morning dawned this was seen to be the case. The spectacle of the tropical bushes on fire during the night was truly grand, but its magnificance was not appreciated by the three men. As the day advanced the Malays and Japanese could be discerned searching about the ranges, and as the seamen and their sable friend were beginning to suffer acutely from hunger, they did not relish the prospect. If the enemy did not soon leave it would be necessary either to reach the stores on the rock or else boldly attack them. They had the ten muskets with them, and with such aid they should be able to sweep the place of the half-armed savages. This course would certainly have been adopted by Bloomfield had it not been for a discovery made by Pera. This was nothing else than a huge roasted snake which had perished in the flames. Its white flesh seemed so tempting as the aboriginal devoured a portion that the two ruffians reluctantly followed his example, being spurred on by hunger. Nor did they regret the venture. The roast snake was fairly appetising, and washed down with a drink of spring water which ran close to the rock, the two men found them selves in a position to remain longer where they were located. At nightfall the fires of the enemy could still be seen down the beach, and another uncomfortable night had to be experienced. The two white men registered a vow that come what might they would make an attack on the foe next morning and risk the con sequences, but they were not called upon to do so. When daylight arrived the yellow^men were seen in the act of embarking, and an hour later the proah swept out of the little haven and disappeared beyond the headline amidst the maledictions of the white men. After waiting for an hour or more to see that the foe did not return the wearied men walked back towards the cavern over a scene of infinite desolation. As they went slowly back over the black and treacherous ground Bloom field rather startled the hunchback by saying : ' If we had acted differently, Jarvis, we might have been on our way to the old land by now,' ' What do you mean, Abel ?' ' We could have made friends with those fellows in the boat who are now on their way to Java. It would have saved us a year of toil, and God knows what risk,' exclaimed Bloomfield. ' Could you trust them, Abel ?' ' Why not? The stores and trinkets which we have in stock would have been bribe enough for a thousand of them. They need never have known about the pearls.' The hunchback was silent for a time, then he spoke in a curious tone of voice : ' Abel, I think we're a pair of con founded fools, for what you say is the truth.' Nothing more was said until the locality of the cavern was reached, and when within a hundred yards-of it, the three stopped in surprise, for the whole face of the limestone cliff was a smouldering mass of fire. More thjn ever the white men now realised the wisdom of Pera in getting away from a place that would have been a trap-oven where they would have been roasted to death. ' Thank God we've got the stores at the rock,' exclaimed Bloomfield' as he looked at the burning mass, ' There won't be much left in there when the lime is burned out. These yellow brutes have done more injury than I thought,' replied Jarvis. ' If,' began Abel, when tbe words stopped in his throat as the whole face of the cliff suddenly shot into the air, and as the ground trembled beneath their feet the sound of a tremendous explosion deafened their ears. ' The powder!' gasped Jarvis, and a moment later the trio were enveloped in a shower of falling debris consisting chiefly of burning lime. Fortunately they were too distant to receive the bombardment of heavy missels which were hurled into the air, and they escaped uninjured. There were two kegs of powder stored in the cavern which the en croaching fire had reached, and that accounted for the explosion. The men in fleeing had forgotten about the ex plosive, but they could not very well have carried the dangerous stuff away had they given it a thought. For several minutes the men looked on the smoking ruins of their once comfortable headquarters, and more than ever Bloomfield cursed the luck — or rather the fiend who had prompted him to fire the shot at the Malays. Had it not been for that hasty action in all probability the position would have been different, and instead of contemplating the ruins of their wild home they would now be on the road to civilisation. In fact, Bloomfield was beginning to tire of the semi savage bush life he was now leading. Perhaps the pangs of remorse were beginning to work and urge him away from the terrible scenes of his past crimes. To Be Continued. \ 