Ozs. Dwts. Grs RFSF LTS OF RECENT GRFSHLNGS There is no gold in W.A. " Bulletin.'' Golden Dyke: Stone crushed, 1,6 tons; gold, 21907.. ; average 20/. ^clwt. 15.gr. The C.reme d'Or, formerly the Ac*. 1 Spades (Day Dawn,: Stone, 15 tons, for over 1507.. Crown United (Black flag) : Stone, 41'.., tons; gold, io6oz. Flack Flag is unfortunate. Champion (Nanninei : Stone. Koo tons , gold, 5000/.; average. i2dwt. This mine has a large body of low grade ore. Aft. Yahagong ('Murchison) : Stone, 200 tons ; gold, 190 oz. Little Wonder (Norseman): Stone, iS tons ; gold, 48 oz. More, please. Premier Mine (25-Mile) : Stone, 187 tons ; gold, 244 oz. ; average, 1 oz. 3dwt. 2gr. Little Wonder (Norseman) : Stone, 29 tons; gold, 64oz. ; average, 20Z. 5 dwt. North Boulder: Stone, 200 tons; gold, 470 oz. ; average, 202. 7 dwt. Golden Age (Menzies) : Stone, 40 tons ; gold, 164 oz. ; average 4 oz. 2 dwt. Tailings assay 2 oz. 2 dwt., and are to be taken backto the mine and cyanided. Barrier (Black Flag): Stone, ij tons: gold, 59 oz. ; average, 4 oz. 10 dwt. 18 gr. Fraser's South (Southern X.) : Stone, 377 tons; gold, 233 oz. : average, 11 dwt. [ 5 Rr. Great Boulder: Stone, io(V> tons: gold, 3208 oz. ; average, 3 oz. o dwts. 4A- gr. Golden Crown (Kanowna) : Stone, 50 ions : gold, 150 oz. ; average, •; oz. A man named Maguire died the. other day at Ballarat through drinking rackarock oil. If Maguire had been on these goldfields for any length of time he couldn't have been killed bv anything that he could pour down his throat. News Item From Bunbury. Samples of jarrah, tuart. blackbutt banksia, etc., are being collected. They will be fashioned into a casket inlaid with gold and presented to Her Grashus. Many of the samples have been exposed to the wind and weather for 40 or 50 years - here indeed doth greatness lie. To live in Bunbury for 40 years and then be presented to Roiltv ! Is Forrest, who has also been exposed in Bunburv for 40 years, also going 'Ome as a. representative of the timber trade ? National Bank of Australia pays off of their deferred deposit receipts. Good news. W. D. Cowan is likely to lie appointed R A I. at York. One of Mat. Burnet's barmaids had her shin cut to the bone on Thursday evening by a bursting soda-water bottle. Naturally lots of willing helpers were, to hand at the right moment to give assistance. Totii krsi dek is often asked as to the origin of the name Coolgardie. The native word is Kookargie, and was applied to the water at the present Government tank. Coolgardie is a corruption of the native word. Why was is not corrupted into " Hotgar die ?'' rother day a Government department in Perth made a mistake- -the first. It appears that a certain caterer in the capital has been a frequent applicant for a publican's license, which has been as frequently refused him. At the. last Licensing Court his usual application met with the usual fate, but, strange to say, he received a certificate from the Bench authorising him to procure his licence from the Treasury. He went off to the Treasury post-haste, and got his licence before the mistake was discovered, and he is now- busily engaged in vending the fierv intoxicant, and between whiles flourishing his " dockyerment" in the face of the gentle peeler who calls upon him to show cause why he shouldn't be jugged tor tiving in the face of the Bench w hich refused his licence The '.re has been a sad mistake, but thenewlv fl edged publican is selling for all he's worth, and is going to keep on doing it |' or the next twelve months while his licence holds good Down at Bunbury the Guv'ment has been prospecting for harbors and artesian water. They haven't found a harbor for Bunburv yet, but they have struck artesian water to the extent oi 70,000 gallons, per daw Only had to go 07ft. We don't see what's to stop the onward progress of Bunbury. All she wants now is a tame harb:>r. and she'll get it. il the Government has to buy one and bring it to her in a bullock waggon. The people of Geraldton, this paper hears, are about to hold a mining exhibition. Owing to the vagaries of Westralian tradingsteamers it is confidently expected at the Bay that a very large proportion of the machinery consigned to the Coolgardie E.xhibition will be carried on to Geraldton. Et is therefore proposed to take the tide of Fortune at the flood, and hold a mining show with the over-carried plant. The Geraldtonians will probably have the better show, judging by past experiences of the ways of steamship companies. There maybe no truth in the rumor relative to Geraldton's intentions, but if its people don't make use of their opportunity thc-v must be "too slow- to hunt grubs " Some people are never satisfied. Some time ago it was proposed in the local Town Council to call for public tenders for the electric lighting of Kanowna. This was over-ruled, and the application of a local syndicate for the necessary "concessions" was accepted. Now some'nastv people are going about saving that some of the local councillors are interested in the successtul syndicate. Some people are never satisfied. The town of Kanowna has not vet made up its mind whether it is a blessed or an accursed thing to have a town band. Like nearly all other bands in goldfields towns the Kanowna band seems to be principally us.-ful as a means of ad\ eriising local pubs. There is dissension among t're parsons who decoct the fragrant shand\gaff in the model town because of this band, as the publicans have been outbidding each other in order to enlist the thundering diapason of the big drum in the canst of big biz The band had been silent for a long time until drawn forth from its modest retirement bv one of the publicans,_ who hired it at enormous cost to sit on his halconv and permeate the circumambient atmosphere with the strains of •• Annie Rooney' and "After the Ball." As soon as this arrangement became known a rival publican waited on the band and offered a larger supply of chain-lightning and other inducements if the hand would throw- up publican No. 1, and tootle at large in front of public-house No. 2 until the place reeked with the long drawn-out sweetness of the tinkling cymbal and other wind instruments. The band was not to be seduced from its first arrangement, but the dove of peace roosts no longer over the rival pubs. C.M. (Kan.) writes :—Occasionally we are favored up here with a visit from" the very latest thing in English johnnies. Recently one of our crack mines Imported one of these persons to act as accountant. On arrival at the office, with baggage that looked like, the travelling impedimenta of an invading army. Montmorency remarked to the manager : •• flaw---! presume I can • •biam - haw —storage space at the mine for manager looked at the "twunks and things," and remarked, with a sardonic smile that overran his face and bulged out at the back of his head, " Well, there are 12 acres at the mine. If that isn't enough the next lease belongs to us, too, and you can use as much of that as you want as long as you leave room for a costeen or two !" O'Driscoll, of Cool., is alleged to be the latest candidate for the suffrages of the Kan. folk. O'Driscoll is a fighting word, and probably this particular scion of the O'Driscolls has been tempted into the fray, because of the "ruction, destruction and devilment" which have been raging in N.F. Cool, like a well organised bush-fire. Very probably we shall shortly see "O'Driscoll of Coolgardie" in the van" of the White Feather, who are just now Fighting like devils for conciliation, And hating each other for the love of God And man, as represented bv the citizens with a vote. " O'Driscoll from Coolgardie" is indeed said to have already given "a taste of his quality by plugging" one of his supporters," so what may be expected when an opponent happens along and disturbs the peace of one of those joyous political gatherings, for which Kan. is renowned, when O'Driscoll is present? Why, the air will be filled with that opponent ! •"' Air. O'Driscoll, from Coolgardie," threatens to become as historical as " Potter, of Texas," or "Tom Brown, of Australia," or "Walker, London." Fditor To r hi; lis i ni: r ; The people of Kanowna have just been granted a Road Board. It is a more precious thing to have a Road Board than to have the fee-simple of a crown of rubies. This Board latelv advertised for a secretary. As the screw attached to the sec-ship is £200 per ann. and there will be little to do but look pleasant, there was a rush of applicants, "Where there's little to do, and plenty to get, Oh! that is the place for me." Hummed the applicants, as thev posted their applications with copies of testimonials, Ac. Five of the Board (one member received no notice) met at Mick Donnelan's, and proceeded to sort out the best man without loss of time in wasteceremony, even the time-honoured procedure of electing a. chairm an being disregarded. The sifting process resulted in the choice of Jim Reid, one of the bestknown and most popular Kanownaites. Jim never had much trouble in looking pleasant, and I have no doubt his smile will be, worth coming a long distance to gaze upon henceforth. Kanowna can't cavil at the choice made, but wouldn't it have been just as well for the Board to have made the election with more formality so that there could be no room for unsuccessful applicants to sniff the loud sniff of scorn. Some people are now saying that the appointment is not legal as there has been no chairman gazetted.— Windlass. The journalists who are wooing the favors of the goldfields constituencies are holding their own exceeding well so far as ability is concerned at any rate. Vosper is acknowledged everywhere as an orator : Hales is a most capable rhetorician, and Mahon, of N. Cool., has delivered probably the most practical and sensible speech the electors have had an opportunity of hearing—a speech, too. embellished with many of the graces of oratory. The Fourth Estate is certainly distinguishing itself. Dear Totheusidkk.—A little while since a friend of mine was taken to the " Queen's droring-room" for the evening 011 a charge of giving a false name. In the morning he ' was ordered to roll up his blankets, sweep out his cell, etc., an order he promptly refused to obey. Even the threat of catching it hotter did not induce him to obey. Is it not savoring a bit too much of convict days to expect a prisoner before his case is heard to sweep out, etc. ? The towel provided for the guests was in such a horrid filthy state that mv friend dried his face on his shirt. -Nuj.anok. fit is customary when a man is locked up to presume that he is guilty until proven innocent, ft may not be right, but it has long prescriptive "sanction.—En. ToTHiiKstDER.; 