METEOROLOGICAL. We question if the oldest living Aus tralian remembers a month of January like the one we are having. The meteoro logical developments have indeed been extraordinary’. is making ap, as it were, for deficiencies during the past winter, Tha wjnter-was verymild indeed. —too mild to Be good for the health of the crops and the growth of the natural grasses. Now in the month of January, which according to the almanac and to the experiences of the- first - white- man shonld be the hottest of the year, we are suddenly sent (forward or backward) into winter. Rains have fallen in every direc tion, and fallen so. descended in the month bf October iqid early November there would be bo need, to dismiss the gri8tiog..p£’wheat in bond and the advantages "derivable through the duties on oersala by -farmers wKb for two years ,iu succession had neither wheat, .oats or barley nor other cereals or poise to bring lb market, The .rains of the los t few days will db; of it is, but if they hod come two or three months ago the benefits could have heed estimated by . millions. But as for. two years numbers of country residents did" not know what it was (o see full dams and tanks, and now all of these where where as catchment area are overflowing, therh is general cause forthankfulness in the rural bosom. The rainfall for was 26 per cent, under the 'Victorian average \ the rainfall for 1896 .wag;Id per coot, below .One ye%r t her ewasafa mine m the .crops over - o great.-poVtion ofi-Viotoria and of and there was a parv tial famine. .; A fractional part - of the rainfall more or less.means a very great dtal in a dry olimate like ours. In very few years do we get too much ; in any year when weigetO/littlelesB'thauthe average, it is ar moat serious matter to thousands,.as anon-when the country is filled people; it wilbbe to millions.-'' For wo do not aappoBo tbat oar legialalora and law-glvcrs and. people will even? be as wise or os capable of good itbo Peruvians wore, who ciyi' lisatlon of Ibo country was destroyed by the Spaniard*,and savagery and. barbarism introduced, could at any boon unaffected by several yoatk.of drought, or who bad such great stores of Everything; laid by in their granaries and warehousf s of each province that the whole nation, which. wHS essentially a working not’on, could 'hav6 taken as many years holiday, and nob one inoath or bnA back amongst' the forty fi ve.million subjects of the royal f noa would i. bave gone qnprovidod tor. Contrast this with a modern state where only one year’s failure of the' ‘harvest spreads death and .ruin; in - all directions, and one wlit.be Inclined to. -seriously • ask if very mnob-of modern civilisation ia not' a. slia'm and a myth after till ' If human: affairs \yerp, ;bottpr ordered,, the, ’happiness, of thp popple would nob bb' so thoroughly, at the roorpy of the woatber as it ia, , Truly : civilized- rational; creatures should be able to* average things better than .t hey do. They should bo able to set off the surplus - of one year against the 'deficiency- of another, and it would be better that they yrere. taught how this shohld.bo done than that tiros, and energy and money .should , bo wasted on so muck of the senseless and impracticable 'Stuff that from far top jnapy .printers*...presses and spealcerer' platforms is poured into people. - . Reverting, however, to oar more immediate subject, it may. be.,, said that wo have been having quite > pop tioeutal climate for the past few- days. The destruction by tornadoes of.the town-. ahipofNevertire and then of Port Darwin. reads as if it should have occurred in America, not in placid Australia where! our island climate, does, not often r go. to such extremes. It is very American in ; deed the weather that .w© are/getting. A; semi- tropical summer has , for. the time| being gone out and what 'in; the United’ States te'called an 1 Indian summer is! setting in,. It will not bring the fruit crops,to perfection if it lasts: very long. But an Indian is a Red Indian’s summer, not; the ’Hiodoosbaoofi variety—is so .enjoyable tha't the majority of people would rather have it and let the other matter toko its chance* But since Christmas has any ono seen more peculiar natural phenomena than wo have been experiencing-^—drought, bush-fires, dried up swamps; watercourses, reservoirs, storms of wind,.rain, clouds of iron-stone dust, the latter falling again to earth' in the form of red rain,thunder and lightning, the country’s rivers arid creeks flooded; all within a few boars of each other. If variety is as charming as it is said to be, there ought to have been, enough variety of late to charm the most fastidious; City Police Court, Tbo Mutdorod Pro spectors, A Plucky Girl and other items will bo found in our first page this morning. Fourth Paoh.—Tbo following. additional reading matter will ho found on our fourth pggo this morningMining Nows and Notes, and.Eaglohawk. To-day’s Events.—Land : Biard, II a.m; .Bondigo City Rowing Club’s Regatta, Lake Wc-oroona, 2 p.pi; mooting Emu Valley Water Trust, 3 p.m ; pricket match between member* Loyal Heart/of Friendship Lodge, Cherry Tree ; coursing match, South A fas ; mooting Hospital Committee, 7.30 p.m; Holloway’s Dramatic Co.? Theatre, b' p.m; nominations close, Rochester races. ' , Early Grapes—Ripened by Exhaust Steam.—Yesterday there was op-view at View, Point a couple "of bunches Cf : grapes of the .Golden Champion The grapes, at - though about a month ahead of the season, are quite ripe and the berries are big and healthy looking., Tho grapes wore grown against the onginohouso of the Gordon. Gully mino-by Mr. T. Henderson,one of tho drivers. of. tbe ; Golden Champion and . Black. Muscat wore planted thoro three years.- ago,, and now the vioos have almost covered tbo building.. Tbo steam exhaust at tbe side of the building made the grapes, thrive Vas.-if they bad booh grown in a hothouse, and, of course, accounts for their early ripening. It is tbe first time 'that wo bavo board of exhaust ateam being thus utilised. A Badly' As ranged The fruit harvest is non .at. its height, but growers are-not happy because of .tho fact that prices' are so low. The statement ,that fruit growing is.about the, most, unprofitable industry in the colony to-day cannot- . well! be oballongod There are, perhaps! exceptions bere'aod there, bat (bo majority of .producers jflud they;, are loiing;botb thefr limo and their money over tbo businoss. And yet, in tbe face ...of /the surplus grown ip., tbe colony, the price of freab fruit in Melbourne is so high that only the noallby'can afford to' parohaso it. Tho poor mao’s Child .bis to'bo.'satisfied with . viewing luscious poaches and aprioots atadis*,: taooe or through a shop window. This is nob is it should, be, when hundreds of tons;, of fruit .are going to waste-; and - rot'ing on -the trees In the country, ail because it does not pay to pick it. " The output hf fresh fruit is, mdanfwbile,'no doubt, id excess of tbo demand and until ibo producers bqgiri; to preserve tbo surplus, by.modernised, methods the annual glut in the mark* t is likely to prevail! There' is evidently- great room and-.need for tho establishment' of canning, - ; drying, ’•and' j«m making establishments in most of tbo fruit-; growing districts of lhc ’oolony. _If 'fruit growers would only combinb : iri erecting oo . operative factories bn the same principle is that adopted by the dairymen Ihoiy would soon greatly improve on;their present position. 1 ’ Those remarks arc from I'bo Argus, but they apply all round. Tbo cost of distribution is greater than the fruit. But ..another very -ericas grievance of tho fruitgrowers but whichianot touched on by the writer is that the jam-making and preserving trade which ought to.be a thriving aSd imporUtat otic i* strangled'; and starved owing duties on sugar. . Those duties pro for tbo advantage of a, syojRpaio—called . tbo .Australian Sugar 'head quarters in Sydney. 0 Iw®’’.- ' The use op bicycles jgpfo bf en oo u rage d In the Postal department. 1 notice baV'baen issued to postmasters that messengers who provide and constantly use bicycles for tbe delivery of .telegrams will be entitled to an allowance ofJ£9. per annum for tbe mainten ance of tbeir.maohines.... - “A Horse Chestnut or a Chestnut Horse??—“I< a bar parlor .a public placer'" was a point tbat was argiiod at some consider able length Jn/tb' City Police Court yesterday morniog. It reminded one - about tho • argu ment oonoSrniog tbe horse bhestnu-. A'young mao named .William. Hutohipson was charged ’with utfog threatening .words m o public place. - Ho used the- words, to Constable Martin in the bsr .parlor of tbe Lyceumi Hotel; ;, Poll. Malk/bn 1 Monday afternoon. Mr. Roberts, who appeared for Hutebiqson; raised tbo point that a bar parlor, , though* part of a publtchoueo, was not- tt a -public placa.^ 4 Sergeant Kilfoddor,, relying on. a common sense interpretation 6( tho law, was very uonfidobt.lhqt it was a public place. Oui being, cballeaged to prove assertion by Mr. Roberts, ho tarDod’up'ihe - sootioa in (ho Polioo Offences Act ralatiDg’to pubha /places. This ,section set forth that a bar and a billiard room wore; public .places, but made no specific reference'to bar parlors, whereupon .Mr., Roberts saw bis chance. The booob; however,- did: pot-at first seem tn qljped to fall in with bis views. . Tbe obair roah (Mr.. Anderson)- was of opinion that (ho bench should take a common sonse view of and acCqrdine to common sense, o bar parlor wss coVtafoty a.public place- Mr.. Roberts did not dispute the. accuracy of the uonolusioh arrived at by -oommoo sense, but be.contended that the . bohoh; were bouod-by the definition, of a publla piaco in tbo- Eootion of’ tho Police Offences Apt! His arguraont there fore was that law.aod .common> sensevery ■ different things, 8ergoant;Kilfeddpr, restiminfe tho attack 6neo niore,'eai v A; th>t Booordlng to : :the LioensinglAcfc oycty'nbtol Amust.set npart' certain cumber of rooma forslhc - use of tho public, and as -it was- very>; apparent - ; bar v psrlor was one of the rooms. /tbus set apart it could not cither in law -or in - fact be* other than a public place. Mr. Roberts re plied that a bodjroom.m an hotol. was also one of tbe rooms tuns set apart,.but no one would contend that a bedroom owas ar publio place. Tbo obatrmao -remarked that- if .-a. man wandered into .OD'hoteT -bedroom'-the'. obanoes wore tie RivenrrJ®(? charge, but if -fie wanderod -'inlo tbo - ‘Inr - par'- lor the* barmaid? immediately - come up. to: and,-: him' /' Wbftt yho - vVos farther-iogenioasi. arguments a tbe bench,v .sought Inspiration from .the Licensing Act, - and- - ■ wbile - larn*-' ing ovorvits - pages veamo - aorossA'a. -ruling' which, said.- that <whilo.. a -rbar -parlor was a place of; public, resort it was not a publio place. ■} Roberts therefore triumphed v The chairman of the bench -still held that & bpr parlorv-was a.rpublio plaoo. but ho was> oyer ruled- by bis two colleagues, Mdws£ Hoskios aod 'Hodloy, He remarked- that -: lt' was an .extraordinary thing that a men -’dooidi go intp.a bar parlor.oraato a distiirbance-'and defy the law Mr Roberts said this ’was nof The man who created * dibtarbanco in a bat parlot oqrild ,bft «uk«4, to leivo, refused ba oould bsj pwooded ir<9p«ri«o>. Sergeant Kllfoddoc oblaincd ,lhO. bench’s pormjUsiqu to ollor tbo e q that Hutehidapri flippy charged wllb iwJog threatening words within .the besting of t 'P 0C ‘ low; pWfllSg P«bUo place. On this charge b °Adu 0 KKiBNT8 > TO Murdbiu-IE two -PPWJJJ: scree, to shoot each other and . one succeeds the oee who escape* Is guilty of murdoc- A o*ge of the kind occurred over 20 year* ' D SS &Lry; the would.be saio des b’slnfi men. One was shot dead. The other survived to be banged, poml oropr up again In connection with the Albert irqrK t? 8 g iooiiKO AcoiDBhX,-A little WjUUm Willouehby, while out.«b,oottrtg ,birds with his grandfather at ColbloDBbbioyosterdaynnni fnc. bftd his band b»dly.,J.bjtfcered,by ex pled log in bis hand HU grandfather fl ed a shofc Vand re loading It, handed It to the boy tc Arc wb<n It barat, a piece of the broach striking him on tbejqft band Ho was driyen.intV the hospital where lbe ; middle and. forefingers wore, amputated.? • v .. v . t ., .... Thb Axibmmsd flow vRoptMt.-*!' tun ■180. VTbere lls JUtlofrostf to- reoord io .con necfcioo with the daring attempt to jrqb Mr- CanaolVslSO mine on 8und*yla»it, ( Tho two prisoners (Grenfell and Went) romaro in naol. nooo of their friends bsueg ablp or wUh 5 lb« to fled! tno necessary b«U,;£lp00, s Rompr had it that tbo two robbori wbp ole do d iho police on Sunday . night wero acre»tod .U4 avoninc.bat there was m truth in.the ropoit. Store Robbery,—A lad named-. Donald Diinosn McNobb, 17 years of age,<wa» yestor. day arrested by Detective MoPhmson on e charge of folooioosly entering Messrs.: Lewis add ,, DpnBtan’e store at .Long;, Gully, vend stealing a Quantity pf.bqots,.shirts,-jelOfr?, .The offqnoo ia allogod to.have boon pommlttedy>On the 23rd April, 18(96.. Two other roppblly ari'osUd and , them Jed’ to arrest. - y. fl-. A M in i no ? Repr been tatty b - VOR- 1 England. —At the. meeting: of tbo Sandhurst Mining Hoard yesterday- afternoon it was decided to recommend the appointment •of'" Mr E. A. Banks as tbo Government’s mining .represen tative-in -London, sod to'.'invite lbe ; m«naboPB at both Houses to support tbo.request. Ii-was al'O decided to.eommunioate with' the. other mining boards ashing- oo-operalion in iho matter. .Tbo, members .spoke highly • of 'Mr, Banks's,qualifications for (ho position, - It was pointed out that bo bad . bad a- lengthy ox ,porlenoe in.mining—as a-journalist,' and all thought ho .w.ould oroditably ill) the position AMUSEMENT FOR THE UNEMPLOYED. —A transaction of an unusual. character took placoon the Melbourne Stock Exchange yes terday (says our M>*lboUrno correspondent). In the dearth of-other- business onn broker offered another a sovereign torbU shirt and deposited the coin tho handB of a 'third party. -The other broker, tV tfao Surprise." of most of lhojo prosont. acooptod (be offer, solemnly peeled offbandod‘ o vdrtho garment and duly received the sovereign. A Warder Charged Drunkenness. —Ye it,orday morning Messrs. Morrah /Coheir man) and Fosboryj- of the Public Service ;Boacd, o6ndaoted an enquiry al tho Warden’s C-JOrt inlo various charges of drankoooosssod absence from duty laid againstr. Michael Cl rk, a warder -at* the Bendigo gaol. Actings Governor Meagbqr conducted tbh, enquiry and Mr. Kirby 'appeared' on- behalf 'of 'Clark; Evidonoerwas ’tendered; to show tbatClark was drunk en Monday,NoVo‘mberl6,on3J»aElhqqn*‘ sequence snip ended until Novomber -19. It was ollogedtfaat ho -Was again' under the 'rnfludnaa on December 2,; and did bqt turn up- to bis work'on December 6, 7- and' 8. Ho bad' Been under suspension ever since. The defdnoe was -that .Clark was sick on ' Dooomber-:6,that ho was takoorto tbo hospital a ooupld of da)8 later and bo- romainbd -(hero for throe : weeks,; Mr. Kirby sought to' show' that tbo other obarges wore frivilou"Tho 'board rosorvod its dooisidn. • ■ ■ - 1 ’ • ' : " ' Pxbe Bbtoade INSPECTION. —Last night Chief OCQeor Marshall Inspootod tho applianooe of tho tbroo looal brigades. The inspection took 'plaon in • Ly111 oton Torraoe besido' the Town Hall. At_eight o’clock the City Brigado woro at tbo 'appointod spot -witb> their extension ladder,--whilst the Temperance Brigade -lurond' up with 1 tbblr stcaro fird '‘dngino and the No, 1 with their salvage waggon and borso rcol. Tbo laddor was ex tended' with the .top resting/agaiodt the parapet' of tbo town ball. A start was then ; m&db; to gel np-stcam in the flro ongirio ’so that wator could be foraed' frdm thc top of -the 'laddor. Jn 10 minutes sioam was obtained' pp'tb a prossuco of 65tbs,. and. in 12 mlnutos there was a pressure of SOlbs. Tbis, thb Chiof offloer considers verygood-work.- A ! at roam of water was projected- about 35ft "abpvoT'"-.the' top of; the Udder, or a total; heightv of abdttt 70ft from lhe ground. : As’there was a airbng wirid. blowing at the lime 'this was oonsidorea satisfactory. The No. 1 salvage corps'- worn next put through Iboir' facings. The ' canvas sheet .was .fixed: to the wait of the- town ; ball, tho suppoaition being ‘ that /from s’ buebiog' building /welro plaoed ;bonoalh ' so as 'lb bo protected ; from'' water. 'A ; - was thon\ turned to tbo - Aanyav'j wbioh; stood -Ihe -' tost- /well, not a /drop' 1 falling I on ; .the obiot officer,- -who -stqbd/ .Webeatb; in lieu oti salvage.- The Baivage woggon is somewhat defloiont-In details, ~bul on ;tho whole' it answered its -'-The prinoipal work of -tho evening, -however- wno with the. Udder, (he ohief offioer’B intention being to provelts capabilities 'both- as an ox-' tension Udder and esoapo.’ v Mr;'; Maraball orprossos himsolf na well - saliafied ivith tbe night’s work.- - 1 ‘-■ ~ '* - Whitest-headed - Boy.—Tbo big sporting -feature of fcho holiday bas of .bonrso -(says the Melbourne correspondent - of tbo rHobact- Meroucy) been the pfaonomobal performance of O’Halloran in the interbolorilal .match-.against South Australia. It Boomed at the . outset -that wo wore id for a -very bad thing, and' that boon , beaten by weather In the match witb Sydney,wo wore going tr-'bo -beaten juBt oa badly 'by 'the bowling in tbomalobwith 8. A. Then came the surprise tbaj/' a man new to big cricket, who hss neyer played before in; ,ab mievoqlonial mateh', wbo wa8 * oboaen al tUq lasfc minufco to .fill the place-of an ; ab' sootoo, and was picked as - a bonier, not as' a batjmao, - should stick up tbo combined talent of the South Adslralian bowlers, paste them to j-ho extent of.putting on 197 for the last two wickets, 117 of,which :ho ; , contributed : htm«olf. “Luck having to pUy tftod bowUrs,” said tbo Adelaide mfPi “"Woit ■ 'tilt be- bos. to meet Jooob in fresh fettle.” _Well,' ;bo did face/him. the. next morning, played bim with cqual confidence, and after making 11, mprd ; carried bis bat but.’ It'is not often that a colt i-trikos into a TdiEaBbro.us rout'and turns it into a flqpd tide of victory, in .this maqnqr, and tbo emergoboy.; inan, who will hoppefoctb tie, knowo os The Emorgonoy" man pkr excbllbnoo', received a; perfect ovation; in wbiob , bia ppponentii mined as, heartily, as hie fellow boIonj«.t8. ■ ' A testimonial of £35 /was oollootod fpc bim ln.a" few > mioutos insido the mombBra’ .opolpaare, and as on tbo following d»y be b,apVttrod 'the;• bqwlingavflragbaahohadftDDoxpdihebatting honors, P’Halloran.' ta abthia moment re* garded as; the very whitoBt-headed hbv Vio tonan cricket bas over produced;' Made Too Late.—At the Kyhoten Sbiro Council meeting on Saturday throe letters claiming damages for accidents- were re ceived, One was-from"Mr. L;---Murphy,' 'of Bendigo, solicitor, who applied for £25, and £2;2-i costs, on behalf of-Mr D Chamberlain for an accident said to have happened-to bim’ whilstednving on the MiB Mia and Lanooflold road. As the'Olaim had-not been made within 21 days after tbo alleged accident. . as pro vided by the Act, . it was resolved not to aokoowlodgo it in any way. ' .. . -Bkndjgo Hospital,- Mr. Barkly-Hyott and Mr. 17m. Hunter attended "yesterday -after noon, aod passed 13 oases for/outedoor relief The resident surgeon, Dr. W- 'ff- -Long: re ported that during the past. wcok-foar patients had-died. si:gad boonAdiiobafged; : cured‘f'and ; that U7 und-r treatmani/ Tbo whqJo.pt..tho Ifardi and offices wore yjfre Interview'd,vandAir things were in good working order-' Benevolent Asylum and ' PiTAXii— The-committee'mot - yettsrday- Pro-' sent ; -Messrs. J. D. Crofts (in /the chair), A. Harkncs', D, Wat80D, J. > R. Goodissdn; : W, Davis, and the boo.- secretary (Mr Henry Birob). An apology for non-aUondanoo Was re ceived from Major .Kirby. Forty- seven appli cants were awarded aid;by order-* on stores 18 in. kind-from .the iostitulion, in two oases wore, diseon limed,., and. one -man and two wqmpn were admitted., Rspor-s were received, frqm. visiting committee, medical officer (Dr d., ? . D. Boyd), superintendent (Mr J 8 Mollroy), and oollcolor. (Mr. R. B. Sibley) Two hundred .and. ninety-three distributions v . putdqor ,7 darmg lha week to famflios eonsisuifg of a3I adults and 145 ohiidren, and (hero ar in tbo Sustention tetel “SS 8 ' 4 ' 8 f0ma ° B ’ 2 _ A Bolt —Yesterday afternoon Mr- Ronald Rankin left bis_borso and buggy standing -in: J ron r. of “ r< ”••• Lsmsoy s shop whilst he wont inside to transact some- business - Some thing startled the horse anS it'bolted off at a great rate m the direotion of tbe Mall Gon ■t*!?! 0 . J* J* Kelly,. Who.Is an;adopt m these mailers, and m very often on wanted, pluckily runaway. before any damage was done caught up to (bo ouggy, which was going at a great rate, jumped into the Vehicle, and catching hold, of the reins, pulled tbo horse up near the,-Law Cojirte But for hit plucky act (he Jbqggy would probablv\bft% ooliided with pother vobiolos (of were a gepafc eumber) and cauved oonsldorablo damage TempehaNoe Entertainment —The Pcn digo Total Abstlnends Society’s monthly entortsiomenl/vrag given m the Temperance Hall Iasi cloning Mr I YJokers presided, and there waa > attendance Avery creditable programme q* vho.l mental mnsio was v Miss M Jones sang «Yery Neatly,” “Tit for Tat,” and/wiih her motherjave iho beantiful duet “ A, yoieo from the Waves,” Mias TaIU ».« «Tbe Golden 8bore”*vWy hTo“l“ >y l f a KlddjahU Mos lamos and %id*' , j> “ citations were given by Kearns tDj J Mr, Stafford, and jpuiio dao!«:by Hit) MUa a « Ashworth and Jocca,.atid ;th«Misses \yti kinton aoclGardlnofv BriofflddrtBieB warn made by the Rev; JjUT. Kearns and M r Stafford. £. °* r ‘ Ruvai.Bi of jBbnaiRo, {« Horald) iher winner or iac' nr<{ prJ Zi j 0 nj* Hibernian 8ooloty*i ; gold vase The other prliM*? ware diHribut*d over aUtho.oolonlqs ' ■ Biifow Gabriel, now In Melbourne, h said to have formerly a rj 0 born; In M»uritios hM -been bUok ojair atthoAdelaldd'Hof^ltilfan'dMlldara.ftndon board ship. iHo o 3m " meased to gC whlto at/Mi Idttra, wb ore he ws« cook to-Mr. \y. Bf Obattey.-M , , Bioyolbs -and R yC Fab sk. —it waa in timatod sometime ago tbatiri alteration w*. to bo made in, (b>_raT( way ratasforbioycloi Tbia.Jj«8’no.r» baqp?;don •; and bioyct«s, when aoMmpanlrd bxMoft ' »tb ohargad ta follows; —Dp lo 12/ :mllof/ 6a; from l{ft® gj mjlov9J ; 2tAo Sp.milcB, la: 31 to 50 mli M Is 6i: 61 to 1Q0 mit«872« j and each additional 60 rnllos: 6d, Trloyolesaro charged double tbe-bicycle rate*. 1 - >i ; ,' f: f ■> • NbwKisds Ov Ari*CEH.--Mf. Nelleon, the Government horticultural exp wt, haa brought undi'jt.lho notice, of the horticultural board a apple for.cooking and marketing And x oanj^d , ' v t|jd; Garden Royal® -The apple is at Us best fer cooking purpose* 'during the month and it f B . carded.»b a good and certain bearer, I® M r> NeiUouV opinion, no ris: superior for /cooking Ho haVaUo called at ten sion to, an early daB«ott applo, kaowa as the JTborlo -Pippin, And synonymous with., the Lady Derby, TbeThorloPipplo, whioh i« a beautiful frultfor.doiseiHb, reaches perfection at fcho end of- Decemberor ; beginning of January, And is.admirably salted to the booUr districts of.the' oolony, ao thatrit- 'should ha. qomea favorite mthgrowora ior marketing purposes. - i x- ■'r/*' - - *. * v WHAT WERE THE :“.GON8Tr*0BHT8?~8 tT<3 (bat It made everyone dirty,ooone' (renmiu ibO: Argui) was ..particularly 6 disposed to: ie< gard: the u raio i which ’ fell on L). oamb >c 28 wHh; ony • gKratr concern: Mr, George Noilsob,': Uqrtloifltufri/ export, bow« .oV( r, look9 on ibo msUdr with afd.iffereni eye. In a report to the he explains ihat.tho rod abowor ycted exaolly a« Uelleboro in oloAnatog ''tbi<pbar: trees from tho prrTalont slug. ;vfle -■sayr ,, 'that the; trass wore completely ofeanod,- abff that the insects diorl jn*(«ntsneoosiy; The •.result will pro* bably ba ioToscIgated - by the ; Gororaoeot analyst. • -*f ; GoxBtjMprry^’SA^AToiiTinra Pontic HBAtTH.— At .tbo committee meoting oo Monday, ,a,lettor' was read from Dr, dawkina, aiedioat- sapctiatondoot of tbs Prince Alfred'hospital, Sydney, asking If tbs committee, would allot a number of beds for piokod inoipiedt»Vand 'stationary oontampliTe patients at £l. ls' pcr woek, so that they migbfc -haTo the .adrabtaga of the olimatia oondiiiobs of'ifcbe dutrioti- • Dr. Kennedy, one of tbe medical officers, most emphatically condemned (be proposal'ns .dangerous to: the health,of tho qommooity. Ho Said that in : Poovor (Colorado) oousumptioo' was Unknown until suoh patients were Introduced there for climatic iroatmontj but tbo disease was now common. Ho alto urge'd .thefc the Alhbry olimato wai not suitable' for consumptives owing to its moisture, rigorous winters and sudden obangeV. The majority the bom mftteo appeared., to bo, hostile, and referred the queetionAo foe a report to the aoUUal ineefeiri& Similar pro* pq>al<i b«To . been" inadeV.hf'Df. Sawkins to IrtVorall'and BatbUrsti , > ) -. ’ A Mbdioal Expert ih Lukaoy.—The Hobart Mrroury^ r e8yA:-7Tfio -!yoang woman Thorora puolopj -who 6n : lbe previous day was found-wandering; abroad 'in- a dementoa oon dition, was brdugbt beforo the police court on Saturday charged with being - ao Idle and ditordoriy'-persob. Stib-iuspeotor Connor said the woman' was taken 'to tbe boapital by tbe .police ion 'tbe 31sb;ult.,sufforxag from unsound miudjVaod admitted, but ,on Friday Ual she was discharged as. saqq, . -Bbo way homeless, penniless and frisbdloasi. When taken to tbe police .station ebo waa inr aaob.a demented condition Ibat. it> vfas .tboagbk'she bad escaped : from tbo bospital ; bat on making ' inquiries bq was surprised to find that -the :woman.had beon:8ot al-llborty - by the doctor.. rPerbepi, said the aab'inspootor, lb s would bo the beit "to aOmifctfld /ihto Ihe Nidw Town Charitable Xostitutlpp, v where shei' would be : properly looked aftbr. V The bench concurred, and with that view To mind imposed a tonoo of ono imbolh, -Diability , 6? Booksellbbs,—tA curious circumstance haB ,(fcay8 a Bydoey oocrespon* dent) raised thciqueation op tbe liability oC booksellers libels works that they soil. It appears lfaat. a -aortsio M Annual Register” published in Loodonf giving an acoouat;of;tbq.Dean*OBBo, eayg’tbatCHok, the • aon.ior pariDer of 'Dean’s solioitorg; ceooivod a •8ant6nqo.of;14:yoaraforpeijuiy,Asamallor, 'of fact be • was neTor ooousod of porjucy.v was D.qaq bimself who reooivod l4 yoars ftbai-■ offeboo, nod lfaG- r so'nior was4 •acquitted of jthe ' only. charge on; which be was arranged. Xppiei: of tbe book have .boon sold- ib Sydney, and a'daim bas beoh,mado upon; tbo.book8eilbc.tbat he should' reimburse tbe solicitor for the alleged-damage be has suffered. ; \- 1 s. rather carious, to notice (remarks ...the Argosy that a oonoessiob for whioh the Australian colonies clamored but vaioly tco yoanj ago is now’falling:into, their lap unasked. France,' it is ; said,' intends'.. sending obn viols to Now Cftlodonia, . Tbe Governor of fchb colony is notified. that the shipload 'pf 600 lo be,deported thither/this .month will bo ibe final batob. It je good news,- of- course, to Australia, especially'to the eastern: colonies, wbibb have been tbe cruising-ground of the large* .number of seipi*freed ; prleohers v who make their esempe witb mdoptobous' regularity from time to time.. . Hanobd.—A- man pamod Fitzpatrick has ’ been found hanging from a treo dose - to the Rodoastle Cemetery, thb Hoathcoto dig* triefc, . Ho. had loftj a noto to eay that bis body -would bo found about 10 chains from bis tont. •’ ' \- Suits to nkoovER mioiog wages'arb plenti ful.ln WestraliaV ■ r As,''P0r instance ;— ‘‘ Eleven workmen bin ployed at urb' Acakpoo mine op* tainOd jadgmont from Gohley and - Tolley, of Adelaide, for wages unpaid; The-iottl amount was £220;’.’‘ v. N Rabbit ppisoinKO has been carried on at Monob Marohi8on, oear Wilcannia, with moat deadly results;Fifteed-ihou8arid : rabt»itS were .poisoned through: drinking one tank m two nights, and between 6000 and 6000 wero poisouod at another tank,' -also m ono night. .-Equally good results have boon ob tained atMomba. • vn . Do ring TnB he£M7ifchaoder«Eorm on Friday mau.: at* Mr. Dalton’s Colontetb'Station, ntarGampardowo,»i(skIllbdbyil^o1ng. A Stray Horse;—Tbe police rbquiye an oWper forAo-upalandiog bay borse round to High street night \- Professor G. W. Gibson- and bis company of etar artists will"0p3n-)fcr a short season at ibe A.N.-A. Hall, . view on Mondiy evening next. ■. . On ; the- promises. 'Sallora , 'Gully, tO'day.- Messrs G. H. Hcbson and- CO; will positively sell a free hold allotment, 1 on which is erected a comfortable aiz-roomod dwelling,' also -.household furniture anl : tffooa,-under instructions i-onvMra Eastman. 