SPORTING. SPOBTING NOTES. By Tim Whutleb. I W. Andrews, who has for some time acted bs private trainer at Narandera to the gentU» man who races under tbe nom de count of ' Mr W. J. Braddon,' has severed hit con nection with that sportsman, and intends training horses on his own account, having taken stables at Narandera. An appeal has bsen lodged with the A.J.C. by Mr B. Hueelon against the decision of the | Tumut Turf Club disqualifying Marguerite i for tbe Town Plate od the ground tbat she I bad run inside a post, and awarding the race to Evadne. Marguerite finished first in tbat race, and ber owner complains that the in vestigation was not properly conducted. A sensational totalisator dividend was paid at Ohinemuri (N.Z.) races on St. Patrick's Day, the supporters of tbe Martha Stakes winner, Yatteofeit, receiving £64 2s for each investment. During his recent visit to Wagga, the Cftulfield trainer, E. Davis, made three purchases of thoroughbred stock. The shapely Oudeis mare, M'Liss, the chestnut galloway Inuitfail, and a three year old mate by Invermay were the purchases made. The hurdle racer, Kainbow, was yesterday morning trucked to Melbourne, having been purchased by T. Swann, the well-known jockey. The report that Alarm Me had been sold to go to Melbourne turns ouL to be premature, for, 1 understand that negotiations for the purchase of tho chestnut gelding were not brought to a conclusion. The Farewell Handicap at the Hampden Park Pony and Galloway Races yesterday was run almost in the dark, so much »o in fact, that matches had to be requisitioned in erder to see to weigh in the rider of the winner. Four ran in the race, and although the start was just discernible, nothing definite could be made out in tbe matter of which horses were leading till nearly home. At Lhe beginning of the rails PJovcr and Bushfire appeared to be fighting out the finish to tbemislves, but little Hylund persevering with Lazy Jane, who shewed a disposition to ' lug out ' down the straight, managed to overhaul the leaders and passed the post half a length to tbe good. On returning to scale Lazy Jane's diminu tive pilot (Ally Hyland) was deservedly cheered for tbe plucky manner in which b*e finished. Tbe little chap, who is something under 5st weight 'broke his duck egg,' as the cricketers say, in winning the race. Al though well-known to bo a first rate little rider, young Hyland's very light weight has rather teuded to prevent his getting a leg up on anything like a fair sort of a horse, and his few rides hitherto hare been on horses of the ' cuddy ' or ' couldn't win with a tram ticket ' tyi-e. With age and experience the little fellow should develop ioto a very fair horseman. Tbe event which created the most interest at the pony races yesterday was undoubtedly the Licensed Victualler's Handicap. One oi the chief conditions of the race was that only licensed victuallers were to ride. After no end of manoeuvring with lead bags aud saddle cloths to make up the requisite weights, five runnerc sallied forth, and as oach rider left tbe enclosure to do his preliminary lie was treated to a round of applause. Grey Winge, who carried mine host of tbe Albury Hotel, arrayed in a red bunting coat, was tbe first to canter past the judge. ' Jolly ' John Nash fallowed on R.H.W., then cause the boniface of the Racecourse Hotel on Scotty. Pat Coffey followed en the Seaweed gelding Masher, and in performing his preliminary ' winked the other eye ' to the ' boys ' in the stand, as the ' office ' to put tbeir silver on his mount, which they did almost to a min. Jim Bullair on Overseer was the last one to come out, and believers in omens immediately 'got on' Overseer as being likely to be first back. The start was au excellent one and at the bill the five runners were in close com pany. A pretty race heme ensued, but Masher's speed enabled him lo justify his pilot's tip, and tho evergreen Pat landed him a nice winner from Grey Wings. The wiu was a very popular one, and the combina tion were cheered on returning lo scale, as also were the successful riders. Tbe encient Ellery has not altogether lost hig pace, for at yesterday's meeting he accountod for a couple of races and in which he carried hit big loads in excellent style. In the conspiracy case in conncction with the racehorse, Sonny, in which Wm. H. hoy and Elizabeth Livingstone were arraigned at the Albury Circuit Court on Monday last, the jury failed to agree after being locked up all night, and the accused were bound over to appear again at the Aibury Circuit Court to be held on the 4th October. Mr. Geo. Hill, one cf the proprietors of the Hobartville Stud, and well known to sporting fame as the owner of Marvel, Bonnie Spec, Bridesmaid, Javelin, Arc., died at his resi dence, LitiJe Coogee, near Sydney, on Sunday last. The deceased gentleman was G3 years of age. 