A M O U N T A I N C L I M B . Bv Slowcoach. Having hr.-ttd deal of V.v wi.ie panoramic. vi.nv to be had frv ;; il.o "Rock," us u i. 3 j'.i-i', on t-i** .•i:«x of the iiiouur, i: pe-ik uir-jct y '«r the source of lii.j {)••..• K'i/«r m--1 W:wburton, it was with pleasure 1 accepted the invitation to joiu a partv of tourists who proposed usouruini: to the " Rock " and hiving lunch tl>e:v on a day just one week i»euce. I w.;s fully aware, from what I had he*rd. that the task of climbing a precipitous r.uige covered with d«nsi? scrub and with soil of a peculiarly yielding nature was nob an ensy one. I therefore took the precaution to taking as much exercise as possible, climbinif iJ! the diiikult hills in my vicinity, and when the day cm" T s-joretly regarded myself as in v.'rit inay be termed "good trim for the climb. At 1) o'clock on tin- appointed d.-iv we met as arranged at the Doe Bridge over the Yarra. The. d sy, although <;arly in March, was not an idea! one for a trip through scrub. Several showers passed over the mountuin in trout Ot us during lh.- npi 'T rhcless, we decided to .r.ovf oowanl. Our guid-s Jac!r D. ;md Jiui N. .".•Jvised us to hide our coats and vesu till we were caning back They Imibeen up s'.-veml times mid i:o"." they discarded all superfluous cluthing. Our way for the first hour w;is real y j'!eas?.;it, travelling ov. r .-. nice ro-<: ;. :d tiiroiigli weii trussed ;v.dd >c\s. i-od then we struck a nuiioebv's And a v.oilfie'-fm1 track it v.'-:-;. v.iuding a;;d twisting tlirough the huge fern trees and toworiug gum-. Suddenly our guides turned into the : ub to the left, and made straight up iiili. For one hour we made our way up a very sieep grade through a forest of the most splendid fern trees, with a yood sprinkling of gum trees two to tii roe hundred feet high and as straight as a gun barrel. I need hurdly say the spaces between the ( • "cs were o;ie tangle of supple jack, v. ire'grass, musk, wild futhsia (which the wont of all to get thiough) ! i!? I'saria and various other plants v.'eii-kiiO >vn to fjcquenle.ts of oiii iiiountain ranges. After a good climb uf one Jiour ve came upon a space which had been partially cleared by a bushfire, I now confess I was very v.-iy rleiM-d at th.s juncture that L i: o! not let it be k n • >wn earlier in th that T iiad been j u training : for had v.e another half iiour crawling, climbing, and pushing through such <;.-nse country I shou'd have to give i:i. I\bjst of us show, ;H blood>narks on the neck and hands where the uiivgrass brtudi-.'d again:* us. Tell, after bnt-t ipeil we started once more. In. pushing ahead to light the . •. Alter twenty minuses travelling ry pleasant it Reined to us now i ^r our last hour's cH'v,b) we caw die source of the Dee Jiiver. Ifeie had a drink of pure spring w it^r \- cold as ice, but I may add each : • took vo '7 sparingly of it. Jack . our guide, philosopher, and friend to iiu the 4>j(ly, and tbis h- • <• ; by making a water pipe of a hat, coi-.veying the water into th' •dy. With our two gallons of water ; ballast as it were our g.jide strod > .••I-ward once more with undiminished .•'ce. and soon we found ourselves in •i" of the iinest sassafras groves I • ever met with. Scon this gave • in another of native oiv/tie /Jut what shall I say of the gradient ®? \- P I d . li t. think it is too much to say it was two in one. After t.venfy minatrs of tins a nod eooe: ;:iiead informed us that J i n X. | 1:;(! i -ached the summit. This chee.rd u- sojnewhat a;:d urged us to furtheffect. 1 may here mention n,v condition at this juncture was deploi' able. My b^ois seemed too heavy foto lift, but the examine of th. others struggling on mrnfulu k-pc m, from throwing np the spon-.:. ' Sooi, small patched of sky alidad l!t; we were near the summit. >!,,.,, tlie Rock " heve in siglit. 1\. j rj r is I should say about i-i.\t\ ice:, ;n•=-' its face perpendicular. By over the huge bouldors and keepiii^ ;o tne right we mounted jsrtd soon gamed the platform on top. One I...-L- „ ussureii us that our toiiii without its reward T^' "Warburton is quite one; for each ' . ana 110' o.r-.:eye bye-road wa^ (ttj pai'nwiv a:ul ^ood jiliimiy visible. Wi h it would be an c-xcelleiit ..ion for viewing a cnclft ujateh on Warburton Park. To the nort' was very h«zy so that we cou-d s very little in >.b.-if. lisectio " ; to w.i east it was nothing but tnou. r. i., ft mountiiin an fa: ;.s the eve c .u 1 reach: while to the south tL panorama was unbounded. To the vest a b.-dt of young gums rise up and shut out all else in that direcrio-". Soon the billy began to boil over, ami in :l tew miames ve were eniovitiL' ourselves over a gund squa:c t-iea The lowt riiiiT aspect of the skv wa e.- us that we we.:r in fur a wei ja-.-i-.i i:; the wav back, so we mad.- s art. O-.i >!; us very preci itOUS TO'.lto, tit!-! \ : r • -f :•••.• w-.!-- MI :; • / t hey gave it a sturt riiwn !i:i« to . u- l ho way for us. One i-r-.v.- I .-•••tn-.-i J'ii- I ;i i-T tiil!y l;-i'£ : ji As it w.;s o:i us t 1 o-r. oi th way down -.ve wei-o i-.itiier damp u be V,H enieriieu from tiie scnib. Foi i u :iat«dy, v. c were c1q.-50 io th i.;i:nestefid of rs Kc.iicdy wis ;.enerouply ipplied us with a : limit* d siijiyilv lililk, «higreatly refreshed us I may met cio ih.it one tree v.e met vritit i!:e;:su;'> i -iitb fifty feet at four feet IVo'.si t!;; ; louiii. I am told i: is proposed b;> j ; »;ne of tlie resident? of Warburton t j • mi .-i n-:;ek up the mountain, and if anyone in se.-iicii of a pood climV, and with a love for grand scenery could not go wrong in taking the trip. Communicat ons of any kind intended fo; publication should be addressed to the erf; tot letters relating to business matters must bt a dressed to the proprietor. 