SUMMARY OF LATE NEWS. Mr G. Turner, Premier of Victoria, has been knighted. The Victorian Commissioner of Riilways is determined to Improve the catering at rail way stations. A frnit conference Is to be held at Brisbane on 4.h Pabruary. The sutjscta to ba discussed are orchard work, fruit distribution, storage, and insect friends and foes. A. party or American th203ophists Is now in Melbourne. Several members of the party addressed a meeting on New Year's Eve. The first of a eeries of special cheap trainB will run to the Warrnamoool exhibition to morrow. In New Guinea, snakebite has been success fully treated with permanganate of potash. Another shipping strike commenced in MeU bourne on Friday. It was hopad on Wednesday that the maritime engineer's strike was likely to be settled. Another difficulty, however, arose the seme day. Huddart, Parker, and Co. bad engaged some enpinflBrs t.n fill VAi»anr».5i-i»_ The E lgineeto' Society demanded that these men should be dismissed, but the firm refused. There Is, therefore, every prospect of a pro longation of hostilities. A. man named Charles Oiklen was killed by a train at Barwood on Friday Mir Odd*, stationmasier at. L'le, near Mud gee, committed suicide on Friday. It is reported that the records put up on long bicycle Tides are often unreliable. A man named Everest whilst driving ov-r thn railway near Geelong was run Into by a train. The horse and vehicle were cut to pieces, bat Everest escaped, almost miraculously, with a few bruises. A Hula child named Busst was scalded to death at B^ndigo by pulling over a teapot just filled with hot tea, The captain of the Taupn believes that Butler would be nlaced in irons bv the captain of the Swanhilda. M- Joseph Mitchell will reach Sydney nex- month. He has been making arrangements for the formation ot a syndicate to manufacture iron In the colony. Good progress is reported to have been made of late with reefing at Gundagal. I', is expected that employment fer a larg.i number of miners will be soon available. The Victorian revenue returns for the half year showed a marked improvement. Sab-inspector Smith, in charge of the Nar rabri police district, committed suicide on 31st December. A Queensland farmer claims to have dis covered a cure for insect pests in fruit. The Federation Enabling Act came into force od Monday. The revenue of West Australia is increasing at the rate of a million yearly. A copy of the municipal list wilt be opeD for inspection to-day at the Council Chambers. All claims for the insertion of omitted names must be filed not later than 14:h Janu ary. At the Victorian matriculation examination for 1896, 365 candidates were successful out of 808. All ratepayers owiug rates for 1895 will be proceeded against at once. Lmdowners in the Maltland district are Drotestini? asainat over assessment. They contend that somt of the assessments exceed the unimproved value of any farm land in the colony. A lad named Robert Savoge was accidentally killed at Ternora on 26 ;h Df camber. Tde grape c-opg in the Liverpool district have been irja^ed by the hot weather. , In the Albury district the hot winds have done good. John Wilson, a ] -ckey, died in the Niran dera Hospital on Friday. Wilson was ii j ired bv the fall of the horae, Heratic, In the Hurdle Rice at Whitton. A heavv bush-fire broke out on Friday last at North Yanco. One of Commandant Booth's o'j-cts Id visiting Australia is to obtain efibara for the Salvation Army. He has been fairly succesf -il, about 70 candi dates havinc; volunteered. Mr. T. T. Ward, a Sydney journalist of lone standing, died on Saturday. Mr. Ward had for manv vears been on the euuoriai hluu 01 me o m. acraia. Cuotain S^ocum harpooned a big shark r ff S\ Kilda on Saturday. When opancd it wag found to contain 47 young on ea. The earnings of the Melbourne Tramway Company show an increase for December compared with the corresponding month ot 1895. Juhu M'Djnald, an old Crimean veteran, died last week at Hillston. On Sunday last an hotel at O .range was raided ny an hotel ' barber.' The thief secured a good haul of jewellery and clothing. The Farmera' Union at Maclean is agitating for the establishment of a model farm in that locality. Some ruQlin placed dead rabbits io the uadergrnuiKt tank ot the Wicannia Hospital. Mr. P. Chevars's cottage in David- atreet barne.d riowi\'oa Wednesday morning. A lad rif.m«cl M^us^e was killed by light aing &l; Qom& oa Monday. Heavy storm passed over the district on Monday afternoon. Lord Braesey reached Danedin on Monday in the Sunbeam. The Victorian Elucatlon D.-partmant coBt £614,000 laBt year. A peculiar solar halo was noticed on San dav last. The phenomenon was visible from various parts of the colony. Lird Himpden leaves Sydney for a trip to Tasmania on 25 January. Candidates at the competitive Public Ser vice examination must send in their applica tions before 12 January. The Protectionist party has decided that the fiscal question shall not be raised at the federal elections. Tae Public Works Department demands payment of two annual instalments of the water supply debt. The Public Works Dapartment Is most un likely to obtain two instalments jast now. 