BREVITIES. H»>tt. No change. Hot as ever. Bush-fires at. hand. Air thick with smoke. Saturday a terrible scorcher. Sõndíiy dead boat ; not a breath of air. Itumiuiseent. of Coleridge's Ancient Mariner. A.N. A. concert in aid of the Bush-firo* victims. A.N. A. redeems Chiltern from well- [ merited o-liucn. They didn't return the shillings to the subscriber.-; n.ext day. Every public movement turned into a burlesque in Chiltern.' Chiltern Rifle Club, not to be deterred by the killing heat. Shags again frequenting the mud pond in the park, known »3 the lake. Society of young bloods and gcoxl shots ou^ht to he established for tho suppression of gluttons. Fleet street newspapers highly complnrifentar.v; to. Australians over their late cricketing triumph. How nic» t. Gang of swipdloir-s seHing aparious gold to Bendigo and' (r?astlemaiite banks. Two of them arrested at Tarradale on Friday. Australian horses entered freely for English events this season. Tbe Jersey Lily advertising us at h .me, Mrs Langtry having accepted for G diflierent ev<iuts„ The Salisbury Government, accused of backing down over ihe Chinese question as regards the opening of the port of Talienwan to trade. United States indignant. English people more so. England, Russia,. &nd;: F-i-rance supposed to be acting in harmony, so that Prince George of Greece may be forced upou 't urkey as Governor of Crete. What says William the crank ? Good news for all and sundry ! Bread reduced in Chiitoru to. 3$d. This is equivalent to 12^. per cent. A generous reduction truly. When will the butchers follow suit ? Or have tbe bush-tires destroyed all hope. Turner going to cut off or modify the perquisites of Royal commissions in the. future. Brandy and cigats will not preseat such a formidable item liencéforth. As Itoyaj commissions are not paid, who would allow himself to be nominated after this ? The French mail boat, Caledonian, lias arrived with small -pox on board*. Twenty passengers to be quarantined at Melbourne* Ample precautions taken to prevent the spread of the disease.. Each day brings fresh disclosures of the extensive imposition practised on bank managers who are not experts after all. Can't tell copper from gold! The company, embracing the Canadiàn ' • mail service, recently orgauized by Mr James Huddart of Huddart Parker and Co. are about tq/'-cross the Jordan" and go tho way ,of ali flcsl*. Sad ending to a bolcPand - magnificent - enterprise. 1i>ick Seddon said to be going to appointhimself to the New Zealand Agent-Generalahip. This is as it should bo. What's the. good of being in power, if a fellow can't rake in all the available loaves and fishes that are naked to the visible eye ? Mr Fowler, of Warragul, who rode through the flames to save' a cripplod farmer, is ia receipt of a letter from the Chief Justice. If Sir John's composition be a.little ambiguous, his desire to do a lofty-and patronising thing is not. Fowler ought to feci himself well rewarded after this—aye, if every feather was burned off his back. •: Attempted wife murder in Melbouru£"by another returned Coolgardieite. Fired three shots into her while inflamed with jealously and whiskey. Wife recovering. Tteking the matter quite cool in his sober moments. Wanted to shoot himself, but wasn't enthusiastic enough. Geelong water supply almost as bad as our own. Improvements suggested entailing an expenditure of £70,000. This Vtlifi sort of spirit one wouldn't expect from Sleepy Hollow. Chiltera ratepayers, note. New South Wales making a bold start against Stoddart's team. Public intereat fairly aroused', though tbe match is but a minor one. New South Wales however hat not seen the Englishmen since they have been ruthlessly mowed down and -slaughtered. Finally decided that Easter enoampment shall be held at Ballarat. Albury -ap- proached the Premier in its frigidest manner to have the Victorian encampment on the banks of the Murray, and N.S. M£ales would join forces. Too.late ! too late ! we cannot enter now. More insanity in Victoria in proportion to the population than iu any country in creation. This is á nice sort of reoord to be piling up. . Land-booming, drunkenness, immorality, gambling, and a thousand-and-one other vices doing the trick for us, to say nothing of rabbits and north winds. Stoddart's team undoubtedly in bad" luck. Have evidently fallen on evil times, the hot weather following them in ho,<| haste to Sydney. A week ago* Sydney was like-a refrigerating chamber, the day the match Ofjened the heat was as that of Hades. Four residents of Portland died last week, averaging 82- years and 6 months. This is the place to which we would migrate. When the heat was at its highest last week Portland showed a thermometer that seldom rose above 76. Look at that now 1 Young chap at Euroa shot off two of hift fingers last week with a borrowed" gun.. This didn't prevent him however from getting married next day, with-his arm-in a sling ! This fellow has the right sort of grit in him. Reminds one of the indomitable pluck ot the early pioneers, Meeting at the town-h&U; on Thursday night in connection- with the Barambogie pulp. Great demonstration- by enthusiasts, mad to fliiig away, thousands upon a majestic scheme that will supply, them with real water ! No admission for armed-advocates. Mcr -?. suasion only to be resorted to - : 