North-Eastern Ensign PUOlthlBsED AT IUENALLA FRID)AY FEBRUARY 11. 1898. Jlfuriath fbr flhe Goverlmentllt LtcL evOery other influential force, fire lhas two extronems-under control it is a good friend, otherwise a' domineering tIaster. Forsone weeks ,past its ravages have proved to be of ia most destructive character, Gippslanid, in particular, be g, for the time ruined by them. In fact thetpages of the Press everywhere grow blacker and blacker' every :day vwith 'tales; 'of' distress on account, of them-:how- farmer after farmer his Lbeen buint out ire; 1sow thous'and of sheep and cattle have been roasted alive t iiand how whole towrnships Iavo bee r$?dueed to ashes; .That these listrei ful orts are pot oeaggoerated rithero doubt-indeed, the pass at whi i aat s.vo arrived througil v lab tlie fiery iead has done is with ot'o ; upra llot l ll n?. l ol ny l)iistory "Iso far as+thlweht'?ma-tncan sayo ven tadri, Blacka TluTFi.uda into accoun : rd the'desolatiorn which has eoventu Iated bafiles dosciiti~' tp t t. is pleas ing~'[thlig, Bowe er'it mthifaceoof all tIns to' ? realhseitll thoe sympathy :of hatasectioi' 0f.the. com nunity unaf f ted"'h the disasteis recorded hias been awakekned and thait those corn posing it are giving practical relief "to thoe sufferers. a But it is a matter ?for iunveslre?rejoicing thattlthi" Governr nientr of thei;: day' realises+ tle sorious-. niess of thie situation and tlheipropriety ,of doing something for amelioration of those who aroe in=a state of distress. About tlis tlhera c be no doubt, since MraulJest; the TiMtinister ofLrands has already. indicated the intentionis of 'thi Goveronment concerniig' tlhe'situtition; In speaking at a public dininer given to the Mayor of MoIelbomene on Wed nesday last, Mr Best spoke as follows: ! The Goverilmetint -assistance will not be charity ; it will simply be geneorus treat. mont;* "''Advances will be made to enable settlers to purchase grass seed .nd vwire .fencing, and, a reasonable advance in some cases will be iiiade forbuilding for those who are absolutely without shelter.-all to be done on business lines. The eidvances will be allowed to cover a period of eight years, benring,interest at 3 percent., and the first flve·yeais will ie illowed to pass witholt'ih panmnets. -:'The money advanced will there fore have to be repaid in the last tliree years of the tleme. The interest;, 'irill have to be paidcach year. The. overnnent will also expec:t.to ~tbe'rusonabsi:ly~ntisfied with the security iv.en for tie ?ndvaiiied'aiid' ifthdere be mortgages on the land'such vill I avo to b'e inquired into liy a specially appbinted boardi, ssis'ed by a dspartment:l..epert. This aid if -promptlyrendered will resiltin' far'. as+ settlers who are tenants. of the Crown are. concerned, the Goveoienent propose to take an early opportunity bf' con sultpin the House on thie policy formnulated. In regard to the advances to the settlers, as already referred to, each case will be dealt With on its merits. In the case of wealthy farmers the Governmennt`will expect such persons to go. to financial institu tions for assistance. It is also inteaded to invite co-operation of the Savings Bankh commissioners. The Government recognise that in the fire striken districts there are miany struggling nunicipalities, to which it' is proposed to make grants of 50 per cent. on the loses caused by the destruction of cul verts and bridges; and in cases where the authorities are unable tofind the other half, the Government will assist with further ad vances. ' Inr this matter'the Goverinent re cognises that it has' to make the advances with event handed justice and generosity. 'The people of Melbourne, as has been their wont, have behaved most generously, and'thle overninent iiow propose to advance about £S5,000 for the relief of the distressed settlers. (IHear, hear.)" ' VWhat may be thooutcomie of this from a finiancial point of view as regards the State, tlere can. be no doubt at all but tihat the GovornInent is -actuated by a spirit of great liberality. ' Indeed: it seens its if itlhas done tho right thing at the right time, anrd, that its conduit ought toieot witli toe appreciation of every taxp eor of tlocoutitryfew,if any, are Ikel disputeo It thus becobies' is plkasu'resus-'toe dayto ejaciulate, in tlh Antireai T hof tose whose cause -we areoesponuginif hurrah for the Governr M{-r-e St; v~iio halias been pro eouti xcalng-that of sign w?i erfind?hiou'sdlecori'tori-in Bon alts `duinig~l tie last foew y?irs, ias seoreld lDiiconneotion with theplace, alvin. luft!e:l ere:tn lfonday last for 'D6edihi(~Ne ~Ze aland) wlhere lio hlas siedir'ed n appointmeneht with' a leiding fiF?m' of onticadtera' W:While Mr Stevens was iritBenalli hd;imade many friends, iitsiailitios asai .oobclist making hitim a favoriite at publioeconcrts and sulch li:ke entortaiinntsri'snh whichl hole iarly alwaysn took a leading patlt. AIr a tradesmanlho could not be excelled find .thol .ast paihting, et., ddoe by him en thl lo ity~-flat'wliwhclh is :teo be ,seen oea 'tie l'winduow ,of the :no'0 premises of ?[r': V' Si?' ianid in' tlie Anglican, WYel.y~y'andtRoman Oatlolio Chli holes -mtast, as 'long'as it onremains u.i defiled, be regarilded as a living proof of .his fiuo aitistic taste and ability. A few evenings prior to his departiure fronthlrre i'Mr Stovens was honored by a "send ofilf" at wlhich Mr E. Brown, ex-hi·'eoengineer, acnoted as clairman, thle principall other goentlemen prdeseit ieing Dr Barringkton, Menrs Moodio 1 MV'Pherson, Phillips nod Irving. Mr' Stevens sailed fir his now spler's of duty in the Monowni :"sV Wednanesday. Along with his mani-friends heoro wes wirh himn bon voyag is' the sconc, of hia future labors. The Violet.Town Shliro Council hau" asked thi Iocal governing body at Benalla by letter during thie week to co operate with it in repairing 'Nalinga bridge instead of .expending £70 or. £80 thereon, as previously proposed, but the communication received can not beo practically dealt with till the 7th of neoxt month, on which date the j3mnalla Shire Council medts. Mr J. Ginnivan, a son of ex-Coun- cillor Ginnivan, whilst driving a bull on horseback at Samaria on Saturday last, was thrown from his horse and sustained a broken wrist, the injury being subsequently attended to by a local doctor. A new thing for catch)li (lies his lately.been designed and would be viry useful in Benalla just iowv.1 TIGjs des cribed as being like a shelet of papeir with a surface composedboft siuff so sticky that when membors ?f tho "esti put their 'feet upon jit' they become caught. M?"r Frank IIondersen, and old, resi dent of Benalla, a son-in-lay. of T:?frs" 'Field, died a week ago. Decoased, who was a° native ofFinilandi, was a' ?dind heartted, inoffensiveo mu and,: w greatly esteemed: by iall whio -know ' The ciadjourned nmeeting of. tlh?b Bii3a)lha itosvorkosT isrut was held on ..Mondpv `jt"'tho'followsing metsbots; bleing .present sios laric(chairmari), Reilly. Ballsaiid Slior-, tell. The =buisiness done by thei meet ing was unimportalit:: n application' miado' f "by it Wamn- ackeillF for' a refund. of-£1 over paid: asrrate to. the i ate lAIr Baron was ,io :ferred' 'to; one' off the 'atecollectors aiidd £38 ,vwas passed- for payment. -The secretary reportedthat 'the Trust was £114 odd in ?redit:and :tliat'.90 vwasdu to theiailway deIparsment.' A :eport-receivedafiorn the pumping' engineer showed that duringi the paist mnonthl 148,000 gallons bofý water had been used. daily- 107 gallonrs by itldh railwa :depaitmnert:and' 41,000 byhthe townships. Tho'e ~~V AAIAArr?, DaspaTroe hais just taught the local aced club a lesson which 'ought to be notedeovoryihere. It appears thi at i::last general elec .tion'"the paper: alluded : to tlio6ight fit toh tsko a, couses"of its'owii in re gard" to the contest for "Vangarattal arid .Itthierglen.- -So'hie people in the Icality,:) became .displeased,- atthis ias thlioulibotlls noispaperi of 'the place' ought to have acted according to tleir, way: of 'thinking,. and the. DhsiATona was actially" boycotted ' by' the i race club of i.,wlhich most of thCp offended parties ivere memnbers. Rotaliation, howevor, has just come, for, thr'ough' the way the DISPATc lhas worked, and the way the ,public haies backed it, a new iace clihb la ?n enifoi?uied in th localinty one, i iadeed,. lichs isso strong' as ,to ?jstify tli0 o. pinion 'tlat it will enjoy a- long careeri of popu herity. iMr Do Saxe, dentist; sequoidts us to state that .he intends paying llis.usual' profesioinal visit to BenallaOttn Thiurs-' dayreiixt, when lto may be hbnsulted at :the lBenalla Hotel= ''` Thi Loch Erno' Hotel, which'. hias' time past by:Mt anidMrfs' M'Guinniiis;' has "changed . haiids the" incouing: lesseeo being Ml\rs efIrslhall, a.::hotel keeper" in? Gippslaiid. Mr ý . .1 WVeaver;too-one of .the most widely know:publicans liere-has disposed of his lease of the Victoria hotel to a lMi ;Plhipps, of Coburg: InT tihe latter case negotiations are to .be coipleted on' Wednesday -next. Meantimne, Mr. Weitier is in, receipt of a substantial deposit as a bonaefide of Mr' Phipps' intentions as a,buyer. '. Amended regulations coincerning the granting of loans by the Government to district wineries haveo bien pub lishedl ih the " Government Gazette." They empower the. 'Minister 'of Agri culture to lend inohey 'to any wiieryi company having, a capital of not less than £500, to assist it in building wine' cellars, and pu hdlasing mcishinery, vats, &e;:. The anmount' advaiced to.a comlpany is nor, to exceed the capital actually paid up, 'and in ino case is it to be more thant £2000. If at the end of three years; the company has produced '0,000 gallons of 'mirketable wine the loan is to become a grant, or bonus, to it, in recognition of its hav ing fulfilled the conditions. i The' combination^started at Tifh:ui on the part' of the farimers to ox~ort' tlheirwheat is gaining strength. It is ho?r 'aitld that theoo will be no difficulty. in 'raising '0,000 bags. eadntinie; Goldsborough, Morst and Co. have bl'en appointed to undertake the' woirk of shipment.' ' ":Next sitting of theo Bonalla Gonsiral SessiSons is to be held on Wednesday, 23rd'inst.' The following are thloecses 'so far''.i istedt-' Tho Queen v Whliite and Archibald Camororon as t witliinte~i t to rob, at Tungamirh ; same E JJ. S.King anrcoenyin idwohiSg, et TVahglitiyah; same v. Jny. T. Hor bert, ThosBarreatt ud Jno.ilToward, lawfully and malieaiously woun?ding, ait Wahgunyali, ' r The cost of auditing the Beseialla shire accounts, which workl hias just. booeen done, totals £81 Os bd, br £5 more than what was spent: in the samen direction ldurinsg the previous yea.r, About £40 'of tshe niouit s indicated frlls ' to' the lot of thb 'Govornniesiit iuditor, and the bahsla '-c- £3,l I 3s-tI tlh local'uuditor. :.. .Thlere is great distmus~ sleirs;ngltsh people of Crete. Five hundred 'lorsons whso wr' starving have oemnigrated to Greece duirisg ilho last few days,: and: 250 are destitute and awaitingnaiop.' I portunity to leave the island. ':.: A snining lease is 'now rsifdy for execution to 1I. Zornig and A. Kichlli; Benalla, the arca sescured by tihe lessees being 70 acres, upon which they will have to pay an an nual rent of £8 178 Sd " The audit of thie books of the liem alla Sbio Counicil hlu been completesl, thel work'oceupyintg i fe'; days longer thnitll usual, The Seven Creeks, from which f ' Euroa butter factory draws its supply for tlio.manufacture of ice "' now stopped running, The. direc?t have decided to sink a well, ancd ul they get apleritiful suipply will halew cease operations. The milk supplies, falling off considerably. For' thl"e monilhthhecolmpany paid 2d - perl"ti ion ad'i 3.6, test; equal to 0 d. l lb."for'bd't ;.,. ~...i. :Theinrtercolonial conference of Ifi isters of Agriculture convened by ,it Tavorneorhaseoncluded its t.eeein and arrived at.resolutions bea.ungs subjects 'of-iiiutual interest. , ai the qucesionsdealt with were the ji pest,;jtlie promoetion of the leather ·l dustry i"reduction of railway a ld oe frighlts'.for prodtice, .joint disphla Londonh;, lio mariking of agricultuere produce, diseases in fruit and tb matters of importance to producers if A:: ccountsto liand from Toombuli and Warrenbayne show that tie I vhricif btitcd, in ithese places e ago have 'revived. In th fir:lrse localityi, "the ` p roperties of 1Me, st, ;+,+ aisd Webb lhave -sus heav'ily., :At Toonmbullup a greatd of-damage has been done, butischi confined to a large area of Crown I? In' VWrrenbayne, too, the fire did 'groat: amount of damage. It star atFarre l's;Flat; rnd Lims, and:I ran- esurasttia,-tuy a.., to'Bohio, destiroying all befote lt an iarea 20 miles long and 10 broad; Throughout the couitry t were numerous unoccupied homest lit presnt ilic the hands of m ortage chiefly, metriopolitan .money leI Nearl ?? esicry iaoE of these houscer ben :reduced: ;to ashes. ,rine those wlios'.suffictred most are 1i L'awrcnce Johnson; J: and B. D iionld muaid Lane . Fortunately,' lattilr ss's 'ous?, was saved-a cumstanceodue to, the untiring .e of Messrs' 3'WardoBros, who tr thetmselves aearly blind, pullcingicc everythinginfiahniinable about lie perty:.,i?r 'iane 'is a: hotelkee Violet Town?: nrit one or two 'crojpsofoatshliadea:vury narrow es from idestruction.; Bar the in which hleas been done to. grass fenc4s,. it isasied that the greiter of the .countiy over which thc e i? iavo' traveilld ,0boin" Crown Ia wiillibe gri;atly,bnefitted by the a tion. -'- : A most shockieig incident oees at. MIoornigag"'on Tuesday. `A boy.7 .years,old, sra son of Mcr Bii a .wellknown settler of thie oc wlandered "tlughltlessly, away tlhree chains' fom his parents' h inteo. er- paddock. wherein the'e s, young Jorsey; blll. Soon after aneltlder brotler, wlho was sent to foer tie imnissing child, saw the a named, butting; sometlhing on groutnd.. Later on it was found the bull had killed the little f whos:e clothres were all in rap wvloso?bboily: c6nithined several f looking ,wourids, :Thie father of child wasinway froimI home atthti So forooiousi i was tlhe animal t :appearsto l?favfo jumped out of oaolo .a .,.,t K.,. nI-.h i-.. to ifle inoilfinfi;ro victim and consid dificulty was experienced befo couldbhe driven iaway from hIis work.' The bull was subseqsent stroyed. An inquest was hel Wednesday 'before i'?r Heaney, Swanpool, touching the affair a verdict?an accordance with the relatedwas recorded. A Aninteresting lawsuit is to be at ne.xt Benalla 'County Cour? plaintiff being .Mr -Lohlinzk, Co cial-road, and- the defendant the W'ter Trust ':In fact legal acti already .been taken against the named for a refund of £8 and dama?s:i Tire facts of tle case follows :--On the 10th Septemh' thie Trust sold- through ;the shm officer, throe allotmernts bf I Boilall, for':whichl no owners co founid and on. iwhich there- was sidercable amount owing for rat ting judgicent at Court fi .course, for' whatl was'due in t spect. iMr Loblinzk bought t tihe llotmeonts thus disposed ofil Later on ho soughtc to bringt perties acquired by hiim rtnd Transfer of Land Statute, but that l?e could not get a tithe to Tihoe gresona.oflthlis- being soS cause trho perslons whoiwere r "to ? ,e tihe Own?is pf the allot 'riarely, ;Crawford in: one co \Vlirtlgy in thlot ot.her-were o??, tress of thlem Gnder a deed of eent made by ono "Christophit gins. 'jIn conscquentce ?ltr l noew seeks redress' at law, and ore gettieg it on thei fact that. inadbcihis pnurcliass he expecltd r'propor title to the licnd. Tie on 'the other hand, deties thlt uiindeirtook to do' this snd shell self boishind the wor'ding of the tisenieht under whichl it old tlat it wsiasellirng " the rigiht, I inrterest (is' AN)" of t11he llotet Tire Cotienissioner of:rait declines to glrnt Lho requesolr Beonall SlIireo Council to recO gatesfroir D'Elora's crossing reaid belwison Glerrowan and garea.l,. ILL a conlmunicatiodt coivcld frm tnlleu delpartmentl nialtt tic th ~c'trltaLry for railca) \--" The road ic questiir cc whoier tIle NlethleCYsteCri lineS construcrtill by.tht Ioirotdl of I I'Yorks, acetir unrl;er sctiose IRailwrise Act 1ItiD. Icc tlie stances tiheo comnullrcissiotlrl' ' say tiht he- will dlefend t)5' four council emay take to og roadl arnd thct Cro\vn solicitot irstructech to acoeps oerOie fli or to irstitutro procccircin.g your' coucril eiioukii Ubk latter course ci propcee oee. otscr'tinicste ec l a lc-i l hoeid cli p ictcs rly, 'eincited tite inti -of Eti ltc'iclcli . Shie rcc:cOUtt day)s go, i'lict u, iOi'ctcius ireo icy LLtc oeeacic' Applications for Crown grants are gazetted approved thus:-Jas. Parish, 320a, Devenish; Edward Ryan, 129a, Benalla; and Jas. Byrne, 323a, Bal mattum. A copy of last issue of the LEADERi is to hand, the same being as usual, a highly interesting production. Druids' Gala Art Union first' prize value £1000 tickets atls each. Agent for Benalln Victor Say, Chemist, News A ent and Secdsman-Nunn Streeto Mr ] . Moorey, a leading stoarekeopei at Mansfield, was found dead in his-?ed a few mornings ago, an inqciest subse quently held revealing the fact that the cause of death was an affection of the heart. Deceased (says the local newspaper) was suspicious in all his undertakings until he found everythiig was right, when he fully trusted; His suspicious nature was most marked in" the way lie guarded his wealth. In his bedroom were found- a double barrelled gun and two. revolvers fully loaded. The safe was also att cled to a gun so that anybody passing i-c after he .went .to bed wi'z;u" firoe i o:ff and shoot :h!itself. Ever since .,the fin lencial oci.rsh deceased had, very little to do with banks, as several thousand sovereigns were found stored away in various hiding plhces'on the premises, aind it is supposed there are other plants yet. ?::The Masfield CotuIE.R relates the oll iidinioteiesting partioulars about tlihe local governing body :-The motto of the Council seems not to be progres' sion, but retrogression. Councillor Barrow introduced a precedent last Wednesday which has no equal in tihe annals of;ariy Council that. we have heard of., Not satisfied with nearly two hours to have their dinner and "bottle up," they actually,' at the above councillor's instigation, went 'ixpence in and gbt a bottle of. whisky; "which was placed on the table. Coun cillor Parsons, to his credit be it said, wduld neither put sixpence in or paprl tikes of the whisky after it was obtained so eight of thein liad it to themselves. Seveial of the couniillors iacknow ledged their, error to: us afferwairds, and thought'it was a great midtake the whisky was ever obtained, asibusiness would hav? been- got through' an hour before if they hadnot beeni'so talka tive. ... The follo?ving is ait extract: froim a letter received from the Hon. I. :H. Grives, "ILP., last6week i:"I do not believe; thatl I am thought an idler, but for the first :time in my life I am :;ill and in the doctor's hands. Five 'days '"after the last election !I got a severei attack of :i'ramp.in 'ny:'ch'est and then becamie: severely fevdrish' (low fever). I lost imy voice completely and . couldhnot eat or sleep, and had for the firstitime for 40.years to take to.- my. bed for four days. My Pailiaiiefintary duties ivere very: heavy, and I came back toiwork lbefoire T was sufficiently. recovered.- As a result my heart became aff ected, anid now I am under. ho care of Dr-~Williamns, of Collins-sateet. He sayrs:i;, ust stay out `of town fo" a fe .i-weels ,:ndi, .attend ;. to .-is *directions, whlenplie wiill be able to say. to ::i:i~t;. extent'-Z am wrong-:.iMy sys~tiin is.ruhn doi? from?mentsal ii-and physical work;iand hei thinks it "vill: take a month itol pull me rounid.: I havoe doniecliy best to keep my Parlia mentary work ulp, but uiider these cir cumstances it is beyond miy powier' "I lhopbmy frieisds of. Delatiteo will 'not' ;think I am vwilfully neglectful.' 'In-a rece tissue of f=the Essia . as article appeared, in lwhiel ie was said that tile farmers of tihe Goulburn Val ley Wore, co-opieratilig to' expot' their ::wheat. Since then na agreement 'his: ,been drawn up respecting the matter, fthe followiing. beiniigthe iconditions thereof:-I. That the said wheat he for warded throdugh sona reliable firm of brokers, eachl. farmer to: send. his owri,individual parcel, legibly braided,' to the appointed hbioker in'Melbburne, iwheri nqtified, isuch broke. to return himn(tl?o farmer) ,a receipt for.same, with weights attache:d;:s 2. " That only puiire wheat, must :lio siit, broker to have poser to reecct any w hbat of in feriorior quality rejected `iwheat' t'o b' .-disposed of in Melbourne as owner may desiro., 3. That; tlhe t wheat, .on -ar rival in London, bd'disposeei of byEtlis, said' broker, and'every usual precaution to he taken :for the safe carriage of same; This broker shall remit pioceeds to each farmer-in 'the. usual way. A liberal advanco will be made to any farmer desiringisamo on'ariival' of the Swhes' in Molbourne.'::, A.. soiisational discovery is reported fromt Vienina: Dr Sclienek professor at tihe locdalunversity, :and president :of othl Eiibryological Institute, main tasitisdi tlie c"aln deteomine the sex bf aniy unborn animals froni the lowest to tlhl higlidstorganisittion. He has been -studying tlie iquestion 'foi-r upwards of 0\. yeiars,";iend has jastliteorminated;liis researclhes. IHo i ill plac thoe resultiof hds Woirk before thei Viena Aciideniy of Eciseo, mcnd' rofu'His"to piblisii liis s.secroe: ufltil' tlit? bo dy'has given' its opiniion. All tlilitlie discloses is that lt l?es obispiplointedLi'vistli families' of ,:hias icqunitince~,lndl has enabled thio ladioid to hiiav- boys or girls, just" is Sthey doasircd:, He began Isis experi m onllts upois the lowest species ofinvor e' bisato aiitliusls,! gradually scent .t. ihiglier cliasast, an id.ially applied his tihsolrsy'to wo w le no- Tie opinitcimsiof • soioiti-tsitpon tim a lleged ldiscover·jlis vairy "vnrious ' k:l·osoe' of th plersones counsulicd "'ri ss?e Vij,-sceptical, 'vhild .dlsithe;roei'jad :li dhc:d soery as seirlous, 'id'el say tlaUsi i' u? e n uny otlher secrets of iantulne have' ii:len discovered, the reaisuis oil which depehds the sex of umibortsi 'children muay possibly he " formed. :: It i- poisited out that Samongst bees a:- may 1s determined by food. - When a queen bee dies lher 'late :subjects' select an egg or a grub tllhat would halivei 7 oidinnrily .pro Sducid a drone ora neuter bee, andt by fooeedisi' iftwith 'vhbi tis known'etorup iaisis? H'n " queiOn" jlhiy" turn it int iI ,rfsilly:dosehlopsi queon lUiA? The eunalla Court of Petty Sessions sat as usual on Tuesday, two local jus tices, Meessrs Blackurno and Macauley, presiding. A couple of cases were down forhearing-Simpson v. Harris; a claim for £5 8s-and .nlacrow and Son v. Mirs.1. Cox for recovery of £1 16s Gd, use and hire of clhattels. In the first instance a verdict for the amount, with £1 18s GdotiSs6 , wsi given whilst the claim ini the latter was with drawn. ' . A cablegranm fim fih'ondon :says: i-A di.?abmi9us ~fi ?oeuiOQ'ed, jPl lgila, tie capital oft tho Pilippine islands, iio fewer; thai :tw .libnidredihouses being ??Tllre Mllanrra?vony corn spondont4 of the Euroa Ga EETrI says -As, sl;oy ing the extraordinir y season wo- tre now,, how ,iabving thoa most, unusual sight: of wvittle trees:in :full' blossom may b-ce seen on Mr Quaille's Eagle Nest estate.. . At tlihe Dookie Court of Petty Sm:o sions, onvWednesday last, prosecutions i??titited`':by- the Thistle Iiispector (represeuited by Mr "Brown) against tli' Rev. Joseph Hay, Messrs Jas. 1loylan,.Jio. Ryan and Samuel Ja??k son for breaches of the Thistle Act were dismissed, with costs of £1 is in each case against the. prosecutor ex cept :in that of 5Mr Ryan. Tihe Benalla Shire Coundil: has, in: reply to an inquiry made by its sec:c; tary, been informed that the minimum wage: -for -laborers' employed at thde local engine shed works is Os-pcr day . The annual tea meeting in connec tion with St. Andrew's ?Fhurclh is to'eo held on Wednesday, 9th 'March.l:.? EFll particulars will be' g?iieiii futUiioi ady rtisemonts. BiBush:fires are still" raging"witls':un=: diminished fury in Giippslanld and'elsd where.-. Yesterdays daily papoiers show tlinha edly 30 districts;-re ablaze and thatl twenty?-one l homesteadswere 'des troyed ~at :Forster calone, -including countless sheep,,cttle ;ind horses. Reports finnm ,Tasmiania "indnicate ia fearful state of tlnigs- naimely, lie burniingi ut'of iuiniirous; landlioldors including the loss of sevelrallives. - ? "The Revs. J. Hoban and Crooke, Wesleyan clergymen, united Miss Collins, daughter of Mr Collins, store- keeper, and Mr J Sherwill, youngest. son of Mr J. Sherwill, butcher, in the bonds of matrimony on Wednesday last. Miss Minnie and Maud Collins, relatives of the bride, as well as Miss Edie Sherwill, a sister of the bride groom, acted as bridesmaids whilst Mr Geo. Reilly discharged the duties of best man. Victor Say, Clicmnist7 NewasAgent and Seedsiian lhas remioved to oposite side of Nunh Street Beiialla.LL[ IAv] ýWlant of water is seriously impeding mining operations' lie're a coniditiii of affairs which has becomn accdntuated through lsome of the settlers about Baddaginnie opening several dams con structed ,by prospectors-for.puddling and other piurposes;iand diverting' the wsaterthus stored into ltheirown ter ritory. Matteiris .in this coninectioni have, in fact, arrived at such a pass that a report was sojie days ago lod?ed willth the WVator. Supply- depart mont, ;and tho: Crolwn Lands bailiff for,-: thi- distriit.io linst since= beden aitidrised to inquirero into thel com ll?int.. It does not~ippear;ootbo known exactly what course ilihat fficer -ifi: tends to pursue, but it is said that aitlhe waitter has been diverted from" its'nati ural course, the ?ffenders:.ire likely to be lrosecittedl. ' eantime, prospectors Murray, Paintter;Thlistlieoii and "otliefi are raising payable stuff, ivliicl. tlioy intend, to wash as soon as itrains; _A ledisi'f 70Q acires its jimst beeni issied, to Messis Zornig and Kichler; forlalluvial` purposes,. and five other pioperties lately acquired by different well-known. local parties are, expected; to be ioon in' full swino,-"; t.lio delay lieretofbore eaused in workbeing: th non; exection of thellcaseodapplied for in coinnection ivith 'them.: Fair progress is' being made at Hourigan's Creek- allallavial. Bryce and Holleri.there are driving in: payable wash? yit a depth'of 16 feet; whilst James and party; aro getting ous a. maclhino: of wash,. mnd expect to have.ltheir iindertiaking- flnished in. a wemk. Hughes and party are slucing. \with. prospects .of. oz of goid to the load. Simmnonds 'and party. have cleaned iupIliloads of stuff for l-oze of the same metal. MNamara and mate are making -good wages at the at the head;of , the creek. At- middle Creek Caffrey and party are inakingi a little more than tucker,' and the pro priotary of the Star of the Vest are still driving to cut the i"ash iStruik by. their boring operations some time igo. . ,. A. V, lad inmed Ovid Tomkins, :whilst workini? at 'a machine 3)esterday' it Moodie's ,establislihiont, Bonalla, sus tained an accidentto his thumbwiwhere by tliohe firstjoiit thereof has had to be amputated. :, 2 Th'e ,Hon.J. H; Griaves,; MI.P.' fo Delatite, initonds visiting" -Boialla on Tiosdayj thi.: 15th inst.i, to see'whan t can be dsne for thoso in hiis electiolrat wvho: liave sustained loss by bush fireds kA lettei·rlto this eoffcb has been 0? cai?ved by Or Wallace. ..; 