ITEMS, OF INTEREST. Edmund Burton was 49 on the 18th :nst. The Fed i ration leader Dairies his. age well. Madame Alhani, the famous vocalist, is ci ming to Australia. She will afford a rare treat to lovers- of good singing. At Xalgoorlie (W.A.) a heap of rejected tail- ings was recently put through tor a return of 9 z to the ton. Rejected, eh 1 The Minister for Lands has withdrawn 722,S37 acres of land from pastoral occupa tion, aiid rendered it available for settlement, During the last eighteen months or two years no Itss than 347,234 acres of land havn heen selected in the Riverina- district of N. S. Wales. The labor party, labir member Hughes says, has nothing to expect from Mr. Lyne, judging either by his past record or his piesent promises. Six lives were lost in the Taamanian bush- fire on New Year's eve. , Hundreds of acres of fruit-gardens were scorched to cinders, and 50 families rendered homeless. " I would sooner have the opposition of Mr. Slst'e y than that of any other candidata I can th uk of," siid Premier Reid to a re porter, the-other day. And. having said this much — it was in a train — he quietly went to sleep. The labor and protectionist forces will' evidently be in heavy conflict at next election. Lyne, Copclnnd, See and Co., attack the libor members at every opportunity, and the replies, equally sharp and unrelenting, ate now beginning to be heard. Among the many remedies fur indigRBt-on is the ngrpenhle one of the rock:ng- chair. An excillent medical authority deal ires that the slow, rocking motion after meals stimu lates the digestive functions, and givesmarked relief. The patient ought to be placed in an almost horizontal position. In the United StateB, where the greedy hand of cap'tal is thrust out to monopolise every form of industry, the latest thing is a theatrical trust. The object of the trust is to get hold of aU the best theatres and then dictate the most profitable tetms (for the Bhaiks) to the actors at least, and probably also to the puhlic, . 