CURRENT TOPICS. OHR GREATEST STAPLE INDUSTRY.—Victorian gold mines declared dividends last year in the magnificent sum of £532,294. This was a large increase on the dividends of the previous year, and while a notable decline was observable in Bendigo, Maryborough, sad other districts, ( * Chiltern and Rutherglen" stands almost at the top among districts contributing to the increase. Of the increase indicated, this district has contributed £12,160, being onty £6 less than that of Maldon which heads the list. If any doubt has hitherto existed of the progressive character of our mining operations it will be çntjirely dispelled by ti\is gratifying official return. Our golden resources are in their iuf&nc-jr;, & waiting only capital for a uifiguificent development. These latest statistics prove this to be no idle boast. WORKING THE ORACLJE.—As to the merits of the letter which appears in another column from the pen of Mr O'Sullivan we would prefer to remain silent at least until the Council has reconsidered its decision in connection with the land under dispute. An enclosure in Mr O'Sullivau's letter received 2$ years, ago from the Lands Departmen t attaches more than an ordinary interest to the rival warfare now being locally waged. It shows, if language ever spoke plainly, that political influence has been used to perpetrate a job, which reflects a deeper discredit upou the Lands Department than on the wire-pullers and their tractable agents, whoever they may be. Here is the letter from the Lands Department which bears date, lltli May 1896. " Refeiring to your letter of the 12th. ult. relative to allotment 7 of Sec, 10, Township of Barnawartha, I have the honour to. inform you that it is not the intention of this department to- sell the site used for brick-making, which, with that required for water, will be excised from the area before salo,- There u no necessity whatever for any further inquiry." To this letter is appended the signature of Mr Morkham. It speaks for itself, and casts another shadow on a transaction which has allthe appearance of being discreditable from start to finish. As the Council undertook to make a recommendation in connection with this land, they must do as. we do—frankly admit being influenced by imperfect and misleading information. In. view of all the circumstauces of the case th.* Council's duty is obvious. CHARITABLE ENTER-BAUTMIKT. — The A.N.A. at its usual fortnightly meeting held on Tuesday determined ta organize some form of entertainment in. aid of the sufferers by the Gippsland bush-fires. A committee was formed te. perfect all arrangements in connection with the laudable movement. Tits TOWN BAUD*—A committee meeting of the Town Band will be held to-night to make arrangements, for the holding of an entertainment in aid of the funds, which may probably take the form, of a minstrel troupe performance. CRICKET.—The following members of the Barambogie Cricket Club- are requested to meet on. the local * ground on Saturday (to-morrow) at 2.30 p.m., to play their mateh against Rutherglen United :— Taylor, Bogle, Swift, Eddy, Nicholls, Smith, Evans (2), Morgan, Speers, Martin, Allen, Rosen" green, McDonald, Prater, Raby, and Edwards. A SPLENDED POSITION.—Not only in dividend paying has Chiltern and Rutherglen attained an enviable notoriety amongst the gold producing districts of the eoiou.v, but also iu increased production. In this respect our district again stands second in the list of honorable mention, running the golden Ballarat hard. Bollarat contributes 18,592 oz to the increase of last year over that of 1896, while " Chiltern and Rutherglern" comes a great second with an increase of 15,313 oz. This is the sort of testimony that accentuates not only our present position as a prolific gold- field, butt-be great future already dawning, to shed its lust-re over our obscure past. In the hour of our self-complacency we should not be oblivious of the fact that to one ma», this great success is primarily and principally due, and that this man is Mr J. A. Wallace, a man of restless, and magnificent, enterprise. THE CHILTERN ATHKIUEUM.—This loca 1 institution *gi ves little indication of popularity At the annual meeting held on Tuesday night there was only a handful in attendance, just barely sufflcient from whieh to elect the nine officers deemed necessary for its management. This lack of interest is a matter of muoh regret. The management have not failed in their duty to the subscribers ; why then this apathy on the part of the public? The Athenaeum, has evidently fallen upon evil days, and entirely owing to public indifference. CHILTERN RITLE CLUB.—The annual meeting of this club is advertised to be held on Thursday next, the 3rd proxime. The principle business will be the election of officers for the ensuing yeir, for which all nominations must be in by Monday next. 