RURAL-NOTES. Oppressively hot weather has been ex perienced this week, reports from all parts of the colony telling of a high range of temperature. Harvesting operations are now in full swing, and. except in the manee, wnere tne crops nave railed badly, the wheat returns are fairly satisfactory. The oat crop is generally light, and oarley yields are poor, while at "the same Lime the grain is very thin though of good colour. Over the whole of the northern districts where dairying is practised, the milk yields are shrinking daily, on ac count of the parched condition of the pastures. In the coast districts the heat, wave has done a good deal of damage to the grass, by causing it to dry up, and a reduction of the output of butter factories may, in consequence, be expected. Bush-fires have already begun, and unless great precautions are exercised, tnucb damage is likely to be caused before. the end of summer, as there is a considerable quantity of dry grass in most localities. The Government experimental bore at- Bando Station struck a flow of 2£ million gallons of water daily at a depth of 1900 feet. The shipments of butter during the current season amounted to 52,000 boxes, representing' 1300 tons. It is estimated that at the close of the year the exports will exceed that of 1834, when 80,000 boxes were shipped. A new variety of oats grown from a parcel of seed imported direct from America last season by -Mr. IM. Garrett, jun., is noted by the "Shepparton Ad vertiser," which describes " the variety as the Siberian, showing a .remarkable propensity for stooling out, the sample having 20 and 30 stalks to the one root. The grain also is of good quality, and the trial would seem to prove that the variety is a valuable one for this part of. the colony." A plague of grasshoppers is threatened in Riverina. Reports from the out dis tricts1 (an Albury correspondent writes) show that a plague of grasshoppers is travelling towards the Murray, 'destroying everything green in the orchards and vineyards.' At Burrumbuttock and Jin- dera the pest has eaten the fruit trees bare of foliage, and even attacked the bark. The kitchen gardens are devastated everywhere. Fortunately, the wheat crops are too ripe to tempt the insects. Latest harvest reports from Tamworth show that the average wheat yield for that district is 24 bushels to the acre, the quality being the best for many seasons. Sydney buyers are eagerly buying at the association millers' price, or its Tarn worth equivalent, though there appears to be no desire to offer'a higher figure. The farm ers think' that the current price for wheat is too low, and- that the market is bound to harden in the near future. Stock entering Victoria last week from New South Wales via Echuca on Tuesday included 1440 sheep, from VVillandra Sta tion, consigned' to -Anderson and Co., Flemington Meat Preserving Co. ; and 71 cattle from Faulkner Bros., Boonooke Station (owners), consigned to Trench-vrd and Co.", Newmarket. A drover in charge of some of the cattle from Boonooke Stn- fcioiv iH- Rivm,iua;-scat'esT;Ua't "iv heii passing through there was plenty of grass in the back country, but a terrible scarcity of water, which means a bad lookout for the graziers uuless a good rainfall takes place soon. Twenty per cent, of the whole cattle in the world suffer from tuberculosis, a disease which is readily conveyed to man consuming meat or milk where the beast yielding the same has been seriously effected. Yet- with this terrible fact per fectly well known, it is extraordinary that so much apathy exists on the subject. The filthy conditions, too, under which cows are often kept are responsible for a good deal of typhoid and diphtheria. As showing what low prices are ruling for store slieop at the present time incon sequence of the scarcity of feed, it may be mentioned (writes the " Canterbury Times") that at the Ashburton saloyards on December 7 a line of about 100 merino ewes changed hands at 5|d. each, and it is said that they were taken to feed pigs. At another country sale, Is. per dozen was the best- offer for some aged merino ewes, which, however, was not accepted. Cows, to do their best, must be kept in good condition. It is very easy to yield to temptation when- feed is short and put- the cows on short rations, but this is al ways at the expense of the milk yiold, and quickly touches the pooket of the cow owner. 