A PLAGUE OF BUSHFIRES. HARROWING SUFFERINGS. AWFUL AND WIDESPREAD DESTRUC TION. HEROIC FIGHTING AGAINST FEARFUL ODDS. South gippsland is red-eyed and heart broken (savs an Argus special from Korum burra). There is not a man, woman, or child in the whole forest country who is not more or le>5s blindetf by tnprsmbltOji iand Ihcrp £r63huh- ; tlrkls \riio arc homeless. :As;tH0 day^wbarson, thov are coming front the town, aod mor.opitia.blp Bpcdtacleg couia BCftr oly bo imagined. With' eyes,bandaged, hands burned, heir singed, clbUtoS;-torn, and .dirt crimodtUioy straggled hr, and though thcroaro kindly welcomes for them from the townsfolk, there is that in their. faces which'tells thotalc 0 f Tsjesday's tVngic " One man who came into Korumbaih-ft to-day ( Wednesday),'had entered tlie almost -impone trahlo forest of MTionaidWV Traci?; 80 . years n ,', 0 ' aud . hadearvod for hiinself; and, his family out of the very .heart 'of the/b'nsh a home which anyone mighfc luivc boon proud of. On Tuesday morning ho was poptfoidahly off and reasonably happy. To-day he owns nbUnng thnt acrcs of charred land, roasted stock, and a smoko bhndpd family’. His of many; ■ , . through the nvngecountry between Urn main Gippsland railway lino ap'd tlip Great Sputliorh line, is the - track known;; 'as McDpnald|s. settlement has grow n up; -along it, and bbm monoing just outside Korqmburnv, bpth sidcs of the traok arc dotted the bomcsteadsrof-iprosporouB That is to say, they were dotted _wttf/hVmosteads until last night. To-day a ride pl£ miles , along . the track* rovoalsa' scerib of ...piteous .desolation, llardly ahomestendhas escaped,.and in almost every instance : nothing- -remains to .-mark the settlement but chimney and n pile of still smbuldonng -nuns, round-.which stock lie roasted. ,,, . ■ ,, ‘ '. \i - f ' ' V • An Indiah_lmwkGr, caiTyvng a , pack towards 1 Yarragbn, was surroubclea by. the flames,. - and was found kneeling on tbo grohiid 'in an at titude of prayer,. The .'rescuer had to force.; him to a, place of safety : in -* order to-pro- , vent Ida getting burnSdup,,.-Tlfe BotUbrs. eoming- from - Yarrogon- present -a’, pitiable sighfc-. Moat of them aTo bliqd from smoke, and have to be led about, Constable Walshb has wired to the Minister of Minos for food arid blankets, as many of tlib-hbmelcss tiro also loft pennOess. The majority of thb paling splitters, paling splitting boing a large industry in this district, havo buried thoir palings to save thorn from the five, and, in so apings many of them have had' narrow escapes from, death. The fires'are bounding from,tree to tree; and are often alight to a considerable distance over head before tfio scriib iimtorfoobVis touched. Cattle have perished- in'hundreds; and many have been moved to places .previously burnt Many of tlie settlors have hot bccnin bed for nights, workingto save tlioir property. 