The Par aer. The present season in Victoria is most disastrous experienced for 35 ye Robertson Dairy Company last v paid a dividend of io per cent. 39,28: ol butter were sold last half-year. On many farms the weather wears more tools than uso, and wastes m food than all the stock on the place. Mr. J. B. Johnston shipped 130 bo of butter to England on Saturday by Oroya. 1760 boxes in all were taken. Every dead cow-when the cause death is not properly obvious-is cons ered, in Denmark, a fit subject for an o cial enquiry. The thermometer registered 1 degrees in the shade at Richmond on S urday. A cool change came over, ho ever, on Monday. Germany has forbidden the imporl tion of American canned fruit, becaui it is said, of the traces that have be found of a dangerous insect m it. 2,000,000 cwt. of cheese is annually ii ported in England, the largest proportii of this by Canada, the United States, ai Holland. What is Australia doing. The farmers and selectors in the Gipp land district (Vic.) have suffered enc mous losses through bush-fires, thousan« of head of stock, in addition to hom steads, crops, &c;" having been destroye during the past week. Potatoes last week maintained hig prices for good local samples, as much ; 7/- being realised by Hawkesbury gro\ ers. Farmers who have potatoes ha^ been getting them into the market wil commendable alacrity during the preset week, and at the rate.they are goiti Sydney wards, the supply should soon t run out now. As an example of the strides bein made in dairying it may be mentione that on the Richmond one company alon is shipping over 100 tons of butter pe month, while 23 tons of honey wer shipped from one bee farm within th same period. The " Lismore Chronicle reports that 96^ tons of butter wer shipped from tnere recently in one weel a record shipment worth about ¿7,000. Mr. J. L. Thompson has been demons trating to the dairymen of the Northen Rivers the method of making ensilage and has visited several farms in the Lis more district for the purpose of preparing stacks. Wheu will Hawkesbury farmer: de something in the direction of saving surplus food-a prolific season like the present will not always be theirs ; and it is out of their plenty that they should make provision for a time of scarcity. Mr. G. H, Greene, M.P., giving evid ence before the Public Works Committee the other day, said that the farmers in the Grenfell District who worked on the share system had thriven better in every way than the same class of men would have done on their own holdings. The share system had been a huge success. He him seff and those of his friends working on this system had new more applications for land than they could satisfy, and men who came to him five years ago without a farthing were now almost in a position to buy their own holdings. The Hawkesbury Agricultural College farm and orchard were never, probably, seen to such advantage as the present time, when the crops are in the best of order, the trees loaded with fruit, and the vines borne down by a luscious harvest. Great improvements are being effected on all sides by Mr. Valder, and the students, both old hands and new-comers are working with the utmost zeal. The loss sustained by the recent lamentable death of the orchardist, Mr. Waters, will be keenly felt-for Mr. Waters was a most efficient and painstaking officer ; and it is to be earnestly hoped that his successor will possess at least most of those good qualities which made the deceased gentle man such a general favourite with both students and the general public. Speaking at Gosford last week, Mr. H. C. Wheeler, M.P., referred to the Vege tation Disease Bill introduced by the present Government, but whilst he ap proved of the spirit of the measure, he considered it did not go far enough. It gave the Minister power to prevent infected plants and trees being imported from abroad, b"t no provision was made to prevent the removal of diseased trees in the colony from one locality to another, or for dealing witb abandoned orchards, which were the home of pests and a scourge to industrious orchardists. If s bill with these provisions had been ir force years ago the fruitgrowers of thii district would not now have to contenc l¿ with that dread plague the San Jose scale lr which, he learnt with regret; had. beer 