Gibe (Siplislin) b brc s. MO1NDI)AY, JANUARY .1, 189. THE AgriRtilturAl Derpartm?int lim ln i ,, very nincl in tvidenico during thi p|tl ilt lcltll, Ibt illlthough thlere tils l elr n molit libtei.l ouxpentlitlre of talk, lgi Intiton, and nllollny, vlry liltle IhII bliriI doiiin for lth piodillciln inlldsUiry. 'lihI littler export trani wal? silnatl I I'fIoren the i nllnt wis grirnteil, autl the in st sIcesliil export! rs ,stnnlilih'll tilir ihtsiinesa witolli t it? nil[. Tle itlia iliie to littler rfictorici ail :I little i,,nie god to tihe fIall?otr i, lut (li tw(li in, st ilmiiorllitnt fiacteor in eitablishing th; (rnIle wire tli fciilitlii given bIy lhe nIllil itea?' eII r coiiIallnies , niiil tlh rail. way lep rltllent. Tile Mlinisler claimni credit for having male IIlteir toemis witil tihe nhillill g coiolillii'e tlih n 'lll vaIt inllivilnioli coulllu, ut ho Ih i lin taInki, for thll ilner lisitory, of tlih ni'gitiationllli l w thal t (110 cll lliiinoliei were iilietruil to mainlie thi Iiline cln repi<ioin to prilato shippers. Iniled, lthe fct of the (liivelrniiiLiet lieing tlie contractor, Ilel tlho compaita is Ii to ry ilanlll of lbringilng priessiurl oin tl (oivernment tio pai:iy n higher rate, wlichl wooll nIever lhae bleei attel n licpt.l illh private tigiltilionsJ. Th'e itiluI oni chalilanlll ill n ariliili his been , rllll ,imo - thi f of nl io l wligood tevr, niilhrli h:i tlito iiclIh ii'ragIrapheild (iI|riImil tiiii'l imlhildies for Oil sced mll fibre ctlltia liiIn crlleatedl Jiny ipe mn111nl in ll h illtiy Tho sug?ir linet rilutitry hluai a ,riii. ingi fliture, miIainly, lnect<o iliai 10t1il0 of lil Slie l nasilstance tws arririgl hi practical i?nn, nfttr tlie Agriclltur.ll Depanrltmeniit hail laile i?> Iilngl. of it. Th't fict is thatl nol Minister of Agri cultilur in Auslirlin, or niiy of hli nifilrior oflicors, havo over otildioll tie relations, which thily aro iintenll,,l Ill ninintain, At. riSlt s t.wl>), tile (tii eniii Prnicli ngronoiiost, writilng on flit isyle iti Yll ny-" A Ministry of Agri cillit?rn olght lo havo for its e?tiitial nli fiilnii?iaenltal principln iever llt rln counliter ti) pliviiIa or collective ilnilil tive. Far from thaint, till its i,;,rit4 Ollhlt il It nlI to awakenii tilie liiit If i n(llti1 a e nl titlneiilpere nl t iotilli.te ani developritip iialiolgst tle agricilluirit-ti I(lhemnlilvie." 'llo clhief Ria1 of the Victorialn d(Ipnitlmiit niappear it hIe ti IIprlint privall iiiilivlitils or cinipaniii' from taking tlh? intitliaive. I. Tisi;r IIAUD ranks foremost aoiilnt ll 'Liven 11llon nhit to ngrieiiirtru, (leinit Clnr:lTe ltenlt of Agricillturral sociieite, if (lhiil horl of riril ilin u lll ie", nl il uiiciialiin. i for stock insutranc, tlii piirIlihI (Iof II clllhilllery, al. ii n ny oilit r )lur|i?.,r anitlnile for c-ol.ortion. Agriitihiiiil secictirs Ie00e11 llo ilo pcinlly dli.lked Iy tIl illiepirtilint, anid notlhiln is idoIn lai 'nclrling tloitil to Oxtendil thlir splihre if rnoil'hiincs. Iln Frrni It li nfii of I iir'ill t lii Pc li r to Owii r dliu rilc. iill ilTffr Oiitf(o.ih|inm no In (ih \tlri iin eliiCi iThlr antgel to tilthe Wihy lill whii. ploduiclion cai lie bost Asqirted anil iini provled Theo esltAblislllllntl of clPaws ill illh T iechnoloical schiool for 5lnj'4cl1 nlp' itilly llll tilcd to faritior i nlalin it colirigiI' l iI sl l i ll lis nild iri;rx ?. I'li viii idiii lilinils ire altl compiill i hreil' Iy grnilts if Ilhy estabbll.h etx Iriv.iienIill iliti oin their fnrniim. I'li f whiolo niul of 6I0 IFTrlel nagricultnrl dli|i?tiln>nt ik to niidil0o every inividll?nl fnirrmr li to.l liii his eiterr lis in lo tlm e Istl ).' daplthd to t li t cillcmnslilce. It i w lii nio nir (li k to persniiilnl the lilvl i fli i fil r iat ' ,I nl linle n li ir'I 'i l i I ii that thereo weri beter 1 e llrr n Ii i'"ll''"i' ?Ir wM.is f I culti ltion in tll lt S0 i'lh hI. hl: bi,,,i l iiui lt I , hit flI, .hl r, 11:1' Im i'. 11: ,1 (lirt, i1., 11(,1 t n iin i ,i hill IIr .ti l.%1 It loo1k 1 'a,,I of poi1rt :i t il ProI n h agritil ture. IfL <.?.l ,, \ in?v ,f lhh. i ii i arf,' i Oiir' in. i t1 1 V ii l , Miill ,i n i ly 11 tV Iik llu ' 4, 1tvhil 1hr 11, y1i r. t olvab p r I" , 1,1. i l1 ill dI i ltii ii 'll l nt 1' " "I , i .ii .i , n li ii if ii i nilllllliil ui'iiit l.\ l Ip i , 1 f,,, m,,i r ?|i ,,tl |.l.lifii u lrt iii l ii ig If i.1iro, iv' . Cy oin i iulli , 0 i - if Vil llt uiit liii n llt *it i 'l r fin , ii b i l.l,,r ) ifI f ,,r "il 110 1.,h,1 I gu. bljj:l!,, hy (ltonl %1il,,r, n 11I if hI w.ll , Ito N vll n tlil, ilor ' " f r a ': I , , i t i s a l l l l t i m p ol l i b lh I 11rr'11ig, I -r 1i fair ovXCl l e Q.,f 1:al td unce a road. Land clearing is terribly cit V and a slow ondertakingin heavily icritedl country, unless the indivitdnal ,.oers co-operate to assist each other. Water conservation is another necessary cia?a rement always postponed on ac ult of its expense. The Govetnment o:',j elfect mote real good by assisting 'na associations of farmets to provide ojg, cr aqueducts for their own use, tln by encoraging the formation of -:ious trusts to undertake schemes , t for the requirements of the i?,;a district. Instead of snubbing ,i a.s,:c.i.a ns of practical men, and i-tar, Rac.to those who possess politi i it nlence, the Minister of Agrienl uI. ~,uld do better to follow the advice i3 I. TtssEnRt', who saya "the Minis .r 1:t to listen to the wishes of such a;etont , follow their discussions, s, cout of their needs, and prepare i ::'l regulations calculated to foster t it actiity !" To sum up, M. TIoSE Fru- d?clares'that a Department of ltri.ulture ought to know everything, everythinu, and hear everything. I the Minister can appreciate the r.. o ,f the country, and understand reforms and improvements to be \, ?I: il' oudr arrangements for a report : :. illng races, but it has not come to .i time for t' is issue. T ( i:;ve was fully loaded for the New y,..r- DLa" trip to the Lakes,Entrane, and svsp was a eery pleasant one, the oca:tcr king pleasant for a day on the ,, i. The return trip was made in excel :" time, the boat reaching Sale .before 10 oThk. The Omeo also took over 100 ex a,,nists to the Entrance yesterday. The lanks will be closed to-day and re. l?, to -?orrow. Y itenlay whilst 31r M1. Killeen's buggy wa cat the Catholic Church, a whip was tktn frot it, and Mr Killeen warns the Soner to return it at once to save further aztiet. - T!he 'lerahld" says that 35 deaths directly attributable to the heat were repor tei ?t week. In addition to these there arc numbers of cases that hare not been re. potcal. The revenue returns for the first six .monthsa of the financialyear 1807-S8 show an incwase of £140,9332 o'er the returns for the am.e period of the previous year. Tue Minister of Public Works and Mr ih iton are now in East Gippsland combin ir I, uiness with pleasure. They are ex pstei labck on Wednesday. At at Goulhurn (N.S.W.) the grass h.pprs are ousing great havoc in the aaltens. In some places there are piles of dad insects two feet deep. A ranch of the A.N.A. is to be formed at Traranion. MIrs 3. Botwdlen, an old Gippsland resi delo. and a colonist of sixty years, died on Christma; day at Wonwmrn. Sa!e w'as enveloped in smoke on Friday rteniin. and for a time it was feared that ,il?n"aac Park or some of the neighbouring e-tats waere on fire. The smoke, howeer, a!ppars to have been brought from some of t?a; ue-h res which hadul been burning dur il the week down South, by the strong I:lzc which sprang up towards six o'clock 1re are sorry to lean of the death of .icunted Constable J. Curtain, who was r ot:oe years stationed at Sale, and left on ::ng married. He leaves a widow and . dild to mourn his loss. In IS97 the butter exported amounted to il3.;.0. 1' lbs against 16,543,224 in 1896. TreeL as s a big increase in the export of ':. tamely 14,430 dozen for 18T7and only lit adzen for 1S06. )1h IV. L Davies notifies that customers ?,n secure all their requirements for fur iriin' at his establishment in York-street at ti:e crry lowest prices. The stock is i.a c t direct from the manufacturers or 'ti- al and will be found quite up todate. S-?iv lurticulars are given in the adcer ::-tn.ont in to-day's Times. Te l;iras.edale Hospital is to receive £50 aa 'um of £2,000 left in trust by tne c:: Sir 'illiam Clarke. Ti:e Re. W. Allen met with a cerynasty a..:L it at Maffra yesterdlayafternoon. At :. ?aclusion of the service which the rev S:ntl;kaon was holding in the Weeleyan a.?r .h he proceeded to get into his buggy :in; the winkers fell off the horse, which :: i ite knocking Mr Allen down. The 1.a y went over his legend hand. Several l",'. in his right hand were broken, and ti lg severely bruised. Two lady .-pants of the buggy were thrownotand it a- lnot vet known whether they are very :'melt hurt. A picnic party driving a four in hand had ae try narrow escape from aserions accident l.·ar the Ilotacieal gardens on New Year's Day. They were going at agood pae when ia turning a corner the leaders swerving :"cud and ran the conaeyance into a fence. Lackily there was very little damage done andt it was not long before anotherstart was A serious accident happened to a boy L.mned Clarke whilst riding at the Glen ,a mae races on New Year's Day. The .Lrt- e was on ran against a tree and lihe a, thrown head formeost against the tree. sle was brought into the Gippoland ospital uhire he now lies in a critical condition. On inaauiry yesterday we ascertained that !.. :as still insensible. \ aery noel ~specimen of quarlz contain r:' gold was brought into Walhalla on '1 .La:hy (rays the "Chronicle") from the , L c?lh Fyne mine at .Matlock. It con '."- al a huge slab of stone, the upper side 'cila: a ,ssof crystals, amongO t Ite cre i a..f whaich numerous lumps of goll, :..iy of them bigger than peas, are scat :,.l. The gold has the acppearance of ha !: " een dropped in indiscriminately like co .a?y mlten pellets. Tie Losg Tunnel Company will clea. a p fr the month on Thursdayl next. Owin, t thie various stoppages which lnhave bltn \- a:ioneld hy the Christmas hIolidalnys andl sr the New Year, it is nlot likely that the l?,ra woill be as large as that recordedCi at the b~ginning of the past mionthl. 11,w :aer, ererv effort has bee'n inale to keep the littery going as long as possible, ao that haireloldters (says the "CChroticle" ) nitt taot ho disappointed witl the outcume. laaare capecially as the quantity of attcr availahle for crushing purposes is aerya lith itel. The "Australian Journal" for January is to hand. Tbhe regulatiom under which the I ;overn iiLent rantt of £3,500 to agricnltural ,taie ties will be distributed, are publiaheal iin tle "Gazette." Tiurltay was the hotteet day of t'he year iS 1lelbourne, 107 in the s a nl. The railway department haint: ntc ?al Ithe tenlerof C. H. DawJson, for the ar, t,, a ,r f a02t (tO galln tlank at Tt.trala'ras t21't la Aning li. applicants fr the pa,-iaiais ',' t re',idlent medical oticere duirnci 1t'a, at Thie Sylney Hospital were thrce Il:i,t'. t,' s oial I ad graduatced arl t thle S ale Dia, Uld rrsityt as 51.11. and Ch... Aft:: ee h. ai- ion, liowteer, during wthi, hi refeo,.aa'attas tale to thie succe-sful work dae Iby t .oly d'er.ts in th- MIelbourne Holopial, the :·. ptintinent~ were gir?e to lal, mlttbrs ofe tat Iarafeciton. The tender of A. R. Anlerson, £44 13s, has been accepted for repairs to Rosedale police tai tl. The noon i.rcher. no,,eties tuclled "tla'1 tchetr." whrecentl a-hi iated31r \Vil-I lihl a Tc ni-. , the ftmus llacr. out<idt the hRbyal Adolphi Theatre, in the Strand. L,, don. i, c ntin, I in Hdll,,way 'riamn await. lug trial. Archer ha] Leen tmeking a number of wild statement-, and alleges that the Holloway oithcias hat1e dr(gged him. It has transpirel that a theatrical manager at Newcastle-on.T ine, by whol Archer, who is an actor, had beeneagaged, had reason to discharge him. On that occasion Archer declared his enmity against Mr Terress, and exclaimed dramatically, "I will make the world ring with my madness!" The "Age" says:--In our last report we referred to the registration of the Matra Beet Sugar Company. We hare now to record that the company has been very , Rcti ein n its operations during the mast year. A splendid brick mill, 33feet by 60 feet, fit e stories high, has been erected. Machinery, withlatestimprovementsap todate, pplided by the Brunswick Company, arriied in October, and is being fixed up as rapidly as possible, and is expected to be completed by end of February. The mill is capable of treating 400 tons beets in 24 hournes. The weekly output of sugar is anticipated at 2-50 teons; 1700 acres of rich land has been sou-n with finest German and French seed, and are under the supervision of an expert agriculturist. The early?sown crops look remarkable well, bt the late sowings sill not yield nup to expectations. Reduced esti. mates git the crop for the first eampaign at 3000 to 3500 tons of finest white sugar, besides a large quantity of by-products. Sugar making is likley. to begin about the middle of March. The growing season up to the present is all t:at could be desired, and the new venture is of a promising char- I acter. This being the first inqmortnt start in beet growing in Australia, results are looked forward to with much interest, andil if is suaccessful no doubt we will see other 1 factories erected in the near future. There is ample market capacity for three or four s factories of the Maffra size. The asacharine tests made this month are highlysatisfactory, 3Je moisture will soon lie required. Throughout Victoria har esting work haso become general during the last week. Re ports from the North and North-east are decidedly fa'orable, but westwards, across the Loddon, cery little more than seed is, it is stated, in most cases being obtained. Wheat from the latter districts has been freely offered during the past week -in fact rather too freely to keep a steady market as millers, when they hare obtained suficient to meet their requirements for a month, can afford to keep off the market, and thereby cause a fall in wheat prices. Growers should be careful in the manner inI which they forward their grain to town, i trying if possible, to avoid a dull market d The bulk of the wheat from the North. western districts is distinctly smutty, the t presence of smut balls militating against its t ready sale, whilst the pre:aenee also of t Iunt is another unfavourablo characteristic o of this season's wheat. It appears that I when high prices were offering for northern a wheat, temperate district samples, on all i appearances fit for seed, were obtainable at a large concessions. Growers hi the north s parted with their wheat and had to buy in i seed from the southern districts, where i these fungoid diseases are very prevalent. a Again farmers made a great rush this season to put in as nmch wisheat as possible, and a the usual careful bluestone or hot water I treatments, which are preventiives of these o pests, were not carried out, with the result I that the wheat obtained is worth from 1. to to2d per bushel below prime. Recently Mr Tysson, of Tarago, realised an average of Olb of butter per week I front 14 cows, one of which was a heifer. I The Messrs C. and A. M'Callum, almost I neighbors of Mr Tyssen, says the "Gipps- f land Express," are running the lattergentle- I man pretty close. They ha:ebeensdairying r for two years, adopting the same means of t testing their cows for results as employed t by Mr Tyssen, and hare now a herd of ( cows, but semen of the milkers are heifers The aierage yield per cow last month was Slb foz of butter per week. As showing the t Snale of the Blaboeck tester, it may be stated , that Messrs M'Callum had an exceptionally ; good looking heifer, which competent I Judges unhesitatingly pronounced to be a r splendid dairy beast. On being tested she only gate about 41b of butter per week, r and she is now being fattened for the i butcher. If all our dairy farmers would carefully test their cows the result would probably surprise them. It is not only in Gippsland that farmers find difficulty in getting labourers at reason able wages, but the same difficulty is met with all over the colony. A good sign in its waybutnotverypleasant forthefarmers. At Lancefield, where the crops have been first class, farmers who use the old reaping machines have experienced great diliclty" in getting men, and boys have been em ployed at men's wages. One of the many inane yarms re Ranji (says the "Bulletin") credits that nnthroned alleged highness with haiing undertaken to give £50 to the "Aunstralian charities" tilhe first time he was cleaned bowled in this eountry. Ranji has no £50 notes to fling around, anyway. HIe's not even a prince when hie gets to India, and hie has no revenue whatever "on his own." Ranji now is only a brown Pretender in sery modest cireumstancesee, and he doesn't even pretend to the throne in a ery acnetive way. Also, it is hardly large enough to be called a throne. On Wednulday at Sydney (says tile "Age") there was launched from tile ship building yard of Duni Bros., Berry Blay. Sdneyo, a new steamer built t tile ordler of Sfr J. Fraser fi r Ii nla r ie w'r 1 card. tr'tTic on thile ipprladlt Laker and the Snyo" P-iver. The n O; to -e ] i c lstruct idthe t - it o l nia har ,w , l, a l i uilt ?n lin'l lin l-. 1! ., inelC ,,I O s. : - L IIIgt h, (7 feet : l vll;', h i; mV*', ill the Ill y llll t frolll ]inl. ]. A- thil e v.Iii-. l taC leat in tihe is i po,!t1l - t I, 10..n 1 knot, i , - III-'t ,, l l icettt.i T ie i I-IenCla Id tm ' nun l ; nt in l ita lC h i . i,,:i, ,,, t Ill, d putatill f cattlei 0l11a ii C . l l T ie , , i li ndiei r w, " I "ll 1 -iy n "I th le C Cil l llC illiaU i o - It, 1ing 1 Ni-l- ,,'- 11.t,011 l. Ii 1f , a u-tij e 1, the 0.,re, i' steady at!- to a i 3d far otie Idai/,r~ taret~aia?.lll,..l |t q?l'so wheat, some associated millers buying at what price they think fit, and not keeping to tCe resolutionl. In the Ri erina some fr husinujs ia lieen doie on Adelaide ac llount, where ls Sd to 4Is hi is quoted, and, naturally, Ii\'erina growers li e not lhown nluch ldeire to sell at equi alent to Sylnes rates. The ainonlt of bllusiness do' ing in Adelaide is limited, the demand for breadtiutia hcing quiet. Yields obtained there are rather patchy, yet better than expected, and as far as at present can be seen local supplies will be able to meet fully all the demand for consmuptiou. In view of the Lauds Settlement pro posals of the Victorian Government it is interesting to learn that the Lands for Settlement Act Extension Bill of New Zealand has passed the House of Represen tati es. Thismeasurecontinuesantd amends the legislation by w,,ich the Government is emtpowered to purchase land for closer settlement and the Minister of Lands is em powered by it to expend £500,000 a year for the purpose. The bill was amended in committee somewhat, but it still contains a clause by which land can be taken from farms of over 100 acres, allowing the owner to keep only 25 acres. Mr .''Kenzie de elared that if an amendment proposed, by wI ich the settlers would be entitled to ac quire the freehold, with safeguards against dunmnyism, was carried he would abandon the bill. He regardedl the prpesal as the thin edge of the weslge to ruin the system. The grass throughout the district is long ant very dry, so that there is coutiunnl danger of bushfires. The "Courier" says that several fires lhae occurred in the direc tion of Meerliet and Bengworden, which were extinguished with some difficulty. Travellers and others should exercise the greatest care in lighting fires or drop ping matches, as the flames spreadinthedry grass and vegetation with almost incredible rapidity, and immense danmge may be done in destroying not only grass, but fences, buildings, wattle plantations and other property. A heavy fine may be iuflicted on anyone carelessly igniting the grass. Sugar beet groning in Great Britain sub mits an experiment of an interesting nature just, concluded ,by an Essex farmer. Hav ing received beetseeds (German and French), from the secretary- of the Greenock Beet root Sutgar Association, he planted them in a field alongside mangel warzel (which lihe raises for feeding purposes), gi, ing them the same treatment in every respect. "A sample of the roots, which hare now matured, was exhibited in the Sugar Exn. change a few days ago," writes the "Glans. gow Iferald," 15th No ember, "and the roots were much admireda by the refiners and dealers for their size and quality. After wards they were put to the usual analytical tests by Messrs 31'Cowan and Biggart, Greenock, who have certified the saccharine in the roots grown from the German seed to be 14.01 per cent. This compares most faoanrably with the analysis of this year's German crop, 13907 per cent, and this is looked upon as a record crop Considering that the Essex crop weighs over 16 tons per acre, at a cost of £7 10s, including manures, labour and rent, against an average of 13 tons for Germany, it would appear that, givett.eBritishfarmer a fair field, and he would be able to compete successfully with the best beet growing countryin the world, viz., Germany. When it is considered that the quantity of bounty ted beet sugar consumed in this country is equal to at least 8,000,000 tons of roots per annam, it need not be wondered that our British farmers are itching after a share of what would effectually banish their old enemy, agricultural depression, from their door. TheLondon Correspondentof the "Argus" writing in reference to Australia produce in England on Norember 26.says:-This has been a weak of quiet, steady business in the butter market, and colonial has been selling fairlo well at unchanged prices, namely, 100s to O11s for choicest, and Ils to 03s. I hear of an occasional sale of a few boxes of exeeeptionally choice brands at 106s, but this figure isonlyveryrarelyobtained. The Orient, which arri' ed on Tuesday, has landed her butter in excellent condition, and so far this season all the steamers hIa.e carried their butter very well, and no complaints are heard. The Copenhagen committee seem determined to force up the price of Danish butter, for they hase raised their official quotation by 2 kroner, making o6 to 100\. This brings the London valie up to about ll'2 to ll8s; but it remains to be seen if London buyers will gi e this price. 