DREADFUL FIRE IN THE BEECH FOREST. APOLLO BAY TOWNSHIP IN RUINS. A RESIDENT BURNT TO DEATH, SCORES OF PEOPLE HOMELESS. COLAC, Friday. A terrific fire has passed over the Beech Forest, clearing almost everything before it, and effecting the greatest devastation within its precincts ever inflicted by such a visitation. The seat of the fire was the Gellibrand River country. The creamery out houses were burnt, and only with ex treme difficulty was the creamery itself saved. From O'Brien's Hill to near Cape Otway the country has been swept by flames. Heavy losses resulted to selectors. Messrs. J. H. and G. Congran and Harri son have lost 400 acres of grass. Mr. Bald win had the whole of his grass, fencing, a fine orchard, out houses, dray and potatoes destroyed. Mr. D. Melligan's house, grass and several head of cattle were burned. Mr. Dcvitt's grass and out sheds were con sumed, and M'Donald's bouse only was saved after most strenuous exertions. A tree which fell opposite to the building pinned a cow to the ground, and crushed it to death. The fire passed through Ditclilcy Park, and Mr. Gardener suffered considerably, losing the whole of his fencing and grass, the Beech Forest racecourse grand stand, booth and buildings were consumed, as well as the slaughter yard, near the hotel. The latter hostelry caught fire several times. Messrs. Birrer, Hayes, Cowen, Thomson, G. Deppler and Matthews have hat! all their grass and fencing destroyed. Mrs. Sayers lost everything, and she and her children had to take to the river for safety, after being pluckily rescued from the flames by Mr. Birrer. Her children were very hadl'v burned. Mr. Webb lost 50 fruit trees 8 ld, besides his grass; .and Messrs. Hall Bros., Flannigau'and Farrell fared sim ilarly. The scene, and the dangers and hardships that were encountered, will be long remem bered by those who witnessed it. Unless something is done for the selec tors, many will now have to clear out. It is hoped, therefore, the Government will render them some assistance. A disastrous fire occurred at Apollo Bay on Tuesday, the town being in immineiit danger of destruction. Costin's and Gos- ney s hotels only were saved by great ef forts. Messrs. Marriner, Mcthven, Mur ray, Fricke, Cross, Armstrong, Bulloti, Per kins, James, Kendall, Inkster and Evans all lost their homes. Four untenanted houses, belonging to Messrs. C. Morris, L. Martin, W. Lowry and the trustees of the late Air. Davies, were destroyed- Five of Mr. James's cattle were roasted in a heap. Mr. Methven was burned to death, and Mr. W. Telford had half of his ear cut off by a sheet of iron. It Avas a terrible experience. The houses that arc left were only saved by the most trying exertionfe. BARRAMUNGA, Friday. There have been 6ome great fires in the forest here, which Itave done the selectors a deal of good in clearing their land. . One, however, was of a disastrous character, devastating that portion of Barramunga from the Junction to Mulgrew's selection. There were 15 houses in the line of fire, and four were reduced to ashes, namely, iho6e of Messrs. Croft, C. Simmons, sen., Koran and C. H. Simmons. The contest with the flames was terrible. Children were burnt about- the arms while standing, hy the sides of their mothers. One man had to be carried back from the fight uncon scious. A young lady went off in a faint, and for an hour was the picture of death. The children at the school had to he kept until 7 in the evening, cut off from their homes by a roaring sea of fire. About a week ago D. M'Rac lost, his all, Mr. W. Asplin's house was consumed, and two other houses untenanted at the time were burnt up likewise. Miles of fencing have been destroyed. Grass is almost an unknown thing. COBDEX, Fridav. Owing to the change in the weather yesterdav, the wind blowing from the smith, the fire at Jah- court Estate was extinguished. Over 1000 acres of snlendid grass and miles of fencing were con sumed. MacKinnon Bros, estimate that fully £1800 will have to be spent in order to rebuild the fences destroyed on their properties between Cobden ami Terang. FOSTER, Friday. A telegram has been received from Mr. F. C. Mason, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, ex pressing his sympathy with the sufferers hy the fires, and asking to be advised fully of their neces sities. The country around the Fish Creek railway sta tion is all on fire. Steady rain, however,' has started to fall, and the people of the district are jubilant. NEERIM SOUTH, Friday. The fire from Mount's made a sudden descent on Fuhrmann's mill on Wednesday. The men were at. their dinner. Owing to the dense smoke, the fire burst through the scrub close to the mill he- fore it was seen, and a hard battle had to be fought to save the plant. All the things were re moved from the stable, which was onlv wived through being lately built of green timber. Xcnrlv all the mill tramway has been destroyed, including a bridge over a creek. The bullock team was sur rounded by flnmcs, and the driver had to aban don the jinkcr and take the bullocks to a place of safety. At Neerini East the fires were very bad, and Messrs. B. Atchcson and M'Kernun's places had narrow escapes. Mr. Kendall's farm was also in great danger. Down the line the sparks were falling all day on the roofs of the gate houses, and a constant watch had to be kept/ rOOWONG, Friday. All danger from fire is now over here, as there is little or no big timber standing, and all the stumps near the township have burnt out. The butter factory employes are working less than half time. Sheep and cattle arc still being despatched to other districts in search of food; and some owners are purchasing stacks of hay to keep going until rain comes. . Local residents are highly gra tified at the ready response made by the Mel bourne public to the qall for wearing apparel. Large parcels of clothing have passed through here on the way to North Poowong, where the -damage was greatest. The Athenaum building and con tents, which were destroyed by the fires, wore fortunately insured, the hall, books and care taker's cottage for £150, and the piano for £50. Sufferers arc being expeditiously dealt with by the insurance compunics affected by the fires here. TOORA, Friday. The parishes of Toora, Woorarru, Welshpool and Brymwarn have suffered another terrible visita tion, and the few homesteads left untouched by previous fires were either totally or partially burnt out on Tuesday, the 8th inst. Messrs. M'Innes, Jackson, W. Ross, Dickens; Attly and G. Rcddick were reduced to destitution. Messrs. W. Rcddick, P. Nelson, R. Brown, John Middle- ton, J. H.f Wirling and H» Dowham lost nearly everything but their dwelling houses. Most o! these are worthy of consideration in distributing the Mayor's fund, and also for the Government grass seed supplies. UPPER BEACONSFIFXD. Friday. Fires are still raging in this Gembrook district. Mr. J. Sykes, who lost his outbuildings and hay stack some few days since, has had another visi tation, which has completely gutted his house. The property owned by Mr. W. Brisbane auc- tioneer, and is insured for £300. This property is not a portion of Mr. Sykes's hotel. WARRAGUL, Friday. During , the strong wind which blew front the eastward yesterday afternoon a fire which had been comparatively dormant for several days hroKe out again on Cr. Irwin's property at Bloomficld. It travelled with great rapidity through the par ched undergrowth, and swept down upon the home stead of Mr. Siratton. By the united efforts of neighbors the fire was arrested in time. 