FOURTH TEST. CRICKET GIANTS M COMBAT ACAItl. \- I 'EHCLAND V. AUSTRALIA. ANOTHER HOT DAY. BUSH-FIRE SMOKE. AUSTRALIA'S INNINGS CLOSED BEFORE LUNCH. & ALL OUT FOR 323. ; ENGLISHMEN BATTING. . ONE WICKET FOR 14. What about the Australians now?" tats the cry on Saturday cvcnlnp. nn tin? d-xalLs of the match. publhdH-fi In the last edition of "The Herald" wim? wikat- Jy tvsnL It w:lh th»? ivhoimri frhm th'.; BtanmtR purprisv c.-iiwod by the unpre cedented failure oC six of Auntm-BaM champion Inusmcn. After that H wis not 1m- wondered at that Hill's tntpcrb jnnlriK.% and Liu? sturdy play of Trumble ami Kelly caused the pendulum of popular excitement to m. to the oilier extreme. In the cnthuslnam of the moment tin-re were those who fullv Li?- Jlovod the match was alrwuly as poml as won by tho Australians, mid, of murm?. the nibbtrr with It. l.tu;, n» a Scotchman would say. "bide a woe," or a homely iKroilhhnr.in inlhl obticrvc, "never count. your chickens till they are hatciuvf." Stotid.iK and his men havr? yet to be asked what their njilv is. They form il WTNKlcrfully simjiik batting train, and on a rouG pitch they should In- worth -100 at least. Will .the Au.-tra- llotm make that many In their llrst In- hIukh? l a-fore phiy commence to-ri?iy the r»nsQ»l-> answer Is "certainly no:." (liven another stund to-day, and some of the Kmrlishinen will no In «» bat al ready fairly well exhausted. It Is no child's play bowling and fh-kiinn to viperous batsmen oil such u day us this. Mr Ihinicehl promised "something cooler" for to-day. Well pi-rhnps It 'In, hut (me hardly seems to realise tlx; fact on the Melbourne CrlckcL Ground. There is no breeze worth speaklm? of at llto time of writing:, and the atmosphere Is hazy and yellow with ihu smoko of these terrible hush' llrup. The very thoui;ht of what It would he if that itnoke dkl not lulto soin<? of, the sting »ut of the rays of the sun is something to melt over. Languishing MellKUirno pants for the rain so tuutallslngly dangled before lis citizens yesterday. Kvcn a cool breeze from tin? briny with out the rain would lie UuiiiUfnUy gulped down. . The IOiutUsh cricketers would prnbahly jircfcr thu breeze wJlhouL the rain. Such was. the state of the wquLher up to a little while before noon, the hour fixed for the resumption of (day. Then u light soiith-westorly brerzu caine up. Under norma! conditions Ibis would have reduced the temperature by a good many degrees, but the conditions to-day were ubnonnnl. At. any rati- liio south westerly breeze, generally a cool one In .Melbourne, was quite warm. It brought up. also, denser volumes of stilnke than ever, and these two facts suggested that there must he enormous hush II res In the Tape Oiway forc.-Jls. On the Melbourne ground, occupying as II does a low-lying pnsllliui, the breeze was little appre ciated. It was only fell to a trilling cxh nl. except, perhaps, In the higher Hers of the grand stand, which are ad mirably placed for catching cool breezes la summer and locale ones In winter. The ?moke. however, was ns thick as any- wb'-r.-. Looking across the ground, the sp.'clators on the -other side wen- seen through a thieic naze, ami trie trees out- ride the reserve1 loomed up aa through a fog. To-day Is no holhlny. yd even by 12 o'clock there was an attendance on the ground that would have natlsih-d the Victorian Cricket Association for some Intercolonial matches. Then? was every promise of a very large assemblage In the nfterno in. Of course, the very open State of 'th.' game, when proceedings closed f,„- the day on Saturday, had mused very gmU Interest to be fell la 'the Qn:d n.-fiuH, ami many who h;ul been deterred from being pivsent on Satur day, either by the heal, or the failure or tin? Australians In Hie early part of the Innings, strained a point lu get to the giound to-day, In the hop.; of seeing, at least, some part of Hill's innings, which Is certain to be memorable in the annals of cricket. CL22M IIII.L, Hero of the Innings. 