A PLAGUE OF BUSHFIRES. A DEVASTATED PROVINCE. DEEDS OF HEROISM. SETTLERS FLYING FOR LIFE THRILLING NARRATIVES. KORUMBURRA, Thursday, Feb. 3. (BY THE ARGUS.) The damage done in South Gippsland cannot easily be estimated, and absolutely the only gratifying feature in that the pluck of the people still stands the strain. here in Kor[?]burra with,fires' raging allround, andUia town colored witii a manita'of feinokoL which is :hlrac&t.; suf focating, tile cxtont ''o£ tlio ,di8tiv2g8 may bo approximately gauged. \Vh|!o 'fii»men ■..arc. standing by ready tb ; n.so for the; tion of the town,'itself the,:all-i nadequata appliances, the kind- liGurtcd pcoplo m'o housing ana feeding' scorcsT of families whoso, only property in Uie world, afto'r years- of .battling witli the virgin forcst- iVnro a fowroniriahts of-clothing, Thesoscttlcrsaro heroes, -and tbo more that; is soon ; ,of thenir the more must their heroism, be _ ■ appreciated. .Ruined in a day, m'oro- f banbalf.(.bllhdc.di v ‘ thord is yet not ono who , get back on his fire-blastodland ami com mence again tbo struggle -for;' A- living, which, with younger, but apparently- -with not stouter,, heafrte .they" .‘began- 'years, ,rigo. In tbo face of a'Rational misfortune each, buries his own iroublo, -. dirfplays moat anxiety about sprao'.'friwads.of ; VVh6iu~iyo nows has vet beon'hcardi; condition, lib 'Mb's,/* HaVo you|pt.tlib paper ? Roes ‘ Tbo'Argus'’ gi vo> any • detniIspf Ro6 woilg and JoethoPJs poor-oldNicli61as\nglit?'’WoplQ who walk Ihepaved strbotej br rido in the tniriis or trains of Melhourno, oanuot, apprcciato tho terrible calamity wluoh ; , |ihs. : .:'befalloh Srovineo. They cannpt uhdoratpnd tlmt hero, undreds of bravo men arid women have curved homesteads and stock runs outof great fdiosts, In which .the trees tewoc-ap.thafc.tho neck has to be strained , to soo. their. tops. They eannbt understand that for their' beef and,‘their butter, easily procurable' at any - nainbor bf . butchers’ and dairymen's shops, tbesa " rorigh-lobking heroes, with deop-wnriklcd'brbws, and, rough corned hands, have liad ; . for years. Tb'apprcbiate theTf ajid understand the position qf‘ih&sepcOpla;, ono litis to tide .over, tho hills, through tlipir vnllovs, and seo their,giant trees.'-' At-rpresbnt, within a radius of many mileSjdonab.Hihokolimitfi the view, and falling giants of tlio foroab mako in spection a work of great- difficulty /arid danger. There arothoso who;say that’thbielbanng which nature has herself undoctrikonwi 11b&invaluablfe.; To the country at largo, doubtless; it-will mean much, and it would mean moro i f no.* stoeb and n 6 homesteads had bcon dcstroycd. But to those who suddenly find, thorn solves at'.tlio'ngo of 60, 60 or 70 years sot worse than Ihoy com menced 20 years ago, th'om isnothihg in the fire but tho direstmisforluno. . , - The undertaking of a husband to stand by bis wife, whatever happens, is-innV sort a, mean ingless phraso'in the Gippslahd bush. .Oat'at Allambeo, on the -ill-fafca MbDonald’s Track, were a settlor namcdM'Rae -and his wife; The fire struck their place at midday on Tuesday,' and tho whole household, children included; did all that was possible to avbrt disaster, but the time came when the wife was exhausted; Then she and her children were-laid upon, the ground and covered up with wetblankctsrM'Rae ondhis eon from that moment divided'their, attention between tlio homestead -and family. The- heat was so groat that nearly all the available water was used up keeping' wet the blanketswhich were over Mrs. MRao and her children. Moan time the lire had eaten through’ an orchard, leaving charred stumps .whoro ;fcuit ti’eeis .10 12 years old bad stood. It had'also cleaned but everything that * had surrounded, the home stead,, and had devoured fiJOPyrortli 'of clean grass seed; which Mr. MRab -had sold for'5<1 pet lb, and which ho. was only- wailing to de liver. .. . - ; .V - When tho fire was atlts height, and the :.wifo and ohildcoh were gaspirijg M‘Bao had to give them a bucketful which he had kept in reserve for tho bouse.- It was r nearly . boil ing, but it disappeared .as quibhlyas: if it had been refreshingly iced. - When tho, family again clamored for a drink M c Rao, wontto a crook, some tlio house. While ho was there the lire got behind him; and cuthim off from bis family. Like a-.man-.-demented, he raced up end down tlicjcrcpk, butjcouldjseo ho chance of getting through. -He at; last braved the flames, and at. the cost .of much singeing bo found , his wife and children all right, but the blankets over thorn wore smouldering, and tlio water, bo brought'a^lvcd-riot, a moment too Boon; Hod' be been delayed they must have perished. .. When tbo fleer was over M‘Itoo bad to go in to Korumburra for clothes to eov liimsblf and family. ' A ‘neighbor named McIntosh .bad a similar experience. , He had rio place*, whoro.be could stow his wife arid family In safety, so, bo took them to tlio,'selection or Mr. : Lempriere. . They baled soino.of the water out of tho well, and stood them in the balance till tho Are passed. 