FLOCK AND HERD. By BRUM. INCREASE OF CHESTNUT HORSES. " The increasing number of chestnuts wnong thoroughbred horses, British, harass borees, and, it is said, among Shire horses, b attracting much attention among breeders in many parts of the world. it was not always so I think there.» jpk evidence. In looking over the l^t of the winners of the great classic races (from 1S27 to 1850) in the "Pictorial Gallery of Eng lish Racehorses," I find that thoiigh chest mits are fairly represented, they are in a decided minority. The numbers are 13 chestnuts (many of them described as dark), 18 browns, and 25 bays. J11 ^ "Turf and the Racehorse,' P"bl}she(j- m 1866, it is estimated that the Derby had been won during the previous tturt? seven chestnuts, seven browns, and 16 bays the St. Leger, by five chestnuts, eight browns, and 17 bays; and the Oaks ma like proportion. Since the time of Stock well, the chestnuts appear to baveinereased rapidlv, and many of them are of that light chestnut colour so much disliked by horse men. Among Englishmen who are quahfied] to speak with authority on the subject| there is a consensus of opinion that the English thoroughbred has of late years ehown a decided lack of stamina as com pared with the horses of 50 years ago. Is there not some connection between this de cadence of the thoroughbred a*d tb* " creasing number of chestnuts and tlie num lev of short handicap races? The wnter of "Scraps" iu the 'Live Stock Journal mala* the following remarks on this 6"^]ec_ "Fears are being expressed ^hat the e^e advancing chestnut will in due conn*. of time overwhelm all other hues of coat. I he statement has been made that whereas horse and a mare of other colours may pro duce a chestnut, a pair of chestnuts ne\er beget offspring other , than their ow colour." I have no means of verifying the latter statement, but it seems extremely nrobable. The increase of chestnuts among the British hackneys is more pronounced than it is among the thoroughbreds, and the colours are frequently a light chestnut approaching dun, with white faces, and often four white legs. Of late years this tendency has been so pronounced as to cause the dealers to complain that they find it impossible to obtain from British etud^ any thing like the number of bays with black points they require. > COLOUR IN THE DOMESTIC ANIMALS. The writer referred to in theaPr«"0V3 paragraph experiences a great difficulty in accounting for the increase of the chest nut and its prepotency. The Arab has r been largely used in building up the En^ lisli racehorse, and of this horse he says, j "Chestnut is by no means a colour !re- > quently met with in that breed. Most people are of opinion that the Arab horses are principally grey in colour, but tins is not so. Major- General W. Tweedie, m his work "The Arabian Horse" says: 1 he lically the Ku- hai-lau colours are bay and chestnut, and the numerous shades of grey and roan. . . . Some of the best Arabs that ever trod the turf in India were of . this (chestnut) colour." We may asenbe. the tendency to the chestnut colour ml thoroughbreds to some remote Arab ances-; tor of that colour, but where the colour < ' comes from in the breed of British hackney . is more difficult to ascertain. Original'y a very large proportion of the British hack-; S neys were bay, but now it appears that a :. really good bay is seldom seen. The pre ' valence of mealy chestnuts with white faces . and white legs will reduce the value of the stock in the market, as few people care to! drive such parti-coloured animals. Colour . in the domestic animals is by no means con ". stant. The shorthorn cattle are red, white, *' and roan; the Highland cattle (one of the, i " most ancient breeds) are of four colours, and ? i f, the polled Angus often throw red calves, i e L- The Herefords at times exhibit a tendency, y to develop into white animals. I have | |t. 'seen them "with red sides and all the rest of | f the body /white. The bright cherry-red K t Herefords are very apt to run to too much > V white on the body. Stud-breeders have re course to dark coloured sires to counteract | ?! this tendency. Of the ancient breeds of Bri £ t tish cattle, the Devon is the most constant | £ in colour, and even in this breed there are 11 light and dark shadea of red. THISTLES IN THE PASTURES. R ?f*" Many years ago I got a lesson in sheep " feeding from the late Mr. W. J. T. Clarke. At that time the Scotch thistle was spread ing pretty vapidly in Victoria, and an out cry, was being raised that the pastures ol lie country would be ruined by it. Mr. Clarke was greatly opposed to cutting the Ibifitles, giving as his reason that they had *aved"the lives of many thousands of sheep in a bad season. Instead of being an injury j^trded the thistle as fin excellent fodder plant in a drought. Oddly enough I Jately saw an excellent illustration of the Value of the so-called "Scotch" thistle for "frwrfpg sheep in condition on the estate of Mr, Clarke's grandson-Sir Rupert Clarke, driving through the paddocks at ~ few weeks ago I noticed that the thistle were being eaten ap &s; fast as they were deve wm Thw grass was burnt up [etfine shavings,and the sheep v fy^aige number of eplen oaabred wethers) were in grows much thicker and more luxuriantly than it did before. The thistle appears to have the effect of a light cultivation and manuring. An English gentleman who owns a large grazing estate in Argentina told me that when the back country was taken up for stock-grazing there was very little grass on much of it. The custom was to sow the variegated thistle on such places, and on that plant the stock did well. It was always, he said, followed by good pas ture. TASMANIA AMD CENTRAL AUSTRALIA. I have received a letter from a Tasmanian correspondent, which discloses a very serious state of rural affairs in the northern part of that colony. He says:-"We have had very little rain since last autumn. The water-holes are all dry, for over three months no rain has fallen, and there has been a succession of hot, scorching winds. The temperature has gone as high as 105deg. in the shade, and between 90 and 100 has been common. There has been a plague of large grasshoppers, which have appeared in myriads. They have not only eaten the foliage of the trees, but in some places have killed them by eating the bark. The stock are very poor, and many flocks are being fed on hay and molasses. Should the pre sent unfavourable weather continue, the mortality among the stock will be very great next winter." Many people in Australia regard Tasmania as a favoured land for stock, because it is usually much cooler than the mainland, but the midland and the northern districts (back from the coast) are very dry, though the heat is seldom as great as that stated by my correspondent. Probably this is the very worst season ever known in Tasmania, for they have not only the drought, but bush-fires have been very frequent and destructive. The same day I received this letter I met a pastoralist from up Brewarrina way, and he told me that his last rain was 5in., which came after several heavy falls of rain. The country | he described as being quite green, and the 1 water-hole where they bathed was 27ft. deep. 