BUSH FIRES. TELEGRAMS are being constantly re- ceived from the Gippsland (Vic.) district stating that the bush fires are raging with unabated fury. Many hundreds of settlers have been ruined, and are now destitute, having been unable to save anything, and barely escaping with their lives. The loss of stock is enormous, and many town- -ships have been destroyed. The town ship of Neerim has been totally demolished. Following are the towns affected : Warragul, Thorpdale, Mor- well, Leongatha, Yarram, Foster, Drooin, Traralgon, Wood's Point, Hastings, Avoca, Paynesville, Upper Macedon, Beaconsfield, Warrnambool, Yea, Trentham, Gisborne, Lilydale, Mansfield, and other places. Reports from the special Melbourne press representatives sent to Gipps- land district show that the disaster caused by the bush fires is even more serious than first accounts seemed to indicate. Large numbers of hard- working farmers and settlers have been absolutely ruined by the vast destruction of the crops and the des- truction of improvements which have been the works of years, or repre- sented a heavy capital outlay. Many families who lately owned thriving homesteads are homeless and reduced to the verge of poverty. The Government is rendering aid in the shape of tents, and monetary as- sistance in most of the urgent cases, and gifts of food and clothing for the sufferers are being carried free on the railways. The Minister for Mines is visiting the Thorpdale district, which has been completely swept by the fires, and where nearly 100 miles square is completely bnrnt out. Twenty-nine scttlars, within a radias of four or five miles of Thorpdale, lost everything, and their looses are set down at from £50 to £1000, the bulk of them suffering to the extent of between £300 to £500. Bush fires have also devastated the Sassafras district, and several settlers have been burnt out. The Melbourne Argus records the following incident : - "At Neerim East the fire has made almost a clean sweep, damaging the crops and holdings of Messrs. Young, Murphy, Downey, Purcell, E. G. Stephens, and J. Holt. Although tho houses of the settlers in each case have been saved, the experience of Mr. Holt was truly strange. All day on Wednesday the fired roared and surged through the forest behind the house, growing nearer with every fresh gust of the strong north wind. The air was full of sparks and burning pieces of timber, and Mr. and Mrs. Holt plied their bags soaked in water, and their mops and clothes with frenzied energy to prevent the house from catching. Presently the smoke became so dense that the suffocation of the entire family became imminent, but Mrs. Holt's ingenuity was spurred to fresh inventiveness by the pressing danger, and she devised a plan by which she saved the lives of all her six children. The poor woman herself was in no fit state for such a fearful ordeal, having given birth to a baby as recently as last Christmas, but she carried out a plan which was as ingenious as it was happily successful. She made the younger children lie down on the ground, and covered them over with sacks, which were kept constantly saturated with water, so that they could breathe without inhaling the pungent suffo- cating smoke. Then the husband dug a small hole in the ground, and in it they placed the baby, covering it over with sacks. The eldest boy was de- puted to see that the sacks were kept well watered, and in this strange cradle the sturdy infant of this courageous couple went peacefully to sleep, lolled by the roaring of the conflagration and the thunder of the falling trees. It will be a matter of general satisfaction to know that Mr. and Mrs. Holt succeeded in saving their home, and that the baby is none the worse for its fiery ordeal. Reports received from tho Forty Mile Bush, New Zealand, state that strong winda prevailed and fanned the bush fires into activity with most disastrous results. Scores of home- steads have been burned down, while the loss of stock has been tremen- dous. The telegraph lines are inter- rupted all over the North Island and part of the Southern. At Maurice- ville the railway bridge has been con- sumed, with the effect that the traffic has had to be suspended. The fires are still raging, and a furious gale is blowing. Woodville, Wairarapa, Marlborough, Nelson, and Canterbury districts have all suffered severely. So far, however, no loss of life has been reported, but there have been several narrow escapes. At latest advices the town of Pabiatua was in considerable danger. Fires are burning in all directions, and a large number of settlers' houses have been consumed, as well as the Wesleyan Church. The outlook is very serious. A wire from Wellington dated Sunday says :-Rain fell last night, and checked the bushfires somewhat, but the wind revived them to-day, and they now threaten further des- truction. Reports of the losses con- tinue to come in, stating that the loss in feed will have alarming results. The settlers ere exhausted with their struggles with the dense smoke and flames, and are unable to continue if further fires break out. Subscription lists are being opened. News from Pabiatua says the fire has reached the outskirts of the town, and it will be a marvel if the night passes without serious damage. Settlers are flocking into the town with their families. Toothache cured immediately, no matter how severe, with one application of Mur- rumbil. Price 1s. post free, from C. J. Adams, chemist, Dubbo. NEABLY 6STEN IKCHK* OF ÜAH A wire from Murrurundi dat.id Mon says :-After a week of «cessii warm, muggy weather, the rain, wi had been threatening for days, eel on Saturday with a thunderstorm cmtinoed falling heavily until yee day morning. At 10 o'clock Page Hiver was in high flood, be up - to the level «»f the bridge, tween Murrurundi and Haydon several fences wpre carried an Residents ' near the river had anxious time, fl», had the water ri a foot higher, they would have h flooded ont At Boyd's Creek a wa away occurred on the railway li which delayed tbs trains some tit At Blandford the river rose over i bridge some feet, stopping the tra for hours. Un to 9 o'clock this mo ing 677 poi ti J have fallen, and mi rain is threatening. " NEWSY'S " Liycros (REOTSTEKE for coughs, colds, asthma, bronchil croup, etc., will give immediate reliel taken in a little hot water. Sold in and 2s bottles. E. NIGHTINGAL .Sole Agent for Dubbo, Apothecary Hali, Macquarie- street, Dubbo CERTIFICATES TO ISSUE.-It is nc fled that, after the expiration of thii days from January 8 the lot Land Board will hold an inqui whether all conditions applicable the undermentioned conditional pi chases, except that of payment of t balance of instalments, have be duly complied with, and. if satisfi with such compliance, will isa certificates to that effect : - Nt Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agcu Company (Ltd.), 600 acres, pari Teridgerie, district Coonamble ; Jam Wallace, 640 acres, parish Teridgor: district Coonamble ; New Zealai Loan and Mercantile Agency Cot nany (Ltd.), 300 acres, parish Pi Pier, district Coonamble; Patrit .loseph Verch, 120 acies, parii Quilbone, district Coonamble ; Jo! Edward Browing, 40 acres and Ii acre«, parish Erskine, district Dubbo James Dorman, 100 ac rps, paris Dapper, district Dubbo ; John Gil 100 acres, parish Burrabadine, distiii Dubbo ; John Campbell, 51 acres rood, parish Macquarie, distiii Dubbo ; Charles Anthony Smitl 40 acrpp, parish Erskine, distrit Dubbo ; Dennis Madden and Thoms King, 40 acres, parish Bulgandramine district Dubbo; William Thoma Chapman, 100 acres, parish Black heath, district Dubbo ; Ann Ward John Ward and Michael War {executrix, executors, and trustee of will of Michael Ward, deceased) 1663 acres 2 roods, parishes Bergo an< Boonum, district Dubbo (now Nyn gan); Nora Ward, 1920 acies, parts1 Boonum, district Dubbo (now Nyn gan). No TIFIO AT10ÎÎ8 TO PASTORAL LBS SEES.-It is proposed in a few days fa issue notifications under section 3 o the Land Act of 1895 to \ number oi pastoral lessees respecting their lease holds. The area of tho land to b< affectod by the notices ii 722,837 acics The landa are situated almost entirely in theOntral division, aud consist ol «om« of the best land in the lenses. The lands will bo required chiefly fot purposes of sottlement. The places in which they are situated are mostly in the neighbourhood of Wyalong, Con dobolin, Parkes, the Biverina and Liverpool Plaina districts, Warren. Dubbo, Brookong, aad Burburgate holdings (comprising 30,000 acres), Narromine, Forbes, and Burrawang (102,000 acre«), Gunningbaug and Gobing (33,000 acres), and Burra wang (30,000 acres). The notifie. tions will be published in the GAZETTK tn the course of a few days. Already withdrawals have been gazetted cover ing an area of 20,000 or 30,000 acres, and much of this land has already been placed under settlement. It can be understood that the land is valu able from the fact that the average rental is about 3d per acre, and that the extreme rentals range from ld to 5d per acre. MR. LYNE AND THE LAND TAX. The following letter has appeared in the DAILY TELEGUATH : -" Sir,-The leader of the Opposition having defi nitely pledged his party to a repeal of the existing system of land taxation for revenue purposes, and having further derlared in favour of land taxation for local government purposes only, it would bo as welt at this juncture to inquire precisely what is involved in the above declaration. »As regards city and town lands, which .re, of course, of relatively high valu»", a very low rate- perhaps not exceed ing; the prosent one of ld in the £ wonld be sufficient, for local purposes, and, therefor"1, as the holders of snch lands pas' both local and S'nte taxa tion now, the change would simply amount, as far as they are concerned, to a bonus to the extent of the repeal of the present land tax. With respect to countty lands, however, the case ia quite different ther«. Land values are low, and a rato of fully 3d in the £ would bo require! in most cases to raise an amount equal to that now spent, out of oublie funds for looa! purposes. As the country landowner does not now pay local taxation, the proposed change, therefore, would bo to him an entirely new impost in the form of increased taxation. Briefly nummed np, the proposition put for ward by the leader of the Opposition is this-that the present land tax of Jjl-rn the £, with exemptions, should bo repealed as far as city «rd town lands are concerned, and that a new tax of 3d in th* £ without exemptions «honid he levied open all conntry lands. I »wj.it with some interest the burst of entbtt«iat>m which such a -proposal must «»rok« nmongttthe resi dents o! hack block elect-wu* now represented by followers of Mr. Lyne. -T'Mir*, etc., FRUTK COTTON." \- To preserve your teeth from decay, map keep tbejn dean and sweet, use sty Carbolic tientif ri oe. price ls per «JO. *rf nth prie*. E. NroHTitWA»», Chemist, lincho. 