I LATEST TELEGRAPHIC I j > *SYDNEY, FRIDAY, The total area of In nd applied for'yesterday at various Lauds Offices in the colony was 40,140 acres. ' The Canadian liner Aorangi, which sails to-morrow, takes eiglity-tlve passengers for the Klondyke goldfields. Tremendous hush flres.'are raging about Burnside Range, in South Australia, doini; Kreat damage io fencing and cultivated land. Similar tires continue 'in' "Victoria and Tasmania. . - ' ... An elderly man named- Stewart Beattie drowned himself in the Brisbané River.' He first cut his throat, then blindfolded himself and jumped into the water; ? ; Victorian revenue returns' for the past seven months-show an increase of £138,444 compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. <, A boy named Bertie Green, who had been attending the Rechabite Lodge anniversary at Ararat, in Victoria, becoming tired, lay down ou a railway line, and was cut to pieces by the Adelaide express train. The conference of intercolonial Ministers of Agriculture opened yesterday at Melbourne. It is understood that George Giffen will not play'in the forthcoming intercolonial matches at Melbourne or Sydney, owing to a dispute with regard to expenses; ' The haze caused by bush.fires is completely paralysing shipping along the Victorian Const, danger rockets being fired every few minutes. Great ' damage' is being caused by bush fires in Viclorin. Destitution prevails in many districts, and the daniage is estimated at many thousands. At Gippsland, the Hames completely enveloped and .swept over the whole township. Resident's, were compelled to íleo in all directions, to' save their lives, and.in many cases 'children.hacVto be lowered, into wells. Ab Toowpüg'¡)Ñórth,.only- four tenements remain. Business in several town- ships is entirely suspended! . Farms, home- steads, and live stock are being destroyed. The whole country between Moe and Warra- gai is a sheet ol'flame. ",. ? , I A motion was made in Chambers on Wednesday for a prohibition to restrain J. A. Creagh, Warden at Grafton, and John Hansen, for further proceeding on an order made by the Warden in December last on the ground that he had no jurisdiction to investigate and determine the matter of complaint in the absence of the applicant Kelly, who resides at Murwillumbah, he not having been served with a summons. IÇ was urged'that the order was made contrary to natural justices. Rule granted, returnable next term. SYDNEY, FRIDAY NIGHT. A number of persons were heavily fined to-day for breaches of the Betting Act. The English cricketers ''arrived to-day. Storer and Richardson will probably stand out of the match'against N.S. Wales com- mencing to-morrow. The Mayor declares he ;will 'resign unless the Council accepted' the' Town,.'Clerk's resignation, as Daniels accused him of allow- ing the present, inquiry, to, be improperly conducted. A young man named Herhert Bennett was charged at the Quarter Sessions with indecently assaulting a girl aged twelve ; but as the evidence showed that accused was sufïoring from tho effects of a fall, and at times became childish, the jury returned a verdict of nob guilty oh the ground of insanity. The Judge ordered him to be detained in Darlinghurst Gaol during the Governor's pleasure. Mr. Wragge forecasts occasional rains and thunderstorms ; strong N.E. squalls in the inland district, with cooler weather shortlv. The extreme southern edge of the disturb- ance Ellne will affect the north-east part's ; generally, fine south from Laurieton. But the disturbance Zivan will shortly cause unsettled.weather south from Newcastle; winds shifting from north ' through west bo south. Sea moderate south from Smoky Cape, thereafter rising. 1 ? I. Mr. Edward O'Donnell Macdeevit, for-1 rnerly AtborneyGoneral. of Queensland, took ill while learning, to ride a bicycle this morning, and died within a few minutes. A man whose nalrtö is believed to be John Thompson, received fatal injuries duringa dispute at Randwick this inormng. -Deceased was in the company of a woman, when other men appeared on the scene, knocked him down, and belaboured him'to.death. The assailants then decamped. A woman named ' Cecilia Walters, with . whom : deceased had been living in a tent, declared that four men followed them home; and' after brutally maltreating Thompson, knocked' her down, andoutraged her. On the strength of this statement the three men were arrested, and detained, pending1 further- inquiries. ' A pout mortem examination showed that Thompson's death was due to heart disease, and there were absolutely no marks of violence. The Coroner, therefore, dispensed with an inquest. The three arrested men wero discharged, the woman's Btory regard- ing an outrage upon her not being boroo out. by medical examination, The general opinion ÍB that the statement is a pure fabrication. BOURKE, WEDNESDAY.. . A representative gathering ? bf local citizens met at the Post Office Hotel last nighb for the purpose of bidding farewell to Mr. E. G.' El worthy, who has been, appointed to take charge of the Grafton branch, of tho A.J.S. ; Bank. The Mayor (Alderman .Daniels) occupied, the chair,.and said.ah'illuminated' address was being.'prepare'd; for signature, and would be. forwarded to recipient'.later on. Mr. El worthy. left., for. Grafton , this morning. He will' be greatly missed here, having always displayed an active interese in affairs affecting the town's, welfare. He has been treusurcr of the local hospital for a number of years. His successor, Mr. R. J. Fawcett, arrived last night... . LONDON, THURSDAY. The British warship. Barfleur has been ordered to join the Chinese squadron. Colonel-' Woronoor, -Russian Military Adviser to China, has been dismissed for having arrested a number of sympathisers with Great Britain. The New York HERALD says that in the event of-war, blond will bo found thicker than water, adding that millions, of ' Anglo Saxons would find their commercial interests threatened if Great Britain1 were engaged in war. ? . * - ."i- ,. .., . Dervish forces are evacuating Metemneb, retiring on Omdurman. ?.. r M. Lockloy, in the course of ar speech in the French Chamber of Deputier, made a pitiless analysis of the French Army, and declared that SO per cent, of the warships were unserviceable: < His' remarks created: a ! great sensation. ' '. .> .il . .. .-, , The French Minister for Marine says the I Government intend that the Mediterranean shall remain » French ; ''a gulf will be effected by the establishment of strong coastal defence. At the.sadie time ships will be built for service outside of Europe. The Czar has intimated that Russia will withdraw from any further initiative in Turkish nlfairs if opposition is persisted in with regard to tbe appointment of Prince George of Greece-os Governor of Grote. Further ' particulars of the blizzard in America show that thirty-six persons perished-'on the coast during' the storm. The daniage to Boston: amounts to over one million dollars.' Two hundred'horses were killed through tho falling of overhead trolly wires. .'.'.'. All of the newspapers contain articles heartily congratulating the.Australians on winning the "rubber" test-match. The SPORTSMAN considers the. Australian com- bination as strong all round asj ¡any previous team. The SPORTING LIFE Says Australia can fairly claim to be superior to England in tho cricket field. The .Westnilnster. GAZBTTE says, thé'Englishmen, .wfjjj>' fairly beaten oh their, më'rits! .,',}. ';.',.', ., . " Bulgarin "hits .strongly.:; prnfëflt->d to .the Porté against1 oppression au'.bhq.Macedonian, frontier, dcriia'nding the'dismissal of officers guilty of outrages 'on the''inhabitants of Uskub. . - ? " .. ;. . : -. .',;,,'.. British and American ' newspapers are Ê'reatly disappointed at th$/suggestion of lord Sallshnry backing down with regard to Talien-Wun Bay; while the continental Eapers rejoice. The British,* Foreign' Office ns warnfcd the public'.th'nt.many bf the statements made with regard toi ito.policy ?'are'inaccurate.'- ' ' . 