AT A BUSH-FIRE. " Wanderer," writing in the, Kil more Free Press, giving an account of a bush fire at Broadford, indulging, as usual, in the amusing' side of the: pie ture as well as the serious, says : " Men, w?ven and children turned out. The women tucked up :their skirts, rolled up their sleeves, and, armed with great blue-gum branches; faced the enemy side by side with the men, working like Trojans, beating out. the fierce flames, whilst half-a-gale was blowing of a regular brick-kiln charac ter from the north. Oue lady, Mrs Longstaff, at last, through sheer ex haustion, gave way and fell prostrate, She was working next to me, and I looked on her as my mate, consequently immediately picked her up, and in my arms she very soon came to. Mrs Bob Smith and Miss Smith,-of Dunrobin, also noble workers at the fire, had a queer experience' when night began to close in on us, amidst the grand, yet terrible, panoramic fire picture of hundreds of acres of grass and small and great trees alight, shoot ing occasionally like rockets in the '-?j'heavens, and sparkling like diamonds, where best seen to advantage in the glitter. Mrs Smith trod on a snake, which, with many others, no doubt, were roused out of their slum bers by the heat; she screamed, of course-as women always do when frightened-it lets off the superabun dance of nerve pressure and acts as a safety valve, otherwise they'd burst- ran for her life, with the snake after her for several yards. On entering the gates of Dunrobin Estate, her mother's property, Miss Smith found another snake twined round her ankle, and, with another scream and high kick, a la post-office style we have read of, the 'varmin' was dislodged, and both ladies raced for their bare lives to the' homestead, never again, they say, to attend a bush fire at night. I chatted with both heroines next morning and, they ,appeared none the 'worse for their exploits." Doctor Bevan had an amusing ex perience or rather a novel one with a burglar on Monday night at his residence.- Burglar: I want your ring, doctor. I don't want .to shoot, but I -must have it. The doctor : I told him :I valued the ring, especially as it had been given me by my mother. Turning to Mrs Bevan, the burglar said "you give me a ring and I will go." Mrs Bevan, cool and collected, asked him if he would really go and the burglar replied yes, and the ring was handed to him. The burglar immediately made his exit through the window and S':ibed down the verandah post. 