LADIEB’ COLUMN. SOCIAL. My dear MAUDE, Any wandering thoughts of veering socialwards have been hastily seattered by another wave of beat that has swooped down upon as with almost as much firee- nossas itaprodeoossors; therefore, wb;are one and all reduced to our former collapse, ahd one may safelyexpect;''a hbhr; tinned duluoss 1 until the Leriton Boatoil ihiai;; passed, and' tho Faster .whicp generally prove up attractive in city,’ burst upon us. By the way, thorp ]s still one of our community to whom the vagaries of the .seasons' .seem' to bb -a' secondary consideration. 1-lUtb is Mr.HyM'. 1 Marks, ollr Castor Fair secretary, who 1 is again on the warpath with his usual activity, and is on thd qui vive fpr ; all manner of novelties to make this year's Fair as attractive as on fdrrnor occasions, All preliminary arrangements are made, and all augur well for success, spelt with: a, capital S. Just -now though there is a doubt as to our celestial inhabitouts mak ing their usual display, which is-certainly one of the chief sights. However, their de cision is to bo made known thiawoek and wo hopo to soo them . arrayed ih all . thoir gorgeoua (Indry on faster Monday. The niayor and mayoress of Melbourne,:Mr, and Mrs. McEaoharn, are likely to be pre sent to perform the opening ceremony, an invitation having boon sent them, Miss Annie Harrison, of “ Hazpldono,” Quarry Hill, loaves Bendigo early next men til on a visit to England. Miss Harri son accompanies Madame -Busst of Mel bourne. ’ / - Once again Lake Woproona wears a slightly fresher appearance, and on- Wed; nesday next a. regatta is to be held there, for which an interesting programme lias been arranged. r > ' Mr. and Mrs. Julias Oohn wore sur prised atthoir residence, The Bungalow,” on Monday evening last by several of their young friends. Mr. and Mrs. Colin made their guests quite at homo, and a happy evening was spent midst music, laughter and chat. Miss Lucy Harkness, the mayor’s-daugh ter, called a meeting of ladies on Thurs day afternoon last, in the mayor’s room at the town hall; to inaugurate some novelty to swell the proceeds of th*e TTair which the ladies could carry out, “ Kiondyke ” is the name decided upon, so that no doubt the ladies may expect “ a rush.” Mr. and Mrs. Percy Mole leave Bendigo shortly for the old country where they will likely remain. During the Lome season, many of the visitors found time in their holiday-mak ing to aid the sufferers by the local bush fires. Mr. J. AY. Paul arranged one con cert, from which the handsome return of £20 was Handed over to the fund. Mr. and Mrs. M. D. McEacliarn are sending- their oldest son to Eton. He loaves for England.in the TlvM.S. China on day next with Captain and Mrs. Froemah- Thomas. Miss Ohar|otfco Hemming gives an “ At Homo ” at her father’s residence,', “ : Y an " tara ) ” Ascot ,Vale, on Sunday next to say an rovdir to her many friends before leav ing for London on Tuesday. Id spite of the high prices ranging in Sydney, at the town hall for Madame Albani's concert on Wednesday last, over 800 seats at 7s 6d wore booked, quite the highest on record in the history of Sydney. Tours sincerely, “Yxoi.et.” Sir Walter Besant, in his wholesome way, has a good deal to say about the estate of matrimony. Ho certainly 'does not hold with the ultra modern spirits who dcolaro that marriage is a failure and the wife’s way a way of. drudgery and monotony. He maintains that most- of the marriages ho has had any knowledge of have been essentially happy ones. MByfar the larger number of wires,” He says, “ have accepted cheerfully the position-of housekeeper and'matron. Many iof them have kept house Mritli the earnest intention of making a honle beautiful; a'homo -tfhich became a conliiiual feast to themselves, as well as to the other members of-the'h’puse. For all these matrons the daily work; has been a daily delight. - Then, as - for drud gery and monotony, is there none in man s work ? Think of tho drudgery and mono tony in a city clergyman’s life; wlien every day bo has to tramp around the ungrate ful slums. Think - of the -dradgery ; and monotony of the doctor g'oingf his daily rounds. Think of the drudgery and -mono tony of tho solicitor always.-din wing up endless documents in the hideous legal jargon; No; tho‘moriotdny'pf Ufp, $;am quite sure, is pl-etty evenly ladled out to . working men or wedded wife. What I have said over and ever again, and do most stoutly maintain, is the very simple eppyr book maxim that without love '-marriage must be intolerable; but given love as an essential then the woman'vrhp yields to the promptings of her heart, and; accepts the burdenv light or heavy, of marriage leads the happiest Jifo. | “ WHO IS MX NBIOHBOE?” - This,is a_question thatnieets ..us daily, and So perhaps it will be wise for us ■ to give it a-fow moments’ special considera tion. There is practically ho limit to tho answer, for “ pur■ neighbor ’’ means . any and everyone . who. • may need -pur help; is not necessary that we “ know ” our neighbor, if wo know, something of his or her special trial or sorrow, its enough. A word, a letter, a message—aye,: even a look of sympathy—may oarry : the; needed comfort. Gur “ neighbor ” may. not al ways require substantial help from', us ; it may be that our example, ourinfiuouco, is just the aid, most wanted to .enable him or her to come OUt victorious oyer some sudden temptation. Strangers to .. one another, wo may yet in such a case have acted as a true friend to our tried “ heigh-: bor.” As you pass along life’s highway, he ever ready to give a sympathising glance to the sorrowfula brightAmilo- to; the. little child', who may be also travelling qnj it;. Bo ever on the watch to'do -,a kindly, deed or say a bhoering; wbydf fbr not, tplljvyhat; 'from such conduct;T of; oh e. of acts^thatt; dpne^jp.. mhcli;,JbJ ’m■akqtllb'■P^n<^&■ , of:Wales ho is at homo. . Stopping oho day out;of his carriage, lib : noticed a' poor blind mail, whose faithful- dog was~matdng Bravo, But; ineffpotuai efforts to lead his pinaster' across the cvowdctT streets. The kind heart .of; tho Princo was touched by the pathetic .picture of feebleness . and ..devotion • (for ll.It.H. loves dumb animals almost as muoli. as the Queen herself), and. going up: Ip; the man, ho led across to> thb;v this is a ma^ujp^ for a ypry ; winch w/f&j; bo soon:hi| treasiA'cd%t:Sq'WrihceT, p&e; fiq] hadTseoa' “ 'Ohrlc^iim “ from :ful«i filling upon hot' wp vtbcC recoghise;. ;itj from henceforth 5*‘ihajb. •; byp^ypub^is;; neighbor pe'strahgpreY;! V^; ; •' strong Au%nifyi^ .WrpJri.tHe iofm;pf o^ihd^bM^ , :T^p...wiip x roughened; will find greatly improvcdby using an oatmeal ball, raddd i,by washing /half u pound oflard thoroughly, then (put ting ib;,in .ib ; wifch-4,ofi ; t pdtmcatuiUil -'up' groasjnoss' Sbp felt,) ; used’ ifeila.dald.itobotfbry suoiTesbr fill; in .restoring the HUUafl'fcd -d: soft; cpiir -ditioU.' " ■•■-.; ~ ' ■■'■■'r.T: ’ tfyphoidfovor is ■ draiiiB, r botji within Und wifchoub;thp<bpdy r , ». ."'Worry,'rather -ttyaii* : for many distressing .ailments; a ~ . According to Loibig! the alkali; in: ‘ as- \ ;pargv|s dovol opcs form itWhe human brain, ; >-A cup of .vory hob milk.takon’ab bed time HvilToffootua Ily provent sleeplessness.; Green vegetables and good 1 fruifc Oontaiu; certain salts and aoidaywhiohmaybeoallod nature'smedicine. ' , r '“v- ; * V ; :A. hearty - lailgli .will often rlievo the tbnsibn of an overworked I 'brain; ' -> i ; ;ir . . iforvous people and' those with weak hearts must.abstain from cbffee. a [Corrospondonts-will behind enough to address . thoir comrimnicfttions-Hto' orrivb not |ator tlmrr,Thursday forenoon, for publication-—to > ; H .Offlcpj ■ ; 