CAULFIELD NOTES BY OUR REPORTER. The pa fit week has been the dullest ex perienced at Caulfield for ninny a long daj. The hot weather has been too trying to give horses much work, while the heat has scorched the place up to a terrible extent. In spite of the drought, the sand track is in splendid order for galloping on, thanks to the care bestowed upon it by the ranger, Broadbridge, wlio has it watered and har rowed every evening. The course proper is not as hard as one would think, but it is very little availed of by trainers. The Futurity course is being well looked after for the initial race next month, and as the horses will run for two furlongs on a side view a good sight of the race will be had. J. Lavcrtv's untimely death through his accident at Meutone last Saturday, by La Heine falling with him, is deeply deplored here, as he was very much respected by his brother jockeys. In a conversation with J. E. Brewer on Tuesday morning about the accident, he told me that he lias more than once told those interested in the course that an accident would happen at that par ticular hurdle, as the run up to it is not sufficient. He has advocated mile and three-quarter hurdle races, so that the horses would settle down and be fairly in their stride before negotiating it. I am sorry to say Waraka is still an absentee, but is expected to make his ap pearance again next week. This enforced idleness must naturally interfere with his autumn preparation. S. Griffiths has taken up Deposed and The New Woman. Catspaw, after about a month's spell, is in work again, looking all the better for his holiday. J. Williamson has Spindrift in work once more, and J. Gardner has an addition to his string in a filly by Padlock out of Princess. Bendigo is now being trained here, and is staying at G. Rudings's for the present. J. J. Allan lias moved bis horses from Heywood's, and they are now located at the stables lately occupied by C. Carter. C. Rudings has received Mr. L. E. Meyer's recent purchase, Campaspe, into his stable. The old hor6e has got over the lameness which he showed on New Year's Day at Flemington after the Steeple j chase. | Chirncide has got over the slight ailment to his throat from which he was suffering, and is now being hacked about. Last Saturday morning was suffocatingly hot until about 8 o'clock, when a change took place, but all the horses had finished working long before that hour. J. E. Brewer adopted the sensible course of taking all his horses to Elsternwick and swimming them. Kananook and Bon Mot were the first to put in an appearance, but they were not ex tended over five furlongs run in lutin. lljsec. Water Colour spurted three furlongs, two of which took 25sec. Programme"went about half-pace, but George Frederick, Pivot's sister, and The Sedition filly went easy exercise; so also did Mag, Catspaw, Eumeralla, Lieutenant, and Orpneliue. Sea breeze ran home three furlongs. Speni-cr and Advance slipped over half a mile in 54sec., but it took Nanette half a second longer. Admiral Cook and the Escutcheon filly accounted for half a mile in 53sec. Sun bury did nothing out of the common. Boston did very easy work. Orpah and Pinfire went five furlongs at about an even-time gait, Ailsa Craig and Woodbine finished together over five furlongs, nicely accomplished in I Imin. 5jsec. The Chevalier and North I British were not in any way extended. Tuesday morning was even worse than Saturday. It was just as warm, added to | which the smoke from the bush-fires hung j so thick over the course, that for a long | time the horses could not be distinguished. Sir James and Brightlight were the iirai distinguishable-a number had worked be fore them-and their mission was six nir loncs left behind in lmin. 241sec. Damien and Sonny were companions for a mile, which registered lmin. 55sec. Locksmith ran up half a mile. Allegiance and AusterJitz were timed five furlongs in lmin. 9sec. Spenccr and Advance ran three furlongs in 39sec. j Veloce went about six furlongs in evens, i Admiral Cook and Rebel Queen took lmin. j lOsec. to get to the end of five furbngs. North British and The Gnn kept together | for a round. The Chevalier ran a circuit under even time Orpheiine merely cantered, while Fortuuio was 6eut the reverse way at a medium pace. Trainers took advantage of the cool weather on Thursday morning by sending their charges fast work. Carrick worked j very early; he ran five furlongs, but I did not get his time. Early Morn slipped over half mile in 53:1 see. Vagrant beat Bright light badly iu lmin. 24see., for six furlongs. Battalion went about a mile and a quarter at half pace, while Vigilance went the same distance in about evens, so also did Jack Ilanwell. Water Colour beat her previous record-lmin. 4|sec.-by a quarter of a second, in a five-furlong spin; and as she had a fair weight up, it was an excel lent performance. Nora Creina did strong work, and is coming on nicely. Catspaw used the tan for medium exercise. Noel got to the end of a mile in lmin- 82aec. General Gordon went about two miles at a strong pace. Rosy Morn accounted for sir furlongs in lmin, 21sec" but not ridden out. Sonny and Damien finished together at the end of a mile, which occupied lmin. 50}sec. North British went a fast five furlongs, and Neva showed a lot of pace over five fur longs, registering lmin. 4Jsec. Lieutenant, as usual, had an easy tank set him. Veloce made use of the ten. The Chevalier ran a mile and a quarter well within him self, in 2min. 24sec. Admiral Cook, Al legiance, Freethougbt, and Austerlitz, well Strang out, ran five furlongs in lmin. Cj«ee, Orpheiine was not extended. Lock smith went a round at about evens. Spen cer, who has grown into a nice colt, was kindly treated. Termagant accounted for five furlongs in lmin. flsec. ? The sister to Pivot, the Sedition filly, and George Frede rick merely rantered. A mile in lmin. 53sec. went down to Warlock. Wisdom beat Rebel Queen at the end of a mile, run in lmin. 50Jsee. Ugly and Pinfire took 56sec. to run half a mile, Fortunio, not extended, accomplished five furlongs in lmin. 8see.< .Norway spurted three fur longs in 40sec. Ailsa Craig and Nancylea went seven furlongs in lmin. 42Jsec. Warbraccnn has gone to Deniiiquin, to Mr; C. C. M Chilloeh, and will do some racing in that district. I. T. Carslake received from Sydney on Thursday by the Arrawatta a two-year- old full-brother to North British. Wh/m will the V.R C. insist upon these abominable mile and a half scrambles oyer1 imrdleg being done away with? ? 