Hints from Net Zealand. We have just received the Annual Report of New Zealand Department of. . .Labor for the twelve months ending 31st March, 1898. The report mentions an increased prosperity for the workers, _J)ut there are exceptions in the particular trades where new inventions have been largely introduced. The report' states : — ' Under the present industrial system, : and with , the limited commerce 'of the colony, there is no hope for the boot 1 maker, the printer, or workmen in any other business in which machinery can be 'iised to: supersede manual labor.' There were registered 5601 factories \ with 38,672 persons employed, being an in crease of 424 factories and 2754 em ployees as compared with the preceding twelve months, and the state of business was such that a great amount of overtime was worked. On this point the report adds:— r.' It falls heavily, however, upon the particular operatives themselves, because, although manv of them eladlv ? , o If v welcome the extra pay they receive for overtime, work, they are not gifted with enough knowledge of the laws of physiology and health to recognize that working these extended hours may sap their vital forces, and cause the additional pay to be very dear money indeed. . . . Neither does the pressure of business serve to absorb any outside labor. It is almost invariably upon hands already employed that the extra burden falls, and . it to these that added payment (if any) is . made.' Recommendations are . made ; that the law should be amended so as to reduce the amount of overtime permitted, and to abolish altogether permission for ? work to be carried on on the weekly half- holiday, which ' should be regarded as a sacred thing.' Among other recom mendations we note some of special interest to shearers and other bush workers. Already the inspectors are em powered to require that proper accom modation be provided for shearers, 'lhe recommendations are that proper accom modation should be more strictly defined, that huts should be required to be lime washed or disinfected, that a week's notice of commencement of shearing be * given to the inspector, and that the ?provisions should apply to the accom modation provided for station hands and agricultural laborers. It appears that under the New Zealand law regular em ployees must be paid full wages without deduction for statutory holidays, and it is proposed to amend the Act by making any employer who fails to pay for such holidays punishable for fraud. '* # * The Industrial Conciliation and Arbi tration Acts have been largely availed of, and referring to the Boards constituted under, them- the following remarks are made,' which have a much wider bearing than the immediate subject The objection made that petty grievances are magnified and labor disputes aggravated . in order that Boards may be kept sitting, would probably be met if the fees and travelling, expenses of the Board should (like the expenses of witnesses) be charged to the disputing parties as costs. The trades unions would certainly be un likely to bring petty, disputes forward if the -heavy expenses of calling the Board together might fall upon them ; but, on the other hand, great care must be taken lest:the usefulness of the Acts be crippled by the fear of extreme expense super Tv» nn naaaa incf.ino V\0f)nm0C O. V CXilJJg ? 4-U. i3WUU KUiai'tJ jwwwiuw mi luxury only to be enjoyed by the rich, and-' the present merit of the Act— viz., that it reaches down to remove even the tiniest industrial irritant— would be lost. It is better that the country should bear the 'slight expense attending the sitting, of Boards than that one citizen should have to say, 'I am oppressed and un justly treated* but am not rich enough to make any complaint reach the ears of those in power ; I must suffer in silenc^.' This, latter argument also applies to the suggestions made that when there is an appeal made to the Court from the recommendation of the Board a sum of Ua V*T7 flin annollanf UiUUDj SilUUm WO lUUgou to meet the costs of the Court. The re proach often used in the past concerning courts of justice, and the part played in them by the power of wealth, should never be allowed to be cast upon the Court of Arbitration ; and although per haps it may be idealistic to hope that one day justice may be dispensed free of charge to all, still in this matter the country may draw near the ideal by taking on itself the burdens of its weaker members at a cost infinitesimal when divided among all the units of its popular tion, and it will be repaid by the steadi ness with which the general level of in dustrial life will be sustained.' * * * One of the inspectors, writing his re port from the police station, Pahiatna, touches on another subject. ' Regarding the late bush-fires here, I am sorry to say many of the smaller settlers were great sufferers. ... I might add that the most painful incidents that have come under my notice are those in which certain money-grabbers have foreclosed on the unfortunate settler who' had lost house, clothes, and furniture ; and in some cases the bailiff has been observed driving the few cows — the only thing the poor people had to sustain them through the winter — to the saleyard for debt. I do trust the day is not far distant when the Legislature will see fit to pass a law to stop foreclosing for small debts.- The bailiff and his fees should be swept away by the besom of destruction.' 