@ I @hrontid ESTABLISHED 1854. SATURDAY, JAN. 22nd, 1898. Oun worthy Mayor and town council. lors are to be highly complimented on their efforts to reduce the expense of lighting the township at night, for though His Worship did not attain the height of his ambition in getting gasoline adopted as the local street il luminant, still he and his municipal confreres have been successful in materially lowering the expenditure laid out upon gas lamps; the result of their efforts in this direction being an estimated saving of £500 within the next three years, and it may be said also that they have in no way sweated the local gas companies, for the latter will still make a handsome profit out conditions. ihe project has not taken long to become consummated, for it was only in May last that a special light ing committee, consisting of the Mayor, Crs Hosking, Hick and Booker, was appointed by the council to take into consideration schemes for more cheaply lighting up the streets, the price paid for gas being thought considerably more than the council could afford. With' that object in view, statistics and. other information were obtained from various cities and suburban muni cipalities, after due consideration of which it was palpable that a material saving could be made by adopting the meter system. The committee there fore made a recommendation to that effect to the Town Council, and that recommendation was ratified on Monday last by the acceptance of new contracts for lighting the town by gas. Three tenders were received, one each from the Newport and Williams town Gas Companies, and one from Hanna and Co., representing a gasoline syndicate. The price for gas on the meter system was set down at 6s 8d per thousand feet by the Newport Company and 5s 5d by the Williams town Company, while gasoline would cost 2s 10d per lamp per month. Upon the consumption of 8000 cubic feet of gas it was estimated that a saving could be made of £167 per annum, in clusive of cost of lighting, extinguish. ing and general repairs to meters. It is not expected, however, that the con sumption per annum will exceed 6000 feet, while, in order to reduce the burning of gas to a minimum and to economise as much as possible, it was resolved to try three kinds of burners and adopt that which consumes the least gas, so that the gas used may not reach 6000 feet a year. Anyhow, in round numbers it is ex pected that the saving to the rate payers will be upwards of £500. dur ing the currency of .the new lighting contracts. A rATION'S motives are a reflex of her character, and the desire to do good, to attend to the necessities of the widow, the fatherless, the orphan, the sick and distressed, the homeless and starving of a community is the most commend able of all motives. In the cause of charity Victoria has shown, time and again, her characteristic tendency to give towards anything and everything -indeed, it may be said, without exaggeration, that one of the natural characteristics of her people is a large - heartednesa almost akin to prodigality. Whether it be a catas trophy in dear old England, a famine in India or China, a plague or earth quake in the uttermost parts of the earth, or a disaster at her own doors no matter the cause, no matter the nationality- it is all the same to Victorians; suffice it to be a worthy object, and the land is flooded with subscription lists, bands play in public places and collections are taken up, benefit sports gatherings, theatrical performances, balls and concerts draw crowded houses, and people of all creeds join hand in hand to swell the particular fund being raised. There is nearly always some charitable affair on hand; ever and anon the people of Victoria are putting their hands into their pockets and distributing Peter's pence with a lavish hand. They do so most willingly, and we would be the very last to decry their benevolence, or to say a word which would bve the slightest tendency to produce a cessation of such a desirable practice, or to cause a state of charitable costiveness, and close up Victoria's "bowels of com passion," which are ever yearning to relieve distress of every description. Indeed, we glory in the fact that our fellow colonists are demonstrating that charity is one of the most prominent features of our nationality. The latest call upon our good fellowship is the terrible disaster in Gippsland, where by means of bushfires the whole country-side has been devastated, and even towns have been swept away, hundreds of hardworking settlers and citizens being burnt out of house and home, losing all of this world's goods that they ever possessed, and being reduced to the necessity of starting afresh-some of them, indeed, in the "sear and yellow leaf," nearing the final act of this life's drama. Although the disaster is barely within a week of occurrence, already some thousands of pounds have been collected and is being distributed amongst the sufferers, who are pro tempore being housed in tents supplied by the Government. Such a lightning response to an appeal to the sympathies of the people deserves the highest commendation, and only serves to bear out what we have just said that Victoria has always been the first to "shell out " in the cause of charity L-a characteristic worthy of the great nation she is, in our opinion, destined to become. AusTRALIA Felix is but an inexpressive name for this land of our adoption and birth in this year of grace. Happy, jubilant, joyful, are weak adjectives with which to express the effervescent exhilaration of spirits and super-abun dant:gaiety which now obtains within 'the four corners of this island conti nent. Australians everywhere are throwing up their hats and whooping aloud in their excess of joy-for what? Because a team of the creme de la creme of Australia's cricketers have in two successive matches "wiped out" the All England Eleven in one innings; because the Kangaroo is, after seasons of defeat and disappointment, at last bidding fair to turn the tables on the British Lion. The colonial Press is patting the Australian Eleven on the back in no measured terms of laudation-too much so, we fear, at this stage of the proceedings- while sections of it are holding up the beaten team to public scorn and ridicule by means of cartoons, etc. Though we, too, must add our quota of praise and encouragement to our cricketers, we think, nevertheless, that there is rather too much of boastfulness and vaingloriousness in this hilarious joy anent the victory, and we trust that the time will not come when all this "joy will be turned into mourning." It it is too soon yet to adopt braggadacio, exultation and colonial ".blow," for there are yet two more test matches to play, and who knows what may occur ? So far-that is all we can say-we are glad to see a that the Australians have proved them I selves the better team, and we are r sure that, if in the end they do beat a the Englishmen, the old Lion will be g just as proud of his whelp as he was I- before-if not prouder-and will not a begrudge Australia her laurels, nor a envy her for having, once in. a while, e beaten England at her own game. a BUT a few weeks since members of e the English-speaking race were cordially d wishing each other A Happy New Year, in the full belief that they were r but voicing a certainty bound to be acs complished in .the months to come. scarcely passed its meridian ere the $ cable conveys the ominous mutterings of an incipient war-cloud from which the thunders of war may burst at any mo t ment. Not that the cable fiend's veracity is to be any more relied on at V the present than in the past. But his prophecies of international disturbances P have this time some possibility of their accomplishment owing to the knowledge of events gained from reliable sources prior to the receipt of the news per cable. And it would seemn that Great Britain is determined to be in it. In the front also. The declaration of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach to the effect that England will maintain her rights in China even at the cost of war was no idle boast. Sir Michael is not given to bombastic utterances, and it may be safely assumed that such a cautious politician as he is known to be fully ac quainted himself with the feelings of his colleagues ere lie made thle statement. Not that the inhabitants of Great Britain or her dependencies are wishful for a period of war with its accompany ing devastating results. That is the peculiar possession of the savage race. Yet it is satisfactory to find that the British Lion is awakeniiog to a sense of his responsibilities. Too often of recent years has the spectacle appeared to the E nglish race of Great Britain being submitted to a series of insults from inferior Powers-insults that have been received uncomplainingly, and laid her open, and with some reason, to charges of cowardice. For this reason, and this alone, all will feel pleased with the ut terance of Sir Michael Hicks- Beach, while devoutly wishing that the time is far distant when his veracity will be put to the test, or the prognostications of the versatile cable-man- for once realised. It is more than passing strange, however, that the probable complications will arise out of the disintegration of the most conservative natioq under the. sen--Chbini. For: that is what" the acts of the Powers in China practically amounts to. Some years since a writer astonished Christendom by advancing the theory that the Chinese, in years to come would, by sheer force of numbers, overshadow the white races, eventually securing the upper hand. That theory received a rude shock from the French in Tonquin, which was further accentu ated by the manner in which Japan walked over her. But there is a hope for this theorist yet, though not in the manner expected. China may be the primary cauese of a long and bloody war -a war of giants ; or she may, like her neighbour Japan take to heart the lessons to be learned from the advanced civilisation thas must follow on the opening of additional ports, and in the future become a Power to be reckoned with. She has men, and money if not in actual cash in unestimable natural resources ; and increased civilisation will teach her how to use them. - In the meantime we shall, in case of such a calamity as tle deelaration of war, keep our little musket bright and carefully study the neareste-and cheapest-route for the interior. THE opinion expressed by Cr. Cellen- after the surveyor's report upon the lightiig tenders had been read at the table was " that he much regretted that Mr Champion did not suggest that 10 or_ ..Ipa he lighted by meters for one month and the results placed upon the table, as the coen cillors had lost sight of the fact that they were working in the dark. There was n ncmity to rush the contract o, ad a mouth wuls heb neither here tor the. Ca. Scnouxi protested against the con firmation of the minutes of the estimates special meeting, held on the 10th inst, at the Council meeting on Monday, on the ground that it was held in contravention of the Local Government Act, and was there fore illegal. The Mayor endorsed the remarks of Cr. Schott, and explained that he had misinterpreted the Act when the objection was raised by Cr. Cullen, and did not find out his mistake till some time after the meeting. CouprrAxsT have reached this office that the caretaker at the baths systematically parades throughout the enclosure while ladies are bathing. At times it is necessary for the man in charge to keep an eye to what is going on, but we certainly think that he should make his visits as few as possible. Perhaps the directors of the Bathing Company might see their way clear to affix doors to the bunks that require them which would to a very large extent obviate the difficulty. THE annual matches of the Victorian Rifle Association will be held at the butts from Wednesday to Saturday, the 16th to 19th February inclusive, the programme and entry forms for which are now available. The programme consists of 20 events and the principal item is the Queen's match which extends over three days. Entries close on the 28th January. ATreTsno is drawn to Mr Malcolm Russell's advertisement in another column, for seldom have the services of so able a teacher been always available in Williams. town. Parents should consider whether it is not better to send their children to a teacher of proved ability, than to place them under one who has neither the knowledge, aptiyude nor experience-who is simply a copyright and imitation, and who has never been under a competent and proficient teacher. SHoRTLY before 5 o'clock on Monday morning, the night watchman at the dock called the Fire Brigade Station. Before many minutes had elapsed the fire cart was standingat the corner of Nelson Place and Morris street, while the firemen hurried on to the railway pier where a fire had broken out in three places. With the assistance of a few buckets of salt water the flames were quickly extinguished. The fire is supposed to have originated throughia fisherman's night lamp being upset. THE Victorian Railways Military Band and Flemington and Kensington Liedertafel hold their fifth annual moonlight excursion down the bay per p.s. Hygeia, on Thursday, 3rd February. The steamer Sprightly leaves Ann street pier at 7.30 p.m. for Port Melbourne. Tickets obtainable at principal suburban railway stations. A SIGnT for holiday seekers on Sunday last to Altona Bay was the capture of a shark about 6 feet 6 inches long and weighing the best part of 4 cwt. Mr John Drysdale, of West Melbourne caught the monster on a shark line from off the pier and with the assistance of two or three others hauled it on to the beach and operated upon the "johnny." A second shark was prowling round the pier and all kinds of inducement were offered in the form of small sharks and flatheads, but no, he evidently " was not having any," and disappeared into deep water. THE entertainment given every Saturday night at the Academy of Music is gradually becoming very popular. Last Saturday night, from start to finish, the audience was kept amused and delighted by the various artists. The charges for admission, six pence and threepense, are marvellously low, and the manager, Mr Atherton, deserves to be supported. THe news agency and stationary business l carried on by Mr W. Marr, in Douglas Parade, will be transferred to the head establishment,-Ferguson-street, on and after let February. STEPS are being taken to get Werribee connected with Melbourne by telephone, so that the public may be able to use the service at the charge of 63 for five minutes. The Werribee Farmers' Association are the movers in the matter, and are being backed up by Messrs G. T. Chirnside and Captain Chirnside, M.L.A. THE weekly meeting of the Trades' Picnic committee was held on Tuesday evening to make final arraugements for the successful carrying out of the picnic on the 26th inst. Six of the committee were deputed to wait upon the tradespeople and solicit prizes for the various events to be contested. PEMsoxS wishing to assist in raising a sum for the relief of the sufferers by the recent bush fires are invited to meet the mayor dt the Council Chambers, on Monday next at 3 p.m. pa desires to acknowvledge the receipt of the following subscriptions and donations for the month of December, viz :-Shire of Wyndham, £2; Presbyterian Church, Footscray, £1 Is; Presbyterian Church, North Williamstown, £4 9s; sunday school I do., £1 2s ; Presbyterian Church, Cecil street, £7; Primitive Methodist Sunday school, Spottiswoode, £1 1; Mrs Holmberg, £1 ; Mr M. Cock, £3; United Methodist Church, Yarraville, 17s 6d; Mrs Mary Reed, per Dr. Honman, £2 2s ; box at Hospital, 9s 2d; Mr \V. Pearson, £1 Is; employees of Jas. Miller and Co., £6 4s 9d ; in-patient, £1 10s; outpatients, £1 14s 6d. Also old linen from Mrs Crawcour, books I and games from Mrs Tanner, papers and periodi als from Miss Spottiswoode and the C.Y.M.S., per Mrs T. Edwards, and four loads of manure from Mr Rice. TIIE Post-office will be opened till 10 a.m. on Wednesday, and only the first delivery by letter carriers sent out. No money order business will be transacted, and the receiv ing pillars will be closed in time for the first mails. T??o3rAs DoxonUE pleaded guilty at the court yesterday, to having " a blow out" on Thursday, and was fined 2s 6d or six hours. Patrick Bruton was ordered to pay £1 10s to Henrietta Stevens for two weeks' nursing. William Bunting, Martin Moore, William Davis, William Cooper, Frederick Eastgate and Frank Gall were each fined 2s 6d for bathing in the river while the excursion steamers were passing. The bench consisted of Mesars Bolton, Pearson and Aitken, J's.P. 300 pairs of Ladies and Children's Boots and Shoes. Surplus stock at great reduc tions, at T. J. Watt's Cash Boot Emporium. -(Advt.) MR HARtow, chief engineer of the Sun beam, paid us a call last evening just after landing from His Excellency's yacht which sailed round from Jervis Bay in charge of a coastingpilot The weather from Wilson's Promontory was very dirty. 