EN&I48H; rCBICKETBRS. MORE &EHABKS.BY; RkSJI . vSISHJI. THE ITMP1UES CRITICISE©. PHILLIPS IN REPLY. The 'English cricketers left Redfern by expresw train last night. A tremendous Ciowd had as sembled to give them a parting cheer. Return matches against Victoria and South Australia are to be played, and they will embark at Adelaide upon the R.M.S. Ormuz- about March 24. The critical and much criticised Indian Prince,' in conversation with an 'Evening News' representative, said that without a doubt the best innings he had seen in Australia was Clem Hill's 1SS in the fourth test match, because it -was so free from flaw. In comparing the two great South _Australian batsmen, he said, 'Darling is a more resolute customer than Clem, though Hill plays sounder cricket! Darling, however, is very nearly as sound and more dangerous — the most dangerous batsmen in Australia, in my judgment. Darling played the two most bj-iiliant . innings against us, and if you want to know which I con sider the most taking aud prettiest innings of the tour it was Frank Iredale's 90 in our first match against New South Wales.' The Indian Prince thought that no comparison could be insti tuted between Iredale and Worrall as batsmen. . Asked what he thought of the treatment meted out to Iredale by a section of the public before tbe final 'test match, he replied with some warmth, 'It was most unjustifiable and absurd. No play er has more strokes in this country than Iredale, whom I consider the best right-hand batsman in Australia. When one of your batsman meets with a run of bad luck — and what batsman does not? — he has no chance of recovering him self here because there are so few matches.' Travelling on the same train as the English men last night was Mr. 'Jim' Phillips, the globe-trotting umpire. Phillips is a man of many parts— ^a skilful cricketer, an umpire sec ond only to England's Thorns, a shrewd business man, an enthusiastic photographer, aud a writer. Like Ranjit Sinhji, lie has been penning an ac count of the tour, and his contributions are ap pearing in the London 'Sportsman' and 'Sport- ing Sketches.' When Phillips no- called Jones for throwing at Adelaide, Raujit Slnhji -was on his side, and the two were subjected to endless criticism. The South Australian press waxed exceedingly wro'th, and went so far as to impute base motives -for the umpire's action. The up shot of it all was that Jones would not speak to Ranji for somet weeks. When a reconciliation had been effected Jones assured the Indian Prince that the cause of the quarrel was the impression he received from reading the scathing articles in the Adelaide papers. The arguments adduced caused Jones to take Ranji's criticism as a per sonal matter. It is a gross breach of cricket etiquette to dis pute an umpire's ruling — even though it be an obviously wrong one — on the field, aud since Ranjit SLtthji, in the* role of candid crjtic, finds that he must have a fling off at the umpires, he does it in the latest 'Review of Reviews.' Writing of the fourth. test match, when bush-fire smoke hung like a thick fog on the Melbourne Ground, lie says: 'The light, which had been none too bright, was decidedly, in my opinion, unfit for play, and the ibatsmen were asked by our captain to protest against the light, both to the Australian skipper and to the umpires. The umpires, however, de cided that the game was to proceed. The press, in a most impartial spirit, in the issues of the ?morning papers the next day., strongly asserted that the light was very bad. That two such fine umpires as Bannermam and Phillips should have committed such an error — such an obvious error, too — was surprising; but, after all, very human. I remember an occasion in England in 1SSC when, owing to a similar error made by the umpires in proceeding with the game on a wicket that was rendered by rain totally unfit; the chance of vic tory of the fielding side was rendered practically hopeless, as circumstances turned out afterwards. I refer to the -memorable test match in which the Australians played at the Oval in 1S9G. The um pires decided that the ground was fit to play on after a very -heavy downpour of rain, when the ground was unfit for the bowlers to bowl upon, and for the -fieldsmen tohold the wetand greasy ball, and it was almost impossible for the batsmen to stand firmly on their legs, so slippery -was the ground. However, it handicapped the fielding side to a much greater extent than the side batting, with the result that the Ausralians never recovered their lost ground, owing to this irreparable mis take on the part of the umpires. It has often occurred to me whether it would not be advis able for the authorities to change tie rule em powering the umpires to call upon the players, whenever they thought fit, to proceed with the game, so as to enable the two captains to have a say in the matter, and to re fer to the umpires in case they disagree!. Um pires are often, at home, led away by considera tions tihat are not a part of the game, and, there fore; I think that some such remedy would, to a certain extent, be beneficial in removing some of the evils that crop up from time to time. As to the error committed in this match, there is no need for me to say that it was a 'bona-fide' mis take, such a one which at all times we are all liable to make an our different spheres of action.' Jn reply to which Mr. Phillips told a 'News' representative that there was nothing the matter ?with the light at Melbourne, and that Prince Ranjit Sinhji had been thoroughly deceiv ed, the density of the smoke being only apparent to those around the ground, while in point of feet tbe light between the wickets, (is thoes in the centre of. the arena could see, was faultless. Piillips also umpired in the other test match— at the Oval in '96 — spoken of by t&s; Prince. XJn that occasion also, he contends, that no error was committed. The rain ceased at about 2.30, and, after keeping the crowd waiting until 4.45, it was deeded to make a start. 'Toe Prince admits,' said Pbiilipe, 'that the batsmen could not stand up properly, then how could they Iiavs had any great advantage over the bowlers, who were in the same plight?' As to the suggestion about giving power to tho captains to deeids, instead of the umpires, Phillips holds that the captains, being interestea parties, would naturally disagree at critical junc tures, and nottung would be gained; bat, on the contrary, ill-feeling would arise between ihe playeno ?themselves. As Phillips has had a long cricketing experience, both as an umpire arid player, in England and Aus tralia, our representative sought his opinion as to the conduct of cricket crowds on opposite aides of the. world. 'Australians are a democratic com munity,' the umpire observed, 'they are flecus tomed to freedom in all things; and they have more money to throw away on sport than their English brethren, who really have to work haro for a living. Their independence and freedom causes Australian crowds to go to greater extremes in expressing their approval or disapprobation than the corresponding English community, wbo are apa thetic, and not so easily moved. My experience is that you will find a few blackguards in every big crowd in any part of the world, and if these men hurl personal insults at the players, by all means have them arrested and prosecuted. But every ? fiist-clasa cricketer should be able to put up with chaff from the crowd. If a man misses an easy catea, and is chaffed, whose fault is it but hla own? A first-rate player should not main* such a mistake. And il a wicketkeepsr or bowler, guilty of 'pointing' or Muffing gets tie crowd down upon him, he deserves it alL While- men who abuse or insult cricketeis en the field should at once bs ar rested, I really don't think that Australian crowds will allow themselves to be handered from express ing, witMn reasonable limits, their approval or disapproval of 'tbe play.' 