NEWS OP THE DAY. The receipts at the three test cricket matches have amounted to nearly £8500. At the Adelaide oval this season close on £4000 has been taken at the cricket matches. " This season's Australasian wool stat istics show a decrease in the exports of 194,000 bales. Fifty immigrant girls have arrived at Fremantle (W.A.)-by the steamer Wool- loomooloo from London. Owing to the long-continued drought, the supply of milk to dairy factories is falling off seriously. The balance-sheet of the Queensland National Bank shows the profit for: the year to be £8000. Piatt- Betts, on the Sydney cricket ground, has reduced his own five-mile cycling record to 9min. 30sec., from a dead start. At the last meeting of the Meredith Shire Council it was resolved to take steps to secure the amendment of the Rabbit Act, so that owners or occupiers who take reasonable steps to destroy the vermin may be exempt from prosecution. At Picton (N.S.W.) on Tuesday night a janger named John brennan, when travel ling on the line on a tricycle, was over taken by the express train to Melbourne, aud cut to pieces. The continuous rains on the West Coast- of Tasmania have quenched the fires and given an ample supply of water for mining. The smelting works are all again in full blast. W. A. Barry, the English oarsman, has issued a challenge for a sculling match, to take place on the River Thames, open to the world. The largest hotel structure in the world, is to be erected in Boston during this year. It will contain 2250 rooms. During the test match 1270 telegrams were sent from Adelaide Oval, .containing 30,448 words, to the other colonies for £l4617s. ; and 236 international messages, comprising 4441 words, were despatched for £1613 18s. The colonial candidates in the Cam bridge Local Examinations for the year number 1073, the total entries for the 223 centres for boys and 202 for girls being no less than 15,118 in all— a record, aggregate. Bushfires that broke out on Power's Court Estate, Gippsland, have swept over the entire, estate from Stratford to Maffra, roasting a large number of sheep alive, while scores of others had .their wool scorched off. - ' Why you have two wife in China, John?" a suburban housewife asked her cabbage merchant. "Why not one wife plenty ? " John looked, wise and answered solemnly. "One wife no good— she too uiuchee fightee me. Two wife welly good —she fightee one another, savee ?" The "Omeo Standard," referring to local police court matters, states that there is no promise of any boom in :court business until the sly-grog ' sellers— -there are said to be- sixteen of them— are brought before Mr. Holmes, P.M., prob- acy ui reoruary. One farmer who was in Sale last week explained that he had lost £150 worth- of fencing by the fires, but that lie had a " burn" through it which was worth £400 to him. . The fire did work which he could not have accomplished for years. The Hon. W. Pearson M.L.C.', informs the Gippsland " Mercury " that some few days back one of the employes at Kil- many Park killed a tiger snake about oft. in length which on being opened was found to contain three half grown young hares. A sad drowning accident has occurred at Cooper's Creek, Lismore, .N.S.W.,, .Miss Eliza Devine, the daughter of a farmer, accompanied Mrs. Loudon, her aunt, oh a riding excursion to Box Hill. While the two were fording the creek the latter lady was carried into deep water. Miss Devine, being able to swim, plunged in to save her auut, but, being' encumbered with a riding skirt, she was carried, under, and both ladies were drowned. Arrival of the English. Mail.— The mails by the R.M.S. Oceana'; will . be delivered in Melbourne this (Tuesday) morning, and those for the North- Easterq district will be. despatched by the evening express. Caledonian Sports. — Great prepara tions are being made for these' sports to be held on the showgrounds, Wangaratta, to-morrow, and with such a- varied programme as the Society have presented the public will be catered for generously.- The secretary has received letters from some of the champion pipers and dances, intimating that they will be present and we anticipate a large gathering' of the kilted fraternity. Mining Board Election.— In another cqlumn Mr. Jatqes Feely announces his candidature tor the representation of the electors of the Beechworth Mining -Board. Mr. Feely's long experienoe as a practical miner is so well known that no recommen dation on our part is necessary. Intend ing candidates and their nominees are re minded that the miner's rights of all must be presented to the returning officer on or before the day of nomination — on or be fore Feb. 1. . Myr?leford Annual Races. — The programme of the annual meeting of tiie Myrtleford Race Club should provide a capital day's amusement on Wednesday (to-morrow), the Australian Natives' day. The course now boasts a new and im proved running track, one mile round, and various other improvements made in the interests qf horse owners. The day's recreation will lie' followed: by a concert and dance ; in fact, every provision has been made for the convenience and en joyment of visitors. A.N. A. Art Union. — We are requested to state that the A.N.A. Fete Committee has definitely fixed the 26th inst. as the lsist day for the sale of the /Art' Union tickets in connection' with ; their ninth national fete and art union, it is therefore hoped that intending purchasers vyill buy at once. The proceeds are to bo distri buted among the- hospitals, and public charities. The undertaking should "there fore commend itself to all classes of people. Nearly £2000 were handed over last year, and the Committee is anxious to realise a larger sum on this occasion. Heavy Load qf Wheat. — The heaviest, load of wheat yet brought into Yarrawohga was delivered' on Saturday at Messrs. J. M'Namara and Co.'s storage shed. The number of bags on the waggon was 141, the weight being about 15 tons. Adding the weight of the waggon to the load would bring t\ie tonnage up to about 18 tons. The wheat belonged to Mr. Carolan, a farmer near Kerrigan." Peguliar Accident. — At Messrs. G. F. Morris and Sons' wine cellars, at Fair field, Rutherglen, on' Friday, three ooop- ers and a lad were at work putting a new head .in a very large cask, and were all on top of it. The foreman, named Barrett, gave instructions to the enginedriver to turn on steam into it lo test it. The re sult was highly sensational, the cask being blown to pieces and |;he coopers thrown in all directions, Barrett received a nasty out above the eye, and auothor of the men had his face laid open, whilst the boy was caught in some, way by the rafters, and J;d to be released. A Gift to the Common weath. --Mr. Dobson. — Would the Commonwealth take over the Yarra? (Laughter.)' Mr.' Pea cock. — We would be glad to get rid of it. (Laughter.) Mr. Howe. — ft would have to be disinfected first. (Laughter.) Mr. Symon.— It has a highly protective odor. The State School at Omeo.— Com plaint is made of the dangerous. condition of the State school grounds. Some time back, by permission of the Education de partment; the shire council removed earth for the road making, and now a dispute has arisen at to which body should put the ground iu ordc-r. Chiltern. — The Amalgamated Miners' Association, at its last meeting, in reply to a.memo, from Mr. I. A. Isaacs,- M.L.A., as to the cutting of timber, decided to re commend that the size of timber,- viz., redguin and ironbark saplings, be in creased this month, as a rush of applica tions wiU'mean that f hey cannot all be dealt with by the latJJrox, ; 