BORDER NOTES. [BY STABLIQHT.] Local farmers are busy carting in their hay. A start will he made with f;raia catting presently. The orops are ooking splendid, especially oats, conse quently the farmers are a bit cooky on it. Tuber orops are a failure. There is plenty of grass for fat stock, and real nioe fat beef and mutton may be had now. Mr. Ferguson, of Easdale, whilst on a visit to Nelson last week narrowly escaped beia< gored by a mad oow, whioh chased him flat out for several miles. Had it not been that he was astride an exceptionally fleet horse he would in all probability have received an introduction to an untimely end. Mr. Thos. MacFarlane, who was bitten by a tiger snake whilst falling a tree con taining a bee hive, has also sufficiently recovered to be able to get about again. Mr. Sutton, Btock dealer, in company I with Mark Kerr, the genial proprietor of I the Eentbruck hostelry, whilst out cattle hunting near Eeatbruck came into con I tact with a huge wild dog, a _cross_be tween a ssaguouna ana a wolf, war was declared, and a terrible battle ensued, with the result that both gentle men were obliged to beat a retreat with the dingo in hot pursuit. They were lucky enough to reaoh their horses minu3 some of their anatomy and clothes. A big Salvation Army pio-nio is to take place on January 26th, and it is said that a well-to-do Ardno fruit merchant is to be united shortly in the bonds of holy matrimony to a lady in the Oaster ton district, not unconnected with the Salvation Army of that place. It is said that the intending bridegroom is as happy as if he had wedded heaven and earth, and sang an infinite ohorale over the whole. Mr. Billy Bats and hia effioient staff of workmen have, under the supervision of Mr. John MacFarlane, just completed a 6,000-gallon tank to the ordez of Mr. J. MaoEachern, of Blachwood Park. Miss E?a Sutton, who of late has pre sided over the destinies of a well-known business establishment here, has left the district for good, much to the regret of all with whom ahe came iu oontaot. Miss j Sutton was one of those nice quiet girls, liked by everybody, and spoken highly of everywhere. Uwing to the scarcity of water a num ber of Border housewives are obliged to get their washing done at the only per manent water-hole in the district* a place called Brown's Runaway Hole. This in volves a good deal of extra graft, as the plaoe described is fully 7 or 8 miles distant from moat of the local dwellings. For the past few weeks old Sol has been Bhooting down on us an intense glare. Fierce north winds have :been careering madly over the earth like a fiery furnaoe, sweeping clouds of du-t into the faoes of weary travellers who happened to be wending their way slowly and mournfully along the water less roads. No water, no signs of life, nothing to break the monotony but the great overwhelming heat and tantalising memories of shady brooks and dirty waterholes, passed by perhaps uo heedingly in other years, only now to be recalled to niad - mtb uwiliboiPB loneing. Messrs. Maolnnes .Bros.' Bimboa Estate, was swept from end to end by a bushfire last Tuesday. With the exception of about 10 acres every soarriob of grasB on the plaoe was destroyed, and it was only under the greatest difficulties that the dwelling and outbuildings were i saved. Some hundreds of pounds worth of fenoing was destroye5. 