NEWS OF THE WOBLD. The Chicago Coliseum destroyed by fire Damage 700,000 dollars. A boy at Toowoomba, Queensland, put his hand into a hollow log, and was fatally bitten by a snake. Kussia enquiring' about 700tons of frozen meat to be sent from New South Wales to Vladivostock. A ?woman and nine children burnt to death at Bethnai Green, London. The father died in a hospital of consumption the same day, Fran>» jealous of good-feeling between Germany and Bussia over Chinese matters. Tiemendous bushfires in Tasmania ; buildings destroyed and lives lost. A young man named Davis, who was on a cycle trip, was found dead near his machine between Myora and Lang Lang. Heat is supposed to be the cause of death. Great activity in the British naval yard at Hong $£ong, but the movements of the fleet are being kept a profound secret. A young man named Gibbs, who bravely attempted to. rescue the party from the sewer tunnel iu Melbourne, has died from the effects of the poisoned air. A young lf\dy run into by a cart when turning a carner on her bicycle at Victor Harbor. The following was a prize which was offered for the longest twelve word tele gram, and is said to have been accepted by the telegram authorities ?-Admiaistvator General's counter-revolutionary intercom munications uncircumstantiated. Quarter master-General's disproportionableness characteristically contra-distinguished un constitufcionalistfs incomprehensibilities." T'hfi sender had a good eixpannyworth any way. A correspondent of the Financial Times wrftte from Berlin on August 21, as follows: -=<5It will be Jfemembiered that of the 5.GG0OOO.OOOf received from France as war indemnity Germany received a certain amount of gold for expenses in case of war, which is kept in the Julius Tower of the fortress at Spandau, and checked from time to time. Such au inspection, at which the governor of the fortress was present, took place recently by the members of the Imperial Debt Commission. A stair case leads, after opening three iron doors, to the room where 120,000,000 marks in gold art- stored. A thousand iron chests are heaped upon each other like boxes of cigars, every box having twelve compart ments, while each contains 10,0l»U marks in bags, The examination is conducted on any chance bag. A couple of smart artil lerymen, each of whom receives 5. marks, are requisitioned to lift the boxes. The contents of the bags are first counted several times, then various bags are weighedt. after which several chests, hermetically sealed, are opened in order to verity the right number, of bags. The inspection concluded, a report is drawn up. For the safety of war treasure the follow ing precautions are taken:-The citadel can only be approached by such strangers as receive permission from the military authorities; before the. entrance of the tower a sentry is permanently on duty, and every day at 12 o'clock the officer in com mand, in company with a sergeant-major, who carries a lighted lantern, enters the cellars of the tower, and scrupulously examines the foundation." According to the Pall Mali Gazette, an interesting divorce case is recorded by a Kansas paper. Dan Balling sued his wife, Lotiij Balling, for a divorce, breause on July 17 she took a public bath. Ho says the ablution# were performed wirhout his knowledge or consent, and he was kept in ignorance of them until three months there after, whereupon he immediately left her, and has since continued to live apart from her. The breach of the marriage ritual was committed at "Washington - part in company with three Q'her people o$ " diversified sex." Mr. Balling says of it: " There was no excuse for ljiy wife to go. bathing at Wasbington-paik Lake. We have a porcelain bath tub at home, with hot and cold water on tap. and standard brands of soaps, and sponges that look like a summer squash, and she can even have ammonia to put in the water if she wants it; * But no-she. must go to. Washington park and paddle round in the water with her bare feet. The thought disgusts me." 