Break Up of the Drought. Ou Saturday a very beneficial change te,t iu and rain has since fallen throughout many parts of N.S.W. aud Victoria. The latter colony in par ticular will benefit, as the bush-fires which have done so much damige will be completely extin guished. In Syduey tin Sunday there was a storm off the coast and in the harbor. The ferry traffic was much intcifered with and some of the shipping was in danger ; but no great damage was done. In the suburbs however fences andiron roofs were blown down. Th? Iare Bouth-eaBterlv hurricane was ou 23rd and 24th September 1S92, which was even fiercer than this, and 2', inches fell. The Government Astronomer siys that although, within a few mouths we hive had bursts nf wind of a greater velocity thau blew nu Sunday night, yet it is a very long time siuce the velocity for a full hour his been so great. It is a most uncommon thing for eo much as 45 miles to be registered iu a single hour. The greatest velocity was reached at 107 p.m., when 71 miles was registered as the velocity of a gust. The rainfall in the north-west is the best siuce 1887\. A total of 470 points fell in Syduey up lo Monday morning. 430 points fell Gnulbnurn up to 1 o'clock ou Monday aficrimoi). The Mulwarrce is running after several mouths. Many of the low-lying p»its of the city and Guudary were covered with water. A report from Pambula states that the coach with the ''Tolumla aud U»ga mails was luet on Saturday. Th? coach while crossing Stony Creek was washed away and smashed agaiust the boulders. The mail bugs for Sytlaey, whi :h were a'l tied together, were, washed down the stream, and despite every effort of the mailman they have not yet been recovered. Loss of humin life was only prevented by most sttenuous efforts. The con tractor is, the te'ejram states, making every effort to recover the mails, but very little can be dune at preseut owing to the flooded stale of the country. An it lie' rumor gained currency in Sydney on Monday afternoon to -ho effect that the steamer Marion Feuwick, recently chartered to take the plac ? of the wrecked steamer Kconya, had become a total wreck down south. The Marion Fenwick left Moruya for Sydney on February 12, with a general cargo, and was due in Sydney, uuder ordiuary and normal conditions, on Sunday. A telegram f rom iVniouU on Monday says :— The rain which commenced to fall lightly hers on Wedoenday has been falling incessantly, increas ing on Saturday night and yesterday falling in torrents. AH Pambula flits between Pamhula ard South Pambula are one sheet of water. Tbe river is runcing over the new bridge, fences an! crops for miles are uuder water, reals are blocked aud traffic stopped. Many of the mines bave been com pletely flooded out. During the vinlent southerly gi'.cs which have been raging at Bulli since Sunday morning, the brig Amy, a well-known collier nn the southern coast, was totally wrecked on M'Caulay's Beach, distant about a mile and a half from the Bulli Jetty. Mr. M'Caulay was the first to witness the disaster, which occurred on Sunday afternoon. The brig struck the beach, which is a Bindy one, flanked north and south with reefs, at 4.30 p.m. The Amy was then heading north, and with main and fore- lower-topsails set. Tbe sea was running mountains hiSb, and at the place where the brig fcttueU the «utf wag very heavy. From Ibe shoie one man was seen to lower a boat, which was almost immediately swamped. The occupant, who was identified as the winchinan, ' Aliek,' secured a floating plank, on which be' was washed to aud fro for about half an hour, when he disap peared. Some men were observed on the bowsprit, and others in the rigging, but as the boat broke up these disappeared iu the surf. Had there been a life-saving apparatus at hand there is no doubt but all nands would have been saved. Mr. M'C&uley; states that if he had had a rope he could easily have saved the winchman, AlicK In less than two hours from the time she struck the brig was a total wreck, only her ribs showing above tbe surf. One boat and large quantities of wreck age were washed ashore, including ships stores, &c.; Tbe fears expressed for the safety of the brigan line Malcolm, which left Wollongoug on Sunday afteruoon, an hour after the departure of the ill fated brig Amy, have proved to be only too well founded, as a telegram was reeeived on Monday briefly atating that the vessel had fuundered off Bulli jetty during the fearful storm which raged on Monday night. No mention was made in the telegram of the crew, under Captain Thomas Keogh, who bad charge of the vessel, and it is presumed that, as in the case of tbe Amy, all handB have perithed. 