A Melbourne Letter. (From Our Special Correspondent.) MELBOUvRNE, February 9. The undue prolongation of the Federal. Convention discussion on the rivers question has occasioned widespread dis gust. Of course it is only another phase of eleclioneering jobbery on the part of New South Wales delegates. When the general elections in that colony, which fall due in a few months, come on, it will be easy to see which way. the cat jumps. Meanwhile Federation dangles in mid-air, while members who intend to stand talk big and pose as -champion saviours of their colony ; and future constituents are requested to-look -on and applaud. Those who have made concessions to.reason and common sense will doubtless he held up as traitors, and spurned accordingly. Anyway the rivers question has provided a big free adver tisemelt for several delegates who have not hesitated to ?emake capital out of the debates. As for the Victorian members who went over to the enemy, as one might say, and voted against the very amend ment we wanted, they have behaved re markably shabbily, and cut but a poor figure all round. The final settlement of the irrigation and navigation difi culties, though not what might be termed hastily arrived at, satisfies no State but New south Wales. South Australia doesn't half like it, and Vie toria is in a pretty hole, especially re garding the irrigation of the northern portion of the colony. Of late Lord Brassey has been rather hiding his light under a bushel, and keeping within the confines of his guber natorial abode. The reason of this un wonted seclusion becomes cleai when I mention that His Excellency carries a souvenir of his last mishap around with him in tie form of a " lovely blaeck eye." The death of a promising young litterateur who h is already made for him self a name in the world of letters, leaves a sad gap in the ranks. Though only 30 years of age, Mr .1. S. Robert .son, B.A., better known under his literary noiw de plhone of " Steele Grey." has earned a reputation which his com peers enthusiastica'ly a:dorse. Several of the American science journals were -enriched by constant articles fromi *his pen, which have been from time .to t:me eagerly looked forward to. Keedly appreciated, not only by his brethren of the pen, but also by the outside public who knew him not. "Steele Grey" was a welcome contributor to Punch, Bulle tin and other weeklies in which :his lersatile talents were always t the 'fore, -and the regret with which his untimely death is deplored by his large circle of friends is sincerely manifest. Iii his connection with the - University he has won the friend-hip and esteem -of grads and undergrads innumerable; past and present. In addition i to his varied literary and scientific achieve ments, "'Steele Grey " took a great -in terest.in things theatrical. He had a hand i ' constructing several patito mimes, and also touched up:somne for Maggie Moore, notably-" Santa Claus" -and " Aladdin." It is sad to think that: liver complaint should cut short a life so full of prowmise,' and car;iy off agood friend. who was clever without beinig bumptious, charmin'g without affectatioi, and a jolly goIli fellow ill r6und. ...:- -: A - troublesome law suit, which hlas been hanging fire since 18?8 2, is. fi'sally demolishedl b( the judghieist of: Mr •Justice Holriyd. The: ptaintifFelaimrd \- £700 -odd fron the North Au4ralian& Lloyds, in which th"e deferiidariti-rei interested. The a .tion lihas fo med hthe -subject of numerous applicatiois tothe •Court, and wnas only all aw- t pr ed an cetain c~onditions laid. lo?in by ty he Couirt. As 'hese conditions lihad :iiot been satisfactorily carried out his Hollnor dismissed the case and gave judgmeit for the defendants. Thie Actioni(?as a terrible nuisance. and L'la bee1 hloveci g in the wind for thle last six: years. -Not quite so interminable as the Jaradici v. *J.arndice c ase, of B eak -Honuse :innme, though it certainly app ared I kely- to splead itself out and .iile up costs indefinitely. - The Customiu Department is aec -customed to having its hair pulled by, .ashi.onuble society. ladies with a. taste f'or snuglgling seaiskits atid rouge; and it is a heavy -loser by this expensive taste on their part.- Boots and shoes,' scent, pearl powder, hair- dye, gloves, etc., and many requisites of the fair sex too doubtful to particularise all bear a part in defrauding the revenue. Church bazaars play a leading part in the speliatior, and as yet remain un punished. -The liquor traffic that goes on at most of. these -affairs. in aid of Charity and without. a licenue would astound the publican and the sinner. To observe cases of spirituous creature comforts which have been pre-. sented to the church in question, bear ing the unique title of '? works of art," and raffled as such, at so much a ticket, would make the revenue collector, could he be induced to show himself at one of these fuhctions, mortify the flesh and repent in sackcloth and ashes.' .s a consolation in a -mild form to the male things whom relations will insist uipon dragging to bazaars to be pillaged right and left, the luxury of a sixpelny drink served- by the prettiest of religious maidens the church can boast, is per mitted. Too frequent interviews, with these fascinating temporary Hebes occasionally climax in Jimmy and Cholly being led off in a wobbly con dition by a stern mamma. Of course, the saloon business -is carried on in secluded nooks and' corners,, behind a higk art screen and plenty of palmns and greenery; liut it brings in no mean addition to- the building fund, 'or new schoolroom, or whatever it happens to be all the same.- As an offset against being implored to purchase nine hundred and ninety nine articles a bachelor has: no earthly use for, he naturally makes a 'rush to buy up as much of the one thing to his taste in the whole howling (I say howl ing deservedly) wilderness. The very latest Roman Catholic introduction is a raffle in which the purchase of a ticket gives the right to a drink thrown in with a chance in the raffle. The peculiar things Chairity is responsible for will fill a book' of chronicles, the perusal of which .might be' calculated to make the hair- of the Twelve.Apostles stand -up with horror, i.e., presuming: those .gentlemen own any hair at this advanced age. However, the mantle of Charity covereth a multi tude of sins, so we will peep no -more behind the curtain. At the half-yearly' meeting of .the Banik of Victoria shareholders the Com plnies Act was vituperated .for a good deal more than it was worth. It was a broiling hotday. The shareholderspresent were compelled to stew in their own juice for three-quarters of an hour while the hbalance-sheet was gabbled over as quickly as 'the perspiration " bedewed reader could -mouth it. Several notions that the sheet should be -taken as "read were put down, and anyone w?ho could bolt did so. The net half-yearly plofit amounted-to £22;729 ; which yielded a div. of five per cent on preference shires. Ordinary., scrip-holders -:must :possess their souls ini "patience until such time as the depositors are squared- off. -If all goes well this blissful:period shoild arrive in March next, when the last.in talnient will be~wiped:.- off the slate, OD), ihen wheni:the preferenice share-. holders, depositors, and various :~ther criditors' :of the :i.stitution uare settled up;, the 'common of garden shareholders will get a "look in: The: policy of the directors: was much'e~ ommended and' the naetiig btroke up in a fairly good tem pe-, 'anid -iade? 'much havo among " long handies" -' - : - - - h, atteitdaie- -at thlt' fourth test -atcideh -as ~at .?u mighlt iall.poor, in com!uaritshi :wliefp~ uois d tgates ; -'but. a siu6tant ia l- w?eieage was knoked off the recei ptisby the o, pressive heatihliich bowlled Ioit imaiy wh would other ise have put rii-ani iappearainc 'to, seHe tie luritishfers? sming Ama.i I- bw thst 'the lonioals lihse won the rnbber the :Eng lish iiewspapers: 'tlita piboclaimed "their disgist inl; in.eas'iired terms when their coumtrymen met awithd -teir -:first defeat by .in innings, will sea ly- 'be: able to conitaii thbii wrath.- There have nei~-e no lialf miusur?s in these?three victories of oti bo3si, as the first twov had -ash au ,inings to spare, and ihe third'was won bv eight wickets. ::'i hle last t st match, to ? o~i ple the series of lfive, commences on the 26th at 8?dn;ey---he issuenobt mateirilly affectilg the chainpionhip one way or aniotlher thoughl it w.'ould be. a joke t) score fiir oiut ?6 the fi-ve. The '.eather,~a.ving been sioe'treamely tring, .. - .- . :. . :- .'·:~: . : . . . .. , . . .: . . seems to hlave taken aU the gravy .out of rthe visiting tea?imand they certainly ap pear flabby,. having"' staled" consider ably in the heat. Should the e:ements. become more propitious Stoddart's team will probably pick up in time for the last test match, and make a gallant stand for the Mother Country. The - proportion of the fair sex at the matches kept up wonderfully, and the enthusiasm displayed by not a few of the sweet things was eminently patriotic and catching in the extreme. " By the way, since the pertinent cricket mresults -have been made manifest the worship of the divine " Ranji " has cooled off astonishingly. - The ladies have dis covered that the princling has been tre mendously overrated, and that he isn't a bit handsome after all. However,; we are all only mortal when all's said and done, and really as the old proverb succinctly puts it, " Nothing succeeds like success " The Vermin Destruction Act is sound enough doctrine in its way and as-far as it goes ; but whether the stringent measures laid down under some of its clauses are as satisfactory as they sound, remains doubtful.- Not a fe v agricul turists avow that many of these devas tating bushfires under which the country in still crackling are directly attributable to the V.D.A. aforementioned. At this period of the year when the dried up grass -affords little attraction, from a gastronomic point of view, to the festive bunny, that animal is more disposed to assimilate phosphorised wheat and oats. Accordingly the-Minister of Lands signs a warrant fo" the wholesale destruction of the furry ones, which settlers are obliged to execute in fear of the law. Accordingly the poisoned bait is tempt ingly distributed, and .presently the phosphorus becomes ignited . and hey, presto! you have -a nice bushfire on your - property, which spreads and spreads until it " - is miles in extent and , swallows - everything before it. There are many and diverse methods adopted for the extermination of the rabbit pest ; but the- phosphorus is reckoned, to be the most reliable. Consequently it is resorted to in all directions;, as no specified mode of slaughter is laid down under the Act. which -merely requires that holdings be cleared somehow. They are cleared ; so also are fences, grass; crops, haystacks, tarm buildings, and all the p arapher nalia pertaining to the benighted agri culturist, who no doubt enjoys the spectacle presented by.the conflagration with philosophical equanimity, be he insured well over and- above. But where such is not the case, thy `eelings of the' successful rabbit extermiiiator, must be something unique, if inexpressible. A .couple of New Smith Wales agri culturist;a have'lieconie wiser and sadder since they ran. up against the border Customs. Tales of border barbarisni might be chronicled unendingly, and the bad blood and cuss words conse quent. thereon would probably stock reams of paper, but that-anon. The two men obtained leave to conduct-a team of bullocks into Victoria to follow a thresh .ing-.pachine conditionally- on .their- re turning with the machine within a week. As one of the mates got ill the-contract was inot kept, and :the. 'ustoms o6ficials pounced down in a twiaitiing ti0uconfis .cate tmhelot:and impose a fine of £100.! A fter a lot: f hardl talkintg the Cnsioms authbrities wivre'iindieed- to .believe that there wassno deep alnd deperate desigh to smuggle :the aiilmals. Aecordingly the -ine was mi~.nannimonsly rednsed to '.50, tbut,as the luckless offenders ha'l rothing more than £-37 in the worid :the- powers. that hbe. kindly : con sented? to: 'cept tlhe imount:. Had tfliey-jotipr.ved :thus.- ameiab'e the menu. would have 'beaei:oblii-edoto b.lsk-*iwayinf 'Wluod " ieI lii b ere to bemoient d to I this irniiseira·tl; ifarcedkiit at makes Yictoria: a laughingi stec~ fromn oneend .d6f Miis triil t ,the otlier- ? \- An-inAeotnis.method of talcing dow:ni :various. pfurchasers: of ?gold hals beeii largelyp·~ind tised fodr the last sit niontbs in-ineveral .mining dist, iets here. The. gleates. duipes have b,-en-the:baiks ; ibt theseare. shy o It tting out the real ex-J ctat to wvhich they lave been vidtimisedI The.dotored -re -is so lirfecetly got upi thst itpasses thle acid test wtholiut i'ink ing; while the fire test leaves :it - n harmed;.- There .:were several gnrgs ,at wiork passi~ng -off -the spnurions stuff. lThese etsi~sly avoided -nspicio -by- work ing among the sand heaps, and trading it off on storekeepers andbtliers. Theperfec tion of the specimens and the ingenuity with which they were prepared show that the " boss" who. manufactured them must have been a regular metallurgic expert. Indeed, several prominent assayers and jewellers bought up the spurious metal in all good faith. The nlodus operanadi is worth recording. To begin with, they sifted a little fine gold into a crucible, then equal parts of quicksilver and copper were put in, and more gold dusted on the top. Over a hot fire the lot atmalgamates nicely ; the quicksilver and copper cling together, while the gold remains as an outside coating. Any silver that may not be covered quickly evaporates, and you have a beautiful looking cake containing only 5 per cent. of gold. This judicious mixture has been traded off in wholesale quantities in Bendigo, Castlemaine, and Kyneton, while from time to time it has been got rid of in Tasmania; South Australia, and New Zealand. Many of the banks that have been "had " have declined to prosecute, owing to a certain delicacy they feel atexposing theirown gullibility. The gangs were flnauly arrested through the instrumentality of a German storekeeper, who' had also suffered from the brumnma gem gold they had palmed off upon him. 