THE FIRST BUSHRANGER. Up to a very, recent period the civil law was administered so loose- ly in England, Scotland and Ire- land, that people began to think that there were two laws, one for the rich and another for the poor, and a good many people think so still, and the poor lawyers suffer. At the same time criminal law was administered with so much fer- ocity that juries at length hesitated to find verdicts of guilty as the punishments were so awfully in ex- cess of the alleged offences that they considered it wrong to give a verdict against an accused person. Men were transported beyond the sea for trivial infractions of the game laws and other venial offences, and often for no offence at all, as the judges began to look upon all accused persons who appeared in the dock as already guilty. At length the ferocity of the law culminated to an awful point when a poor girl in London was actually hanged for stealing a twopenny loaf to prevent her illegitimate child from starving, and then vox populi interposed crying satis; let us have no more of this; and it would be folly to suppose that some of those who were immolated for trivial offences, or for no offence at all, did not brood over their wrongs until the worm, came - the worm that will not sleep and cannot die, and that therefore the ferocity of the law sometimes made the good bad and the bad desperate. Amongst those who were immolated for mur- dering a hare was a Scotch poacher named Charles Buchan, who was said to be a near relative of the doctor who wrote the, book known as "Household Physician," and that Charles Buchan was the first bush- ranger who sought refuge in the wilds of Australia, and retaliated on society there for the wrongs inflic- ted on him by the ferocity of the law. He was sent out at an early period with two hundred other prisoners, guarded by about three hundred soldiers and civilians. On their arrival they were located at Port Jackson, in New South Wales, but as barracks and prison accom- modation was then inadequate for such a number, escape from thral- dom was not difficulty and Buchan was the first to seek emancipation. He knocked a drunken sentry on the head, took his arms and ammu- nition, and then fled to the interior to trust to the mercy of the savage. He was manacled at first for murdering a hare, and now he had murdered a man and was free, and resolved to live or die in the arms of liberty. The savages for some rea- son or other did not molest him, and when the other prisoners heard that Charley Buchan was already king of a tribe he was soon joined by others, four of them, and then the reprisals, began. As money was at that time useless in the bush it was not sought for, and when a settlement was stuck up only provisions and ammunition were demanded, and as these were freely given, violence was not needed and never resorted to. But woe betide the unwary j warder or "soger" who wandered too far in quest of wood and water. Several soldiers who were out in quest of the fugitives got on board a whaler, and took their own emanci- pation, which shows that the days at a penal settlement then were not happy days for either bond or free, and three ignorant soldiers who threw off their yoke believing that they could travel due east to China by land, were afterwards tracked, and it was found that for about 12 weeks they had travelled in a com- plete and desolate circle, the broad- est part of which was not 40 miles wide, and when found within 20 miles of the settlement they, were reduced to living skeletons, while at the same time Buchan and his fel- lows were fattening on settlers' beef or dancing at the blackfellows' cor- roboree. But a change came for the worse, as prowling one day along the coast they came upon a lot of wreckage on the shore, amongst which there was a cask of gin intact, and it they rolled to one of their ambuscades not far off, and then sat down to what swipers call "serious drinking," and drank there until they were unable either to fight or flee, and in that hopeless condition they were pounced upon by a party of soldiers, who, having bound their prisoners hand and foot, sat down to serious drinking themselves, and were soon helpless- ly drunk also. In the meantime Buchan managed to extricate him self froni his manacles, and having released his comrades they bound the soldiers, withdrew the flints from their firelocks and fled, taking a keg of the precious fluid with them. The soldiers managed to stagger back to the settlement and excused themselves the best way they could. Buchan, and his mates were never afterwards heard of, and it is supposed that they perished in a devouring bushfire that nearly overwhelmed the soldiers as they trotted with long faces to the set- tlement. 