Local and General £Neiws, LAND SALD.-Messrs F. Hill & Co. re port having sold on account of Mr Penrose his farm at Knowsley, containing 321 acres,.to Mr Long at a satisfactory price: also having leased for a term of years, on account of Mr James Crowle, Heathcote, 850 acres at a satisfactory rental. LoNDox CABLE.-Dalgoty & Co., Ltd., are advised by cable from their London office that the Company's total consign ments of wool received in London for the year 1897 amount to 107,000 bales ; again piecing them at the head of the list of London wool importers. This position has been occupied by D)algety & Co. for 13 out of the last 16 years. MINING:—Messrs Manton and Speed and other gentlemen interested in the Golden Gully claim visited Bendigo on Monday last and exhibited the specimens reported in our last issue at the Mining Exchange, which attracted some atten- tion. It is the intention of the owners of this claim to form it into a company and work it. DEATH.—Residents of this and the Heathcote district, (states the "Rush worth Chronicle,") will regret to hear that Mrs John. Conrick, of Nuggetty Gully, Rushworth, passed away on Saturday after a long illness. The remains were interred in the Rushworth cemetery on the following afternoon. The service was read by Mr W. F. M'Namara, in the unavoidable absence of Father O'Connell, who was too un- well to undertake the journey from Tatura. Mr Anderson was the under- taker. . IaoNiTIO o05 Pnuos'nionous.-On Monday last' in'. Mr Naylor's premises an iron canister containing phosphorous became ignited through the hot weather. Mr Naylor had been- waiting for a cool day to miake -phosphorised pollard. and had been-keeping the canister filled up with water and tied over and 'covered with 2 separate'lids, but in spite- of the iron and bark roof. over it, it became ignited as stated. -Mr A. Debney with great persanal risk, carried the burning p)Osphorous- out. The premises and adjoining buildings thus had a narrow escape. Mr Naylor lost about £4 worth of phosphorous. :VAoGRANc.--Two yqnng men of the yagrantJlass were ar 'ted on Friday evening Est by Consta o -.anuiacu - .odged in the lock-up on charges of havinig no lawful visible means of sup port and using obscene language. They were brought before Messrs Christie and Farley, J's.P., the following morning and pleaded guilty to having used bad language, but denied the first charge. One of the defendants stated he was hawking jewellery, and the other had just finished harvesting. Constable Jenkin stated the defendants had been in the town since Thursday evening and were a nuisance to the neighborhood, going from one hotel to another cadging beer. Mr Nicholson gave evidence as to the defend ant calling at his hotel and begging beer, and on being refused one of them made use of filthy language and threatened fight. The bench sent the two defend ants to jail for 14 days for vagrancy and 14 days or L2 for obscene language. THIE LATE MI. G. BALMiE.-The chairman pro tern, Mr C. Dolan, at yes terday's Mining Board meeting referred to the death of one of the Reedy Creek members. 1Mr G. Balmer, which took place. on 27th ult. The deceased gentleman, he said, had been connected with the board for many years, and all his colleagues sincerely regretted his death. Hei had always worked well on the, board, and had proved himself an exqellent member. " He hoped that one of deceased'e family would in time gain the position which the father had so worthily occupied. He moved that a letter of condolence be forwarded. to lMr Balmer's widow and family. The motion was carried unanimously. ODDFELLOWs.-The half- yearly meet ing of the Loyal Heathcote .Lodge: was held in the Federal Hall on .Tuesday evening last. P.G. J. Sandy occupied the "clhair. '.The balance- sheet' for, the half-year was'read anid received. : -;The Sick an I Funeral Fund showed receipts, L279 15s:-li1d:: expanditure,'L235 14s, 3d.;: blance I14 1:ls Id;: Total t credit of; this ,tid,Li 41?l,'5.' Medieal anid Management Fund "Receipts:L215 I9s 5d; expenditure, L284 9s.9d.; balance, 19s 8d.. Total to credit of this fund; Li7 10s 5d.. The auditors reported the, accounts correct and recommended a levy of Is.-Received and adopted. The amount of sick pay for the half-year was L76 15s Id. ' 8membdrs had been initiated during past six moiiths, making a total of 120 good on the.books. The officers salaries were fixed at the same as previously. The following officers were elected :-Secretary, Brn. J. Cahill, (re-elected) ; Treasurer, -Bro. D. Wood (re-elected); Auditor. W.'Parker. The minutes having been read and confirmed the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. KLONDYKE.---We are in receipt of the following letter :-Dear Sir,-As an Anustralasian mining man of eighteen years standing, a member of the A. M.A. just returned from the Chilcoot Pass, I desire to point out to fellow workers the following facts:-TlThe reported finds in the Yukon Basin are correct, to get there, the cheapest, quickest and best route is, by the Canadian Australian lino from Sydney to Vanconver, Beitish Columbia, thence per boat to Skagway Bay, and thence over the Chilcoot Pass. There are men in Australia who are advertising San Francisco, Seattle, and Victoria, B.C., to whom do not listen, also turn away from any person or com pany who try to get you to go to Juneau or Skagway Bay. these places are in the United States where one has to pay double for his outfit and from 30 ner cent to 35 per cent additional is added as duty, directly you step into Canada. The gold fields are in Canada and a great mnistake is made if you land else where You should have at least L75 to get to Dawson from Sydndy, as the sunnmer advances it will be cheaper, par ticularly by the all water route from Vancouver, which is long, but cheap, say L30 at thooutsido ; goods per this route will be from L30 per toe down wards, the seasons and competition regulate all prices. Do not leave Aus tralia before first week in February. The above I have learnt iy being on the spot and by speaking to Mr Ogilvie (who surveyed Dawson City and the alluvial claims) andl Mr Softon. Minister of the interior, who ceas sent by the Canadian Government to inspect the different passes. The Agent forCanada in Australasia (J,. S. Larke Esq corner Pitt and Bridge Streets, Sydney,) wil bear me out in the above. A Ross, Member A.M.A. SxtKErS.-These reptiles appear to be very prolific in the Woodstock district, no less than 23 Ieing killed in one uteek on Mr J. S. Cocks's farum, Of this num br 20 were despatlched in the stookls and 3 in the house. W?cV DUCK RIcDuoE.-TIenders were opened at the Shire Council to-day for the construction of a bridge over the Wild Duck Creek near Mrs M'Crae's. Six tenders were sent in the successful onebeing Mr T. Waters at L545 10s 6d. The other tenders were Kilroy Bros., L546; Farrell and Buckland, L485 16s; Riley Bros., L603 4s 4d; T. Sly, LS90 8s; W. Eyre, L7~5 14s 10d. PRIME BULLOCKS.-Mir T. Craven, of Heathcote, who sent a truck of bullocks to Bendigo last week, topped the market there, securing as much as L10 12s Gd per head. THE RABBITr PEsT.--In accordance with the Vermin Destruction Act land owners in the district have been busy destroying the rabbits, by the use of bisulphide of carbon, digging out the burrows or laying poison. As an in stance of wholesale destruction we would mention that Mr W. Watkins manager for Messrs Kearney and Pammenter has just completed the rabbit destruction on 700 acres of land near the town, the rabbits destroyed making the enormous total of 5,027, DEATH.--We are very sorry this week to have to record the death of Mfrs M. Tehan, at North Melbourne on Saturday last. The cause of death was dysentery and diarrhoea with exhaustion following measles, after an illness of 12 days duration. She had only been confined to her bed from the Tuesday previous to her decease. On Wednesday she col lapsed altogether and never afterwards regained consciousness. The excessive heat of the weather was very much against her, and no doubt accelerated her death. Mrs Tehan, who was ite late M r Cahill, school teacher, Too6vi o... She leaves a husband and three children, the youngest 10 months old, to mourn their untimely loss. Much sympathy is felt for them and other relatives, as they were all much attached. FATAL AccIDENT.--A sad and fatal accident happened on Saturday last to an old resident of Baynton East, namely Mr James Ballantyne Don. He had been to Lancefield on horseback and was returning on Saturday. His horse came back riderless, and at about 11 o'clock on Sunday he was found lying on the road about two and a half miles from home by his brother, Mr E. Don, between Mr Kenny's and Rainey's properties. When found he was in an unconscious and dying state, having sus tained a deep wound on the right temple and another on the back of the head. It is supposed that the horse propped as he was cantering along, and threw deceased on to the road. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr Jas. Crowle, J.P., at the residence of the deceased on Monday last, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. Mr Don was 58 years of age and had been a resident of Baynton East for 31 years. He leaves a family of six sons and" one daughter, grown up, Mrs Don having died about two years ago The funeral took place on Monday and was numer ously . attended. The remains were interred in the Heatheote Cemetery, the burial service being read by the Rev. J. A. Crockett. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr Crowle. -THE WEATHER AND BUSH[FIRES. For three days this week another turn of intensely hot weather Was experienced, Tuesday being the hottest, with about 107.in the shade. In Melbourne the day wahsthe hottest experienced for 16 years, the thermometer registering 109 in the shade. High records were also reiched in othet parts of the colony, the highest at Boort, with 116. At Warr nambool, the lowest, the record was only 90. During the afternoon a south wind set in, bringing the smoke from distant bushfires, but also a cool change the thermometer falling about 20 degrees before .sunset. Rain threatened but only a few drops fell. During the night there was thunder at no great distance. To- day the atmosphere is clear, and the temperature cool and refreshing after the excessive heat. Accounts appear in the Melbourne papers of numerous des tructive bushfires in different parts of the colony. Yesterday three fires sup posed to have been started by a traction, engine, occurred on the Murray Road one nar the school, and two on the Mount Camel Estate, one being at the Lady's Pass and the other where the creek comes close to the road just beyond the homestead. The fires were fortunately quickly got under, only a small quantity of grass being consumed at each place, with some chock and log fencing where the first mentioned fire occurred. SUCCESSFUL SALE.--Mr David Sims reports having sold on account of John Wilson Esq., 380acres of Land at Emu Flat Looborac, for L2000 cash, the purchaser being Mr George Wines of Pyalong. There can be no better proof of the confidence in our district than sales of property at such satisfactory prices, and Mr Sims should feel proud of his successes in the sales of property. Mr Wilson is highly pleased and satis fled with the result of his sale. Mm Sims also sold on account of WV. Schultz Esq, Bendigo, 2 acres of land and buil dings atTooborac for L150 cash, ~Mr Win. Harding being the purchaser, 