AMONGST CHUROHES. ' WESLEYAN. RA.uvcsr Thanksgiving services were held in-this church on Sunday 'last. The'edifice was beautifully decorated with'various kinds of fruit, vegetables aoddeoreals. -A table in front of the pulpit was. artistically piled with most luscious fruits, while the foreground of the church was decorated with sheaves of oats, which had for ai'ontro-pieco an immense loaf of wheaten bread, crowned with 'a b.rley loaf. Fruits, vcgetab'es, cheese, bsgs. of fliiur and meal, pot plants, scythes, rakes, sickles, hay forks,: etc., were artistically displayed in pretty des.gns, the whole combining to make a very pleasing sight. The Rev.'V. Y. Blackwcell preached in the in thlie morning, and in the afternoon gave an intereresting discourse, which he termed an. "object lesson," on the fruits'with which he was surrounded. In the evening Mr E. Adcock, who delivered an eloquent sermon from Psalm, cxvii., 8: ".O that man would praise the Lord for all His goodness, for his wonderful works to the children of men !" The preaclher said that men often forget to thank God for the bless ings; man would often get more if lie praised God for.what lie received. - lHe ^(the speaker). acknowledgad that the theme of.' his discourse was great -- ,be ru n:~'?comprehenssen '7 a's great love. His- wonderful works, as displayed around them ! What a subi ject! aGd had given us this wonder ful grain; which enters into man's sys tem, building it up and fitting him for duty. God not only wanted our thanks but he wanted ourselves to be wholly His. Just look at the evidences of His love to us in giving us these bless ings in the harvest field ! There we realised that man's helpless and God's helpfulness met. He caused the sun to rise on the evil and the good, on the just and on the- unjust; nature is but an instrument, a name for her God. This great dumb.. world of ours but waited to do our bidding; just take one grain and put in the ground, and see'the result-for had not God said, " While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest shall not cease." There is neverfamine in two countries at the sanie time. There was famine in Canaan, but corn in Egypt; there was famine in India, but corn in Great Bri tain; and the same Jesus who fed five thdusand with five barley' loaves and two small fishes, feeds us still. We sow the seed and wait for the harvest; but in spite of that fact., Ho taught us to pray, " Give us this day our daily bread." We are to ask our Father to give us our bread. Our food comes out of the ground, and the wheat and bread is an evidence of God's love. He (the preacher) loved that part of the Church of England service that said. "We thank thee for creation, pre seriation, but most of all for Thy in estimable love in the gift of Thy Son, Jesus Christ." It is- said, " Whatso ever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." There is . a lot of spiritual ploughing and self-renunciation, but if the seed is right it does not matter about the sower. God said, "My word shall not return unto Mle void, but it shall accomplish that thing whereto I sent it," and by and bye the great har vest thanksgiviug will -be held in heaven amidst, eternal rejoicin:g. The 'rhinhi. conicluded by, an adnjuration to.his hearers to- so order tleir: lives as to enable them to participate in that glorious festival. During the servico two anthems, "Ye shall dwell in the land," and "O, come, let us.sing to the Lord," were rendered by the choir, under the able conductorship of Mr Salt, Miss Jones presiding at the organ. The fruit, vegetables, etc, which formed the decorations were. sold on Monday evening, the proceeds being devoted to the Gippsland Bush-fires Relief Fund. The amount realised was 1Ss. 