COUNTRY NEWS, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) GLADSTONE, Jan. 15. Our little township has been very quiet: since the Christmas holidays, many men being idle. This is the driest season within the memory of the oldest inhabitants; in fact, during the past season we never had a really good downpour of rain, and those who are depending on storm waters have had a bad time of it. The Portland gold mine, which shut down before Chrirstmas, has not resumed operations. It is to be hoped that when they do start a thorough system of testing the mine will be adopted, and its hidden wealth revealed as soon as possible. A mine which has had a net return from stone sent away of £10 per ton is surely worth quickly and thoroughly developing. Bushfires are the order of the day, but very little damage has been done here. The Boobyalla Road Trust held its monthly meeting at Pioneer on Wednesday last, when Messrs. J. Galloway (chairman), J. Simpson, T. Beswick, J. Thompson, and Alf. Hardman were present. The usual routine business was gone through. No report was received from the overseer, as he was too busy looking after the fires on the road. The work in the vicinity of Mr. T. Beswick's farm is completed, and the overseer had commenced getting timber for culverts on the back road to farms of Harrison and others. He was instructed to do one week's work on the Branxholm back road under the supervision of Mr. Alf. Hardman, and then to complete work as instructed at the last meeting. Accounts to the amount of £19 were passed for payment. The meeting then sat as a Main Road Board. After the routine business a discussion took place as to the state of' the bridges at Moorina and Derby. Ultimately Mr. Simpson moved; and Mr. Beswick se conded-"That the overseer be instruc ted to prepare an exhaustive report of the condition of both bridges, to be laid before the next meeting of the Trust." The Board then rose. LONGFORD, Jan. 19. Messrs. L. Archer, J. F. Anderson, and A. Whitfeld, Js.P., presided at the Police Court to-day. John Cruse pleaded guilty to having allowed water to run to waste in his garden, and was fined 5s, with 7s 6d costs.-Law rence McIntyre pleaded not guilty to a 1 similar' charge, but from the evidence of the superintendent of waterworks and Constable Ward, was found other wise, and fined 10s (second offence), with 7s 6ld costs. (Mr. Whitfeld re tired; and the Warden took a seat on the bench).-Ellen Matthews, 30, was upon the medical testimony of Dr. Haines, ordered to be sent to the hospital for the Insane at New Nor folk.-Ruby Matthews, seven, was or dered to be sent to the department for neglected children at Hohart.-A pro hibition order was granted against a resident of Perth. The sale by Messrs. H. Herd and Co. at the Prince of Wales Hotel to-day was well attended, and good prices realised. The billiard table by Aycock, with cues, marking board, etc.,. was knocked down at £80. STRAHAN, Jan. 17. Among the matters brought before the Attorney-General (the Hon. D. C. Urquhart), on his recent visit to the West Coast, was the subsidising of a steamer or launch to take prospecting parties provisions, tools, etc., to Birch's Inlet. If a prospecting party took a boat, and left it even in a se cure position, the chances were that on their return they would find it gone. It was pointed out that Mr. Grinning would take his launch down weekly for a subsidy of £4 if the Go vernment would consent to this. There were several parties out between Birch's Inlet and Port Davey, which was a mineral country, and other par ties would follow if there were means of obtaining their supplies at Birch's Inlet. After several gentlemen pre t__________________ sent had spoilen strongly in: favour of the matter the Attorney-General said he would see what could be done on his return to Micbart. Others matters of importance to the district,. including a reduction in liiilway frights, better station acccmmodiation at Stralian, and the removal of the Custom House, were fully laid before the Minister, who thanked the deputation, and assured them that he would look fully into their wants. The question of subsidising a weekly service to either Itelly's Basin or Birch's Inlet, the former being 20 minhes- from Strahan, anki the latter 23 miles, is d'eserving of attention by the Government,. as two or tliree sectibne taken up would fully recoup the Go vernment.for the outlay, and it is very probable that scores of sections would be applied fop-, as thist portida of the coast is- lcekww to abound' li' millerals. SHBFFIELD;. Jin.. 19. The annual meeting of the Loyal Rose of Sheffield, I.O.O.F., M.U., was held recently in the lodge-room, over forty members being present. The usual lodge' busineds and, election of officers took place. Bros James Hus band was elected N.G., Bro. A. Wilson V.G., and Bro.. W: Jeffrey' re-elbeted secretary for the ensuing sitting; The lodge has made very good progress for the last 12 months, having made 21 members in that' time. Thete. are now on the lodge books 60 benefit members, seven honorary . members, and 11 members of other lodges: The sum of £96 was paid for sick pay and medibal attendhtuce for the yeaer. At the aannual meeting of the Shef field Horticultural Society in the Ro land Hall the oalance-sheet was read, showing that about £ 97 had passed through the books for the last year, and that the society had a credit bal ance of £36 in' thebank: The patrons for the year were re-elected, viz., Hons. J. H. McCall, M.L.C., and J. Henry, M.IHA., Messrs. H:. MTurray; M.IL.A. John Hope, and James York; presi dent, Mr. C. F. Henry; vice-presidents, Mrs. Dr. Davis and Mr. Wm. Jeffries. The committees were elected, the male one remaining as before, while the ladies' is as 'follows:-Mrs. Morris, Misses Mason, Acklin, G. Coleman, and Barwise. Several new rules- were adopted. it was decided to hold the show on the last Wednesday in April. Mr. Henry's special prize of a10, fbr' farm' proditce, was4 discussed:. Mr. Coleman objected to other thae the committee -apportioning funds' for prizes, special or otherwise. If the committee could not be trusted to ap portion £10' it should not bei trusted with £1. The proper channel for prize money to come was through-the shew committee, and it was a reflection on the members for Mr. Henry to ap poelt outsiders tro- apportion the £10. Mr. Jones objected-to the remarks of Mr. Coleman, and'a passage at arms took place between the two members. Eventually it was decided to apportion the amount to six prizes. TUNBRIDGE, Jan. 19. Last week the annual picnic in con nection with the Presbyterian Sunday school was held. The' teacher;. assisted by a fdw very energetic friends, worked assiduously and'- unitedly, and' a very pleasant day was spent, all seeming to thoroughly enjoy themselves. The weather was much cooler than it has been' of' late. On Sunday. the same school held its anniversary service. A lot of people are visiting the Lakes this summer. The road now is in splendid order, and the climate there is so much cooler that many people are glad to go to escape the extreme heat we have been experiencing of late. The crops here are almost a failure, and in some Instances hardly worth cutting, so our farmers are not having a very bright time. 