BREVITIES. • » Park. Cariion. Council. Cave Canem. Health officer. Odors of Avaby, Inspector of Nuisances. Postponed funeral obsequies. Now industry established iu Chiltern. Southern portion of the park turned into a scont farm. Weather favorable for wafting the exhala < ti-jna onward. Death of Mr Weare, an old resident, on Friday afternoon. R. C. Church extension opened at Rutherglen on Sunday. Sermon preached by one of the Redemptorist Fathers on the occasion. Church improvements &t; Chtftem slaw —from carpet to ceiling I Fortune tellers getting rounded tip. in Melbourne. Prosecutions started. Tyranny this ! Some of us wouldn't be here to-day only foç some ofte or otfer of these inspired creature^, ad^isçd us to go forth and prosper ! According to. Melbourne fortune-tellers the best month in which to get married is October. Chiltern girls, bear this in mind if ever the cfaance com.es round your way. Divorce.granted a fellow named RiJdle in Sydney, bccauae of the cruelty of his wife. After failing to gouge his eye out with a corkscrew she fixed up his beauty for life with carbolic acid. Commander Pascoe, R.N;., gone on his lest cruise—either to the so,uth. polç. oç tropical regions. .Pçepty regwtfced. Responsible for the introduction of steamships to Australia* His father fought with Nelson at Trafalgar. Died at ripe old age of 81.' Goulbourn Valley farmers determined to get a good payable price for their wheat. Robbed by the millers, who get all the profits, they say. Qoing to ship their wheat to England. " (Jet rid of the surplus, and. we command the-local mAiket,"- is their motto. Her Majesty's battleship, Yictogipus floated off at Port Said where she. bad gone ashore. Off to China at once " to. shadow the Russian cruiser," which appears to be her sole mission to the East. At Cobram and Yarrawonga Mnpray lower than it has been for 40 years. Cattle crossing over " on their own," thus evading the Border duties. As customs officers couldn't collect the tax had to drive them back. I^PM of wheat crossed the bed of the Murray Dy a bullock team, at Cobram a few days back. Since the l*te rams, however, no attempt to repeat this unusual feat has been máde by even the most reckles bullock driver. Mr J. Dennistoun Wood, an old politician, and formerly a crown law officer leaves Melbourne for Tasmania, where he takes up. his permanent abode. Clever man in bis day. Little heard of in latter years. -Sad fate at the end of his life having to settle in Tasmania. New development at the law courts. When . Chinese presented, nationality must be proved To prove a Chinaman's nationality it must be shown that both parents were Chinese. Impossible task in our law. courts. Chinese j likely, to have a. life of exemption from, all pains and penalties heecéf&rth.; Federal Convention sits at night hence* forth. Beginning to push on matters with a litrle vigour at last. Tuesday and Ifccysday receptions of lady delegatesses will be abandoned henccforth on the interests of federated Australia. Applications called fpr the-position of metallurgist to the Victoria» Government. Scçew £800 a year without" perks." Appíicaats must have a thorough knowledge óf the treatment of tailings, and be familiar with all the processes including cyanide and chlorination. This i.o a step in the right direction at last*. Queens Prize wo» last week by Mr E. Saker of the Melbourne Rifle Club. This is the second time Saker has annexed the covctcd prize. Carried off the honor before iii 1895. The fiuish unusually exciting this year. Won by 7 points only, and in competition with the Bjslcy heroes too. Red spider playing old Harry with the hop industry in the Ovens and, King River districts this year. The crop this year one of the most disappointing on record:" The young plantations the most fortunate. ~ Potato crop in the Warrnambool district the lowest for the past 20 years. Won't average more than 2 tons to the acre. Potato, famine in. prospective. State Schools going to make a record in the way of collections. Have started in aid of the GippsUnd. sufferers. Only four of the Carlton Schools: yet handed in their lists of subscriptions, fieom- the little sympathisers. Total amount from, these four £llG-7&l;,Qd,. And this is only the beginning. Chiltern awake! Over £8000 already collected towards the bush-fires fund r and money still flowing in like water. Every mean hovel, every obscure village, every insignificant town sends its mite in the fulness of lis sympathy—every place but Chiltern ! Chiltern heard they had enough, before the firos had half done raging, and Chiltern buttoned up its breeches pocket and went on its way rejoicing and singing « halleluiah 1 halleluiah.!!" Field Barrett,, the weU-known Solicitor and a prominent, figure in the directorate of the. A. N. A., was committed for trial on last Friday foe the alleged retention of a client'» raonoy. Supposed to be stolen money too.' Belonged to an inmate of Her Majesty's goal at the time. A number ofi Federal. Convention delegates visited St. Patrick'* cathedral on Friday* Shown, over the building and expressed- admiration of its beauty and elegance Dined with, the Archbishop on Monday night. Education Department notifies that 5th' . ajj4 6th class Royal Readers will be discontinued- after the first of July. School papers used instead. West Australian Government going to adopt Victorian School papers also. No. sympathy due to West Australia for the awful affliction it has voluntarily. courted. SchooL papers. % gen.eeally rotten seí&ction.; 