THE FLEETING HOUR. A San Francisco millionaire lias been sen tenced to 24 hours' imprisonment for spitting in the street cars. From a single Alaskan mine lias been taken more gold, it is said, than equals the price— £2,000,000—for whioh the United Stales bought Alaska from Russia 31 years ego. The drought is reporled to have broken up at Alice Springs, orer Sin. of rain having been reoorded, while all tbe creeks are flooded, and it is still raining. The rivers question is elill engaging the attention of the Federal Convention, but the prospect of a satisfactory settlement is ut present not over bright. By the new mail arrangements, which came into force on Tuesday, the transport of letters between Brindisi and Adelaide will only occupy a little over 28£ days, as against S2£ days under the old contract. Another provincial journal has made appearance—the Yorketown Pioneer. The new sheet is at present about the size of a large table-napkin, but it may grow, and we wibIi it suooess. Tbe gfeat. trial cf 20^brigands .itTspb&is;* ehalc, Servio, which began in October, lias ut length bean concluded, six chiefs being con demned to death and 66 others sentenced to various terms of imprisonment. Further terrible bushfires have ocourred in Gippsland (Vio.), eclipsing even the frightful experiences of Blaok Thursday. Several townships bavo been totally destroyed, and the residents in other places are fightin g for their lives. The death of the City Treasurer followed quickly on that of the Town Clerk. Mr. Fabian, who died on Monday, was, like the lately-deceased Mr. Worsnop, an officer of whom Adelaide had reason to feel proud, and the city has sustained a loss by the death of two such able men within a week of one another. Duelling on tlie Continent continues to be as healthy a pastime as ever. Of the 1810 fire-eaters who exchanged pistol-shots or sword-thruste on the "field of honor" in Italy last year only, one yield.al up his breath on the spot, although five others eventually eucoumbod to their injuries, while 807 enoounters terminated without blood being shed. Evidently the only real remedy for the Adelaide Hospital trouble (writes tho Bulletin) is to burn the Hospital to the ground and Back everybody connected with it, and dissolve Parliament, and hare a new Government, and shift the S.A. capital to Port Augusta. If all these tilings are done, and a law is passed that any allusion to the old heartrending scuffle shall be visited by a fine of £100 and floggings, there might be peaoe in the land. Otherwise the grand children of the present Hospital crowd will be keeping up the row as gaily as ever in 1950. Trouble may arise between the United States and Canada over the Klondyke gold fields. ' American miners hove refused to pay the duties imposed by the Canadian Govern ment and have produced offioiul documents to ■how that the fields are in the Stales terri tory. Canada denies the accuracy of (he oharts and is determined to enforce the pay ment of the duos. Hundreds of men are re ported to be enenmped on the banks of the Yukon in a destitute condition. From Win nipeg comes the news of another rich field on the Hay and Buffalo Rivers. An awful lynching affair, characterized by diabolioal cruelty, is reported from Glondora, Mississippi. A negro named Joe Hopkins had murdered two managers of plantations, and wild excitement prevailed in the district when it became known' that tbe public bad decided to lynch him. Die wretch was dragged beneath ca convenient tree and de tained while a large heap of, dry wood and faggots wo's collected and plaoed on the ground immediately under the limb from which it was intended he should be hanged. Hopkins's arms and legs were tied, and lie was then suspended head downwards over the pile of firewood and burnt to death as he swung. Both whites and blaoks assisted at the lynching. 