Other Products. Not only has wheat suf fered in the present sea son, but fruit is very scarce as compared with the ordinary records, and the jam manufacturers will find their output seriously reduced. The general consumer, too, has much difficulty in se curing good, luscious fruit even in the best BhopB, while the hawkers' barrows have been far less tempting in appearance than usual during the holiday season, and the export to Broken Hill, to West Australia, and to England must show a very considerable diminution. It is no consolation either to the buyer to learn that the other colonies are sb badly off as ourselves in this respect, and that Tasmania even has been roasted by the sun and scorched by destructive bush fires, although, at present, no great harm has been done. Much anxiety is felt, too, concerning the coming grape crop, which in some districts has suffered severely by the lack of moisture, and it is possible that unless a refreshing and fostering shower falls within the next few weeks, the grapes will be more shrivelled and less juicy than either the winemaker or the general consumer cares to see. The wine industry is now becoming so important to South Austra lia that a set back, such as would result from even a partial failure with the grape harvest would be a serious thing both to vignerons and the country at large. It is satisfactory to know, on the authority of Mr. Perkins, the Viticultural expert, that in many localities the wine-producing qualities of the grapes is distinctly im proving, and there is no doubt that, as recently - planted vines come into bearing, this quality will be more and more noticeable. In the matter of feed for stock, this season shows a very marked advance on the sad experiences of a year ago, although it will be long before the losses suffered by pastoralists, graziers, and farmers in that terrible time will have been made good. Hairy factories too, are far less active than they would like to be, owing to the difficulty of procuring sufficient milk of a high stan dard, and butter and cheese will be less plentiful than they ought to be in conse quence. With all these facts staring them in the face, it is strange that the Legis lative Council. should nave thrown out the motion in favor of - the construction of the Bundaleer water scheme, but it is «ome satisfaction to know that the Government have been authorised to go on with other works of a similar character, which in some districts, at least, will render the residents indepen dent of all but very exceptionally dry sea sons. It is pleasing to hear, too, that there is a better chance of theGawler Plains Irrigation Scheme being brought to a successful issue now than there was a few months ago. Only by judicious water conservation in suitable districts can the producers of South Australia hope to stand up against such seasons as hose which have'just followed each other so disastrously during the last few years. 