Here, There and Everywhere. Qualified persons, desirous, of hav ing their names placed upon the electoral rolls are reminded that to day (December 1st) is the last day on which electors' rights can he ob tained. Council meeting on Monday. The annual- licensing court for the district sits at Tungamah on Wed nesday next. The double train service to and from Cobram commences today. A party of Numurkah residents visited the river on Sunday, on a fish ing excursion. No big naulB were recorded, Owing to the death of a relative, I the proprietor of the Canadian hotel, '' Seymour, .receives a legacy of £10,000. The liquor question iB simply " What'll you have." Rev J W. Crean is at present en- joyinga well-earnedholiday in Sydney When out tof repair, send your watches, jewellery, &c; , to W. Rohner, Cobram # A fire broke out in the stable of the Tungamah hotel on Saturday evening last, but vfas extinguished before any damage was done. .Bloomers do not make a girl look short, bntthey make a man look long. A nugget, valued at £10,000, has been unearthed at Klondyke. Chief Justice Way says that Bishop Tliornton's address is " an injustice to Australian national character." Everything comes to him who waits, but you are likely to get more if you hustle about while you wait N S.W. Customs authorities have discovered that the teetotal beverage hop-beer contains over 2 per cent of alcohol 1 Several stockowneiB were fined heavily at the Albury court on Mon day for having unbranded sheep in their possession, and travelling stock without the necessary permit. The meeting of the Barooga Race Club, to have been held on Saturday last, lapsed for want of a quorum. Through being overthrown by a dog at South Melbourne, a cyclist named Murray had the base of his skull fractured. Fish is a good brain food, but it does seem a pity in some cases to waste so much fish The wind at Cobram on Friday last was extraordinarily strong in places, and blew down portions of the old school-house and Post Office chimneys, and overturned a fence. A young woman named Mabel Chambers met with a horrible death on Monday — another victim to the dangerous practice of using kerosene in lighting a fire. Rodney Shire Council has voted £100 to the Mooroopna Hospital. Mr H. Tuck's Cobram. Stock Sale takeB place to-day. When other people spend money in a way that we don't they are ex travagant, and when they don't spend money in a way that we do they are stingy. Messrs J. McNamara and Co. will hold their usual fortnightly stock sale at Katamatite on Monday, W. Koopman, a lad employed by Mr Fred Dixson, of Cobram, fractured his arm by a fall from a cart on Tues day last. A bush-fire has been burning for the past two days in the river bends, about a mile below the town. The Dookie annual race meeting has been fixed for 8th February It's a long lane that has no p ;iv house. A public meeting was he!.1 Tocumwal on Tuesday night to t'o a railway league to agitate for i- : way connection with the Vict system. 