[?] ? o Lord Hampden ia at present touring - the Southland Lakes district in W.Z, A verdict of accidental death has been returned at the iDqairy into the recent Mort's Dock fatalities. At the Auchlnnd Caledonian sports, an Tuesday, Skinner oatablishsd a ne ff Australasian hammer-throwing record, bhe distance covered being 137ft. 9in. A bushfire in the Southland' (N.Z.) . district destroyed 14 houses at Round bill mining township. The remainder of the settlement waa saved with great difficulty. The damage is estimated at £3000. News from West Africa states that the great Mahomedan chief Somory has withdrawn from the Kong country, over which the ^French claim to oxercisa a protectorate. Sir Horace Tozer, Home Sccrotary, responding to the toast of his health at Dunwich (Q), on Monday definitely an nounced his intention of accepting the Agency-General of that colony. The Paris ' Temps ' states that the Marchend expedition, which was recently reported to have been massacred at Bahr cl:Ghazal, in the Upper Nile region, was safe on September 17. The forco under M. Liotard has ocenpied Bahr-el-Ghazal and has a strong basis for advance. From the Gold Coast oE Africa it is reported that the British occupation o[ Bona, which is claimed to be within the French territory, has been firmly estab lished by a forco under Major S. O. ? Jenkinson. The Premier has arranged to visit Mudgeo and deliver addresses there to night, and on Thursday at Gulgong. Mr. Smith, Minister for Mines, and Mr. Cook, Postmaster-General, have been invited to accompany him. A. party of 60 miners has arrived at Victoria, British Columbia, from the Yukon River goldfields. They report that there is sufficient food at Dawson City, the centre of the fields, for the re quirements of the inhabitants during the remaining winter months only. Four thousand persons now remain in Dawson City. The British Amalgamated Society of Engineers haB agreed to hold a private conference with a few of the employers ; it is now considered probable that the men will consent to return to work on the terms formerly existing. The British Government Las de cided to reorganise the Uganda (South Afrioti) Rifles, in connection with which regiment the War Office authorities recently issued in urgent call for volun teers. Major Trevor P. B. Ternan. the Deputy Commissioner and Consul in Uganda, is visiting London, and will return to British East Africa with 20 officers appointed to the regiment. There is Jstill further trouble in con nection with the Adelaide Hospital. Half-a-dozen narses have now resigned, owing, it is alleged, to dissatisfaction over the appointment oE Miss Graham as anperintendent of nurses. Miss Graham, whose name was prominently before tho public at the time of tho original dispnte over the appointment of Miss Gordon, recently succeeded Miss Lane who retired, The following team has beea selected to represent South Australia against New South Wales in the match com* mencing at the Adelaide Oval on Fri day next : — George Giffen, C. Hill, J. Darling, E. Jones, J. J. Lyons, J. M'Kenzie, J. JReedmon, F. Joryid, A. E. H. Evans, T. Drew, W. F. G;fEen, and A. E. Peters as emergency. The autocar ha3 found its way into the hunting field, of course, in France, where riders do not take any risks. The ordinary French run is on level ground with as few obstacles as possible } if the autocar joins the English hounds it will have to learu to jump. However, when tho Duchess d'Uzes with her pack was recently hunting the stag in tho Forest oE Dourdan, M. Picot, an ardent sportsman on wheels, contrived to follow the chase and be in at the death on board a ; six horse-power phaeton. M. Perier fils, on tho same occasion, fol lowed the run from start to finish on a petroleum tricycle. New York 'Mining Journal' has this to say of Klondyke :— As a field for tho investment of capital the' necessary ele ments of safoty are everywhere lacking. The rich diggings ore in narrow and irrogular channels, the quantity of pay gravel very smal.1, and little or no know lodge exists as to the actual value of any particular property. There is, from tho very conditions of the case, practically no demonstrated ' ore in sight,' and it is quito needloss to say, what overy engineeer knows, that in very irregularly rich ground it is absolutely necessary, as a foundation for invest ment, that -much exploration work and specific knowledge of tho quantity and 1 avorago yield of the pay gravel should be had before estimatos of values of gold contained in suoh property can bo worthy , of any confidence. 