Through the Laidley and Gatton Bistricts. <Br Our TlssVsIs s REPsBSaSac'rsVs) On the 9th of August I started for a trip through the above districts. On nearing os ewood evidences were not wantingol the disas trous effects of the bushfire recently repo ted through these columns. Fences had the appearance of having been severely treated, and She reaidents who were vicrhn ieed by the unwelcome visitor must be considerable lsers. In one place I noticed thbs a lew of the logs in thoroad-way were completely beret out, leaving very ugly holes. It is w matter for congratulation that the fire did. not cross the road, as, bad it dose so, it isn hard to say what damage might have reaenhed, Time goes on, and still no one seomn inclined tea move in a practlssl way in th matter off'snew bridge over the Bremer-River at tbch Seven-mile. The eseeent str.nscre is in am absolutely dange-oss condition. It is oa the main, road, nod it seemseto be the general opinion of thons- eoncerned'that the Bkards moat interested ought e do snmething to the bridge (ead to the road) to make ittrafficable. Followig the Toowoomba line along from Rosewoed, the Ca!*ert State School (pre sided ovecby Mr. JM.Vowatt) is gsined. At Gresdchester tie Roman Catholic de nomination are the pessesnore of alto? little church. Mir. C. J. C-eutner runs tke Grand cheater Ijtel, and also a geneseli store. The State Sehool is under the able super. vision of IS. T. D. Og. The Grandehester Co-operative Creamery Company ins 'live affair." M. n. Leneha,'isthbaransnr, and he receivee' 150 gallons-of milk per day from fifoeerr- epplieren. An Atphastopbine separator is in use, anddacapable ofeputtieg through 150 kallons pen hour. The cream is sent to the-North Ipswich Butter thencry, the authorities of which have given, the preatest satisfaction th. shheOraohaster company. An average price of.44.4. per gallon was given last o bnth.- It is. the intention of tie. company to retail gasceries in the course of a few weeks. Mr. H1i 0. Simpson has a Imend- seprator in'ue.u .put ting through -eo:?pstity of the lasteol' flubS daily. From Sa-anchester to Laidley, oneer the range, is a distance ogbesween- fonreasd five miles, bu,osn acounotof the badastate of the road, veiieolaf tramb, if the driters value their neclte,has to geroand by 6itten Vale, a dietaune of sbout. seventeen ,miles. This is asking sthter too nameh, anclreit is said that it wo'lti be a good move en.the part of the Boad- interested i 'they, wousd have the range rcsa repairos _aidley is a progressive townshipt, and boniness, for tlis time of n?a year .ia-firly brisk. There at smne .ne business, es teblishments hore, but they are too well known to reqgira description. Me' B. Holdaway is its oharge of the Laidley-Jdorth State school. '2he Schooli of-Arts tibreay a very goad colleotion of-volnmes. an Ctoelic, Anglisan, Methodist, sbyteries, donominit>ns -are rogre y churohea. Laiddey.is the oestse a and u.h larmingldisrinct, and the authoott'es-are kertp very bhsy- in sore. he?e.railway. yasde bane re beon snob impeoued by being but produoers and others stilbs serious dieasdvantsge in that titers ilfcient shatter accosnmedatioo,. The issioner would enn, the gr-tit-de large ntmber cf" people if he this miter attended. to. Fnroa y I took a ou?, up saidley soon rWeOhing the Lsdley. South -chool, whih is prsestdd ovenrbt. Mr. an. It issery pleosaet ridingcin this on. The road, which.i-ifairly level nod, rnes .besweens the Little .jsor ega on the left and the Laidloy Creek nether range on the right, aol some t scenery is toboseen. At Mr'Grath'a ng, or- Bsrnside, about- nine miles Laidley, Mr. ,I. ineleir.-hsbe a hotel re. Mt. C. J; Steymeor. presides over umaid. State. ashool,. and Mr. P. th has the care of the post-office. ing up-what is.ecalled the-south side creek I proceeded onswerds as far as oruton State school, whiih is under ervisien of Mr.M: OConnnor. Whilst district I spent a- plesosmt evening r. H. Clark and family. Near by ,Hodges mausages a-lsnd-milk-sepa. orthe Mtodel Dairy Company. There n-or three etall creameries between sand Thoeston. Fnoma the Thorn. tel ' crossed the-eseek, and corn he -ester- side to. Ilidety, passing a number of private holdings, which the healthy exercise- of dropping and upslip-nails innumterable. fellowisag day I took a run throug. mm, nearly as far- up as the Mouct tan Prolisiona s ,hoo, of which Miss the daughter of Mr. S. Lewis, the led head of theSndy Gallop Lountio ,has thse oversfiht. Mr. H.. S. , has charge of tie Blenheise State l?opposite wh-ic oar Methodist friends church. A tle miles farther on, the slut Co-oporative Dairy Company oreavmery which has been in the com possession about four montli. At about 70 gallons of milk are received 17 suppliers. This in treated by .val soparator with a eapacitq of 140 per hour, and a 2-h.p. boiler. Mr. P. Carew is the manager. The BlenheIm district is somewhat of scrubby nature. There is no doubt as to the adaptability of the Laidley district for farming, and the sgriculturistson the wbole, seem to be a well to do lot. There are some really fine resi dences to be seen in the two directions which I followed up. Just now rain is very badly wanted ; everything seems to be esceedingly dry, and many of the farmers have to cart water a considerable distance. A great pro portion of the late crop has been a failure- eacepting potatoos. Those who were lucky erEough to have a crop of those tubers have dose very well by them. It is to be won dared that dairying is not more eotensively engaged in. Many of the farmers depend solely on their crops, whereas, in the deiry ing hndustry, there is always an amount of certainty of returns. (To te sonfinsced.) 