? THFEE is a missing-friends agency in London THERE which calls is am S itself ^ ONLS h e i r restorer." BOM'LEE^ M'KIBBIN is an embryo lawyer. He should/be /effective in bowling out perjured witoesee?:..- 7 'EMPEROR WILLIAM OF GERMANY always speaks contemptuously of his English relatives as " My mother's friends." ANOTHER motto for test players, suggested by M'Leod's successes: " He who plays and runs away may live to play another day." WHEN Boulder Bill Brookman left school and entered the University of Adelaide he maintained himself by making up tradesmen's books in the evenings. SIR THOMAS M'ILWRAITH promises to return to Queensland with a view to clearing himself of some of the obloquy attaching to his name in connection with the Queensland National Bank scanclal. But the old warrior is broken in health as well as in pocket, and in the present condition of public opinion in the northern province he mil doubtless find that he has undertaken a Sisyphean tisk. AUCKLAND LAWYER TBEO. COOI-ER, wlio started as a printer's devil and ascended or descended from "cas-t" to cases, is alleged in Maoriland to be a " cert." for the next Supreme Court judgeship in the land of tlie AJoa. A suuoKriAN lady, somewhat advanced, made a funny little error the other day. " If I were young again," she said, " I would never marry —never, and I would bring up my daughters in the same way of thinking." As imported English Socialist, who " went up like-a ro ket and came down like the stick," recently stated that he was sick of "tliis beastly hole,' and was only saving up eno^h money to take himself away from it. THE dowager Duchess of Cleveland is coming to Australia from Ind a, where she has been collecting botanical specimens. Rare flowers are the hobby of the duchess, and she comes to the antipodes in tbe hope of being able to add to her store of quaint flowers. IN the street Actor-Author- Manager Wilson Barrett is strikingly like Actor-Author-Manager Charrington, husband of JanetAchurch. The leading critic, George Bernard Sha,w, wrote the other day, by-the-bye, that Miss Achurch is the finest living English actress. A siaa and Lag-experienced official who has had splendid opportunities of knowing declared the o:her day that the present moral and social tone of Australian Vice-regal establishments is lower than it iu has been for years. ^ He went ""Tw-w, on to say that he would notbe surprised^ ^ of^a^aokn^emptionof any one of the active gubernatorial volcanoes. SOMEBODY has called it the Testy Match. THE "two lovely black eyes" bestowed upon an Australian Vice-regal appendage the other day by an irate husband was the chief topic of club gossip last week. BARNEY BABNATO, the late South African multimillionaire, rather fancied himself as an amateur actor. He used to play the Admiral in "Blackeyed Susan," the "SpitaUMds Weaver," and Colonel Poindexter in " The Octoroon." So have all great men their little weaknesses. MR. W. H. JONAS, who is to meet Mr. Jacobsen for the chess championship of Australia, is said to be a bit "out of form." A chess champion out of form! Possibly he has too much weight on, and is a bit soft. However, with persistent use of the dumb-bells and the punching-ball, he expects to be as fit as a fiddle again in a few days. The reader may think it absurd to have to " strike form" for a chess contest, but the writer knows how exhausting it is—he has seen a chess champion put up a large full tumbler fifteen times in the course of one game. PEEMIEH TURNER'S habit of working in HIS shirt-sleeves is a frequent cause of shock to starched and dignified visitors from England, Tbe latest to get curled up by it was Sir Ealph Thomson, the Koyal Mint Commissioner. Hfc surprised the free-and-easy Sir George mmuehot], coat -and vest, and was met- with an offbunj, " Wait a second, old cbap, and I'll put my eoat on?" Sir Ralph, who is decorum and dignity personified, made a stately inclination of his head, but an elevation of his eyebrows gave a hint as fa his thoughts. , A Vic. M P. tel's this snake yarnTalking about snake^, they're very intelligent, aren't they ? I remember < nee when I was working oi. a mining field up Beechworth way, I lived in & hut, and of an evening after work used to sit before the fire reading. Presently it struck me that I was continually losing my tobacco while in this position. I would fill a pipe before starting to read, you know, and slip the plug into my vefct pocket, and then I nerer saw that pine again. It was very curious, and I could not account for it in any way, but one night when tbe plug was rather big and fitted tightly in the pocket, I felt a tug at it, and looking down discovered a small black snake picking my pocket." ACCORDING to an English paper, John Burns recently declared that the British engineers were in their fight displaying inore true pluck and spirit than the bravest Br tish soldiers had ever exhibited. Strike up the brass band:— Sometalk of the Six Hundred and some of , ^terlop, Q [ W e l i i n g t (^ a J l d Koberts, with Cock-a-doodlel" doo; Btit ,6f.all jthe world's great heroes there's not one worth £ be^r ^Except the b/a^est of the b ave, the British -enginMrrl ' No doutbti THE Rev. Nat. Kinsman, the marriage specialist of Fitzroy, has had an accident happen 10 him, and business is accumulating in an appalling manner whilst he is laid up. The liev. Nat., whilst hastening to open the door to a pair of patrons seeking to be tied, fell heavily. However, the good man stuck to his post and heroically married the couple. Afterwards he discovered that he had broken his leg. This interesting little item will serve to give the regular clergy an idea of the sort of man they have to compete with. The man who is to active m pushing his business that he breaks his leg in rushing to attend to his customers, and then does the job for them in spite of his injuries, is a real hustler, and we cannot wonder at the fact that he marries more (people than any other parson in Australia. Still PUNCH has heard one of the people express a most uncharitable wish on reading of Nat's accident: "I wish to heaven he'd broke his bloomin' neck when hurryin' up to marry me" said this bad man. B AN.TITSINH JI complains almost bitterly of the unfairness of our barrackers. The Prince is exceedingly thin skinned for a sportsman. He isonly a young sportsman, it is true, but he has been at tbe game long enough to have learned better. As a matter of fact, the crowd that witnessed the last test was as -fair and reasonable an assemblage as a player could wish to meet. Storer was the only man of the English Eleven who was subjected to any banter, and he certainly deserved what he got. His fooling with the wicket looked-, as if done with the intention of irritating the spectators. : The people who pay to witness a cricket makh. have to be considered—they have rights which should be respected. Storer wasted time knocking the wickets a^ at, and seemed inclined-to make farce of his work. The cricketer who snorts at a little criticism under such circumstances is simply - childish. The crowd was really more irritated " with Trott for some time after tlie opening of his innings, but Troit is not the nun to wail over trifles. GEORGE R. SIMS, journalist,, bard and playwright, .known to all English- speaking peoples as Dagonet/' despairs of making a fortune .out of literature, and lias invented a hair restorer and floated a company which is to manufacture the nostrum and put it on the market. "Dagonet" was bald himself, and induced his hair, to grow with a wash of his own invention. This wash he has copyrighted, and with it he expects to make wool grow oh every bare h?ad in Christendom, and fill a bank or two with good red gold all booked to the credit of G. R. Sims. It is a peculiar fact, though, and one overlooked by " Dagonet," that the restorer which will restore one man's loit locks will not make the slightest difference on the bleak and barren skull of another, and the lotion that made his hair sprout again may not do anything of the kind for his customers. By-the-way, a low-down contemporary declares that "Dagonet," having got his readers' hair off so often with melancholy pars about his appetite and his livf-r, is only doing bare justice in providing them with a hair restorer in fact, a bottle should be given away free with every copy of the Referee. THE difficulty of minimising the great advantage a batting team derives from going first to the wickets has led to many suggestions, but none seem to be equal to the occa ion. At least in connection with the test matches, a. jnueh more reasonable system it seems to ug would lie that of tossing for the choice in the first match, and s.-nding the teams' in alternately throughout the rest of the test matches. For instance, say the Englishmen won the toss in the first place, they would go to the wickets; the Australians would go in first in the second match; tl» English first in the third; the Australians first in the fourth. Then for the choice in the fifth let the two captains toss again. This system has at 1 least the merit of dividing the advantage fairly, whereas under the .existing rule one team migW get in first on every occasion, the choice dependi nS solely on the turn of the coin. THE Trinity students fiascoed Browning's • Strafford " which is written in classic English, •J that is i's fearful to think of what they will do Iwith the" Alcestis' of Euripides, which is in classic i? k The fact that the production ia to be wheezed along by Marshall Hall music makes the prospect still more terrible to contemplate. THE Victorian Artiste' Exhibition is a splendid for a. forenoon flirt. During the few days it J s j^n opened loving couples have casually Idronped in for a !• ok round, and finding no one else about have lingered sweetly in the pleasant nooks of the galleries. The worst of it is that as n as tbis pastime becomes fashionable its tcbarm wil< be gone, for the sweet solitude of the Temple of Art will then be destroyed. THE gradual decline of the Victorian Artists' Society is shown with melancholy Tea ism by the inhibition at present being held at the Conservatorium of Music. Only one of tbe big rooms is accessary t • hold t' e pictures, and most of the leading Victorian artists are un epresenced. High krt and literature ar- appreciated by a necessarily buall c rcle in Australia, and there is 11 le hope bf much else than self satisfaction available as a reward to struggling- artists and authors who ttrive for an Australian reputation. .\CCOB»'NO to a popular rumour Prince Ranjitfciuhii offered to pay £5 to every Australian who fcle'in bowled him, and it is believed by many that 'parted £10 over the test, Noble and Tramble fetich potting £5. I his is quite too absurd. IKanji is undoubtedly just a little bit fresh, but he would never be such a -jreen, con eited ja kas3 as to make so eg tisticalan offer. By-the-way, it s possible that in Adelaide Eanji will have much pnOTe rea on th n he has yet had to complain of the Australian barrackers A great number of Idelaidians have got the nimble Indian " set," hot becau e he refused to admire ' the h ly city " hid its ground, but because of his harsh criticism of some of the men with whom he has played who are favourites in Adelaide, Lyons fespeci'Hy. Kan] thinks he is scolded for sne-r- [ng at the lions of Adelaide, but it is because he aid harsh and unfriendly things of Ly ns of a ielaide. The Australian Lyons and the British [ion were never in conflict, but the Ind.an tiger Roes not agree with the former. THE eye of the law sometimes operates unconsciously, as witness a little incident that happened So Detective Macmanamny in the city t e other gay. The detective was standing round casually, thinking of nothing in particular, when his eye ftxed by chance on one William Walker, who « as i that vicinity, and held William as the eye of a nake is said to hold a hapless bird. Macmanamny ad nothing against Wfftber had never seen him ,or heard of him before; but the eye was too .nuch for W lliam, and he collapsed at the officer's meet pleading for 'one chance more," and declaring he woul'i be an honest man if the officer would pnly let him iff this time This was the easiest hing that had ever come in Mac's way, and he fted the suppliant up and ran him in. But Filliam Walker had not been heard of before, „iid the robbery of which he admitted himself fuilty in his rashness had not even been reported. "V lliam got three months' on his own say-so, and jlacmanamny is abroad again, trying the effect of his basilisk eye on strangers. PEOPLE who are puzzled as to how to account for jie apparently sudden < ecline of the Turner Jovermnent's popularity should trace the politiil events of the last twelve months. They all point to wibbly-wobblyness on the part of the linistry, the Premier especially. His petulance, i threatening to throw up his hand once or vice, was interpreted as a sigh of weakness; so fras his Jubilee trip to England, after stating ositively that he would not go ; so was his cceptance of title; so was his stand against be Labour Party; so was the attitude of he Ministerial delegates at Ihe Sydney Federal Convention ; so was the Government's dependence In the a ge at the election; so was its double-shuffling vith the Speakership, the Chairmansh p of Comaitteesand the Berry pension.; so was its abortive Charities B 11, its opposition to the compensation u .use in the Dangerous Buildings Act; and many pore minor things besides. All the things mentioned were not necessarily discreditable. Indeed, ome of them were highly commendable, but they ill were weakening influences, and vs hen the " inistry was returned to power wi h the expressed pproval of the Opposition, and with a fol owing " " moderates," its doom was >-ea ed. The last :>il in its coffin has been the Premier's declaralon when Parliament waR sitting that he never |eant to reduce the Income Tax immediately, but ly when lie could, which might easily mean A POPULAR simile re Eanji is that he is like a cat on the fie d. This is not altogether because of the fact that he so frequently gets his back up. THE latest Australian poetess is I <a Lee, whose "Bush Fire and Other Poems" was recently published in London. Her book went into a second edition within a week, but as each edition only contained 250 copies this is Faying very little. She is the wife of C. T. B. Marriott, a well-known English footballer and a master at Highgate School. The authoress is a native of New South Wales, where she was reckoned a tip-top rider, and in England she has shone in the hunting field. This being so, it is not surprising that the critics trace a strong strain of Adam Lindsay Gordon in her work. UNTIL you have attended a big match, and lounged where the lady patrons most do congregate, you imagine that those stories of the absurd cricket mistakes of the ofter sex are made up by the cricket scribes as they, go along, but one can hear enough foolish remarks in an hour or two to fill a c lumn. The eagerness of the pretty girl to impart •'information" is only equalled by her ignorance. The writer heard one nice girl asking another nire girl what' Briggs •—13' meant on the scormg board " Oh," replied the other cheerfully, " that m°ans that Briggs has bowled thirteen men." Another lady insisted that Trott was an Englishman because hi* name came under the word "England" on the scoring board. Another lady, after attentively watching the batting for some time,«aid: " I see how t is now— the b .tsmen change ends after t hree balls." The man had got a run off every third ball two or three times running, hence this new rule. A CONTEMPORARY has amongst its bushfire reports a sad story of a poor settler who was attacked by bush fires every day for a week. The writer expends much sympathy on the struggling bushman, and describes with a great deal of imaginative realism how the fire came charging down upon his little homestead day after day ' on the breast of the north wind," and how he met it and fought it bravely on each occasion. Very fine as literature, but very unconvincing. We are asked to believe that the fire having burned over the country one day burns over the same land the next da* and the next. We might as well have been t'ld that the flames chased the poor selector over a lake. Country that has carried a bush fir? one season will not carry one the next, much less the next day. You simply couldn't get a fire over the same land one day after another unless you ran ahead with a barrel of kerosene. AT Adelaide University Capping Ceremony, a few days back, when Governor Buxton ro e to speak, an attempt was made by some humorous scapegraces to start up " Beer, B er, Beautiful Beer " as a delicate and appropriate allusion t" the source of Governor Buxton's wealth, but they were violently suppressed vi et a-rmis by authority. Thry got home successfully, though, with "Drink, Puppy, Drink!" 