9ioui\~T «iamiiik fFron dor Correspondent.! February 6. Yesterday afternoon tfae annuabVneeting of members of the Mount Gambler Agri sj cultural* and1 Horticultural Society was pheM* "ATr. J. Pick, J.P., the President, ^-joccppipl the . Chair, and there were 24 others present, showing that the members are now taking more interest than former ly in the business of the Society. The report and balance-sheet were su bstan tially the same as those laid before the General Committee a fortnight ago, and a summary of which I sent yon. They caused very general satisfaction. The President, sup plementing the report, enumerated a numberof alterations that it was desirable to make in show roles and arrangements. Herecommended that horses should be judged by one man. It would hasten the work, he said, and "if he made a mistake, he would not lose so much time doing it astbree men." He also recommended a single judge for dairy produce. Officers were- elected as followsPatron, Mr. George Biddoch, re- elected; Yice-Patrons, Messrs. T. C. Ellis. P. J- -Browne, J. Umpheraton, and It. M. Gardiner, re elected ; President, Mr. James Pick, re> elected; Vice- Presidents, Messrs. E. J. : Docke and F. Davison, with the Chairman of the Departmental Committee; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. A. Lou tit, re-elected; Hdb.° Secretary, Mr. J. T. Morris, M.P., re j elected. In.thanking the meeting for re electing him the President Baid that it had been a real'pleasure., to be: President last: j^ear, because things went smoothly arid everyone seemed to take such an interest in the affairs of the Society, and he should. have great pleasnrein presiding for an-! other year. The members of the General Committeewere re-elected, and the fol lowing new ones addedPastoral Com .mittoe—Thos. Haig, F. Davison, John Hawaii, and J. ^Livingston. Agricultural , , Committee—W." Norton and T. Kerin. ! florticaltural Committee—S D. Mansell. It-was intimated that to make room for the new ones some of 'the old ones who had not attended, bat were not named, -'wonldbe struck. off. Ji-The-election was conducted <in..a very happy-go-lucky \- ■■ " — elf - ~ fashion. Messrs. W. Mitchell and J. T. Morris were appointed auditors. The Public Baths were formally opened r by. Mrs. T. Williams, Moorak, on Monday .afternoon in tbe presence of the Mayor and Councillors, many of the leading resi dents of the town, and a crowd-of 150 others. For the purpose the Town Coun cil presented her with a pretty silver key . in casket, made by Mr, B. F. Kessal. As soon as the baths were opened the eh , closure was thronged, and about 20 young men enjoyed a dip in the presence of tbe mnltitnde, Cr. Underwood being the first to go in. Whilst this was going on a lot of speeehifying was also proceeding, and ; ebeers and thanks to tfaedonor and all and sundry connected with the erection of the: baths oassed. Everybody seemed on the : best of terms Kith themselves and every body else. After the ceremony Mrs. Williams pave an afternoon tea to a num ber of ladies and gentlemen in the Town Hall. That afternoon the baths were open free to. all, and dozens took the /opportunity of having a cooling dip, for the day had been swelteringly hot. On Tuesday afternoon the baths were opeii free to. ladies, and they .patronised them equally well. During the whole week, in consequence of the hot weather, the baths ■have jbeen well attended, as the receipts, /yr^icb amouned to £14 up to Friday after noon, will indicate. '/, ' Since Friday week it has been very hot, ibefomperature for thecight days, inclnd 3rijrEridayla8t/beingl01*4° in the shade :and'li4A° Jn the sun. The hottest days i^ednesday {104*2° in -the shade and '^n4Eesnn/and£parfH!lySUltry),and 7^^S?;;^rii|%ahafleJa.nd 3,474,® Jh 'terhdohaicbcilcba^ ? Xq/an d dues.' Wo "have only had 199 ^^^n^of^tfBini^/Jffbyembejr-6.' \- ^"The beat has been very "trying to the . 'mged and -the weak, but, nevertheless, , jEew serious cases of illness have, came ''' tinder1 the care of our medical men. _ One .death resulted from it on Friday, that ofMrs. Margaret Underwood, widow of tbe late Mr. Reuben Uaderwood, ef Itoant Gam bier, aged 62' years. Hei r Jonas, music teacher, was struck down on Friday afternoon with heat apoplexy, but is recovering. It was very nearly a case ; ■ with him for some henrs. ^ Mr.- H.: Glover - bas - been appointed Chairman of the.Monnt Gambier Institute Commiftee^Mr. H. Lane Hon. "Secretary, Mr.: ,II. L. D. .Wilson Treasurer, and Metered Watson, Alexander, Davison, ,WiIaonr and Lewis Library Committee. A Bum of £10 has been voted for tbe ^ latter to commence their year with. We have not been troubled much with . bushfires.this year, but a Wide one which ' came from over the Border duty free • about Friday week has been destroying v~a large area of grass on a long strip on this side. It did not come nearer the farmers at O. B. Flat and Yahl than 4 or 5 miles, The heaviest losers were Mr. . F.Davison, who had 13,000 acres swept, a. large quantity of fencing destroyed, and about 300 sheep burnt; and Vause's < trustees; who had a large area swept, and gome 200 sheep destroyed. Another fire farther north facross from Victoria) . burned a large area of the Kaladbro and Myorarnns and Mr. W. H. Collins's land, ( and did havoc with their fenciug. It is I thongbt fbe fires are now quite done. i The anniversary of the Mount Gam bier Wesleyan Church was celebrated on Sunday, Monday and Wednesday last. | The Rev. T. A. James, from Port Ade- j laide, conducted the services on Sunday, i and delivered a lecture on Monday on j "The Golden West." The annual tea and j public meeting were held on Wednesday j afternoon and evening. At the meeting in Was announced that the debt on the t; church had been reduced to £120. i s " A young man named Alfred HaneJ, of Millicent, had his riglit arm broken below j vStheidbow and the mnscles and tendons : :t|pbadlylacerated by its being caught in the ' machinery of a steam thresher at Glencoe onliaturday morning, January 29. He \- wastaken to the Hospital and. Dr. John , son is trying to save the arm, w hich will be adiificul t thing to do. Mis. Lizette Ruwoldt, relict of the late Mr. Christian Ruwoldt, who died in 1873, died on Thorsday evening at the residence ;©f her son.Mr. J. L. H. Ruwoldt. She bad reached the grand old age of 91 years, and her death resulted from senile decay. She came from Mecklenbnrg-Schwerin to Adelaide in 1848, with her liusdacd, and had been a Mount Gambler resident for 39 years. She bad a family of three sons, two of whom survive her, bat she leaves besides 28 grand children and 20 great grand children. * 