Greenroom Gossip. BY " TOUCHSTONE." TALKING of pantomimes, it's queer the way one production will sometimes make its appearance year after year, always under a different name, until it has run the whole gamut of the fairy book and illustrated every chapter of nursery lore. We have in our mind one production that came to these shores a good many years backit's still doing duty. Some day the whole show will drop to pieces from old age. AN exceptionally brilliant audience filled the Princess' last Saturday evening, when the Governor and Lady Brassey and the Federal Conventioners and their wives and many distinguished visitors were present at Su William Zeal's invitation to see " The Manxman." The theatre was decorated for the occasion, and the balconies, covered in, used as refreshment buffets. Talma photographed the assemblage after the first act. ACCORDING to a recent issue of the Calcutta Englishman, which has been forwarded to us hy Manager Hamilton, the Brough Comedy Com- pany are reaping the reward of excellent business for their enterprise in going to the Coast. In Calcutta, with great success, wafe produced on the19fch of December " Lady Windermere's Fan," which drew packed houses. "The Amazons" went up on Boxing Night. Miss LILIAN WHEELER, Miss Noney Seabrooke, J. W. Sweeney and H. Diver have joined the MacMahon DramaticCompanyat Sydney Lyceum. The management claim for the compary the distinction ot btiag ihe best dramatic combm* 1 ion yet formed here. "Work and Wages' piece at present receiving representation. " ttl6 " BEN-MY-CHBEB" goes up at the Prints-' Saturday, and should prove as big a -iral 011 a " The Manxman." w * THB Pollard Juvenile Operates prnd Uee(i pantomime on "Robinson CruBoe" at the <V Cnft! Opera House on Boxing Night. The CorW Fitzsimmons Biograpli was also at the same tin," attracting a deal of attention in that citv. JOB ROBINS, the laughing nigger coiuediarseen at the Opera House last year, is chief f UDDt man in the panto, at the Theatre Royal, Hun/' PBOFESSOR TRKGASKI, illusionist and THOUEB reader, is now in Melbourne after a fjeeesX northern tour. Madame Tregaeki (we regret"' state) died a short time ago in Sydney of hear? failure. ' INCLUDED in the photographs in thip issue is that of Paul Belmore and his wife (Mij Magdalene Unwin), two clever and capable alt round artists, who have come to Australia wit' Wileon Barrett, . . Michael Nolan tb English vocalist now appearing at the OpJ House, and who first made his name famoufbt the erstwhile favourite ditty "Annie Roanev" . . The Mintons, two clever nativfj.g rowi! banjo and dance artists now appearing ; n "Dirt, Whittington " at the Royal. * THE management of the St. Ambrose Baza« t Brunswick, are now seriously turning their' thoughts to the engagement of. a continnsl supply of professional talent—a very wise mo<o MR. MAX MAXWELL, In " Dick Whittington," at the Theatre Itojai. Talma photo. Miss FANNY WEST- WOBTH takes a company of her own for a lengthy torn of Maoriland at the conclusion of the Rickardiu Biograph Company's We=tralian season. LITTLE Miss Alma Gray, the exceptionally clever child serio and dancer, goes to London shorty. Alma should make sacks full of money in that city. Miss ELLEN GOBS, whoa photo appears in this iasne, is the dancer who bP accompanied the Wilson Barrett Company to Australia. Miss Go:s, whose opportunity up to no* to give us a specimen of h® ability in her art, ™ shortly give playgo® 18 another sample of dancing. UPON the conclusion & the "Babes in the Wood, at Sydney Her Majesty "The French Maid" ww be revived. Miss BERYL FAXES, VH was so popular when h ert with the Broughs, has be® married to Mr. Co0° Hamilton, who is w®"' known in literary circle The Earl of Yarmouth** best man, and amongj® wedding guests were Hilda Spong, Miss Grt? Noble and Dot Boucictf 11 THE MINTONS- Talmn photo. HERBERT Theatre Boyal. AND GERTRUDE. T r, ver "theatrical" duet, illustrating JUama, Italian -opera ««* ph™ 1 * M ' n : tre f wbioh wesdone here by Miss R< eve and Z' a 'tert in " The French Maid, and which h,n are now doing at the Panto, at Sydney Her n U « as originally in " The Gay Parisienne,'' war Hone in the London production of that blBV by Huth and the Major. < r.KiKiiat Miss Florrie Forde'e photos., one rouder 0 that she displayed so very seldom on the t- ,-e boieeuch a Fplendid figure as she is shown < p 'KsoJsed of. MiEB Forde nearly always pore Ibe skirts during her season in this city, . ;.ry rarely appeared as a ' boy. Its ii the way these artistes keep all the good .-- for London audiences. . - Ii iuiiN'G by present appearances the Royal ' ' t ••'mime should do easily a seven weeks' , n The show is made up very largely by the •. i^nt performance of Harry Roberts, whose iVn if a jovial and extremely mirth-provoking ( r.ever offensive creation. \'-,AFJE PATTI'S husband, Nicolini, once known fY crtat tenor, but who after his marriage ci. pppd out of the musical world, and was liprc-flforward known as "thehusband of Patti," aite recently. Nicolini, who was a good t;j-,v and had a beautiful voice, which the world * 0 <i''V/rived of much too soon, after his marriage ived at the diva's Welsh castle at Craig- y-noB, nd devoted most of his time to his pet hobby— iishin£, TOMMY HODSON is expected back in Sydney npxt. month. Tommy will then get a new comipr together for the East. "THE CIRCUS GIEL" finishes its long run at aster at London Gaiety, jaai a new musical play by Seymour Hicks an^-Harry Nichols will take its lace. It is in two/act?, the first Cqreican, the econd Venetian, qnd a part has been written pecially for Mies EllaiineTerriB. LONDOK critics hava been much.tickled at the anner in which an 'j&nlerprisln;^ litterateur Dodnnised and altered '' The^ Grand Duchess," hich was recently revived at /Those wo popular ditties, "Oil Dole ontfteMilitary," nd " Lo ! Here the Sabre of My Sire," became eFpectivel.v " Soldiers! I'm Simply Mad About Eui," and "Here is My BleFSed Father's Sword." hat literary man ie an out-of-the common man as regards brains. Miss LILIAN TBEE has renewed her contract irith Harry EickardB for a further six months. Miss PATTIE BROWN has acquired the rights or her season here in May of " Sweet Nancy," a ery pretty comedy with several good acting parts, and Jim Barrie's dramatisation of his own novel "The Little Minister," in which Cyril Maude and Miss Winifred Emery are at present drawing all London to the Haymarket Theatre. THE Alexandra Theatre management believe in beinu; beautifully up-to-date, BO much so that tbey are now busily engaged night and day reheaising a bush-fire sensation, the drama being: appropriately styled " Black Thursday." WESTKALIAN FEDERATIONIST LEAKE, a lawyer, by-the- way, has several time3 distinguished himelf on the stage in Perth. Didey Haynes, another WeEtralian lawyer, makes a capital Myles-na- Coppaktn in the " Colleen Bawn." THE Flying JordanB, who played such [a pheomenal tenting season in Sir George Shenton's paddock in Perth recently, are now on the Goldfields with police-court reporter Scott ahead. The Flying Jordans' return season to Peith will be under the auspices of Messrs. Jones and Lawreuee. HAERY RICHARDS is to open up shortly in the Theatre Eoyal, Perth. THE Fremantle Pantomime at latest was being produced in Perth, and Jones and Lawrence's company were do wn at Fremantle. Miss MADGE ROSSKLL is danseuse in the Biistol (Eng.) Prince's Panto., in which Miss Ada Willoughby and Ernest Shand are leads. Miss GERALDINE OLIFFE is sustaining an important part at London Princess' Theatre in a new melodrama, " How London Lives/' The new play is from the French " Le Camelot," and is hy Arthur Shirley and Fred Horner. (No relation to the famous Jack!) DR. HARLEY, an Indian illusionist, and wife recently opened at Thursday Island, visited Charters Towers and Townsville, and expiessing himself as disgusted with this part of the world, returned direct to India. THE last nights of thel [ EickardB' Panto, at Sydney! { Koyal are announced. Thel , shew has been a success! and has drawn good houses! [ during its run. The only| [ Harry contemplates sending it up to ( Brisbane. THE Enelish cricketerel were at the Opera House] [ last Monday. Ranji, [ course, attracted most! [ attention, and wts greeted] ( noiBily by the "beys." [ PERTH is becoming tabooed on account of its . exceeding unhealthiness amongst the theatrical , profession. Several members of a popular variety ' company lefused to go to Perth just recently at the last moment. "They didn't see why they should risk themselves and their lives for Westralia." | MADAME SPADA has been dangerously ill in Adelaide, but is now on the road to a complete recovery. W. J. WINTON and M'Ginty have gone to Perth with the Biograph Company. HARMSTON'S Circus clostd its season here labt night. The big tent suffered badly duting the recent wild weather, and on several nights resembled, in its torn state, with the strips from the centre pole to the side, a maypole more than anything else. Miss FLORRIE FORDE should be- a very happy woman. At Allan's are shown in the window some of the latest comic songs, one of which, entitled " Sally Warner," is adorned with a big picture of Florrie and a label to the effect that the ditty was sung with the greatest success by the A ustralian lady. This IB indeed fame ! Once a variety artiste gefcs a song published with her na aie and picture on it, she b k [ can rest on her laurdls and ponder tard on her wenderful cleverness. THE part of Virginia in " Virginias " is Mis3 Maud Jeffries'favourite part; and that of Kute in the The Manxaan" is the one she likes least. Miss RITA ASLIN IS the daughter of the late Dr. W. J. Aslin, R.N , and is a native of London. About six years ago she came to Australia and joined Walter Bent!ey's company, with which Talma plwto. MISS ELLEN GCSS, PrinceEB' Theatre. MISS RITA ASLIN, Alexandra Theatre. she travelled for about fifteen months. She then threw in her lot with Her Majesty's company, where she spent six months. After playing the provinces of Victoria for some time, she became associated with Dan Barry's Co. Miss Aslin during her novitiate has played every line of business, embracing Nellie Denver and that ruin of all actresses, Lidy Isabel. Having discovered that soubrettes and comedy are her forte, Miss Aslin, who claims to be a purely colonial actress, has made them her especial study, and the lady hopes one day to be a big ornament to our little flag. Miss ALMA STANLEY is stopping at Menzies' and resting prior to her departure for London on the 8th of next month, and recouping after the eff$OTg£of her N.Z. and Tasmanian seasons. "We leemed to drop in for everything bad," she says; " bad boats to travel in; coldest weather known in New Zealand; most awful bush fires experienced for I don't know how many thousand years in Tasmania. We drove through part of the burning country. I was nearly a cinder; and then to crown all I land back in Melbourne on one of the hottest days ever known. By-theway," added Miss Stanley, "you might contradict the statem«nt that was made in a too-cfrtain paper that I iemain in Australia for another 6ix months on an extended agreement. I don't! I leave for England, as already announced, on the 8th of February. 1 ' OF interest to the ladies will be the description y one of their own 6ex of Prince Esterhazy, to whom it is once more announced Mrs. Langtry ill be married, &6 soon as a reasonable time from the death of her late husband 6hall have elapsed. Prince Esterhazy de Galantha is an earnestcoking man of four-and-fifty. He is dark, has somewhat deep-set eyes, grows mutton-chop whiskers, and is inclined to baldness. The Prince s a great sportsman, and is cue of the best riders amongst the Austrian nobility. He has already een twice married ; his first wife was a Princess f Croy, and she died ten years ago. He has a on by his first wife-in the Austrian army, who is aid to be a very handsome man and a smart officer." IT is comfortable and nice to observe how Alexandri up-aloffers sympathise with the ppressed in the shape of the heroine, and depreate loudly anything viceful. A voice filtered down from the gods one evening a week or two back, and entertained the audience as much as did the play. The heroine wandered in, and, after explaining that she had " did;' pathetically observed that it wasn't her fault. And the voice piped out, "Quite right, old girl!' The vi'lain Talma MR. MICHAEL NOLAN, photo. Opera House. grew obstreperous, and the hero, who was in private life Dan Harry, baited him, and told him that, if he didn't come to grief in this world and get 'his due, he'd come to his reckoning in the next. Piped that voice again, joyfully : " Good enough ! That's BO ! Hurrah 1" And continued to come in at intervals. But it wouldn't have done if there had only been virtue to side with. Oh I dear, no ! The modern god must have his vice and virtue before him- in even quantities. WHATEVER Madame Bernhardt dees her Italian rival, Signora Duse, must do, so the following clipping from the London Pelican is only what was to be expected :—"Signora DUBO has announced that she will play Hamlet in a new Italian version of the tragedy. Great Scot!" A LITTLE tenor stopping at a city hotel was asked the other evening by some companions to sing: " Excuse me," said he, " you can hear me at the Theatre any evening on payment of 2s." " Well," said a lady acquaintance, "Do you know I once heard you sing for threepence; and I woulfl grudge a penny now for the Bame experience."^ The tenor's pride and conceit dropped exactly 500 degrees. Miss~ f JEN$JIJE REIFKARTH is at the Fifth Avenue Theatre, New York, in the cast of a new play, "Alexandra." 