CURRENT TOPICS. A.N.A. CONe^as.-^Thç convert organised by the Chiltern Branch o £ the A.N.A., ift aid of the Gippsland bush-fire sufferers, will be held at the Star Tbea,tce to-.Q)Qsrow night. As this will probably be the only opportunity our district wil.l of manifesting their sympathy with the afflicted, an overflowing house may naturally expected-. The sympathetic action of the A.N. A. deserves «.t l^nst this, praçtiçal mark c£ pp^lc approval. Mrs A. F. Ferrier, Mrs Downs, and Miss Toy, all fçom Anbury, will assist. CLOSED.—Thq Valley No. I shaft hands bad their last pay-day on Saturday. The last truck of washdirt has been drawn, up and a shift of five men will be kept on. to draw the pumps, «hich work is expected to be completed in about a fortnight. AN UNEXPECTED I)ZATH—On Friday one cf our most respectod- townsmen passeâ away to join the great majority in the person of Cochrane G. Weare. He contracted the prevailing epidcmic of influenza a week or two ago, and was constrained to take to his bed. On Tuesday last he got; up while :;}. a sfevte of delirium, and came down the town. The shock was so great that ho got a sharp attack of pneumonia from which he never rallied. The deceased t) e g&n; his career as ahop boy for Mr Charles Bushell, draper, and emerged from that position to open a shop on his own account, which he called Victoria House. He subsequently sold out to Mr T. j&usp;, and opened hj& present business. He was a good townsman, taking an active part in all public movements. He was at one time a member of the Obiltern. Shire Council, and also a Justice -of the Peace. He wag much esteemed for his social qualities and h.is buBinesa integrity. The funeral which took place on Sunday consisted of over 60 vehicles and a number of horsemen Thera was a large muster of Masonic bretbern present, and the last r.itcs.of that order were performed by Mr Leightoo, of Wodo&ga.; The deceased leaves a widow and 0. large family of yosjs g child rap. FROGBZSSN«* FAVOUBA^LT. — The many firiends of Mr C. C. Mclntyre will learn with pleasure that he is now recQvering from a severe attack of influenza. HARD TO SATISFY.—Attention was drawn in our last issue to the foul-smelling sand spread <m the street last Friday at the principle thoroughfare in the town. The Local Health officer took prompt measures to remedy the evil, by ordering a strong disinfectant which was liberally distributed. MeKDtQANT CooKpiM.—'The military spirit has been strong for tLe past few weeks in Victorian municipal centres. The dig* memberment of the old Nelson left 14 guns, such as they were, at the disposal of the Government, either for useful or ornamental purposes, principally the latter. Every city, town, and shire in the colony, with a soli* tary exception or two, put in its claim. They have been distributed at last, and in the following manner. Ballarat (the expected seat of' federal government) gets 4, owing to its future possible importance; Bendigo gets 2 ; Castlemaine 2 ; Echuca 1; Bacchus Marsh 1; Geelong 1; Hamilton 1; Tarnagulla 1; and Ararat 1. In allotting the guns the Defence Department chose those towns where those were no defence works. Surely the Government never mistook our Barambogie embankment for defence works ! Offence wpyks they may be, and certainly are, but defence works never. Whese was our " vigilant representative" when, the distribution took place? If we had the good luck to get one we could shoot the foul odors, that thicken the Chiltern pestilential water supply, into Rutherglen which has an undue proportion of absorbent powers, as- far at least as evil gases are concerned. Chiltern has been asleep as usual, and we ha.ye lost our chance. And where was Beechworth on. this occasion ? Did she also sleep ? ; In the event of a crusade being made, upon her gaols, and benevolent and lunatic asylums, how would she protect ber native industries from- the spoiler ?- The North- East has been caught napping on this occasion-. Wangaratta has been dosing, Benalla stu-piâed with the smoke of her own bush-fires,, and Woctonga,. the frivolous, eepiug in the embracing; a.vms. of Alburv. FIRB AT CHILTERN.—At 9 30 o'clock thi morning a cottage at one time occupied by Mrs Buohan at the north end of Main-street was discovered to be on fire, The fire-bell was rung and the Fire Brigade attended, but owing to the fact that there was no fire plug nearer than the post-office, about 1000 feet away they could do nothing but. act as a bncket brigade. Their (.-{forts saved a email building abant 30 feet away whieh caught, fire. The buildings -.vere owned by the Third Beechworth Building Society, and were ins ami in the Nonviek Union offij* for £200. The origin of the fire points to in*, cendiarism ss a room in the fr v n.t portion was occupied by a «nan named Lafforty ivho left there at 5.45 a.m. this morning to go to work at. the Star hotel- He states he does not snaftke op4 had not s.tçuçk a match there for a fortnight. He is a heavy loser as all h'U blankets and clothes with a number of valuable cordial recipes were destroyed. HONOLHINO THE GREAT.—Madame Albani the Queen of Song, has just received a cable message from her sister potentate the Queen of England, congratulating her o.n her safe arrival in Australia. This condescension on the part of her Britannic Majesty will be a surprise, to Australians, who recoguise no fame uuless that which athleticism bestows. Nor does her Majesty of Britain" con- descend" in sending this, cablegram. The genius, the dowered of natu;e, the heir to immortality on fan.e's undying scroll, is transccndantlj superior to the imperial clods of earth whom the. fortuitous accidcnt of birth h8s calldd to wield the sceptre. No Empress op earth is superior to. this gifted 'exponent of song, no. Queen her superior. Madame Albani passed through Chiltern on Friday night in the viceregal carriage on her way tç Sydney where she opens her Australion (our on. Wednesday night. 