THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Obit.—Mr. Samuel Ellis, of Evandale, formerly a resident of Macclesfield for 40 years. In our advertising columns Mr. J. C. A. Rundle, of Hahndorf, announces his candi- dature for the district of Mount Barker. Big bushfire near the Meadows—-a family burnt out and a tot of grass and wattles deal roy-'d. The Gumeratdiu Dairy Produc- Compsi report the highly satisfactory profit of £335 for the half-year ended recently. Sume significant figured concerning the dairying industry in the Mount Barker district are quoted in our lending columns this week. Mrs. Barnes, formerly of Mount Barker, died suddenly at Norwood on Sunday evening. The interment took place at the Mount Barker Cemetery on Tuesday. Ten men from Mount Barker and Maccles- field were sent by the Labor Bureau to Pin- naroo on Wednesday morning for road making. A jolly afternoon's sport is promised at tbe Macclesfield Races on March 17, the program for which appears in our advertising columns. The opening sale at the Blumberg monthly market will be held on Monday next, when Messrs. John Paltridge & Co. and Mr. H. C. Mengersen will submit to auction a good vardiug of stock. We understand that Mr. O. A. Witt, head- teacher of the Echunga Goldfields School, has been appointed instructor and deputy superintendent at the Magill Reformatory, his new duties commencing on Monday next. The committee of the Mount Barker Agri- cultural Society meet.on Tuesday evening next tb receive replies from the judges, accept, tenders for the booths, and to make final preparations for the show on March 9. The North and Midland Land Board ure due at Goolwa on Monday, when applications for surrender, reduction, and transfer of land in the Hundreds of Bremer, Encouater Bay, G-oolwa, Mypongs, Nangkita, and Waitpinga will be dealt with. Dr. Hine, of Nairne, had a remarkable escape from serious injury while driving down the Windmill Hill on Sunday. His horse stumbled and came down on its knees, while the Doctor was shot out over the animal's head, but was not hurt. The horse was badly cut about. The necessity for increased school accommo dation at Mannum, which has been frequently urged by the local residents, was pointed oat to the Minister of Education on Wednesday by the members for the district {Mr. Hocnbarg and Captain Saudell). Mr. Butler promised to immediately obtain a report as to what was required. The Critic erred in its notice of Mr. A. H. Landseer this week. The genial Father of the House has not been the senior member for Mount Barker since 1875, while the im pression given by the paragraph is that he still resides at Port Elliot, where he opened business years ago, no mention being made of his present home, Milung. The deacons of the Port EUiot Congre gational Church hit upon a happy idea when on Sunday they asked the congregation to meet on the rocks instead of in the stifling atmosphere of the church. The experiment was moBt successful, the attendance number ing fully 200, while the delightful sea breeze blowing helped considerably lowarda the enjoyment of the service. The secretary of the Mount Barker Cricket Club has arranged with the Linden Dramatic Company to provide the program for tiie annual entertainment on show night (March 9). The piece staged will be M Proof, or the Hand of Fate," said to be better than either of the dramas presented at Mount Barker during the past few months, and a bumper house is assured. A good advance on the priceB received in former years is expected from tenderers for the right of supplying liquid and solid re freshment to the big show-day crowd at Mount Barker at the forthcoming exhibition, the opening of the fine hall aud other attractions at which should induce a record attendance. Tenders will be dealt with at the committee meeting on Tuesday evening next. We are not going to write a long paragraph on the weather at 'Mount Barker daring the past week, for local residents . were well aware of tile intense heat, and people in other places were as greatly afflicted its ourselves. It is quite sufficient to give the thermometer performances for the seven days :—Friday, lGL'hdeg.; Saturday, 103*5deg.; Sunday, I05deg.; Monday, 103deg.; Tuesday, 77deg.; Wednesday, 71'5deg.; Thursday, 85deg. Letters bearing the following Southern addresses are now lying at the G.P.O., Adelaide, awaiting claimants:—H. E. Ber- tram, Port Victor; Miss D. Clark, Crafers, Stirling West ; J. Davis, Port Elliott; E. Eraser, Port Victor ; Phill Garbe, Bal- hannah; O. M. Grandell, Great Talunga Goldmine, Blumberg; Mrs. Allan Kerr, Bndgewater; Mrs. William Pope, Mount Pleasant; G. Roberts, Noarlunga; Miss Watson, The Grosvenor, Port Victor; and Great Talunga Goldmine,' Talunga. —♦— [From Our Own Correspondents.] Woodchester, February 13. In common witb the rest'of the colony we hare been experiencing unprecedented heat for the past weekj the thermometer registering' 114deg. in the shade at the local post-office at 1 p.m. on Sunday. Fortunately we arc -blessed with a splendid bathing pond (measur ing nearly a quarter of a mile in length), and this has been the principal attraction of the male portion of our small community during the trying weather. Harvesting being completed—the yigld being much above expectations in most cases —the farmers are now puzzling their brains trying to conscientiously fill up their taxation returns. Some succeed, while others take a bee-line to the post-office and ask tbe post master to " fix up the bally thing." —♦— Woodside, February 15. The hot weather has eclipsed everything .else as a theme of conversation, so that even the visit of those on election matters bent failed to arouse any interest, and sb yet there has been no teik of following the example set by other constituencies in tender ing sociBls to the members for the district who are just completing their three years of servitude. Of oourse there are Bocials and socials—those in which the soeislee provides through a friend the uecessaiy funds to enable the company to gather together and tell him what a jolly good fellow be is; and £hoee for-which enthusiastic friends are entirely responsible. But this is diverging Irom the weather, which is fob obtrusive to be overlooked. fiurine the week each dnv hn appeared to be hatter than the preceding one, although the evenings have been fairly plea sant, with the exception of Monday, when sleep wee wooed by many in Vain. About midnight on this evening I strolled down to the river with the intention of baring a cooling dip, and in addition to the intention X also took a towel, which proved useful in flicking off angry dogs on the road. After groping in the dark the water was reached and preparations made, when an intermittent Bplasbing was heard in the water as if a good-sired perch were disporting itself, and a passing glimpse with the aid of a lucifer was caoght of a sinuons eel like body near the centre of the hole. An instant decision was arrived at that it would hardly he fair to disturb anything already in possession, especially with no warrant of ejectment handy, besidea after this the water did not look too tempting, and a departure was made with a breast welling with sym pathy for the young man who went to the Mount Barker Oval one hot night with the intention of having a shower-bath, who after disrobing and bracing himself for the shock found to his disgust that something had gone wrong with the works, and he had to creep into his togs again hotter than ever. On Saturday night, despite the hot weather, there was a very good honse to witness the cinematograph managed by Mr. Beaumont Bead, who also sang a couple of pathetic ballads with admirable taste and feeling. The show, with the exception of a couple of graphophone selections, was a real treat and wee thoroughly enjoyed by the audi ence, who did not let the heat debar them from exerting themselves in re-demanding a large number, of the subjects. —♦— Echunga, February 15. An accident, resulting in somewhat serious injuries being received, took place on Friday evening. As Messrs. Green and Maddigan were riding between Mylor and Echunga they met a heavily-laden wood-cart and, owing doubtless to some miscalculation of distances consequent upon the uncertain light, Maddigan's horse came into collision with the team, and falling threw its rider violently against the jagged ends of the wood projecting from the wagon, a very ugly wound being inflicted above the eye. Upon arrival at Echunga the injured man was at once driven to Mount Barker, where Dr. Blaxland's surgical skill was called into re- quisition, and it was found necessary to insert several stitches. The patient, who besides losing a considerable quantity of blood was severely shaken, is now pro- gressing favorably. The bushfire season in this district opened with a couple of conflagrations which took ; place in the neighborhood of the Jupiter ' Creek diggings, but fortunately t.liey did noL nffain fo very serious ins, and the ; urea affected consisting principally of scrub i lands the damage occasioned was inaig- j It may be interesting to piecalors to learn that. several reaches of the Onkaparinga River below here are affording excellent sport. The best basket secured by a single rod consisted of 30 good-sized perch, while 44 fish tuken by another party are stated to have turned the scale at 20lb. Under such circumstances the " gentle art" offers a de lightful combination of business with pleasure, as while indulging in the agreeable keusaiion of being luzy the results achieved provide a welcome addition to the cuisine. The excessively hot weathor which wo have been experiencing has apparently exercised an irritating influence upon snakes as well us human beings. Several encounters hare been reported, perhaps the most -serious of which was that related by a man, who bearing along with him the fire-foot body of hie one time antagonist, explained that, although he had endeavored to avoid the encounter, it had been forced upon him, as the ferocious reptile had pursued hitu, actually " barking like a dog." The burk had oortainly ceased to exist, but the snake was in evidence, though not exactly to speak for itself, and this, combined witb the-fact that the track which Imd been followed by'the gladiator at no point passed within three miles of a public-bouse caused more credence to be placed in his Btory than might otherwise have been the case. A delightfully cool change set in on Tues day night, when a slight shower of rain fell. —♦— East Wellington, February 16. From Tuesday, 7th inst., till Monday night last we bare had exceptionally, hot and trying weather, the thermometer being up to llOdeg. in the shade for two or three days running. The cool change we are now experiencing is therefore very much appreciated. Last Saturday there was a small fire.in Mr. Buseeirs paddock near here, but help being soon on the spot not much harm was done. —♦— Strathalbyn, February 16. A sad accident happened on Tuesday after- noon to a boy, eight years old, the son of Mr. R. Burkett, of this town. The little fellow was climbing a tree in the garden and fell to the ground, alighting on his head. Dr. Smith, who was immediately in attendance, considered the case so serious that he advised the child's removal to the Adelaide Hospital, whence he was taken the same afternoon. On Saturday evening Professor Fenton, the horse-tamer, gave an exhibition in the Robin Hood Hotel yards before a crowded audience. The show was a really good one. Some buck jumping was shown, and the animals were ridden in a masterly manner. Mr. Frank Rosser, one of our old residents, had an experience on Saturday which w&b; far from being pleasant. First of all one of his little sons called his attention to the fact that a snake was in the kitchen. Mr. Rosser immediately went to where the reptile was coiled up and despatched it. It was a deaf adder, fully 2ft. long. The only accountable way in which the viper could have gut on to the premises was out' of some wood which had been carLed into tbe yard. A little later Mrs. Bosser whilst dressing some poultry allowed the knife to slip, severing the radial artery in her left wrist. Mr. C. L. A.. Wyatt arrested the bleeding, and Dr. Smith com pleted the operation. Mrs. Bosser is now doing well, but will not be able to use her band for some time. Mr. Bleasby has arrived with his steam merry-go-round, and on Wednesday evening he opened his show,- to tbe great delight of tbe youngsters. The usual shootin g galleries are also id evidence, and iTl-'cor)sequence tbe south end of High-street is pretty busy at nighttime. On Friday a musicaL -^rening was given by Mr. J. W. Elliott' and hiB pupils in the institute-hall before the largest audience that has yet been seen in the building. The. heat was most oppressive, and under. ..these unfavorable conditions "the quality of the singing and playing was most meritorious. A' series of tableaux and statuary was-1 also' shown, and these items were greatly appre ciated, tbeir beauty ..being much enhanced by limelight" effectB. At the close of tbe program light refreshments were handed round. I did not intend when commencing this para graph to single out any one1 performer for special mention, but feel I must eulogize Miss Cornelius, of yonr tows, for her song, " Tbe Crumpled Bose Leaf," which was admirably rendered. Tbe contributions, of Miss Marion Kemp, whose work is always that of a finished artiste, were also dharming. I con gratulate Mr. and Mrs. Elliott on the highly successful nature of their latest musical evening. - As time goes on the roll of candidates for Parliamentary honors increases, and for our distriot the latest addition is Mr. J, C. Bundle. The electors trill need to exercise a little thought to decide on their men, as all Bides will be represented. They will need to Sod out exactly where they are before making a final eelection. I can fancy a man questioning himself thusly :—" Now whst is it I am—Conservative ? No. Moderate Liberal ? Hardly. Independent Liberal? Blessed if I oan tell. I think I'll go for the beat man, and hang his politics." Something of tbiB kind took place in my office this morning. —♦— Cooke's Plains, February 15. After a long spell of hot Weather a beauti fully cool change set in yesterday morning. It was very welcome Mr. Meldrnm, of Bordertown, gave an able address on " Temperance" at the local church on Saturday evening before a fair attendance. The same gentleman preached on Sunday morning and then went on to Tailem Bend to conduct service there in the evening. A Murray Bridge etoreke^eper'hasspplied for a wine licence Bt Tailem Bend, but tbe application iB being opposed. —♦— Mount Pleasant, February 14. The weather this week has been the hottest experienced since the beginning of tbe year. One consolation is that the spells of heat are not of long duration. A coal change set in Jast night and lowered tbe" temperature con siderably. Harvesting is practically over; 1 'The crops on the whole have been very good, tbe only drawback being the low prices obtainable. The frnit erop is fair, and the. prices are better than we have had for Borne years. The take of honey in this district promises to exceed that of the past two seasons, probably owing to the cool spell lust month, which lies enabled the bees to obtain more natural food than would have been the caee in very hot weather. The price, however, is still low. A fire broke out laat night about 8 o'clock under rather mysterious circumstances in Mr. Promnitz's paddock near Blumberg, starting in five or six different places at. short inter val?. Every effort was made to extinguish it, but the grass being thick and tall and there being a lot of fallen timber about, tbe flames, aided by a strong north wind, spread rapidly, and in an incredibly short time the confla gration wis general. The alarm was im mediately given in the township by blowing tbe mill whistle and the ringing of charcfa bells, and in a very short time some 200 willing helpers came from all quarters. After several hours* hard work the fire was got under, hut not before it had. burnt some 300 acres of grass belonging to Mr. Promnitz and Mrs. McLean, besides wattles and fencing. The fire has been watched to-day by some 30 odd men, and no fresh outbreak has occurred, the smouldering logs near the edges having all been- made safe. An inquiry into tbe origin of the fire is being made. —♦— Port Elliot, February 15. A complimentary social was tendered to Messrs. O'Malley and Carpenter, the mem bers for the district, to-night,- and the half, which was profusely decorated with mottoes, &£., was crowded, ladies being in the majority. Mr. E. Hill presided. The mem bers had an enthusiastic reception, and a vote of thanks to them for their services to the district was passed on the motion of the Rev. M. Harris, seconded by Mr. Hill. A vote of condolence with the Hon. F. W. Holder, who was prevented by family bereavement from being present, was aleo carried. The program included, an overture by Mr. Tuck; J. Walton; dn&-^2va Gilbert; dialogue, Miss '.'Amy. Wood, -and* Mr.-. Hill; pianoforte-selection, Miss Muntl W, SkeJtidn ; song, Rev. W. H! Robinson; pianoforte selections, Misses R. and L. Rouse- and addresses by the Rev. M. Harris and the guests. • 