It may probably be viewed as a fortu nate circumstance, as tending to the maintenance of the peace of Europe and of the world, that at a time when France seems bent on a persistent course of worry and irritation towards Great Britain, there should be rapidly accumulating evidence of the establishment of more and more cordial relations between our mother land and Germany. Regarded by itself the attitude of the French would appear to, be fraught with grave peril. They obviously smart severely under the abasement in Egypt, which their own misguided policy has precipitated. Whatever its later pretexts, their animosity to Great Britain is traceable to a nation’s re sentment in view of the failure of France to seize the opportunity of going hand in hand with the British on the occasion of the Biege, of Alexandra, a diplomatic faux pas which has proved worse than a blunder, and inflicted a grievous blow on French prestige. Bitter repining as to it, and endeavors to salve the nation's wounded honor, have provoked a series of wanton affronts to the triumphant power in Egypt, in mani festations of greed and rapacity, dis honesty and chicane, violations of treaties, “slamming of doors” in the face of Britain, and petulant breaches of amity with a power which has shown herself anxiouß to live on good terms with those who have so long been her allies, and cordially invited France “to meet us on every question at issue with an honest desire for an equitable arrangement, and with no afterthought towards securing a diplomatic triumph or driving a one sided bargain.” The French were ap proached in just the same spirit of readiness to find a modus vivendi on amicable terms as was the Government of the Kaiser, when the Anglo-German agreement of 1890 for the settle ment of all outstanding colonial ques tions was arrived at, and when it was followed by the kindred agreement of 1898, which tpnded.to the farther allay ing of the old Bismarckian traditions of jealousy and suspicion towards Great Britain. Unlike in the case of France *«he effett in this instance has been a marked improvement in the relatione between the two nations, upon which the personal views of the great Chan cellor exercised so prejudicial an in fluence. His memoirs have served to furnish ampte evidence of his utter lack of reliance upon British friend ship, though he was always care ful not to jeopardise needlessly the good relations between the ! two countries, hi3 grave distrust of our Eastern policy and liberal sym pathies, of his dominant suspicion of and- aversion towards our Royal Family, and of the efforts of the most powerful statesman of modern times I to sedulously foster German prejudices against John Bull. But with the waning of the once all-potent in fluence of this unique personality has come about a very notable change of German feeling in this respect. A marked illustra tion of this radical alteration of the attitude of representative Germans with regard to British aspirations abroad has been cited by the Times from an article in a prominent Berlin periodical by Dr Carl Peters, the conqueror of German East Africa and the former implacable foe of Great Britain. The writer forcibly impresses upon his countrymen the dominant position and power of the nation which, with her 12,000,000 of square miles, owns more than one quarter of all tha terra firma on the face of the globe, and in her 400,000,000 subjects holds sway over one-fourth of all the human race. By this foreign, and at one time bitterly hostile, critic a high tribute to our prowess is thus conveyed—“ The issue of the recent Anglo-French conflict has proved that Great Britain is still one of the Great Powers of Europe and a serious factor in any calculations made by the continental military States. But it would be a grave error to believe England’s position in Europe to be the essential part of her importance to. the world. True, Great Britain is one of the six Great Powers of Europe ; but she iB also an American, an African, an Australian, and, above all, an Asiatic Great Power. An outpost of Europe proper, the British Empire is the leading power in all the other four parts of the world, though she may' have to share this leadership with the United States in America, and with Russia in Asia. Britannia rules the | waves; her dominion spans the five oceans of the earth, for she is the ■ Great Power of our age, just as Rome was the Great Power within the nar rower confine of the ancient world.” Nor can Dr Peters discern any menace to European States in the unparal leled advance of our colonisation. As to outlets for the surplus popula tion of the fatherland, he does not fail to acknowledge that German emigrants are welcomed in British colonies and treated just like Englishmen, that Germans who reside abroad in our colonies and dependencies, or wherever our influence has opened up new fields of commerce and enterprise, have long since realised that they are just as free as our own countrymen to go in and out by every door we have thrown and kept open, while returns of German trade are there to show that German industry haß reaped its full share, in some places even the lion’s share, of the benefits accruing to each and all from a policy which gives in theory and in practice complete equality of opportunity. Neither as to colonisa tion nor as to commercial competition is the conflict of interests of the two powers likely to warrant serious dis turbances of their amity. In Africa they have found it practicable to work amicably together as to the inheritance of Portuguese territories to mutual advantage. In the Far East they are likely to be found also in accord (with the possible potent alliances of Japan and the United States), and there is at this juncture a good deal of significance in the view of one who was of yore one ’of the most Anglophopist of Germans that “ it is well imaginable that the greatest Power on land and the strongest Power at sea should hold together in politics, and thus share the rule of the earth.” Cr Shoppee continues to display a laudable zeal and energy in his efforts to hasten on the completion of the Sturt street improvements. No doubt he will encounter considerable opposi tion to any immediate extension of the purely aesthetic side of municipal activity, but the work in question must be undertaken sooner or later, and delay is scarcely justifiable. Ere very long the Queen’s stafue will arrive, and its opening will doubtless be the occa sion of the assembling of a large con course in tha City, to whom it is advis able that any contemplated improve ments in the finest of Australian thoroughfares should be presented in a fairly advanced condition instead of in a state of chaos. Of coarse in dividual interests and objections to such civic improvements will claim due consideration and raise some trifling difficulties, but these are not likely to be of such a nature a3 to preclude means of satisfactory adjust ment. Nor should they be permitted to unduly restrain the commendahle ambition of the ex mayor to see Bal larat City kept in line with the more progressive municipalities of the old world, and to the fore-front of those of Australia. The old fashioned Bumbledom of the parish vestry which spurns the modern idealistic functions of advanced local governing institu tions as ill becomes the council of such a municipality as Ballarat as does the importation of the language of bitter invective, coarse abase, and vulgar recrimination into the council cham ber. Though Cr Ball's intention to resign his seat as a representative of tha south ward in the City Council has only just b-en notified, quite a nnwb-r of aspirants to fill the vacancy are alr»ady announced. . A.i by ns yesterd-y, strong -Sorts will bo made to induce Mr R. SI .ddern to oorn a forward, and a nnmbsr of the friends of Mr W. D. Hill, the well known auctioneer, are desirou-i that he should place hia services at the disposil of the ratepayers. Mr Douglass, of South Btreet, who has been apprnaahad on several oooasione, i* said to b* a likely oandidate. Masers H. L mie, J. Lyons, and R. Pearsa, though they have not yet announced their intensions, are also being pressed by their friends to oome forward. The graoting of. the lease of tha Town Hall Koserve to the Last Ohauae Mining Company, is now within measurable distance of comple tion, after > he prolonged oontes* for the lease between the company and the Britannia Company. A communication was received at tbs i own olerk’s ofSo-, Ballarat East, yester day, asking whether the oonaoil consents to tba granting ef the Isess to mins at or bslow a depth of 800 fest from tbe sorfaoe. The matter will be brought before the Town Connoil on Friday, bat it is not likely that any objeotion will be offered, although, as tbe oonnoillors informed the Minister of Minea when be visited the locality, tba exempting of _tha reaerra altogether from mining operations would be preferrad. It will be remembered that on that occasion the Minister intimated tbat be wee not prepared to do this, and ae an alternative the oonnoil agreed to the limiting of the operations to a depth of 800 feet. The intercolonial cricket match between New Smth Wales and South Australia was continued yesterday. The Sontb Australians completed their inoings for a total of 469, which left the home teem 234 runs to get to avert a defeat. Contrary to expectations the nistah was not c -naladed yesterday, and when slumps were drawn for 'he day the eooring board showed a total of 247 rune for the loss of seven wickets. Of that number M. A. Noble contributed 101 and F. Iredale77. New South Wales have thus to make only seyeo runs to win, with three wicketß to fell. Ref-rring'oa paragraph that appeared in The Star yesterday an-nt the treatment meted out by the Public Works Department to the Ballarat School of Mines as compared with others, the director points nnt that there is no comparison in the work of this school and the one quoted yesterday. In the latter there are only three or four mining students £s against ten times tbat number here, yet the first named are having erected for their con venience a full; eqn'pped cyanide plant, batteries, engines, to. One feet tbat probably misleads the department is this, that when a return is sent in nf, say, seventy pnpils, it doss not mean the ao'uat number studying a certain subject, but the aotutl number of subjects being studied. Thus, it it is stated that 50 per cent, of the seventy mentioned are engaged nn assay ing, it would mean as itacta>lly does in the above case that there are only three who are j studying assaying, for three pnpils practising I assaying and one or two other subj -cts could easily aoconnt for a large percentage of the aotual number of subjects. As against this the number of student* in 'he Sahool of Mines I ie so large, not only in percentage of sub jncts being studied, bnt in actual figures, that they consider tbat the treatment meted oat to them iB anything bat fair. The school is the largest in the colony, it has a greater number of paeses than all the other eohnols pat together, and, as has been frequently stated, the eohool is unable to cope with the work sent in, owing to the lack of a suitable and adequate plant. Several officers have from time to time been sent from Melbourne to enquire into the wants of the school in this respect, and, without exception, have reported that it is entitled to a proper mining plan', yet for some reason nothing further is heard of the matter. The young porter Ryan, whose arm was ornshed -S by a truak at the Western railway station more than a week ago, is now able to walk abaut, and has so far recovered from the effeats of his psiofnl accident that be expects to be able to retnro to hie home in a day or two. Henry Mills, the Smythesdale resident, who had the misfortune to break his thigh on Saturday ne»k, is also, considering hia ad vanced age—B4ye*ra—progressing as well ae can be expected. In bis case recovery is ex peoted to he somewhat tedions. Considerable indignation was expressed yes terday by members the cyoling clubs at the utterances of Cr Wliykes at . the last City Counoii meeting in regard to the percentage nt the gross takings at the last race meeting, handed over to the council. The secretaries of tbeclnbe, together with their hon. solicitor, Mr Mark Lszsrus, waited on Cr Wliykes yes terday, and sought an explanation. Cr | Whykes said tbat while the report in The ; Star was quite correct, other journals bad | oredited him with very severe animadversions un the cyoling clubs, nliioh he oertainiy had not intended, aod he intended at the next cnnncil mee'ing to make an explanation to that effec'. 1 1 view of this fact uo farther action is likely to bs taken. A ynog mao named Herbert L»ony, a resi d-nt of Pleasant street, attended at the Hospi tal ye-terday under the supposition that lie had been bitten by a snake. He was working with others in a hayfiald at Miner’s B‘st. and daring the morning a snake was killed. E>rly in the afternoon, feeling a pricking sensation in one of his lege, he asked one of his mates whether lie could tell a snakebite, and on reo-iviog an affirmative reply, rolled up hit trousers and showed two marks, apparently puoctureß, on one nf his legs. His mats con sidered it was a Snakebite, an i Lacey w-s promptly brought in to tbs Hospital.. An examination, however, showed that the punc tures were too dose together to be the result of a snakebite, and as lie did not present any of the symptoms of poisoning he was allowed to leave withont treatment. A cheap excursion from Melbourne to Adelaide will be run to-morrow, arriving at Bdlarat in the evening. These exoursione ware formerly ran by Cooks, bat the depart ment has now taken them in band. Accidents as follow were treated at the Hospital yesterday: Thomas Gladmao, fifteen years of age, living in Clyde lane, internal injury, the result of a fall through tripping over a piece of wire; Henry Coppin, on elderly man, living in Humffrsy street, injury ro foot, oaused by a b-iok falling on it; Joseph Lambert, an old man living in Peel street, ont on ohaek, ceased by a boiMe bursting whilst he wss filling it at Goodfellow’a aerated water manufactory. Two boys, named respectively Gregory O’Shea and Edward Smith, appeared before Messrs H. Josephs and I. Pearae, J’s.P., at the Town Court yesterday, charged with stealing a number of bottles of ink and emp'y bottles fmm 'be pr*mi-es nf Mr Solomon Book, bootmaker, of Main road. Evidence was given to the affeot that Mr Book left hia place securely looked up nn S iturday night last, bnt when he cuss on Monday morning tn start work the bottles were missing, and an amatenr bootmaker had left traces of his work nn two pairs of boot", wbioh ware cat and destroyed. Mr Book gave information to the polica, with the result that Plain olothes Constable Montague arrested the accused on Monday evening. The boys pleaded guilty. Tb*y Baid they had sold the s'olau articles to a second- hand dealer for 101, whioh they spent on pastry. They admitted gaining an entranoe i to the simp from a window at the rear. A married sister of one of the aconsed offered to take charge of her brother, while Mr | West L*u promised to try end'find employ ment for the oth“r. A fine of 5s was imposed against each offender. MrsSini'h, the mo - h*r of one of the boys, asked for time in wbioh to pay the fine, bnt Sergeant Balohin observed that she had told him aba had £lO in her honse a- a reserve food for any fines that might be imposed. Mrs Smi'h replied, “So I have, bnt it is not always convenient to part with money.” She was reprimanded for hot im pudence, and was asked if ahe was recently fined for not sending her boy to eobonl. She replied in the affirmative, and Mr Josephs observed, “ Well, here you have the result of oot sending yonr boy to school. The fine mast be paid before the boy le ivas the court.” It is understood that Mr W. Morgan, the well-known cricketer, is tn be invited to taka partin the forthcoming mstoh between Vic toria and Tasmania. In view of Mr Morgan’s recent severe accident, it is doubtful if he will be able to avail himself of the invitation. For years a system was adopted of electing the jionse committee of the Orphan Asylum wbioh, in the opinion of the ni-jority nf the members of the general commut-a was unfair to them, as, they considered it virtually placed tba oon'rol of the institution in the bands nf a few, while other-, who had been for years on the general committee, knew vary little of the de'aila of management. Tbi- feeling cnlmin ated in the aarryingof a resolution, at a recent meeting of the general oatnmittee, re commending to the subscriber* the alter ation of the by law regulating the •l-otion nf the honse committee, and the substitution therefor of a regulation under which one-half of the general committee would act as house committee for the first six months, and the otb“r halt for the balance of the year. At the meeting of the general oom mittee last night Mr Duao a-ked the prn«i den' whan ha intended to oall the masting. Mr W. D. M’Kee remarked that no doubt it wnnld be oalled in daa rime. The president (Mr I. Pearc*) ,thank--d Mr M’K-e, and re in irked that he would call the meeting in due time. Mr Dunn said that was "not good enough.” A resolution had been car ried by the oommittee, and ha wished to know when the presid-nt intended to give eff-ot to it. Mr Pearce replied that be intended to visit the asaside in the coarse of a few days, and on his return he would give the matter consideration. Mr Dnnn expressed his satisfaction at that assaranoe. He trnsted the president’s premise, and had no doubt that ha wonld lose no time iu calliog the subscribers together. They did not want to have the matter shelved for another year. A paragraph which appears in the November number of Engineering has more than a little interest for Ballarat readers. It mentions that in n paper read before the Engineers’ Club, Philadelphia, Mr J. C.,Trantwine advocated the general adoption of the meter as the only means of preventing the excessive waste of water for which the population of that city have established an unenviable reputation. In two streets, having 539 inhabitants aod 782 appliances, it was found that the daily supply was no - less than 179 imperial gallons per head, of which bnt twenty four were need,.the remainder passing direct to the sewers. Mr Trantwine, to meat the parfeotly proper contention that it is im portant that the population should not be restricted in the use of water, proposed to fix the minimum meter charge at such a rate that everyone will hare all the water he oau Dossibly use, so that the surobarga will arise from the waste only. The system bae been tried with great success in several American oities. Thus at Atlanta, Ga., the meter system was introduced amidst a storm of protests, and 400 oonanmers ordered the water to ; he cut off from their booses. Soon, however, finding the pressure and eervioe muoh improved under the new system, they came trooping back, and now it is stated that it wonld be impos •tble to return to the previous state of things. In 1835, with 2000 consumers, about tba •*»» araon” of water wan pumped as in 1895 with 6008 donsumsrs. In general the consumers nee nearly the fall amount allowed under the minimam rate. One remit of the adoption of the metere was an improvement in the fire Berrioe, as the pressure at the distant ends of the mime was enormonely increased. Natur ally, also, where waste is reduced _ the on*stion of efficient filtration, _ which is of such prime hygenio importance, is immensely simplified. Edqoiries concerning the misting woman, who was considered as the likely victim in connection with the boot trunk myßtery were continued yesterday by Senior-Constable Purnell. It was found that she had left her situation at Bnuinyong, and, acting on a state ment made by the woman’s sister, Senior-Con stable Purcell proceeded to a farm at Win dermere, and found her employed tbßjre ae a servant. A remarkable oircnmetance in con nection with the matter was tbe very oloae resemblance that this woman appeared to bear to that of the victim. An accident, fortunately unattended with serious consequences, occurred yesterday after noon at Dnnnstown. A vehicle drawn by two horse-, belonging to M r K. M. Goodfellow, was standing outside the Shamrock hotel, whilst the driver was inside transacting business. By some unexplained means the horses sud denly took fright and bolted. Before their progress could be arraated they o*me into collision with a buggy driven by Mr T. Foley. The Utter’s vehicle was considerably damaged, bnt otherwise no barm resnltsd. ’ Tbe weekly meeting of the Ballarat Regatta committee was held at Craig’s hotel last night; the vice-president, .Ur E. Shew, in the chair, and a large attendance of members. It was decided ta engage a brass band >n play a programme of musio during the progress of the regatta. With tbe view of letting the public know the results of the various races, it was decided to indicate, by means of flees, the winning crews, which it ‘is considered will be a great improvement on the old system. It was deaidad to arrange a programme of water sports, to take place off View Point, and a sum of mooey was set apart for the purpose indicated. It was decided to display the Dawson Cap, a trophy for the Senior Bight event, in Mrs Hide’s win low, Sturt street. It is expected that there will be at least six entries for this race. After transacting a quantity of routine business the committee adjourned. Tbe Rev. J. A. Soper’a resignation, which has jnst been tendered, will take effect from March next. It is tbe rev. gentlemen’s intention to engage in evangelistic work throughout the oolonies for the next twelve months, after which he contemplates a trip to the old country. The question of electing a snccea-or will ehortty be taken into considera tion by the officers of the churoh. The anneal pionio of the children wbo are inmates of the Orphan Aaylntn took plaos at the City gardens ysaterday, when everything passed off most enece-afnlly. The weather was delightful, and the arrangements were admirable. After mircliing from the Asylnm to the tramwiy terminus iu Sturt street, th» youngsters were conveyed ih drs to the gardens, where everyibing was done that could be to give them a pleasant day. Mr Taylor very kindly gave them a sail in his yicht, and the president (.Mr I. Pearce) and Messrs J. N. Dunn, J. M. Klin“, Harvey, Walker, and Peany (members of committe-) assists.l in the entarlaiiim-nt of the orphans. The superintendent and matron —Mr and Mrs Kenny—were constant in their efforts to add to the enjoyment of tbe yonng folk, whose happy faces testified to their success. The re;urn journey was mide by tram, and from the terminus the youngsters were kindly con veyed to the Asylnm by sever and cabmen. The seoond session of tbe Ballarat Evange lioal Alii nice was hold last night at. the Barkly street Wesleyan School Hill. There was a good attendance, and a m ‘S'- ancnessfnl meet ing resulted. The R>v. F. C. Vim delivered an interesting address on “ The Churolr Uni versal.” The Bishop of Ballarat (Dr ThorntoD) on the occasion of a recant visit to the Lake Condab Mission Station, made the following entry in the visitors’ book:—"It is th'ee years since I last visited the station. It is iwenty-three years since I first visited it. I think of writing in a magazine a psper setting forth tbe contrast nf its present with its past. I will, therefore, content myself wi'h saying that from a wild jungle of 30 years ago, these 2500 aores of oot very good land have b-en turned, by aboriginal labor alone, under Christian gnidsnoe and diaoipline, into a snpsrb station property, thoroughly fenoed, and etooked with the beat improvements including twenty-three substantial stone build ings, and a very handsome stone church, with tower and spire complete. A swamp, from wbioh my travelling oarriaga years ago was with tbe greatest difficulty extracted, has b‘sn drained, and now smiles with thickly stocked pastnre and bushy orops, while the nea'ly cleared and wire-fenced paddocks are knee-deep in grass. Thsre is no room for donbt aa to tbe agency by which all this has been—under God’s blessing—accomplished. A hard headed old coionis', who ‘ never believed in a bNakfellow doing a good day’a work,’ after looking over the station, was con strained to admit it. The patient, wise incuiaaiian of Christian principles here presents to tbe eye its visible and tangible results. Like Condah Mission Station has been turned into the home of a community of orderly, industrious, cb-erfal, and contented Australian aborigines. I held service at 8 o’clock Thursday afternoon, 90 attended, sang sweetly, and listened to my sermon with keen int-rest. Thirty communicated. This morn ing held family prayers in the school. A large nnmber attended, tn whom I spoke parting words from a full and grateful—if somewhat saddened—heart, for they are dying away. I nnoe met 130 blacks here—l now meet 64. The cemetery holds the dust of some 130. —(Signed) Samuel Ballabat.” The many friends of Mr E. S. Curtis, the well-known prodnoe merohant if Peel street, Ballarat East, will regret to learn that Mrs Cartis, who was on a holiday trip at Geelong, died suddenly yesterday morning at that town. She arrived at Geelong with her little girl on Christmas Eva, an( j en j ,y 9( j g oo a health until 12 o’clock on Monday night, when she was suddenly taken ill. She grew worse, and expired at 4 o’clock io the morning. The doctor who was called in was of opinion that owing to violent retobing a clot of blood settled on tbe heart and canssd collapse. The deceased wae 30 years of age, and had been married nine years. The funeral will take plaoa to morrow. The following paragraoh appeared in a rec«nt issne of tbe l)un*Uy and Bet Bet Express-. —"We are sore all who know the Rev. C. E. Bickmore, of St. John’s Churoh of England, will deeply regret to learn that, after a short residence am mg«t u*, be has deoided to leave Dunolly, having Hoo-pted the appoint m-nt nf ourate to tbe Dean of Ballarat. The appointment is regarded as a moat suitable one for Mr Bickmore, and in connection with which his splendid qualities can be of much service. It can be said here ihat all who have come in contact with Mr Biokraor- moat highly respect and esteem him aa a powerful preaober, straightforward and outspoken, and ae a eym pathatio i»nd kindly gentleman. He is what may be nailed a manly preacher, simple, and full of intense earnestness and z wl, and speak ing his thoughts freely and fearlessly. He has been regarded, from his bresd'h of view and liberal sentiments, as an acquisition to our district by those of his own congregations and by the general public. We all regret most deeply that we are about to loss a gentle man of such high attainments, of such self saarificing spirit, and of such strong person ality. It will be ptobably about three weeks before Mr Bickmore leaves us.” Warder Rowe, of the Ballarat gaol, who has been transferred to Pentridge to tbe charge of the printing ronra there, leaves on the 23rd to taka up his new duties. Ha will take the place of Warder Thompson, who has, for many years, been overseer of the printers’ shop at Pentridge. Amongst the many who have recently re turned tn Victoria from Western Australia is Mr 3. B. Schlam, who, after an absence of seven years, intends to again take up his residence in this colony, and in all probability start in business in Ballarat. Mr Schlam during his stay in the Western colony ocou pied several important positions, inolnding that of the Mayoralty of Menzies. Ha was also a president of the A.N.A. at Menzies and Kanowna, and was prominently identifiad with the development of mining. . The monthly meeting of the Orphan Asylum general committee was held last night, at the B .»rd Riom. Present—Messrs I. Pearoe (president), D. Fitzpatrick, W. D. M’Kse, J3. Mcrphy, M L.A.. J. Peady, J. Harvey, W. T. Glenn, J. M. Kline, J. M. Bickett, J. n! Dunn, A. Levy, J. Richards, S. Walker! J. B. Catbcart, H. Josephs, and E, W. G. Chamberlain. The house com mittee’s report mentioned that there are 85 boys and 62 girls in the Asylum; all well. Grateful reference was msde to the kindness of friends in providing Christmas and New Year's cheer for the yonng folk, and a flattering reference to an exhibition provided by the gymnastia class of boys and girls at the invitation of the 3rd Battalion tournament The committee recommended that €lO be voted for trenching in the eastern paddock. The president, two vice-presidents, and Mr Phillips had .been appointed a sob committee to arrange for the annnal excursion to Qneensaliff. Adopted. The correspon dence was of a formal nature,incladingseveral donations, which will be acknowledged in due time. The following accounts were pa>sed for . psymem-Salanes, wages, and commission. £5O 1 Is 7d; Victorian Lime and Cement Company, w H Gilh °°i«y. U« c eS 1 s?’ 2J; A Susmsn and Co- £3 £l9 7i ’ Gao - King, £1217* 9 ijJ. Davies, £l3 I7s lOd; W Trot man, 13-; W. HWt, £4 I3s; Bsllerab Qss Company, £4 2-9d; J. Twenty man. £18s; H Adsir and Cos., £W I4s 4d; R. L. Niohoi), £l6 9« lOd; J. Stranger, £2 14s 7d; S. Book, £4 14s Sd; H. Rehfisoh, 10h( J Martin, £3 9s 9J - B. Ramgay, £l-7- 3d; 77. Reidy, 10s; T.- Osborne and Son, 18s lid; Water C->mmia. sionera, £1; Eyres Bros., £6; W. Walker, £J Os lOd; Wns. Kerr. £1 2s Gd; B. Irey, 5- 3d; Hy. Jone>, 9«: E. Lee, £1 3s; sundries, £2 Is 6d. Total, £169 2s Id. After the tr»n»»ctioa of a little routine business the meeting cleeed. St. Paul’s Cbnrch of England, Ballarat E»it, has aoqnired the aeryioea of a rery abla preaohnr and aoholar in tho person of the Bsr. F. Boyline, late minister of the Baptist Chnrcb, Warrnambool. Mr Boy ling hie decided, after long consideration, to serer his connection with the Baptist Church, and to join the Anglican Church, with the result that ha has been appointed lay render at St. Paul's. He will take up his duties at tbs churoli at »n early date. Many a bushfire baa bean caused by the carelessness of people who, when lighting their pipes, throw the raatob»s beedlee-ly oa to the grass or scrub, and on Monday a biaz* was started in this manner at Mr Troops’* residence at Coghill’a Creek. Two persona drove past in a buggy, both of whom wets smoking, and tb-v had hardly got out of sight before the flames burst out in a clump of dry grass on the road and travelled rapidly to th 9 fence, which was soon in a blaze. Fortunately a timely alarm w»» given, and the residents were able to extinguish the flames before any great damage was done. Bu’ in the track of tho fire was a very large haystack, and had tha flames reached it nothing could have prevented a serious conflagration. It would be ae well that such persona as those referred to ba in. formed that a very heavy penalty attaches to the causing of fires by the careless use of matches. It is stated that »o'ion is to be taken against the persons who are alleged In have aaused the fire that devastated Bnninyong oa Monday. On the 27'b ul\, a man named M ia“- Jones is alleged to have obtained a saddle by falsa pretenoes from Mr A. N. Campbell Snort, oE Bnninyong. He used the name of Mr Hale, the shire secretary, to obtain the saddle, and having got it, rode away in the direction oE Geelong, where he is sta'ed to have disposed of it. A warrant was i-sued, and Constables M'Phee and Brady set out in searoh of the accused, whom they traced to Birregnrra, some forty mi'ee away. They reaoh“d thin place on Sunday morning, after an all night ride, and came upon the acoused sleeping under a haystack. He was -rr-sted, and yeaturday was bronght to B ill irat en route to Buninyong, where the charge will be heard. The young man Wdter Wyldi», who ie charged with embezzlement at, Cairns, Queens land, was presented at tb“ City C 'Urt yester day, before Messrs Thomp-nn, Con man, Graham, and Permewan, J’a.P., and again remanded for a week owing to the non- arrival of ■ the warrant from Queensland. He was allowed out on tha earn- b* 1 1 as previously, Strong excepiion has been taken to tha statement contained in a r-c-mt issu- nt a metropolitan weekly that the Ballarat regatta I would not take plaoe, and at the meeting o£ ' the committee lest night it was decided to [ request the pap-r publishing the assertion to make a contradiction. It has not been con- I sidered necessary so far to even think of abandoning tbe regatta, and it will be held oa the date originally chosen, th» 26th January. Five colleo-ors’ licenses were granted at tha Town Court yesterday. .A statement of reo j ipta and expenditure of the Town Council for the last three monthe, ending 31st nit., has been completed, and shows that the expenditure for that period wae £3314 lie 41, iooluding—Main eoance, £670; reserves and gardens. £165; contracts, £172; stonebreaking, £139 11- 31; gas and electric street lighting, £216; grant and charities, £lll 12a; asm ary contractors, £473; metal supply, £148; and interest on loans and sinking fund, £3lO. The r c.-iut( for the three months amnnu’ed to £1923 19s 6d, leaving a debit balance of £1315 11a 101. Forms of the income tax schedule may now ba obtained at the Post Office, railway eta ion, treasury, and County Court. The old-fashioned festival of Twelfth Night (old Christmas Nigh’) wag kept atSt. P-ul’i, Ballarat East, on Friday evening by a p wish aooial gathering m the Sunday school, which wae deooraterl in Christims fa-hi-m. Tha origin Bnd use of the feetiral were »xpl .ined in a abort address by Archdeacon Tucker. The following programme was gone through:— Overture on the pi-no, Misß Weldon; recita tion," The relief of Lnolcn •«*,” Miss Devins; reading, "Dr M-rigold’a daughter,” front Diokens’ Christmas tale “Dr Marigdd.” Mr Hosking; recitations, E. A. Poe’e “Raven” and the “Courtship of Miss Squeer-,” Mr John Bobeon; songs, “The mistletoe bongh,’’ Miss Weldon; "The carnival," Mi-s Mary Allan; “The valley by lh» e-a,” Miss Eidy; saored song, “N zareth,” Mr Hall. 8-nii Christmas oarols were sang by 1(19 onmpany, which separated after a pleasant and rery sociable evening. The old bridge over the main ohann»t at Qneen street, Ballarat E«at, partially 00I lapsed yesterday, owing to tbs rotten state of thß timbers supporting it. The strnciure was at once repaired under the supervision of tbe Town engineer, and ibe closing of the bridge to traffic was avoided. Tenders for the erection of the Woman's W-rd at the Hospital closed yeetprd y. at the office of tbe architects, Messrs Clegg, K-11, and Miller. About thirty tenders were rao-ived, and these will bs opened at the m-*-tingof the committee to-night. The estimated cut of the new ward is £6600. It is expeoted that other tenders will arrive from M Iboorne to day, and any bearing yesterday’s post mark will be received. Two members of the team picked to repre sent the B-llarat Fire Brizade in the bon eights Como*tition at tha forthcoming 6re brigades’ demonstration to b J held at Gs j iong have been ohaHeng-d to compete for 'h-ir places in the team. M«ssrs W. D >rk and J. Ferris have challenged Messrs W. Roberts and W. Thowaslreepeo ively. The Batchers’ Employes met last night at tbe Trades’ Hall, Mr G. J. Brennan pre-iiiny. There w>*s a large attendance. It was nnamm onsly decided to join with the Brewers’ snd Cordial. Manufacturers in tlieir exonrsion to Geelong and Melbourne on Wednesday, 15lb February. The secretary was instructed to write to the Master Butchers, asking th-t a holiday'ba granted on that date. Judging by the number of applications already received for instruction at the School of Mines, there is every probability of tbs school opening with a full toll tor ths next term. Amongst the applications recetvsd ii one from an officer in the Indian nrmy, wbo states that he has been recommended to s-md hie son to tbe school, and enquires for full particulars, which have of coarse been for warded. It will thus be seen that ths fatal of the school has travailed outside of tbs colonies. The 3rd Battalion gymnastic class opened for the year last night, at tha Orderly E'COi when some good practice wag gone throngh. The club consists of 50 members, and has b-eo very snooesiful during the past 12 mon'hl under the instruction of S rgeaat-M-ijtr Brough. In addition to this officer the cinb has acquired the able services of Mr Otto Jenson as apparatus instructor. The club will meet on Tuesdiy evenings, as formsrly, in tbe Orderly Rnmn. At a meeting last night nf tha eub-commifctes appointed to arrange fur the annual excursion to Qaesnscliff in connection with ibe Orpins Asylum, it wag resolved that the excur-ico should take plaoe on the 16 h February. This outing is always a popular one with the public, inasmuch as good orrangem-’nta art made and the prices for tickets are fixed such figures as to indnae those who wish to visit the seashore to embraae the opportunity- A large sale of tickets is therefore antici pated. 