BREVITIES. The usual fortnightly Council mooting is due for next Monday evening. Tenders are invited in this issue for competent valuers to carry out the year's municipal valua- tion. Mr. Inspector Rowan, of the Mines Depart ment, has been in town on an official visit this week. Among tho voluntary sequestrations of the week appears the name of Alfred Jones, of Lith- gow, laborer. . Next District Court in Lithgow will be held on Friday, tho 10th inst. There is only one case down for hearing. The wntor-jacket at the Cobar copper refining works' was again started on Wednesday and is now running as usual. The coal trade here appears to be irregular. Possibly if all the pits worked equally it would average half time or so. At the local lands office this week Thomas Cosgrove, of Porter's Retreat, applied for an annual lease of 1280 acres in the parish of Gur- nang. Tho Mayor says that the question of obtaining a new piano for the School of Arts has not yet been considered, though the need for such is generally recognised. A court of review under the Land and Income Tax Act will be held here next Friday, imme diately after tho sitting of the District Court. There is but one case to be heard. Owing to sudden illness, we are requested to state that the sermon which Rev. Mr. Laseron is advertised to preach next Sunday will be preached on Sunday .week instead. Hon. J. Cook states that the special grant of £75, which he-recently obtained for the hospital, was given towards the erection of the proposed ward for tho treatment of infectious cases. Tho weather during the past week has again been very changeable, varying from great heat to winter cold. Some of the nights were par ticularly cold ; bushfires, also, are again in evi dence. By an advertisement in this issue it will be seen that the Cooorwull tweeds may now be ob tained either in lengths or made to order, Messrs. Beveridgo and Co. have been appointed agents. Miss Salter informs us that the gross proceeds of tho hospital concert on Monday night amounted to about JE9r Expenses will absorb about £5, leaving a balance "of some jE4 for- the hospital. Mr. R. T. Hudson, the victim of tho recent prosecution under the Pharmacy Act, left hero yesterday with his family for Sydney, en route to Now Zealand, whore he proposes to onter into business. At the hospital this morning thero were three patients in. Mrs. Goodhead, whose accident through burning was "recently reported, is getting on well. The matron, who lias not been very well lately, is now also much better. We hear that young Barnes, whose accident at the rifle range is reported elsewhere, is getting on all right. The fragmenes of tho shattered rifle have been collected and handed over by Presi dent Coulcher to the officer commanding the Lithgow volunteer company. In regard to tho reported extensive gas leakage the Mayor informs us that he has not vet finally dealt with the question. He is, however, pre paring a scheme for a unified system of control in the gas and water services, and will lay the matter before the Council next Monday night. " Following are tho municipal nominations : — Lithgow ward, Messrs. J. James and A. Everitt ; Clwydd ward, Messrs. J. Owens and R. Craw ford ; Eskbank ward, Messrs. J. W. Spoonerand H. Dyball. For auditors, Messrs. J. F. Mo Laughlan, ; R. Vought, A. H. Clapin, and G. F. Taylor. The local volunteers had a whole day parade last Saturday, With regard to the captaincy, we understand that Capt. Bracey, whose resig nation has not yet been finally accepted, is still on leave of absence. It is generally expected that Lieut. Burns, who is at present in obarge, will obtain tho position. Mayor Spoonor, in announcing his candidature for Eskbnnk ward, relics on his past services for approval and support. Undoubtedly the service performed by Mayor Spoonor in bursting tho fraud bubble last year has been stamped with approval and merits support. Of course it was only his duty, but he did it.. 