THE NATURALIST Bird Life in New Zealand. By F. R. C. To the naturalist the birds of New Zea- land form the subject of one of the more interesting chapters in the whole history of the realm of Nature. It to hard to say what it the continental area to which New Zealand belongs.. Its affinity with Aus- tralia, judged by its plants and live crea- tures, is very remote. It possesses no marsupials, nor, indeed, any land mam- mals, save such as accompany man in his wanderings. We miss the snakes and the gum trees, and the cheerful creaking of the frogs. Almost all the things which are truly characteristic of Australia are want- ing in New Zealand. Parrots there are, but most of them are strangely different from their Australian congeners. The truth Is that the isolation of New Zealand from Australia is of so old a date that the affi- nlty between the two Is very remote. Wal- lace in " Island Life" tells us that such as that affinity is, it is between New Zealand and Northern Queensland and New Guinea rather than with temperate Australia, and that the union of the two districts took place at a remote period when North- eastern Australia had not yet received its supply of marsupials, which came in when Nature raised up from the ocean the strip of sea bottom constituting South Australia and the Northern Territory, and so decreed the first federation between Eastern and Western Australia. One great feature common to the two countries is the possession of great struthious birds. It is true that our best specimens are dead ; but most well ordered museums possess a few moa skeletons, and we still have four living species of kiwi, a diminutive representative of the tribe which the first white men in New Zealand called the emu. Now the result of all this isolation has been the gradual production of strange forms of bird life. New Zealand did not procure the moas from Australia, so far, at least, as we know. They only mark the singular fact that though the Northern Hemisphere boasts few such, each great land extension in the Southern Hemisphere possesses representa- tives of this giant tribe. Thus Africa has the ostrich, South America the rhea, Mada-- gascar had the epiornis, New Zealand the moa and kiwi, and the Islands to the north of Australia the cassowary. How those birds came to be so distributed remains a mystery. but it seems evident that they have, so to speak, radiated from some southern rather than from a northern centre. From the position in which countless bones are found, the moa evidently lived both in the forest and in the open country, and one species at least was particularly fond of the sea- shore. Some years ago I found the food of the moa in a most unmistakable way. I had collected several sets of gizzard stones. easily identified by their lying with the skeleton. They were used as by the common hen for grinding up food, and run to about 4lb. or 5lb. of white quarts pebbles in each gizzard. Some of them I found In swamps embedded in pure peat, which had preserved the con- tents. In this mass it was not difficult to identify several plants belonging to the common herbage of the mountains about Dunedin. The kiwi is a bird of different habits. He lives In dense forests, moves about at night, feeds on worms, which he draws out of the ground with his long beak, and generally shuns everything and every- body. He is very handsome, and Is like no other bird. His beak has nostrils at the tip instead of at the base. He has no wings, which are represented by little spurs on his sides. The egg of the kiwi is monstrously large as compared with the bird, being sometimes 5in. long. The feathers some what resemble emu feathers, but an finer and of rich colour. The feathers of the moa have been found; they are douple- shafted, like those of the emu. The moa's eggs, like those of the kiwi, are pure white. Of these, two or three perfect and several imperfect ones ex- ist, besides which fragments of shell are easily obtained. An egg dredged out of the auriferous banks of the Molyneux River has recently been rescued and placed In the Dunedln Museum. The moa was a bird of much heavier build than the ostrlch, and its form again attests its long isolation. Some- thing like twenty-five species are known to science by their skeletons. The truth is that New Zealand must have been peopled by birds and cut off from the great world, to which it never has been joined since mam- mals were created. This is a strong asser- tion, but no trace of a mammal skeleton has ever been found, save those of seals, whales, &c.; Among the most interesting land birds of New Zealand are the rails. The most fami- liar of them is the Pukeko or common red- billed coot. Maori tradition says that It was brought by their ancestors in a canoe, but, If there Is any truth In this story, It only means that It was brought from the Kerma- decs, the nearest Pacific island, at which some of the canoe voyagers who peopled New Zealand are believed to have touched. One of the most charming of the rail tribe is Ocydromus, of which there are several species. This is variously known as the Maori hen, the woodhen, and by other names. It is, however, now more usually called by its native name, the Weka. It Is the size of a small pullet, and possesses a sharp, strong beak, and has a bright tawny plumage. One species Is nearly black, and pure white al- binos have been captured. It Is a very In- quisitive bird, as any one knows who camps near a forest, for these birds will come about a camp, enter the tents, and steal anything their strength will permit them to carry, with an especial weakness for appropriating spoons and other bright objects. The Maoris have many sayings about the weka which seem to recognise Its wisdom and cunning. Though It has fine wings it is absolutely without power of flight. It lives on the plains, in scrub, and in forest. I suppose that in course of time the tendency which rails have of taking cover rather than flying has led In the case of this forest rail toa total abandonment of the habit. At one time it was everywhere plentiful, but the dogs, and perhaps the poison of the rabbits, have caused fearful destruction in graz- ing districts. I have sometimes taken cover while duck shooting among sedge and thistle, and in half-an-hour have found myself surrounded on ail sides by dozens of these curious and handsome creatures whose rather stately appearance rather suggested a past geological age. Their confiding fearlessness has led to their destruction in many districts, but in others they are com- mon. Not many years ago they were still in the habit of occasionally wandering among the houses in the city of Wellington. A certain amount of sport Is sometimes got out of this bird by coursing it with ter- riers, but the poor creature is too con- fiding and usually comes to grief without a proper run. It Is eaten by bush people, but this is sometimes dangerous near civil- isation, as it is a carrion-eater. It Is a good ally in exterminating young rabbits; but falls easily before Its rival, the ferret. Being very fat it gives a quantity of oil, which bushmen use as a specific for rheu- matism. There are several other kinds of rail, be- sides some large extinct forms, but by far the most interesting of these is the great takahe (Notornls Mantelli). Two speci- mens of this bird were obtained more than fifty years since, before which it was only known by a few bones obtained in the North Island. These are In the British Museum. It was long supposed to be extinct, but one K. NASSOOR DEY. CONSUL FOR TURKEY IN AUSTRALIA. Photo, by Freeman and Co., Sydney. was captured in 1878, and sold to the Dres- den Museum for £120. Last year one was captured by a dog, and brought out of the forest to a man walking on the shores of Lake Te Anau. This was secured for the Dunedin Museum by Government for £100, the patriotic owner refusing a larger offer made by an English collector. The same thing happened with the moa's egg. A Dunedln citizen got it for £50, and handed It to the museum for less, despite a foreign offer of £100. The four specimens of No- ternis were obtained In four distinct parts of the vast alpine forest which covers the south-western angle of New Zealand from the sea to a height of 3000ft. Two of them were obtained on large mountain- islands in the sounds of Otago ; two others on the eastern side of the range. Maori tra- dition tells that they were formerly hunted there. Though now rare, it is evident that they are not extinct, as the last one is a young bird. The Notornis may be described as a large, heavy, handsome, red- billed coot. Like the kiwi It is a very shy bird, inhabit- ing vast, dense, swampy forests. Among the familiar birds of the Old and New World which are apparently missing from New Zealand are the crows. Closer In- vestigation, however, shows that the tribe is not wholly unrepresented. The crow, like the kiwi and the takahe, is too modest to place himself much in evidence. The blue wattled crow (Glaucapis Wilsoni) inhabits the dense forests in the mountain ranges of the North Island, while the orange wattled crow (G. cinerea) lives in similar localities in the South. They are small graceful birds, loving shade and solitude, but not particular- ly timid. They are unmistakably crows, and those who hare tried the experiment state that the flesh is disagreeably crow-like In flavour. The bird is furnished with a highly-coloured fleshy wattle on each side of its beak, in one case orange and the other blue. In one important respect they are ahead of commoner crows. in that the North Island bird at least has several beautiful notes, and is In fact a true songster. The circumstance of a genus be- ing represented by distinct species in the two islands is by no means uncommon, and It seems to show that these two islands have been long separated. There is a thrush bur- ied in the forests of each Island which has preserved its thrush-like appearance very creditably. As this bird Is a true forest bird, and appears to be in course of extermination. It to but little known to the colonists ; but Sir Walter Buller, the leading authority on the birds of New Zealand, gives it first place among songsters. This bird Pio Pio—gives its same to Milford Sound, which the Maoris call Piopio-tahi. or "one thrush." The cir- cumstances which gave rise to this name is now forgotten. The bush robin is another instance of different Insular species. The South Island robin Is a most charm- ing and companionable bird. When one lights a fire in the bush the robins are sure to come about and have a look at the stran- gers, hopping on the ground within a yard or two of the human intruder, then flying off and returning for another look. The robin has a singular and as yet unexplained habit, or, rather, instinct. If you throw a light- ed match on the ground he will make it his business to put It out. I hare tried this over and over again in widely different localities, and there Is no doubt about it. The robin cautiously approaches the burn- ing match, then suddenly dashes at It, seizes it In his bill, and either whacks it on the ground or flies up in the air with it. I have heard the beak frizzle as the match burned down to it, but the same robin came religiously back for the next one. One of my toys tried the experiment a short time since, but the flame was so large that the robin seemed nervous, but he took up a small stick, and jerked it towards the flame as if to quench it in this way. I have not seen this habit mentioned in any book. Sir Walter Buller had evidently never heard of it when he wrote his great work on the birds of New Zealand. Mr. A. D. Bell, of Shag Valley, who first mentioned It to me, suggests that the robin acts thus under the Impression that he Is killing a glowworm which Inhabits dark gullies and caverns, and may form part of the robin's food, but what- ever may be the explanation, nobody need doubt the fact, as the experiment may be tried in any bit of bush in southern New Zealand. I have never heard whether the North Island species (Petraeca lobgipes) be- haves in the same way.—" Pastoralists' Re- view." Last year native bears excited the solici- tude of the Korumburra Agricultural and Pastoral Society {says the " Australasian"). That body represented to the Commissioner of Customs that the bushfires had done much to exterminate the bear, and what the fires had left undone the fur hunter was rapidly disposing of. " Ruthless destruc- tion" was the only term that fitted the posi- tion. In response to these representations Mr. Best issued a proclamation giving the bears a close season for an Indefinite period. This stirred the Furred Skin Buyers' As- sociation to action, on the ground of the injury it would do their trade, and the fact that trappers would be thrown out of em- ployment all over the country. As a com- promise, it was suggested that the close season should be limited to a few months of the year, say from 1st November to 30th April. The matter is being considered by the department, but it is hardly likely that any definite action will be taken till the Minister returns from New Zealand. Austria Hungary is making an interesting experiment to open up new channels tor Its trade. A steamer fitted up as a floating ex- hibtion of the products of the monarchy is to have Trieste for the chief ports of the Levant, the Red Sea, Hindustan, the East Indies, China, and Japan. Its arrival will he extensively advertised beforehand at each port, and commercial travellers on board will try to secure orders for the exhibitors and to find capable agents at the points touched, daily caper and Givens are experiments which should be tried one at a time." DARNED BRUSSELS POINT LACE. APPLIQUE TEA-CLOTH. NEEDLEWORK AT THE BRISBANE TECHNICAL COLLEGE.—See " Ladies' Pages." SPECIMEN OF MALLARD WORK. SERVIETTE COVER IN RIBBON WORK. 