Sews, in Briefr -? * — w«i — WarSwar! — Transvaal in a 'state ot War.' ? : s-r - -'-v — Oonnbll msetiDg next Wednes day night. . . . . —Those inters»ted Id the Eatoomba Improvement Association are . deter mined to bave another try to prevent * tbe association falling ttirougu. ' —The -tree smolosums along the) l)roid- sports ei'Dasosial on Prince dt Wales blrtliday.» «-? ? ' ' ? - '-' '' .. t--W« ,ar*.aaket).to.ntMiUou.that,- ' :.? tit* Rev; Henry Gftinfard, ot BulmaLo, istoooBduot » aavia days' ; mission in the ; Kiitoombs Cougregatibnal Cburoh . faaglaniog noxt Monday .evening. ;? ''? ? - — '.-?*'? \ *?'':-:?? Mr. George JamM, butoher, Ka toomba, -intlmiotes that he intends to close »t 1 O'clock oq Wsdnesdaya for the futore. .-:?., . -. ,,. ^ - —The publio meeting to be held in oonneotios with the Katoomba Megsloag rou'd is to ba held on Mon-. day, the SSrd instant, instead of Monday next. . —Artificial teeth supplied, satis faction trnarantet)d.tiha,nieB moderate. E. E. Medlioott, Chemist and Dentiet katoouba * —2 O00 w&ratabs.;, were sent from . Lawson for tbo Manly show. — ins mwomDH^aDey tttiepauDB as well as the looal exchange is, making Katoomba very papular, — Mr. Toll, of th» Hotel, Went worth Falls is very warm in hia praise of the ' advantages of the telephone. —?Tender* are advertised for tbe work of improved drainage for the post offioe at Mount Viotoria. ' —The Druids' sports on November Oth promisei to be a great suocees.. —Mr. W. C. Granthara, of the Leura Timber Yard and Joinery Works, notifies he has just reoeived a large consignment of 25,000 -feet of timber. —A 'Darling Shower ' paid us a visit last Thursday. It was par. ttonlsrly visible in the morning floating over the Kanimbla Valley. appearing in .a dense slight); red mist. Some people thought it bush fire smoke. It left ifes,traoes Behind by a thin layer of tad powder on all the foliage, more especially notice able on the larger leaves. —A few genuine summer days - ~ were experienced this 'week, when tbe thermometer showed 76 degrees. This is the highest reading -we have, had this teason, but against such temperature at mid-day we nave always our cool.eve'B and dawns. —At the Batbnrst cirouit court on ThuredayMary Ann Quinu pleaded guilty to the charge of concealment of birth at M ouatVtatorie,. and was sentenced to be imprisoned - till 6 o'clock in tbe same evening. ' — Shopkeepers in Katoomba ' are asking what steps can bs token to get the provisions of the Early Closing Aot extended to enable them, to reap tha be-naat of it. We suggest meetings o( storekeepers and publio nestings. ?»rThe summer rail way train servioe is sow in operation. Time table «n . out first page. —The new building for the Ka toomba School of Arts ie expected to be ready in a week or so. — The crematory will bs a ' burn* ing' question for the aldermen on. Wednesday night. — The enterprise of the proprietor of the Mountaineeb in giving the public news of- ihe crisei within a few hours at the official proclamation was greatly appreciated. Now let appreciation take the form of practical support. —The Mouniaineeb will be pub lished At midday on Friday, and will contain late telegrams on the Trans vaal war, for whioh. we have mtde-- speoial arrangements -with our Sydoep correspondent. ' — We have made arrangements for the receipt of epenial war telegrams naiiy wnionwui give uter news tnan that contained in' the daily, .paper. These telegrams will be posted out side the Modntukeeb Office. Tenders are invited /or further additions to St. Hilda's church. See advertisement. The looal school board were-eieapljr astounded at the dangerous -etate OH the Katoomba school play ground.. 