THE C^iTIO. 1 Whoc*u undaunted bravs til® Crltio's Or iiote uuinoved ?-fs meutioa ia tbe.Oritlo'* page Parade hii errors Iu iJia puoticafs? ' And Mother Grundy's ra'?e dety ? ' That match at marbles, N,S,*W- v, S.A, j is indefinitely postponed. I .''George IV, bad eleven known mis-j tresses including Ladies Conyaghazn, i Hertford and Jersey* ^ 1 What a farce this weather to take the ! official heat record from the Observatory, tho coolest part of the city I Premier Re id's federal policy may be thus described -.—Living on. Trust. His linanotal poLicy : — Iiiviag on Trust , Funds. The bullying, blustrous and brutal I Queensland police should hide their heads in shame over their disgraceful helpless ness in the Gatton horrer. In political circlcs the bchof is gaining | ground that the Premier would do well if he revived, under executive authority, the I* . S, W, delegated to tlie Federal ? Couventiou. | Is eur old friend Zachary Barry becom* ' ing worldly aad ashamed of his ancient biblical front name ? i see he get* the reporters to write him down. 'L Collis Barry/ lately. Competition — Water v. ltail carriage. Fures to Newcastle : Live pa^Benger, rail, tint class, 20s ; steamer, saloon, 7s M. , Dead passenger, rail. £:') 2s ; steamer, 206. What price diderential rale*? The Brisbane police are half of them in tbe pay of the bawds who render lower Alhert-street impassable fur decent citizens and are too busy huntip^ uo their divvy's to capture the Gatton murderers. The arbitrator appointed iu reference to Ben Tillett's imprisonment and subse quent expulsion from Belgium, has givon iiis Hccisiou iu favor of the BeLgian OoveruuieuL So much for Buukuui ^ . ? _ The Critic gives it out that the nqxt I century will commence oa Jauuary 1, | 1001\. It takes a hundred years to com- ' plole a century, and therefore it takes 1 1900 years to mako up aud complete uinoteen centuries. j Tho Sydney 4D.'iY young man who is doing all the howling about lighting tho Domain, insists ou speaking ol 'Lady ' Macquarie s chair. Airs Mucquarie. | Her husband was plain L&chlan; Mac-1 quarie, Esq., acommoner. The Attorney-General, the &rch;*dcs- troying-angel of Australian federation, ; haviui! gone on a three months African trip, Mt*. iteid has now a fair lie Id all to himself in matters federal, The question is— \rliat will he do with it ? De Hougemeut has made a statutory declaration to tbe effect that hia published udventures in Austra ia are absolutely correct. Whorooshf It would appear as if there are rival claimaots for tbe title of 1 premier perjurer ' after all] Tho official return shows that 24. vessels, and with them 79 lives, were Lost on or uear the New South Wales coast last year. Of these the Maitland with 27 deaths comes first, and then ruus the now notorious ALacamawith 13. A bush lire iu Gippsiaod has destroyed SOi) acres of grass on the late James Tyson's Heyfield estate. A. legal fire in Sydney is also playiug havoc with the estate ; and the legal 'lights ' will do more damage than the bash blaze every time, Queensland is too moral to admit Tbuth over its boaders because it contains a few bookmakers', and sweep advertisements. Tbe light of Truth wants throwing on Queensland badly so aa to expose the rottefinese in police and other— aad higher —quarters. The steadier Aberdeen took quite a bis team of Australian racehorses to Kugland last week. Pity they can't leave us our decent horaes and take away instead a load or two of ihe *leg* 9 and 'guns ' who infest oux courses at every meeting. The precocity of the young Aus- 1 traliennp \ At an inqaest ob tbe body of an infant of three weeks, held at Man durama Jast Wednesday, it transpired that the mother was only 14 years and 10 months old. Must have juat timed it to i keep within the law 1 'What a time Melbourne ghouls have had over the Yarra myatery. Over I 15LH) visited the morgue on Monday last j and quizzed the head oE the unfortunate woman who was found in Ihe packing* case. It was a free show, aud how they . did tumble up to patcouUti it. | The summary diemtoil of a highly ' popular and trusted skipper of one of tbe j harbor eteamers is the subject of muoh ! comment amongst the rotfirieaia of a: fashionable marine suburb. The 'Critic1 ; hopes to bear of ah heaor&ble; re-instate* | meat at the earliest possible date. j During a quarrel among some Adelaide choir-boys, one is allege to 'hive atabbsd another. A pretty imitator of ohoir*boy i Phillips, now serving a life sentence for 1 the murder of his fellow clerk, Brady, | some years age, and who lately made him* ! self famous as a gaol rations thief. ! A new amusemont now appears to be | in ^ogue among the porters and alleged ] * gtiards ' (save the mkrk) oa the.uorthern 1 line. It is oalled 'cranky crib,' and con* sists of cribbing cranks an^i harmless (?) lunatics in carriage* occupied only otherwise by women and caildrcru Tod'e cJQfeBtfiou, aueat the Yarra my story, now cleared up, ??ouiaiud the j *L did not^ay Atyfuue Olga anything for tbe services she rendered, which she did out of kinduess to the gir-.' And the girl died. A cruelly practical ex emplification of being billed by kindness! Some time ago, Gloucestershire was playing a cricket match with Surrey at BrUtol. When \V. G. Grace hud made seven raffs he was caught, much to the disguBt of the spectators, one of whom shouted to the catcher: al say, mister, us come here to see Grace hit, not to see thee held. The editor «f the ' Rand Post ' — that Traasvaal rag which advised that in case ot war with Britain the city of Johannesburg should be converted into ft rubbish*heap, etc. — has been arrested on a chatgo of slandering the acting British, agent at I'cetorio. What a farce ! A flash N.S.W. Civil Servant aud prime pet of the ^Slaughter' Board recently veceivod, per post, oue of his linen cuffs, directed and stamped with a penny stamp, with tho fotlowiug message written upon its snosv white surface : * Please call and pay your washing btll. —Your Laundress/ When do those daily papers intend let ting-upon the interminable 'Papalism v. Protestantism' articles.'' Whilo such discussions may be uecessary, a daily paper is not the place to hold them. I object to having them stuft'ed down my neck with my morning coffee. *A plague on both your houses 1' Why all this fuse about sending flowers to funerals? If bereaved relatives and friends choose so to do, why let them by all means. If these faddist* require some reform lot them aim at abolishing the bideoua fashion of wearing depressing mourning with which people now parade their woe before the world. Ali hail Mr Love, S.M. His remarks and sentence on that foul Uitime gang on Tuesday did his penetration and pluck infinite credit, and his blank refusal to allow the savages ( lime ' to pay the £ij fine was admirable. 'Time* in such cases uauallv* meanB a 'guy' and a mouldering warrant waiting years ijor its execution. Last Tuesday Thomas Britten, scrub cutter, stole a cash box from Milthjrpo Railway Station ; plunging his hand through the window he seized tbe box, and j decauiued. -He was chased by the station i mauler aud captured. Un Weduesday, when charged, he got three months in 1 Baiburat Gao*. Tho cash box was empty! Tho principle of co-opcration has a gtauuchapostlein Hon. G. H. Cox, M.L.C. of Aiudgee, who is willing to travel to any part of: the colony to lecture ou aud expound its benefits. IE all our big guns would do the same what a blessiug they would confer ou the New South Wales farmers — the backbone of the commui.i y. Poor Australia has loug been a dumping ground for every variety of rubbish, but it has now to put up with a new sort of undesirable immigraut. Insane Nytand, who essayed to murder tbe publisher of a Loudou newspaper, is to be southere by his friends. As if we had not enough gentlemen of the editor bludgeouiug variety here already. Our prison system should be altered to allow tirst class prisoners a trade discount of 33^ per cent, oil' their sentences, and in the best interests of humanity and the country, against whose laws j they have offended, they should be employed in unagging rivers, constructing weirs, or building fortifications or such other works for which we are unable to raise loans to advantage. King George of Greece has had oue of his tootsies hurt by a statue falling on it; which is a bit of real hard luck. Had it happened to the Prinoe of Wales it would have set the fashion for a uew style of limp. Anyway, 4 The Critic ' is sorry to hear of anything h&ppeuing; to £ing George. As icings go nowadays George is rather a decent fellow, and has The Critic's ' best wishes. Tho venerable 1 Herald ' announced the other day that tbe racehorse Satan was by so-aadao out of a Mayor. Nothing to be wondered at in these days of municipal warfare. If the mayora do not usually produce satan, satan appears to have entered into most of our mayors. Wouldn't he a hit surprised to hear that a union of Alderman — — - and the mayor had raised The Devil out at Uandwick, frinstans 1 The Parisian taste for horsoilesh con tinues to increase. During last year Paris ate over ten thousand horses, three huadred donkeys, and a few un considered mules. The donkey and mule are evidently declining iu favor, as in 1872 the official returns tfhowed the con sumption to have heeu 86G donkeys and §1 mules. Many people regard hippo phagy as about ono degree less repre hensible than cannibalism. If lady dofctors have their uses, they have also their disadvantages. A Mel bourne citizen, who has for some time past had a popular lady *medico as family attendant^ recently rai-g up said -lady*a principal malo rival at dead of night: 'Addition to family.' 'Contrary to professional etiquette for mo to attend. :\Vhy don't you go to your regular doctoress ?' 'I did,* was the reply, ?and— she's doing the same thing.* By time-honored custom the residents of the farming centres stick to the hotels in tbe ' vicinity of the Haymarket. Un Christmas live, a country lady and her two daughters of uncertain age, went into a well-advertised emporium, where a separation took 'place. Shortly afterwards | aa excited female rushed up to a police- 1 man and inquired if he Uud heeu 'A woman ; parsing that way.' Thn ijueshon whh auchj a staggerer tUat the bjbby tookWmo time) |« 9oUpct l^ (bougie, whiljt the ( one, thiqbing him deaf and dumb, stepped ! into the gutter and coo-e'ed ior ail sue was worth iu good old Braid wood btyle. lliat much vexed question of the policc holidayisslilli.il' from bciug snUslac tonly settled. 31 r iirunker says that tho police when asking for their 'fourteen days stretch,' must give some satisfac tory reasouior granting such a boon. In no other department ot public service do the otlicers have to submit spccial reasons when asking for their annual leave, If Brunker does not look out the Priemier's seat in Jxiug Dmsiou Jiiay be i endangered. John Geerge boon, of Nerriga, last week was charged at tiie Braidwood Police Court with aly grog-gelling under th.e guise o i a workman a club Tue evidence disclosed that anyone paying* Cd wou d be elected a member by the manager aud the treasurer, both of whom resided on the premises, and honorary I members would be elected on the payment 1 of 3d per month. Dunn was lined £50 or i three mouihH. Once more tho working mau's iiriend has been martyred I , One Joseph Tarpsco, a dentist at Bom I bals, last Wednesday was explaining hovv^ I easily gun accidcnls uiay happen. By : way of illustration he drew the shot from 1 | a cartridge, put the cartridge in the guu, i and held his mouth to the muzzle. Bv 1 some means the stock struck the floor, | , causing tho powder to explode, injuring | ! his face, and entailing such dama^o as to i render him unconscious' A sort of ilius i trated lecture, so to sueak'! .Jo-soph will ! evidently leave 'em aloue next time. j ^ Why didthe 'Telegraph * mitigato the , expression so very justly used iu his remarks on the Druiumoyue shooting case, and mis-report .Mr Isaac*, S.A3L, to say that 4one oC these policemen is an uumitigated liar.' Mr Isaacs said 'one ot these policemen is a most damnable liar,' and the same Mr Isaacs is life last man in Sydney to be . ashamed of using a proper expression . belitting an occasion such as this. Is the 'Telegi-aph 'ueUiim religious, that it should thus Bowdleriso the truth. A otirtuia city firm ol fashionable drapers favors a system of very high sounding adjectives tor the display cards in their mantle window. During the recent holidays a 'simple country maiuen,' on making a purchase, asked the privilege -of retaining the ticket for the ediheautn of her country friends oa her return. A'ext evening (loi-;ctiul of the ticket) she donned the row garment, and made a bee line for the Criterion, being, en route, tho cynosure of every eye, With her flowing Jocks and prominent placard, ' Very chaste, 12s Od !' The Suuday concert question in ling land appears to have been decided a few weeks ago by the judgment of Lord Justice Collins, who decided that the Lord's D;iy Observance Act of George III was not violated by payment ior tickets provided that some of the seats were free. Until this judgment is set aside by a higher tribunal it ought to be regarded as the law. This is very shocking to a large number of the Sydney olergy, who preach that only a pagan can approve of Suuday concerts oc amusements. This howl from the lCinostroet kenuel about tbe dark, immoral Domain, brings to mini a similar occurrence in Sydney some i'.vo years ago. when a weekly paper whooped in every issue for mouths about the vile immorality that went on nightly in Victoria Park. Kireutually, it, transpired that the very expensive 'lady friend' ot' a big gun connected, with that paper used to wander in that sweet solitude, o' nights with auother unda youugcr man than her protector, and he got to know it, and s/te defied him. lieucc the moral wave ! Residents in Neutral Bay are loud in their complaint on the twopenny fare (with no half price, or re-lucttou for return), charged for children. Compared with Aloaman'* Bay, the faro to and fro is high. So it is when compared with the fare to Lavender Bay. Oue oan take a child to Mautr aud back for 3d, whilo to Neutral Bay and back it is 4-d.- It U a monstrous exaction, and if Dugald Thomson (Warriugah), M.P., wore half as energetic as E. JVL Clarke (St. Leonards), ALP., this would have been remedied long ago. The gentleman who wrote anent the German proposal to seize V&vau; for debt, ia the 4 D.T.' of Wednesday, evidently deliberately led his readers to. believe that 'the garden of the Seuth Pacitio ' was a portion of. (ho Samoan group. Aa ho aftei wards ' condescended to exp ain, Vavau is 300 miles south (should havo been sou' west) of Samoa. Fact is, V*vau is ono of tbe Tougan group, though isolated, and is undoubtedly the Jinest and boldest feature of the whole Polynesian Archipelago, it is a dream of lovliness and has a harbor — well.^po more pen can describe its matchless beauty J Ro«r let ue drop a silent tear. Jack waut has gone away. He's gone to Suez md we hear Or aims on S^urday 1 Perhaps some havsu't paid him for Uie service rendered here, AnUo he's gone to ? gypt for To Suez client* there! He's going to Faahcda end ' He's *o»og to Khartoum, Because he is a man of eane t. And thinks thera'a plenty room,v^ For him to teach Lord Ktichoaar ^ The way to ran th« show, . : And while away, of coarse, his pay -.j yiTiU t\iU go on you kjrw. — ? Onm.: Leader'^ In MaoijUiirietdreetj a Jiule boy of the I and down, drawing behind him a little toy cat on wheois, aud casting disdainful looks al aTiii/nj newsboy who .stood by, with a bundle of paper^'wistfuiiy and enviously regarding tbe b:»y. Suddenly Truth's representative's face brightened up and with a whoop he disappeared rouod ths corner. Ten mmules later he again came on the ecece, dragging after him a board to which was tied a big black ' Tom,' which yeileti aud struggled violently to get free. Willi a gtiu of triumph the gamin brushed past the more favored child und shouted : ''iiarn, yer bioomin' arrystcrcrack! Where's yet moow?— Si uon c vero ben iruvalo I Sir Joseph Abbott has had the consum mate gall and bad taste to lecture th« Alaorilaaders oa nor having Rent delegates to the Inst Federal Convention. They could have done what the Westraliaas did -—attended and raised a lot of impossible objections, without the faintest idea of joining the Commonwealth, thereby tnak* ing it tbe more dillicult for tbe real Jedera* tionists to get to solid work. Or they might have followed Sir Josephs owa example — attended, and done nothing but draw their fees, ihe Maoriiandets took «the more honeut course— they don't want to federate and bo governed from Aus* tralia, and so they didn't go into any false enthusiasm on the matter. Tbis sort of straightforward conduot is very difficolt for meo like Sir Joseph Abbott to under- ^ stand. Copy of a letter written by a man tc his wife who had left him through hi' ill-usage -— how i Mi-fP you hem mer Darling and i know you not to Blame it you had doue as i know i done I would have done just tlie same god aloa Cxn only part m No Other man you shall ever hone For while theiee broth left «n my Body your wouce kiau liaft i ttliall never owen i cant fo-git my little fchildi-en at Night n round rac they would cling and play 0 Would to tsi-it this was dreaming anil i wqoIu bed the same to day troubles axe nearly hover think of your onV K nrd 1 may bo bwied as over liJt 1 will play uiv ov.*i4£ump card i thiuk of youa with asfwhurt from yous find children i will never part I will die a n.uQ both bravo aud bold i tliiuk more of you tbau i do of gold Some othor'i bare poisoned your against mo some day thero love wilt torn to woe tor tbere will be no luuk attend them Whever they uiny turn to yo Now i have told you all my wishes and my uiiud aud heart you knotv aud ii you do intend to jceve me tben of cuuree you must only i»o. A few days ago, the inhaU tu. U of a couutry town were iiiled wii^ conjec ture at the following sign, paiu.led. in large capitals, on the front of a house recoutly lilted up aud repaired HlKS. BaiGtiS, 1)£&LKU; IK all Souts of Laihus. All was constemtttiou. Inquiry was in stantly set oa foot as well to who thie Mrs Bi'iggs might be. But no one could tell; she was a stranger in he towa. Great anxiety prevailed as to the pre clamation of the new estabfishiji. it and. for two whole days all was su rsfijgo jmi consultation. On tho third incVnin^. behold! the mystery was unra.iiled. The house painter, who had, it seems, been suddenly attacked witli a fit ot sickness, returned to liuish his work, and concluded by addiug : — And Guntlcmlk's Wearing Apparel Away out iu the salt bush near Dandaloo there resided a family consisting of an old man of the name of Brown and his three sons, all of whom had laughed to scorn the advice and entreaties of & pious though very eccentric minister who resided in the same district. It happened that oue of .the boys wan bitten by a deaf adder and was expected to die, when the minister was sent for iu great haste. On his arrival he found the young man very penitent and anxious to be prayed with. The minister calling on the family, knelt down and prayed to. this wise : . 'O Lord 1 wo thank Thee for auakes. Wc thank Thee because a snake ~ has bitten Jim. We pray Thee send . a snake to bite John ; send one to bite Bill ; ~ send one to bite Sam ; and, O Lord, send the biggest kind of suake to bite the old man, tor. nothing but snakes will ever bring the Brown family to repentance.' « THE TYSON HAXXA. i We are ,aick and' tired of reading in ths : Sydney dai-y press Of tbe man who fpoke to Tyson . or who nst v liim in distress ! * We've had Tyeon yams for breakfast and diuaer and for tea, '-AV ' Till our fnith ia human nature is as low as .- low can be* 3?or had Tyeon bees the person God intended, so to Bpeak, i Mending fences on -a bullook ran at thirty bob a week ; ' ' * All th»*e tiddly.wiaklag crawlers who art writing to the press Wouldn't cira a blauky sixpenoi for old ? ' Jimmy's new address! Oh, Wve stood a lot of garden slu$ we'ft had about our sIuml ' , Of the men who'ye Cee^[cquainted with ths 3? wiser millionaire \ And in faiou we'll Coasign 'em, and thsiz aoeodotee, to pot _ i. For . we do not care a button if -they Iniew- ths^ . .manor hoi! ? Obi woat eort of mioQ1 that man must jliaT^^g who feels. oQopellod to eay ' ^ That hephoeWut Jimmy Ttboo ia a^stuil^ -rt\fw! ' Hang Wov o.'d Tye ojv and.^i^^^ ' ' mi^erablo ctew WhJ xvouiJiaea \- ^'Jim Tysph Orastt? 