[?] Collecting Cards.— Collecting cards have this week been forwarded, as requested by letter, to the following: — Mary E. V. Lane, Wooroo- nooke- Therese CahiU, - Momalong; Alaud Wheeler. Aloybu South; Katie Hutchison. Saje; Mice Atkinson, Drouin South; Fred Holland, Avoca; John Doran, Franklin River; Alary Powell, Niroghid; Daisy Pearson, Eden Park; Mary A. L. Troeth,- Homerton. Margaret Lancaster, Carlsbrook.— A Country Champion.— Yea, 29th November, Weekly Tipies." -/jdy'dear' young friends",— I _ have watched jyith interest.your discussion; . on - Town v. Country.'. Onp" writer maintains that; the country toys ialve -2 very bad .time of it, but I for one would far sooner live Sir the country than in town, as It is far healthier. ' As regards recreation, no doubt the town boy's have got the best of it.. Another thing Is the town boys are far cheekier than country hoys. And if you never see anything good in the bush you very seldom see or hear anything bad. One thing I admit— the country boy could do with a little more life, and the town boy a little less. A . week at a time is plenty for me in town. I would not like, to stop much longer, as there are too many pickpockets in town. Just fancy hoys from 12 to .15 years serving sentences in gaol as pickpockets! Eh! Country boys are not that -bad! -The boys ab.out here are nearly all dairymen's sons. No doubt they have got a good distance to walk to school, but they have their own" time 10 do it in. They always have plenty to eat and drink, and always have a little money to spend; whilst the majority of- the town 'cousins very , seldom have a good dinner to take, or even a penny to get a. bun. I have seen them going about the streets eating the orange peels out of the gutters. Although a lover of" children says, they have nothing to do but get up in the morning and find their break fast ready, some of the. town children have very little breakfast to:get." Hoping that some of the town or country boys when they read this note, .will give their opinion, and per haps 1 will respond, I hope, dear Uncle Ben, that you will be able to find a .nook for this letter, as I watch the "Young Folks' " page with interest. . AVith love to all the dear girls and boys who write therein. No more _ this time from a country boy, who was always a' lover of good health as weil as RECREATION. Just the Boy for the Country.— Driffield,- IStli November, 1899.— Dear. Uncle Een,— This is my first letter to you. Have you got room in your big family of nephews for a little chap like me. I am nine years old. I like read ing the discussions on town and country life. I have been in both, and like country better. One reason is that we can play and shout freely. We can have big (lower and fruit and vegetable gardens, and not buy fruit and vege tables from Chinese. Wo are practising for a State school concert at Christmas. I have to recite and sing. Aliss Lacey, our teacher, is very ' nice. Dear -Uncle Ben, were you over in Gippsland? And did you ever see such a' pack of snakes as there are here. They oven get in people's houses, and they are not very nice companions. I. can ride a little on horse back, and it's fine fun. We fish in the Wilder ness Creek. There are many small fish and some big crabs. I caught a big one yesterday. The Wilderness Creek is as crooked as the travels' of the Israelites. Please put my let ter .in "The Weekly Times." Wishing you a merry' Christmas and a. happy New Year. Yours affectionately,— G. Aloore. (Yes, George', I have been in Gippsland and killed one snake while there.— Uncle Ben.) Paddy.-Naroghid, 23rd November, 1899.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I was glad to see my let ter in "The Weekly Times." I have a flower garden of my own, and a good few flowers are out in it. The last time I wrote to you I told you I had two brothers. My youngest brother got his leg broken off. His log is getting all rigbt now. Well, dear Aunt Con nie, we shall soon be getting our Christmas holidays now. We get a month from school at Christmas. We have two parrots, but they cannot whistle yet. I read the "Young Folks' " page in "The Weekly Times," and I think the letters are very interesting. Wo have our Sunday school in the State school. We have a pony; its name is Paddy. I ride it sometimes; it is very quiet. With much love to Cousins Connie and Florrie and Uncle Ben and yourself. I remain your affectionate niece,— Mary Ellen Harrison. A School Garden. — Nelson's Hill, Rlngwood, 23rd October, 1899.— Depr Aunt Connie,— As I take great interest in the "Young Folks' " '"page, I thought I would ljke to write to you, and would be happy to become one of your great famiiy of nephews "and nieces. - We have a' fair-sized orchard and several kinds of fruit, such as apples, cherries, apricots, quinces, citrons, lemons, oranges, mulberries, pears, and plums. I still go to school, and 1 am In the sixth class. I do not go to the Rlngwood school, but go to the Croydon school, which is not very far. We have two teachers. The head teacher's name is Air Jack, and the assistant lady teacher's name is Aliss Nicholas. We like them very much. Aliss Nicholas kindly showed me how to make a drawn-thread pillow-sham, and it looked very pretty when finished. My sister made the match for it, and so we had a nice pair. We have a very pretty garden at our school, and the boys take great pains with it to keep it so. I am going down to Melbourne soon for a holiday, and I hope I shall have fine wea ther. D em Aunt Connie, I must conclude with love. I remain, your loving niece, — Maggie Murphy, age 14 years last 12th June. (I am glad to have you for. a niece, Maggie. You write very nicely.— Aunt Connie.) The Delights of a Country Life.— Hochklrch, 23rd November. 1899.— Dear Uncle Ben, — As this is the first time I have written to you, I will just say a few words about the argument start ed by Louie Russell. I think country life is much better than town life, for in the first place the air is purer and healthier, and therefore there is less illness. ' In the country there is the beautiful scenery, and there are waterfalls such as are never seen in town, and people can grow flowers aud vegetables; which are' far fresher and nicer to look at or to eat (as the case may he), than those grown in town. Then little or no dust at all is blown about; and, at night, in the hot weather, the houses get cool much more quickly than those in town, as they are not situated so close together. In the country, too, you may leave the -doors open without being afraid of thieves. In the cold weather country people can obtain plenty of wood to burn, which perhaps otherwise they could not afford. Although in the country there are bush-fires, yet people have only to look out for them during the summer months, while in town there are fires at ail times of the year, for, even if you are careful with your fires and lights, other people close by. may not be so careful; and then, if It is windy, your house may also get burned down. In spite of the firemen's assistance to put it out. Again, what is better than -a romp over the sweet-scented hay, or watching the crops falling before the reaping machine? Also, country children need not be afraid of making a hoisc, and so caus ing" your next door neighbor to tell you to stop that "horrid yelling." Even in the wet wea ther, I do not think there is much mud in the country, except along the roads, and country children do not play- on the roads, nor, indeed, there are many that go along them to school. As to country children having to stop Inside two or three-days bn. account 'bf'the" rain, there : art hot maoy ihat would So that. -for, with a good- coat and good boots, 'they are -fit for-any- thing from a snowstorm to sunshine. Although the merchant generally chooses his apprentice or clerk from town boys, yet they would not be able to get along without country people to grow their wool, grain,' ets. With love to all, I must now conclude, remaining your affectionate nephew, A Country Boy. Tea Garden Creek. Alilawa, 3rd November, 1S99. — Dear Aunt Connie,— I am very sorry for keeping my collecting card so long, but 1 hope you will be pleased with it when you receive if. I Would not' have kept it 'so long, only when I revived it I -had no time to collect,' as my mother was -ill. It Is rather a bad time to send - a card, as there are a lot of things on now. I got all I couldil amounts to 16s.- We are having very dry weather. There were very late frosts this year, and it spoilt most of the potato crops, and the fruit trees were affected by it.' The grass is also beginning to look dry. Rain is wanted badly just cow. It looks Hfci rain to day. Hay-making wili start soon; tiie crops are out in ear. The flowers look very beauti ful at present. Alother is going to pay for the postal note. I will conclude with love to all, not forgetting yourself. I remain, yours truly, Emmeline Wellington. I did not send the card to you, Emmeline. I have no' doubt it was sent to you by the secre tary of the Hospital. I ODly send out cards to (hose who write for (hem. It was good of you to make -another collection for the Hospital funds, after all you had done for the Young Vic toria Cot fund.— Aunt Connie. . . ; More About the \Couutrv, — Laen North, 19th November.— Dear Aunt Connie. — It is a long -time since I last wrote to you, but now I will do so. ATy sister Dora has collected lately. I suppose you will have received her- collections. I have read a lot in the "Young Folks' " page about the advantages of town life so I will give a few advantages of country life. The country is certainly -the healthier, in the country the boys (and sometimes the girls), can go outside whistling and singing, and not be efraid of be ing laughed at by people. We walk to school (four miles and a half) through wet grass cer tainly, but when we get there there is always a fire in school to dry our feet. Of course, in town, if you are in need of help or a doctor, you can easily get one in "less than no time." I read in the letter of "A Lover of. Children," about the dear little boys that ride to school in trams and trains. Well, every body in town is not like this boy, or has nothing to do but play or read a. book after he . comes home from school. I think I have said enough about town and country. life. I am 12 years and 10 months old. I am in the sixth class at school. I think I will close, with love to all. I remain, your loving niece, Bertha V. Muir. An Excellent Collection. — Belmont, Yarra Glen, November 20, 1899. — Dear Aunt Connie,— I am returning my collecting card, with the amount I collected, £2 12s 6d. Nearly every one I asked gave me something. 1 will try and tell you a little about Yarra Glen. There are 2 stores, 2 halls, 2 blacksmiths' shops, 3 hotels, 3 churches, 1 saddler's shop, 1 fruit shop, 1 boot maker's shop, 1 bank, 1 barber, 2 butchers' shops, 1 baker, 1 butter factory, 1 police sta tion, and a public library. There are trees planted along the main street. Yarra Glen is noted for its beauty. While going up the big hill you can look down on the Glen, and it looks very pretty. Since I wrote I have got 2 canaries. Our poor old magpie died, but we have got another now. I think the discussion about town and country life is very good. I like country life better because it is healthier, and you can get a better view from the hills in the country; and you do not see so many birds and flowers in the town. I think the children get on better at school in the country, because they do not have so much to look at. You have more room to run about in the country. The fruit is getting ripe now, and the flowers are looking very pretty. We have a lot of chickens and ducks. We are milking thirty-five cows, and they give a lot of milk. The crop is look ing well now. but I suppose this rain will beat som£ of it down. I must now conclude with fond love to cousins Connie and Florrie, Uncle Ben, and yourself. I remain your loving niece — Daisy Bell. (You have done very well, Daisy, and a Legion of Honor Certificate, as well as a Cot Certificate will be sent to you.— Aunt Connie.) Cold and Hot.— Wangaratta, Ovens Sreet, 23rd November, 1839.— Do.n- Aunt Connie,— I only wrote to you once, aud received the col lecting card you sent m». I am getting on well with it. I was 13 years old last January, so my birthday will soon be round again. Y»'o have moved into our new house. My s'rfcr (Daisy) had two dear little canaries, and when we got up this morning they v ere lying dead on the bottom of the cage. We think that It must have been loo cold for them. A friend has promised to bring me a cockatoo, to I shall have another littio. net. It has been forrlbly cold down here until to-da?. when it turned very hot. We have r- nice li;tle calf and a cow. The cow comas home every n'ght and morning to be milked. My eister goer, to music and painting lessons t.very week, and slie is getting on well with ibcin. With love to Uncle Ben, Cousins Connie and Florrie, not forgetting yourself, I remain, your loving niece,— Lily Dunkley. Foxes and Snakes.— Officer, 20th November, 1899.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I am returning my collecting card with the amount collected (LI 10s). Am I entitled to a certificate? There has been a lot of rain here lately. The crops are looking very well. Ours will soon be ready to cut. My brother got two foxes out of a burrow, and my father killed three snakes one day. He sees a snake nearly every day. Your af- fectionate nephew,— Ernest Charles Tivendale. (Yes, Ernest, and you well deserve one.— Aunt Connie.) A Helpful Contributor.— Lowanarbour, Meer-. ing West, November 21, 1899.— Dear Aunt Con nie,— I am- returning my collecting card with the amount collected, LI 2s Gd. I hope . you will be pleased with it, and will you please publish the names of the contributors. We have started stripping, and I help at the win nower; Fattier went to Lake 'Meerlng to-day fishing. ' It is a beautiful lake. We hold our Christmas- picnic there. Mother is paying for postal note, and is registering ! It. I remain your loving nephew, — N. L. . D. M'Calman, Another Good Collection.— Avoca, 16th Nov ember,- 1899. —Dear Aunt Connie,— I hope I have not kept'my. card too long, for I wanted to get it full.' lam sending It back with the amount collected, LI 7s 2d. I hope in a short time to be able to collect a little more for the Cot, as mama says it. is a good thing to. do. Please publish the list of naines. Dad is paying for thp postal ' note. With love to Cousins Con nie and Florrie, Uncle 'Ben ahd yourself, I re main your affectionate niece,— Ruby Alay Gled bill. A Big Milking.— Naroghld, 29th November, 3899\. Dear Aunt "Cotmie,— We are mlUdngtia' hundred anii seventeen co jvs altogether. - Wa T are "also rearing tWenty-eight calves. Isome- : times" feed "the calves. We are having a very - wet summer. . Tlere are yery few wild .flowers about this spring. My .sister got first prize for best exercise, -and I am trying for the next prize. I am in the "fifth class at school. I like "'The' Young Folks' " page, especially Louie Russell's letters, for tlioy are so in teresting. I went to a flower show for the first time the other day. It was very pretty. With love to Cousins Connie and Florrie, not forget ting yourself and Uncle Ben. Please send me . a collecting card, and I will try to collect "a little for the children. I remain ydiir loving niece,— Mary Agnes Powell. Good for the Farmers. — Franklin River, Nov» ember 22, 1899.— Dear Aunt Connie,— This is the first .time I have written to you; at least, I have written before, but did not send. the let ter. We have 18 cows milking, and have a separator. My uncle has a separator as well.- I am in the fourth class. 1 have a poddie calf, anil my brother also has one. Aly cousin - James wrote to you, and got a collecting cara, and I would like to have one too. I think he has got 5s already We are papering our house, and it looks very nice. Our crop of oats aud wheat will soon be ready. A lot of it is out in ear. I and my "schoolmate Went along the creek, and got a lot of nice ferns, and put tbcm round the school. Joe killed a snak# the other day in a large gutter in the -water. There has been a lot of rain here, but it has done good to the farmers. Father is going to buy me a pony. With love, from your loving nephew, — Jolrn Doran. a visit xo i no weekly Times unice.— Eden Park, November 13, 1899. Dear Aun( Connie, — This Is the third time I have. written to you. Please, Aunt Connie, will you send mo a collecting card, for I want to collect another , 14s to get a Legion of Honor "Certificate. Thank you for the J Cot certificate. We all think it very nice,' and father has said ho will, frame it for mo. We have got a magpie, two - cats, and three, kittens. We have two dogs- one is named Wombat and the other Spot. Wombat chased a snake, and it ran into a hole, and my brother dug it out and killed it. It was four feet long. When my father went to pay the money that I .collected for the Cot, Uncle Ben showed father round "The Weekly Times" office, and gave father bis name in type; Father 6aid the machinery , was won- derful. Mother is in Alelbourne. Hoping you are all well, I am, your loving niece,— Daisy Pearson, aged 11 years. 