{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL The Hon. J. S. ROE, Esq., has obli- gingly favoured us with the following particulars, relative to the position of the buoys laid down for us by Capt. LAM- BERT, of H. M. S. Alligator. THE CHALLENGER BUOY, painted black, is moored in 6 fathoms water, a- bout 25 yards to the N. E. of the Challenger rock, which is nearly awash, and is situated near the North-western termination of Sea Reef, extending a mile and a quarter in a N. W. direc- tion from the N. W. point of Garden Island. This buoy is visible from a ship's deck, through a spy glass, at the distance of 5 or 6 miles, and is a princi- pal object to be made out by a ship ap- proaching the channel between Carnac and Garden Islands. STAGS BEACON, painted black, is placed about 3 furlongs in the direction of S. 65 E. (magnetic) from the Chal- lenger buoy, in 5 fathoms water, about 5 yards to the N. N. W. of a small rock, with only 6 or 7 feet water upon it. This rock is the northernmost of many which rise out of 5 and 6 fathoms water, and from a reef called the " Stags." MID BEACON, painted white, is situ- ated opposite to the Challenger buoy, in nearly 4 fathoms water, and in a line with the outer small island off the South point of Carnac, towards which it is in- tended shortly to remove it about 80 yards, into 3 fathoms on the southern edge of Middle shoal. Mid beacon will then float at the distance of 100 yards to the S. S W. of 8 and 9 feet water on the Middle shoal. FLAT LEDGE BEACON, painted white, is placed in 3 1/2 fathoms water, about 130 yards N. W. by W. from the Flat Ledge, a small reef, covered by only 6 feet water. This beacon will be shortly removed into 3 fathoms, about 130 yards in a S. E. direction, to the South side of the Flat Ledge. A ship may safely enter Cockburn Sound by passing to the North of the Challenger Buoy and Stags beacon, and to the South of the Mid and Flat Ledge beacons,-steering S. E. by E. \'be E. in Mid channel. This course may be pro- longed until the Flat Ledge and Mid beacons are brought in a line ; then haul up to the East until the largest rock of the Stragglers, appearing as two small hummocks, comes in sight round the N. E. point of Carnac. This will clear the N. E. spit, which extends three quarters of a mile from the N. E. point of Garden Island, and a course may then be shaped for any part of the Sound. To seaward of the Challenger, the principal dangers to be avoided, are situ- ated on the Five fathoms Bank, and con- sist of Seaward Reef, a small patch, 6 or 7 feet under water, about 31/4 miles W. N. (magnetic) from the North end of Carnac ; and the Casuarina Shoal, with one and two fathoms upon it, about 21/2 miles W. 1/2 N. from the N. W. point of Garden Island. Farther to the South lies Coventry Reef, a small patch of rocks just awash, leaving S. 18 1/2 W., and distant 8 miles from some remark- able sand hills on the coast near the middle of Garden Island, called " San- down." LAMBERT CHANNEL, through which H. M. S. Alligator got to sea from Owen's Anchorage on the 19th of Dec, is a valuable outlet to sea or to Cockburn Sound from Owen's Anchorage or Gages Roads, without passing round Rottenesi Island, which, during strong northerly winds that would distress a ship in either of these situations, may be considered almost impracticable.-In the absence of means at the present time for buoying this Channel, it may be found by keeping the summit of Blackland Downs a very little open to the S.of the Mewstone,in the direction of N. E. 3/4 E. & S. W3/4W (mag- netic) : his mark will carry a ship thro', in not less than 4 fathoms and about 100 yards to the northward of a small rock 4 or 5 feet under water, which is detached about a cable's length to the N. E. of the Breakers on the western bank, and is called the Passage Rock. At a cable's length to the N. W. of it is a small patch of 2 3/4 fathoms A ship must pass be- tween them in 4 to 5 fathoms water, and then haul up to the W.b.S. to avoid a small shoal spot with 31/4 upon it. The sound- ings will then quickly deepen to 7, 5,6,8, and 9 fathoms, and a course may be shaped to pass 1/2 a mile to the westward of the Challenger buoy. This Channel being narrow and not yet buoyed' olf, JP*U should not be attempted by a stranger without previously securing a boat or conspicuous cask near the Passage Rock, and another near the patch of 2 3/4 fathoms to the North- westward of it. (To be continued.) THE recent action for LIBEL, instituted by an Agent in the Civil Court, against the Editor of this Journal, was proved by the result, a vexatious and futile at- tempt to curtail the Public Press of its long and admitted right to give publicity to the proceedings of Courts of Justice. The facts were simply these-(we con- sider it advisable to recapitulate them, as some of our previous numbers may not fall into the hands of those who may have an opportunity of reading this,) that we reported, faithfully, remarks made publicly in the Civil Court, for which offence an action was brought against us, and damages laid at \'a3500 ! ! I Need we add, the case was dismissed, with some Wholesome and salutary observations ad- dressed by the Commissioner to the Plaintiff, which appeared in our last number,-sentiments which will hereaf- ter be repeated to his immortal honour, should it ever be our misfortune to suffer under the iron grasp of tyranny or op- pression. In no corner of the world has the press been so favourably received or encouraged in its infancy, as in this Colony, it grieves us therefore to find an individual amongst us fearful of its power, when directed with moderation and cau- tion. That we have not stepped aside from the line of our public duty, wantonly to interfere in the affairs of private indi- viduals, our pages will attest. Have we in any one instance mixed our private feelings with occurrences which came under our public notice with the intent of disseminating ill-feeling in our society ? on the contrary, it will be seen we have studiciously refrained from it, we look therefore to the public, whose ministers we are, to support our valuable privilege in its due exercise with the weight of their power, to the confusion of those who seek to subvert the good order of society, and its surest preservative, the liberty of the press. " Trials at law," says Lord Ellenborough, " although they may occasionally prove injurious to in- dividuals, have been held to be privileged. Let them continue so privileged ; the beneiit they produce is great and perma- nent, and the evil that arises lrom them is rare and incidental." It is unpleasant for us to be compelled to thrust this sub- ject upon our readers, but we cannot con- clude these remarks without directing their attention to another quotation from a received authority, which satisfactorily shows that the power vested in us has not been exceeded. " Where proceed- ings are faithfully reported, the law con- sidering the benefit which society derives from the exposure of villainy, or rather, perhaps, the impropriety of a person re- covering damages in a proceeding tainted with his own misconduct ; the necessity of securing those who had public duties to perform, or private claims to enforce, from the fear of collateral consequences, and the advantages derived from the publicity of Parliamentary or judicial proceedings, will not, however malicious or reprehensible the Defendant's inten- tion may, in fact, have been, allow his motives to be questioned in an action for the scandal. With this information, with which it would have been wise in our assailant to have made himself acquainted before going into Court, we leave the sub- ject, trusting that our conduct and the good taste of our neighbours will keep us free from even the imputation of scandal. The Ellen (Government schooner) is dispatched to King George's Sound to be Coppered, Capt. Lambert, of H. M. S. Alligator, having kindly proferred the Services of his hands in effecting it, to which port they are about to repair. The Ellen is not removed from this, from any want of capability in the Harbour of Cockburn Sound, but at the request of Capt. Lambert, in order to enable him to devide the period of his stay between The the two places. We think it necessary to make this remark, as a rumour pre- judicial to our interests may get into circulation ; the effectual way, however, in which H. M. S. Success was careened and repaired in Cockburn Sound, will satisfy the sceptical that this arrangement arises purely from motives of conve- nience. Having had occasion to go into the Harbour Master's Office, at Fremantle, within the past week, we were struck with the almost insufferable heat of the place ; as the Quarter Sessions are ad- vertised to be held there in the course of a fortnight, we would strongly recom- mend the Magistrates to endeavou for this session, at least, to procure some more eligible situation. If the Bench with their zeal for the furtherance for the economising system, which pervades all our public institutions, will sacrifice their own convenience, and very possible their health, let not the twelve Jurymen suffer. They are directed to weigh and consider the evidence before them, cooly and dis- passionately-a moral impossibility we should say, with the Thermometer at 108. FIRE AT RED-CLIFF-Oh Saturday last, a valuable building, the property of Captain Currie, R. N., recently the re- sidence of Captain Irwin, our late Lieut. Governor, was destroyed by a bush-fire, which had been kindled some days pre- viously at a considerable distance from the premises. It having been remarked by some of the men in the employment of the Hon P. Brown, Esq., that the house was in danger some time before the accident took place, has given rise to an opinion, that if timely assistance had been rendered this serious loss would not have been sustained. Lieut. Mc Leod was on the spot, but too late to render any further assistance than merely by clearing away the paleings which sur- rounded the house. A large gum-tree overhung the premises ; this caught fire, the flames reaching the thatch, the whole was instantly in a blaze, and the work of destruction effected, leaving merely the bare brick-walls. Mr. Sutherland, the agent for the proprietor, was upon the point of making some improvements on the premises, which the workmen were to have taken in hand this week ; fortu- nately no other preparations had been made than carting a few loads of stone to the spot. DROWNED.-On Saturday morning last, William Meloy, a carpenter, in the employment of J. Harris, Esq., was ac- cidentally drowned whilst bathing in the Upper Swan, in company with two or three of his companions, who cautioned him that he was near a dangerous spot, but the words were scarcely uttered when he sunk. The body was found on the following day. The deceased is said to have been excessively timid, and no doubt lost his presence of mind, not being a good swimmer, when the men called to him, cautioning him of his danger. He had been absent from home for some days,-and was advertised in our last number as having left his em- ployer ; he was, however, on his return, when he met with his friends,, and was induced to accompany them. He has left a wife and two children, who we believe are indentured servants to Mr. Harris. As a caution to those who are in the habit of bathing in the river near Perth, it may be as well to observe, that a shark of a considerable size was seen a few days ago, opposite to Mr. Leake's Store, a very short distance from the shore. As Watson has continued very regular in his supply of vegetables for the Perth market since our last notice of his having established a weekly market at the Jettv, he has now, we believe, obtained per- mission to fix up a stall in the market- place adjoining the Jetty, and we have every confidence it will be supplied com- mensurate with the encouragement he receives, which we hear with pleasure has been extended to him to the utmost of his means to provide for. He is, we understand, about to make arrangements which will ensure a regular supply of culinary vegetables throughout the sum- mer; if we have sufficient space this week we purpose giving a list of the week's supply, with the prices attached to each. James Dobbins, and Robert Phee, privates in the 63rd Regt., were charged on Tuesday last, before the Hon. W. H. Mackie, Esq, J. P., with assaulting John Lawrence, in Colour Serjeant Bar ron's public-house. Defendant Dobbins fined 2s. 6d., Defendant Phee 5s. Five shillings to the constables, and 2s. 6d. to complainant for loss of time. LIBEL LAW.-Sir F. Vincent, on Thursday, March 23th, obtained leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the law of libel. The first thing he should desire, would be the repeal of that part of the Six Acts, and of that bill brought in subsequently, which compelled all persons publishing news papers, &c;, to enter into bonds themselves and find securities. These en- actments were useless and mischievous ; they did not prevent the daily publication of the most atro- cious libels, while they prevented the dissemina- tion of much useful knowlegde. He would also do away with all ex ojicio informations ; he would make libels a subject for action or indictment, and an arbitary ex ojficio information, -a proceeding originated in the tyrannical Star Chamber, by which any law officer might keep out of the way any person whom he thought objectionable. He should also desire to protect proprietors, publishers, and printers for being responsible for acts over which they can show they had no power of control or prevention. He recollected a case, where even a servant had been included in a prosecution for libel. At the same time, it should be required of all such persons to deliver up the name of the au- thor of the libel complained of. He would include in the same exemption all booksellers and venders, for inadvertent sale of libel. He would have the justice of an allegation left in all cases to the sole judgment of the Jury. He would have the counsel for the defendant allowed to be heard last. In the event of a verdict against the defendant, the prosecu tor shall be obliged to insert the verdict and the prin- cipal points at least of the case, in six daily or weekly papers, as is done in France ; in order that those who had read the libel should see its refuta- tion in the verdict of the Jury. The Attorney-General (Sir W. Horne) would not oppose the introduction of the bill. He would reserve what he had to say on the subject to The second reading. He was not inclined to oppose what appeared to be the opinion of Parliament. MAGNIFICENT CHESS-PLAYING.\'97It is well known that the provinces of Sheres and Shanse contain some of the most opulent men in China. The natives say they have money heaped up like mountains ; and the chief money-lenders in Canton are from these provinces. During the last years of the late Emperior Kea-king, a rich widow of the name of Chun, of the district Tae- yuenfoo, had a son, who went to all lengths in luxury and extravagance. Among other idle pur- suits, he was a great chess-player. But chess, on a piece of board, or paper, as the Chinese have it, is a very meagre, though interesting game. Mas- ter Chun conceived a new idea, he got a large room painted as a chess-board, with tables for himself and friend on opposite sides. For chess- men, he purchased a set of female slaves, dressed them up in various colours, and made them per- form, by a signal, the duty of knights, pawns, horses, kings, queens, castles, &c; This high chess-player saved himself the trouble of moving the pieces. At a given signal the pieces made their exit at the door. Of these proceedings the Emperior got intelligence, and, probably, of- fended by a rich subject outdoing him in luxury, he affected to be horribly offended \'97(his own habits gave the lie to this) at the idea of bringing slaves to perform the office of chess-men ! He fined Master Chun 3,000,000 of taels, and transported him to the black Dragon River for life, telling him at the same time, that he ought to be grateful that his ' brain cup ' (or head) was not separated from his shoulders.\'97Canton Register. ARMY PENSIONS.-A Royal warrant, bearing date the 7th February, 1833, has been bublished by order of the house of Commons. It says that a soldier enlisted for unlimited service cannot demand his discharge as a matter of right, either with or without a pension ; but discharge may be granted-1st, on account of incapacity for further service ; 2d, in consequence of reduction of the military establishment ; 3d, as an indulgence upon certain conditions. Permanent pensions scale for wounds in action :-First degree,-men able to contribute towards a livelihood, although rendered by wounds unfit for the ordinary duties of a soldier, private 6d. to 9d., corporal 9d. to 1s., serjeant 1s. to 1s. and 6d. Second degree, men rendered by wounds incapable of earning a liveli- hood, but not requiring the aid of another per- son ; private 1s., corporal 1s. 4d., serjeant 1s 10d. Third degree, men losing two limbs, or both eyes, from wounds, or being so severely wounded as to be totally incapable of earning a livelihood, and to require the assistance and care of some other per- son; private Is. 6d. to 2s, corporal Is. 10d. to 2s. 4d., serjeant 2s. 6d. to 3s. Forfeiture of pen- sions.- a soldier forfeits all claim to pension who has been convicted by a court-martial of the crime of desertion ; of having wilfully maimed himself, or having tampered with his eyes, or caused a total or partial loss of sight by his vice, intemper- ance, or other misconduct; of having made, or being privy to the making of any false entry, or of producing any fraudulent document, either as re- gards his own services or those of any other per- son ; and upon conviction by a court-martial, or by a civil tribunal, of any vicious or disgraceful conduct. Kosciusko once wished to send some bottles of good wine to a clergyman of Solothurn ; and as he hesitated to send them by his servant, lest he should smuggle a part, he gave the com- mission to a young man of the name of Zeltner, and desired him to take the horse which he himself usually rode. On his return, young Zeltner said that he would never ride his horse again unless he gave him his purse at the same time. Kosciusko asking what he meant, he answered. " As soon as a poor man on the road takes off his hat and ask for charity, the horse immediately stands still, and won't stir till something is given to the petitioner ; and, as I had no money about me, I was obliged to make believe to give something, in order to satisfy the horse." Persons in warm countries certainly possess powers of imagination superior to persons in colder countries. The following description of a small room will appear very poetic to an English reader : "I am now," says a Turkish spy, writing to his employers, "in an apartment so little, that the least suspicion cannot enter it." FORMATION OF A MUSICAL EAR, The formation of the musical ear depends on early impressions. Infants who are placed within the constant hearing of musical sounds, soon learn to appreciate them, and nurses have the merit of giving the first lessons in melody ; for we learn from the lives of eminent composers, that their early fondness for the art may be traced to the duties of the nursery.\'97Gardiner's Music of Na- ture. A FINE EAR\'97Dr. Darwin informs us, in his Zoonomia, that the late Justice Fielding walked for the first time into his room, when he once visited him, and after speaking a few words, said, "This room is twenty-two feet long, eighteen wide, and twelve high," all of which is guessed by the ear.\'97Gardiner's Music of Nature. IGNORANCE\'97So long as thou art ignorant be not ashamed to learn ; he that is so fondly modest not to acknowledge his own defects of knowledge, shall in time be so fondly impudent as to justify his own ignorance. Ignorance is the greatest of all infirmities, and, justified, the great- est of all follies\'97Quarles. THE BIBLE -Our translation of the Bible, and that also of the book of Common Prayer, are written in a style of pure and noble English ; but some words contained in them have, by the change in the meaning of words since that day, assumed a meaning different from that in which they were then used ; and by these, without due caution, the reader may be misled. They are, however, very few. One of the most remarkable is the word prevent, which we now use in the sense of hinder, but it then signified to go before ; and so it is to be taken in every case in which it occurs in the Bible or Prayer Book. Thus, in the collect taken from the communion service, which is usually offered before the sermon, we have "Prevent us, O Lord, in all our doings," a petition which conveyed an idea then very different from the meaning of the word now. A curious instance of the old use of this word occurs in Walton's Angler, where one of the characters says, " I mean to be up early to-morrow morning to prevent the sun rising ; that is to be up before the sun. James Edmeston. A PRAIRIE.-The first view of a prairie will probably excite more surprise in the mind of a traveller in the United States than the grandest objects of nature. Riding day after day through forest, in which the cleared land is not of sufficient extent to interrupt the general aspect of wood, he breaks at once upon the view of fine open country,-he beholds the most extensive plains of the most soft and beautiful verdure, co- vered with flowers of every scent and hue. Occa- sionally on the prairie, and often in their centre, are fine trees, especially the oak and black walnut, so charmingly disposed, that the traveller can hardly believe that they have not been placed by the hand of man. The views of tracts of country of this description are in many places far more ex- tensive than are to be met with in any country, where land has been laid out in this way artificially with a view to its beauty, and to increase its value to its possessor. The prospect from the high grounds that often surround the prairies, compre- hending verdant lawns and large forests, through which ast rivers are rolling their mighty masses of water, and vne hills in the distance, with cottages, cattle, horses, and deer, is altogether as fine as can be conceived anywhere.-Stuart's Three Years in America. EFFECT OF HIGH SALARIES.-On the occasion of George II. the queen consort, Caroline, made a visit to the Royal Observatory ; being pleased with every thing she saw, and understand- ing the smallness of the astronomer's salary, (100/ per annum,) her Majesty very graciously said she would speak to the King to have it increased ; to which Dr. H alley, alarmed, replied, " Pray, your Majesty, do no such thing ; for should the salary be increased it might become an object of emolu- ment to place there some unqualified needy de- pendent, to the ruin of the institution."-Times Telescope, for 1833. SIR WALTER SCOTT ON THE LAW OF LIBEL.-"At this moment, if a man is mad enough in England, to tell a thief he was born to be hanged, that is a libel, and will suffer the penal- ty of the law. The petty larcenist goes off in in- dignant honesty to his Attorney-an oath is made out in the legal jargon, of the abominable malice and falsehood of such an imputation ; an informa- tion goes in due course, into Court, and an indi- vidual, with a wig upon his head instructs the jury that justification cannot be entertained, and com- pensation must be awarded ! Is this a state of things to be continued ? Either the press must be supported, or it must be dumb. Either the tongue of the public must be protected in its office, or we may as well tear it out at once by the roots. IRRIGATION.-A gentleman lately re- turned from China informs us that this process continues to be successively employed by the natives of that country. Now, considering the almost unprecedented droughts to which this colo- ny is unfortunately subject, and the ruinous con- sequences which they entail, not only on the agri- culturist but on the colonists in general, it is a matter of surprise that no attempt has yet been made to bring into operation those artificial means which are restored to in other countries, in order to obviate the disadvantages under which they labour from peculiarities of climate. It is true that irrigation is not generally understood, and that it is not always practicable to obtain proper assistance ; whence many who would willingly water their lands are prevented from taking ad- vantage of the streams capable of effecting the intention. The subject, however, is worthy of serious consideration, and we invite the attention of scientific men to the best means whereby a gradual distribution of the waters whose sources are sufficiently elevated, may be effected, in order to produce such light and temporary inundations as may in some measure supply the absence of rain, and give vigour and freshness both to the soil and its produce. In Europe irrigation is rather a novel practice ; but it was well understood by the ancients. It has been in use by the Chinese up to the earliest periods, and in India, we believe, the whole of the small grain crop is watered, in every part of Asia, the retention of water for the pur- poses of irrigation is a matter of such importance as to be entirely under the control of the govern-, ment, on account of the benefits which individuals derive from its use. The greatest difficulty opposed to the application of artificial watering, is that occasioned by the water lying below the level of the lands over which it is to be conducted. In many instances, the springs whence streams are fed lie very deep, and though copious, for want of sufficient inclination of their beds, move very slow- ly. But, without entering into a detailed con- sideration of the means by which these natural impediments are to be overcome, it is sufficient to observe, that where lands are situated on the banks of large rivers, such as the Hawkesbury and Hunter, machinery might be constructed upon the common principle of the fire engine, which, when well exerted, is capable of throwing water to a considerable extent. The subject is well worthy of particular regard, and we shall probably resume it at an early opportunity : in the mean time we would invite the attention of our scientific corre- spondents to a consideration of the means, by which so important an advantage to the colony might be most easily obtained.- Sydney Gazette. THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL The Hon. J. S. ROE, Esq., has obli- gingly favoured us with the following particulars, relative to the position of the buoys laid down for us by Capt. LAM- BERT, of H. M. S. Alligator. THE CHALLENGER BUOY, painted black, is moored in 6 fathoms water, a- bout 25 yards to the N. E. of the Challenger rock, which is nearly awash, and is situated near the North-western termination of Sea Reef, extending a mile and a quarter in a N. W. direc- tion from the N. W. point of Garden Island. This buoy is visible from a ship's deck, through a spy glass, at the distance of 5 or 6 miles, and is a princi- pal object to be made out by a ship ap- proaching the channel between Carnac and Garden Islands. STAGS BEACON, painted black, is placed about 3 furlongs in the direction of S. 65 E. (magnetic) from the Chal- lenger buoy, in 5 fathoms water, about 5 yards to the N. N. W. of a small rock, with only 6 or 7 feet water upon it. This rock is the northernmost of many which rise out of 5 and 6 fathoms water, and from a reef called the " Stags." MID BEACON, painted white, is situ- ated opposite to the Challenger buoy, in nearly 4 fathoms water, and in a line with the outer small island off the South point of Carnac, towards which it is in- tended shortly to remove it about 80 yards, into 3 fathoms on the southern edge of Middle shoal. Mid beacon will then float at the distance of 100 yards to the S. S W. of 8 and 9 feet water on the Middle shoal. FLAT LEDGE BEACON, painted white, is placed in 3 1/2 fathoms water, about 130 yards N. W. by W. from the Flat Ledge, a small reef, covered by only 6 feet water. This beacon will be shortly removed into 3 fathoms, about 130 yards in a S. E. direction, to the South side of the Flat Ledge. A ship may safely enter Cockburn Sound by passing to the North of the Challenger Buoy and Stags beacon, and to the South of the Mid and Flat Ledge beacons,-steering S. E. by E. \'be E. in Mid channel. This course may be pro- longed until the Flat Ledge and Mid beacons are brought in a line ; then haul up to the East until the largest rock of the Stragglers, appearing as two small hummocks, comes in sight round the N. E. point of Carnac. This will clear the N. E. spit, which extends three quarters of a mile from the N. E. point of Garden Island, and a course may then be shaped for any part of the Sound. To seaward of the Challenger, the principal dangers to be avoided, are situ- ated on the Five fathoms Bank, and con- sist of Seaward Reef, a small patch, 6 or 7 feet under water, about 31/4 miles W. N. (magnetic) from the North end of Carnac ; and the Casuarina Shoal, with one and two fathoms upon it, about 21/2 miles W. 1/2 N. from the N. W. point of Garden Island. Farther to the South lies Coventry Reef, a small patch of rocks just awash, leaving S. 18 1/2 W., and distant 8 miles from some remark- able sand hills on the coast near the middle of Garden Island, called " San- down." LAMBERT CHANNEL, through which H. M. S. Alligator got to sea from Owen's Anchorage on the 19th of Dec, is a valuable outlet to sea or to Cockburn Sound from Owen's Anchorage or Gages Roads, without passing round Rottenesi Island, which, during strong northerly winds that would distress a ship in either of these situations, may be considered almost impracticable.-In the absence of means at the present time for buoying this Channel, it may be found by keeping the summit of Blackland Downs a very little open to the S.of the Mewstone,in the direction of N. E. 3/4 E. & S. W3/4W (mag- netic) : his mark will carry a ship thro', in not less than 4 fathoms and about 100 yards to the northward of a small rock 4 or 5 feet under water, which is detached about a cable's length to the N. E. of the Breakers on the western bank, and is called the Passage Rock. At a cable's length to the N. W. of it is a small patch of 2 3/4 fathoms A ship must pass be- tween them in 4 to 5 fathoms water, and then haul up to the W.b.S. to avoid a small shoal spot with 31/4 upon it. The sound- ings will then quickly deepen to 7, 5,6,8, and 9 fathoms, and a course may be shaped to pass 1/2 a mile to the westward of the Challenger buoy. This Channel being narrow and not yet buoyed' olf, JP*U should not be attempted by a stranger without previously securing a boat or conspicuous cask near the Passage Rock, and another near the patch of 2 3/4 fathoms to the North- westward of it. (To be continued.) THE recent action for LIBEL, instituted by an Agent in the Civil Court, against the Editor of this Journal, was proved by the result, a vexatious and futile at- tempt to curtail the Public Press of its long and admitted right to give publicity to the proceedings of Courts of Justice. The facts were simply these-(we con- sider it advisable to recapitulate them, as some of our previous numbers may not fall into the hands of those who may have an opportunity of reading this,) that we reported, faithfully, remarks made publicly in the Civil Court, for which offence an action was brought against us, and damages laid at \'a3500 ! ! I Need we add, the case was dismissed, with some Wholesome and salutary observations ad- dressed by the Commissioner to the Plaintiff, which appeared in our last number,-sentiments which will hereaf- ter be repeated to his immortal honour, should it ever be our misfortune to suffer under the iron grasp of tyranny or op- pression. In no corner of the world has the press been so favourably received or encouraged in its infancy, as in this Colony, it grieves us therefore to find an individual amongst us fearful of its power, when directed with moderation and cau- tion. That we have not stepped aside from the line of our public duty, wantonly to interfere in the affairs of private indi- viduals, our pages will attest. Have we in any one instance mixed our private feelings with occurrences which came under our public notice with the intent of disseminating ill-feeling in our society ? on the contrary, it will be seen we have studiciously refrained from it, we look therefore to the public, whose ministers we are, to support our valuable privilege in its due exercise with the weight of their power, to the confusion of those who seek to subvert the good order of society, and its surest preservative, the liberty of the press. " Trials at law," says Lord Ellenborough, " although they may occasionally prove injurious to in- dividuals, have been held to be privileged. Let them continue so privileged ; the beneiit they produce is great and perma- nent, and the evil that arises lrom them is rare and incidental." It is unpleasant for us to be compelled to thrust this sub- ject upon our readers, but we cannot con- clude these remarks without directing their attention to another quotation from a received authority, which satisfactorily shows that the power vested in us has not been exceeded. " Where proceed- ings are faithfully reported, the law con- sidering the benefit which society derives from the exposure of villainy, or rather, perhaps, the impropriety of a person re- covering damages in a proceeding tainted with his own misconduct ; the necessity of securing those who had public duties to perform, or private claims to enforce, from the fear of collateral consequences, and the advantages derived from the publicity of Parliamentary or judicial proceedings, will not, however malicious or reprehensible the Defendant's inten- tion may, in fact, have been, allow his motives to be questioned in an action for the scandal. With this information, with which it would have been wise in our assailant to have made himself acquainted before going into Court, we leave the sub- ject, trusting that our conduct and the good taste of our neighbours will keep us free from even the imputation of scandal. The Ellen (Government schooner) is dispatched to King George's Sound to be Coppered, Capt. Lambert, of H. M. S. Alligator, having kindly proferred the Services of his hands in effecting it, to which port they are about to repair. The Ellen is not removed from this, from any want of capability in the Harbour of Cockburn Sound, but at the request of Capt. Lambert, in order to enable him to devide the period of his stay between The the two places. We think it necessary to make this remark, as a rumour pre- judicial to our interests may get into circulation ; the effectual way, however, in which H. M. S. Success was careened and repaired in Cockburn Sound, will satisfy the sceptical that this arrangement arises purely from motives of conve- nience. Having had occasion to go into the Harbour Master's Office, at Fremantle, within the past week, we were struck with the almost insufferable heat of the place ; as the Quarter Sessions are ad- vertised to be held there in the course of a fortnight, we would strongly recom- mend the Magistrates to endeavou for this session, at least, to procure some more eligible situation. If the Bench with their zeal for the furtherance for the economising system, which pervades all our public institutions, will sacrifice their own convenience, and very possible their health, let not the twelve Jurymen suffer. They are directed to weigh and consider the evidence before them, cooly and dis- passionately-a moral impossibility we should say, with the Thermometer at 108. FIRE AT RED-CLIFF-Oh Saturday last, a valuable building, the property of Captain Currie, R. N., recently the re- sidence of Captain Irwin, our late Lieut. Governor, was destroyed by a bush-fire, which had been kindled some days pre- viously at a considerable distance from the premises. It having been remarked by some of the men in the employment of the Hon P. Brown, Esq., that the house was in danger some time before the accident took place, has given rise to an opinion, that if timely assistance had been rendered this serious loss would not have been sustained. Lieut. Mc Leod was on the spot, but too late to render any further assistance than merely by clearing away the paleings which sur- rounded the house. A large gum-tree overhung the premises ; this caught fire, the flames reaching the thatch, the whole was instantly in a blaze, and the work of destruction effected, leaving merely the bare brick-walls. Mr. Sutherland, the agent for the proprietor, was upon the point of making some improvements on the premises, which the workmen were to have taken in hand this week ; fortu- nately no other preparations had been made than carting a few loads of stone to the spot. DROWNED.-On Saturday morning last, William Meloy, a carpenter, in the employment of J. Harris, Esq., was ac- cidentally drowned whilst bathing in the Upper Swan, in company with two or three of his companions, who cautioned him that he was near a dangerous spot, but the words were scarcely uttered when he sunk. The body was found on the following day. The deceased is said to have been excessively timid, and no doubt lost his presence of mind, not being a good swimmer, when the men called to him, cautioning him of his danger. He had been absent from home for some days,-and was advertised in our last number as having left his em- ployer ; he was, however, on his return, when he met with his friends,, and was induced to accompany them. He has left a wife and two children, who we believe are indentured servants to Mr. Harris. As a caution to those who are in the habit of bathing in the river near Perth, it may be as well to observe, that a shark of a considerable size was seen a few days ago, opposite to Mr. Leake's Store, a very short distance from the shore. As Watson has continued very regular in his supply of vegetables for the Perth market since our last notice of his having established a weekly market at the Jettv, he has now, we believe, obtained per- mission to fix up a stall in the market- place adjoining the Jetty, and we have every confidence it will be supplied com- mensurate with the encouragement he receives, which we hear with pleasure has been extended to him to the utmost of his means to provide for. He is, we understand, about to make arrangements which will ensure a regular supply of culinary vegetables throughout the sum- mer; if we have sufficient space this week we purpose giving a list of the week's supply, with the prices attached to each. James Dobbins, and Robert Phee, privates in the 63rd Regt., were charged on Tuesday last, before the Hon. W. H. Mackie, Esq, J. P., with assaulting John Lawrence, in Colour Serjeant Bar ron's public-house. Defendant Dobbins fined 2s. 6d., Defendant Phee 5s. Five shillings to the constables, and 2s. 6d. to complainant for loss of time. LIBEL LAW.-Sir F. Vincent, on Thursday, March 23th, obtained leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the law of libel. The first thing he should desire, would be the repeal of that part of the Six Acts, and of that bill brought in subsequently, which compelled all persons publishing news papers, &c;, to enter into bonds themselves and find securities. These en- actments were useless and mischievous ; they did not prevent the daily publication of the most atro- cious libels, while they prevented the dissemina- tion of much useful knowlegde. He would also do away with all ex ojicio informations ; he would make libels a subject for action or indictment, and an arbitary ex ojficio information, -a proceeding originated in the tyrannical Star Chamber, by which any law officer might keep out of the way any person whom he thought objectionable. He should also desire to protect proprietors, publishers, and printers for being responsible for acts over which they can show they had no power of control or prevention. He recollected a case, where even a servant had been included in a prosecution for libel. At the same time, it should be required of all such persons to deliver up the name of the au- thor of the libel complained of. He would include in the same exemption all booksellers and venders, for inadvertent sale of libel. He would have the justice of an allegation left in all cases to the sole judgment of the Jury. He would have the counsel for the defendant allowed to be heard last. In the event of a verdict against the defendant, the prosecu tor shall be obliged to insert the verdict and the prin- cipal points at least of the case, in six daily or weekly papers, as is done in France ; in order that those who had read the libel should see its refuta- tion in the verdict of the Jury. The Attorney-General (Sir W. Horne) would not oppose the introduction of the bill. He would reserve what he had to say on the subject to The second reading. He was not inclined to oppose what appeared to be the opinion of Parliament. MAGNIFICENT CHESS-PLAYING.\'97It is well known that the provinces of Sheres and Shanse contain some of the most opulent men in China. The natives say they have money heaped up like mountains ; and the chief money-lenders in Canton are from these provinces. During the last years of the late Emperior Kea-king, a rich widow of the name of Chun, of the district Tae- yuenfoo, had a son, who went to all lengths in luxury and extravagance. Among other idle pur- suits, he was a great chess-player. But chess, on a piece of board, or paper, as the Chinese have it, is a very meagre, though interesting game. Mas- ter Chun conceived a new idea, he got a large room painted as a chess-board, with tables for himself and friend on opposite sides. For chess- men, he purchased a set of female slaves, dressed them up in various colours, and made them per- form, by a signal, the duty of knights, pawns, horses, kings, queens, castles, &c; This high chess-player saved himself the trouble of moving the pieces. At a given signal the pieces made their exit at the door. Of these proceedings the Emperior got intelligence, and, probably, of- fended by a rich subject outdoing him in luxury, he affected to be horribly offended \'97(his own habits gave the lie to this) at the idea of bringing slaves to perform the office of chess-men ! He fined Master Chun 3,000,000 of taels, and transported him to the black Dragon River for life, telling him at the same time, that he ought to be grateful that his ' brain cup ' (or head) was not separated from his shoulders.\'97Canton Register. ARMY PENSIONS.-A Royal warrant, bearing date the 7th February, 1833, has been bublished by order of the house of Commons. It says that a soldier enlisted for unlimited service cannot demand his discharge as a matter of right, either with or without a pension ; but discharge may be granted-1st, on account of incapacity for further service ; 2d, in consequence of reduction of the military establishment ; 3d, as an indulgence upon certain conditions. Permanent pensions scale for wounds in action :-First degree,-men able to contribute towards a livelihood, although rendered by wounds unfit for the ordinary duties of a soldier, private 6d. to 9d., corporal 9d. to 1s., serjeant 1s. to 1s. and 6d. Second degree, men rendered by wounds incapable of earning a liveli- hood, but not requiring the aid of another per- son ; private 1s., corporal 1s. 4d., serjeant 1s 10d. Third degree, men losing two limbs, or both eyes, from wounds, or being so severely wounded as to be totally incapable of earning a livelihood, and to require the assistance and care of some other per- son; private Is. 6d. to 2s, corporal Is. 10d. to 2s. 4d., serjeant 2s. 6d. to 3s. Forfeiture of pen- sions.- a soldier forfeits all claim to pension who has been convicted by a court-martial of the crime of desertion ; of having wilfully maimed himself, or having tampered with his eyes, or caused a total or partial loss of sight by his vice, intemper- ance, or other misconduct; of having made, or being privy to the making of any false entry, or of producing any fraudulent document, either as re- gards his own services or those of any other per- son ; and upon conviction by a court-martial, or by a civil tribunal, of any vicious or disgraceful conduct. Kosciusko once wished to send some bottles of good wine to a clergyman of Solothurn ; and as he hesitated to send them by his servant, lest he should smuggle a part, he gave the com- mission to a young man of the name of Zeltner, and desired him to take the horse which he himself usually rode. On his return, young Zeltner said that he would never ride his horse again unless he gave him his purse at the same time. Kosciusko asking what he meant, he answered. " As soon as a poor man on the road takes off his hat and ask for charity, the horse immediately stands still, and won't stir till something is given to the petitioner ; and, as I had no money about me, I was obliged to make believe to give something, in order to satisfy the horse." Persons in warm countries certainly possess powers of imagination superior to persons in colder countries. The following description of a small room will appear very poetic to an English reader : "I am now," says a Turkish spy, writing to his employers, "in an apartment so little, that the least suspicion cannot enter it." FORMATION OF A MUSICAL EAR, The formation of the musical ear depends on early impressions. Infants who are placed within the constant hearing of musical sounds, soon learn to appreciate them, and nurses have the merit of giving the first lessons in melody ; for we learn from the lives of eminent composers, that their early fondness for the art may be traced to the duties of the nursery.\'97Gardiner's Music of Na- ture. A FINE EAR\'97Dr. Darwin informs us, in his Zoonomia, that the late Justice Fielding walked for the first time into his room, when he once visited him, and after speaking a few words, said, "This room is twenty-two feet long, eighteen wide, and twelve high," all of which is guessed by the ear.\'97Gardiner's Music of Nature. IGNORANCE\'97So long as thou art ignorant be not ashamed to learn ; he that is so fondly modest not to acknowledge his own defects of knowledge, shall in time be so fondly impudent as to justify his own ignorance. Ignorance is the greatest of all infirmities, and, justified, the great- est of all follies\'97Quarles. THE BIBLE -Our translation of the Bible, and that also of the book of Common Prayer, are written in a style of pure and noble English ; but some words contained in them have, by the change in the meaning of words since that day, assumed a meaning different from that in which they were then used ; and by these, without due caution, the reader may be misled. They are, however, very few. One of the most remarkable is the word prevent, which we now use in the sense of hinder, but it then signified to go before ; and so it is to be taken in every case in which it occurs in the Bible or Prayer Book. Thus, in the collect taken from the communion service, which is usually offered before the sermon, we have "Prevent us, O Lord, in all our doings," a petition which conveyed an idea then very different from the meaning of the word now. A curious instance of the old use of this word occurs in Walton's Angler, where one of the characters says, " I mean to be up early to-morrow morning to prevent the sun rising ; that is to be up before the sun. James Edmeston. A PRAIRIE.-The first view of a prairie will probably excite more surprise in the mind of a traveller in the United States than the grandest objects of nature. Riding day after day through forest, in which the cleared land is not of sufficient extent to interrupt the general aspect of wood, he breaks at once upon the view of fine open country,-he beholds the most extensive plains of the most soft and beautiful verdure, co- vered with flowers of every scent and hue. Occa- sionally on the prairie, and often in their centre, are fine trees, especially the oak and black walnut, so charmingly disposed, that the traveller can hardly believe that they have not been placed by the hand of man. The views of tracts of country of this description are in many places far more ex- tensive than are to be met with in any country, where land has been laid out in this way artificially with a view to its beauty, and to increase its value to its possessor. The prospect from the high grounds that often surround the prairies, compre- hending verdant lawns and large forests, through which ast rivers are rolling their mighty masses of water, and vne hills in the distance, with cottages, cattle, horses, and deer, is altogether as fine as can be conceived anywhere.-Stuart's Three Years in America. EFFECT OF HIGH SALARIES.-On the occasion of George II. the queen consort, Caroline, made a visit to the Royal Observatory ; being pleased with every thing she saw, and understand- ing the smallness of the astronomer's salary, (100/ per annum,) her Majesty very graciously said she would speak to the King to have it increased ; to which Dr. H alley, alarmed, replied, " Pray, your Majesty, do no such thing ; for should the salary be increased it might become an object of emolu- ment to place there some unqualified needy de- pendent, to the ruin of the institution."-Times Telescope, for 1833. SIR WALTER SCOTT ON THE LAW OF LIBEL.-"At this moment, if a man is mad enough in England, to tell a thief he was born to be hanged, that is a libel, and will suffer the penal- ty of the law. The petty larcenist goes off in in- dignant honesty to his Attorney-an oath is made out in the legal jargon, of the abominable malice and falsehood of such an imputation ; an informa- tion goes in due course, into Court, and an indi- vidual, with a wig upon his head instructs the jury that justification cannot be entertained, and com- pensation must be awarded ! Is this a state of things to be continued ? Either the press must be supported, or it must be dumb. Either the tongue of the public must be protected in its office, or we may as well tear it out at once by the roots. IRRIGATION.-A gentleman lately re- turned from China informs us that this process continues to be successively employed by the natives of that country. Now, considering the almost unprecedented droughts to which this colo- ny is unfortunately subject, and the ruinous con- sequences which they entail, not only on the agri- culturist but on the colonists in general, it is a matter of surprise that no attempt has yet been made to bring into operation those artificial means which are restored to in other countries, in order to obviate the disadvantages under which they labour from peculiarities of climate. It is true that irrigation is not generally understood, and that it is not always practicable to obtain proper assistance ; whence many who would willingly water their lands are prevented from taking ad- vantage of the streams capable of effecting the intention. The subject, however, is worthy of serious consideration, and we invite the attention of scientific men to the best means whereby a gradual distribution of the waters whose sources are sufficiently elevated, may be effected, in order to produce such light and temporary inundations as may in some measure supply the absence of rain, and give vigour and freshness both to the soil and its produce. In Europe irrigation is rather a novel practice ; but it was well understood by the ancients. It has been in use by the Chinese up to the earliest periods, and in India, we believe, the whole of the small grain crop is watered, in every part of Asia, the retention of water for the pur- poses of irrigation is a matter of such importance as to be entirely under the control of the govern-, ment, on account of the benefits which individuals derive from its use. The greatest difficulty opposed to the application of artificial watering, is that occasioned by the water lying below the level of the lands over which it is to be conducted. In many instances, the springs whence streams are fed lie very deep, and though copious, for want of sufficient inclination of their beds, move very slow- ly. But, without entering into a detailed con- sideration of the means by which these natural impediments are to be overcome, it is sufficient to observe, that where lands are situated on the banks of large rivers, such as the Hawkesbury and Hunter, machinery might be constructed upon the common principle of the fire engine, which, when well exerted, is capable of throwing water to a considerable extent. The subject is well worthy of particular regard, and we shall probably resume it at an early opportunity : in the mean time we would invite the attention of our scientific corre- spondents to a consideration of the means, by which so important an advantage to the colony might be most easily obtained.- Sydney Gazette. }