F1KEBREAKS. In travelling about the country one does not see so many firebreaks as would seem to be necessary, especially in the wheat-growing districts. There is no better expended time or money than that incurred in making fire breaks/ and while they may not be used once in two or three years, farmers and pastoralistB should not be lulled into a sense of false security ia not taking the necessary precau tions. One objection that 13 raised against in curring the trouble and expense of forming firebreaks is that the fire driven by a gale of wind will often leap across a break 60ft. wide# No doubt ihis will sometimes happen, but under such circumstances it ia bad policy to allow the bush fire to come In full blast up to the break. In sucb a case meeting fire with fire must be prac tised. A fire may safely be lighted to burn against the wind along a break over which the bush-fire would easily leap it if It came up un checked. There are several ways of burning the protecting firebreaks. Where practicable it should be done between plough furrows. Three plough furrows on each side are suffi cient. Of course,' the wider the space between the furrows the better, but it shonld not be less than 60ft. Many stock owners like to burn in the middle of a hot day, but there la always the danger of the fire getting away, and the draught raised by the fire is often bo strong that though tbejire burns fiercely it does not burn clearly, and something Is left t0 carry a bush-fire over the burnt ground after warde. Better and more satisfactory work is done by burning on a dry, still evening. The fire then travels more slowly, but everything iB cleaned up. Whether plough furrows are used as bounds for the break or not, there should always be sufficient force at band to control a fire Bbould a breakaway occur. The hide or leather beaters are the best implements to beat out the flames, as they can be depended on to the last. A bough, though excellent while fresb, is apt to give out jast ewhen it is most wanted, and then much valuable time is wasted getting another. The gunny bag or shorn sheepskin fastened to a pole is used by some, but nothing answers so well as the leather or hide beater attached to-a 6ft. pole* The plan of ploughing two three-furrow ridgea parallel to each other and 20 yards apart, is evidently as good a plan as can be adopted, for with the grass burnt in the 20-yard space between them the risk of the fire spreading .. Is very small. 