NEWS 'IN BRIEF. ;- : HEW SOUTH WALES. The Junee Show takes place on 6th and 7th September. ' : ' ;A successful trial was made ab Murrurundi of watering'stock travelling by rail while in transit.- '? .'??' '?' ' ' General Booth will visit Sydney on April '' 8, when a great harbor reception will be tendered him. ? On Wednesday evening a man blew hia brains out with an old-fashioned pistol ab Mount Steel, hear Mount Rennie. ? The polling for the extraordinary vacancy in-the Temora Council resulted as follows : — Lucas 197, Ma honey 102, Foley 10. ? , William Moore, an old resident of Towns ville (Q), blew out his brains when he had £90 and a bag of gold dust still left to live u'pon. ?'??', , ! A reduction of 25 per cant, upon fodder forwarded' to stock starving in the colony has been the means of owners savinglarge numbers. 'To avoid accidents by trees falling across roads as much as pousible the Minister for 'Works has gheo instructions that dangerous Property in Sydney ' is insured against fire to tlie amount of £60,000,000, of which the Sydney companies' risk ia over £25,000,000, about 40 per cent, of the whole. The men B. C. L. Wilson, who, it will be re membered, was arrested at Albany wnen about to /proceed to England in company with his crippled eon, has been committed : for trial on three charges of nameless offences at Ipswich. Mr. J. A. Buckland, of Wonbobbie, has lost a merino ram. which Cost him 270 guineas, through injuries received from fighting^ ' ' Dr. George 'Walker 'Watfc has been ap pointed a member of the Narandera Licensing Bench, vice Mr George Beeby, resigned. 1 Mr. M'Millan can well claim to be the most conservative of our public men, though he is run close by some other well- known politicians. A largely-attended meeting at Wyalong has almost unanimously approved of a reso lution for the establishment of a cottage hospital, and plans haye been prepared for a building, estimated to oosfc £450. :- Mr. Pound, Queensland Bacteriologist, who has returned to Brisbane from a visit to the Bundaberg district;, reports that unin oculated cattle are dying in hundreds from tick fever, while inoqulated cattle only buc sump m rare instances, v ^ Dean Oowper haa held office in Sydney f ir foirfcy years. He will feel quite lost wberf'the accomplishment of federation finally abolishes Sydney, as it will— nnnnrdinpf to Dibbs and his friends. Mrs*«' Elizabeth Bradshaw, of North Berry Jerry, died very suddenly of heart failure. The deceased, was an old and much respected resident of the district. Her age was 62 years, and she leaves a large fanrily. ':^bV first bore put down at Haddon Big/- 'Mr. Richmond's station, has struck water at a depth of about 900ft. . The j-fl£w is estimated at 300,000 gallons daily. ; Bjjring will be continued until a larger : flow, is struck or the bedrock reached. At Hurstville, one of the outer Sydney suburbs, a bush-fire s pread over about 7 . miles, causing considerable damage to fences. Two cottages, belonging to two brothers named Morton, were destroyed, and several dwellings were threatened. Mr. William Fisher died on Monday at Gunning at the reputed age of 102 years. ing district for 60 years, and landed in tho colony 84 years auto. He leaves grand children and great grandohildren to the number of 147. Mr. T, F. Waller, J.P., formerly of Albury, has been appointed the trustee to be charged- with the- administration of the act to make provision for the widow arid children of the late Sir Henry Parkes by grants out of ,th« Consolidated Eeveuuo Fund, in terms of section 8 thereof, in the place of the late Mr. Raines Martin. .'???. Peter Swanston, an old identity, living in Maori Row, near Crystal- street, Broken Hill, is 'believed to have shot himself on Thursday night;1' He was last seen alive on that night, andhiB body was found in his hut on Satur day morning. It was very much decom posed, and. the police who removed it to the ni'orguo became very ill. 'Typhoid fever is very prevalent in Wagga. At present there are about 30 patients in Wagga Hospital, a third of whom are affected with that disease. On. Thursday night Mian -Susie Mongan, public school teacher, who was a native of the town, and was very popular, died from typhoid. A Victorian ?elector also suooumbed to the same com plaint a day or two ago. .'The proprietors of Sussex Station, Soppy Mountain, Cobar, are offering a reward of £100. for information that will lead to the recovery of 1100 sheep stolen from the station. £50 will be paid for the recovery of the sheep, and' £50 for the conviction of the -thief or' thieves'/ ?'' ?''.?'.'' ' ' ' . ' ? ' ' - A gardener named James Horsfall, living at Redfern, was found in a paddock at Waterloo onTuesdav mornirier Ivine in a nool of blood with his throat cut and several stab wounds'4h the vicinity of the heart, self inflicted. He is in a critical condition. Mr, Ds Burgh Persse, a director of the Queensland Meat Export Company, hns recently visited Singapore, and. arranged for the resumption of an Australian supply of meat. But cargoes of froztm beet and mutton are to be sent forward in place of live stock. The matter of erecting large cold storage has been taken in hand by the Tanjong Pagar Dock Company. That there is on the part of the young fellows — tho rising generation— a desire to enter the Civil Service, ia evident from the number which have entered for the Civil Service Examination. There are 50 junior clerkships vacant, and there are 250 candidates. 170 of them are to be examined at the University, and the remainder at various country centres. At a wedding in Sydney lately carrier pigeons were turned to a pretty use. Im mediately after the ceremony the bride released over a dozen birds, which carried the news to the respective home circles. The novelty is likely to be largely pa tronised among the gushing classes. The previous gathering in of the birds is the only trouble. : Tbe: WeBt Wyalong Progress Com mittee has passed a motion favoring the establishment of a cottage hospital there. The step is taken, it is claimed, in the in terests of miners who at present, in the case of accident, have to be brought to the Wyalong Hospital for treatment, a distance; of three miles, often a great risk to life. ' Says the Times : — ' There is quite an epidemic of gastritis in our community. People should be exceptionally careful what they eat and drink just at this par ticular period of the year when the sea son is changing and in consequence with it the human constitution. There are at least a score of sufferers with the com plaint in Gundagai.' At Candelo there has been celebrated the golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. John Keys. After 50 years marriage, with a large family, there has not been a death in the family, nor a break amongst the relations. There are 10 children, and 40 grandchildren. The ceremony was held in the showground, with 600 guests pre sent from all parts of the coast and Manaro. Wallace Allen, aged 65 years, a retired grazier, living in Mitchell-street, Dubbo, was accidentally drowned at his home late on Saturday night. He was very infirm and ?emi-paralysed, unti wandered into the baok yard, presumably to get a drink, or see if a large water tub had been properly filled for next day's requirements. He was found dead, with his head and shoulders immersed. He had evidently toppled into the water, and was unable to extricate himself. The tub was nearly three feet deep. The worth, of feed in drought time is shown in striking fashion by an item of news from Orange. A grazier at Orange has a reserved oaddock of 1750 acres, a squatter at Bpurke has 500 horses and no grass. The two are happily brought together, and the bargain is ntruck for £800. Eight hundred pounds actually paid for eight months' grazing of that paddools:. To this the horse owner must add the cost of railway transit from Bourke to Orange, and of tho return journey also if local sale is not practicable. A destructive fire occurred at 2 o'clock on the 23rd inst. in Deboos-street. Temora, by which two cottages, owned by Mrs. Saw bridge, were destroyed in a quarter of an hour. One was the residence of Mr. Edward Tucker and his family. Save a little furni ture, all was burned. Nothing could Bave the next building, which was unoccupied. Another building adjoining, Mr. Thomas's boardinghouse, owned by .Mr. Baker, had a narrow escape, but was saved through the fire brigade's efforts. The property is said to have been insured for £200, but nothing at present is known. Our new Governor, Lord Beauchamp, leaves for Sydney on April 6 by the mail steamer Himalaya. He is to be accom panied by the Dowager Lady Raglan and her daughter, Lady Violet Somerset. The dowager is the relict of that Lord Rnglan who waa Commander-in-chief in the Crimea, and . regarding whose military capacity there was much doubt at the time. Ho one was more severely criti cised. The Governor will be here in time tn hold the regular levee on i . tfye i 'Queen's' Birthday. Another old pioneer of the. district passed away on Monday in the person of Mrs. Isabella Simpson, mother of Mrs. Peter H. Stewart, of . Wilcox-street. The deceased lady had attained the ripe age of 82, and until a week ago maintained . all her f uculties. Mrs. Simpson will be recollected by all the old subscribers of the Mechanics' Institute, her husband, the late Mr. James Simpson, having faithfully fulfilled the duties of librarian for 11 years, and had lived in Albury for 40 years. Mrs. Simpson, her husband, and only child left Scotland in 1853, and in that year resided in the Yass district.. Deceased leaves behind a large number of grandchildren and great-grandchildren to mourn their loss. The Mancheoter Chamber of Commerce is endeavoring to impress iipon the vari ous Australian Governments the advan tages which Manchester offers as a market for refrigerated produce. Their circular letter to the Agents- General, however, insists that 'it is essential to the intro duction of Australian meat and other provisions into this district that a market should be made for it. The produce must be made known before it ean bo appre ciated and asked for by consumers. Such initial work is the province of and will have to be done by the seller.' Mr. Jumes Ruddin, an alderman of Liverpool, is at present visiting these colon ies. Mr. Ruddin is greatly interested in the export of frozen produce, and has erected i large refrigerator of his own in Liverpool it a cost of over £50,000 Hi8 mission here is to arrange for further shipments of frozen produce. He says ;—' People in England are fast losing their prejudice against frozen meat, for which the establishment of numbers of refrigerating works throughout the country is mainly responsible. The populace is now satisfied that they can rely upon securing their meat In perfect order.' They were arguing about the Bite of th9 capital of the new Federation. The company was mixed, and as natural In these circum stances, local prejudices were very plainly in evidence. One man thoughh his town was the very best, and another considered no place but the village he championed should be considered by the Federal Parliament. The argument grew rather warm until one gentleihaa boldly advocating the claims of a town aaid, ' Why the only thing it wants to makean ideal capital is more water and a better class'of settlera.' And from the further end of the room came a still small voice which had not been previously heard-iri the discus sion^ ' That's all hell requires to make it' a most desirable retreat.' :. Mr. W. W. Froggatt, the Government Entomologist, recently paid a visit to the Mittagong district, to report on the cod lin moth pest. The apple crop, in spite of the bad season, has been very good, but fully 80 per cent, of the apples have been ruined by codlin moth. Mr. Frqg gatfc states that with bandaging, spraying, and cleaning the trees in winter, this pest ean easily be eradicated. Yet, through the want of a little energy, orcnaraists are letting their apples rot on the ground, while thousands of cases are coming here from Tasmania, Victoria, and America every week. The Queensland Department of Agri culture some time ago communicated with the departments of New South Wales and Victoria, pointing out that as the fruit-fly was never known to attack pineapples it was thought nece&mary; that the inspection be dispensed with. The department has now received a reply from hnrh nolonifls that as there was dancer of the fly attacking pineapples it was abso lutely necessary that the iuspecticm be carried out at the port of shipment, and unless accompanied by a certificate the fruit would nob be admitted to either colony. ' ' ? ? ' ' ? 