THE NOVELIST. NORAH OF BILLABONG. By M. Grant 'Bruce, Author f "Mates at Billabong,'" !'Glen Eyre," etc., etc.). CHAPTER XV.-The House by -Atholton. The little feet that run to me, The little hands that strive To touch me at the heart," and find The heart in me alive. Oh God! if bands and feet should fail! If Death his mist should fling Between my heart and the touch of The little living thing! --R. Orawford. It was late in the afternoon of the third day, and in a cloud of thick dust the riders were hurrying along the road towards Atholton. Ahead they could see the scat tered roofs of the little township, show ing white among the trees; but everything was obscured by the dust that swirled and eddied, now tearing away before them in a cloud 60 feet high, or seeming to stand still all around them, blinding any vision for more than a few yards. Behind a leaden sky glowered through the dust clouds, or was revealed, darkly purple, when they rose for an instant to swirl and scurry, and grow dense again, as the shrieking wind came in a fresh gust. Three days of gradually mounting heat had worked up to a tempestuous change. All day riding had been anything butplea sant. Even m early morning the air had been still and heavy, after a night of breathless heat. They had left camp not long after sunrise, intending to rest during the middle of the day; but the weather had tried the horses; they had travelled badly, sweating before they had gone a mile, so that progress was slow. Mr. Lin ton had cut the noon "spell" ruthlessly short. "Well have to hurry," he said, glancing uneasily at the sullen sky. "This means a big storm, and it's very doubtful if we can escape it, even now. As far as I remem ber,-,there's no shelter at all between here and Atholton, and there is too much big timber along the track to be safe in a storm. Billy, you travel the slowest-cut along!" Billy proceeded to "cut," not unwillingly. He hated storms, even as a cat. and firmly believed that thunder was the noise of in numerable "debbil-debbils," let loose dan gerously near the inhabintants of earth, and at any moment likely to fall on the. just and the unjust. He mounted Bung Eye and jogged off along the track- the pack horse toiling 'n the rear. Ten minutes later saw the rest of the party in pursuit. " From the first' it was evident that the ride would be a race with the storm. Mr. Lintoish made all the haste that was possible for the homes; but the way was long, and the heat so breathless that- it seined cruel to urge the poor brutes along. A purple cloud came up out of the west, and spread up and up; then a murky haze obscured the sun, yet brought no lessening of heat. Finally came a low sighing of far away wind, and long before it struck them they could see distant .tree tops swaying and bending before the fury of the blast. They came to a sharp turn in the road, facing eastwards. "Thank goodness, there's Atholton!" ut tered Mr. Linton, pointing at the roofs far 'ahead. "We may get off with dry skins if we gallop." They shook up the horses. Even as they did so, the beginning of.. the storm was upon them ip a furious gust of wind that gathered up the loose summer dust of the road and carried it high into the air. It was impossible to .see more than a few yards ahead except between the gusts. They rode 'blindly, trusting to their horses, and fairly sure that on such an afternoon there would be no other obstacles of traffic on the lonely bush track. On either side the thick timber creaked and groaned in the wind, and occasionally a sharp crack told of a limb or a tree top breaking under the strain. Then the horses bounded as a sharp crackle of thunder came out of the west and ran down the sky in a heavy, echoing roll; followed by .a vivid flash of lightning. Heavy drops began, to fall, splashing into the thick dust underfoot. "Gad! There's a house!" said Mr. Lin ton thankfully. "Make for the gate, Jim." i hundred yards ahead a white cottage stood near the track, in the midst of a pleasant orchard,. As they clattered up to the -road gate a woman came out upon the verandah and waved to them ener getically, beckoninig .hem in. Garryowen propped- at the gate;- and Jim swung' it open. The sky 'seemed to split with an other thunderclap as they rode through, and then came rain, likea curtain, blotting out everything behind them. The woman rushed 'down to the little J garden gate as they raced to it. "Let the young ladies come in 'here quick! There's a shed' over there for the horses." "Off you 'gt, girls!" _Mr. Linton said. Jean and Norah slipped to the ground, yielding their bridles into ready hands, and ran up the garden path behind their host ess. The rain was pelting upon the iron roof of the little cottage with a noise like musketry. "I don't think you're very wet," panted the woman. She darted into the house, returning with towels, and rubbed them Sdowni as they stdod on the verandah, de spite their protests. S"We're truly all right," Norah told her. i "Thank you ever so much. But what luck! . Fiveminutes later and we'd havebeensoak ed to the skin but for your house. And it isn't a joke to get everything web through when you're camping, .as we are, and tray elling as light as possible." "I should think not," said her hostess Sa tall woman, white faced and delicate in ap pearance, with tired grey eyes, that had black half circles beneath them. "Fast is, I've been Inakinr, nat fnr van.-.th hn-.-M?,.. 

 in the township was telling me Mr. Lin ton's party was to come through Atholton this evening. I've been thinking about you all the afternoon, wondering if the storm would catch you." "You were very good," Jean told her, shyly. "Oh, I don't know. There isn't so much to think about in these places-one's glad of any excitement. I'd have been more excited if I'd known it wasn't only men riding. It's a big ride for you, two .girls." "We're used to it,". said Norah. "It's been lovely, until to-day; that has cer tainly been a bit hot It's hot still, isn't it?" "Close as ever it can be," said the woman. "But the rain'll cool it." She peeped round the corner of the verasidah, putting her head into the rain. "They're all right in the shed, horses and all. Will you go into the house and sit down and rest?" "I think it is nice out here," Norah said, hesitatingly. "Well, it is better than inside-the house is heated right through," said the woman. "Wooden houses cool quickly, but they heat like anr oven, don't they? Ill bring out chairs." She disappeared-her move ments were Curiously quick-and came out laden. They sat on the verandah, with the pelting rain beating all round them, and a sense of wet coolness gradually coming over the hot atmosphere. She was anxious to talk-this gaunt, hungry eyed woman of the hush. She went from one subject to another almost feverishly, asking them a hundred ques tions-of home, of school, of the life that was so busy hundreds of miles away from her lonely home in the timber. And al ways her eyes wandered restlessly, as if eke were seeking. Once she failed to an swer a, question, staring before her with a strained look that was half expectancy and ha!f despair. Then she came back to at tention with a start, and begged their par don. "I-I was listening," she said. "I didn't quite hear what you were saying." The storm began to wear itself out after a while, and she took them into the house, saying that they would be glad of a wash and brush up while she made some tea. Shr: showed them into a neat little bed room, and brought a brimming can of hot water. "Just you make yourselves quite at home," she said. "Don't hurry: I'll call you when I got tea made." She went out, closing the door. It was a bright little room, with a cheap blue paper on the walls, and crisp, fresh curtains at the window. Everything was poor, but spotlessly clean. "Isn't it nice?" Jean said. "It smells of lavender and things!" "And as if the window were always open," said Norah. apnroringly. "I like it-and I like her, too. Don't you. Jean?" "Yes-I do." Jeni said, slowly. "She she's a bit queer though, isn't she?" ".'lhe's cot a s.'ared sort of look," Norah said. trying to find words. "Perhaps she's had a lot. of trouble. Ever so many women in tbhe Bush do, I think. But I like her eyer . though they're so tired." "They're motherv sort of erres." said Jean. her thoutht: suddenlv flying to her own mother, in far off New Zealand. "I won der if t.hat' her little girl?" A photograph srmilerl at them from a chean frame rn the wall; a little laughing child. taken in the stiff. conventional manner of the country photographer, yet dimpling into merriment as if at some suddenly happy thought. "Oh!" "sild Norah. "What a 'lear little veoug"t"r! Tnt'l oh" a do-linu'_" She fae cd roiund as the door onenel, and their lihos tess came in, bringing clean towels. "We're 

 just in love with this." she said, indicating the photograph. "Is she your little. kid die?" The woman put down the towels in silence. Her face was working, and be fore the misery in her eyes Jean and Norah shrank back aghast. There was' a mo ment's dreadful silence. Then she spoke in a strained, unnatural voice. "She was-once," she said. "But she's dead. We lost her. She's dead. Dead!" Suddenly she was gone, the .door slamming behind her. The girls looked at each other dumbly, horror stricken. "Oh, "I say!" said Joan, presently. "Oh, weren't we idiots! I'm so sorry we asked her." "Poor thing!" Norah said, her voice a shade unsteady. "Oh, poor thing! Did you see how terrible her eyes were?" Jean nodded. "There couldn't be any thing more awful than to have a kiddie like that, and 'then for it to die," she said. "No wonder she looks so-so hungry. I wish we hadn't asked her." "So do I," Norah said. "It must have hurt her dreadfully-and she's been very kind to us. But how could we guess?" "I don't half like going out," said Jean. "I wish we could slip away." "We couldn't do that," Norah said, shak ing her head. "Come on. We'd better hurry, because Dad and the boys will be over. The rain has nearly stopped." They found the rest of their party in the kitchen, when they made their way out presently, consTuerably refreshed. Their hostess was bustling about, setting out cups and saucers. She met their half nervous glances quite cheerfully. "Perhaps you two would butter . some scones for me,"' she said. She smiled at them-a kindly look that told them they had .nothing to worry about.' And Norab and Jean took the task thankfully. "Now what are you going to do?" Their hostess asked the question of Mr. Linton across the empty teapot. It was a large teapot, but 4lt had been filled and emptied twice. Now everyone was feeling better. "You can't go camping to-night," she went on. "The ground will be soaking and you'd get your death of cold. Besides, it may rain againi -I don't believe it's all over yet." "Oh, camping is out of the question," 11r. Linton answered. "Well have to find shel ter in the township, that's all. I suppose there's a hotel?" "If you call it one," said the woman, sniffing. "Sort of bush *shanty, I should call it-and not too good a specimen at that. Very rough style, and not too clean and that's putting a pretty fine point upon it. You couldn't possibly take these chil dren there. She nodded in a friendly way at Jean and Norah. "H'm-that's awkward," said the squat ter. "Are there any farms about that would take us in?"' "I don't know of any. Most of the people about here have small houses and they're pretty crowded. She hesitated. "If you gentlemen could manage at the hotel; I'd be very glad to have the girls here.". "That's very good of you," air. Linton said, hesitating in his turn.. She read thb shade of doubt in his eyes. "You know my husband, I think," she said; "he's Jack Arehdale, that used to be boundary rider at the Darrells' station." "Why, of course," said Mr. Linton. "And you-weren't you teaching in the State school at Mulgoa? I seem to remember hearing of Archdale's wedding." "Yes, Mr. Darrell gave us a great wed ding," said Mrs. Archdale, smiling. "Five years ago, nearly; we came up here soon after." Her face clouded momentarily, as if remembering. "Jfack's doing contract. work; hell be in after a while. So, will you trust your belongings to-me, Mr. Lin ton?" "Only too gladly," said the sqtiatter, in a voice of relief. "It's exceptionally lucky for us, Mrs. Archdale. One has to take risks of findingirowdy bush inns when one goes for wild expeditions, but I confess I'm glad not to 'have to take the girls there. I'm greatly obliged to you." /"Oh,.it's a real' treat to me," she said. "It's lonely! here; I don't seem to make great friends "with the township people, and Jack's away all day, and you can't be always scrubbing and cleaning a house of this size, to keep yourself occupied. " You don't know how glad I've been of a talk with them al ready-and they took pity on my questions!" She flashed a look across at Norah that sud denly made her tired face quite like' that of the little laughing child in the photo. graph. "You won't mind staying with me?" she asked, a little wistfully. "We'll be"awfiilly glad to," Norah 'said. As a rule, she was a.little shy of strangers' but there was something about this woman that made her feel more like a friend, and Norah was desperately sorry for the brave heart behind the haggard eyes. It was a little hard to say good-bye to Mr. Linton and the boys, aseing them ride off to the township in the clean,. rain washed dusk. But they found plenty to do in helping their hostess, although she would have had them sit still and do nothing. 'And there was an odd fascination about her about her qiiick voice and quick motements, and quaint, unexpected streaks of merri ment, that 'set them laughing very often., Archdale was a big, silent fellow, who evi denly worshipped his wife's very shadow. His eyes scarcely left her as she flitted about the kitchen preparing the evening meal.'The photograph that they had seen was in every room-a big enlargement of it in Mrs. Arch dale's bedroom. It even smiled from over the polished tins upon the kitchen mantel piece, and sometimes Norah saw the father's eyes wander to it sadly. After tea they talked on the front ver andah, having made a joint business of the washing up. Jack Archdale went to bed soon. He had had a long day's work in the heat. But his wife kept Jean and Norah up a little longer, always talking. A strong restlessness never left her. It was evident ly hard for her to sit still, and to' keep silent a harder thing yet. Still, she made them so merry when she talked that they forgot that they were tired, and were sorry when at last she packed them off to the fragrant little bedroom with the blue .walls. 

 "I do like her," Jean said. They werc tucked into bed together, the moonlight coming in through the open window, and making a white ray across the sheet. "She's just a dear," Norah agreed. "But, oh! hasn't she sorry eyes! Don't you wish one could make her forget?" "My word!" said Jean, with emphasis. "But no mother ever could forget losing a little kiddie, I expect. And she hasn't got any others." There came a tap at the half open door, and Mrs. Archdale came in. She sat down on Norah's side of the bed, which was near est the door. The moonlight fell on her face, showing it quite colourless. "You're quite comfortable?" she asked. '"That's right. I thought I'd like to see. I like someone to tuck up. I thought I'd come and-and tuck you up." Something in her voice kept them silent. But Norah put out a half-nervous hand, and Mrs. Archdale took it and held it. "And-and tell you about her," she said. Then she was silent again. Outside in the paddocks a curlew was calling wearily across the timber. "I'm sure I must have frightened you this afternoon," she said at last. "I was dread fully ashamed of myself." "Please 'don't," Norah whispered. "We shouldn't have asked you." "Why not? If I can't stand being asked, I have no business to keen the pictures about. Only-you see it was on just such a day as this that we lost her; fearfully hot, and ending in a big thunder storm. Just like to-day-and whenever one comes, I go nearly mad. I can't keep still, and all the time I'm listening and looking. I know it's terribly foolish, but I can't held it. Jack knows; he always understands and he doesn't go away from me these days unless he can't get out of it." She stopped, and they felt her shiver ing. "You see, we lost her in the scrub," she said, dully. "What!" "She slipped away into the timber. She was only just three, and no little child has much chance in the bush. How would they have? It's so big and lonely, and cruel oh. how I hate it! We hunted-we were hunting so soon! and all the district turn ed out, and we got the blacktrackers. But it was so hot-and then the big storm came up, and, when it was over there were no tracks." She ceased, looking .out of the window; so long silent that it seemed that she had forgotten them. "So we never found her," she said at length, quite calmly. "The Bush just took her and swallowed her in. We looked for weeks; long and long after all the other people had given it up-and they didn't give up soon-Jack and I were hunting. All day long, and often all night too: call ing and calling, as long as we thought that she could .ns?wer. And after that we hunted, only ws did not call. And then. like a fool, I gnt. brain fever, and while I was ill the big bush fires came and burnt all that part of the scrub. It's fifteen months ago, now." Jean was sobbing softly. But Norah could only cling to the hard, work worn hand she held, very tightly. "I often think how lucky mothers are who see their kiddies die," the tired voice went on. "They know they helped them as much as was possible, and they have their graves to look ofter. I haven't got anything: no grave, and no memories. Then I think of her lost and wandering In that horrible green prison-tired and fright ened, and calling me: and I don't know how much she suffered. Why, it scares men to get lost in the Bush-and my littles Babs was only three. If 1 knew-if I knew that 

 she died easily. It isn't fair on a mother not to know, when she was such a baby thing. It isn't fair." She had quite forgotten them now. It was as if she was talking to herself. "Jack wants to go away from here," she said. "But I can't go. I can't go. I hl ways keep thinking that some day when I am walking through the scruib I might find-something.. And - then at least I would have the little grave. It would be easier than having just nothing. Jack doesn't like me to go looking, now. But I have to keep on. When you've nut your baby to bed every night for three years kissed her and alayed with her-how she used to laugh !-and heard her say her little prayers, and tucked her in--you can't settle down to leaving her' alone at night out in .the timber. You just can't do it." Aggin the voice ceased, and she sat star ing out of the open window. After a long while she got up, still holding Norah's hand. "Good-night," she said. "Perhaps I oughtn't to have told you. But I had to, somehow. If it hadn't been this kind of a day I could have told you lots of funny little things she used to do." And with that dreadful little speech on-her lips she went away.