TROUGH AUSTRALIAN CANAD " SPECTACLES WINNIPEG By ROBERT McMILLAN CHAPTER XIL Your first impression on arriving in Winnipeg is that of disap pointment. It is just like any other English or Australian town. There are motor-cars, sight-seeing cars, tram car,, and all the ve hicles we are accustomed to, and the streets are up for repairs! All civilized countries appear to be fond of taking up the -streets, and per haps that is only a manifestation of the comtiplexity of their civiliza tion. Winnipeg has some wonderfully tall, solid, impressive build ir.gs, and wide, tree-planted streets. It has a population of nearly 200,000. and it has all grown up in a few years. I had the same feeling in Winnipeg as I had when I first landed in Perth, W.A. I had travelled over 2.x0 miles from Sydney in a big steamer, and landing at Fremantle, had taken the train up to Perth, and when I got there, it was just Australian, British, ordinary commonplace, the same as Sydney. I'm an old traveller, and have seen mane lands and many people, and you'd think I'd have grown hardened by this time, but I have not. When I travel a long way I expect to see a difference, and there wasn't any difference between Winnipeg and any other British town. There were the same sort of loafers and unemployed, the same policemen in the middle of the street, the same Salvation Army, and the same churches and schools and restaurants, and bargain sales in dry-goods shops. But the minute you began to think, you saw the miracle of it all. \\When I was a boy, there wasn't any Winnipeg at all, and in i88o, Alain Street, Winnipeg, was a prairie trail! And now, it is a city of nearly 200,000 inhabitants, and is growing so fast that 'it will be bigger than Sydney before we know where we are. It can't help it! Nobody can stop it, for the farmer is there, and the farmer is coming, and the land is rich, and the more farmers comne, the nt re are bound to come. Winnipeg is over 1,250 miles from Toronto, in the Province of Manitoba, anid it was only made into a province about 1870, and it contains an area of something like 250,000 square miles (New South Wales has 310,000). When you are passing Lake Superior, you are in a sterile, metalliferous Broken Hill sort of country, only that it has green grass and waterholes. all over its stony surface. After you have passed Port Arthur and Fort William, at the head of Lake Supe rior, and passed the town of Kenora, the country! begins to flatteni out, and you see a rude fence once in a while, and then a shack, and then a hut, and at last a homestead, and by the time you have reached WVinnipeg and the Red River, you are fairly on to the prairie land, where the earth has been preparing for the plough for untold geolo gical ages. You are in a flat, uninteresting agricultural country, a country that is our rival, a country that has only recently joined the council of the nations, a country of. British giants and men of power. This is a new country to me. It is a different country from Eastern Canada; the people are different; they speak differently; they act differently; they think differently. They are different ! They remind me of the rich nigger wench, who was left a widow, and a friend found her buying black underwear. She asked "Why do you buy black underclothes ?" Whereat the darkey woman sniffed and replied "When I mourn, I mourn," Well, these Winnipeg men are in dead earnest, and when they do business, they do big business. In 1870 her population 'was 215; in 1911 it was 180,ooo. She has 23 banks, and wlhercevtr the carcase. is, there will the eagles be gathered. When you see a beautiful, classic building, or a remarkably fine build ing in Winnipeg; you may be sure its a bank, As for the business men; they are as proud of their town as if they had made it. The year before last they started the idea of hav Sing a "fltisiness -Men's Trip," To coyer11Wesfern Canada and the Rock ies, and it worked all right, so last year they had another. They hired a special train of five Pullman cars, a dining car, and a baggage car, and made a trip of somie 2,000 miles, stopping at every decent-sized town on the journey. This. year they had 17 more applications than would fill'seven Pullman cars, and it was a success ! Last night they had a meeting of the Board, and somebody suggested a business mfsen's trip to the British Isles, for next year. Right 1. How much? Seventy five thousand dollars. So be it. We'll go I 'And these Winnipeg business men are going to Great Britain to teach the Britishers about Winnipeg, and every man will be an emigration agent,- and the Gov ernment won't have to subsidise them' either. Do you think this town' has a special brand of business men? Not a bit of it; but they are protd, progressive, and in dead earnest. -The people in the streets of Winnipeg are better looking, happier looking, and of a higher physical average than any town I've been in; and the people appear to me to have realized the necessity for organi sation. They have a "Winnipeg Development and Industrial Bureau," which seems to exist solely for the purpose of advertising the town. It is'. an .organisation representing eighteen different business bodies, and it has for a commissioner, Mr. Charles lF. Roland, who seemst to me to fill the position of the town's daddy,' always on the lookout for what will be good for the baby; But the question which: must'come 'to the every-reflecting mind is this: "What makes Winnipeg?". Organisation. won't do it: En thusiasm won't do it. Roland can 't do it. What does it then '' You can't answer it in a' single wordibut I' would say that the chief facts are water, farmers and geograplcal position, and the first of thiese is water. .. I was brought tip to think about water as a thing of weakness, and "as weak as water was a Biblical phrase that all the kids of my time were brottght up to believe in. I wonder, now, which is the strongest, water or electricity'? We could do without electricity, but a drought wiould end the kingdom of men in.a very short timie. The expansion of water gives us -steam The contraction of water gives us ice; the falling of water gives us power, heat and light, and-but you know the story ? The W.oman« said to the visiting minister., -- "Wull ye tak' a wee' drap o' water in your whuskyY' "Na, nta " qtto he, "I'lltak' it just as' God made it!"' SAt the.yiresenit moment W~innipeg ii' bringing to frittiion t wvate -power scheme whereby ~hey 'are'going to supply the. town with powver at the rate 'of about 5os.' per horse-powver per annum! I They have lots of 'sites for 'factories; aiid they'are goling to supply the factories 'with] oi~ver at' a rate which wvill ,attraet themrianufacturer. This poweri wvill bcj,developed from the Wiin speg River, some;77 miles north-east ~of . the city, where they have 'fallq 32 teet They have a big dam .there,;arid 'by me'zis of ao Pon 6f' ~cacre$ they inicrease that to 47 feet. Theire they are developing te power of ioo ooo horses, by -meanis of "weak" water, but this month they begin with aboutt 17'oo horse power. Yes, watet'i the secret of the pwer of the city of Winnlipeg, and water has a deal to do with it, always had The name of the town is from the Indian dialect of the Cree tribe, and means murky wated When you: coine fromi the blue, sparkling w aters of Lake WVinnipeg, or Lajce Superior, to the dark, muddy waters of the Assinoboline or 'the' Red ~River, or the Winnipieg River, you can see the me'tnng of the namhe. :The Red River and the Assinoboine, mighty rivers, both of them',; meet ini the city and join ~their coutrses to flow north to th e mighty Lake Winnipeg. While oni the subject of water, it is interesting to note that though the city stands .on a vast plain like our Rivertina the ivater is hard and heavily' charged with lime, that is the city water. It i not rivre water, for that is too muddy for domestic use, buit it is art sian water*, from 'a depth of say, -es a maxumum, 780 feet. Youi ca get a fairly good supply of water anywhere in the city at abouit 145 fe et, good enotigh for general industrial purposes, but for a good do nmestic supply, they need to bore from five to eight hundred feet. At present they are pumping abotit 15,ooo ooo gallons a day from nini wells, but as the town increases in size, they ll have to make new discoveries, or adopt newv methods. The real cause of the prosperity of the city of Winnipleg is the in-n on the land. ~The man with the hoe is the foundation of all national prosperity, and he comes crowditig along to this city at thtli rate of a thousand a day. One day this yeat four thotisand emniganits airrived in one day, and the city never turnied a hair There is room for them all here, and th are cpa in shiploads and being rapidly turned into Canadians. In tie eels they hax e an excellent xsytem of education, free a nn e 1-he 1. T anae problem it nmet lv traininz teachers ;n hibt the littie Germans ai Ilc- and others S,'n .1Pick 1 :.... 1 ll.e as i2'd citizens as the refit. Un lerneath all i. the 1 1 it \\ih t aractt te farmer, and the : il was Irepartnz fr ti V the Igh c ,tile Vic1cgical ages. xr Rivx ria i` thie .r<b et ' , iver i l-, tirm 1 1- ad's. and the winelehs conliti. in of \\\\'A at i due t, the fact that the silt was Atu itel there far from the xace of it- grin. aid hail dlipped all the atxes in the water that 1 re it. heIuiae it xlas , psite at 1Yal Oext` Acre we have Soo mile: in a <traitht line of an -1,1 lake Iot t.m The lake was on line tone, maybe carlinifer'its. maxhe earlier, ult the deposit of the lake xxas clay and lime, and nunt of different de cripti ns. and when the far-reaching fresh water lake sb ided, and left the Lake of the \\Vo s, ail Lake 'A innipeg. and Lake Superior, and a thousand other lakes, it left this mighty prairie to dry in the sun. to make a home for sturdy farmers, in the iith century. There are three great plateaux lefare viii comii to the lx' icky Mountains, relics of ancient fresh water lake - var ting in composition slightly, hut all of them fertile and ready i-r tie 1il~ui1I \\\\lien von watch the clay deposits taken out of 'elexx Iexc itint ili \\Vintiipeg, and see hoxm purely it is clay, you wit Icr l~\\\\ atythinx ci ll ever grow ius it., but the white streaks in it are ittie, an the frost and the wind, and the rain of ages have prepared the surface af it, and the bush fires have blackened it, and charred it, and arranged it all. so that the thou sands and millions of emigrants could come over in the big ships, to enrich it by their labours and manure it with their bones: -.Canada has a great future befoire it, and Winnipeg is here to share it, and assist it, and to glrv in it. Let inc put sotmie suggestive facts about Winnipeg into a closing paragraph. The city has 61 hotels and 115 churches, 33 public schools, 23 chartered banks, and 29 parks. The churches are very large, sonic of them, but in a little suburb of about 2,000 inhabitants, I counted six churches. Poor little human mites, supporting so many parsons and failing to differentiate between religion and Christianity. But they are wonderfully like ourselves, and they are working very hard, and being as good as they can. They are good people, and they and we are one, with one flag and one destiny, and hard work is a good religion, for as it said in the recently-discovered 'Sayings of Christ": "Raise the stone, and there shalt thou find me. Cleave the wood, and there am I." (To be continued).