THE EDUCATION OF CLOTHILDE - -? By SYDNEY PAJITRIGE and CECIL WARBEN. [Copyright.] " j CHAPTER XXXVI. ÍAve thou, it bose infamy is not thy fame! LMOI fear no heavier chastisement from me. Thou noteless blot on a remembered name! But be thyself, and know thyself to be! And ever at thy season h-. thou free To sjiill the venom when thy fauffs o'erflow; lteniorae and felf-eontempt eha.ll cling to thee, Hot shanie «hali burn upon thy secret brow, .And like a beaten bound tremble thou shalt Bi cow. -Shelley. "Wliero aro you going?" Clem de- manded. He faced Miss Hyde at thc big gate. His jealous eyes »vere taking ¿n tte general delicacy of her appearance. "Oh, only to Paddy's hut. I told jour motlier I would.get some mint for her-it grows wild there, she says." "It's too far. You're not nell, and you'll be tired out." "Why, Clem. I have beeil much fur- ther-to the Dudleys, and beyond. Be- sides, I want a walk." "Perhaps you have gone as far. but not when you've been looking like a ghost. Mother'd no right to ask you» 'fake old Bushy, and ride." "I'd rather walk, thank you. Clem." Clothilde gave a shadowy smile. Clement growled something, and they parted. It was two hours later when he stood «nco more at the home gate and looked anxiously down the track. He kept a watchful eye on his governess these days. There were no signs of her, however, and it would scon be tea time and then clark. She ought to have been home long ago. Twenty minutes earlier Hector had ridden across the flat and ¿own the Wingfield track. Fresh fcrebodincs filled Clem's mind. Some of the men, with tired dogs at their heels, were coming in from outlying part6 of the run, where they had been working, and among them Ted Herries. He nodded to Clem as they passed through the gate, but the bo? called to him and he drew asido. "Ted, she wont out to old Paddy's lint moro than two hours «go. and has- n't come back yet. I wouldn't thiuk so much about it only she told me she got lost once before. She don't _ look well either, and supposing she fainted away out there by herself? I hate thof» long lonely walks of hers," he ended moodily. Neither of them was aware that no name bad been mentioned. "And you would like nie just to run out and seo che hasn't got into mis- chief, eh?" asked Herries kindly. "Yes, I would. And, I say. Ted,'" as he wheeled Diomedi round, "Hector rode down in that direction not long «go. You mightn't happen to know, liut Hoc. is sometimes such a fair cad . to her that I could kill him joyfully." "Ah!" said Hornes. "I'll ¿a. Clem. Dou't you worry, old son." Meanwhile Clothilde had reached her destination. Old Paddy's hut was now represented by three walls, a chimney, and no roof, lt was many years since old Paddy had dwelt/ there as shepherd for.Mr. Hillman. He had had a half caste black for hut mate, who wçs given to drink and uncontrollable fits of pas- sion. Old Paddy c'isappeared one night, ?and the yellow boy said ho had run away. No one believed him, but no one could provo his statement false or, indeed, cared to take the trouble to trace poor ok!1 Paddy. His dog howled night Iv near a deep dam until it, too, disappeared. Suckers and saplings and grass filled the place which had been a garden, with here and there a domesticated plant gone wild-blackberries and roses, and a straggly wallflower, a clump of violets, and: sage, and some onions. She picked her way through the rank growth cautiously, because of possible ßnake,1'., finding the mint at last flonr ishino- profusely. She plucked a hand- ful, inhaling with delight the strange wild scent. Then she dug up some roots, and with them packed the little - basket she had taken fer Mis. Hillman, and /-sated herself on a log to rest and dream ever the ruined humpy with its «ivof long-past* life. The emptv walls and neglected o/arden fascinated and repulsed her. Tlie sun. looking like a ball of dull red fire behind the haze of a distant bush fire, was near the west- ern horizon, when at last she got up to go. But in spite of, the long rest she climbed. the hill at the base of which old Paddy's hut stood with a languor boru of a tir- ed mind and an ill-treated body. It was a pretty spot, thickly wooded, with a narrow stream trickling down parallel with the pathway, but below it. Near the top Hector, on Black Ant, met her and reined short up. "Hullo!'' he said, eyeing her basket. "You been to Dudley's?" - "Xo." she said, coldly, trying to pass, but he pulled his horse across her path. 'Don't believe it." lie said, in his polite way. "There's nowhere else this way to go for plants and things. Did- n't I>sav you weren't to go near that swine's?" Clothilde looked np helplessly. She was in no condition to fight him or any o"e just then. Oh surely she was in- offensive enough ! Why was he so loud, and angry, and rude? Had she under- stood that his attitude was that which a bully instinctively takes to one he knows he is alone and unprotected she might have felt afraid. "I got the plants at old Paddy's hut. Your mother asked me. Do let me pass, please. Mr. Hector." "Ah. 60 Biddy was tellin' me," he re- joined, with pleasant humour, making Black Ant ctnvert in front cf her, be- cause he saw it made her shrink. Now he came to think of it. he had never really had this girl so completely in his power before. Her very mild- ness raised tho devil in him. Simpóse he seised the chance to pay off.old fco res? Suppose lie to?k her down a pee? Sup- pose ho humbled her pride in the dust ? Nothing to really harm h-r, but just to ' i cive lier tlje thorough good lessou she deserved and to teach her that no one could afford to despise «and resist Mr. Hector Hillman. The more he thought of it the more he relished the idea. Surely providence-Mr. Hector had a superstitious faith in providence; he knew that the rain fell on the just and the unjust alike-had given her into his hands. He settled himself in the saddle, his whip handle planted akimbo on his hip. "Alone, oh?" he began. "Not even a rouseabout to dangle after you to- day? That's funny. 1 daresay Wally Garrett would have come with you if y'd on'y ast him." . All the time, whichever way Clothilde essayed to go, Black Ant was twisting and turning, sometimes with his heels horribly-close to her face. Her heart beat hard-she saw the look of set cruelty come on his face. Her eyes were frightened. Hector saw them and rejoiced. "Such nice, high kind 've taste y* have-station knockabouts aud broken down drunks and-" Clothilde looked him in the eye. Surely he could not mean He laughed insolently. "I mean tho tootor fella that was kicked out 've England and poisoned himself to get out 've marrying you." Even Clotliilde's lips went white. She would have had something of tho same kind of feeling, if she had been sudden- ly introduced to a vivisectionist's table. The biting anger that followed would have been thc same, too. For the second time during her acquaint- anceship with this man her thoughts rushed red-hot out of her lips. '.Liar-coward-¿Tog!" she said. "You have chosen your time well, but I will deserve it all. and much more, if I lower myself hv sleeping another night ii ii dc i- the same roof." She trembled with grief and passion. "Oh. my God, but there is still one who will revenge me." She walked rapidly forward, and, seeing Hector, stun" to fury now, pre- pare to wheel bis horse again before her. she began to run. without regard to her personal fafety. The next mo- ment she cannoned into the great, black horse, which, more merciful than his master, was trying to avoid her, and was thrown te the ground under what seemed a forest of horse's legB. By a miracle she escaped them, and found herself, minus hat and basket, and in a half-dazed condition, trying to rise, aided by Hector, who, truth to tell, was in a state of alarm over the too complete success of his brutality. Fill- ed with repulsion at thc loathed touch of his eupportiug arms, she dragged her right arin from his grasp with a sudden jerk, that caused her ejbow to strike him a painful blow in the face. Thinking it was done purposely, he gave vent to au oath, and let her go with an abruptness that nearly caused an- other fall. "Don't touch me." she said, drawiug sobbing breaths. "If I could kill you I would. You are loathsome to me." Hector's cheek "throbbed where it had been struck, as his egregious vanity smarted undjar her i uvincible contempt the contempt which he had felt from the very first. Hie stolidity of his na- ture, which had served him in lieu of self-control, collapsed utterly. "Speak to nie like that, would you ? I'll teach you. my girl." he «nd, through his teeth, while passion purpled his face I from Iris hair to his bull neck. He caught her round the waist "and drew her to him. "Not touch you. eh? By G-. I've put up with too ni itch from you all along-fool that I was-and now I'll .show you that that Yuille isn't the only ono that-" In the terror of that moment, when Clothilde knew that he meant to kiss her, she almost, fainted from living dis- gust. Then all the blood in her body rose in wild revolt. She struggled against him with a despairing) strength that astonished him, and' ecreamed. For one minute he found his own strength ineffectual against this slight s>vJTs The next instant Diomed galloped round a bend in the track, and pulled' up close beside them. Clotliilde's brain reeled. Released from one pair of arms, she was snatch- ed by another. ''My little girl-my lily-my lady'.'' She waa carried swiftly away and put down amongst long grass and flowering bushes, with solden balls on them. 'Stay here till I come for you." In the roadway- a cry of exultation went up. ' Ah, my God, I've got you now, you blackguard !" Herries faced Hector. Black Ant's ruin was thrown over a branch, but Diomed's trailed loose, and he coolly cropped the wayside grass. Both men threw aside coats and hats. Herries tossed back tho long lock on his fore- head as his eyes ran over the figure of his antagonist. Eath knew'it would be a struggle to the finish. Hector w^s no coward, and he was possessed ef un- usual muscular strength. There was a moment's pausa, in which each measur- ed the other's strength-neither could bo sure of his-opponent's powers, but Herries had come considerable know- ledge of boxing, «nd knew that no- thing but death could pi'iye-his-and her -enemy victory-over him, while Hec- tor depended on his superior weight and his preat strength to bring him out winner. "There liad been a gradual cool- ing off between the two for some time, and all the vindictive venom Hector felt fer Miss Hyde be would now pour out on her protector. Herries's epithet stung him. His black eyes glared. He was in that state which brings froth to a man's lips, while the other was filled with a deadly cold rage. Suddenly Hector made a mighty rush and hurled himself upon his antagonist. ' The force of the impact, unexpected a« it was, sent Herries backward off the i road on to a grassy patch, where they | j both came to the ground, and a fierce I struggle ensued. Herries, being under I neath, was tit a disadvantage, his science in such a position bein- of no i help whatever, and in 6pite of every j I effort to dislodge Hector he felt a j deadly grip close round his throat. Ho | choked, his veins tnrobbing to bursting j point. Was ho to strangle pitifully j like a mouse in a trap after that ejacu- ; lation "of fiery exultation ?-to leave j that girl to the mercy of a coward! With a furious effort he gripped Hec- tor's wrists and tore his fingers from his throat. Then, getting his knee up under him, he summoned every particle of strength to his aid and flung his ad- versary from him. It took him a min- ute to recover breath and clear his half dazed head, and that minute was suffi oient to enable Hector to regain his feet. But now Hector « JS exultant. An-1 other such rush and Horries would bo at his mercy. Ho had feit the superior- ity of his weight and strength, and thinking he had Herries unprepared af- ter the agony and exertion he nad just undergone ho made another terrine onslaught. But tho Englishman was not to oe caught twice by such tactics He saw the urgent necessity for avoid- ing close quarters, and, stepping aside, delivered a crashing blow on nis oppon- ent's face which sent him flying back- wards into a bush of flowering heath ; and as ho picked himself slowly up some of the triumph was gone from his eyes. Before he could make ap his mind what course to pursue next, Her- ries was upon him with a shower of heavy blows planted in quick succession on his body and face, bringing him once more to tho ground. Blasphem- ing horribly, he again rose, beside him- self with the rage which swallowed up any fear, and oxchangod some furious blows with the other. But the issue was no longer doubtful. Herries waa cool and deliberate, and wasted no strength-every blow he struck went home, while he parried Hector's vicious thrusts. The latter became reckless and confused, and could scarcely seo through his half-closed eyes, so that most of his blows spent their force in the air. He was getting "groggy" on his feet, and tiring fast. Herries watched his opportunity, and at last, as Hector made a savage lunge, he turned the blow aside with his left, and. before tho other could regain his equilibrium, with a powerful swing of his right, delivered him a crashing blow upon the jaw. The fight was over. Hector fell ex- hausted, completely vanquished, and half-unconscious, and as Herries looked on his mutilated features, he knew that Clothilde was avenged-if a thorough thrashing could avenge. He sprang down the side of the hill to the little stream in the gully and bathed his face and hands, shook out his coat and put it on. Richard was himself again. He took up a hatful of water and threw it over Hector's head and face, and poured some down his throat. When he got to his feet he helped him on with his coat and into the saddle on Black Ant, who fortun- ately had been ridden hard that day from early morning. But though Hec- tor could scarcely be said to see he was more at home in tho saddle than on the ground, and once he felt the leather ¡between his knees, regained some spirit. - - - . All through Herries's ministrations Hector had not uttered a syllable, but now that he found himself in the saddle he opened his disfigured lips. "May you be damned. Ted Herries," he said. "By H-ll, I'll pay you out if I swing for it !" "All right," he said. So they parted and never saw each other again. Herries went into the scrub.