[?] BY CHARLES WHITE AUTHOR OF 'AUSTRALIAN BUSIIRANGING.' 'OLD CONVICT DAYS,' &c lieinjc a true narrative of liia career— illustra- livo ot varied phasos of country litV O'J years ago —in which his experienced uh bith boy, gold Beckcr, cattle-stealiT, mid u member of thi notorious ganif of luisliran^orH led by lien Hall, which terrorised the c 'iiiitryside in the early sixties, are faithfully depicted. VANE. CHAPTER XVI. (Continued)— WE JOIN BEN HALL— AN ADVENTURE WITH SIR FREDERICK P0TT1NGER. One morning Den Hall asked me to ac company him to a place some miles dls (ant, where lie had left some shirts to he washed, and we rode there together, returning early in the afternoon. As we neared the camp on our return, wo noticed the fresh tracks of shod horses, and, concluding that the police were about, we followed the tracks quickly but quietly, and soon discovered that they were 'making in the direction of our night camp, which was about a mile distant from the one we used in the day. 'Steady, Vane,' said Ben Hall, In a whisper. 'We might drop on tho 'traps' at any minute, for it is evident that they know we're in this corner. Someone must have given them the 'office' ' 'Yes,' replied I, 'there's no mistaking those tracks. Shod horses, every ono of them ; and going at a pace that shows they know where they're making for. la it safe to go nearer the camp ?' Wo had pulled up at this time, and drawn off the track into the scrub, and noticing that Hall was looking to his revolvers to see that they were all ready for use, I did the same. Ben Hall wasn't long in replying. 'Safe ?' said he. 'By ? ! I believe we're right in the middle of them now, and the quicker we get back to the day camp the better. I hope to ? they don't catch sight of us before we join' the others.' 'With that we turned and made for the day camp, where we found two of our matos, tho third (Burke) being planted among Some large rocks a mile distant. They said Burke's horse had gone lame, and' he could not got a fresh one, as the police had surrounded the night camp, where the spare horses had been left. I was terribly put out on hearing this, aa the racehorse Jonathan Wild was among the spare horses, and I said I would have a hard try to get him if the others would accompany me. To this they agreed, and we started on our perilous undertaking. We approached the camp very cautious ly, Hall and O'Mealley taking one Bide and Gilbert and I the other ; but when we got near the horses Gilbert was for aban doning the attempt, saying that we had no chance of getting them. I was determined to have a try, never theless, and leaving the others watching, I quietly rode up to where Jonathan Wild was standing, and, having dismounted, proceeded to secure him, as though I had no suspicion of anyone else being near. ? I was in the act of putting a bridle on him when I hoard a voice calling on me to 'stand !' The voico was that of Sir Frederick Pottinger, who was in charge of the police iu that district, and as soon as lie heard it Gilbert fired, he having dis covered, while 1 was approaching the race horse, where Sir Frederick and his men ?were hiding, awaiting our return to camp. Immediately there was a fusllade from both sides, and leaving Jonathan Wild, I rushed towards the horse I had been rid ing, and was in the act of springing into tho saddle when Sir Frederick fired at me with his revolver, the bullet lodging in the calf of my right log. I fell but imme diately rose again, and grasping the stir rup managed to scramble into the saddle as the horse plunged forward. The firing still continued, but no further damage was done, and Gilbert and I were soon galloping side by side down a steep hill and Into a thick scrub, making round to where Burke had boon planted. As we iiearcd the spot we saw Burko had left his hldiug place, having obtained a fresh horse, and was riding in the direction ol the camp, evidently with tbo intention of taking part in tho tight, tho sound of (which ho must have heard. At the same time wo saw that one of the police, who had caught sight of him, was hiding in a deep creek which Burke would have to cross; and was waiting for him to come . up. But Burko must have had a sus picion of danger, and changedshla course, and tho policeman got up and followed him. Then O'Meally, who had como round from tho other direction, suddenly gal loped down and fired. The policeman emptied his revolver at Burke, but with out doing any damage, and just then Gil bort and I galloped up, with tho whole of tho police, headed by Sir Frederick, hot foot after us. - Getting together, however, we soon out dlstancod out pursuers, and, crossing a flat, we turned and kept thorn at bay with our rifles, which had a longer range than their rovolvcrs. O'Moally had secured one of tho horses on the other .-side of the camp, and Burke having changed the saddle to the fresh (horse, we all easjly got awity from the police, who then returned and with their two black-trackers set themselves to rifling our night camp, re . moving everything they could carry away, nnd not leaving even a blanket behind them. But they could not catch the loose horses, and that night we returned and shifted them, and then rode in towards tho township of Lambing Flat. CHAPTER XVII. — REPLENISHING STORES— EXTRACTING THE BUL LET—FINDING A HUMAN SKELETON IN THE SCRUB. The same uight O'Meally, Gilbert, and Burke, taking two spare horses with them as 'packs,' started for the township to got a new fit out. Hall staying behind with me to look after the horses. The three excursionists returned about 4 o'clock next morning fully equipped with abundance of blankets, clothing, groceries, gunpowder, and caps, and a now revolver, which they had taken from one of the stores in tho township. They had made a successful raid without molestation, as the police were still in the bush trying to pick up our tracks. Gilbert handed me the new re volver and also seven £1 notes, which he said was my share of tho previous nlght'6 spoils. So they must have taken at least £35 in cash in addition to the store/i, although I didn't ask for particu lars, feeling too sick with that bit of lead in my body. My wounded leg caused me a good deal of pain, and was greatly swollen, and aa I was unable to stand or move about they shifted me to a dense scrub near a place called the Bald Hills, and here I remained In hiding for about fourteen days. My hiding plaoe 'was about two miles from the camp proper, so that if the latter had chanoed to be discovered by the police I would not hamper my mates in their flight, and would myself be safe. O'Meally. who wag best acauainted with the scrub, visited me daily, bringing me ready-made tea. roast cat?, tinned fish and bread ; but all tho others kept cloae watch over my camp1. On the tenth day I was bathing my leg with some of the hot tea -which O'Meally had brought, when I noticed a small round black spot about un inoh below the wound. . Judging that it -was 'the pullet fcam Sir Frederick'* revolver. 1 juobefl lbs Imap with the P'wn blade at my pae&et lEoi£e, and. sure enough, xmfc came the bullet. It was slightly flattened through contact ^wtth the bone of my leg, but I clid not follow O'Meally's advice to keep it as a curiosity, as I thought 2 had kept it long enough. I was confined to my camp for five daya longer, and then decided that 2 m*e fit for work again. I have the mark of the bul let on my leg to-day. During tho few days preceding my de parture from this solitary camp I took regular but gentle exercise in the scrub, for tho purposo of gradually working oft the stiffness in my wounded *ieg. I can not say that my solitary rambles ?within the narrow circle surrounding my camp were very pleasurable, and my reflections were certainly not happy ones at the best of times. And these were made more than usually gloomy one afternoon by a grue some discovery I made, as I limped along, in a spot where the scrub was very dense. Quick to notice anything peculiar at all times, for wits are sharpeued in the atmo sphere of constant suspicion and fear, on this occasion I was attracted by something out of the common lying iu a small clear space right in the heart of the scrub. On walking towards it I was horrified and startled at seeing, grinning up at me from the ground, a human skull, bleached to ivory whiteness. The skinless face and empty eyo-sockets told of long exposure to sun and wind and rain ; as also did the perished clothing which had rotted away from the form it had once covered, exposing to sight tho perfect skeleton of a man. Marvellous to relate, arms, legs,, trunk, and head had been untouched by dingoes or other ani mals, which generally make their lairs in rough corners such as this was ; and as the poor wretch had died, so bo lay. The first shock over. I calmly and sor rowfully reflected, speculating as to who he was and how he had como There ; and I concluded that the remains wore those of some poor unfortunate who had lost hla way in the bush when walking from one goldficld to another, and had perished from thirst, lying calmly down to dio when hope had fled and strength had failed. Strange to say. there was no 'swag' near tho body, and I suppose the unfortunate man must have abandoned that during his wanderings in some other part of the bush. Before leaving, I carefully gathered tho bleached bones together and placed them in a largo hollow log, where, doubtless, they still remain, if they havn not gone to dust or been consumed in ono of tho bush fires that have since swept over that locality. CHAPTER XVIII.— MORE BRUSHES ; .WITH THE POLICE— NEARLY TRAPPED BY A DECOY. '?''?'' A few days after I had rejoined tho ? other members of the gang, O'Moally in- ' vlted me to take a ride with him to a store on tho Bland, kept by a map named McGregor, ana as I wanted, a change f readily .agreed, and tve started through the bush. We foad^ given up the ordinary roads to the police, who religiously kepi to them, aa they could not find their way through the rough country — a fact which gavo us a groat advautago over them. On tho way we saw a mob of horses on the flat, and O'Meally noticed among them a fine grey horse, ''which he said he had promised to catch for the owner, a friend of his, and who would be glad to have him ridden. We drove the horseB to Bunda bulla Station (which afterwards belonged t0 tho lato Mr. Oakes, of Bathurst), and, having caught the grey, I saddled him and mounted. Ho went very quietly with me, although before ho wa3 caught O'Meally said that he vr&s a demon to buck. The owner lived in the Weddln Mountains, and we decided to go there before visiting the Bland store. We had ridden about four miles through forest country — wo were on a cattle 'pad,' timbered in patches, with small plains be tween — when we noticed, about half a mile further on, a party of four horsemen com ing in our direction. After closely watch ing them for some time, I distinguished one of the horses as a grey belonging to Mr. Jones, of tho Three Brothers, in the Carcoar district, and I told O'Meally, who then said that the men were police, the rider of the Jones' horse being Inspector Roberts. One of tho party was a black tracker. We at once decided to make for the nearest scrub, and as we turned the police saw us, and gave chase. But just at this critical moment the grey horso I was rid ing justified tho character O'Meally had given him. Ho refused to start, and set to bucking instead of racing away, and O'Meally had to come back twice before I could get him going. By this time the police had come to within a hundred yards of us, and when they saw that we were . making for the scrub, through which a deep creek ran, called tho Red Creek, they tried to cut us off ; but we were too fleet for them, and got away, making for the mountains where the owner of the grey horse that I was riding lived. ''* And hero we had an adventure which ia worth describing at length. When we got near tho place (called Sandy Creek), O'Meally rode up to the fence of a culti vation paddock and knocked on one of the rails with a piece of wood, after which we TOde off some distance and waited and watched. Presently a man came out and walked in our direction, and when he got near ho made answering signals by also striking a log with a piece of stick, giv ing certain raps. O'Meally answered by similar raps on another log, and then the man joined us. After consulting for some time with us, he promised to bring mo a horse instead of the bucking grey, and also some 'tucker,' of which we were badly in need. During the conversation he told us some thing that caused me a good deal of sur prise. Said he : 'There's a bloke planted down the creek who says he wants to see you chaps. He says he knows Vane and Burke, and that the police are after him for stealing blankets at the Trunkey Dig gings, although you gave him the blankets. When he heard they were after him he walked to Cowra, 60 miles distant, and stole a saddle from a stable, and then lifted a horse from the police paddock to fit it. He says you know him by the name of J ? .' Well, I now stood looking at tyie farmer with eyes wide open in astonishment, and noticing that O'Meally was looking at mo with an amused and curious expression on his face, I said : 'Look here, Jack, I don't like this a bit. I don't feel inclined to trust J ? . Don't you remember what C ? told us after the visit to Trunkey that J ? had given us away to the police after inducing us to bring him tho blankets from the store ?' 'Yes,' replied O'Meally. 'I thought it was a ? dirty trick at the time. But he can't do us any harm, and may be of uso to us if the police are hunting him. Anyhow, it can do no harm to go and .see what he wants.' 'I don't know so much about that,' I rejoined. 'Sneak once, Bneak always, I say ; and having sold us once ho may sell us again if we trust him.' 'Oh, I said nothing about trusting him,' replied O'Meally, laughing. 'Let him try on any capers of that kind and see how I'll deal with him, that's all.' 'Very well. then, we'll go and see what he has got to say for himself,' said I. I told the farmer, however, that ho must not bring J ? to us, and O'Meally ar ranged with him to take him to Bald Hill Flat next day, and wo v/ould me^t him there. The farmer then left, but re turned in about an hour with tho fresh horse and provisions, giving the knock ing signals as he approached, and after tvo had had supper together he left. Next morning, heedless of the rain, which fell in torrents, we went over to the Bnljl Hill Flat, where the other members of our parly wefo camped, and at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon the farmer brpught up J* ? , and then returned home. J ? pitched ub a. yarn which appeared true on tqe face pt It. After wo had left ffrunkoy. he aaid, Stapletori saw the netf blankets in 'his hut, j^d gave Information to the ponce, who came 6ut after him / but he ran' ayay, ^uOett/ng (Q Oowr4 stole a horae. eaddl£ ihtf bridle. .the horuo bearing the police bjrfHrtyoMfrfo ^ ''**' '' ? '' *ni .ujiul¥f'.qiij|.. «e»r«i --.?;« i/v'if' ' ' M'iV.i )-???! GIIjBKRT. only thing he wanted, he said, now he wa3 with us. was a shooting stick. Our horses were secured about a hundred yards from the camp, and as I went with J ? to put his horse with them, he asked mo to give him one of my revolvers, and to show him that my confidence had been restored I made him a present of a small one. It wasn't much good, but he said it would answer until he got a better. Then ho surprised mo by saying confidentially, 'I am not going to stay with those chaps. I have seen your father, and he wished mo to find you and ask you to go with me to Twofold Bay, where we could take a boat and go to America, where we will be safe. We can go across country to tho - bay. and I will get my brother to secure a passugo for us on one of the steamers for 'Frisco.' I didn't say yes nor no to this proposal, not knowing quite what to make of it, and as he asked me not to say anything to my mates. I kept quiet until the next day. J ? had no blankets with him. and had to sleep with Burke and me. The rain poured down all night, saturating every thing, including our saddles and saddle cloths ; so as soon as it was light next morning we caught the horses and saddled them without the cloths, leaving the lat ter drying by tho fire, I buckling the girths of my saddle very loosely, waiting for my saddle to dry. We were gathered round the fire shortly after, having breakfast, when we were disturbed by the sound of. galloping, and Gilbert jumped up to look, calling out im- .. mediately that the police were coming across the Flat, headed by ltwo black trackers. There was quite a crowd of them, but I didn't stop to count them, although I was afterwards told there were twelve or four teen in tho party, and they were only about half a mile distant when we caught sight of them. We at once rushed for our horses, but when I placed my foot in the stirrup to mount, forgetting that I had not girthed up properly, tho saddle slipped round under the horse's belly. I at once pushed it up again and threw my self across it, but the horse started buck ing, and the saddle coming round again the horse broke away from me and bolted. By this time the police were quite near, and while the black trackers t*ok after the bolting horse one of the police whom I recognised as Sir Frederick Pottinger, rode quite close up to me. Ho was wear ing a poncho (a sort of round cloak with a hole in the centre for slipping over the head), and I could hear him swearing be cause ho could not get at his revolvers. He then tried to get his poncho off by throwing It back over his head but in doing so he knocked his hat off' and in the meantime I had run to a large tree where the rifles and carbines were stacked Seizing one of these, I called out to Sir Frederick : 'Go back, or I'll 8h°oUot ^JS and at the same time Gilbert galloped back I did nT t0 iU?P UP behind mwUh I did, and we then galloned nff n* ♦„« ? CTOBE OOXTLN'UED.) '' ~J