ALL FOR GOLD. A STORY OF THE WYALONG RUSH.     By Gordon Leigh.         CHAPTER V.       SPORT.     Unlike most mineral fields, Wyalong had the advantage of being placed in a fine agricultural and pastoral dist- rict, with Lake Cowal And the Bland Creek not more than 20 miles away, and where there was probably the best wild fowl, shooting to be found in the colony. Previous to the gold rush, this country was in the hands of the squat- ters, and, save for an occasional boundary rider, was as much unfree- quented by man as an undiscovered     land. Consequently, when the rush came, and this stretch of primitive bush land was overrun by thousands of prospectors, the native birds and animals, disturbed from their long re-     pose, at first appeared to be filled more with astonishment than fear at the ar- rival of man amongst them. lt was at first no uncommon sight to see a kangaroo or an emu wandering down the main street, in the early morning   and plenty of them were to be found amongst the hills close by, so that whilst it lasted, we had plenty of sport. But dogs, and boys, and guns, soon frightened the timid creatures away, and it then beacme necessary to look for sport at Lake Cowal, or the Bland Creek, at the risk of being fined for trespass, for thc owners and managers   of the stations were very jealous about their game preserves. But for-   funately for us, we didn't live in the days when lads could be transported for poaching, or I don't know what   would have come of us, for there is something engrafted in the Australian boy that laughs at boundaries, and   cannot grasp the idea that the wild   birds of the air are anyone's property except his who has the cunning to bring them down, so expeditions leav- ing Saturday night and having for their object duck shooting at Lake Cowal or Bland Creek, were of frequent occurrence. We used to start in the   evening, and drive all night, arriv- ing at the scene of operations at day- dawn next morning. It was rare fun tramping along the banks of Lake Cowal amongst the rushes in thc grey dawn of a summer's day, when black duck and teal, and water hen, and widgeon, were as plentiful as chickens in a poultry yard.   Eighty or a hundred head of game to each gun was nothing unusual for a morning's sport, and the wading, or swimming in to retrieve the game, was only an added joy to the outing. There were black swan also in great num- bers, and pelicans, and wild pigs on the far side of the lake, that we reserved for a special three days' trip at Christ mas. Mr. J. B. Donkin, the owner of Lake Cowal station, and Mr. Carter, manager for the late Henry Ricket- son, at the Billabong, little knew the extent of these early morning raids on their precious preserves. Sunday is a more drowsy day than most days on a station, and late breakfast is the rule, and long before the horses had been got in and the station boss had started out to inspect the run, we would be quietly trotting back to Wyalong with the trap full of game, and having had the cream of the day's sport. Some- times we were caught, and blue paper headed "Victoria by the Grace of God" was the result, but we mostly escaped, but the prospect of a fine and a wig- ing from the police magistrate seemed only to lend an extra excitement to our sporting expeditions. I remember one occasion though when Mr. Carter "caught us properly." We were bowling along the private track from the Billabong to Mallee Plais, when we suddenly came upon a locked gate that had been open when we passed through on the previous evening.     Bushmen talk very glibly about cut- ing wire fences, and pulling up gate posts so as to get through when a locked gate is come to, but I never saw this really done. Anyway the fence and the gate we came upon were far too substantial for anything of this kind. Besides, though ready for a lark, and prepared to take the conse- quences of it, we were not inclined to commit such a serious breach of the law as breaking through the fence would have been, so there was nothing for it but to drive back again to the Billabong, where we found Mr. Car- ter waiting for us with a book in which to take down our names, and a fort- night later, we were all of us obliged to appear at the Marsden Police Court before Mr. Clarke, the police magistrate, when we were   each fined £2, and £2 8s. costs, which went to a solicitor we had seen shooting at the lake on the very same morning that we were there, but we didn't "let on" about him for he was only doing his duty, and we were quite prepared to pay for our misdeeds when we were bowled out, though it made a hole in our savings. But Mr. Carter bore us no more grudge over the mat- ter than we did him, and when the fines were paid, some of us went home by way of the station, with Mr. Car- ter's permission, as the road was better than the main road which the rain had made almost impassable. When we went up to the homestead to ask leave to go home by the private track, Mr. Carter showed us in the door of his dining room a curiosity which he pre- served. This was nothing else than a bullet from Ben Hall's revolver,   ied in the panels of the door. Ben Hall, the notorious Australian bush- ranger, some years before had his camp at the Weddin Mountains, not far from the Billabong; that we could see from the verandah, rendered blue by distance, and the clear Australian air. One day Ben Hall "stuck up" the homestead, and announced his ar- rival by firing through the window in- to the door leading into a room be- yond. This was before Mr. Carter's time, but the then manager of the sta- tion and his family were at tea when the bushranger appeared. He only wanted "tucker," which of course was given him, and when he had loaded up his pack horse with what he wanted, Ben Hall rode off without doing any harm to anyone, like a wild, beast to it's solitary lair in the Weddin Moun- ains. Another curiosity at the Billabong was the mark of a canoe, cut out of the bark of an ancient gum tree growing on the banks of the Bland Creek. This canoe had probably been cut out of the bark of the tree years before the land- ing of white men in Australia, for the tree was a very old one, and no one remembered any tribes of blacks in this district. But these glorious days of sport did not last long, as in the year follow- ing the gold discovery at Wyalong there began one of the most disastrous droughts ever known in this district. The long grass that had grown during the good seasons, dried to a tinder, that a spark would light into a con- flagration. Bush fires raged through the country, and the horizon, as seen round Wyalong, was red with the glare of them. Crops and fences were swept away, and the very homesteads them- selves were with difficulty saved from the fire, for three years the drought continued. Lake Cowal dried up and then the Bland Creek, and the sheep (dying in thousands) were dependent for water upon some of the station tanks which still held out. A very curious thing happened at the drying up of Lake Cowal. As this great sheet of shallow water, some 20 miles long and five broad, began to evaporate, thousands of splendid Murra y cod und   perch were left in the mud. Many of these were brought by cartload into Wyalong, and sold for sixpence each, the fish being easily captured by the simple process of picking them out of the wet mud and throwing them into the cart. But the numbers that could be dealt with in this way were few   in comparison with the tons of fish that were soon left high, and dry, and which, but for the wonderful workings of nature, might have bred a pestil- ence. But nature generally comes to the rescue in such cases, and this is what she did at Lake Cowal. It was quite a rarity to see pelicans there in ordinary seasons and the nearest peli- cans that were known to exist in any numbers, were at Lake Macquarie,   about 6OO miles distant. But, no soon- er did the waters of Lake-Cowal begin to dry up, than hundreds of pelicans arrived from all quarters, until they resembled, at a distance, flocks of   sheep as they wandered over thc miles of dried up mud, eating the great fish that lay there, dying in thousands by reason of the loss of their natural   element. When the fish were all eaten the pelicans disappeared, but how they came to know of this fish supper waiting for them, must, for ever remain a mystery to us who are only acquainte- d with the five senses of human be- ings.               The drought brought many changes to Wyalong and ruined many. A fine   example of the back-block manager   was Mr. Macintosh, of Back Creek station (known to his familiars as "Black Mac," by reason of his dark complexion and black hair and beard, fast turning grey. There was splendid shooting at Back Creek, and some of us were often Mr. Macintosh's uninvited guests, for the joy of those early morn- ing excursions was too strong to be re- sisted, and I have no doubt but you'd have found it the same if you'd been at Wyalong then.     Wyalong and West Wyalong were now both becoming quite civilised, and society and fashion began to play a part amongst a certain class, in imita- tion of the great folks in England, where doings are chronicled in the   "Court Journal." The young bank   clerks and Government officials, and some of the shop assistants, with their sisters and their cousins, and their aunts, became quite exclusive. We     called them the "Silver Tails," and they used to give dances at which     only themselves were admitted. But this didn't last long, for we soon     laughed them out of the society busi- ness, and they became rational beings once more. This sort of thing may be all very well amongst a leisured class who have nothing to do but muse themselves, but in workaday Aus- tralia, such social pretensions are quite out of place anywhere, especially in an up country town.   Meanwhile the mines continued to work and prosper. The True Blue was formed into a company, with Edward Ernest Tyler as managing director. The original shareholders all received large sums for their shares and left the field, with the exception of James Cusack, who afterwards purchased the stock of E.J. Pike at a bankrupt sale,   and who still carries on the business of a storekeeper at Wyalong. H.   Christie, the manager of Wyalong No. 2 Station, who went to the Boer War, was an original shareholder in the True Blue. When he went to Africa his in- terest in the mine was worth little.   When he returned, a captain and a D.S.O., he got nearly six thousand pounds for his share. He bought land up north, and is there now I believe. And now the people of Wyalong be- came inspired with an idea for its pro gress, which (if those who were trying their best to benefit the public had met with proper support), would have     been the making of the Government town. After many years of useful and gratuitous work in thc public interests, which is generally a very thankless task, certain members of the Wyalong Pro- gress Committee took the necessary steps to obtain Municipal benefits for Wyalong, and on December 22, 1___ Wyalong was proclaimed a Municipal District. Tho original promoters of   this scheme desired to have a small municipality embracing in its boun- daries merely the Government survey- ed town, but the mine owners who re- sided at Wyalong pointed out that if this plan was followed, the mines would probably go to West Wyalong, and be rated there by a West Wyalong municipality instead of at Wyalong, the Government town. Unfortunately for Wyalong, the Progress committee al- lowed themselves to be influenced by these representations, and the petitions for a municipality took in a much larg- er area than was originally intended, and at the request of the mine owners, it included the mines, which subse- quently led to the same trouble as to rating as occurred at Broken Hill, but with far more disastrous results, so far as the Government town was concern- ed, for it was the cause of almost wip- ing it out of existence. The first election of aldermen took place on March 3, 1900, when Moses Moriarty, McDonnell Hodge, Duncan Tyler, E. A. Neeld, Davis James, and Pike were returned. There was no party or other question before the rate- payers then, and the only desire that was supposed to animate the minds of the newly elected aldermen, was the advancement of the town and the pro- gress of Wyalong, but how far this was from the actual truth will presently appear.