{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red213\green213\blue213;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth20868\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt160 \clpadl160 \clpadb160 \clpadr160 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CHAPTER IT.\
'Souls ' are dangerous thing - ;to carry Straight - Through all the spilt saltpetre. . of the world.' ? . -\
Human destiny is a gossamer, ball, the toy of even-, vagrant wind that blows, the plaything -jf hurricanes, typhoons, bliz zards, and cyclones, as also of tbe gentlest zephyrs that are wafted from unknown Hesperides.- . ? - : ' Claire Gninder's brief honeymoon, of. but seven da^rs, .was an epitome of human degradation that only the especially inno cent and pure-souled can experience when humiliated to the dust. She returned to her home crashed in spirit, and feeling debased beyond expression. She. realised that her soul -was dead, and she lived and moved, as Caleb Grtinder's wife, * mere automaton. ' Her buoyant girlish heart became numbed, her blood grew cocld, and her spirit embittered to such an extent that she never smiled, even when alone with her brothers and young sisters- Her face seemed ? frozen into a solid mask of hard unspoken E'et, a pregnant pain which was impossible for words. She settled down to the routine of. domestic life with stoical calm, and Caleb Grunder had nothing to complain of in her conduct as the mistress of his household. Claire took up her duties as one to the manner born, and her social position as the lead ing lady of Hillswell was settled on a firm nedestal. Caleb Grander handed back to ftenry Romsey all the mortgages that he held on the Romcey farm, and, true to his word, eetled \'a35.(MK) on Claire on tlie day that 6he became his wife. From that day on he treated all the Romsey youngsters with unfailing kindness, and was always ftnxiou3 to have them at his house in Hillswell. It had not taken him long to discover that his wife was not happy, and ?therefore he was always anxious for her to have company around her. He en couraged her to visit her neighbours, and urged Vier lo invite her father, brothers, and sitters to Hillswell upon every occa sion on which they visited the township. But he had one dislike, a dislike he con cealed from Oairc jealously. -He bated\
tiie Smi&field cattle dog Rover that was her constant, and daily companion. He had. discovered, very ? shortly after hie marriage, that his wife had a deep affec tion for her canine friend, and be felt a jealous hatred of the dog, and a great envy \'b0f the love that was lavished upon him by ' his mistress. Claire and her dog weae inseparable, and the Smithfield accompanied her everywhere, even to church. Caleb Grunder had expressed satisfaction at Claire's desire' to continue as organist at Hillswell. He was proud of bis wife's accomplishments as a musi cian, aud he wished all Hillswell and the neisivbemrine districts to knot? that lire. Caleb Grunder was the leadhifr musician, as well as the leading lady, of Hillswell. Therefore Rover became a Tegular atten dant at the church, and waited outside the church door every Sunday to guaiti Iiis mistress and acccompany her home after service. For three months Claire went through her married life resigned to the fate that Uad made a martyrdom of her existence, then with a volcanic suddenness a greater a;id more poignant grief was forcccd upon her. One Sunday afternoon a strangei sauntered into the church at Hillswel1. He was tall and tanned, a man of the bush, yet not of it. TTia handsome face showed a classic refinement, his clean slender broivn hands were the hands of a gentleman, his ereel bearing, and the so_l dierly manner in which he carried his head spoke of a life of adventure and cul ture. His clothes were of the -bush, thp soft shirt and moleskin riding breeches, the gaiters and elastic side boots, the felt smasher hat, all spoke eloquently of a ccountry life. But his neecktie was sub- dued in tone and carefully knotted, a gold ccarfpin held it firmly in place under hie silk collar, and a snow white hadnkerchief snowed in his outside coat Docket. Hillswell. studied him well, with the usual, vulgar curiosity of township man ners, and, all there assembled agreed thai he was no common station band. Ho apparently knew the church service by heart, since he was ready with the re sponses, although he had no prayerbook, and the loan from a neighbour of a hymn-. book proved that he had a pleasant and melodious baritone .vdieee. He endured the scrutiny to which he was subjected with an-indiSerencec that raised him higlr in the opinions of the congregation, and\
he contributed as liberally as any one to the collection plate. When the service was over he marched out of church, and singling out the Smith field cattle dog walked up to him, and patting his head remarked pleasantly\'97 . 'Well, Roughie, old chap, so you stuck here? I -always thought you had lagged behind somewhere hereabouts, but I've never had a chance to look for -you until now. Somebodv has evidently treated you well here,- and . I must thank that somebody and : square up 'for your keep. Now who is.it? Great 'Scott!' The exclamation was one of genuine surprise, for he \'a7aw the dog rush up '.to Claire Grunder. and jump joyously ud in wekome. . Claire patted the cattle dog affectionately, then, glancing- up, saw the dark eyes of the stranger bent upon her with an expression that she had never be-' fore seen in the eyes of man. It was ad miration most surely, but there was a nobilitv in the look that made offence im possible: With wide opened eyes Claire looked into those great depths, looked for one incalculable, eternal . moment, then blushed crimson \'97 furiously, unreasonably crimsoa. and cast down her eye*. Her heart almost ceased to beat, and an icy cchillness came oj-er her. She fonjfht witL a faintness that *ue had even been a stranger to, -and rec&ffnised with a feeling of delirious languor 'that the stranger was addressing her. -All her past died, then and then, for a few blissful minutes, and she lived in a new world, a world of joy and glorious gladness. The bund God of Love had pierced her heart at last, and had followed that wicked shot with a se cond one which buried itself in the heart of the man addressing lier. 'Pardon me. but as my dog seems to know you I presume you have cared for him since I lost him somewhere about here last year. Did you find him?' It was well for Caleb Gninder that he ?had decided not to attend church on that particular Sunday, for he might have had greater cause for jealousy than be Had ever had before. Claire was accompanied by her young: sisters, and they poured out the story* of how Claire had found the SiniihSeld, with great pride in their rela. tion, and knowledse of the great dis covery. Their l-abbling gave the tvro 1 older people breathing space to recover j something of calmness and equanimity. 1 and presently they all walked along] homewards discussint; the dog and every thing connected with, it Milih great inle- j rest.\
'I suppose you will take him away with you?', at length eaid Claire, with a eospi ccious 'catch in her voice. 'He gave promise of becoming a. capital working doe;, &nd as euch would be in valuable to a cattle man. Would yon be deeply -distressed' if you lost him?' asked the stranger. 'He is my dearest friend, my daily com panion! I have no other animal that I treasure 60 much,' murmured Claire, with tears in her eyes. 'A'h! Then it would be cruel of me to take Jiim from yon. Ffl turn him over to you altogether if you like, but if he should grow troublesome and become a burden to you eend him back to me. My name_ is -Pavneham \'97 Alured Payneham \'97 of Norwood Station, via Ounamulla, Queensland. .He tore a leaf from his poc ketbook, quickly wrote his name and ad dress upon it, and handed it to Claire say ing \'97 'There! If at any time you don't want him drop me a line and 111 send one of my drovers over for him.-' Once more Claire met that passionately admiring .glance, and yet again they gazed scelibound at each pjther. 'Alured Payneham!' exclaimed Vera Romsey. 'Why. you have 'got a name like one of the knights in Sir Walter Scott's -novels. My name is Vera Rom sey, this -is my sister, Jean Romsey. and my big sister's name is Mrs. Claire Grun der, of HTnWell House;' this very proud ly. . -...--? 'What?' gasped the man, staring hor ror struck at Claire, who became ghastly pale. ' 'It is true!' she said, looking pitifully un at him. 'My husband is Caleb* Grunder, a storekeeper here.' 'Old Caleb Grunder! My God!' mut tered the man in a whisper, heard only by Claire. V For a moment the silence was painful, then the man epokc again. 'I start for Queensland to-night. Treat my dog well, lira. Gronder, in memory of what might have been!' As he walked away with bent head the dog trotted anxiously after him. He turned and waved it back, and ^fraw Claire's white strained face oazing after him. The dos; hesitated but .a second;, then raced back to Claire, who returned to Hillswell House like a woman in. a trance.\
That same afternoon she drove her sisters home to Romsey, and returning that it was so?' . She bowed her head and shivered as she replied 'Yes.' 'And you \'97 you loved me, too?'' he ask ed, riding up to her whip hand and laying an enquiring clasp on her arm. Yet a^ain she looked close into his eyes, as if in a dream, and answered \'97 'Yes.' . 'And that demon Fate has robbed us! Robbed ns of heaven. Robbed us of life and eoul! Oh! - my goddess, think of me sometimes\'97 sometimes. Your sweet, star tled, darling face .will be with me for ever, waking or sleeping\'97 in life and in death \'97 This torture -is too awful! Goodby! Good by!' . He leaned over and drew her to him, and there, clasped in his arms for a delirious aeon of time Claire lay and learn ed what love is. Then, as he dashed wildly into the darkening night, she drove slowly home, to begin another life of awful, si lent misery. Such a desperate Eadness as only disappointed souls ever know. ? w ? There are few, if any, of the residents of the Hillswell and Romsey districts who will ever forget the Christmas Day that followed the marriage of Caleb Grunder and Claire Rpmsey. The summer had been an exceptionally hot and dry one, and .as Christmas approached the weather grew more oppressive than ever. The Go vernment tanks on the stock routes had long been dry, the rivers became mere spasmodic watcrholes, and in Hillswell 90 per cent, of the tanks were empty. ' Caleb Grunder had invited some 200 guests to have thrir Christmas dinner at Hillsvvell House, and he made great pre parations for the event. His anxiety for his wife's health prompted him to use every effort to lift her out of the lethargy which seemed to grow heavier upon her day by day. Not a soul in Hillswell could ascribe any reason for the decline in the health and spirits of Mrs. Caleb Grunder, and even the two district medicos could vaguely hazard an opinion. One of them wisely recomm-jiided change of air, but as 'Claire resolutely refused to leave her home nothing could be done in that respect to carry out the medical suggestion. Claire kept her secret locked in the depths of her soul, and only an occasional moan or whisper .into the ear of her faithful dog betrayed her agony and disappointment. She waited with a desperate hopelessness 1 for & visitor from Queensland, who muht\
perchance ride out of his accustomed road in. order to ' ask after the health, of a cattle dog; and . as the ?months sped fey ehe died by inches both physically and mentally, about 7 in the evening met a solitary horseman riding across her track towards the road that led to the Queensland bor der. _ The recognition was mutual, anil t3iey both pulled np. . 'I want to thank you for leaving the dog with me,' eaid Claire (hesitatingly. 'If ever you ride through this way coma to Hillswell and see him, will you?' 'Why? Why?' asked the man fiercely. 'Is it not Euflicient for me to suffer without seeing you, but I must suffer witti seeing you \'97 another man's wife? You know \'97 don't you know that from the moment that *I saw you I loved you as a man loves but once in a lifetime? Tell me \'97 tell me\'97 did you not know, nay, feel She t\'abok no interest in the festive prepa rations for Christmas Day; the threatened drought had no terrors for her. All that ehe cared for was her dog Roughie. She had changed his name from Jlover to Roughie one Sunday many months ago. When Christmas Day broke with the thermometer at a hundred and twenty by 9 o* clock in the morning, many of the o!d settlers lookea . grave. A' dense co lnmn of smoke in the eoiith-yest/ about 12 o'clock, quickened they- alarm, 'and as the guests began to assemble at Hillswell House,- towards 1 o'clock, they noticed with alarm that bushfires were raging on three sides of Hillswell. The township was surrounded oh every ade'by dense mulga scrub and heavy timber, and for this reason many of the guests assembled at Caleb Grunder's would have- started firefighting parties but for the fact that the barometer was falling fast, and there was every promise of a thunderstorm, within a very short time. Heavy masses of cloud 'gathered in the north, and lurid flashes of forked ? lightning battled with the angry red-rimmed _SBKike' clouds that swirled and twisted above 'the timber. Caleb Grunder tep-t on tapping the barometer every few minutes, and saying; 'She's- coming fast; well have -a heavy thunderstorm in 15 minutes now.'' With this assurance, his alarmed puesta sat down to dinner. Within 15 minutes tbe etorm burst\'97 burst Tfcith a sudden and awful fury; but there was' no rain!. Wind, . roaring and howling, travelled over the township at a. cyclonic Nrate, and ere the astonished population of Hillswell 'could '' realise- it,- the bush fires- burst into ' rag ing seas of flame, and raced down upon the doomed township. When, too late, the residents attempted to fight the flames, a mad panic possessed them, and they ran hither and thither to save their lives. ?'.;- ; Claire wa^ startled into actual life at Ihe sight of tbe burning tonnship, and ber thoughts fietr. to her father's farm, and her brothers aud sisters. Without a, word to any one, she crept to the stable, followed by Roughie, saddled her hack, and galloped out of the- yard on to a back: track:, and rode blindly In the direc tion of Romsev. She had raced along for some 20 minutes when ^Be' found 'herself at tbe spot, where she hid parted from Alured Paynehami' Tfee^grass on both sides' of tlie track wasyfcuralng fiercely, and she could- neitheigin^atlie nor see through the heavy Emoke&ttrrbunding her. She urged her startled*|jsSt along, but - before it had gone a Knt^qift yards a wall of fire rose before? -^JiiSn.' 'The horsa plunged violently, wl|rogj! round, and threw its rider, and,- nulil^rith fear, gal loped back along the tiSatiinz track. And Claire Grunder lay in aySfijSill clearing on the track, with her d&KJHJjlarking loudly over her body. SuddewKgra long coo-eo sounded. Roughie ptacTjeSSBp his ears, located the sound, tlien^rort 'off ? 'headlong through the burning sc*|ffr?&jl^iv'e minutes later, ^a man with bTaSjajTei\} face and blistered . .body, his sbttff^Sand breeches hanging .in burst rags''ajtbut him, dashed through Uie'.scrubi~'oh-\'ab:4iuge roan back,, in 'the wake of a-.do^^^whosc hair yras ' literally- on -fire. The dog stopped over tbe prostrate form of Claire, and the man. sprang off the snorting roan, raised her in his arms, placed her across the pommel vl his saddle, vaulted on to the horse, ' turned -right about, and dashed through the smoke to his right, followed by the now whimpering dog. In a few minutes more they had reached, a- water-hole -in a creek containins some three- fcr-foifrffeet of foetid water. Into - this- horse,: -dog, ' and man plunged, -Hie latter holdine Claire Grunder clasped in his arms. Thejevfe-. mained there the whole night. About four in the morning the rain came ih4 \'bb tropical downpour, and an hour later^th'e creek was running and 'the bush firea - conquered. When Claire Grunder - vregained con sciousness, she. looked up into the 'black- ened face of the man -who held her close in his arms, and faintly whispered, 'I - knew you would come.' I-ater on she put \'ab? her cool lips to every one of the huge blisters oa his bare arms and 'breast, 'and with each caress she whispered \'97 ' 'My heart told me yon' would come to save me!' And on the bank of the creek a charred and hairless cattle dog licked, his ghastly burns with a large red tongue, and yapped at the two human beings pn ' the big red roan, who yelled affectionate remarks to him through the blinding rain. It was a Christmas Day, . exactly 12 months after the above episode, that Alured Payneham and Claire Grunder met at the same old cross roads once again. He was again riding the' big roan hack. 'She was still bodyguarded by a very; shaggy-haired cattle dog. . ' He clasped her in his arms, and after many moments of ecstatic bliss he eagerijr questioned^ \'97 'So the period of mourning is over?' 'I left it off last night,' she answered, nestling in his arms. 'You know, I never loved him, dearest, and though he really bought me, he must have loved : me, for he left me all he possessed. When hia burnt body was found in the ruins of Hillswell House his fleshless fingers were clutching -the silver frame that held mjr photograph.' 'Poor old chap! He was a rugged sort, but old Caleb evidently had a heart some where. Peace to him!' 'We must always think -well of him, dear,' said the woman. 'You are my heart's desire, and always have been since the first day that I saw you. Caleb onlj had me for a v-ery little -while ? ' 'And I shall have you for life. Now all our sorrows shall be at rest. Even. Caleb is at peace now.' ''Don't mention sorrow, dearest. I wish! to forget the name of it,' murmured the woman, clinginc to him. 'We have all to' be laid upon an altar sometimes \'97 but we two have done pen anoe. I have tlie licence in my pocket. Let ua away to church. Come_ along, Roughie.'' ? - ?''' .THE END.\cell \lastrow\row
}