.... (ALLWRIGHTS RESERVED.) Iii Ko Man's Land. 'AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY A. B. PATERSON ("BANJO") (Author of "The Man From Snowy River.") I. . CHAPTER IX. f Tlie Doyhs and til« donohoes. At breakfast next morning there was no. sign o the overnight trouble, and no one made any refer ence to it. Poss and Binjie-who had said good bye all round the. night before, on the plea tha they had to make a daylight start for home, turnee up at breakfast smiling,, and explaining that the? had decided to stop and help Hugh muster th« river paddocks-a two days' job. They departed cn this errand as soon as break fast was o^ver.' It was holmay time for the chil uren, so for that day and for some aay¿ thereattei there were no lessons. The new governess wen about with the children a good deal; to study then habits' aud peculiarities. ^ .Tbey had no ''bringin§ ' up," as English people understand the term, 'rhej practically ran wild all over the run, spending whole idays in long tramps to remote parts in pur suit of game. '.. They had no "play," as that tem is known to English children. They didn'* plas at being hunters. They, were hunters in rea: earnest, and their habits and customs had come to resemble very closely the habits and customs of the savage tribes who live by the chase. With them she had numberless new experiences. She got accustomed to seeing the boys climb big trees by cutting little niches or "steps" in the bark with a tomahawk, going right away out ón to the most giddy heights after birds' nests, or to drag the opossum from his sleeping place in a hollow limb. She learnt to hold a gasping and frenzied fox terrier at the mouth of a log, ready to pounce ob the kangaroo rat which had taken refuge there, and which flashed out as if shot from a catapult on being poked'from the other -end with a long stick. She learnt to mark the hiding place'of the young wild ducks that scuttled and dived and hid themselves with such supernatural cunning, in the reedy pools. She saw the native . companions, those great solemn grey birds, go through their fantastic and intricate dances, forming squares, pirouetting, ad vancing, and retreating with the solemnity of pro fessional dancing masters. She lay on the river bank with the gang, gun in hand, breathless with excitement, waiting for the rising of the duck billed platypus, that quaint combination of fish, flesh, and fowl, as he dived in the quiet waters of the river bank, a train of small bubbles mark ing his track. She fished in the deep pools foi the great, sleepy, 1001b codfish that sucked down the bait, hook and all, holus bolus, and then were hauled in with hardly any resistance, and lived for days, contentedly, tethered to' the bank by a line through their: gills. In these 'amusements time passed pleasantly enough, and hy the time school work; was re sumed; the; "new governess" had- become quite one of . the family. Of Hugh Gordon she at first saw little. His work took him out on to the rv, ¿ all day long, looking after the sheep in the pad docks, or perhaps toiling day after day in .the great dusty drafting yards. .In^iie cool of the afternoon the two girls would often go out for a ride, and would canter over the four miles or sc of timbered country to the yards; and wait, lill Hugh had finished his day's work. As a rule Poss or Binjie, or perhaps both, were in attend ance to escort Mary Gordon, with, th Hugh and Miss Harriott found themselves paired off to ride home together; : before long he found himself looking ; forward to these rides with more anxiety than he cared to acknowledge, and in a very short time he was head over ears in jo ve with ber. " Any sort, of man, being much alone with any : sort of woman in a" country, house, will fall in love with her; .but. a man. such as Hugh Gordon, ardent, imaginative, . abd' very young, meetimg every day a woman as-beautif ur as Ellen Harriott, was bound to fall a victim. Hugh' soon became her absolute worshipper. All day; long, in the lonely . rides through the bush, In the hot and dusty hours at the sheep yards, and the pleasant, lazy canter home in the cool of. the. evening, his fancies] were, full of .her-her beauty and her charms. It was happiness enough for him to be near her, to fell the soft touch of her hand, to catch the faint scent that seemed to linger in her hair. JAnd he was so absolutely happy. It was an ideal love-making. After the day's work they would stroll together about the wonderful old garden! and watch the sunlight die away on the western hills, and the long strings of wild fowl hurrying down the river to their nightly haunts. Sometimes he would manage to get home for lunch, and afterwards, when the children's lessons were done, they would saddle a horse for her, and off she and Hugh would go for a long ride through the mountains, leaving Mary at home to enter tain Poss and Binjie. Hugh never lacked an ex cuse for these excursions. There were always sheep to inspect, boundary riders to interview, and fences.-to.look at, and off they would go, swinging along through the fragrant long grass, with the old white-capped mountain towering above them, and looking down like a friendly spirit. For Hugh these rides were glimpses of paradise. He had for, a long time been trying to scrape enough money together to buy a small station of some 10,000 acres further down the river-a blt of splendid land, mostly rich river flat, with a little white walled homestead nestling In among won derful fruit trees. -Here he pictured life with her-the days of cheery exertion and the evenings : .of content with this beautiful woman by his side. Such were his dreams. The girl was less con ' sclous of her own feelings-she loved to be near him and to counsel him, but she hardly realised whether she was in love or not. There was no thing by which to try the strength of her feel ings-no rival, no jealousy, no absence. The course of affairs seemed to run too smoothly for true love, and yet-when he did not come home at night she found herself vaguely unhappy, and when he was late she found her eyes constantly straying down the road to watch for his horse. It only wanted a crisis, a trial of some sort, to let her know what her feelings really were.. For the present she was quite contented to act as his confidante and his adviser, and many a long talk they had together over the various troubles that beset tpe njanager 9Î.ê.9t&U9R: lp would hardly be supposed that a girl could give much advice on, such matters, and at first her absolute ignor ance of the various difficulties" amused him; but when she came to understand things better her cool common sense compelled his- admiration. His temperament was nervous and excitable, and he let things worry him. She took everything in a cheery spirit, and laughed him out of his trou bles. One would not expect to find many troubles In the rearing of sheep and selling their wool; but the management of any big station ls a heavy task, and the management of Kuryong would drive a Job to frenzy. The sheep themselves, to begin with, seem al ways in league against their owner. The merino sheep, though apparently estimable animals, are, in reality, dangerous monomaniacs, whose eola desire is to ruin the man that owns them. Their object is to die, and to die with as much trouble to their owners as they can possibly manage. They die. in the droughts when the grairs, roasted to a dull white by the sun, comes out by the . roots, and blows about the bar© paddocks; they die in the wet, when the long' grass in the sodden - gullies breeds "fluke" and "bottle" and all sorts , of hideous complaints. They get burnt In bush fires by sheer malice, .refusing to run in any given direction, but charging round ard round . in a ring till they get burnt up, They get drowned in the floods by refusing to leave flooded country, though hunted and dogged L and chivied with frenzied "earnestness. Then there were the neighbors. To understand Hugh Gordon's position, it munt be explained that the only neighbors, within 15 miles of Kuryorg head station were a clan of Irish Doyles and Donohoes, bona fide settlers, who lived among the mountains, whose name was legion, whore selec tions were little patches of a couple of hundred acres of rich land hidden away among! the; rough gorges, and who lived by simple plunder-find-, lng horses that nobody had lost, shearing sheep that they did not own, and branding and Kelling other people's calves. They added to their re sources by travelling about the country, shearing,, droving, fencing, tank sinking, or doing any other job thát offered itself; but always returning to their mountain fastnesses ready for any bit ot work "on the cross" (i.e., dishonest) that happen ed to turn up. When they stole sheep, they moved them on through the mountains with great celerity, always having a brother, or an uncle, or a cousin. Jerry, or Timothy, or Mart'n, or Patsy, who had a select ion "beyant" which meant further than the mountains; and by these means they could shift stolen pt'ck ripflit acrcßs the great mountain rangé, and dispose of them among <the peaceable folk who dwelt in the gcod country on the other side, and whose stock they stole in return and brought back. Many a good horse and fat beast bad made the stealthy mountain journey^ lying hidden in gaps* ; and gullies when pursuit was hot; and being mr v Ved, on when things were quieter. These people were a standing trouble to Hugh Gordon. The only man they feared was the priest; and it was. : remarkable what splendid horses Father Fit gorald used to be able ito buy cheap from. : them. Besides him, they feared nobody, and the great Kuryong Estate lay open to the raids of the Doy les and the Done hoes much as England in the old days lay open to the attack of the Danes. . The original Dc nohoe had arrived in the colony by virtue of a syiatem of immigration which re sembled the colonial educational system, in that it was secular, free of charge, and compuls ry; in . other words, he had been 'oen't c ut" for his cóunr; try's good in -the early day«, had. ssrvéd hlia time, and become possessed bf a small holding arnon g . the mountains above Kuryong, abc ut. . 20, mile s 'from anywhere In particular. Here he had taken : itcto himself a wife, 'and, like Ham, In jthe Bible, had. bred and" mustered. The clan as it grew had - acquired other selections and lease? in : scattered holdings ..- all among the . mountains-owned, 'k in fact, a good large area of country, but 'the greater part of it was barren; rugged, 'timbered land. lna>3much as like gathers ito like, there s:on estab lished themselves' close handy a clan of Doyles; and thone had intermarried with the Donohoes, : and spread themselves over the district till. no man could; keep tally of them. There was» Red >. Mick Doncihoe and Black Mick Donohoe, and Red ¿ Mick's con Mick, and Black Mick's son. Mick, and * Rëd'Mick'o son Pat, and Black Mick's eon Part; and there was Gammy Doyle, meaning Dayle with the lame leg, and Scrammy Doyle, meaning Doyle with the Injured arm, and Bosthoon Doyle and Omadhawn Doyle, a Bosthoon being a man who never had much sense to speak of, while an Omadhawn is a man wino began life with some sense, but lest part of it in his journey.. It was a common saying in the countryr side that", on meeting a man on those mountains, one should begin by saying "Gocd-day, Doyle!" and if the man replied, "That is not my hame," one should at once say, "Well, I meant no offence, Mr. Donohoe." One could- generally make a rough guess as to which was which cf the ori-. ; glnal stock, as the Doyles were flat-featured,, big-fcoted, Herculean Irishmen, while the Dono hoes were little, foxy-faced, hard-bitten, wiry fellows, great horsemen, enterprising and quick witted; But when they came to : intermarry, there was no telling t'other from' which. Startling likenesses propped up amcng the relatives, and it was widely rumored that ene Doyle, who was known to be in gaol, and who was vaguely 'spoken cf by the clan as being "away," was in fact serv ing an accumulation of sentences for himself and a lot of other members of the family, whose sins he had, for a consideration, taken upon his own shoulders. It was a great sight to see the joint clans make their annual descent on the little mr untain town of Kiley's Cress at race time. They tor k com mand of the whole place, and woe ! to the unf-r tunate who . interfered ! As a rule, they fought peaceably enough among themselves; but if any intruder ventilated any opinions against the Doyles or the Donohoes, he steed a first-class chance M': going h~me in a ptuiied condition, under the seat of the public-house waggonette, with several Doyles and Donohoes wiping their new heavy boots on him. Once wrd came that a district full of Kellys, whose headquarters were over the ranges beyond Kiley's Crossing, had spoken slightingly of the Doyle-D-nohoe-faction, and when the clans met at the Kiley's Crossing races there was trouble. At first both parties w*»re dintant and civil to each other, and things Wet right, enougly except for a few ifolated fights, until the principal race of the day came on, in which the Donohoes had entered their famous champion -Faugh -a-SaUagh, a big horse of un. doubted breeding, for whose purchase no member of the family could ever show a receipt; while the Kellys ran their celebrated nag Toe-the-Mark, about whose ownership there was the following history: When the last bushranger was shot in the district, he was riding a very fine mare. As no owner was forthcoming for her, Kelly the Gaffer-which means Kelly the Pltch-and-Toss artist-claimed her, and in default of a better claimant, the mare was handed over to him. She produced Toe-the-Mark, who under the names of Happy Jce, Hard Times, Come-by-Chance, and so on, had been disqualified at every meeting in the country side, and -constantly re-appearing* under new names-had made himself a terror to the district. It was looked upon as a certainty that he would beat Faugh-a-Ballagh, and as the horses went out, ' Kelly the Gaff er . called to Red Mick Donohre, who, for the time being, figured aB own er cf Faugh-a-Ballagh, "I'll give yez fifteen b b f"r that hor-r-se, and chance how you kern by him," which in itself, was enough to rouse a sensitive and honorable crowd like the Donohoes to boiling p-int. * But worse remained behind; fer Kelly the Gaffer, seeing nb. chance of making; money by betting, had instructed his jockey' to. pilli T-e-tbe-Mark, and let Faugh-a-Ballagh win;. While Réd^MÍck 'p nohoè,. thinking his.- horse must be beaten, .had backed, the opposition .animal, and t- id his jockey ti pull Faugh-a-Ballagh, and let Toe-the-Mark wiri; As ? there were only ; two starting, and neither wished to win,; the first halft, mile was run at a si";w hard-pulling canter; then the excited clansmen in ' the h-ugh and sapling grandstand saw .both ^riders pull , up,- indulge in a gord deal of excited 'gesticulation, and finally jump off and tie up their Ir.rses and set ab^ut each other with their fists. In : a moment every man, woman', and child on the course set off across the tráck to the fight, where, young Patsy Kelly, the rider cf Toe-the : Mark, was giving little Martin Donohoe, who rode Faugh-a-Ballagh, the father cf a hiding. Martin ; was doing his best for the family credit, ard was fighting as gamely as a bull terrier; but be was clearly overmatched; and as the combatants clinch ed, the first Donohoe that arrived on the scene hit Patsy Kelly an awful clip on the head. Imme diately all hands "chipped in," and--blue gum and , stringy bark saplings being available In millions as elegant a faction fight as one might wish to see was soon in progress. The women screamed en couragement, and rushed clawing at each other. The.very dogs oh either side rolled into each other; and before .long the Doyles and Donohoes drove the Kellys bef-re them like chaff before a gale. . They belted every Kelly above 3ft high that they .could find. ' They took control of the township, . and made every person that they could catch say "Hooray for the Doyles and the Donohoes!" Then they went back to the racecourse and set fire to the' grandstand, which was made of dried saplings ; and bark, ànd roofed with bougüis, and consequent ly, b'.azrd merrily, and several prominent Kellys, who had been peacefully sleeping off the effects of drink in the back of the stand, came near being rnac+e-l «»live. In fact, they enjoyed themselves . thoroughly, and the Kiley's Crossing races was a . great day in the annals of the district. ?[ There were the nelghb'rs whose constant depre dations; were drawing lines on Hugh Gordon's face. "I; wouldn't care," he confided to Miss Harriott, "if I /they; only took a' beast or. two. But the sheep are geing, by the hundreds., We mustered five hundrèdj short in one paddock this month. And ; there I i sh ' t -: a cow. among the Doy les and Donohoes but has three calves at. least, and two of each , three calves-belong to us.", He dared not prose cute. ' No local jury would-convict In face of the hostility , that would be aroused in every member Of the clan. 'They had. made alibis a special study; the very wjudges were staggered at the absolute ' calmness and : plausibility with .which they would get themselves out'of difficulties. Besides, they were -too dangerous to provoke. A big station, ; wfthrajlot of hosOle nelghb like a whale with the. killers round lt; lt is open to! attack on all - sides,; and ; cannot retaliate, f - A match carelessly dropped In a patch of grass would set miles of country in a blaze. Huprh Grrdon, as he missed his stock, and saw his fences cut and his grass burnt, could only grind his teeth, and hope for a lucky chance putting some of the enemy in his power; and. the chance came soonw than he ex pected. ; : : ;:'v^ y (To be continued.)