A ROMANCE or TII AUSTRALIAN ALP'S. B1 JEAN C. ROIINSON, B.A., JInX HILL. LCoPYIrIIrIT.] CHAPTER IV. (Continued). The faintest tone of irony was perceptible in the young man's words, but MIr Ellend was quite unconscience of it. -Ie held ex ceedingly favorable views of his own importance in the scheme of creation, and as no one had any motive in disproving his secret opinion, the lack of contradiction had fully confirmed him in main taining these agreeable views, lie was busy sorting out the school papers, and shortly after haned out a parcel to Mr Ilsey. "These are what I should have given yol yesterday", he stidl. ?2.?Ot.ers are ait imy lilseC. I ;-- ..... k- i--? I'? iI,.?,'riS |lox?" :1 llt| ixor think it over." think it over. By the time Mr Ellend returned. the young man told him he would give a short discourse just to tide over the awkward gap that had occurred. "Only," he said laugh in'y_, "I must have my own choice of asubject; I shall give a lecture, not a sermon, remember." Mr Ellend was too relieved to be captious about the exact sub ject. If he felt a moment's uneasi ness in his ignorance of the young man's orthodoxy, he quickly re covered his complacency by telling himself that a new doctrine taught for one Sunday could not seriously aflect the people of Myalong, who were, as a rule, good, law-abiding folk, far removed from new-fangled views about the origin and des tiny of man. In spite of his disclaimer to Mr Ilsev, he knew himself well able to teach or guide these good folk, but lie felt ldoubtful about his re ception amongst these shrcewd, plain-speaking mining men, who had awkward habits of publicly expressing their favor or dislike. CHAPTER V. Elinor Ellend was an orphan, and had been living with her uncle's family for several years. When she came to the mountain hamlet in the first grief of her or phanhood her uncle had formally adopted her. Thus she had grown up with the family and passed ias one of them. Thornton Ellend. Iher father. was of manlier and larger 'r,.wth. and of Immore ardent, eueruus nat A .Ai e ?.oitaer'. hW d the pioneer's restless i-pilit str,,n' within him. .nd in his yuth I had tried his hands ait mani' pursuits, noctably gold-getting, be tore he settled dow\\n on a large tract of land on the southcrn l,or der of the nmallee country, isi \\was an open, mlagnanimous, rov ing disposition, loving advcnturc and change, hard ridinl in the glorious virile air of the plains. and excitement in all his .-port. HIe spent spuch time in the e\\xplr ation of all parts of the surruntd ing country, and became one cof tlihe most daring rilders in na c, try where all ride like centaurs. One gre\\vious day the spirited stallion he rid, dashcld him against a tree and :nangled his right arm i-- .-hockingly that it had to be removed fromi the shoul der. This cat.a-trohl e etnforcini' contincmcntt :nd idleness. ;i'cfectd his high spirits a-u seriousl. that he never \\Va; t!!t -amne .luanl again. During the mst troublesomeuc period of his illnh-s he was clar fully nursed i" the ctntc daugh ter of a ncight rin, farmer, \\'h, had long been fnscinatcd by the dark-eycd, da ing rider. 1-1lurd. with hi. t~heracteristic impetuousity, fill in lhovc with the quiet. nuldl-anuabl cgirl. and married hcr I efrel his arm had properly hcdc. She, of simplei. tendcer disp,,sitii:, saw the \\'a rld and all its phaies ,nly throughi him, and bund all her hapt iness in tie small circle of her home. I Aind Elklnd, otce famous for his roving, became strongly domestic, I anud tend,:d carefully his estate and gradually amassed money and land. Some three \\'years after thle birthl of a daughter, Lllend was surprised anld ldelightdJ to ind thiit an ,ld comanlaec ,f his glIl-diggin' days ihad come and scttlcid o miles away from his ,iwi n liomestcad.i Lcrovd Ihai onc.e ..\\'cd IlIlcnd's life in tht. urly ,ays. and the latter \\ias cut rnallv grateful. Thus, 'h:ni the old fri.ndlhip by camnle pc ssible once monre, there was continual intercourse betw'een the families. L.rovd had married years before his friejid. and was now a widower with one son s\\everal years older than Ellcnds' daughter. This boy was a child after Ellend's heart, bold, enterprising, already tinished with school, and eagerly anxious to roam all over the world. In confidential whispers Ellcnd told Lcroyd how much he wished his own child had been such a boy, and had such aspirations. lThe sequence naturally followed. Both fathers agreed that the natural and inevitable end of friendship such as theirs required the union1 at a suitable time, of their children. Mrs Ellend, who had no wish apart from her husband, acquiesced in the arrangement. If any mis giving arose as to its wisdom, the time was yet so distant that some thing milghit velli intervene before the actual marriage took place. As Elinor's girlhoodl advanced she showed much of the same de voti6nal feeling for lher father as that wnich dominated her mother. All unconscious of the defect of her sex in his eyes, she regarded him as her ideal of greatness and goodneas. She ee cme his cnn stant companion, anid was initited into all the working of , statiin as if she had been male iste.e;aI ,f female, and in time her tathr acknowledged she was better than a dozen sons. Impressionale. docile, intelligent, the v,,ung girl brought iup in thc remote hbush knew onl' the little circle that slrrounilcl her- not vc\\en all f that-fir yo"ung l chard L ii\\'yd steadily deviated [roam the parlin tal rule aod shliwetd ot ijilination to settle down i aiceoding to?orderly precedlent. As he grew ,hder andl tea-ni what wias the ,istiny li\\ed for him. h, grew restise aind spike of iiniig a certain explorinig l.lrl\\t. ;tL,. aflter s e 111t en' m ol - stnin.c.. actualiy tir sovwithtot tell ong aniv -n of his departure. \\\\'hen that hau:l phmged into the dreary pri! ned :a·· knaek; o L?:Pcol~lmlnR: nllt inleht'peennce of all law, iand act ing on his own initiative without any <ualms of conscience. I)ur ing his absence many changes took place, for death was busy and destruction was rife over all the state. Everyone remembers the ter rible year in which bush fires swept through all parts of the country, and caused such wide spread desolation. \\Vallerloo, Leroyd's property, was in flames. Disregardinig ominous signs about his own land. Ellend set forth in hot haste under a brazen sky, canopied with smoky vapors and fanned by the furnace flames of the north wind, to ren der help with other brave menc against the dteadly headway of the fire. (When Ellend. smoke-be grimmed, scorched. exhausted. came home, he found hlie had to do over again for his own property what he had volunteered for his friend. The women of the house spent their time throwing \\\\wet bags over the scorching wood work of the homestead, while the men battled with the lire fiend in the timbered paddocks. Allnd \\whenll it was all over Ellcnd was a stricken man. His already weak Cned frame could not fight against the assailing fever, and Lcrovd :aine over to find his friend siiik og into death. \\et eagerly anxious hat tlhe long utldlerstood colmplact night bie ratitied before the ever astiing silhecte came. Thus it came to pass that Eli ir. \\:coffiini day and night, and h e -opro ichmn g sep arartioen frim tr id, isld f ther, \\'ai bounitd Iv it,.mn ,ath to marry young Lcr xid cin hier cighteenith birth in a ,l:\\ ,ri t two the silenIt house , ii, I, ,o the ltiss f its head. MIrs l lletl.c wuorn out iby excite nent and tunton hi:erabld gricf, nr folio ,t the hiushranidl to the :rave. It V a- at her funet.ral that -linor -at lichard Lerovd for a :ew minutes. l hehad grown into 11lenttdl, llluscular hushmlan, "aii., egtistical, full of virile •outh. and carelessly scornful ,f the hi'. yuunt, wvcejing girl :h, held all the m isery t her 1ou :bl berea :t',ment in her un .iitur.illy large eyes. ITo yotung S ireason. tiou igLLorant to IUnaltse, tou da'Ced with grieft to ling back atlut fir taUitt, there remained or -linor the primnitie seInse of ret ulsio, ant httred, strong, un it,:akable, part of her xery being, ., wroughlt from myriads ot her l uCet ctrs. "or not trouble yourself, Eli itr. lyounl g Dick had sa:id toi hier ithI disdaiinful hauteur, "we rillt :ot bother to dlo what the old folk urranged fr uis. Ihc glanced at her pallid and wilh-n feattires for a moment, hen turned abruptly andl left hier tunS int, burnng resentment. ?he at down itand wrote to her mcic to take her away immedi itly. To do, him justice Lcnox Ellend adi been tigidly faithful to the .rust imposed on him. The girl mund a true home in his famly, ?ound sincere sympathy in her sorrow, lound herself won from :er bro, diig by gentle, impercep ibie means. Thus in time lher iaturally hoiyant spirit seemingly ianch lied in her aarlieot yiuth, et holding fast to a gentler gaiety, ecovered its tone. She did not are to leave the valley for any utirpose whatsoever, but her uncle osisted on her obtaining the best :duca ltioni that her ample means arranted him in securing for he r. Meainwhile her land was placed Sretliable hands, and yielded more than it had done while under or fathlier's loose, openly prodigal, mnao, gement. \\hlen. years after, Leroyd found his way to the mountain village, le discovered that the girl whom he had so lightly refused had irown into an attractive, highly. cultured and most desirable woman, gifted with fascinating qualities that tired his usually cal culating nature, and caused him to feel hunuiliation such as he had never before known, for he wooed in vain. To t,€ contiriucd. "Oh, merchant, in thine hour of eee, It on this paper you should ec , Take our advice and now be-yy, And in thii journal advertiti, You'll find the project ot some Duu; Neglect can offer no exqqq; Be wise at once-prolong your das, ' silent busioes?0 soo dkkk."