RIC-HARD BRICE, ADVENTUIRER. By OH8A. JUNOR, Author ol " Dead Moant'e Tales," &o., ,o0. [AhL RIGOTS BESERVED.] CMHAPTER III. .: 'THE CAYBE OF GEZO. PART II--IN TOE GLOnY or GREAT E?NTERPRISE. (Cvontinlued.) WTE halted at the top of a slight rise in the ground, and leaning low, looked down on a strange epootaoleo. A orowd of gestulating savages wore throwing themselves into all the atti tudes imaginable. In the oontre, the Ju-Ju man, a hideous, sbrivelled old reprobate, smeared with blood, and wearing strings of skulls and rattling charms about his body, gabbled fron ziod incantations as he turned his faoe to the moon, and a soloeot group of assistants blow ofans (perforated ivory horus) to an acoompanimont of ear oplittiug blasts upou their pipos, rasp ing striuged instruments, and dozens of moukoy-akin drums. Beside him stood a young negross, bound, her body oovoroed with eabalistio signs in white paint. From this assemblage of lunatics a little old woman, shrunken and nerv ous, but with eyes rolling in the ceostacy of superstitious mania, sprang to a large, square block and seated hersolf. Instantly the previous pan domouinm oaoed, and a number of youag women ouo forward swaying their bodies slowly, and, grouping themselves about her, they oom moenol to croon a mournful chorus which however grow lower as, raisiog herself gradually, the old woman seooemed to be rising into an uncon trollable fury. Thei excitomont around grow intense, the drums boat madly, and the outsiders discharged renewed yells as tho woman, muttering vio louently, began to tremble, her face was contortod, her musoles swelled and stillfened, and, uttoring a long eerie howl, she throw up her arms, and fall ing, lay on tie ground insensible. A party of six hurried from the murky blackness behind, and, untying the bands of the young negress beside the Ju-J a priest, yelled some fiendish words of oncouragement, or defiance, and benout the victim's head forwards over the block lately vacated Ijy the prophotoes. Thoun the Ju-Ju man, as though waking from a tranoe, spranug * towards her, and signed to a sinister, stalwart negro standing behind him, sword in hand. With one blow he severed the neck, and the crowd anxious to participato in the oredit of the butchery rushed like a packl of wolves to assisto in the dospatch of the victim. "I've Ihad about enough," I whie pered, hoarsely, in Wado's ear. "If I stay another secoond I shall fire into the midst of the wrotches." " Quiet, please," he remonstrated. " If they caught us now we'd get no meroy. There's no more to see, any how. Come on, man, pick up the trail for home again." lisieg from the fostering under growth, where we had beeoon reokleossly inhaling the germs of disease, we crept away shuddering, anxious to re trace our stops while tihe rovollors were stupid with palm-wine. To our left several dark forms loomed monac ingly, and the Ieavy tread and orunch ing of breaking branuchels, followed by a sharp trumpeting, proelaimed those visitors to be oloephants, probably on their returm from the wator-side, and we cast uneasy glaneoos over ousr shoulders as we olutoleod our rifles tiglHter and moved oarefally away from the palm-thickets. Howls of various degrees of intensity reached us from both sides, the baboons contri buting a series of grunts disconoorting in the extremo. As we neared the river we observed that Venus had become visible, and soon afterwards the first rosy flush of dawn began to swoeep over the eastern sky, bringing into view tbhe dripping, steaming grass. Our nooturnal companions the prowl ing douizns of the African forests, the sliugiug gnats and monstrous mosquitoes, retired gradually, and, as we once moro stopped aboard, I felt relieved that our excursion had termi nated so liappily. The night had boon an istrnectivo, but by no means a pleasant one, as far as I was con cerned. Steam lhaving beeoon lot down and the boilers blown off, Wade pulled himself together with a strong nip of rem, and we started just as tie thick white vepours began to roll aside before the rising sun, and the low barki of the crocodiles was rarely heard no we at last drew away from the flat country osevered with rushes and tall grass, through which the river had hitherto pursuoed its sorpentine course. WVithin forty minutes we brought the village of Shaba into view. Hero we hoped to loarn some thing definite about the present inhabi. tants of the Zogzeg distriot we intended to visit, also, in conformity with our reputation as traders, to transact a little business and replenish our eox haustod stores. Situated on the right bank, on tohe slope of a ravine but partially oloared, the settlement oon sisted of a scoro of two of rood-thatohled fgr:ss-utes. F'rom these, directly our vessel waes cighited, streams of gliston ing black savfegos poured, while some specially cosiditratlo izleividualo, in hosnor of tie ocaeaion, rushed to balng gnenee ansd ihlssio lottles tilled willth p1l)hles, \\\\'e aeIchereiCd Opll esito the crowdl, Iibut, the?L le-h ese ne y e snoos 11illed witl alt:l't ce'l:ws l w:ro hlodedille ti r Ilosl tireist , ollel cllovn d dipl)ollc(e to iee the firt t teo rs le Ii rdi hll,, , ( ri.I teestly, l he ;ve r, t gi , ,lcl itiec eei imply' wvith a of he tq imul+ ta~h r outl hot' lin;i, ,5(5lsl celethi' ,l~ I5', sihe c/b,,, iccet 5 sieI ssecI ly''Illl leicee ,, tie's liiec l isJ',lt cci, (eec. w +,, 5c5(5 ,,c eec, ue , t,, scf' cecI sccl. chIt ee~li sees !l sees. ((c tic eeo cite ie, jIecleelti e !:s ice.? s"'sal. cei, tdtcly' ht',' iiiies t+icyt+ leiss lccclchlle, jt l...e. Ieee cc l/le sleetyselice heed cc De cescIIs.s I',. 111cc 101!01 It"r q'lfl id"!". rh.?' , tlIIMtl iiiec /1,l Illi ee l llcr I 5?, , cJ'iley $lih ')ittlbli , Wrleiloc isIfei+,1 ?Oii'555 5 of all but the legitimato traders and the ohiefl's own boyhood. Though almost quarter-Arab the old man wore the primitive dress of the inferior natives. Over his ehoulders was a panther-shin, and rround his hips a tuft of foathere, his throat being enoircled by a necklace of human teeth and gigris charms. His head-gear oonsieted of sevoral small antelopo horns, and by his side swung a formidable club. Like most of his retainers, his speech was n ceries of choking, bubbling sentoncus, intorladen with swift gestures wonder ful to study, We accepted his invita tion to stop ashore and inspecat his belongings, and found everything in deeoribably dirty. A rough manu facture of hatches and chisels ap peared to be carried on from the native iron of the distriot, and copper was used for the bowls of pipes, ornaments, and clamps for their large calabashes. The women's heads were shaven, and their ohief adornments were ivory anklets - in some cases, fully sir inches wide and an inch thick. Glass leads and braes and oopper about the arms and legs, were worn by both sexes; oirclets of blue glass or cord beads round the wrists, neck, or anltlos, being in a few instaunes also worn. Bome of the light.coloured natives wore the sap, loose robe, and sandals of their Hanussa neighbonurs, and in one quarter we observed a group of iulnky blaco, emanoiated savages repel lent in miou and destitute of most of the ornaments of their fellow-triboe men. Thlose woro cannibals, but as they professedly, confined themselves to the human flesh of enemies killed in battle, we were informed that it was only on rare oecasions that an opportunity occurred of indulging in their favourite luxury. There weore but few oexamples noticeable of dropsy, or the numerous skin, eye, and bowel disoeases so prevalent on the Oil Rivers, though many of the population suffored fromn jigger-neaton feet. The frightful Guinea-worm, which, grow ing eighteen or more inches between the muscles of tije leg cripples the patiouet until he is able to seize the head and twist it forth unbroken round a stick, was apparently unknown in this district, as well as tile saucer sized hairy tarantula-a brate vonom oue and loathsome beyond description. The fetish doctor, who surveyed us with unfriendly aud suspicious eyes, coolly ran his dirty fingers over our arms to make sure that we were really whito and not merely whitoewashed counterfeito, and then retired in disdain, but we had to obtain some plantains, sweet potatoes, fowls, and a goat for ourselves, as well as some supplies for our crew, so we had little time to wasto on native peculiarities. Declining a greasy mass of usn moentionable ingredients-offered us for chop-rats and lizards being the least objectionable, perhaps, stowed in a large woodon pot, we aooopted some haunkey (native bread), fu-fo (pounded yam with palm-oil and cayenne popper), caffas (boiled corn), and bum (palm and bamboo wine), for our men, who were sick of the scanty rice-rations which were all we had left. In exchange for these and two pegs (she-elephant tusks) and a few yellow aggry bends (ornaments of native manufacture resembling Egyp tian porcelain, and muoch prized abroad), we traded a bag of salt, some knives, a number of colored prints, and some Manohoestor sloth. All burdens in West M. ioa are carried on the head; and coils and calabnoashes of malodorous, viscid green rubber were repeatedly lowered for our in opection, but we had other freight in view. Rubbor is also sold in balls, frequently ounningly adulterated by the gatherer, who, catching the juice as it wells from the trees, smears it over his body to dry, and then, pool ing off ths strips, wraps them around a large stone to be sold as solid rubber balls to the unsophisticated white trader. Palm-oil we refused alio. This commodity yields a splendid revenue to the factory owners of the Lower Nigor. The best quality, known as soft oil-derived from the boiled and pounded husks of young fresh nuts-is useed for soap, and tihe kernelo, used for candles and moachine lubricats, are afterwards removed and shipped for ornshing to Europe. We made Borowdi a "dash "or present of an antiquated musket, which delighted him greatly, but whon we followed up the auspioiousr moment and asked for information about thie Zogzeg country he bocame aggravatingly reticent. He deoolared that none of his people had over been there. All he could say was that he had beard that it was under the rule of a king called Gezo, whoso people woro the last true blacks weo would mooeet towards tho east or the north. His capital was about sixty miles further up the river, but we would pass a village called Isado at about half way on our journey, and there we could probably obtain all the news we desired. To assure ns that he was telling the truth, he swore it with the point of his knife laid against his throat-the natives' most solemn form of oath-and, finding we could do no more, we bade him good-byo. The entire population esoorted us back to the launch, and we wont aboard amid a hurricaneo of entreaties to call again on our return. A forest of paddles flashed and whirled as our uorew gave its first few turns, and, as thbo whistlo blew, tihe warm of canoos shot aside in a cataract of loam, and disappeared benoneathi thie overhauging busioe ano the frightoened rowern made for thlie laniud antl we eat end away raplidly iup tie river towardt thlre miou tainirro country rifeiing tMporbly oe Iboth lloiis, We hadl dns with the IirtrllhiI , a|d soort oric roil Lroubleo \\w o l l l il oB nH I I I O~len i l l n a mell | l dl , UIehli r the daii r '::lit ., veI rtit al sui . IJinl u', LII ]eiiii ''h iieb1 le nj uiot nii t o rii.iiti, 'l'ii loirr'i liH'ii trite en Inl rio ll t. fi rd t? r oiev, ry i, Ii,, l r;ar li|, lll r) dIll ll'llJ l', Ii Ii) i, \\ ? i SAID 1l1:111( I-'ld1 (:))IIIII!( 111) 11,?I?'}I) \\'t'm l'l1 uurii I?tll llfip , Il ii l i /ii ii ,l f ' if iiii (/11 So~b ?/tl i i t l e, ii ri1 s I t otf, ?'ijd trips1! e;rrn1f51 it hU~is hig? ,It| ttlt.t toiled past groveo of tamarind, ootton, and othborjougle growthbo. A commo tion among several natives by the shore arose, we discovered through the eapture of a crocodile. One of the party had jambed tho bruto's tail to tho ground with a spear, and as he leaned upon it, his assailant hacked at its bonlad tillit died. There would be nuoppor for one party that night, at any rate, though no doubt somer would lament that it was not a hippopot amus feast. Ilogo told me that he had frequently trapped elephants in his young days by fixing sharp sticks in a horizontal position between the undorgrometh where these animals are in the habit of foeeding or watoring. An soon as the huge boast found him self impaled hlie pushed furiously for wards, thereby driving the weapon deeper inwards until he sucoumbed. The reason why the jackal and hymon are sunch inseparable companious, it seems, is because t?ho former has exoeptionally keen powers of scent and the latter has none at all, so by fol lowing the jackal at all times and seasons the wily hymua manages to thrivo fairly well. Giving the lauuoh all the preossure ehle could carry, we made good pro gross, and the slopes on the banks boe gan to assume definitely mountainous proportions. HIre and there we could observo a pallesh, or a chesnat-olored rhumb-a heavily-built autelope hav ing a mane like a horse, but cloven hloofo and horns like a buffalo. Pro santly Wade slowed down, and, look ing about him carefully, called to Ilogo " We\\Vo're just about where Isade ought to be. It seurely must be over there; but what's that smoke-bush fire, do you think ?" To our left, a mile or so away, on the other side of the intervening low range of hills, a broad oloud of smoke aeeondod, and, as we stood regarding it thoughtfully, we fancied we could hear the shouting of human voices and muffaled explosions. " lo no savvoy that follow fire," Ilogo muttered. " We must land and see what it means, anyhow," Wade exolaimed. " We can't run into Gezo's place to morrow without having first learned something about him; and hero's the day nearly over. It's hardly good enough to leave the ship. What in blazes are we to do ?" Our Kru-boye were not to be relied upon. Beiung coast natives they hated this inland labor, and would have run away long ago had circumstances favored. The Housans wero too vanlu able to lose, by desertion or oapture, and as for Ilogo, we had at times grave doubts as to whether he was not a prodigious liar or knave. "You and Ilogo had better go," W\\ade said, after we had considered things awhile. " There may be some thing doing over thoro, and if there is you can easily hurry back. I'll anchor and be on the look-out for you. I'd like to accompany you, lbut those con founded boilors must be watched like a eat." As this was olearly the best conrse, I quibckly assented, and the pair of us started to climb the hill, Pushing through the cordage of vines, twisted creopers thicklr as cables, and long sharp tendrils fine as whips, trailing from the branches aloft we crossed a ravine, which further on formed a rapid descending between great boulders of granite. About us the banks were covered with inter aIncing parasites, broad-loaved and lustrous, spreading thicker and thicker as they ascended to the tree tops, whence descending, they lowered sucklers in search of nutriment. The evening sunuhiuo, dripping like molten gold from bough to bough, and falling between the deep, rich metallio green leaves of the luxuriant yucca treeoos, burnished the edges of the dwarf palms and ferns as they trembled and sparkleod in the spray. In the deep stillness around, tile quick pulsations of the water and occasional waving of feathery palm, bamboo, and long plantain frond as a shower of leaves fell on our heands, suggested that we weore listening to tile deep breathing of watchful Nature. It was a wildernos impressive in its mysterious potontlia lilies. At the top of the ridge the under growth thinned oonsidorably; the maze of narrow oross paths becamo leess intricate, and we seated ourselves with relief upon the broad roots of a fallen tree. Pushing our rifles for ward we peered down the inolino throughl the thiok foliago. Jets of blueo-blaok smoke were ascending from the earth about a mile ahead bo tweoon them we noticed a gathering swarm of buzzardo, tohe soaveongere of Afriea, whoeling olumsily aside as a red tongue of smouldering flame shot upwards and subsided only to glow forth afresh soon afterwards at some other point. The ground immediately bouoeneath us was covered with palm olusters, and tall plume-grass, and a dry rustling among the blades and hum of voiaose in the air, some fifty yards away, oanued my heart to beoat faster as I slid a cartridgo into my enider and softly oloseed the breecoh look. Nexost minute, two big negroes, each with a wide-bladed stabbiog spear in hia hand appeared, followed by half a dozen others with porous sion cap muskets gloaming on their bare shouldors. As they strode pat nod turned into the hollow, leading away from our posi tioii, the crank of a manateoebido whip emoto upon our oears, and tie foremost of a gang of elaves, soine apparolntly just capltured, otihers wore out by jlong loarclei end ill-uooto 1e(al to h[ llo bifiro ts. Jai edo l tol.thtr by reaw hide striep, or euhaiio, atlochld ti rie?ty iroii cillaro aiil Itlllncln l i~ II, rlldt IIII O';I III)Io ;vru IIlot Iutl lltlsl (h f) r llll O tll l allO r cIoII hi'il hly ab'm, bputi i hiavy lIiuhi i," jlil, i l ll u?w,o tr el l ;rI, i l ii .th, r Itlselb:hltla dilr m))) (h1 ir hI.,.ula, (AJvn Tdl ith .'ltb a.l b I:! ledn rell t I thanI anwI hellnl'ill ,;h,,li nly ,,f eI)I, r um i, Ijll l whip lat,,h?,r+ th,, evm litl,?n of h11 Inid sus+, t,,? wrapped from the sun, a feast for his oovetous eyes. " Hops, Hopa" the drivers shouted, and, lashing out right and left, blood was drawn wherovor tbohe coils reached the bodies of dilatory prisoners, and a diabolical din of ohbriocks and entreatisoo arose as, jerking forwards spasmodically the offenders strove to avoid farther torture and yet hoping for the inevitable death on the road whioh usually terminated their agonies. As one of these, a mere girl, stumbled and fell, after a second application of thebo corling hide flail, I iunvoluntarily raised my rifle to sight, and the click of the barrel, in steadying it against a smooth branch resounded faintly down the valley. " Mgogolo I" exolaimed one of the scouts along the near wing of the proceession, turning instantly on hie heol, and staring intently up in our direction. A ruslle beside me, and, like light ning, a pair of arms shot forward. Seoizing my wrists and foroing my hainds from the weapon. Ilago held them apart and glared fronziedly into my eyes. Thnus, and for the first time did I obtain proof of this man's prodigious strength. I was powerless under his grip. A traitor I and, by heaven a dangerous one! rushed into my thoughts; but I did him an injustioe. " In the name of Allah, are you mad, white man ?" he whispered, fiercely, but trembling in a paroxysm of fear. " Do you think I would over live that lifo again ? The least noise, and we are all taken." Then, dropping his native tongue, reverted to only in the moment of supreme exoitemont, he released my hands and implored me to have some eonsideration for our sommon safety. As if in endorsement of his advioe, a poison-tipped spear flow from the watobful szout's hand, and a volley of pot-leg aimed at random by his com panuions who had halted at his oxelama tion, went soreaming through the bush on both sides of us, while the markse men listened doubtfully for any after offeots. Choking down an erxolamation of terror, Ilogo nudged me admonish ingly, and turning, started, with bent bank, to seramble down-hill, With drawing my weapon, the canse of all the misohiof, I followed his example, the dread of feeling a barb-edged spear in my baok helping my movements cousiderably. But we were not fol lowed, and when we told our story aboard the launch we learned that, though they had heard faint sounds of firing, they had been insaffioient to can?e any serious anxiety on our be hall. (To be couitinued.)