fflauricg Fitzffiorriss PDBfclSHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT^ '' By 'VINCENT G. IBSON.' Author of ' The Double Rescue,' ' Was it Murder ? ' ..' A Jackeroo's Experience,' &c. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER -VL (Continued.) . Under cross-examiflatioa ? he ex plained, important business had called him away suddenly, and he intended to return in a few days, but events transpired that prevented his return for a time ; he declined to state what the circumstances were. Hispartner,Mr.Hawlaii(l,he1heught would have continued to wort the mine. ?'??0-;i,r-:'ft W~'-'-Q - Arthur Haviland' Corroborated the previous witness', evidence and pro duced the agreement. ^He would have employed labour on the lease had he been able'to find; it ; he was' searching among sonie old workings some nijles lower ,,dowri the river, as Gaffer had not described the place very clearly to him, and he had left so suddenly that he was not aware of his absence for some days ; he had no doubt the man believed he would be working the mine- -. '. There was no .evidence tendered with reference to where the pegs were put, any further than Gaffer stated that owing' to the rocky nature of the place, he had used stones in stead of trenches, ,as allowed by law, and the pegs were held in position by the stones, which had no doubt been removed, and a tree that Tiad been marked and on which the notice, painted on a board, was nailed had been burnt by bush fires, as no doubt the pegs were also. In reply, evidence was given by Maurice and a number of others that there was no indication of any marks or pegs, or stones, as stated by the objector. Mr. Gordon, who opened rather weakly, but gained confidence as he went ou, contended that the land in question was not that applied for by Gaffer, and if it was he had failed to maintain the pegs and trenches and notices in accordance with law, and, finally, the conditions of- labour had not been complied with; and the land was abandoned. '-?'-? Mr. Deriby contended that his client had given a reasonable txjpla- ! nnt ion of his absence, and he, no doubt, believed ids interests were being attended to' by: his. partner, who was finding the capital to work the mine.; It was. the. fauli of the. department Ibat Hie' lease' was not issued ; had a surveyor been sent the land would have been located, and they would lie able to find the corners without peg^i It was an easy matter to remove all traces of the marks described :*by his client, and was he to be robbed of the fruits of his disebvery through the neglect of the Mines ^Department to carry out its obligations as required by law ? It Svas a well-known custom that labour conditions were~-beyer fully carrjed out'jjijitU^he lease. wa^ granted. ;' His clients .were always ready and willing to work the mine as soon as it was ;surveyed .arid, the lease graated. . Ojjlyifor'the unfor tunate circumstance of Mr. Haviland not being able to -find the spot, he would haye been- working it all the time. Tjbere was no doubt it was the workiSaffer had done in opening up the reef that led to its discovery, by Fitz-Morriss. . The Warden -said he could not make uri !iis mind to'admit the claim of the objector.^ There'- 'was abso lutely no eviderreg; of ;?£ substantial, character to s^owj-thaf jtbislwas thfe land arjplieOor^jy -Giffer i'.. there was notya trate^jt^py of -tlie marks, said to have'bee^^tihere^When he took possession. ''-\\Vithouf going into the question' of- : abandonment, he would dismiss t«£ 6bjections on the ground *hat there was not sufficient evidence of identification M;the^aji4 appUed^orpjplSjfc objeo&Kj'iuji;-^- supported testimony, rasVnot '4^? cient inihe absence of ^y ^iks ntir the land. ?-_V-!i* : vj^vf-^ Objections disjnissed wftli jpiste.-^ ' My ;die^is^tenriif^|b' TOdy this case tg^tie^iiighest t^Bunal lin the la§3, u%& iie succeeS^jsfiidj Mr. D&ib^^'ry^iojevidently dy jtiot relish ffefeat. ?:' '-'*'' ' Sqjilavijand is at the bottom 'of this b|isine55y4t3^ms,' remarked Maurusg as^ltertijfe csurt with his friendst .'^JSifLsjilendidiyi Finv, ley; E c^n^ttaiflfeypii on -your maide# effort*;:ypu will be a famous lawyegif yriu^oiwiimprpving as yolu did b^fween the opening aad closing of your address.'** . ' Don't be sarcastic, Mor. I had a good.case, and rall=tiie eloquence of my learnediriend could not turn the tide of fortune; orljustice, or what ever it was we bad on. our side. I confess I felt very^ shaky, because I couia not forgetjjEhat I would be followed by the Jeading light of the profession, who I know would have rejoiced to, . crush. ..an, unfledged juvenile like me.' '''^s* ?c '?-' ? ' I am not joking, old man ; you aigued the case like an old hand at the game, that is aftef you wanned up a bit. I wonder if they will appeal. I have an ' idea Haviland has his knife into me about some thing ; I wonder what it is. I have noticed hjm look at me several times lately with a villainous look,' said Maurice, who was trying to think how he could have caused Haviland to dislike him, as he had scarcely ever spoken to him. ' He never liked any of us, and that dirty business he tried on with us at the races is not likely to im prove our , love for him,? said. Watty , who always disliked Haviland! ' Havilaud will appeaifor certain, aid if money can buy evidence, you can bet your life he will make a big fight,' remarked Finley. ' To-day's, case will show him their weak points.' ' If I had known he was at the bottom of it,' said Watty, ' I would have expected a tribe of witnesses to swear they saw the pegs.' ' Their case was weak enough to-day,' said Maurice, as they en tered their hut. CHAPTER VII. The ' I-yre Bird ' promises Good Fees for Lawyers. Arthur Haviland had no intention of letting the case rest at the War den's decision. He had left the working up of the evidence to Gaffer. Knowing the man was thoroughly unscrupulous, he thought he would have procured witnesses to make out his claim, and he did not wish to appear in the case if he could avoid it ; but now he determined to take charge of affairs himself and use his henchman to make the necessary bargains. The District Court was held in Harglen, and the mining appeal case was the talk of the town, as well as the mines ; it had leaked out that the appellant had discovered strong evidence in support of the appeal. Maurice and his party arrived at Harglen on the night previous to the date of the Court. Leading counsel had been engaged by both sides, and immense interest was taken i'h the case. The District Court was opened with all due formality, and after dealing with a few undefended cases, ' The appeal of James Gaffer against the decision of the Warden at Bar brook ' was called, and the usual preliminaries were settled. Appel lant's counsel opened the case, and stated that he intended to call fresh evidence. Gaffer repeated his previous state ments, and supplemented it by stat ing he had offered shares to several people, two of whom had visited the place. The two men referred to were called, and corroborated the previous witness' evidence, and identified the land known as the 'Lyre Bird Prospecting Area' as that applied for by Gaffer.' A severe crossexami nation failed tp shake their testi mony. .-, ?:? ' ' Arthur Haviland stated he had been at a picnic shortly before the discovery made by Fitz-Morriss, and, being near the place where Gaffer had indicated the lease was, he went to search for traces of the lease he ?was -interested in, and he had come upon a place where someone had been -prospecting and found a piece of qtiarte-bearing gold, which he had sho'jvn to a number of people at the picnic:; and Mr, Fitz:Morriss . was present, and he believed that nad led iip ?; to that gentleman .prospecting In the locality. He.did not find any jiegs,; arjd he determined to have anotner-search later, but the land was applied for by the respondent, and the spot where he found the specimen was where the workings on itheXyre, Bird are being earned on. He jSid not mention this at the War de&'s.^ Goiirt, because he was not i^fed AeiquestiOn, and the appel i^'Stedhnb| .consulted him with r^encj|W,1whfit evidence would fee'iSy^^ble, :and he thought Gaffer h$d witnesses ,'« identify the land, jjtfE:^e^was;intotmed since' the two witnesses who gave evidence to-day could- not be traced in time for -the Warden's Court* - Maurice's counsel argued that the land had been abandoned, and if persons were allowed to apply for gold-mining leases and go away and leave them, for years, as in this case, atid, someone else came along and 3&pelop-jd it, arid the previous appli cant could successfully claim the fruits'of the enterprise and labourof the men. who had developed the mine, it would open up avenues for locking -up auriferous lands, and would prevent legitimate develop ment of the mining' industry. Any rights that Gaffer might ha%-e had in this property he had forfeited ty abandoning the land arid not com-, plying .with.the labour conditions'; tjie law imposed certain conditions, which must be carried out, otherwise the miner forfeited his right to pos- i session. Among those conditions were the maintenance of p^s a cer tain size, and trenches at the corners, and notice, showing by whom- and for what purpose the land was ap plied for ; it was no answer to say the Government-had not done .their part and surveyed the land, and it was not contended by the appellant that any attempt had been made to comply with the conditions. As a matter of fact, it was admitted that the appellant did not trouble about, the lease, and .would not have been' heard of again had this 'rich dis-; covery not been made, and was this man to come along now and rob 'his clients of the fruits of their dis covery ? The appellant's counsel argued, first, that there was no doubt the property in question was that ap plied for by his client, and the law had been complied with as regards taking possession and marking, also the proper fees for survey and rent had been paid ; it was then the duty of the department to survey the land and issue the lease, but that had not been done. Admitting that his client had not complied with the con ditions of labour and that the things required to be maintained. were not so- maintained, that did not entitle another person to come in and take possession ; if he did he was a tres passer, and was liable to be prose cuted as such. There was a proper. course to take in those cases, but the respondents had not taken that course. They were in the position of jumpers, and were lawbreakers. The land must either be declared abandoned by a competent authority or the application must be refused and notified in the Government Ga zette as refused, or lapsed, or void, before the land was open to another applicant. None of those things had occurred, therefore his client's appli cation was in the same position now as when it was lodged, and until it was refused his client had first claim. On that point of law, he claimed that his client must succeed. :\\ His Honour briefly reviewed, the facts of the case, and admitted that the point was a rather difficult one, and he had no doubt it would be carried further, he hoped it would; and although he sympathised with the respondents, he felt he must up hold the appeal on the ground that the lease had not been refused nor the land declared abandoned by a competent court/ The other points raised, as to maintaining marks and labour conditions, those would be points to be considered had an appli cation been made to have the land declared abandoned on those grounds In his opinion the validity of Gaffer's application was the chief considera tion, and he held it was still a valid application until the department decided otherwise. Appeal upheld with costs. As the case proceeded Maurice and his party realised thai their reo rients were making out a strong case.' That most of the evidence, or nearly all, was false they were quite satis fied. The able address of counsel in support of the appeal, and the strong emphasis laid on the validity of the first application caused a slight un easiness as to the result, but when the judge decided against them they were for a moment struckwith conster nation. Maurice -glanced towards Haviland, who was looking at him with an exultant, mocking smile. Maurice whispered to Finley to instruct counsel to announce that an appeal would be made, and he left the court. A number of people were already leaving, and when Maurice reached the door Mr. Bart lett put bis hand on his shoulder. ' I am sorry you were unsuccessful, Mr. Gordon, or Mr. Fitz-Morriss, I should say ; I am extremely grieved,, and although it might be law, it is a monstrous thing that you should be filched of your honest gains like that,' said he. ' Of course you will appeal.' 'Thank you, Mr. ,J3artlett, for your sympathy ; I Confess I can scarcely realise that we have lost,' Maurice replied, looking round among the group of sympathisers who were gathering round; 'we-3nust not give up at the first reverse ; weXwill. fight while we bav»i a-feather left.*' ' There was a large number ''of miners' .from Barbrook in town, and ati were on Maurjcj!s.side, as he was very popular wiarthe people per sonally, as welH-as being the. dis coverer of the mine, and Gaffer was known to be a thorough villain, who frequented mining places in search of plunder in the shape of blackmail orsaltinggroundin order to sell out, or any other swindle that came to hand. {To be continued.) -C 6 The manage relation would take care - A silver ooin remains in currency tor on average period of twenty-seven yean?. . If the oceans of (the -world diouM evaporate, ' tihey would leave behind them a layer of rak 235ft. deep. . . A horee^iay live twenty-seven years, hut both' lions -and carafe have been known to attain .the age of {arty. The Imperial Canal of China nas a total length of 2100 mites, winch exceetis that of any other in tibe wfcrid. ? The yew is the longest lived of British trees, attaining to an age of 2880 yuan. The oak comes second witih 1600 yean.' The Brittah Moseam tontrane book* written on oyster ehelb, bricks, tiles, bones, ivory, lead, iron, copper, dheep ekin, wood and patm leaves. When it is uphill don't worry.' the horse ; ?wten ife downhill refrain from hurrying Jrim ; boC be sure and take goad care of him when be is in tie bara, Mffitary^deBeiteui B1WBiti3^ an escort are not, as formerly, detained in a prison. They are now kept eke-Where in the cot tody of toe police. ? ? A eeientJst asserts that *be ninth day of the moon is 4he most rainy of the whole twarfy-ebht, -and 4 o'clock in the afternoon tie rainiest boot of die day.