GOLDEN GIFTS. 

 BY THE AUTHOR OF " MABIA2T" VERMONT VALE ETC., ETC. 

 CHAPTER XXXV * 

 BEAUTY FOE ASHES. 

 IT is impossible to see the rich profusion spread over the land- 1 the waving grass, the tall trees depending their graceful foliage, i the scented shrub, and herbaceous carpet, seared and burnt up and swept away with the desolation of bush fires-and not feel how powerful is this agent, this element for good as well as evil, and how greatly it needs the curbing hand of man to restrain it; nay rather, how much more powerful a hand is requisite, and how little do we remember what to that hand is due " whoholdeththe winds in the hollow of His fist," who commandeth the waves of the ocean and they trespass no farther. 

 The sun broke forth in all its dawning splendour on the morrow of that disastrous night, illumining a scene of smoke and ashes. On either side the Mount Barker Koad, where lately sprung the scented shrub and long-faded grass, the tall forest of slender pines were blackened and withered monuments of the devastating power that had blasted them. Even now in their midst, and for miles back, there were curling wreaths of smoke, and red smouldering embers, testifying of the living mischief. Even now huge trees, devastated of their branches, burning at their heart's core, tottered and bowed themselves over the road, threatening every moment to fall upon the adventurous pas sengers. The air was heavy with the vapour and heat, and on all this scene of woe looked down the sun, adding its scorching influence and spreading afar the tide of sorrow. 

 Perched upon the highest elevation his land could boast, the favourite spot looking over the road, now black and withered like the rest, Martin sat that morning with head bowed upon his hands, looking gloomily out upon the utter demolition of all his pleasant things. All, all were gone-not an atom remained; clothes, books, household treasures of various kinds, all vanished in the general conflagration. Life alone was saved, and for that he had much to be thankful, but oh! the rest was very bitter. 

 Not that there had been no efforts to save, but there had been danger in so many quarters, each man busily employed for his own; and around the little " Wren's Nest" the fire seemed to concentrate its forces; so that with all the efforts made by the three raw hands at such disaster-and very crude hands they were-it licked up every article of fuel, swept through the fences, leaving no trace behind, hung in festoons round the outer buildings-the piggeries, the dairy, the stables-and thus clearing the garden, and its lovely walks and bowers, and exquisitely cultured trees with a ferocious fury, rushed headlong to the house. What were the few poor buckets of a dozen men now to the raging flames. Down came the slender verandah, feeding in its course the hungry element; the windows were soon shattered by the heat. In a very few moments, where all was so inflammable, not even the bare posts remained to tell of what the " Wren's Nest" had been. And crushed to the earth with the suddenness, and the heaviness of the misfortune, Martin could barely be persuaded to seek a place of safely himself while his men driving together the cattle and pigs they had with difficulty rescued from the flames, continued to take them out of 

 the reach of utter destruction. They were all that were saved; j 

 the rest was reduced to ashes. j 

 Bright hopes crushed; " golden gifts," so highly prized, irre trievably lost; treasrue, household treasure, snatched suddenly from loving hands that even now caressed them; and in one night-one night-upon the whole fairy vision an imperishable 

 blot imprinted! Strange if even with the patient patriarch Job j he had not felt in bitterness of spirit; though at the same time, with himj amidst his utter desolation, Martin could exclaim " The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away: blessed be the 

 name of the Lord." 

 Veritably it was, in Martin's case, an utter taking away-all the fruit of long months of industry and care and skill utterly and irretrievably ruined, no trace even left of them in all their glory and beauty and freshness. " Alan proposeth " often, indeed; and, verily, Grod alone is the disposer of all, and so are we day by day led. to acknowledge before his majestic presence, 

 " Our choicest comforts come from thee 

 They go at thy command." 

 All this Martin felt, as he sat with bowed head looking down at his idol as it lay crushed before him. An idol was it ? Even so; in that hour of its destruction he felt that it had been, felt how utterly needful for him had been the injunction of the Apostle " Little children, keep yourselves from idols." Now the idol was gone, and with it, all. What now ? Was he to sit there repining ? Had Grod preserved to him in safety life and limb, and were both to remain inactive ? Not so-not so; and, shaking off despon dency, he sprang to his feet, shook himself, as if to scatter all apathetic feelings, and clasping his hands together, fervently 

 exclaimed 

 " Grod helping me, I will still go forward. I will trust, and not 

 fear!" 

 Brave, noble-hearted Martin! When has Grod ever disap pointed this perfect trust ? Eh, trust-trust on; it's one of thy most precious golden gifts, one upon which shstll follow golden gains! 

 It was yet early; but Martin had left the friendly sheltering roof of the A lands, and the hospitality so gladly lavished upon him, for a hurried ride to Adelaide. Well he knew that a fire in the tiers would shortly be the Adelaide topic of conversation, and that the dear ones so intimately concerned in all themselves would suffer deeply in the suspense, more even than in the reality. He had only rested once on his way, dismounting from his horse, whieh for the moment he had tied out of the reach of smoking branches, and sat down to take another and a morning view of all that night had cost him. Now springing again to his saddle, he turned his back upon the blackened, smoking ruin, and rode rapidly on his way. 

 What a journey it was! Ear along the rode on either hand rose the singed and leafless branches of those tall, straight trunks, some bending and bowing and ready to fall. Smoke and heat attended him on his way. Again and again his horse's feet flinched beneath hot ashes, but scarcely turning to the right hand or to the left he kept forward, the memory of one little withered, seared-up spot still burning at his heart. He had much to do, poor fellow, to preserve his new-found trust when the recol lection of his homeless condition flashed across his memory. A little ago and what a paradise he had intended to make the "Wren's Nest," what a home for his dear little Thurza; and now he was himself without a home, and so was poor Lizzie. 

 There was the world to begin again, that was certain; but he was strong, strong of limb and strong of will, and young still. Thurza, if she loved him, would wait; Edie would take care of Lizzie for a while. No doubt he must strike out some new course, what at present did not appear. He had a little capital yet to go on-a little ready money in the bank; his cows, his pigs, and horses were safe ; so was the cart. Everything else had perished in the flames. Well, there were some alleviating points even in this disaster. Among them, Martin reckoned the fortunate absence of Thurza and his sister, just in time to escape the fright. 

 Thus alternately indulging in hope and fear, the dark clouds were looming heavily over his sky, and now little gleams of the sunshine beyond saluting him. He rode into Adelaide, and straight to his brother's office. Harry must be the first to hear the bad news? where would he hear it? He was mistaken however. Harry had left since the morning; the English mail was in, and he had taken a bundle of letters to his sister's at Norwood. So they told him; and remounting his horse, he was soon far on the Norwood route, and in the neighbourhood of Rose 

 Villa. 

 How thankful he felt for Edie's happiness now-how rejoiced he was that she was removed beyond the wear and tear of poverty, the carping cares devolving upon those who have but little of this world's goods. What an air of easy affluence, of graceful competence, hung over the whole dwelling. Martin felt the contrast strongly as he threw open the large iron gates and led his horse along the neat carriage-drive, with its bordering of flowers, away through another gate to the stables, consigning it 

 into the hands of the careful groom, and then slowly walked back again to the house: a pretty, well-built eottage of white stone, its substantial verandah draped and shadowed on all sides by climbing roses of many hues, mingled with other fragrant climbers and clinging tendrils. The sound of gay voices came through the open drawing-room windows, and now and then a bright ringing laugh from Edith, not in unison quite with his feelings. How little they knew what had befallen the " Wren's Nest," or on what mission he was coming in amongst them. He felt reluctant to break in upon their pleasure with his bad news, and for a few moments stood at the open French windows with hesitating footstep. Suddenly a slight puff of wind lifted the curtain against which he stood, and betrayed him- There was a rush forward, and a glad shout of welcome. 

 " How opportune!" 

 " My dear Martin, I'm so glad you are come!" " We were wishing for you!" 

 " I was just preparing to start off after you," was Harry's last exclamation ; and Martin stood in utter astonishment, completely silenced by the torrent of words poured out upon him. 

 "Did you hear it, dear Martin?" cried Edie. "Oh, I'm so glad, so delighted! But how did you ? Why, your letters are here! How did you know ? " 

 "Oh, Martin knew something of this before," said Lindly Duncan, laughing; " he's not quite so blind as he would have us suppose. Tou came in for letters, old fellow; did you not ?" 

 " No," said Martin, gravely, taking the seat his sister was forcing 

 upon him. 

 "No?" there was a perfect shout. "What, and you knew nothing of our good news ? you hadn't come to tell us ?" 

 " Goodiiews!" said Martin, slowly, and wonderingly looking 

 round upon the excited group. 

 " Yes; the English letters!" 

 " I have no good news to tell you," replied Martin, so full of his own heavy tidings as to be able to pay little heed to their words; " my news is dark enough. Lizzie, my girl, we are home less now," he added, turning to his sister; " fairly burnt out. You were right, Thurza; you will never see the ' Wren's Nest' again." 

 " Oh, Martin!" 

 " You don't mean it ?" ejaculated Lindly Duncan in astonish 

 ment. 

 " Down to the ground, stock and stone; nothing saved but the live stock-not a flower, not a tree-the whole is a wilderness!" 

 " The fire in the tiers!" said Harry, below his breath. 

 "Is my news bad enough?" asked Martin, half satirically, looking round upon the sober faces. 

 " Bad enough, dear Martin, at any time," said Lizzie, coming round and throwing her arms round his neck; " worse, because I see you are so thoroughly exhausted and beaten out; but all counterbalanced by our ' good news.' " She stroked away the hair from his heated forehead, and stooped and kissed him. " Our good news, dear Martin, don't you want to hear it?" 

 " Good news in reality, and from England?" 

 " Yes," she exclaimed, laughing a little glad laugh. " That law suit, dear Martin, papa's old worry, is decided at last, and 

 in our favour!" 

 He rose up then, pale and trembling, and held out his hands 

 for the letters that were thrust into them. 

 " No," said Edith, " not a word must you read, not a line, till you have taken something. Why, Lizzie-Thurza, he is fairly exhausted." 

 What wonder ? all night up in the glare and heat and labour of a fire, a long, weary, hot ride, with his heavy losses pressing heavily upon him, and the heavy tidings he had to carry still 

 more burdensome. What wonder that the stalwart frame gave way, and with the sadder revulsion of feeling, paleness even like death came over the strong man's face. For a little while nature took its revenge, but kind friends, loving friends, were round him, and hope ringing sweet melody in his ears. " They who trust in the Lord shall never be ashamed," were the words that came with returning memory : out of the ashes of the little " Wren's Nest" beautiful revelations of divine love were already 

 arising.