CHAPTER X. 

 THE QUARREL. 

 The Australian bush in midsummer is sometimes oppressive during the day, when the hot sun pours its heated rays onto the forest, causing the earth to crumble. The air is void of moisture, the leaves are drooping- 

 ing, and the delicate stems and branches look nude and forsaken. The voice of nature is still, the birds have for the hour lost the pleasure of flying from the trees; and are not even heard. The trunks of the trees along the tracks show marks of the dray wheels, through exposed roots, or large ruts made when the track was soft; after severe rain. The bark in such cases hangs in long strips from the butt of the trees, and is cov- ered with heavy dust. The road ran around trees that drays could pass between; just avoiding an overhanging branch, every here and there. A sound in the distance might arrest the attention of a quick ear; it is a voice pecu- liar to bush travel, only the wheel of a bul- 

 lock dray rapping against the axle box, whenever the ruts on the unmade road were irregular, or deeper than usual ; this sound combined with the crack of the green hide bullock whip, the echo of the driver's voice, or the clink of the yoke and chains. Curlew did not tarry in Gisbourne; he heard further particulars of the movements of the police which were important; and shortly after started upon his return. Riding clear of the township, he was now following a track that might be supposed to carry the greatest traffic ; may be, the prin- cipal if the thick layer of dust denoted the distinction of premier. He heard the familiar rattle of the bullock 

 team, and stopped his horse to reconnoitre. As expected, he saw a huge mass of dust enveloping all around, rendering it impossi- ble except to the habitue of dray trucks, to determine the style of vehicle which caused such a cloud. Riding near to the advancing team, he began talking to the driver, who walked by the side of the bullocks, gliding tho polers by the whip, to avoid collision with protrud- ing, trees. Learning the gossip of the roads, relating to bushrangers he set off, and the bullock 

 driver cracked his whip, cannoning from one bullock to another, up and down, the team, while the chant of ' Gee Bally, and 'Brindle come 'ere who'a ' gradually grew fainter, 'and was soon forgotten in the impetuous speed at which the horseman was riding. However good the staying powers of a horse, such a high rate of progression could not long continue, even when the road was level, and well made; but, upon a wild track, where the dust was lying a foot deep, rising 

 in clouds with the slightest agitation, it caused great inconvenience to both horse and rider. Consequently Curlew tightened the rein, drawing the horse up to the ordi- nary bush; amble; and was considering where he should turn off the road, to go the most direct route to the cave, when his at- tention was once more attracted, by a chance glimpse of a horseman, not far in front, leis- urely rising a hill. This was sufficient to awaken his caution, and arouse his inquisi- tive nature. He quietly followed for some distance, sufficient to establish in his mind that the horseman did not travel in company nor appeared Iike a trooper in disguise; and deciding the tactics pursue, he moved at a quicker pace, soon; getting within a few lengths of Horace Bascombe, who was return- ing from Melbourne. 'Hallo, old fellow,' Bascombe said, 'you are the last one. I should have thought of see- ing,' turning round to the new comer. 'Al- though, really; I was just thinking of you and the other follows. These are fine times for your business.' ' How do, Bascombe?' Curlew said, coldly, as he never trusted his acquaintance with the,' same confidence with which Douglass and Warren received him. l suppose there are all sorts of yarns flying about; and I'll bet with exaggerations. What have you been doing lately ? As to fine times, it's a precious deal too warm for any business.' 'l have heard a lot about the gangs' do- ings; the police are determined to hunt you down, Bascombe said. 

 ' If they are not very smart,' Curlew said, 'I guess they will be all shot.' ' I hear that Warren is often at Murphy's,' Bascombe said, 'much to Miss Murphy's annoyance.' 'Yes,' Curlew said. 'I know he's made an awful fool of himself, in that quarter, but he won't take advice.' ' He is very strong headed.' Bascombe said. ' I might almost add, heartless ; and one who would do anything to gain his own desires.' ' You're not far out ' Curlew said. ' He's a terror in the gang, though he looks so soft and quiet. It was all his doing, that the firing took place.' Stopping his horse; 'and now I must say good morning, as I turn off here. ' Well, good-bye, Curlew, remember me to 

 the others,' Bascombe said. 'If I can serve any of you, drop me a line.' 'Thanks,' Curlow said. 'Now we sepa- rate, soon l trust to meet again in security ; 'or perhaps we part to meet no more.' ' Why, do you intend to quit the country?' Bascombe asked ' Not exactly the country,' Curlew said. 'But I shall try to leave these part; I am tired of this mode of living.' ' Before you go,' Bascombe said ; ' we will have a parting, nip, taking a flask from his pocket and handing it to the bushranger. Curlew disappeared in the thick bush, can- tering through breaks of timber and over the spurs, from the big ranges, occasionally bending his head, to prevent contact with low hanging branches, until compelled to go slower, by the densely packed undergrowth and loose timber, the collection of ages. He turned into a steep gully, with huge boulders, scattered on each side, and ancient stringy bark trees, partly burnt stumps re- minding one of fearful flames, and clouds of burning embers, of the last bush fire ; and selected a place to ascend the top of the ridge, where the blackened trunks and twisted branches were less impediments to the horse. He dismounted and unfastening one buckle of the reins from the bridle bit, commenced to climb the rugged bank, the horse following. Arriving at a kind of series of terraces he saw that the top was not far distant, and re- adjusting the reins, he sat upon a log to rest, previous to another start. Lighting his pipe, and lightly placing his hand upon the horse's withers, he was again in the saddle, and Hector started into a hard gallop and proceeded along the rounded edge of the dangerous bank: when Curlew halted, looking around. 'Hector, old horse,' -ho said aloud, ' I guess we are a bit bushed. I am blessed if I haven't missed the old forked tree ; never mind, we'll go back again.' Turning the horse, he retraced his track for half a mile, at a walk, until he reached a huge gum tree, all crooks and forks before 

 a copse of immense trees, extending along a table land. Reaching the timber he trotted up and down the uneven country, then mak- ing a dash down the head of a blind gully, to a patch of scrub, through which he scram- bled, coming out in front of the Hanging Rock, the present home of Bora Bora. The day was yet young, therefore he could afford to wait awhile and see if they should return. It was strange that both should be away. Something unusual may have happened to 

 compel them to leave ; he knew their habits. The chief always went on the 'dunna' alone, unless when with the tribe. The time passed slowly enough : nought but the dry looking scrub, in front and all around the cold looking rocks in the rear. No sound reached the bushman's ear, and save an oa- casional lizard , emerging from under a shelv- ing rock, the scenery was barren. As a rule, it is the practice of the old hand, and those born or bred in the bush( generally to take advantage of unoccupied time, by sleeping, when finding themselves in the po- sition of Curlew. Thus he indulged in refreshing slumber, until the sun shining full upon his face, awoke him. Standing up he plainly per- ceived himself still alone. Mounting his horse he pushed through the intricacies of the everlasting scrub. Suddenly he met,Bora Bora and his lubra, who told him that the 

 police were patrolling the forest, and in which direction they were travelling. 'Have you seen whitefeller tracks along ranges?' Curlow enquired. ' Ouai,' the blackfellow said. Plenty yarraman long gully, one come abora like um big feller gully, way back, see budgery boomer. Ball me lift um. Bora Bora show it whitefeller plenty money long gully.' ' How far long a gully ?' Curlew said. ' Wilbra arrio. ' Bora Bora answered; which interpreted, is little sun, or half a day. ' You,' Curlew said ; ' stop long a gun- yah, Curlew come long by um by, you no yan way.' 

 'Ball,' Bora Bora said. My Eowani no like um cave gunyah ; swears you away long a tribe' The bright eyes of the young girl Eowani flashed at Bora Bora, as she interpreted his talk. 'Memora Wodlinia bacca.' Then speak ing to Curlew; ' Ball me git um bacca, Mas- ter Rudolph. ' Ball you,' Curlew said to Bora Bora, 'take bacca, me give Eowani. Here's some for you Eowani,' giving her a few figs of 

 tobacco. Curlew departed, impressing upon them not to leave their camp before his return. He hurried away, as the sun was rapidly sinking to the tree tops, having to travel several miles to reach the bushrangers' cave. But owing to the great endurance of his horse, he arrived home us the ruddy sun was sinking in the brilliant west. 

 All the men came out to see who might be the late arrival. 'Ah ! Curlew,' Douglass said. 'What news from the front, as they, say ?' ' All sorts of news', was the reply . ' How have you fellows got on?' ' Ben, Warren and Hunter went for tucker,' Douglass said, 'and heard we are all to be taken, dead or alive. 'We heard about your lurk with the trav- ellers.' Warren said. ' You made Pat Mur- phy ill with laughing.' 

 ' I have not been to the Creek since your self,' Curlew said. I heard a lot about you and Flora, that wasn't any laughing matter: eh, Warren ' ' She's a fool,' Warren said. 'Once we were great friends, but now, it's a hard job to receive a reply ; and if her father isn't more civil, I'll not forget him.' TO BE CONTINUED.)