[?] Estranged for Life. Bti Clara Cheesehan. [The light of publication in Australasia has been purchased bv the proprietors of the Sydney Mail,] Chapter IV. The hospitable Mr. Bingham would not hear of Frank leaving his house for an hotel, although it was too full already, with accommodating two families, while Mr. Henry could find a house, and get his furniture landed ; so he was constrained to stay there during the short time he remained in Auckland, and not unwillingly either. He shared James's room, and obtained but little vo.sf in consequence, owing to that young gentleman's habit of stalking in his sleep, and delivering or striking at imagi nary cricket -balls, with such ejaculations as—' There's a ball for you ! Hulloa ! Down go the stumps ! Hurrah ! ' — and so on. James, however, determined that his new friend should not leave Auckland before he had seen various sights, which, he thought, would enlarge his views and give him an idea of colonial life. Having, therefore, made in quiries for him as to the means of reaching Mahiarangi, his final destination, and finding that the steamship Come left for that place the day after the morrow, he informed Frank that the intervening time could not be better spent than in viewing the lions of the city .and suburbs of Auckland. To this Frank assented the more readily, as he had a private opinion that the plan would not involve any extra ordinary exertion. Accordingly during the two days he resigned himself to be led about all over, and have all the objects of note pointed out to him. James drove him out into the country, and showed him many fine farms and homesteads, with their hawthorn hedges and orchards, now white with blossom. It was spring, a fine and warm season, and English birds, blackbirds, and thrushes, and skylarks — sang every where. Saucy little sparrows hopped about the roads, all the commonest English weeds grew by their sides, butter cups and daisies flowered in the meadows, and Frank mar velled to find this new country so English, and even felt disappointment thereat ; only that sky above them, with its dark brilliant blue and white fleecy clouds, was not like an English sky, and the sun shone hot and fiercely, though it was but early spring. And now and then he came on some hothouse favourite he had known at home, blooming here freely in the open air ; but of native flowers he saw none, and made up his mind therefore, as persons often do without knowledge, that there were none. Mr. James did not neglect also to take his friend over the town, where several distinct buildings were each pointed out to Frank as the oldest house in Auckland. He stood before the Supreme -Court-house with him, and imparted the interesting fact, in a solemn tone, that it had actually cost thirty -six thousand! Frank gazed on the pile, and thought that the money might have produced a better effect. He was also required to admire the banks, the Post Office, the Exchange, and the town clock, which was then, so James lamented, always getting out of order, j He was, in fact, hurried all over the town. James showed him streets being cut down, leaving the houses high above the road ; others that were being raised, and the buildings on each side were down in a gully. In either case it looked a very awkward state of affairs for the residents; but James pointed out the many advantages they would experience from the alterations in time. Then he was conducted to the Museum, where he wrote his name in the visitors' book, underneath the signatures of two worthy persons who had thought fit to designate themselves as ' Robin Hood' and 'Little John,' and also the much better written and more truthful autograph of a Maori of high rank, who happened to be in at the time, indignantly accusing the curator of having abstracted from theburying placeB of his tribe the skulls of certain distinguished an cestors. Jim also signed himself, below his friend, as Lord Augustus Howard, after which feat he did the honours of the establishment, and grew eloquent over gigantic moa bones and eggs, stuffed kiwis in unnatural attitudes, Maori carvings, and other articles of rarity. Two days thus spent in sightseeing* quickly fled, and the afternoon of the third arrived, when, bidding adieu to his kind Auckland friends, Frank went on board the steamship Comet, which started at length, about four hours after advertised time. The Comet was full of cargo and passengers— so full that movement about the deck was inconvenient. Fifty people were accommodated in a space not too large for twenty. The ladies generally kept close to their cabin— a second Black Hole, always productive of sea-sickness, should all other means fail. 'Some of the more sensible, however, slept on deck, which plan indeed was a necessity with many of the passengers, as there was not room for them below. The steward dispensed rugs with great liberality, and as it was a warm night they were very comfortable. Some of the poorer or more economical persons, Frank noticed, brought their own provisions, and resisted all the blandish ments of the steward, and his pressing invitations to partake of a half-crown tea in the saloon — which, however, was well patronised by some others, who ate as if they had missed both breakfast and dinner that day. The Comet called at five different settlements during the night, and at each of these times were those reposing on deck disturbed by men running amongst them, carrying heavy packages, which they occasionally allowed to come down with tremendous force close to the forms of some calmly slumbering person, who would start up in great terror. Frank had fortunately selected, quite by accident, a quiet corner, aud though he did not sleep, owing to the constant bustle and noise, and also to the strangeness and novelty of the scene, he was at least unmolested except by a settler who, getting off at the last calling-place, sought in vain for his carpet bag, till he found that Frank had made use of it for a pillow. Without stopping to warn him, he withdrew it at once, allowing our young friend's head to come down on the hard plank with a severe bump, and bustled off with his bride, whom he was taking down for the first time, and whose wedding outfit was of large size and of more useful articles than are usually to be found in a young lady's trousseau. Feather beds and cane chairs, frying-pans and other valuable kitchen utensils, chests of drawers and tables were some of them ; and the soft goods comprising the lady's wardrobe were enclosed in bags that bad formerly contained flour, or in old skirts sewn up at the waist part, and tied above tightly with flax,_ that appeared to have an almost unlimited holding capacity. The dis missal of the luggage of this happy pair, the captain de clared, lightened the steamer very appreciably ; and as the cabin was well thinned of its occupants by this time, who had mostly gone off at the different calling-places, Frank, chilled by the early morning air, went down, and fell asleep, and did not awake till they were nearly at Mahiarangi. When he got on deck, however, to his astonishment there were no signs whatever of human habitation to be seen. The steamer was moving along in a narrow channel, between the high banks (as it was nearly low water) of extensive mud-flats covered with mangroves. Heavy and dense bush came down to the very edge of the river, and it was difficult to distinguish in some places where the growth of the mangroves ended and that of the forest _began. Suddenly they turned a little point, and camc in sight of the settlement of Mahiarangi. The reader has probably never heard of this place before, but it was so named by its native inhabitants long before the arrival of the pakeha intruders. It was in those days of old the habitat of a wondrous tree, the Mahiarangi, one of extraordinary beauty amongst the many beautiful forest trees of New Zealand. The fragrance of its blossoms, so the old tradition sayeth, perfumed the air for a great distance around, and its leaves J (also odoriferous) and flowers were much prized by the I Maoris, who carried them about their persons or exchanged them with tribes from distant parts. But, alas, the mahiarangi, like the moa, has passed away. Yet the Maoris of the present day affirm that there is a solitary tree still existing in this place, in the heart of the pathless bush. But it has not been discovered, though a zealous botanist spent some time in thoroughly exploring the dis trict, and nearly broke his neck over a precipitous cliff, attracted thither by the strong odour of a bed of wild mint. The botanist, undismayed by this, often returned to these wilds, and each summer renewed the search in vain. No mahiarangi, through whose flower-laden boughs sigh gales fragrant as those of Araby the blest, has yet rewarded his persevering toil, and this extraordinary tree is yet uninen tioned in the ' Handbook of the New Zealand Flora.' But the Maoris' faith in its existence is still unshaken, and doubtless no pakeha may break the spell that guards it. The Mahiarangi district might compare favourably, in point of forest scenery, with many other parte of the isltnds. In former times the whole country must have been covered with bush ; even now it has large and exten sive patches, though saw-mills and bush fires and other destructive agencies have been reducing them for years past. And in beauty and variety of growth and in graceful form it would be hard to match these forests in tho whole world. Here the kauri, that monarch of the New Zealand forest, attains a size rarely to be observed elsewhere, rising sometimes to a hundred feet without a single branch. To the northward of the settlement are large forests composed almost entirely of kauri ; but the woods of Mahiarangi proper, nearer the coast, are more distinguished by the variety so characteristic of the New Zealand bush. Not that Mahiarangi is all bush— there is also a considerable extent of tolerably open land to be found there, some of the finest arable land in the province of Auckland ; and very many years ago a certain person cast his eye — always a cool and calculating one — upon the place, and determined to make it his own. This individual, who will be mentioned hereafter, an Englishman, but no credit to his country at that period, was then living with the Mahiarangi tribe in the capacity of ' Pakeha- Maori,' and carried on a very flourishing trade with his dusky friends, generally managing to secure a profit of something like cent, per cent., or even more. It struck him, however, that the Mahiarangi block of about 100,000 acres, which would, without doubt, in the course of a few years, be of immense value, might as well belong to him as to another, and would serve to launch him in life in the respectable character of a landed proprietor. The purchase was accordingly effected. Old Taniwha, the chief, was at that time busily engaged in what many other'mightier poten tates love to do, and often without better reason, namely, in putting his small army on a war footing ; and would have parted with much more than Mahiarangi to obtain powder and guns. So the clever pakeha, standing with the chief on the highest hill in that part, bought all the surround ing country as far as he could see, and paid down the pur chase mone}r on the spot. How many blankets, flint muskets, and barrels of powder this comprised I am not able to state ; but all parties were satisfied. A hundred weight of sugar and a barrel or rum were thrown in to sweeten the bargain, and the chief marched against a peaceful tribe and almost annihilated them a few weeks after. However, the Pakeha-Maori found that though he had bought the land fairly and openly, as he always protested, the Government, becoming aware of his claims on that part a long while after, looked upon the transaction with any thing but a favourable eye. and in course of time discovered a flaw in his title. Another Maori chief appeared on the scene, who declared himself the rightful owner of the estate, and his pretensions were supported by witnesses without number, who deposed to hisancestorshavingfromtimeinmemorial caught rats, snared tuis and kakas on this property, and performed various other actions supposed to confer territorial riglitsjon individuals, besides having originally dwelt there ; while Taniwha una his followers were only usurpers, and could not possibly sell what had never been their own. | The ageny of the pakeha, when he saw this priceless pearl slipping out of his fingers, may be imagined. Every year his wail of anguish went up to the Colonial Legis lature, in the shape of petitions, presented regularly by members who were under obligations to him ; but in vain. Mahiarangi passed from his hands, and he was forced to content himself with a trifle of 5000 acres or so of kauri forest in the neighbourhood, which he had contrived to secure firmly to himself, and where he established a saw mill, that brought him in a very nice little income, but nothing to what this injured person might have had. Mahiarangi, accordingly, instead of belonging to one person, became the property of many. Several of the forty-acre settlers, as they used to be called, selected their land here ; some others possessed of a little capital bought farms, and gradually there sprung up a thriving settlement, a true Arcadia, a land literally flowing with milk and honey. It must be confessed that the first sight of this place caused considerable disappointment to Frank. He had read a great deal about New Zealand, North and South, and the different accounts had got considerably mixed in his mind. Where were the beautiful grassy plains, covered with countless flocks and herds, the fields of waving corn, he had so often read of and heard described ? Here there was a river flat, and shut in by high wooded hills all round. Many fine green fields there were indeed, and patches also of crops round the settlement, but the .prevailing feature of the scene was bush of the heaviest kind, that came down to the very edge of the shore. There was no room among all this wilderness of luxu riant, tropical-looking growth for a large sheep farm, such as he supposed he was going to. The cul tivated parts he could see were of trilling extent, and some years would be required to clear the forest that seemed almost to choke up the little settlement, as the river was choked up by the dreary mangrove flats. About fifty houses, a church, school, a post-office, three stores, and' a public-house dignified by the name of the Mahiarangi Hotel, were built close by the low shore, and this was about the sum-total of Mahiarangi proper. The township was neatly laid out ; manv little gardens were full of bright-coloured flowers ; large orchards, and a vineyard or two had been planted. Directly before the Mahiarangi Hotel was a narrow strip cf pebbly beach, the only dry spot in an expanse of very soft mud, and here were assembled a large proportion of the inhabitants watch ing the arrival of the steamer, an event of great importance in their monotonous lives. There was a quietness about the place almost amounting to stagnation, and also a sleepy, world-forgotten appearance ; the trees scarcely moved in the languid air, and a softblue.haze veiled thedistant landscape; and the unsightly mud-flats, between which the river trickled to the sea, were streaming and baking beneath a hot sun. Frank looked upon all this with rather a spiritless air ; he felt troubled at the downfall of his expectations, and he had been much disquieted by the slight account of Mahiarangi Mr. Bingham had given him, and also by the fact he had discovered that Mr. Sherwood was quite unknown in Auck land. He had gone do wn to Mahiarangi, consoling himself by reflecting that it was hardly likely those he had met in Auckland should chance to be acquainted with the parti cular person he wished to find. The fact that he had received so letter, nor heard anything from hiB friends through his mother's note, must have reached Auckland long before his arrival, did not trouble him so much ; he knew that Mr. Sherwood had never corresponded regularly with his relations in England, and he was aware that unless matters had greatly altered, he would receive a hearty wel come, come when he would. His mother had been brought up in the same house with this Mr. Sherwood, more as a sister than as a cousin, in which relationship she stood to him. She was poor, and marrving one who was not much richer, a lieutenant in the Indian army, was left a widow a few years after her marriage, with but a small income. Her cousin was rich, and had also obtained a fortune by his wife. He was generous even to prodigality, and not only helped Mrs. Millet herself, but promised that he would provide for her son. Mr. Sherwood dissipated more than half his for tune, and then determined to go out to New Zealand and use the remainder as a capital to start sheep farming with. He did not forget his second cousin Frank, and it was arranged that, as soon as the bov had left school, he should join them in the colony. For the first few years after his arrival in New Zealand, Mr. Sherwood's letters to his cousin were written in a strain of the most extravagant praise of the countrv, and continued to remind her of the promise regarding Frank. But after a while his letters grew fewer and less communicative as regards himself ; and after the death of his wife they had entirely ceased. Mrs. Millet had continued to write occasionally, * though receiving no answer ; and as her relative had alluded to Frank in his last letter, in a manner which she thought indicated he had not changed his mind, she dispatched her son on his long journey without hesitation ; first of all writing to announce his departure. These circumstances being explained, wo will return to Frank. The Comet had run aground four times that morning, so it will not excite surprise when we state that at 12 o'clock she was not yet at Mahiarangi. Just when the steamer had laboured to within five hundred yards of the wharf, she ran aground again, and remained firmly fixed, the tide falling rapidly. The steward seized this favourable conjunction of circumstances to summon all the passengers to dinner, by violently ringing a large bell, and administered to such as would eat of it another half-crown meal — the third during the short passage. It was after this that the captain got out the boats, and proceeded to have the passengers rowed to the wharf, there being no hope of the Comet getting off before 6 o'clock this evening. While the first boat-loads were getting off, and Frank was standing on deck waiting for the next trip, he bethought himself of asking a settler, with whom he nad already had some conversation, if lie was acquainted with Mr. Sh'orwood, and could inform him how to reach hi6 farm. ' Know Mr. Sherwood ? ' said that person, a tall strong looking man, with a sunburnt good-humoured face, ' 1 used to know him well when he was able to get about.' ' Able to get about ? Is Mr. Sherwood ill at present ? ' asked Frank anxiously. ' So ill that I'm afraid he'll never be anv bettor hero below. He's quite broken down by trouble and hard work.'' ' I know that Mrs. Sherwood's loss was a great blow to him,' said Frank. ' Ah, you may well say so, but that wasn't all, and he wouldn't have lost her but for his other troubles.' ' Will you tell me all you know about them ?' said Frank. ' My mother and Mrs. Sherwood are cousins, and yet we have heard very little of them for years.' ' Indeed ! ' said the settler, looking more closely at Frank. ' Now then, as you're a relation, I need not be afraid of speaking about their affairs to you. I've been very sorry for the Sherwoods, sir. I came out in the same ship with them, and Mr. Sherwood helped me on at the first here when he was well to do, They said ho brought ten or twelve thousand pounds out with him ; but, bless you, it was soon spent. I never saw such a choice for land as that man had— begging your pardon, sir. He bought such a wretched place that his sheep actually starved to death on it. He didn't live there himself, but stayed in the town, and spent a great deal, and lived very high, keeping lots of servants, and riding in his carriage ; not but that he'd a right to do so ; every one could see it was what he had always been accustomed to ; but it was uncommon expensive times in Auckland then, and the money just melted like wax. Well, it did not last long ; very soon he came to the end of it, and then he was completely ruined, and everything he had was sold to pay his debts. I've heard say that his own brother was mixed up somehow in the affair, and that poor Mrs. Sherwood went to him and begged and prayed for nim to help them ; but he wouldn't though he was rolling in money, and so they lost evetything, and came down hero with hardly a penny to bless themselves with. You see this farm belonged to his wife somehow ; she'd bought it when they first came to the colony and they used to spend the summer here sometimes. So the lawyers couldn't lay their claws on it, and it was a home for the poor things. Well, in all my life, I never saw such a family set up to farm. Mrs. Sherwood was a born lady, and so was her mother-in-law, the old lady ; and neither of them had ever been used to soil a finger. And Mr. Sherwood, he'd no more idea what to do, or how to do it, than a baby. They lived next to me, so I used to go across and put him in the way of doing things ; and my Susan, 6he'd look in now and then, and help tho poor crea tures in the house. It wasn't long before Mrs. Sherwood fell ill, and no wonder, she wasn't fitted for the hard work ; but all the same, she wasn't afraid of putting her hand to anything. She died about two years aftei they came here, and then poor Sherwood began to give way, his health got worse and worse ; and last summer he had an accident while felling a tree, and lost the use of his limbs, and he's never been quite right in his head since.' 'I am very grieved to hear this,' said Frank. 'Not a word of this ever reached us.' And these words only feebly expressed his distress of i mind, and in hi6 sorrow for the misfgjtunes of Mr. Sher wood, who had been to him and his molfier in the old days a kind friend, he thought but little of his own disappoint ment. But what, after all, was he to do ? Go on, lie said to himself after some thought ; at any rate he must not go back without seeing for himself how it was with this unfor tunate, but once so highly-favoured, family. ' Can you tell me how I am to get to tho farm V ' he asked the settler. ' Well, I'll give you a lift in my dray if you like. I'm going on that road, and itwill save youarough walk.' This offer Frank accepted. Now getting into the last boat with Garret — so the settler was named — they were rowed to the wharf, and both stepped on shore together. Garret now proceeded to look about for his dray, which he expected to be in waiting. The approach of this vehicle was soon announced by a frightful din as it came down tho road, driven by his eldest boy. ' Now, Mr. Millet,' said Garret, ' I'll be ready in half an hour, as soon as I've got my things off the steamer,' and he proceeded to discover the whereabouts of several purchases he had made while in Auckland, such as two saddles, a new plough, and some other implements of hus bandry, while Frank inspected the architectural beauties of Mahiarangi. Garret's half-hour was a long one, and Frank had ample time for his purpose ; and when he had walked up and down the long street and the two cross ones that formed Mahia rangi, for what seemed to him to be an age, the rattling and bumping of the heavy dray behind him was a welcome sound. Garret had got Frank's luggage off the steamer as well as his own, and now offered him a seat on a candle box, in what he said was the least shaky part of the dray. A strong heavy draught horse drew this chariot along with thundering noise over the uneven road; but with really astonishing speed considering the weight of the load. Of all; the drives that Frank had enjoyed, this was certainly the most extraordinary. The road, almost impassable all through the winter, had been suddenly mended by the Mahiarangi Highway Board, just on the approach of dry weather, with scoria stones, mostly the size of a roan's head. Everyone knows what an easy road this kind of scoria makes, and the further they went from the township, the larger the stones seemed to become. At last Frank could bear it no longer, and jumping down, declared that he would walk were the distance twentymiles. ' Not quite so far as that,' said Garrett, with a laugh. ' There's the house,' indicating with his whip a building some distance'off, on the edge of the great bush that stretched away before them further than the _ eye could reach. Immediately behind the house rose a high range covered with dark green forest whose gloomy tints were relieved here and there by some handsome trees, white as a sheet with blossom — eo white as to be seen for miles — a beautiful Olearia then in flower, and also by the paler green of the fem trees growing in die deep gullies. Behind this tber* was a still higher range, so tar off as to appear a dark blue in the distance, and as densely wooded as the firet.^ They had croDsed the hill« behind the settlement by this time, which Krai;!:, when Tit-wing tbem from the s tenner, had thought to be also overgrown with forest, but now found they were covered with tall fem and tea-tree scrub, with taller growth and damps of cabbage-trees in the lower parts. Now they had descended into a lower and less broken country — a wide valley, in fact, shut in to tbe north bv the ranges behind Sir. Sherwood's house, and towards the south terminated by the high land near Mahia rangi . II err- the aspect of the scene was more attractive. Many settler*' houses were to be observed sprinkled over the long valley, and there was some extent of land under cultivation. But to the northward, in the direction of the Sherwoods' fann. little else but forest could be seen, and that far more worthy the name than any Frank had hitherto observed. Garret began to be very communicative, and conversed freely with Frank, who now walkfed by his side, and asked him a question he had answered innumerable time* during tJie last week. ' And how do you like New Zealand, Mr. Millet V' ' What I have seen of it I like very much ; but I have hardlv bad time to form an opinion yet.' ' tV'cil, I've been here twelve years,' said Garrett, 'aud it's eleven since I came to Mahiraugi. I can't say that JSew Zealand has answered all liiv expectations, but I've no reason to complain. I make a much better living than I ever could do at home.' ' Then j ou wouldn't go back agaia if you had a chance r' ' Go back Go back to fifteen shillings a week ! No. I rather think not. A man like roc. Mr. Millet, living- in England, wouldn't have two hundred acres of his own. It's a rough life, bush farming, but the land's our own, and '.we .owe no man a penuy. Now he must be a poor fellow, in my npinion, that can't get on, and. save money too, in this i ountrv, or any other, when he lives rent free and has no debts to trouble him. We produce nearly every thing we v :mt, and now the Government have given us good schorl for the children, I wouldn't change places with any man.' ' Bin all do not succeed, I suppose.' 'No, of course some men can't succeed anywhere, and then si.nie are unfortunate, like poor Mr. Sher wood.' ' How dn hip family live now that he is unable to support them '- ' asked F rank. 'How they have lived sometimes, no one knows but themsehes. Hut the girls do all the work about the place, and iieep the others pretty comfortably, consider ing.' 'The girls!' exclaimed Frank. ' Why, they must be quite children yet.' ' Oh no,' said Garret ; 'the eldest daughter's seventeen or eighteen I s-hould think, and she has managed every thing and looked after the other children since her mother died. Why, if I were to tell you half what she and her sister have done, you wouldn't believe me ! They've worked as hard as men almost, and a good deal harder than some lar.y iellows about here.' ' Upon my word,' said Frank, 'you astonish me more and more . I came out to learn farming with Mr. Sherwood, and never knew till this day that his circumstances had changed for the worst.' ' I'm afraid it's very little farming you'll learn on his place now,' said Garret, ' and you wouldn't have learnt much with him at any time. But we're nearly there now, and you'll see for yourself.' And the dray stopped before a dilapidated wooden gate in the post and rail fencing of a large field of rank grass, amongst which fern was growing and apparently gaining the upper hand in some parts, ana where also many a stump, ^rey with age, peeped up amongst the herbage. Beyond this field, standing before au old clearing, a wilderness of stumps and logs, through which young trees were growing up again, stood the house, looking as ancient and weathcrbeaten as any house Frank had yet seen in the colony. . ' There, that's the place,'' said Garret. ' Three hundred acres of fine land as any in New Zealand, not more than half of it bush. That's the oldest bouse in Mahiarangi. A j man named Kelly built it, and cleared a good deal of the land, nearly tw'entv vears ago now, when there wasn't another setiler in Mahiarangi. Poor Sherwood didn't do much when he was here ; he got that piece cleared behind the house, and it looks as if it would soon go back to bush again.' So saying Garret drew up agaiu, at the gate before the house. CU&I'TGU V. Mr. Kichard Sherwood, M.G. A., sat in a room he was j pleased to call his study, but which might have been more fit tingly denominated his smoking-room. In this apartment, to which the odour of tobacco always clung, and always would cling now after years of almost daily fumigation, he spent the happiest portiou of his time, puffing up clouds of smoke towards the ceiling, and occasionally, but only that, for his abstemiousness in this respect was praiseworthy as it is rare among old colouists — sipping a glass of something stronger than water. At this moment he was indulging in that little refreshment, for it was a time of unusual good humour and self-congratulation with hinr, since he was now entitled, fur the first time during his many years' resi dence in the colony, to the atlix M.G. A. It was not the first time, however, that he had laboured for this distinction ; far from it.: his name had often appeared in the columns of the local papers as a candidate for popular favours ; and large requisitions had also been got up piaying that he would devote some of his valuable time in working for the good of his fellow-citizens, by adorning a Beat tin the General Assembly, though slanderous people would assert that Mr. Sherwood himself had been the most active, person of all in bringing forward these same requisi tions. Still it had been evident for years that Mr. Sherwood was desirous of offering himself up for liis country, but some thing untoward had always intervened hitherto to prevent the consummation of the sacrifice. One great obstacle to bis success was that, though remarkably clever at making money, he could not, for the life of him, make a speech. No matter how often he wrote it out, learnt it by heart, and rehearsed it by himself in quiet places, the moment he con fronted an audience, his ideas were scattered to the four winds. Then there .were always some ugly anecdotes cropping up at election times — stories of the early days of Mr. Sherwood's residence in New Zealand, long before the advent pf law and justice in the colony — a period of his life which it was supposed would not bear close exami nation. and his opponents made the best use of these little anecdotes and industriously circulated them among the people. But at last his efforts had been crowned with success, and he had been returned by the constituency of Milford with a majority of three votes. How much the contest cost bim was a profound secret. Milford was a email town with a preposterous number of public-houses, considering the amount of its population. Mr. Sherwood owned the greater part of the«e, and therefore it may not be surprising that the licensed Victuallers' interest was on his side, and that on the nomination and polling days beer and spirits flowed like A river, and electors were unusually thirsty, though the weather was by no means warm. There was some delicate management of the Maori vote, and the discomfited candi date's party affirmed that certain deceased persons were so penetrated with a sense of Mr. Sherwood's merit, that they rose from their tombs to record their votes for him, while othere were wafted up in the nick of time from extra ordinary distances and all kinds of out-of-the-way places. Whatever these maligners of Mr. Sherwood might say, there could be no doubt that he was at length an M.G.A., and if he fulfilled all the promises made to his constitutents in his published address, Milford would be indebted to him till the end of time. He had studied May's ' Parliamentary Practice ' evereince'the'election, and was determined to dis tinguish himself in the House. But now be is attentively considering a letter written in an exceedingly small and delicate hand. Two photographs, one of a lady of middle age, with a gentle and refined-look-^ mg face, a widow's cap resting on her fair hair, the other of a young man, evidently her son, are lying on his table. This letter Mr. Sherwood was now reading, with some thing like a sneer on his countenance, a harsh-featured face that jipver looked very pleasant, even in his most amiable moods, ' Yeiy affectionate,' he remarked; ' not intended for me, that's certain . Oh, no, you wouldn't write a letter like that to me, Mrs. Millet, and you didn't imagine I should see this when you wrote it. 'I can't imagine how it has come toroerither. Ourinitialsarethesazne, of course; but there's Mahiarangi on the envelope. It must have been sent up to the saw-mill, and then forwarded on here, I suppose I ought to pout it to them,— on second thoughts I won't ; I'll write to ilre. Millet ; it would be folly to s?nd the boy up there, and I've half a mind to do something for liiiu myself.' Mr. Sherwood here looked at the photographs again, and for fome time. 'Just like what poor Millet used to be at his age.' he said. ' bat an age it seems since we were ail children together at the old place ! What vears and years ! : '? Well, if I'm going to answer'this, I'd 'better do it at once, before something puts it out of my head.' And Mr. Sherwood reached out for a dastv and splashed inkstand, wherein several drowned flies were floating — seized a quill pen and scrawled off a letter of about a dozen lines : all bis epistles were bnef. But so particular was he about the wording of this letter that he wrote it no less than three times. Finally he sealed it up with a look of relief, and laid it on a pile of others ready to be posted, and then care fully put Mrs. Millet's letter and the portraits awav in his cabinet. ' I suppose she'll accept my offer,' he pondered ; ' she's sure to do so, when young Mr. Frank makes his first report of Mahiarangi . No doubt he'll be here in a few months time. 'Well, I'll do my best for him. I oujrht io help him almost. Caroline was about my ouiv friend whea I was at home, till my amiable step-mother set her igainst me too. Now, who is that r '' The sound of wheels on the gravelled path interrupted these meditations. Mr. Sherwood went to the window and looked out. A buggy, in which were seated a very little gentleman, aud an imposing-looking lady, stout, 'black- eyed, and of florid complexion, was approaching the house, drawn by an emaciated horse whose life appeared to hancr by a thread. ' Boosey and Mrs. Boosey,' ejaculate 1 Mr. Sher wood with a groan. ' They were here only hist Wed nesday. Really the affection of my relations is overpower ing.' Saying which he left his snuggery and proceeded to rcceive his visitors in his usual sitting-room, such a shabby looking apartment, that no one would have formed an idea of the owner's wealth from its appearance. Mrs. Boosey was a lady of high birth ; at least she always gave people to understand as much, and no one was able to gainsay it. She was taller than her husband by two inches, and overshadowed him so much in everything that all regarded her as the virtual head of the family. Mr. Boosey was'pale, small, and attenuated to a painful degree ; his long, hay-coloured whiskers and hair floated in the wind as he walked along, and gave him a wild and unearthly appear ance. He did what Mrs. Boosey toldhim to do, and spoke when he was spoken to. Not that Mrs. Boosey tyrannised over him, or that poor Mr. Boosey was harshly treated by her. On .the contrary, no one would have been more shocked at such a state of affairs than this Iadv. Her conduct was always admirable, and if she ruled 'with au iron hand it was encased in a velvet glove, and Mr. Boosey was not aware of his subjection. Mrs. Boosey in outward demeanour was a model to all married ladies, always addressed her husband in the most mellifluous tones, and appeared to defer to him on every question ; and in the peaceful and orderly management o'f her household she was without a rivnl. A sister of this lady, but greatly differing from her in ap pearance, had married Mr. Sherwood. He had, however, been left a widower nowfor some length of time. This alliance had given Mrs. Boosey a footing in another house beside her own, and 6he had ruled both till the decease of her sister. Mr. Sherwood, however, was never so entirely subdued as I she had anticipated. She found that he had a mind of his own, and allowed no interference with his affairs, nor even would he listen to advice concerning them, and Mrs. Boosey was very fond of giving advice. Ever since the death of her sister, she had felt her influence over Mr. Sherwood on the wane, or feared that it was ; and now she redoubled her affectionate solicitude towards her brother-in-law. To ?comfort him in his loneliness, she would call in at least ?twice a week, and at other times send her youngest son to call upon him, who was popularly supposed to have a veiy good chance of inheriting his uncle's fortune. These fre quent visits seemed to produce no effect on Mr. Sherwood; he disliked to see visitors, with the exception of one or two favourites of his, unless they came on business ; and the ;Boo8cys were by no means dear to him. Notwithstanding their relationship, he behavtd invariably in the same manner, and now responded very coldly to the many tender inquiries after his health, and* the gentle reproaches be stowed on him for his neglect of his relations. ' My dear Richard,' said Mrs. Boosey, ' you look pale: I am sure the excitement about your election has tried you severely.' 41 Nonsense, nonsense !' said Sherwood. ' What excite ment was there V You know I never expected to get in.' ' 1 cannot tell you how pleased we all were,' continued , Mrs. Boosey. ' My dear boys were quite boisterous about it, and Gus has talked of notliing else ever since.' . ' ' Really, I was.not aware I had 'excited such interest in vour family,' said Mr. Sherwood, turning now to Mr. Boosey, who had lisped out his congratulations at the same time as Mrs. Boosey, but his speech had been drowned by her voice ; Mrs. Boosey often ignoring other persons' claim's to a share of the conversation ; but then this was almost the only breach of etiquette she was ever guilty of. Mrs. Boosey continued : ' I read your speech, every word of it. Beallv. Richard, you are quite an orator. I have been told by several persons that it produced a great effect.' So it had ; but not in the way Mrs. Boosey meant. Mr. Sherwood's appearance had been the signal for au outburst of noise that had rendered it impossible for a word of his speech to be heard. And so may personal remarks aud uncomplimentary allusions had been hurled at bis head by the excited lower orders of Milford, that he had been glad to beat a hasty retreat ; secretly vowing he would never attempt to address the populace again. Some recol lection of this, and also of having seen Gustavus Boosey among his audience distinguishing himself by making as much noise as any two other persons there, caused Mr, Sherwood to feel a little huffed at this reference to his un appreciated oration. But it had appeared in the Milford Chronicle the next morning, with 'cheers,' 'tremendous applause,' 'loud and continued cheering,' &c.. inserted here and there, and | he had read it over himself and resolved that in future, if he had anything to say to his fellow-citizens, it should be communicated in that way. ' 1 don't expect to shine as an orator, Mrs. Boosey,' he replied, drily, ' it's not in my line. You might make' some thing out of Gus, though ; if any boy ever had the gift of the gab, he has.' ' Gustavus inherits his dear papa's fluency of speech,' said Mrs. Boosey. '? Really, really, my dear,' said Mr. Boosey — he was a most silent porson except when away from his wife ; in her company he seldom spoke, but prepared to listen with rapt attention, thinking what a wonderful woman he had married. But the praise that pleases most of all Is that of some good quality or talent we are not fortunate enough to possess, and Mr. Boosey smiled feebly and swallowed the : compliment. 'I know you do not often favour us with much of your eloquence, my dear,' said Mrs. Boosey. ' The talent is latent, it has not been developed, but it is there.' | ' No doubt of it,' said Sherwood, smiling his usual sour smile. ' Mr. Boosey, you ought to be in the Asssmbly.' ' But, do you think,' remarked Mr. Boosey, ' that one need be a great talker to be of use there ? I am of the opinion that there arc other qualities far more im portant.'' Wonderful ! Here was Mr. Boosey expressing an opinion, a thing be hardly ever ventured to do. Mrs. Boosey hastenea to correct him at once. ' I cannot agree with you, Bartholomew,' she observed. ' A man who can influence others by his eloquence is far more likely to rise to eminence than one who does not possess that talent, however useful he may be in other ways.' ' Eminence ! yes,' said Mr. Boosey, ' but will he be more likely to do' more good than another because he can speak better j1' ' 1 see what you mean, Boosey,' said Mr. Sherwood^; l- you admire unobtrusive goodness and industry, the ' violet ' neath a mossy stone,' and all that.' ' Beautiful ! beautiful!' said Mrs. Boosey ; 'my senti ments are the same as thow that, — fch ! Tennysoa, — or was it Byron 'r — has expressed in that charming line you have just quoted; but what would, become of the world if we were all violets 'neath mossy stones 'Why, there would be less talking and boast ins:, and more work done,' said Mr. Sherwood. 'I wish my ser vants would be more unobtrusive. I taught my abigail reading my letters yesterday.' ' D-ar me, Richard,' exclaimed Mrs, Boosey. ' now, that reminds me of what I've intended to say to you for mid:p time. It is ridiculous trying to manage as you do. You must' have tome respectable person as a housekeeper. I have heard of one.' ' Indeed, I fear I shall always be in your debt ; but I don't like housekeepers ; they do nothing, and require ser vants to wait on them. Besides, I have already tried one of vour recommendation. You remember Mrs. Long, who used to give little parties to her friends when I was out of the wav, and abstracted most of the table-clotlis at the last:'' ' I was imposed upon there, I must confess. She wafc a woman utterly devoid of principle, and had the effrontery to ask me for 'a reference when she left. But this time I know I shall suit you. Your position, Richard, requires that you should have some capable person to manage your house. 'Now, the person I referred to— the lady I might say— is quite fitted for that : she is of a most respectable family, and has seen better days.' ' Of course, they all have. But who is the paragon \\ ' ' A Miss Gorethorpe; she has not been here long. She was at Auckland for a few weeks, and. not finding employ ment there, came down here to Mrs. Kilmore, who, I believe, is a relative of hers. From what Mrs. Kilmore has told me, she is looking for a situation as housekeeper or com panion ; her manners are very superior.' ' Manners, never mind the manners ! Can she keep the sen-ants in order, and prevent the frightful waste they seetn to delight in r ' ' Well, that of course can only be found out by trial ; but, judging from appearance, I think she will suit you very well.' ' I have no -objection to have my house niauaged pro perl}-, if it can be done,' said Mr. Sherwood. ' It has been in a disgraceful state lately — nothing in its place, and meals at all times. If Miss Gorethorpe is not a meddlesome pry ing person, and will see after those things, you may engage her at once.' ' Well, to tell you the truth, I have already mentioned it to her. I felt certain you would agree with me.' 'Oh, certainly,'' said Sherwood, perceiving that Mrs. Boosey had settled everything before asking his opinion. ' Miss Gorethorpe,' said Mrs. Boosey, ' will be able to enter on her situation by the beginning ot next month. She asks £100 a year.' ' I gave fifty to Mrs. Long,' said Sherwood, ' and that is plenty for my housekeeper.' ' But consider the difference. Mrs. Long was a common uneducated woman, while Miss Gorethorpe belongs to a good .family. Mrs- Kilmore assured me that Sir Gilbert Goreihorpeis her fifth cousin.' ' I don't care if he's her twenty-fifth cousin,' said Sherwood ; ' she shan't keep