CHAPTER VlY. Mrs. Abbott's parties were invariably brilliant and successful, so as a natural consequence they caused no ordinary amount ofpleasureable excitement. With the solitary exception of Mark Single ton, all the invited guests were looking forward with the keenest delight to the evenings enjoyment. He, however, was by no means in the mood for taking part in such festivities. During the week just elapsed he had found the task of playing the lover far more irksome than he had imaginable it possible for it to be. Kate's perfect faith in him touched him deeply; but, at the same time, her many innocent manifestatibns of affection palled upon him. How forcibly he felt the wisdom of the old Athenian sage, who, when asked what was the most ungracious thing in the world, replied,-unwelcome caresses. A violent cold prevented Mrs. Danvers from accompanying Kate and Mark to Mrs. Abbott's party, as originally intended, and so the young people went alone, an arrangement more agreeable to Kate than it was to her fiance. - ' Fow rough my hair is!' she ex exclaimed, with a conscious blush, as she caught sight of herself in the mirror hanging in the ante-room at Mrs. Abbott's. 'I really cannot present myself in such untidy trim; I must put myself to light. Wait a moment for me, Mark, 1 shall be back again directly. And remember, you have promised not to dance with Conusin Kate.' And as she spoke she passed into the adjoining dressing-room. The soft and dreamy strains of a popular waltz came upon Mark's ears. A velvet curtain over a doorway alone divided him from the apartment in which the dancing was going on. With an air of listless curiosty he drew it slightly on one side; as lie did so another hand was laid upon the curtain by some one who was about to quit the ball-room. The next moment he found him=elf face to face with Cousin Kate. fow supremely lovely she looked! Glad in some gauzy material of sea green hue, she seemed the realization of a poet's dream of an ocean goddess of old times. Her arms and neck gleamed like" polished ivory-a flush 

 was on her cheeks-a brillant sparkle in her eyes. 'Why, Mark!' she ejaculated, holding out her hand, ' how you startled me I I have not seen you for an age! Naughty boy! why did you not come and offer f your congratulations? Is it because Miss Danvers has the monopoly of your time?' Then, without waiting for Mark to make her any reply-which in good truth he was too agitated and confused to do-she went on quickly: ' See; this delightfnl waltz is nearly over; but we shall just have time for one more turn round the room. Come.' And before he knew where he was or what had happened, Mark found that vision of beauty reclining in his arms-her soft touch upon his shoulder -her warm breath upon his neck. Intoxicated-lelirious with happiness -Mark no longer knew or cared for anything, but abandoned himself to the pleasure of the moment. Then, with a crash, the music ceased; that waltz was over. Panting, flushed, and smiling, never, Mark thought, had his beautiful cousin looked so lovely, and at the same time came the agonising thought that she was lost to him for ever-a double barrier stood between them. ' But is it really too late?' he asked himself. ' Was there not time even now to change the current of the future?' His brain felt dizzy. The image of his betrothed rose up before his mental vision, but he resolutely put her from his thoughts. `Kate,' he said, hurriedly, in tones of suppressed passion, 'you were, I think, about to leave the room when I encountered you. Will you accept my escort?' She placed her hand upon his arm; Mark felt it flutter as it rested there. Was she, too, thinking of,and regretting, the irrevocable? He drew aside the velvet curtain, and they entered the ante-room together. He looked around it quickly, and gave a sigh of relief upon finding the apart ment empty. 'For whom was that sigh ?' asked Cousin Kate, half in earnest, half in jest. 'For you!' he answered, in a voice hoarse with suppressed vehemence; and then. carried away by the intensity of his passion, he in a torrent of burning words poured out the story of his over whelming love. In vain she tried to check his speech. His pent-up love had burst its bounds and carried all before it. 'Don't refuse me, Kate,' he said, almost choked with emotion. 'don't refuse me! put aside the past! Be mine! be minel' ' Good Heavens, Mark!' she ejacu lated, 'are you mad? Surely you must know how doubly dishonorable it is of you to speak so to me now? Not a word more! Remember I am plighted to another !' 'How could you be so false, so heart less, to pledge yourself to another, when you knew that I-I only had your love?' 'Mark, are you mad or deaming? Let me go. If you loved me as you say you do, why ask Kate Danvers to be you wife?' ' That can be easily explained. It has its origin in a mistake. Yes-I repeat it-a mistake. The offer of marriage which she received was in tended for you; but by some accursed mischance-how it can have happened I know not-the letter was place in the wrong envelope. But I do not love her-I cannot love her.. I have tried hard to do so, but it is in vain. The affections will not yield themselves sub servient to the will!' The last sentences fell like the knell of doom upon the ears of poor Kate Danvers. Onreturning from thedressing room she found to her surprise that Mark was not where she had left him. Feeling pained a little, but far indeed from guessing the truth, the idea naturally occurred to her to draw aside the curtain and peep into the ball-room. Then she felt her heart cease its pulsations-a suffocating sensation filled her throat-her life's blood seemed to turn to ice-for, despite his promise, Mark was dancing with his consin; and worse still, she could read in his whole expression that "her Mark," as she called him, loved .the girl he was then clasping in his arms. Blinded, heartbroken, Kate groped her way to the dressing-room close by. It was unoccupied, but she knew it not. There was a large arm-chair near the door, and into this she sank, almost, if not quite, insensible. She struggled hard, for she had now but one desire : to keep out of Mark's way-to get home unperceived. Of Mark's passionate declaration of love she had heard or comprehended little. But she regained possession of her hear faculties in time to those concluding sentences, which explained how it was she had received the letter which had filled her breast with so much joy. A scream rose to her lips; but with a supreme effort she subdued it, and summoning all strength, she sped out of the dressing-room by another door. (To be Continued.) A daring attempt has been made to blow up the Dublin detective ofices. GCeorge Young, aged 20 years, has been killed in a mine at Carisbrook. Hndreds of acres of timber have been destroyed by a bush fire in the neighbor hood of Scarsdale. A dreadful accident occurred on Wednes day, at Newcastle, N.S.W. A railway guard got one of his legs entangled in the wheel of a truck, and the limb was torn completely from its socket. An Argus telegram states that crimes of violence continue to be of frequent occur rence in Ireland. A youth, 18 years of age, living in Sydney, has been arrested for illusing his mother. He struck her in the face, knocked her down, jumped uplon her, and then threw her out of the house. Nice boy. A Lisensed Victuallers association has been formed at Newcastle. N.S.W. A nugget weighing 153 oz. 17 dwt. has been unearthed at Temora. A boy named Arthur Walsh, living at Preston, was admitted to the Melbourne Hoepital on Wednesday, suffetiag from injuries caused by a kick from a horse. The rainfall at Port Darwin for the present season has been limited, and far below the average. The Hawthorn Council has consented to the Bill prepared by the Mebourne Tram way and Omnibus Company, for presenta tion to the House next session.