MY LIEE IN TWO HEMI SPHERES. ? -* ? BY ..THE HON. SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY, K.C.M.G. r ' ?????;??????-?? CHAPTER III. A PROVINCIAL CAItEEH— BELFAST. {Continued.') In Belfast, which was pronounced solid for the Union, a weekly Repeal meeting was held as re gularly as in the Corn Exchange. There was a large anti-Repeal majority in the town, no doubvbut the middle-class Presbyterians were not Orangemen, amd. might be won to love their country as of old. Provided always we taught them to' respect us ; otherwise never. , . ,, The Orange Press was furious, but no longer con temptuous. A single extract will suffice to indi cate the. new spirit which. the movement awoke. ' The Vindicator' (screamed the Noiitjiekn Standard)' is to be found in every hamlet ; it haa become the oracle of the peasantry, and the nrir.ual of respectable Romanists.' But a more memorable and significant impression was made outside the province. The National leader was naturally de lighted with this unexpected temper of the hostile province, and he proclaimed his satisfaction trium phantly — ??????.? 'The spirit of the North has been aroused by a free press ; that excellent journal, The Vindicator, has caused a new light to dawn upon the people of Ulster, and still continues to do incalculable service to the cause of freedom. As an illustration of what has been effected, and what we may expect in the coming struggle, I may tell you that, some time ago, not less than ninety-three meetings were held in. one day.' Returning to the subject later O'Connell declared that he would hold a provincial meeting at Belfast, at which all Ulster would be represented. An O'Connellite meeting in Belfa&t! It sounded like the announcement of High Mass in the Mosque of St. Sophia, or an Abolitionist mass meeting in Virginia. The attention of the country was uoon universally fixed on the design, and its develop ment watched with feverish anxiety. I took up the proposal cordially, but my ordinary abettors were alarmed at the project ; they believed that such a meeting would exasperate the Orangemen to frenzy, and perhaps load to open conflict. They were cer tainly more discreet than I, and were determined that O'Connell should not be allowed to run into danger. But I was persuaded that the i'oolishest bigot in the North understood that he could not in jure O'Connell with impunity while a nation stood by 'to ask the reason whj.' A provincial dinner was suggested as a compromise, and a deputation was despatched to Dublin to propose it to O'Con nell. I find by a letter to Mr. O'Hagan, who was then resident near Newry, that O'Connell, as _ the project developed, saw more clearly the objections to Belfast, and, without abandoning a Northern meeting, desired to change the venue. 'My Dear O'Hagan, — Mr. Magill and I waited on O'Connell this morning ; he will not go to Belfast, but he is most anxious to go to the North, and will visit any other town that will get up a Provincial Dinner. He talked of Deny, but there is not spirit enough there for anything of the sort. I suggested Armagh, and he said he had been talking to you of that cfty, and he thought it would do admirably. I intimated that the Primate might be too timid to countenance such a demonstration, and he said if that were the case there was nothing to do but bow to his wishes. Finally we told him, since he re garded Belfast as out of the question, we could say nothing more till we heard from you, who were about to communicate with Dr. Crolly— -that you would either write the result of your inquiry or arrive in town yourself, and that as far as we were at present instructed it would be either Armagh or nowhere. Write me on Sunday and say which hour you will arrive in town on Tuesday, and we will appoint a later hour to see O'Connell that you may come with us.— Always yours, »C. G. D. 'Dublin, Ifith April, 1841,'.. O'Hagan was against Belfast, which as a native he knew aufond, but in favour of any place else in Ulster. '?Mv '.Dear Duffy,— I had your two letters. As to fch-* first I hope we shall dine together on Tuesday, iorl go Jown to-imorrow morning to Newry and shall return by Tuesday morning's mail, by which probably you also will travel. Say if you will. 'We have four holidays at Easter. ' As ito the provincial meeting, there were great difficulties. ' I saw O'C.. to-day; ne is eager for it, I and will attend, but Belfast would not .do, just now. The e$eefc of the holding back of the Liberal Pro- ? testants would be v.ery bad. So O'C. thinks, and .declares he never thought of Belfast. Newry would , 'hardly do. There is no good place of meeting, and { there might be opposition, Indeed this is greatly to ? be apprehended anywhere. ' If there be a public ' meeting the Orangemen will pour in and at least produce awful confusion, if not something worse. ' j?ut if the thing is .to be done, I think it may best : .ipe dwe at Armagh, and I shall assist to the utmost ? .of my power. O'C. agrees' that Armagh would be the proper place, ar.d I have agreed to write to the ; Primate on the subject. I liear hp ivijl be against ; (the movement.; but as a middle measure, Q'C jpropns.es a provincial pinner, wh\\ch would save us from troublesome .intruders. 'S^e wjll 'do' 'either j thing if the Primate consents, and probably the din- ' flier, all things considered, should be held rather than the meeting. — Ever yours, Thomas O'Haqan.' Mr. iQ'Hagan did not obtain the approval of the ' Primate, and we were for a time deadlocked. Wi,th the rash confidence of a young man intoxicated with his own rhetoric, I insisted that we could and \\yould succeed at Belfast ; but when the thing was done and over I looked back upon the adventure as a man who has walked close to a precipice in the dark, and sees with amazement and thankfulness how narrowly he has escaped a catastrophe. The Tory Press probably surmised the state of affairs, and persistently defied the Agitator to visit the capital of the loyal North, and in the end O'Con nell grew angry, and resolved at all hazards to ac cept the original invitation. It will help the reader to understand the condition of Ulster at that time to note what followed. The Ulster Orangemen were vehement supporters of the law, when the .law, ?was a convenient instrument of oppression, but they treated it with contempt whenever it crossed their .; purposes or prejudices. An eminent man desired : to meet hi3 political friends in a town where they;' amounted to over 50,000, and it was determined to , resist this design by open force. To Newry, a fron- ; tier town with a large Catholic population, it was admitted he might go, but he was warned that if he presumed to pass the Orange frontier it would be at his peril. Between Newry and Belfast Orange lodges' were convoked, and the mildest measure pro posed was to clutch his horses' heads, turn them back, and hunt , him out of Ulster. After Newry was passed 'on the line of approach to Belfast, all the active magistrates were Orangemen. The first stage from Newry was Bannbridye, and the inn keeper there, obeying the political pressure, an nounsed that he would furnish no post-horses to the Agitator ; the same resolution was adopted at various stages between Bannbridge and Belfast, and it.was assumed that a sure barrier to his design was interposed. Intense anxiety began to prevail in other pro vinces lest O'Connell should suffer some gross in tuit or perhaps some disastrous injury, and I was naturally assailed for having advised so danger ous an adventure. But we had reached a point when it was more dangerous to retreat than to ad vance, for retreat meant humiliation for the Na tional leader and his party, and the preparations went on steadily.* In Belfast a pavilion was erected for the banquet, and a public meeting was an nounced for the previous day. The North was like a beehive rashly overturned ; all buzz and menace ; a muster of Orangemen was summoned at various points along the line, and the pass into Ulster was pronounced secure. But O'Connell was not so easily baffled. I received by special messenger a letter from his most confidential agent, Patrick Vincent Fitz Patrick, describing a method by which it was believed the enemy would be baffled, and announc ing the exact hour of his probable arrival in Belfast, the device to be kept a profound secret, even from the committee, till he appeared amongst us. The resourceful old man set out a day earlier than was announced, hoi ses having been ordered in the name of a gentleman who accompanied him, one cf a little band selected for the purpose of a temper not to be trifled with. He passed quietly through the enemy's picket, and arrived safely in the midst of his friends. The news spread like a bush-fire in Australia ; in an hour it was known in every corner of Belfast, and next morning throughout Ulster. From an early hour in the morning bodies of Orange men began to arrive in Belfast, and a brisk demand for tickets for the public meeting began — a demand not only from known O1 Connellites but from grim men with high cheek-bones and vigorous young fellows with purple complexions and party-coloured cravats. It was plain the meeting was to be interrupted, and O'Connell advised that it should be abandoned, the banquet supplying sufficient opportunity to meet his friends and proclaim his opinions. A placard was issued announcing that the meeting would not take place, and those who purchased tickets might have their money returned at the Vindicator office. The Orangemen were naturally in a rage, and recreated themselves by an attack on my office, in which there was soon not a pane of glass unbroken. I went immediately to the officer in command of the Constabulary, and reported what was happen ing. He was a grey-headed, saffron- coloured old satrap, who had probably never once in his life em ployed his authority to restrain Orange violence or protect Popish property. At any rate, he gave me no assistance, and seemed amazed and insulted that I should expect it. This was the way the scales of justice were poised at Belfast fifty years ago. The banquet and a levee where O'Connell re ceived his friends were remarkably successful; even the Whigs who would not go to the banquet thought fit to send a deputation to welcome him to the North as an eminent reformer. The pavilion accom modated 1500 persons, and was crowded with the flower of the Ulster Catholics and a f ew.liberal Protes tants, notably Robert M'Dowall,.a Belfast merchant, who occupied the chair. O'Connell's original pur pose was certainly attained; he succeeded in moving the entire population of Ulster from the ' Gap of the North' tp the Lough of Belfast. But the' Orange- men boasted that they would lay h.qlfl pf him pn his return journey, and swore that he would have to-run the gauntlet from theLaggan to the' Barm. But they were mistaken ; he was due at apublicfdinnerih'the North of England in a few days, and the day after our banquet he sailed for Greenock in 'a Belfast steamer, and the Orangemen saw the last of him on board surrounded by his friends. The feeling of re lief throughout Ireland was immense; nothing like it was known since he escaped the bullet of d'Esterre. No one probably felt the relief so keenly as I did when I realized too late how rash and perilous an experiment we had made. It had ended triumphantly, and I could now return to my ordi nary business. Whatever leisure I could command in so busy a career was employed in fitting myself' for the battle of life. I took up anew the education so' prematurely interrupted in my native town. The Belfast College admitted students to lectures without examination, and I entered 'the glass of Logic and. Bellos Leftjres in the session of 1811-2. My fellow-students were, for the most part lively cpuntry lads intended for; the Presbyterian ministry, who made light of logip and belles' lettres. Wben Professor Cairns .was disr) coursing on the intrinsic, relation of things, and ex-; pressed his regret that there was no convenient:; treatisa ''on relations,' one of his audience sug gested; in a muffled' voice, ' Japhet in search of a father:' 'Dr.' Henry MacCormic (*) was then prac tising his profession in Belfast and teaching bene volence and good-will with unflagging zeal. I pro bably made his acquaintance as a patient, but we soon became friends. He introduced me to new regions of thought in metaphysical speculation and to new yiews of duty towards the labouring, suffer ing people which were very welcome. In the double capacity ..ofiriend and physician he, insisted that 1 neqded relaxation, and took me into society with him for a time, but the experiment was a failure ; I was feverish with political designs, and totally indiffe rent to social success of any sort. The experiment was worth something, doubtless, but it was not worth the quantity of my treasured leisure it would consume. At that time I read incessantly, and was making acquaintance from, day to day with new regions of thought, an enjoyment beside which other recreations were tame. O'Hagan sent me Carlyle's Miscellanies, then recently published, and his daring theories moved me like 'electric shocks. It was O'Hagan who advised me to. read in the Edinburgh Review the articles of a young man named Ma caulay, who had written brilliantly on some of the great men and great eras: of English History. 1'The only poets I had known in boyhood were Moore and Burns. I now read Scott, Byron, Coleridge, and Shelley, and pitied somewhat presumptuously those who wasted their time in saloons. I made few intimacies. in Belfast ; I had not the disengaged mind and the holiday spirit in which in tiriiacies flourish. The companions of whom I saw most were two young priests — Rev. George Crolly, nephew of the Primate, and afterwards a professor of Belles Lettres at Maynooth, and Father Dorrian, iiiilater times Bishop of the diooese. The former, like his distinguished relation, was a Whig, and the latter a steadfast Nationalist. These were young men, little beyond my own age, but during my re sidence : in Ulster I was fortunate enough to make two friends among my seniors who never withdrew their confidence from, me, during a tempestuous and changeful career. One was Father Mathew. He was at that time in the first flood-tide of success in his teetotal movement, and his sympathizers in Bel fast invited him to visit the no'rthern capital and administer the pledge. The unassuming missionary made it a rule not to visit any diocese without an invitation from the Bishop of his Church, and. for some reason, which I have forgotten, the Bishop of Down and Connor would not give such an invitation. Dr. Denvir was a friend of mine, and to a Catholic journalist the Bishop of the diosese is an important factor, but I was greatly moved by the career of the illustrious friar, and I determined to take his side unequivocally. I organized a deputation of Belfast Catholics to meet him at the town closest to the frontier of our diocese, and give him a cordial wel come to the North. I afterwards attended a banquet to him in Newry, the second town in Ulster, and on that occasion broke new ground, on which I must pause for a moment, as it was practically the key note of my whole after-life. I insisted that what the Irish people wanted most was education, and that the benefactor who was giving them temperate habits might give them, and was especially bound to give them, this kindred blessing. 'When total abstinence ends,' I said, 'in re deeming a man from the vice of intoxication it stops fnr short of the point which it is capable of reaching. We have not only appetites to restrain, but great faculties to cultivate, and thelatter is not the least important portion of our duties ; for the man whose heart arid imagination are nut opened and exalted by education is no more the creature God intended him to be than if eyes and hands were wanting in his physical organization. ' You, Father Mathew, have taken from the people a sensual, material stimuiant ; ought you not to replace it by a moral stimub.nt? You have quenched one thirst ; ought you not to excite an other — a thirst which is not to be slacked in the whisky-shop but in the library or lecture-room — a thirst for knowledge ? The human mind is never idle, least of all will it be idle when healthful action is no more impeded by the paroxysms and depres sions of intemperance. It is your duty, I submit, to find it employment which will make it wiser, happier, and bettor. . , ?' HowJ(may this be done? I yensure to proposea method which, I am glad to say, has the concur rence of the illustrious guest of the evening. The teetotal societies should become not only agencies for the diffusion of total abstinence principles, but for impro.vingtbe morals and cultivating the under standing of the people. Why should not every tee total society1 have ;its lecture-room, where the artisan might bo taught the principles of mechanics, the fanner the latest improvements in agriculture, and everyone somet^ipgj -that wquld make him a better man and better, citizen? I. long to see the day when every town will have its temperance hall, and every temperance-hall its school rooms, its reading-rooms, its lecture-rcoms, its exhibition-rooms, and even its public baths and gymnasium, for the operative classes. Let the tee totaller come to. be recognized not only by his sobriety and respectability, but by his intelligence ; not only by fulfilling life's du,ties, but by enjoying life's virtuous pleasures, tijl the very sensualist is forced to confess that the way to happiness is not through the'indulgence of our passions, but through their regulation arid restriction.' Leisure is the poor man's right as much as food or clothes ; leisure to think, to read, to enjoy. But vji'$hout some friendly; aid, how are the people t,q, attain these blessings ? Many /of them, c.annot read because education' was dispo^raged by law,, and by custom, which flutlives.la.w^an4- those -who can read cannot get suable books. Ten years ago more than half the counties m Ireland; were without a bookseller's shop,- and there are still several counties in that condition, but the teetotal societies might right this grievous wrong. ?? The. chairman of the banquet was Div Blake. Bishop of the1 diocese, a'- spiritual and veneiiable old man, whose head,, it, one. encountered] him in the Great D;esert, woujd be recognized as. the head of a, Christian teaicher. Bje supported my educational! proposal cordially. We were not permitted to govern our country, he said, but we might teach it, and it is a nobler task to teach our people than to rule them. This was the second friend. From that time forth whenever I made any public proposal entitled to his support the support of the Bishop of Dromore was sure to come ; and whenever any feel ing embarrassed my public life the good Bishop, as we shall see, came to my aid. This proposal did not perish on the highway. Father Mathew after wards declared that he caused 30,000 copies of my speech to be printed and circulated among the tee totallers of Ireland. These were some of the inci dents which reconciled me to a provincial career, and left me not discontented with the use I had made of three years of my early manhood. As a political journal the Vindicator was a suc cess, but I longed to see it awaken an interest in native literature. The fragments of Celtic song ' which came down to us from the eras of resistance, often in rude translations only, had been a constant joy to me, and I was persuaded that among a race whose public festivities were always enlivened by ballad poetry; chanted by, minstrels and chiefs, song was an immense though greatly underrated force. Swift, who -was as little as possible of a Celt, seems to .have divined this passion in the race, and his political songg were almost as powerful stimulants of opinion as his pamphlets. Clarence Mangan con tributed constantly to the Vindicator, but his verses were neither epigrams nor mere elaborate . pleasantries ; his national enthusiasm and confidence were not yet awakened. 'My Dear Duffy (he wrote to me at that time);— Don't ask me for political essays just now— I have have no experience in that genre d'ecrire, and. I should infallibly' blunder. I send you six pages, 'Our Budgett,' ' Jokeriana,' ? Jokerisms,* ' Flim-flams,' and « Whim- whams,' or anything else you like to call them— isms, they are facetiu? (at least I hope so) in the American fashion, and might do for your fourth page — pray Heaven, you don't imagine they'd do for your paper altogether. If you like these, I shall 'probably improve my specimens as I go on, and shall intermix them with political epigrams ; but as to any formal political essay, I fear I am not equal to do it at all.' Some of the epigrams were pleasant specimens of what his friends in after-life came to call Mangan esque. For example : — 'Says the bell to the bell-hanger, stop, my old trout, Take your hand from my throat, let me ofl, let me out, I'll be hanged if you know what it is you're about.' Or this— ' Tell me, my men, what is his honour's name, The chief ground landlord of this wilderness? The grinding landlord you must mean, says Pat. It is the tenants who are ground, I guess.' I wrote a few ballads which I still smile or blush to encounter in collections of National verse, and T. M. Hughes did much better. Here is one of his rude vigorous songs, which glows with all the fervour that a little later inspired the ' Spirit of the Nation' : — Oh, bitter's the lot of the vanquished— 'tis still to be scoffed at and scorned ; The arms that are weakly relinquished to goads for the fallen are turned! What, dare you to call yourselves equal to those who have bound you so long ? What, dare you to look for a sequel but hate and oppression to wrong ? 'Barbarians, ill-fed and ill-clothed,' your lords are the rulers of earth ; By them know your manhood is loathed; to them know your wrongs are a mirth ! Look, bondsmen, for help to the Senate! Bleafc lambkins, and soften the wolf ! Can the drowning man's prayer for a minute pour oil on the merciless gulf ? When our shores by the Dane were invaded, brave Brian petitioned with steel ; How he scowls while his children degraded to lord* lings a blubbering kneel ! Invaded in hearth and in altar ! in language, reli gion, and blood, . Pronounced to be aliens* why falter, whose rights are all crushed in the1 bud ? Hath Heaven the fair Emerald Island to waste as a province decreed ? ' Eat your roots, ye cowed slaves, and be silent* or learn to be aliens indeed !