CHAPTER X.-FIUE AND VENGEANCE. 

 At Kolkibertoo, ou tho morning in ques tion, all was bustle ancl confusion. At daybreak Mr. King, with all tho station hands and a large contingent of helpers from N-, returned to the homestead after a night of fruitless struggles with tho fire. A smoke-begrimed and weary baud they were, and.the ladies, including Miss Stretch, worked hard at the task of providing them all manner of refreshments; but their time for rest had not yet come, for after a hasty meal and half an hour's respite, they must hasten to tho river and assist the stockman to force across tho stream such of the sta tion stock as they had boon able to muster. It was a foregone conclusion that, except in the extremoly improbable event of rain, tho fire must sweep right over Kolkibertoo during the day, and the only possibility of saving the cattle rested in forcing them to swim the river before the fire came down upon them. It was just a question whether there was sufficient time-for the perform ance of this task, aud Mr. King was in a painful state of perturbation. ? His grass he could not save ; his homestead, a ricketty structure at best, was insured for more than its value; the stock, however, there was a chance of rescuing, and so singly did he set his mind upon this one object that, but for the intervention of a comparative stranger, he would probably, have overlooked the claims of his womau-kiud to bo rescued from what would soon become a perilous position. . At the last moment he unfolded his plans for their safety. . 

 " Laura," he said, as ho rode past tho verandah on his way to tho river, " two horses are harnessed to the buggy in the stable yai'd, where they will stand ready for a hasty departuro. My papers are in tho buggy, and I Bhall come back from the river on foot by way of the lagoon ford ; it is a short cut. . You be prepared to start off with me immediately on .my return, as there may be no time to lose. There will bo no daDger for three or four hours, as at its pre sent rate of travelling tho fire cannot reach here in loss time." With these parting' in: structions, Mr. King rode after the baud of labourers who were already ou their way to 

 tho river. 

 And thus it happened that when Leo and his friend drove up to Kolkibertoo two hours later they found the ladies by themselves. No time was wasted in introductions, for Frank was an old acquaintance of the Kings; and, greetings having been ex changed, Leo proceeded to business in a manner which plainly showed that he thought tho case an urgent one. 

 " Now ladies I liavo no wish to alarm you because thero is really no danger if we act promptly, but Mr, Ax ford and I have driven over to remove yon from Kolkibertoo and I am bound to tell you that you should be ready to leave here in a quarter of an hour, or sooner if possible." 

 "But we cannot go, Mr. Morton," exclaimed Laura anxiously, " papa expects us to wait here with the bnggy until he returns ; the horses are standing harnessed and ready to start the moment he arrives. Besides, he said -the fire could not reach here for three or four hours and barely two have "elapsed as yet'. . ? 

 " No doubt," Leo replied, " Mr. King's judgement was correct in a sense, but a strong wind has risen since he made his calculation, and the :fire must bo travelling now twice as. fast as it was an hour ago. 

 "0, I do hope you are mistaken, Mr Morton. I do not know what to do! Papa said we were to "wait for him, and it would be a fearful thing if he should return on foot trusting to find the horses here and dis covered that we had driven off. Oan't we stay to the very last moment? He is coming by the lagoon track, and.niay be here at any 

 minute." 

 "Well Miss King, I consider that the last moment has already arrived; and I don't .feel justified in advising any coursa short of immediate departure. My two horses are fairly tired already and as thero will be pretty heavy loads for both traps, wo 

 shall not bo able to travel fast." 

 " Would it aot be a good plan," exclaimed Laura, catching at a now idea, " to start the tired horses off at onco with a heavy loadj then the two fresh ones, with the' 

 buggy, could remain another half hour and still have time to out-pace the fire. I dare say Frank would not mind staying with 

 to the last moment ? 

 " Oh no ; not at all!" said Frank with 

 dubious look. " If it will be any satisfaction to you Laura, chivalry demands that should wait here for the fire and fizzle 

 of existence like a devoted Spartan. I shall be delighted, I'm sure ! But look here-you say your father is coming back by the lagoon 

 track. Now if wo also take that route, 

 shall meet him in the case of his starting from the river. Don't you think that 

 good idea Leo ?" 

 " Well, yes ; itsalittlo more risky than the direct route to N-, because the for most arm of the fire is coming up the river 

 bank and by taking the lagoon track we shall recede at an angle, iustead of directly away froxn it. But I thiuk the risk may fairly run." 

 It was finally arranged that Frank, with the tired horses"and the heavier load should proceed to N-, whilst Leo, with the two young ladies, should pilot the buggv via the lagoon track to the punt. 

 .About half way between the Murray and the homestead in a direct line ther stretched a long, narrow lagoon, its"cour 

 almost parallel with tbo river, and the road which Leo was to take ran southwards, un til it reached this lagoon, then turned eastward along its northern, bank. At the point where the road struck tho lagoon, the banks of tho latter narrowed in forming 

 rocky ford, so that pedestrians or horsemen could hero leave tho main punt track, and take a direct course to the river beyond This was the only crossing place for miles on either side, and Mr. King, in order 

 roach his rc3idence after his work with the cattle, would have to cross at this point. 

 When Leo's party reached this ford tb 

 foremost arm of the bush fire, which had been driven up tho Murray by a westerly breeze, was within a quarter of a mile 

 them", on tho opposite side of, the water, or mud rather, for the severe summer had ro 

 duced it to that state, 

 .I think," said Leo, addressing Miss King as he drew up at the ford ; " that you may make your mind easy respecting your father now. He would have to cross this ford if he attempted to roach Kolkiberfcoo; and, as the lire will have passed here in a few minutes you may rest assured that, fiudiu 

 his retreat cut off, he will swim the Murray and make his escape with less trouble than ourselves, who will have to drive hard yet if this chippy wind should.sot in steady .and strong. Of course the lagoon defends us from tho lire, and there is no immediate danger. What we have to guard against is its burning around tho further end of the lagoon before we roach there, and thus get ting between ua ajid the punt." 

 Laura expressed her opinion that nothing more could be done *, and Leo was about to renew tho journoy when Miss Stretch called attention to the figure of a man approaching at a hurried pace from the south. A short scrutiny sufficed to convince the onlooker that this was Mr. King, and that he was straining every nerve to reach the ford bofore the flames, which were running over the long, dry grass at a fast rate. Ho was evidently much exhausted. The air; was suffocatingly hot and filled with stiffling gasos and smoke, and from tho moment that Leo first beheld tho distressed condition of tho pedestrian, he knew that ho could never reach the ford in time. Mr. King was. still 200 yards from the party, when the- fire swept past the ford ; and be stood stock still, like one struck powerless. Had there been sufficient water he might easily have plunged into tho lagoon, and by swimming or wading havo made his escape ; but tho deep, spewy mnd' would have smothered him at once, had ho attempted such a plan. 

 The position was critical in the extreme ; but Leo saw tho one chanco left, and, standing up in the buggy; ho shouted 

 The cave ! Tho cavo ! " 

 The hope thus excited seemed to strike fresh life into tho stupefied man, and, turn ing quickly round, ho ran with all speed towards the white wall of a hill which stood against tho lagoon, 200 yards higher up. Kultabul (wonderful) was tho aboriginal name of this hill, which seemed to have been tossed, by some strange commotion of nature, from the adjacent ranges out to the more level country, where it' stood solitary, one sido of it a steep wall of almost purely white pipeclay. Fully 100 feet up on this steep face there was a deposit of specially white clay, which those who knew of it prized much as a substitute for whiting. A track had been cut in tli9 wall, and, little by little, as tho clay was carried away a spacious cave had been scooped out of the face of the hill. At the foot of the preci pice, there was a confused heap of logs which had fallen from time to time, from the wooded summit above, and "scrambling over these Mr. King began the ascont, hav ing outpaced the fire by barely a minute. He made his way quickly up the pathway, and was about to enter the cave when a black figure moved out from the recess. It was Yuroka. Tho Wornra'chief and his hated foe stood face" to face upon the narrow ledgo. Mr. King stared at the blackfellow with an expression -which passed quickly from bewilderment to dread. He seemed uncertain whether, to retreat or advance, but tho fire was now burning with great fury in the mass of rotton logs beneath ; he faced his antagonist,.and in an instant the deadly struggle commenced. 

 .That the fight was for life, there could be no doubt. Thero was' no mistaking the purpose iu the Womra's eyes-a purpose which was vivid as light in darkness, even through tho settled blaukness of growing insanity, which lent a weird strange ness to his wild presence. As for the white man he_ kuows that whilo Yuroka lives his own existence is an uncertain thin<*. He told Sandy Forbes that " a blackfellow is never safe until ho is dead;" and if Yuroka's strength should fail him in this contest he must die like a dog or a snake. 

 Tho nature of the struggle was visible in every move and_ wrench ,* in tho fiercely set teeth and straining muscles, the look of fear 

 the gleam of triumph, tho lurchings back-1 wards and forwards, the critical strain, and 

 the suspended effort at the-extreme edge over the hungry flames. 

 The Womra was reduced in strength and , vigor by the long months of hiding and hard ships which he had lately undergone ; but on the other hand, his antagonist was already much exhausted by his exertions in escaping .the fire. The issue was uncertain. Now 

 the one, now the other, was held at disad vantage,' and forced inch by inch towards the fatal cliff; then the sight of the cruel flames beneath spurred to a final effort, and the lurch of terror brought the strugglers 

 back to the wall. 

 How about the three spectators of that fearful combat ? Their feelings must have been beyond the reach of imagination. At the outset, Leo, who occupied the front seat of the buggy, sprang to his feet, He forgot for a moment the helplessness of his position with the impassable lagoon between him and the fighters, and when the horrible truth burst upon him that he must stand aloof an inactive witness to the sickening spectacle, he turned and cas a hasty glance upon, his companions. Laura, like himself had sprung from her seat (as though she would rush to the rescue, but Miss Stretch had locked her arms around the girl's waist-and they wero transfixed thus, the one trembling and fearstrickeu, the other pale and still as "marble, - clasping her friend with resolute arms;'-'Not a word was spoken by the three who gazed upon the thrilling scene. 

 '?u'"Thtf strength of the combat was so even, 

 the struggle must have been a prolongued one, but that the great weight of the big man soon began to tell. The final tussle seemed to have arrived, for Mr. ICing had locked his antagonist in his arms., and was forcing him by his heavy weight, over the ledge. Already Yuroka's feet wore forced .to. the , sharp edge of the. wall, his body leaning out over the 5 fire UienVath. His moment was come ! His doomed sealed! Them a gleam of triumph shot suddenly into the eyes of the Womra chief ; his wiry fingers fastened on the collar of hiB feo ; he leart forward into the empty space lurching the white man from the airy platform, and in a second of time the hungry flames 

 closed on them both. 

 Meuiudie was avenged. 

 (To be Continued.)