[?] Luke Mivers' Harvest. By N. WALTER SWAN. The 'Sydney Mail' Prize Tale. Cwatter XXVI. — A Bu6h Fire and its Con sequences. The pitilessnees of cloudless summer days came oil, and the sirocco winds swept witheringly across the plains, bleaching green to sombre brown. Every tender plant was scorched and seared as day by day the bald fierce sun rode up and struck down its beat over sea and land. Every day there was the same quivering atmosphere rising from the earth, as from the breast of a furnace — the same evenly distributed sky shade of yellow to blue with sunrise and gold to grey with sunset. Cattle hid from the sky beneath friendly shades, and the great glare of the open days struck all verdure with its blight. Rolling clouds were swept up from the plains and carried seaward by luricus gusts of heated winds. Even Mindorf, with its ridges, succumbed, and the gaieties of the place died out below the tawny lassitude flung upon it by the ceaseless heat. Only out amongst the caves, where the water drippc-d eternally, and below their deep shades and their guarded freshness, was there respite from its violence. Thither Mr. Mivers used to drive, when the chrome lighj. of the sun was on the hills, to spend the day among thc arching rocks and sit in cool shadow. The morning drive and the lazy loitering aided him to pass the summer. Here he was spoken to of the past by the voices he had thought dead, and memories were exhumed and came to him filled with the doings of distant days that had faded away down from thought. He had heard ©f Fitzgeiald's engagement with Miss Mivers, and had listened in scowling impatience to the explanations of his sister-in-law. He came to blame Bryan, in his dogged way, for the misunderstanding with his son, and intimated that in no case would ho approve of tie gaining the position which he had hoped for so jealously for Luke ; it mattered not that he was searching to bring him back. Out among thc cool hills, with fragrant spots of nature round him, he denounced Bryan as the cause of ?his misfortune, and determined to frustrate his object. But he was absent, and the subject, which was seldom can vassed, was never in any case alluded to before the quie^. girl. Down from the Glenstone hills was a deep span Of scrub and timber, beyond which were the rolling lands and carpeted valleys that Mr. Mivers wished to visit. A large property was there that had been offered to him at a reasonable price, and he drove through the still trees upon the white track. The sweltering day was nearly at its full heat when he started from the rocks towards the undulating lands he desired to purchase. His coachman turned out the horses for a time while he strolled about without noticing the mists of smoke that were gathering till his attention was drawn to the frightened bays gallop ing frantically in the direction of their home, and the coachman following in vain pursuit. Then the busy crackling of a rapid conflagration told him the season's story, and the rolling waves of smoke unfolded round him their suffocating ensigns of disaster. Mr. Mivers was not then in untimbered country ; the spot where he had been ?overtaken was chosen by him for the sake of the shade till the day became cooler. There were around him withered scrub ?and prostrate branches, and beside him huge old trees that the flames would greedily catch. The air was growing dun with smoke. He tried to make for the open country which was below him, but in the tumult of tlie hissing fire and the roar of the coming surges flaming from tree to tree, and from clump to clump, like tossed spray, he juistook his direction. Trying, with all the instinct of self preservation, to quit the forest for the open, he stumbled tiresomely on along tangled cattle-tracks ; but the lake of fire was streaming after in a flood. He paused a few times, his face black with the gross ash that settled on hiin — the foam of the coining hell; and although behind him tall ?trees stood up, flaming landmarks of the passing devastation, he had to wait and gather strength ; the hootings of the pursuer rose out of the tossing fires, aud the voices were caught up and repeated by withering branches overhead. Before him was the dead silence of tlio waiting vegetation and behind the billowing scourge in all the fury of irresistible mastery. To his tiring efforts it ?seemed that the wall of fire behind was rising and burning with faster speed along the trees. The wind had risen and carried up columns of tire above the forest, andthehowliugs ?and rushings of the charging power travelled on with the wind like a coming army. At intervale big trees tottered and fell, sending up fountains of sparks. The day was getting dark, and the sun looked through it like a copper ;globe. None knew the danger bettor than Mivers. He thought pantingly of the old shepherd long ago who was found at Narrgummie in a crusted cinder, with his horn handled knife lying burnt and twisted on the bare thigh bone. On into the horrible trailers, and amongst the ?battling boughs spread at eveiy side, till his eyes grew red, and the thunder of the fire rang through his senses as though its breath had struck him, and the tongues of it were blazing on and licking him. Great red sparks' swirled past, and alighted to shoot out fresh fire from the coarse grass near his feet. Dizzy birds flew over, showing the glare on ?their breasts, and things with life that he scarcely marked ?were hurrying on abreast of and before him. He never knew how far he travelled, or how long he struggled ; his only consciousness was the constant roar growing fiercer. The face of his son came before him now, and many ghosts ?of the life that was past flitted by like shadows. They carried stories that he felt, and unrolled memories of his treachery and mercilessness. How he got past logs that 'turned hum hurriedly from his direction ; how he noticed, for the first time, that his hat was gone and his coat hanging in tatters ; how he wondered at the length of the effort he was making ; how he turned in very fear and wildness, and looked at the fire flowing on in a tide ; how he tottered aud fell with a sleepy hope that it was all over, and a painless numbness shrouding his thoughts with sounds of the fire growing distant and at last dying out — all this he recalled afterwards, but not the fact that two strong arms closed on him, and hurried him away with difficulty, though with nil speed, as a dozen blots of fire were rising round him from the falling sparks. He was borne down a steep gully and across a shallow stream, where the trees and grass were green on thc banks ; there the helpless man and the man who carried him, their faces black and their clothes but fluttering rags, rose upon the open ground, and found safety. The progress was difficult ; but it was not long till the shadow of a house was before them, and the bearer passed in, closing out the noises of the escaped danger and the glare it had spread upon the Bky. His strong arms reached above a bed, and Mivers opened his eyes on the dark room of a hut and the figure of a man dis tressed with effort and sobs, catching at his breathing ' Where am I r' . ' Don't be in sich a hurry. If I hadn't seen ye by the fire-light ye was racin from, ye wouldn't hev troubled about where ye are. Can't tell till I git breath.' The speaker soon put the fire together and had a candle burning ; both were grimed with soot flakes and clothed in rags. Mivers ?sat. up listening to an account of the manner in which he was saved, told in a few nervous sentences. ' The fire was risin about yc,' the speaker concluded, '' in a dozen places, an inakin' darts at yer grey hair ; when 1 got np I thort at first ye was smothered, andl found yer weight no joke; but it's all right now. Who are ye? I wouldn't trouble ye with the question, but peopfe with gold watches don't ' go wandcrin about the bush. The watch an chain wot I laid beside yc there was hangin to a branch over -where' ye lay.' The trial and subsequent exhaustion had weakened Mivers. He shrank from thc danger he had escaped with a terrified cowering. The thought brought the fear and the late memories which the near prospect of death hod con jured np. ' 1 don't want to know your name,' he replied in a broken voice, and he held out liis hand shaking with tho tremor of a palsy. ' I know you saved me from the worst death a man can die. You preserved me to my homo and friends — and my'soii, and to the remaining years of life that may be mine. You have all my gratitude, and you will find 1 am not ungrateful. I can affoid to be grateful, thank God, and I'm happier in knowing I can afford it than I ever did before. My name is Mivers — Mivers, of Mindorf.' He broke down nervously, and felt vaguely for his handkerchief, which, with most of his coat, had been consumed. Then he put his shaking hand on his dirty face to wipe away tears. The owner of the hut looked curiously at the man, and advised another spell till there was a pannikin of tea made. ' An I suppose, Mr. Mivers, yc know the bush well enough to know wot bush tea is. Lie down, sir, till 1 get it ready ; that'll do ye good.' Mivers could only think of his escape throughout the night. The daze and scare of the lire returning to him in vivid repetitions, and when a snatch of sleep came, and the scene recurred, he started up in bed in violent fear. His host sat with bim till dawn, and soothed him in his rough way. When the day was near at hand sleep came to bim, and he lay in blank oblivion till the noon was nearly gone ; while thus the man who carried him from the fire occupied himself in chopping wood and making other preparations about the house, only stopping at times to contemplate his guest earnestly. Mr. Mivers washed, and sat up refreshed. As for his host, he said that his blackened face was no novelty, and he should let it be. ' Hev ye thought, sir, of how yc are to get back ? I was over at thc fire this mornin, and there's the remains of yer trap, I take it, jest the tyres an spriugs an a few o' the mountings visible, that's all.' Mr. Mi vei*s had forgotten ; he had not time to think yet. 'AVell then, here's my idea. Jest write a line to yer folk, an I'll bring it an git a trap sent out for ye, supposin ye aint afraid to stay alone.' ' But it's thirty miles,' spoke the old man dolefully, thinking only of himself. ' It's more'n thirty by the road, but 1 can walk it under twenty-two. All's ready here, chopped wood and rations, an as good a damper as a man could wish for. Ye couldn't be snugger, ye see. Tho trap '11 be here this time to-morrow. What d'ye say to that r' ' You're taking a good deal of trouble, but I'll nor forget it, indeed 1 won't, as sure as my name is Mivers.' His host shrugged his shoulders contemptuously, and started on his long tramp. Mr. Mivers walked about quietly in the still cottage, where for miles around were the trees and the riding sun crossing the inexorable sky. The shadows shortened and lengthened, the fragrance of evening rose from the little stream behind, and the hills caught their twilight mantles as the beauty lingered like a left blessing. The solemnity of the woods, the mystery of the distance, the reverence that was in the stillness, and the wonderment the stars made — these seemed to give Mivers the thought that the world was closing on him, and that not far from his journeying now ' his grave was cut across.' He had struggled for wealth with remorseless hands, he had gripped her purple robe with his strong tenacious grasp; what matter that he had been dragged through the mire ; what matter that he had grovelled and bullied ? He had won the world's insignia of merit, and he in turn held others in grovel and mire as he had been. But there, in thc shades and alone, with an escaped death only gone with that one yesterday, the purples he had won with most of life and all of soul, appeared to lose their charms. He might have thought them brighter and better, perhaps, if there had been the pearl of some widow's blessing gemming the robe somewhere. He would have felt more satisfaction, somehow, below the grandeur of the questioning night, if some charity rendered, some past mercies done, some one of the many weary ones who had crossed his way during the travel of the gone time had known help from his hand rather than buffets. No voice came down to him with a tender greeting or a cheering thought. There was no memory raised to give him joy. Though villainous and vagabond poverty had been beaten and trampled, the past was as dark as the hills before him, and thc unchanging watching and waiting stars above held for him but scant consolation. His luxurious home was wait ing, it was true, but the day was nearly spent, and the night with its darkness at hand. His income was accumu lating grandly, but his son had left him in the strength of his manhood, and those who gave him service were strangers. The short prospect was blank, he had scared away hope and happiness, and he was alone. Next day the horses drove up, but the frightened coach man waited in vain for a curse and a curt order. The grimed face of his saviour looked quietly out from the silken fittings, and his figure stumbled awkwardly down from the paint and the polish of the panels. Mivers touched him familiarly on the shoulder, and asked him into his own house. ' Sit down,' he said respectfully and sorrowfully ; 'tell me what I can do for you.' ' Nothing, Mr. Mivers, we're quits, sir ; I swore once to kill ye. I've saved yer life, we're quits.' The squatter's face grew blank. He knew the past was returning again, and he feared it as he did dreams of the lire he had been snatched from. ' I'm the man, sir,' said James Brown slowly, 'wot ye giv a year's imprisonment for stealin, 'cause ye wanted me out of the way — 'cause ye thought I knew too much about her. I'm the man wot made ye give a cheque for £200 to save yourself one night, an wot ye laid the troopers on to catch me an the boy that was -with me after wc had yer promise. I'm the man, sir, wot returned ye the money (me an the boy) after ye broke yer bargain, an tried to put us in gaol. Now, sir, I've saved yer life, an feel all the better for it. I know of no man I'd rather save nor you f that's who I am, Mr. Mivers. I want no help, sir.' The speaker had one arm upon his thigh, and was looking through the leaves that crept past the door jamb, past the shining carriage and out upon the hills. He spoke with a grave calm thoughtfulness that surprised his companion. ' I have harmed you, I fear, more than I can repay. If you were the only one my course would be easy. If I could buy up my past to-day I would do it. There are others beyond that — far beyond me.' ' Aye, there's others tar beyond ye, sir.' Mivers looked wearily up. ' Tell me what I can do for you, Brown. Let the matter of the gaol pass. Can any thing he done r' ' I don't know, sir. Nothin that I knows of now.' ' This is a poor bare place, and I've money.' ' Not a poor place or a bare place tome. Look at them creepers ; look at that bit of garden ; look at the hills there. No, sir, it aint a poor place to me. I want no better.' ' But,' in a kind of supplication on behalf of his crumb ling idol, 'let me do something, Brown. I've money; money does much, you know.' 'I can't say that it do, sir; but if it do, money I don't want. I might hev a favour to ask.' ' What is it ? If Luke Mivers can do it, it's done. Let me do it,' he begged : ' tell me that you will.' ' Yes, sir, I will ; but not now. An still it aint a favor neither, but a right, that'll be all Jim Brown '11 want.' ' A right ? Well, put it in any way you please, Brown, and you'll see what amends I'll try to make for a good deal gone.' ' For the matter o' that it'll do ye good more'n me.' ' Ah !' replied Mivers with a tremble, ' your right ; it'll do me more good than you ; and hev — what about her, Brown ?' ' Not now, sir, but soon maybe.' Mivers looked sorrowfully out with all the more sorrowful seeming that his clothes were tattered and his face had brokenness in it. Out upon the day his black eyes were fixed as waiting there for the sign of some ship that had reeled down in still waters past the driving of waves or the speed of 6torm. ' But is there nothing to be done now. It would be a consolation to me. My son has left me, and I am alone, aud life wears fast,' murmured the old man. ( ' Not jest now, sir.' Brown brought in clothes for his guest who, befor e he left for the waiting carriage, turned hesitatingly, and sat down again. ' Are they all gone, Brown; all 'I mean connected with those times that— that — I might have harmed one way or another? Are there any of them left yet, in their old age, that eouie money would comfort? Not as coining from xnc, fcut from pomC one else, so that they'd help themselves. Anything I kept back or did wrongly I want to repajj over ated 'over again. Can't you remember some ot themr' Hrown shook bis bead. ' I can't, sir, the1 re all dropped, out Bomehow, an their endin's wore'nt good neither, least ways sich as I know. There's old Slater ; him wot bed his legs broke, an bis wife an daughter, maybe, starvin in Melbourne. When he came down a cripple 1 give him alt 1 could at that time, £5, but I'm afraid it was too late; the wife was in thc hospital, an the daughter drove to worse, the father said— as he sat down m the old hovel an looked at the dazzle in her face, wot had more brightness an good looks nor ever I see before. Ye never answered his letters, he said, did the old gentleman (he was a gentleman, be told me), as he sat nigh starvmancryin like a baby when I gave him the money, but he's got well to-do since, an he's no need of help, I hear. No, sir, they're all gone ; all as 1 know of.' , Mivers covered his face in bis hands, and bent low while Brown spoke in a kind of whisper. The heavy features were working when he raised them. 'You'd be doing good, Brown, if yon could find out any of them who want help— for their own sakes, and if you would not mind— thinking of me in another way now— for mine I've more than enough money to leave if my son comes back, and I can spare plenty to help them if they can be found. Will you try?' He kept harping upon this one wish with a perseverance in which lingered the mental tenacity of old and the weak ness of the present. ,,,, . . , , ' Well, sir, the most I could do would be to promise to let ye know.' ' You promise to do that?' ' Aye, I'll promise you that.' ' ' And now, Brown, will you shake hands ? Mr. Mivers held his hand out with a sorrowful, hum bled gesture, and an embarrassed look. Brown started and frowned, seeming to gulp down something in his ' Well, ye see, sir, tliis means more'n quits, and wot's tho use o' shakin hands with an old warrigal like me as has lived inside o* gaol so long ; wot good *11 it do ye, I don t see,' looking down with his brows bent ; ' wot good it 11 do ye r' ' It would have done me good, Brown, and I might have slept the pleasanter for it, maybe,' he made answer, with pain on' his face and in his voice ; ' but I know you 11 keep your promise to me.' . . ' Yes, sir: you ought to know that by this time.' He was looking steadily away, that he might not see the man before him, or the pathetic way in which the hand fell down. There was a long silence ; outside the pawing and stamping of tlie impatient horses; between the two men lay a long track of sun. Tlie shadow of death, that Mr. Mivers had passed had bent his nature and his thoughts. The night before had carried him back to remembrances that he believed long dead. He knew now that over every year his path had been laid the records lived ; the hollow ness of his vast gains, and the forlorn result of his long struggle with life, cast their gloom about him. His mammon had its hordes of worshippers, but the god was powerless to accomplish one of the desires he harboured now. ' It's gettin late, sir,' Brown said softly, ' an the road aint so easy to be found neither.' ' Yes, it's getting late, very late, I think too late. I'll go now, Btowd ; when can I see you again ? If you won't deny an old man, I'd like too see you soon.' ' Ye hov my promise.' ' I know if you hear anything ; hut to come if I send, that is not much to ask.' ' No it aint, an I'll come.' He saw Mr. Mivers to the carriage, and stood watching after it till the sounds had died beyond the reach of his hearing.