[?] Luke Mivers' Harvest. By N. WALTER SWAN. The 'Sydney Mail' Prize Tale. Chapter XXVII.— Me. Luke Mivers obtains a CLUE. Bryan Fitzgerald repeatedly wrote to Helen Mivere from Melbourne. Many of the letters were not, I fear, of a kind to interest any beyond the parties most concerned. In all, however, there were references made to the lady's cousin, and the progress of the search was duly reported.. The last which arrived after the escape of Mr. Mivers from the bush-fire was somewhat more detailed in its references. ' With some trouble I found out the ? place where your cousin lodged. He chose a clean little boarding-house, and lived, I am informed by the landlady, very economically. She paid more heed to him than to any of the other boarders, because of the settled sad look he wore. His practice was to leave about 9 o'clock in the morning and return sometimes at midnight, sometimes at 1 or 2 o'clock on the following morning. She demurred to these late hour a at first, she said, but he came in so quietly at night, and looked so worn and absent that she allowed him to take a key after the first week. A gentleman belonging to one of the newspapers, who lodged in the same house, told me he saw him at nearly all the late places in the city, and always apparently in search of some one. Hewent today gatherings and night entertainments, but in all cases show ing the same evidences of searching ; he was to be met with amongst the people when steamers or ships came in or wen^ out ; he frequented the railway platforms, but made no com ppnions as far as was known. The gentleman who gave me this information said also (and this I consider so im portant that I purpose acting upon it) that in the discharge of his duly he had to report the proceedings at a luncheon that was given on board on outgoing Sydney steamer. On leaving, he saw his fellow-lodger amongst a group o£ steerage passengers, dressed in strong coarse clothes. Ho was leaning against the side of the vessel with his hat leaf pulled down over his eyes, and evidently intending to make the voyage. I need scarcely say that I went at onco to the agents of the ship Gortendaragh, that sailed for England, and in the passenger list of which the name of Luke Mivers appeared, but the person who gave that name bore no re semblance to your cousin. Sergeant Creetain, of the detec tive force, remembered perfectly this man who called himself: Luke Mivers, having seen him on board speaking to some one whose description answered to that of your cousin (these detectives seem to remember everything they see). So far I think my business in Melbourne is over, but whether subsequent events will take me to Sydney only, or on to Queensland, I cannot say ; I purpose leaving by the steamer in which he sailed, and making inquiries concern ing him of the officers. He must, as his landlady told me, have lived very sparingly in Melbourne. Those places where the reporter saw fiira were always where admission was cheapest, nis attention from thence being given to the more respectable portions of the assemblies. I imagine, therefore, he is far from being in want. I hope the news I have given you will serve to relieve your uncle's mind very materially. . And now my ' ? So far,* the information conveyed by Mr. Fitzgerald was correct, and in distant Mindorf they could but wait. It was theentiy of a horse called the Ace'of Clubs for a Sydney race that decided Luke Mivers to leave Victoria. He left his lodgings with a small compact bag, and sailed out into the broad liberty of the waters. He had never been at sea before, but the thudding stroke of the great steamer, the hissings andfoamings of the passing waters, scarcely moved him. When the wide horizon lay round him, with the soa against the sky. he felt soothed by the freedom of the ex panse, while fearing that each wave ploughed might mein a further distance from the one face. The wind blew boisterously upon him, fresh over foam from the distant wild6 of stretching seas, till the stately stars came out and sang together in the arched sky. When the winds that whistled in the cordage and bellied the sails had swept tho deck of loiterers, Mivers came forward to where the glow of the cabin light shone up on the darkness like the streamer or an aurora. Down below was a card party, where men were playing with stooped heads, and where odd, bitter curses, were uttered at the changing luck. He could see the hands ttmt flung the cards, but not the faces ; he could hear the sudden malediction, not kno wing from whom it came, and see money drawn across the table by greedy hands. J udged by a P'le of bank notes and gold,* the stakes were heavy ; judged by some sudden glimpse he caught of some partially upturned face, it was heavier than the players could afford; and again judged by the fact that the hand of one of them left tlie table, and once flipped a card far from him beneath one of the other players, skill seemed heavily handicappca? but when the hand that so disposed of the card found orne ?? by some mysterious means, it was evident that the batu would not be to the strongest. Immediately below Mive ? was a young man whose hands shook like an aspen's, but t i bloodshot tyes around him did not observe it. He appei^a i to be playing with reckless wildness, and when, as was I habit, be put his hand upon his head and drew it quickly down again, it looked as though the large stoned ring he wore quivered out pretestings above his amber hair. Tho play went on, and deepened down into silence. For almost an honr the intense expectancy choked back ordinairy cursing, and the quick glimpses to be seen of the faces below told that they -were as white as the foam that was riding round them a few feet away; The pile of bank notes faded and grew again ; it became weighted with gold, and topped with hurriedly - ?written, paper, and again faded and changed hands . It grew once more, and with fourfold rapidity. The faces partially seen from above looked set as stones. The hands fluttered out in following the game as through the wind outside was shaking and swaying them. Mivers could also see that drops were standing on the foreheads of the players. The bond that flipped the card away filled up tumblers «f champagne, and with a treacherous movement spilled its own upon the floor. The straining necks above the cards as they tickered down showed the thirst of the men. Again the pile faded down, and again it moved and mounted higher than ever, representing there many a wrung heart— many a wail and effort, now tossed lightly about, as though human toil and danger were not. The fingers that drove the card from them so skilfully repeated the operation, and again mysteriously found another. This time the heads met to a common dice. They bowed to each card as though they were in the sanctuary and the name of Christ spoken, and as the spotted paper fell there came a hush that even the solitary spectator felt. The hand that exchanged the cards was slowly stretched out, showing many rings, and the pile was drawn over beneath a grasp that shrunk it into littleness. The ringed fingers rolled up the notes in silence, and the young man with the amber hair threw up his face while opening his shirt in the stifling atmosphere. Mivers remarked its pallor and its beauty, but the pain and despair upon it had a terror that rivalled tho features of a Eumenidcs. He rose staggeringly and toiled to the deck, while those below sat drinking by the dimming light permitted by grace of the captain. Where Mivers had been stooping the glare from below was between him and the stairs, and ne could barely recognise a figure walking hurriedly, as it rose once or twice against the stars with, the movement of the vessel. As his eyes found strength he could see the walker silently gesticulating, and with a sudden movement of both hands to his head displace his hat. It was carried far amongst the white lines that gleamed from the waves, but he paid no heed. He moved up and down the deck with irregular paces, and if the winds bore sounds truly it swept words to Mivers as wild as the attitude of the swinging arms. The man looked steadily at the waters beyond him, and then walked stiffly towards the ship's side as in a sortof fascination. He turned his face rapidly up and down the bare deck, and passed out beside the rigging. Before Luke Mivers could utter a sound, there was a plash that fairly jarred on the regular rollings and breakings of the waters among the mirrored stars. He saw the white face for a moment mingling in with the surf, and a slender hand held up for an instant, then the rising swell moving on to the horizon, after closing on the wasted life. The sounds from the cabin had grown boisterous in some controversy as the champagne went round, and as the players threw up their faces in laughter, Mivers noticed the haggardness it all covered. The hand with the two rings, that had shot the cards upon the floor, was the first to point to them, indignantly show ing where the feet of the players were, and hot words broke forth, opposed by the cool impertur bability of the player who had drawn attention to the sus picious fact. They rose in haste to search for the missing player, and stumbled to the deck. ' There he is, ' callod one of the voices, referring to Mivers, who was sitting close to the cabin light. ' There is a circumstance connected with to-night'sgame that requires explanation, sir, for all our sak s, and which must be made. I beg pardon,' he broke off, as the bearded face of the watcher was raised. The gambler was stooping directly over the light as it came from below, and Mivers recognised the face of Pelan. j * ' Then she was not with him.' ' ' Our friend is not here,' Pelan told his companions as he turned away ; 'he has gone to his berth most likely ; we can make inquiries in the morning.' It was only the condensed overpowering determination to effect the present object of his life that kept him silent. He walked away to the forecastle with a fresh hate in his hope, and a pity for the un timely death. He did not think where she could be, he being there — only she was not with hi m, thank God. The reval mail steamship Tarralooloo shot up the bay with her sails curled in, and but one passenger missing. As to the manner of his disappearance there was no trace. Beyond there, back across the strip of sea, there were a mother and sisters waiting. The mother's hair was, may be, as yellow once as her son's had been, and the white haired girls had asked her for weeks together when Alfred would come back. She waited awhile till the story reached her which planted its desolation and shattered her mind. She wondered soon, amongst many other wondering ; patients, when he would return. She daily expected to see I his fair face and long-lashed blue eyes come to her dreary dormitory, and ask her home to make up the circle with him that he had broken, and one day in the twilight, when the branches against the window beside her bed were moving like the Sittings of wings against the wall beyond, he came at last (she said so) and took her home, leaving the delicate girls with their tender high-bred faces and soft wealth of yellow hair, herding with the offspring of crime and the waifs of a city. The one man, disguised by his beard and clothes, followed the other to his hotel, and thence to many others in Sydney. Mivers saw Pelan in many bars, he saw him disappear into private rooms, bright with lights and elegant with ornament and lustre, where strangers were not admitted. At times he had seen faces come out from them wearing much the same family likeness as those of the players on board the steamer. He had fol lowed him to theatres and betting rings; he had watched him in his incomings and outgoings, and his hope grew braver and stronger, that Margaret Shorter knew nothing of him. He was at the races where the Ace of Clubs ran, and shivered to see his brave Astor there win ning for his master thousands of pounds. His great strong stride and aristocratic blood led the field without fault or flutter to the finish, winning splendidly, and as splendidly ridden by crimson and black. But amongst the ro ws of faces and the gay dresses on the stand or the costumes of the lawn, neither in the graceful equipages nor amongst the crowd beyond could he see her, and the streets and all else in the city grew as purposeless and void as those of Melbourne. That weariness of the heart that trembles down to sickness was steadily creeping upon him, till the contour of a photograph framed at a studio twisted him round like a strong hand, and he stood before it white and breathless in a tremor of sudden fear and joy. There were the old shaped rolls of radiant hair, the diamond earrings and brooch, and the superb haughty look her face had so often worn in the distant time. The street and hurrying figures passed away from his thought — men only seeing there a drawn, dreaming face alone — an intent tall figure standing mutely before some picture of the many, as the worshipper in other lands before his graven god. Bearing a sort of dreaming joy, he found his way to the artist, and pointed out tho picture as well as his excitement would allow. ' Had he taken it long since ?' ' About six months, he thought. He remembered the lady coming there alone, and returning hurriedly the next, day for the dozen she had ordered before the boat left for Queens - land. He was quite certain she said Queensland. Yes, he had some more, and would sell them all for a pound, includ ing that in the frame outside.' And so Luke Mivers went off to a quay hotel carrying his first clue with him. Chapter XXVIII.— Mr. Luke Mivers outaixs ANOTHER CLUE. A memory of Queensland, where foilage of endless rich ness deepens down to heaviest shades — where colours are all bright beneath the skies — where the days hold atmos pheres like crystal, giving nearness to vast stretches and faT views varying in leaf and brilliance, bears a bold beauty. In the sleeping light of the days — in the wondrous rest that lies abroad on the glowing carpet spread from sky to sky, there always seems to lurk a fear, suggesting a treacherousness in the rest, and a shrouded danger below the gaudiness of it all, as though talons were fixed somewhere in the velvet-cushioned earth. There is the beauty of the snake in it, and the insincerity of some vague doubt cur tained below the climatic splendour. On the broad slug gish streams fever seems to lurk, and beneath gayest flowers the shining slime of adders. The fat mud, smooth and warm by the rivers, bears queer tracks of beasts, below flaunting plumaged birds, flashing their violent contrasts of colour and sheen. The vivid days have a tiresome opulence in them, and the prodigal earth in favoured seasons is burthened with vegetation. Always the same days, with their balmy breams, follow across the seasons. There are no honest, keen, blustering winds, no swift sweeping' gusts, no grey bracing days, nor the protests of driven showers. It is the calm indolence of an unroused beaufy, with sleeping fire in her eyes, and a poniard in her giidle. When it became known amongst one of the small com munities there that gold had been found on the Palmer, British enterprise asserted itself. The spirit of endeavour and search that had brought them there spread like an epidemic. Forty ounces a week bad more attraction than slumbrous life among the richness of the drowsy days. They were away on the weary tramps over dangerous tracts where miasmas slept, and across the slowly flowing riven and the soft earth, bearing to the teeth of the north, and to fiercer _ subb. There was no thought of fear for the throbbing heat or the lurking fevers, and no heed but the heed for gold. It was not considered how food was to find them out across the tangled distances where their journey lay. Stores and supplies would reach them as they had before; and there was no time for delay when men were rushing to the metallic harvest, and when unexplored country gave hundreds of ounces to the worker. The gold had been seen and felt ; unbelievers rolled and weighed it greedily in their palms, and were smitten with the disease that hurried them on over many scores of miles, past bandffof waiting cannibals as pitiless and treacherous as wolves. Thus they passed to tie Eldorado, protected by the grim barrelled weapons of a higher civilization. And near the longed-for river, as it shone towards the sea from the mys teries of far lands and the solemn shadows of unknown woods, the calls and the hurrying of the workers soon grew out to volume. The heavy muteness of the ages was staggered away with echoes. Valley beds were ploughed, but gold grew scarcer ; distant basins and likely gullies were tried, but the gain was scant, and bread was hard to win. The hope of for tunes to many faded out beneath the monotonous sun, and fever stalked up to 8weep them like a plague. Men hurried towards the nearest port, and trembled down to death by the way. Companions left each other in their course. Diggers with fever in their eyes dropped from the retreating parties for brief slumber, and rose no more. Mates came wearily home from work, and sank, while others were hurry ing to reach aid before the grip of fever should close upon them and wring them down to pay the forfeit. Hunger was the enemy that struck the hardest, and only those who dragged the food through long widths of quivering turf could do battle with the place. There were many who bravely wrestled on till food and strength came back, and over them houses grew in straggling streets. Wanderers drifted to them after each lucky find, and so the settlement grew till the nucleus of an Anglo-Saxon town, with its indomitable strength of purpose, settled down near to tho sea that barred back southern Asia. Into the life at Brisbane, among the play of light and shade that the day struck out, and the houses and trees developed, the news of the gold found, and of the failures following, lent its influence to attract the restless or to steady tho more cautious. And though men came back amongst their neighbours, with the subtle seeming of dis tance and change upon them, whose gaunt faces and shrunken limbs testified to the trial beyond, and hungry eyes glared out their story of starvation and trial, tho lazy capital would scarce believe that the mysterious land of promise lying towards the distant coast was not an Ophir | from whence would rise the pedestal of their greatness. | Aboriginals stalked through the streets, whose brethren were writing their history darkly amongst the whites of the country, sometimes with deeds of bloody treachery, but always mistrusting themselves and yielding before the racial strength of character that was surely conquering. Amongst those who landed tiresomely back from that far North, was a little man who came on a day that, like its fellows, was clear and blue, and filled of heat and beauty. It was a forlorn-looking skeleton, that had outraced the fever's progress, and gained a ship before the disease had fairly grappled him. He was withering and moneyless, and had the quiet despairing furtiveness in his face that told the story of wrecked health. He tottered up the wide street that was blistering in the sun, to rest in the shades, and struggle on to where the hospital 6tood, showing its walls and windows amongst the heavy-foliaged trees paraded along its front. He had sought assistance at some of the stores, and lay down in weakness below the shadow of a big-leaved tree, as he had seen many do at the merciless Palmer. The insatiable desire for rest in the soft warm air had weighted him heavily, and, dreamily wondering if he should ever rise, he passed into dull forgetf illness. But the wanderer was roused soon by a heavy kick, and looked up to see a black face scowling down at him, and a row of white teeth stripped in a beastlike snarl. He dimly remem bered some sort of quick shadow passing, and seeing the drunken blackfellow roll over and lie still in fear. The fever-struck man was lifted from his resting, and when next his eyes opened upon the world there was a bronzed face above his, and a voice speaking that searched him vaguely. 'You're in the hospital,' the voice said, 'and have just escaped what the doctor calls the worst attack of the kind he has seen. You'll soon be strong and fit for work once more.' The patiert could not tell where the speaker had ad dressed him before, but his narrow breast rose to the kindly words, and his eyes grew moist with gratitude. ' I don't know,' he asked whisperingly, ' where I've seen ye ; not in this place — where was it, sir P ' The look in the face deepened, and thought came over it, but he shook his head wearily and said the dream of his fever was not all over yet. ' Oh, yes, sir, it's gone, sure enough, for I've seen you in Victoria somewhere, and dash me if I can think : not at ? no races were it, nor yet at Brisbane before I left r' ' No.' ' Well, your face carries some other place along of it, but I can't tell where.' The little fellow chose to hide his weakness and prostra tion ; but though his words were brave, he felt a lassitude like death upon him. In the heavy wards, where the air felt soft and weakening, and where the sun shone in always cloudless, strength gradually came back, and he was soon able to feel the breaths from the river as they came up softly from the grounds, and to meet his visitor with sturdier thanks. ' I'd like,' he was used to tell him, ' if I could only think of where I see you. You'd be a kind of old acquaint ance like, sir — if I could but mind, but the fever has mazed me, I think, an maybe it's some dream from seein of your face when you brought me here.' One day the little man told him it was no dream, and that his was the face he had met at the creek hotel in the Merton township when he rode the knocked-up hoss. Din'nt he mind of it now ? His companion shaok his head, intimating that he had no recollection. But when the patient told him how he had asked for tidings about Joe, leastways ''Crimson and Black,' and that he had given all the information he knew, telling him to look up the race entries in the papers, then Luke Mivers remembered the circumstance out of the dim ness of that dreary journey. 'An you found him, did you, sir?' asked the con valescent. Yes, he had found him. ' Ah, but not what you wanted, I ken see that, sir. Excuse me, but there's the tiredness in your face still. Maybe you're searchin now ? ' Mivers intimated reluctantly that he was. ' See here, sir, I'm not strong at the best of times, an I aint much to talk about as to schoolin, but I never sold a race in my life; an sir,' playing tremblingly with one of his 1 arm tiled sporting buttons, ' if you'd let me try to help you, I'd — I'd,' — his voice then faltered. 'An, sir,' trying to cough down the gratitude that was moving him, 'all I ken say is I'd like to show you that I don't forget your kindness — that's what I mean.' 'You have been at Narrgummie Flat at those races you spoke of V' ' I was, sir,' ' And you remember faces you see once ? ' ' I knew yours when you first come to the creek hotel, and I minded you of it.' '? What hotel did you stay at at Narrgummie ? ' ' I at both of *em, but I slep at tne stone one' *? Do you remember the other? 'What, Sborter's ? Of 'course 1'do. Bum old card sir. J#e used to take me there for drinks.' * 4 Did you see any one else there ? ' ' If you mean as belonging to the hotel, only the old file, bnt plenty of customers.' 'You have been to all the hotels here ? ' ' Well, yes, on my way north I may say I've bin to 'cm all.' ' I'm going to trust you.' The patient looked up with a flush on bis face. Are you. sir? Thank you. Just do, an Bill Bartley will let you Bee he aint ungrateful. It may seem strange to you, but if I can help you it'll be like winnin a race, that's about the size of it.'* Mr. William Bartley had not recovered from the effects of the fever, and both his bands and voice were trembling in quite a weak manner. He was only a little pocket edition of humanity, and such morals as he possessed were picked up in the stables ; but, so far as his uninstructed eyes saw, he preferred such humble paths as were before him— they leading towards the light, and in bis own little world, memoried here and there by the gloiy of a silk jacket, the triumph of a mount, the exultation of a win — little Bartley carried himself as straight as a hero. ' Have you ever seen this face before The young man 6poke so low that his hearer scarce caught; the question. He seemed to himself to be parting with the one secret that was in his heart, and baling to the world's handling the tenderness of a hidden wound. Bartley looked first to the face of the speaker in great surprise, and next at the card be held showing the portrait of beautiful Margaret Shorter. He kept his bead bent over it for a time, but his eyes did not dwell on the features after the first glance ; he was moistening his dry lips with his tongue in a kind of passing stupor. When he raised hie head it was pale, ana there was a look of dull fatigued hopelessness in his eyes. ' Yes, 6ir, I knew that face,' answered he solemnly. ' Where have you seen it, Bartley ? Tell me that, and I am a thousandfold repaid. I mean,' catching faintly at his impetuosity, ' you will have rendered me a greater service than I could render you. Was it here in Brisbane ? You Baid you wished you could help me. You see you can help me. Ah! and so it is winning a race, Bartley. If you only knew how weariful and distressing the pace is, then you would know the service.' ' It was not here I saw her, sir,' Bartley replied, with the Eame evenness of voice. There was a pause for a minute. Both men could hear each other breathe — tlie one curbed to silence by the dis appointing words, and the other leaning forward on the deal table of the ward, with his forehead resting on his thin hand, forgetful seemingly of the questioner. He did not move from this position as he went on to say, ' Not here, but in this country ; she aint in Brisbane, but away up yonder, near the diggings, at an hotel. I saw her there, an thought I must bin dreamin with the fever, but it was no dream — she was there.' ' An hotel ! ' ' Ay, an hotel, not forty miles off of the Palmer. If you want to know how she got there, I can't say — if what she is there, I don't know ; but the mistress of it, as I thought, so far as I can remember — that may be a thought of the fever; howsoever, I think not. An if you ask me what I know about her, sir. that's not mine to toll.' The speaker spoke with an embarrassment that was like shame, and with much sadness. 'Thank you, Bartley. I may tell you some day how much you have served me.' ' I don't know how far from the Palmer,' he said, quietly continuing. ' You see I did'nt go to it the way I come, an about that time I used to rave on and off. It's a new place without a name, with fresh paint blistered on it, an a thick thatched roof over it, an goggle winders lookin j as it were starin an frownin. Bottle-trees grew near, an looked to move in the dusk like natives. It's a place where i strong men come in an call for drinks, an scowl at one another — about her, maybe — God knows, an some sick diggers that hes money to pay stay there to rest, they told me. An not far away, when a shot is heard, they laugh an say, ' That's another nigger wiped out; ' out this is only what I heard — what I see was her an the house. There, sir, ye know as much as me now- How she come there — her, with the face like a queen, I can't tell.' He stopped from his half dreamy description, and looked up showing a new thought. ' Your'e going up, of course, sir ; will you take me with you i ' ' ' You're not out of one fever yet, Bartley, and if you took another you'd never see Victoria again.' ' Exactly, sir, that's just it. Will you take me ? ' Why, my poor fellow, you're fever seems to me to be returning. I'll see you when I come back, and I promise you it won't be long. There, go and lie down. You look as if you were having a relapse. You are far from well.' ' Do I ? I suppose so. Maybe it's a relapse. I see you'll start at once, an I feel I coud'nt do it. Will you Sromise to call an let me see you — to search for me, if need e, to see me. I'll not leave 'Brisbane, an — an — if you only would, sir' — he caught Mivers shaking hands with his bands — ' Just let me see her again. . Good-bye, sir ; maybe I'll see neither of you any more. God bless you. You promise?' ' Of course I promise. Now get to bed.' Bartley staggered as he rose, and Mivers' arms were round hi™ in a moment, and they laid him gently, as if he had been a child worn out with play, on his lonely bed.