CHAPTER II. 

 BOVER'S SAGAONR, I 

 Within a mile of tlie Square Waterhole, to the eastward, lived a farmer named Jonea. Bia house wai in a sheltered gaily, and was fortunately beyond the radius of the bush fire that destroyed poor Williams's home. Daring the day Jones anxiously watched, for if the wind changed, as it sometimes suddenly did, to south-west, that it would bring the lire down npon him in a very short time. 

 Jones and his wifo stood at the door watch in?, when Mrs. Jones said, " Henry, I'm afraid that fire will be had for Fred Williams, it's burning in a direnl line for his place." 

 " Oh, but hell be prone by how, Maria;" 

 "No, he's not going till to-morrow. Poor chap, then I'm afraid he'll-be burnt out. 2 would go and see if I could help, but I'm afraid. I oouldn't get there, the fire's all around, and if the wind was to change the fire would soon pay us a visit." 

 However, about 4 o'clook Mrs. Jones said, " I'm awfully anxious about Jane Williams. Henry, oould'nt yon ride over and see if they want help. There's no fear of the fire here now. ana it must have passed Williams's long ago.'' 

 "Tea, Maria, I'll jump on Nugget and go overand in a few minutee Jones waB on hie way to Isok for his neighbour. He struck a beelioe for the Square Waterhole. There were no fences to stop him, for beyond the limits of his land everything except the big green gumtrees and smouldering loge had been swept away. 

 Yet be had great difficulty in locating the Bpot where Williams's bouse had stood, and when at last he fonnd it the poor fellow stood aghast. As far as he oould see they had all perished. However, after a careful search he 

 fonnd the tracks of the horse and cart over the bnrnt ground, and came to the conclusion that although the fire had gone over the place Williams and b.s family had got away safely. 

 Mrs. Jones was muoh upset at the news, and wondered why tbe Williamses hadn'toome to them. " Well, Maria," said her husband, "Fred couldn't very well drive over that country, and I expect after the house went they just drove over to Willunga." 

 This explanation seemed satisfactory, and 

 was mutually aocepted by Jones and bis wife. . 

 During tbe night they were aroused by the barking of tbe doge, and listening they thought they beard comething scratching as the door. 

 Jones jumped up, and going to tbe door, he asked " Wbos there?" 

 There was no reply but a terrifio row amongst the dogs, follcwed by a yelp and a soampering in the direction of the creek. 

 Jones then opened the door, but conld not see anything, although he oould still hear the dogs in the distance. He oalled tbem, and in a few minutes the two oattle-dogs came pant ing up to him. He ordered them to lie down, ana then returned to bed 

 " What was it, Henrv?" 

 "Ob, a wilddoe prowling about, I think, 

 hut (growler and Lass have sooled him off.'' 

 Nothing more disturbed them during the night, but when Jones came out in the morn ing he eaw a strange dog a little distance from the house. He called it, but the animal would not oorae any nearer. Mrs. Jones oame out, and at once said, " Why, Henry, that's Fred Williams's dog, but he's afraid of Growler and Lass. Chain 'em up, and perhaps he'll oome to us." Jones chained up his dogs, and then called " Rover I Rover 1" The dog oame up and suffered himself to be patted, but when they tried to coax him indoors he trotted away a few yards and then stood and wagged his tail. 

 Jones <vcnt up tc him, and then the dog ran on, and again stopped. " Look here, Henry>" said Mrs. Jones, that dog wants something; you best follow him." 

 "Well, I believe he doen, wife," and, so saying, JoneB started after the dog. 

 When Rover saw that the farmer was 

 ooming he ran up to him and barked, and then ran on again towards the creek. Suddenly Rover disappeared around the trunk of a large aumtree. Then he came out again and barked, and then stood wagging his tail until Jones oame op. 

 The farmer stopped, looked at the dog, and then, etooping down, he looked into the hollow trunk, and started aB if he had been shot. " Well, I never see the like, 'pon my word," he exclaimed-for there lay a little nine months' old baby aeleep. 

 " Blest if it' aint Williams's youngster. I wonder bow in the world he got here; hanged if I don't believe Rover carried him here out of the fire." Jones lifted tbe baby out, and 

 All glowing from his rosy sleep the cherub boy 

 he kissed. 

 Then he tote home at ft great pace, Rover quietly following. 

 " Maria! Maria 1" he shouted when near the house, " blest if I ain't got Georgie Williams." 

 Mrs. Jones ran out in a great state of ex citement, and exclaimed when she saw the 

 child, "So it is, the darling little beauty. Oh yon little (went."* 

 " I wonder how he got there, Henry V 

 " Blest if I don't believe Hover carried him there; and look here, Marin, I'll toet that was Rover scratching-at the door laat night, bat those wretched ours of oars drove him away." 

 "Yes, perhaps it was, Henry, but if Rover carried the baby all. that way why did'nt he bring him to ttaBboute}" 

 " Because he was afraid of our dogs."' I'm blest if that dog aiot got more sense than a good many wen. -Rover, good dog, you're worth a bag of money, yon are." 

 " Well, what are you going to do, Henry J" 

 " Well, I'll put Jess in the cart afttrbreak fast and we'll go to Willunga and find out if Fred Williams was there yesterday. If he was we may be able to oatch him." 

 Accordingly after breakfast Jones and his wife set out for Willunga, taking the baby and Rover with them. Upon tbeir arrival lihere was great excitement, and Rover was careened until be began to get savage at all the worry. < 

 Jones found that Williams and his wife had left early in the morning for Adelaide so the landlord of tbe Bushman's Home insisted upon putting his hone in bis Tilbury, and driving Jones, the baby, and Rover into Adelaide. 

 The rest is soon told. Meat morning Williams and bis wife were found on board tbe Royal Duke, and after Boniface had gently broken the news Jones appeared with the baby and Rover. 

 Tbe story soon grot abroad, and those on board will never forget the soene. 

 Mrs. Williams was hysterical with joy, while her husband hugged the dog as if he 

 were the child. 

 Rover was the pet of the voyage, and Williams refused a large sum of money for him. " No," eaid be,. 'Til never part with Rover as long as I live." 

 The day before Christmas Day the vessel reached port, and before parting with Rover the passengers and crew made him a present of a handsome brass collar suitably inscribed. 

 This all happened many years ago, and Fred Williams haa long sinee finished with this life. Rover, too, has had his: day, as every dog will, and what remains of him now occupies . a prominent place in George Williams's drawing-room, where he serves as an, object lesson to tbe children as each Christmas their father relates the wonderful story of how Rover eaved him from the fire.