"PHILIBE TA, AN AUSTRALIAN TALE. BY THORPE TALBOT. (Published by special arrangement with M'essrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd ) OHAPTER IV. JOHN CAMPBELT,'S STATION. The station at Emu Creek prospered exceedingly. Partly because John Campbell was a thrifty man, and one whose foresight and judgment in all matters pertaining to stock were little short of genius; partly because he had exceptional luck. Someone will argue that there is no such thing as luck, that ''Tie in ourselves that we are thus and. thus,' and so on. But how then account for the way in which some good men fail while others succeed ? Two men, equal as to faculties and facilities, start in life under equal conditions. The one finds his stock increase and multiply almost beyond computation. His harvests are al ways a success ; rain falls just when needed, and holds off just when wet would spoil everything. His fruit trees never know blight; wool is al ways at the highest just when he has the most to sell. His cattle always run to fat and fetch ten shillings or a pound more than any others in the 

 markets. The other-well, an untimely rain spoils his first crops, and for three years running the rust gets at his wheat; wool falls threepence a pound the very day before he gets into market. Fluke and scab destroy half his sheep before he can help him self. One of his best draught horses drops dead in harness without warn ing; and another dislocates its shoulder through fright, and has to be shot; some strange disease nips off all his best poultry in one day. A bush fire devastates half his land, and he has much ado to save the home stead. Crowning calamity - his youngest child dies of sunstroke, and the mother goes demented with 

 grief. Now, what is all this but luck ? The will of God, some theological philoso phers may call it, talking by the hour of the holiness of resignation, and quoting that happy martyr to boils and divine favours-Job. And, all blind and ignorant as we are, and ever must be, in regard to the mysterious working of the mighty system in and around us, we have nothing we can safely cast at the theological philoso phers in the way of contradiction. Nor can we help envying them their way of looking at trouble, and their strength to bear it. All the same, a few of us would rather put down all this seeming injustice of dispensation to ' luck ' than attribute it to a Deity whom we are called upon to worship. But away with moralizing when there is nothing to be gained by it. John Campbell's station prospered, and we leave it entirely to theologians to decide whether that was because he was a favoured child of Providence or the reverse. 'The wicked shall flourish as a green bay tree,' on one side; on theother, 'Inhisdaysshallthe righteous flourish, and have peace and abundance as lonrr as the moon en 

 dureth.' Controversy and discussion of these matters might be carried on ' as long as the moon endureth'-doubtless will -and the debaters be as far off con clusion at the end as at thebeginning. Like the denizens of one portion of Swedenborg's marvellously conceived spirit land, 'They will walk and walk for ever and ever, but always bring their feet down in the same place, till a hole is worn in the ground deep enough to bury them in.' (The above may not be an accurate quota tion from Swedenborg, but the same idea is conveyed.) John Campbell named his place Morven, in loving compliment to the peaks that were the most familiar and prominent ob iects in his memory of his home. 

 FIrom the homestead could be seen a forest-covered, many-tinted range of mountains as unlike the majestic, mist-enveloped friends of his child hood as could well be; but hills are hills all the world over, though the generic term differs of course accord ing as languages differ, and any hills worthy of the name somehow sug gested the hills of his boyhood to our Highlander, and so he called this range, and his home lying by it, Morven. The station had had another name, for, be it known, John Camp bell was not the first owner. He purchased from another lucky in dividual who was selling out in order to revisit the old country, so John Campbell had none of the difficulties of a pioneer to contend againt. Post and-rail and live fences were all there, stock also, and a homestead very different from the habitation of the now settler's 'bark-hut and tin-pot 

 era.' Burunagulla was the original and aboriginal title of the place, and Philiberta always rebelled against the substitute. , Why,' she would say, 'can't people accept the native names, in stead of importing old commonplace countries? In a now land, why not have overything new ? The abori ginos, when they christen a place, do so with reference to some distinguish ing feature, and the name therefore must be the most appropriate, not to say the most euphonious, possible.' But whatever name it went by, the place was in a region of never-failing interest and delight to Philiberta. 

 She learnt stock-riding as easily as she had learned to read, and soon know so much about sheep and cattle that John Campbell used to say: ' He wass not afraid now to leave Rosamond O'Brien a widow. Phil would pe able to manage the station, and to make it pay petter as himself.' But often and often he said to Rosa mond, and Rosamond said to him, that it was a shame and a wrong to let the girl grow up as she was growing, wild and untaught, save in what she taught herself. 'She will pe nothing more as a wild girl of the woods,' said he plain tivoly. 'An' is it me ye're after blaming for that?' said she aggressively. Why don't you take her away to school, John Campbell ?' 'Bekass you wass not able to do without her, Rosamond O'Brien. You wass telling me that the ferry last time we wass speaking about it what effer.' ' Me ! The like o' that for a big story, now! It was yourself said how long the day would be to us wanting her; and yourself that druv me out o' me mind intirely wid saying how they starve and illuse the girrls in the boarding-schools.' ' She will haf a plenty of money,' said John Campbell, ignoring all this from his wife, ' and it will pe no goot to her, bekass she will hef no educa tion. What hef we two, John Camp bell and Rosamond O'Bricn, to do with the proper rearing up of a young girl that is growing to pe peautifat and rich? She will hef no more manners as a lubra, whateffer. She will not speak good English; there will pe in her speech a bit of Rosa mond O'Brien's Irish, and a bit of John Campbell's Highland Scotch, and eferybody will pe laffin' at the lass, though she will pe a goot lass, and handsome, and rich.' 'Ah! and anybody that laughs at Philiberta will not get much the best of it, anyhow, darlin' ; she's aiqual to anything and anybody, and will have the laugh ginerally on her own side, more power to her, the colleen ! But why d'ye let her grow up wild this way, to be laughed at ? If you had given me my own way wid her from the first as I wanted-' 

 'Now, Rosamond O'Brien,' he be gan, lifting one hand deprecatorily, but before he could say another word his wife bade him ' Hush!' and look ing from under the vine that climbed about the verandah, where he and Rosamond sat, he saw Philiberta coming towards them. A tall, straight, slender girl, with great brown eyes, as true and fearless as a child's or a dog's, and a face that would have been more beautiful if it had been less firm and powerful of expression. Yet it was a girlish face then, and promising to be in time a very womanly face, but a face that would, and did, depend a great deal uponhappineseforitsbeauty. Just now it was beautiful, with the beauty of life, and youth, and strength, and earnestness. She approached the veranda rapidly, her riding-skirt held in one hand, her own particular stock whip in the other. She scorned the pretty, delicate, lady - like, silver mounted thing John Campbell had been at much pains to procure for her. ' My horse 'never needs the whip,' she would say, as she embraced the animal's arching neck lovingly ; ' and of what use would that wisp of a thing be among cattle ?' 

 She sprang lightly up the one step, and seated herself on John Camp bell's knee. ' There's another tear in your petti coat, Philiberta,' said Mrs. Campbell, pointing in rebuke at the damago. ' Yes, mother, I know.' 'It's ruined I shall be wid you,' frowning hard in order to suppress a smile; ' but mend that hole you shall before you go to bed this night, now.' 'Oh, mother, anything but the needle; you know I hate sewing. I wish I were a boy.' ' You will maype wear the breoches quite soon enough as it wass, Phil,' observed Mr. Campbell; 'that iss, if you will follow the example of Rosa mond O'Brien there, mirofer.' 'Arrah, don't insult me,' said Rosamond. ' Mother, never mind the hole in my petticoat. Daddy, listen, I've got something to tell you; I've been playing the spy, accidentally at first, afterwards on purpose. Do you re member what I said about those two new hands you took on the other day ? Well, I was right; I saw them washing their feet in the creek, and round their ankles is the mark of the prison irons.' ' That iss no way unpossible,' said John Campbell, carelessly. ' An' the straps they wear on their wrists,' went on Philiberta; they are to hide the marks of handcuffs. I thought it was odd they should both have sprained wrists at the same time. They have been handcuffed together, these two, daddy, and they have not 

 been long at liborty. 'Well ?' 'Well, I want you to send them away. I wanted you to refuse them employment, you know, daddy.' 'Yes, dearie; but it iss a little rough on the poor teffles to turn them away and gif them no work bekass they wass in prison. They hef had hard times enough in the prison with out doubt. We might gif them one chance to po honest men when they come out.' ' But, daddy-' ' And it ise not the first time miro for, Phil, that we hef had old hands on the station for the shearing. Jimmy, the overseer, is an old hand.' 'Yes, but, daddy, cannot you see the difference ? And did Jimmy the overseer ever deny it; as these men did when you asked them?' ' A man iss not bound to toll efery body about his little accidents,' said John Campbell. 'But.these men are bad, daddy; I 

 know they are bad. They jump as if they were shot if you come upon them suddenly; they look back over their shoulders every now and then to see if some one is pursuing them; they move stealthily, and never speak above a whisper. Daddy, there's a red stain about them somewhere, mark my words. These are not the harmless old hands transported for horse - stealing, shop - lifting, and things of that kind, who rather like to tell what they did, how they did it, and how long they had to suffer for it. Like Jimmy, the overseer, for in stance. There is something red about these men, daddy.' The girl was an observer, you see. Away there in the bush, where inci dents were so few, and daily life, you would imagine, so barren of aught worth studying, never a day elapsed without leaving its record upon her mind in some new item of knew ledge. 'Well, and what then whateffer, my little lass ? The men will not do us any harm.' 'Even if they do not, they are bad men to have about the place. Their influence over the other men will be evil. They are like poison-plants even things that merely sit in their shadow must suffer.' ' Preaching again, little Phil ? 'Because my daddy requires it. But you have not heard what I came home in haste to tell you. Listen. I was up in that old she-oak at the bend of the creek, seeing how that young 'possum family were progressing. And, by-the-by, the old 'possum is getting as tame as can be. Well, Jimmy the half-caste and those two men came down to the creek to smoke and bathe their feet. They were talking about the blacks-you know how Jimmy hates his own kind-" Baal mine give them flour, mutton, baccy," said he, " Budgeree whitefellow, Missa Camp bell, but - fool him too. Black fellow too much gammon him, then steal him flour, sheep-all." Then the old hands told how at some stations the blacks were cured of stealing by having traps of poisoned flour laid for them.' ' Goot Kott, yes !' said John Camp bell, ' I wass hearing that too, one day. As if all that the wretched beggars could steal could hurt a man half so much as the weight of their murder on his soul.' ' Well, Jimmy laughed and hopped about as he always does when he is pleased, and then they all walked off together talking, but I could not hear any more. Now, will you send them away, daddy ?' 'I will look into it, Phil. I will look into it, dear. Not for the price of a thousand head of cattle would I hef the plood of one blackfellow on my head. But perhaps all this wass nothing. The man wass only talking about things that wass done at other places, and the men iss wanted here ferry bad just now, little Phil. And if we wass to send these two away, we might not get two more in time for the shearing. Or if we did get two, they might pe as bad or worse as this two wass mirofer.' ' Impossible,' said Philiberta, shaking her head and kissing him on the end of his sunburnt nose. ' Im possible to get worse, you will see.' Then she quitted him, in obedience to a call from Rosamond, who had gone into the house some minutes before, and presently the voices of the two could be heard together in some merry Irish ditty. How happy they were, these people! Having no care for any world outside their own small bush dominion, where there were always the sight and sound of trees and running water, and bright birds and gay insects. Living in the love of each other and of every live thing that knew them. Having health' freedom, sun, and fresh air, ' the free will of the feet, and the feel of the wind,' and the changing gladness of swift passing seasons. To the man and the woman life was one long, peaceful joy; to the girl, one glad exuberant dream, from which, as yet, she knew nought of the possibility of waking. And that was well. Life is a pitiful thing if you have not some bright passage in it to re member and hark back to from the heaviness of dark hours that are inevitable. ('o fBe Continued.)