SisraJElffii. 'j v & * ; ( The Last of tl\\e Oxfords. CHAPTER XVI. IIINTON INTERFEHES. ' I tell you, Hinton/ said Parker, as they ascended; the narrow path, 'you're going to make an awful fool of yourself. If you want him to be arrested you aro simply giving him notice to clear out, .. and;.., if you don!t want to have him i arrested iyou have no power over him— f .unle93-—nuIe3H you mean to 5fight him,' iv finished- the lawyer, in an altered tone of voice, for ho had caueht the expression . on Hintoh's face, and it had frightened him. But on Hinton went, unanswering. ? Oh ! well,' thought his friend, ' as there is no use stopping h:m, the only thing is to stand by him. So they went on till they reached the station. Rexford was in the little white-washed charge-room making out some depart mental : return. He heard the hasty steps' oi: the ; two men grinding on the the gravel,. and looked up. Almost as he did they were inside. ' You scoundrel !' cried Hinton. as he : absolutely threw himself in the room. - . ' You are found out ?' . Parker, seeing there was nothing else 1 fo.r. him . to . do, . stepped forward and, ! . ' 'gripped his friend by the arms. ' Take it coolly,' he said. It was the i o only thing he could do, and. strange to j; : say, it seemed to take effect. I 'd . Hinton turned his head and laughed I in his friend's face. . | : i* ' You're right,' he said ; ' I will take ; ;i it coolly. Let go my arms, Parker, I | ; ? am quite cool. Do you think I: am i going to let this fellow escape through j my impatience? Do yoh think that j j! ' after the lives the scoundrel has ruined l , -; by his infernal coolness, I will let him j ' escape at last through my heat ?' ii !i Rexford, behind his desk, with a wooden ji t bar between himself and the other two, ij ji quivered a little at first, but soon re {I s covered his nerve, and gazed with the '?! | utmost unconcern at the two men . | f 'Listen to me, 'he said; 'this Iock | np„io scarcely the place for a drunken j; ; f man to come to. If you are wise,' and 'Ihie turned to Parker and smiled, ' you | J ' will take your friend away, or I shall he !j|/ ^f-fvcpmpelled to lock him up.' | : At this Hinton. again broke out. 'Looked up !' be cried ; ' you shall be ji; lockfed up arid' tried for murder if there j i : '. is 'law enough in the country to get at i; guch as you— bigamist and murderer !' || ; Parker looked up quickly at, hearing | . ? the last word. How could Hinton have ! ' learned the truth of what had been only i a shrewd Burmise of his own ? : v,!;., ' ^You. are certainly drunk,' replied the i [ ?. .. trooper, : as he composedly took out his ji watch and looked at it, ' but in memory ; |. . v of old times — of tho dear old times— I N ;V will give you three minutes to, clear out !!„? of the place, and then : if you don't go I ;i ' shall certainly lock you up.' Ii: , ; ' I tell you : this : I will stop in this jj place until another constable cothes; in; ; arid: when he does I will charge you ; j with bigamy and attempted murder, and ' I swear that lf yori leave the place' or ! . dare to- touch inej I will ohoke the; life ; . out of yon !' ? ; '-:-- I It .had grown dark, for the sudden | Australian sunset had come on, and ithe V ;; heavy clouds which had been gathering i ; daring the day hid the, light of the set } j; ; ting sun. Perhaps it was only the ! j x' shadows of 'th'e deepening greyness; of 1 1, ? : the evening that crossed Rexford's face jj : . as Hinton spoke. Well it was for Hin llj: ;i ton that 'Parker'3 hand - was on his arm Ijlj ; and Parker's voice told him in a whimper |. : ; .'to be cautious for the sake of others if ?j! not for his own. |j ?.-? 'This has gone so far,' put in the |i!|: the lawyer, quietly, ' that it must needs !j| j go farthor. - My friend is excited) of ij! ;7; course, and I propose to take him away ? directly. But clearly . understand that | ; your threats as to looking up are idle | v; onos. Wp are the persons to take action, ii| K not you, and you may be quite sure that | f we intend to do so. 1 ' ) jj! .- j V Rekford's manner changed. ' Look |J] ; here,' he.said, in conciliatory tones, 'I've j| I'i no doubt yodr'e a very decent sorjt of, Ii ^. .fellow, but .you've mixed yourself uj) in { j r : a squabble which does not concern, -you : J;. : - in the least. No doubt Hinton has ^een i; pitching you a tale, and you've started out to back him up, but there are always i ' two sides to a question. Would you ;ji like to hear the other side of this one ?' I f - W.'ll tl.!. Jm never come ?' muttered Hinton, going to II . ? the door of the station to look for the jj . i y other policeman. ! , ' - '-Say what you have to say,' answered | ; Parker. IJ.'-:.'-. '.It's 'a very simple matter,' went on j, Rexford. ' I suppose you know that ji . ? Hinton there and myslf quarrelled about ; ? about my sister before we left England ? : i , : Of course he is very bitter against me, i||, and I suppose, with tho aid of that poor Jj- - ; dovil in the hospital; who, being a bad lot, has necessarily no lovo for me, has trumped up some yarn to throw discredit on me, and whioh can only result in Hinton getting himself and others into trouble.' . ' Hinton laughed quietly, but there was .such a bitterness in the, laugh that Par ker got closer to him, and tho grey shading on Rexford's face grew greyer, and his yoico was low and husky as he continued — ' If I wanted to bo dramatic, like Hin ton, I could humor him. I could pretend that his charges were truo. If he accused mo of starting the last bush fire, of passing tho bogus notes which aro flying round, or anything else his dis ordered fancy prompted bim, I could admit it ail fearlessly. Knowing him as I do ' (and here ho spoke slowly and distinctly), ' I could admit anything, v Ho forgets that the woman he professes to love is my sister, and that she loves me; Yes, I could admit everything and dare him to '.strike me, and then go to my sister and tell her how . he bad treated her only brother.' Do you think,' ho went on, turning towards Hinton, and hissing the words at him across the I wooden bar — ' do you think she will let I you lead her to the altar after yon have revenged yourself on her brother, and thus injured her brother's wife — her own ; dearest friend ? ' ; The lawyer had realised this all along. He knew that Rexford was just the man to grasp the situation exactly, but Hinton, blinded by his anger, had for the moment forgotten the maa was Mabel's brother ; but now it' came upon him, and be sank into the only chair in the station-house, and buried his face in his hands. ' But I am hot disposed for a farce; to-night,' said Rexford ; ' go away, collect all your evidence,' and come back horo tormorrow at this time, and. then I will tell you exactly what it is worth and what I have to give you in exchange for it.' Hinton got up. 'The man is per fectly right,' he said to Parker ; 4 1 have turned the affair into a farce. Let us go away.' He walked to the door aud Parker followed him out of the statiop. But when they were gone the trooper's coolness apparently deserted him, for after walking up and down the station for nearly an hour, he called his fellow constable and asked him if Mrs. Brown could give him a cup of tea, as he had a little business to transact, and wanted to go some distance out of town quietly without bothering his wife, who had not recovered from the death of the child. Presently they brought him the tea, and then he went for a long ride. Although; it was late when he got back to the town, he was still unsettled in bis mind,! for he passed what little remained of the night in a restless sleep on a bench- in the police-station. To the wonderment of Constable Brown and Mrs. Brown, after sharing their breakfast on the. following morning, he again mounted his horse, and spent the greater part of the day riding. ' He must have had a row with Mrs. Henry,' said Mrs. Brown, ' she's a stuck up sort of woman, and I don't wonder at it. I don't believe he's been home for hours.' (To be Continued .)