The Storyteller. Amabel. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER V. BY GEORGE GRIFFITHS. The heat grew and grew; every afternoon about 8 o'clock great black thunder clouds gathered, lowering, seeming as though they must break with their own weight, then sullenly passed away to the west with the setting sun. Each day they Baid to one another, "It will Bttrely rain to-day." But hope was yet deterred, and New Year's Day arose clear and cloudless as the days for weeks past. Amabel, loth to part from her beloved friend, had deoided to rido with her to Grange Lea, and, starting early, return before dark, with the secret hope of meeting Bernard on the way back. But when the two girls were ready to 'start a stable boy brought the news that Mabel's horse had cast a shoe; the blacksmith was drunk and refused to work; there was no other horse available; in the scarcity of fodder all that oould be spared had* been turned out to seek their own food. Mr. Conynghame him- self went down to see what could be done; but it was some hours before the man beoarae 'sober enough to understand that his situation was in jeopardy if he refused to work, holfday or no holiday. Lnnoh was on the table before the horses were led to the door, and after a hasty meal Mabel declared that she was ready. Mr. Conynghame urged her to stay until to-morrow. "We shall nave rain to-day," ho said. " Start in the morning." But Mabel would not; she was feverishly anxious to be off, she dreaded another meeting with Bernard, and replied : " The rain has been prophesied too'long, I do not see why it should come to-day." Mr. Conynghame did not press the matter, merely saying to his daughter, " Amy, if there should be a storm, remain at Mrs. More's for the night, and return as early as possible in the morning." The two girls rode slowly; the heat on the plains wbb terrific, the track was almost obliterated; the grass was parched into hay, and hardly visible. Mabel had no idea of suoh desolation; the home paddock at.Willawilla, kept green by irrigation from the lagoon, and luxuriating in rich English grasses, had not prepared her for the appoarance of the oountry, infinitely worse than a week before. . After they had ridden about an hour Amabel said, " Bush fire." •' Whore ? I do not see it." " Down the wind; I smell the burning wood, but I do not think it lies our way." But Amabel was mistaken, and presently they saw a great wall of brown smoke travelling towards them, " Oar way lies through that,'' she said. "We shall have to ride round; come!" and putting her horse to a canter they went quickly over the ground. Unfortunately, the five was of great extent, and they had to traverse several miles before being clear, and then the horses shied and grew restless over the hot ground; the air was oppressive and laden with bits of burnt grass, the smell was suffocating, and at length Amabel said: " There is a hut about a mile away. We will go there and rest until it is cooler; and I will stay all night at Grange Lea; we cannot travel now." The hut was soon reached, and the horses hung up under the shelter of the veranda; but the ghls were not muoh better off, for the mud floor had harboured Buoh a collection of insect pests that they were fain to go outside and brave the heat in preference. There was no sun now; the usual clouds had gathered, this time accompanied with low mutterings of thunder. Then came a few heavy drops, plashing on the glaring sand in dark patches. Then again dead silence super vened, oppressive, motionless; not a breath moved the still air, the little eddies of dust were Been no longer. Then a low moaning sound, rising in the south, increasing rapidly in volume. The dust, whirled into a vast column, rose as the wind tore across tho plain, striking the frail hut as though it would tear the roof from its fastenings; and,passing,silence fellonce,more. •You are going to soe a real Australian storm, Mabel, and wo must wait until it passes," said Amabel. Even as she apoko there came a vivid flash and cvash of thunder; the rain followed, and in a few moments the glaring plain became a vast lake, so terrific was the downpour. The air cooled at once, and the girls shivered in their thin habits, so sudden was the change. The horses, terrified, struggled to get free, and it was only by holding their heads and using soothing words that they were kept from break* ing loose. " How long will this last ?" shouted Mabel; ordinary speech was impossible. " No* mote than an hour like this," replied Amabel in the same tone, and was silent. Conversation was hopeless. Each peal of thunder was followed by heavier rain, while the lightning flashed around almost without cessation. The hut seemed to be in the centre of the storm,, and was the only prominent object in all the level plain, yet by some mercy it was not struck. At length the fury of the tempest abated, the thunder died away in low grumblings, the lightning ceased, and though the rain yet fell steadily Amabel said they had better start or they would not reach Orange Lea before dark. But when oat on the plain there was no track visible. All was water; the horses were over .their fetlocks. " We must strike the telegraph line," said she, " and travel that way. It is further, but we have no choioe." About half an hoar's riding brought them in sight of the line, and they tamed. Bat the horses, hitherto going with the rain, turned Balky when they found the ©old stream driving in their faces, and could not be urged out of ft walk. It was now 4 o'clock; the storm had broken about half-past 2; and Amabel grew uneasy. " We mmt get on," she said, "or the Sto dart will be in flood." " How far are we from Orange Lea ?" asked Mabel. " About ten miles." " Why, we have travelled mom than that already." " Yes, bat off the road, and we are not going direct now; it will be past 7 before we get there at this pace," and she gave her horse a out with the whip. It was no use; he could not see the ground, and felt each step before pat* ting his foot down. They did not travel more than three miles an hour, and when they readied the Stodart it was a rushing torrent. " I was afraid we should be too late. We cannot cross here; oome up higher, it is wider, but more shallow," said Amabel. However, even here it was a swim. The horses refused to enter the water, and indeed seemed to have no strength to breast the yeasty stream. "Whatshall we do?" said Amabel, whose courage seemed to have deserted her. •• We cannot go home, and we cannot stay here all night." "Do you think you could swim ?" asked Mabel. " I can, I have often swam in rough water;" she had her own reasons for wishing to push on. " I don't know, I have never tried anything like this. You don't know the strength of the current, and I could do nothing in my habit." " We must take them off and fasten them to the saddles, and lead the horses in—they will go across, all right without us to carry." Amabel was dubious. She had heard more than her friend of the tales of flooded riven, and knew how often men and horses hod been carried down. However, she yielded to the Btronger will, and they plunged into the torrent, the horses taking to the water bravely. All went well until they were about half way across, when they began to feel the full force of the current. Amabel, less strong than the English girl—accustomed to a hardier climate—began to flag. " Mabel, I can't do it," she gasped. " Keep heart, it's half over. Come, I will help you to roach the horse. There, that is better, keep hold of the pommel," said Mabel, " he will get to land somehow." But the ourrent grow stronger—the river here made a curve, the outermost part being on the further side—and they could make no progress, and Mabel saw with dismay that they would not be able to reach the shallow shelving shore they sought. Her own strength was beginning to fail, and, seeing Amabel still safe, holding on to the pommel, she turned over, resolving to float past the danger, trusting to reach calm water. The stream narrowed between high walls, and a ory from Amabel startled her. She was swimming with quick feoble strokes. The horse, struggling violently, was carried down the stream to "his death. " Amabel, be calm, you will drown else," cried Mabel. ••I can swim no more. Save me, Mabel I save me!" and she flung her arms round her friend. For a moment both Bank. With a fierce determined effort, Mnbel shook herself free ; who knows whether the thought of Bernard and happiness came to her mind, if she let this girl perish ? but, if so, she put the temptation from her; and with one hand managed to keep her afloat until the current washed them against some bushes of the bottle-brush grow ing from the rooks. Here in this precarious haven they rested; but the waters rose, and Mable saw there was no hope of safety there; they could not climb the rooky bank, it was too precipitous; they could neither of them remain where they were, they would perish with the cold. "Amabel, lißten," said Mabel, "there's a darling. We must not stay here; look, there is a big tree a little way down v if you can float I will guide you there; come, now, try." " You must hold' me then, Mabel, or I shall sink; I am frightened. How I wish Bernard were here; he would help as." Mabel's heart beat violently at the words, and the temptation to leave this child again assailed her; she oould save herself, she was not beaten yet; no one would know how Amabel had died; it would look natural enough. She put the thought from her fiercely, and, with a prayer for help, released the timid clinging hands from tho branch, and poshed the girl into the water. In a moment they were beneath the overshadowing trees; but Mabel's judgment had deoeived her, the brandies were too high, and it was only at the lost, an old half-decayed ti-tree, that she was successful. Amabel oast her arms around tho trunk, and by the help of her more resolute friend clambered along the sloping item until she was out of reach of the water. Then Mabel also dragged herself to a plaoe of safety, and looked around. They were not more than ten yards distant from the shore, but the passage was beset with rooks, and branches of trees and other debris were ooming down the turbulent waters. There was much risk in making the attempt; besides, she could not leave Amabel. They had not been more than five minutes in the water, yet such had been the exertion that she felt more tired than if she had swum a mile. She did not know what to do, there was very little likelihood of help coming before dark. The gray shades were already falling; exposure meant oertain illness, if not death. Her strong nerves gave way, she turned to Amabel for oounael, bat she was past speaking, and then, helpless, despairing, she cried in a low voice of agony, " Help I help I" The low wail reached a horseman who, riding irresolutely up the stream, seeking a erosßing, yet longing to turn and take shelter at Orange Lea, knowing if he did so honour would be for ever lost to him, for Bernard Abinger could not trust himself in another interview with Mabel. He had spent that week in hard work riding from one apot to another directing, advising, never sparing himself, and by his exertions saving many thousand pounds to Conynghame; and was now returning to Willawilla, believing Mabel safe at Orange Lea, when a low wail came through the air, faint and distant. He listened. It was repeated^ the sound oame from the river, and he galloped In the direction. The rain had ceased, and now the faint, red, watery sun shone out and showed him the forms of two women elingina to the tree. He looked, wondering who oonla be alone in such weather, theft with a wild heart throb he cried, "Mabel, Mabel, my darling, I'm coming to you; wait but one instant." And, with whip and voice and spur urging his horse, forced him through the water. It was dangerous work, for great snags were ooming down the tide; but he struggled on, and rising in his stirrup held Mabel in his arms; he laid her on the saddle before him, and tried to turn, but his horse lost his footing on the huge round boulders beneath, and was oaught by the stream, swimming for life. With great difficulty Bernard headed for shore, whioh after a perilous passage he at last reached. " Amabel!" gasped Mabel, as soon as she could speak; " she is there, on the tree. Save her, save her; you should hare taken her first!" " I did not know it was she; besides, I could not, she was out of reach. I will go now!" " Too late, see!" And as she spoke a huge log struck the already weakened tree, carrying it down the torrent, Amabel shrieking wildly for help. Bernard in horror galloped madly down the beach, hero le3s rooky than before, striving to head the current, and, plunging in, rescue the perishing girl, bat boshes impeded his progress, and he was still further hindered when the bank began to rise into a rather steep hill, up which he could only go slowly, until, having traversed about a mile in this fashion, he knew his searoh to be hopeless. The tree with Amabel, even had she kept her hold for so long, would ere this have been carried over the falls, and he knew there was no help. The sun had set, and the rain was again falling slowly, as though to last all night, and, full of grief at the untimely fate of one so young and fair, he retraced his way to Mabel. He placed her upon his horse in silenoe, walking by her side until they reached Grange Lea. Onoe only did he speak. " I would have saved her, Mabel." " I am sure of it," she answered. By daybreak searoh parties went out to seek for the lost maiden, but it was Dennis who found her. He and Peter, knowing nothing of the accident, had ridden the day before to Willawilla, and started in the early morning to meet her riding back from Orange Left. They had gone to the usual crossing place on the river, bolow the falls, and found it impassable, and rode up the bank. After a short distance they came upon the dead body of a horse, a lady's saddle still on his back, broken, and recognised Amabel's bag. Fearing an acoident they separated, Peter down and Dennis up the river. Looking carefully for what he dreaded to find Dennis saw among the rooks just above the falls something white; he scrambled down and found Amabel, still breathing, but half insensible and terribly bruiaod and out, and as he raised her she moaned piteotuly. He could not carry heHM/*ufc-»6re her; wel} above the reach of ttevrfa-tor, and M^. Her" beneath the shade of sWe/bnsheSiOi&oitne sun,; then rode furiouslyfaYfev JftteWdbeying as he rode. He soon me\\ him, 4od, sending him for help, re turned to Amabel; jtwatf little he could do for her; she did^n^t |^of( him, and only moaned from time to tim&. 'He wrapped his coat about her, for she was but half clad, and began to chafe the numbed and bruised limbs, and then he found her arm was broken; and, thankful she was not conscious of the pain, tried to rouse her no more. Help oame at last, and they carried her to her home; but it was several days before she knew anyone, and then could give but a con fused account of her escape. She thought the tree had been washed to the opposite side of the river, and caught by the rooks; she re membered scrambling off and reaching dry land, that was all. But later she asked to see Bernard, alone; he had returned to the station directly it was possible to cross the river; having spent several days uncertain whether Amabel were dead or alive, and blaming him self for what he could not prevent. When he obeyed her summons she was lying pale and weak on a couch, her arm in a sling. He sat by her, shocked at her appearance. "Bernard," she said, without any preamble, "is Mabel the girl you loved before and thought had deceived you ?" •' Yes, Amabel; God forgive me 1" ••Ah!" "I will keep my promise to yon, Amabel, I will make you a good husband" She Btopped him with a gesture. •• I can not speak much; I am weary. You love her best; I heard what you said in the water, and now I know you called upon her name, not mine, when you were ill. It was my mistake, but I am glad I know be/ore it is too late. Now take back your pledge," she continued, giving him her left hand," I cannot remove it myself, my other arm is broken." •• No," he said, taking the wasted fingers in his; "I will not give you up." "You must; I will never marry you now; you belong to Mabel—you were never mine." •• Then keep the ring as a pledge of friend* ship; you are too weak now to argue; but, remember, I am still bound to you," and, kissing the slender fingers, he left her. On the veranda he met Mr. Conynghame, who seemed much perturbed. "Is this true what Peter tails me, Mr. Abingir? I hope not. I know ha bears you no good will." " It's quite true," said that youth, coming forward; "I saw him making love to Miss Forestier at the picnic, and she seemed to like it too." For, hearing of Mabel's early depar ture from the neighbourhood, he had lost all hope of winning her for himself, and resolved to set his rival into trouble. •'lk is true; I was affianced to Miss Fores tier in England," replied Bernard haughtily; " bat I am ready to fulfil my engagement to your daughter." " Mot unless you love her best" Bernard could not lie. " I have loved Mist Forestier all my life," he said; " but lam very fond of Amabel, and will do my best by her. When I asked her to be my wife I thought Mabe^was married." " Then it is all over. I will not give my child to another woman's lover." A few days later, at Amabel's earnest request, Mabel came to see her; what the two girls said to one another they never told, but Mabel's eyes were full of tears when she thanked the old squatter for all his kindness, and begged his forgiveness. "It was not your fault, my lass," he replied; "he loved yon first, and yours is a face to be loved; take an old man's blessing, and may you be happy. My little girl's heart is aohing sorely; I would have spared her the pang, but it was not to be, and she most live down her sorrow as best she can." Six months later Amabel read the announce ment of the marriage of Bernard and Mabel, and, turning to Dennis, who was her com panion, said: "I am best with my own people, and we must be good friends as Wore, Dennis." " Nothing more, Amabel?" "Nothing; what would you be?" But Dennis did not reply; and whether he asked tho question again with another answer, when time had soothed her sorrow, I do not know; but when I knew her she was still Amabel Conynghame. [THBBMD,]