CHAPTER V. 

 We left Mr. Asshur caught in a situation of his own deserving, where it may safely be conjectured that his reflections were more bitter than wholesome. It is one thing to bite and, quite another to be bitten - bitten he was, both actually and figuratively ! There are natures which accept pleasures with humility, and punishment with composure. 

 But Asshur's was a nature at once avaricious and self-centred. He was half frantic with rage at his his sudden belittlement ; he cursed the day, the rocks, and his bad luck, but he did not blame himself for the mishap. In his mind, there was no suspicion of repentance for his base behaviour, but a malignant hatred for the woman who had defied and defeated him. He swore that she should regret her actions and he tempered the tedium of incarceration by drawing mental pictures of Sibby in his power ; Sibby spurned and Sibby outcast, and other pleasing fictions extremely unlikely to be realised. When he was, at length, released 

 from his predicament, he described very glibly to his grinning men 'the accident,' sulked at home for a day or two, dropped a venomous insinuation about Sibby to his housekeeper, Mrs. Dawson, and went 

 off to Melbourne, hobbling 

 on the damaged leg, which he dared not show, as he could not account for Rory's teethmarks. 

 When Sibby had discharged her errand - glad to have 

 seen one of the men rather 

 than Mrs. Dawson, whose curiosity it would 

 have been harder to rebut ; she rode slowly homeward up the stony track, 

 her mind still in a turmoil of indignation at 

 Asshur's treachery and of thankfulness for her 

 deliverance and the advantage it had given her. She 

 doubted that his promise would 

 be kept and was still faintly 

 uneasy about the future. The pony had had a hard day of mountain- 

 scrambling, and as 

 his mistress watered and fed him, she became 

 aware of an unfamiliar 

 voice rising and falling assertively within the 

 hut. As she raised the 

 great wooden latch on the door it was saying : " -only persons in a position to restore -" 

 but when she entered the voice stopped, and she was confronted by a stranger. He was a small man, very sandy-haired on his face, but bald on his head. He was dressed like a townsman, and he rose and stared at Sibby interrogatively when she walked in. 

 " My daughter," said old Yorke, in his deep, hollow voice, keeping a watchful gaze on the stranger. 

 The little man, whose city eyes were startled by Sibby's boyish style of 

 dress, was young enough to be instantly struck by 

 her undoubted beauty, 

 and made her a very respectful bow. 

 " This gentleman has come to see me on business," continued the old man. " I had only cold food to set before him at dinner. Give us something hot, Sib." 

 " Very well, father," acquiesced the girl, who was tired and hungry herself, and somewhat astonished at the visitor, and the unprecedented circumstance of her father having any business that was unknown to her. There was also something new and strange in his manner, which excited her without her knowing why. He seldom spoke except in monosyllables, barely indicating his meaning ; but now he uttered this comparatively long sentence quite naturally, and with a dignity of manner she had never observed in him before. The stranger, too, of whose name and business she was still ignorant, watched her with a sort of fascinated deference that made her uncomfortable. On the table stood a rough, iron-bound box, that Yorke had always kept under his bed. It was open, and some yellow-looking papers lay beside it. This box had ' Bex Yorke ' roughly cut into its lid. 

 " Where is Gilbert ? " she asked. 

 " I sent him out," said her father, gruffly, and without more ado, Sibby set about preparing a meal. As she walked in and out of the room, moving from the skillion at the back to the fireplace, she caught fragments of their conversation, although it was now carried out in low tones. Sibby gathered that the stranger was urging her father to sign a paper he had brought with him, and was overcoming the old man's objections one by one. At last he prevailed, and instantly whipping out a pen (which held its own ink !) got Yorke to affix his name, and Sibby to sign as a witness. He then gathered up and numbered the papers on the table and made out in a neat hand an inventory in duplicate. He handed one of these 

 to Yorke, with receipt appended. Then he tied up the whole into a bundle and pocketed it. The meal waa a silent one, the stranger staring covertly at Sibby with his keen, light blue eyes, and addressing an occasional tentative remark which she scarcely knew how to answer. Then, saying significantly to old Yorke, " You will hear from me as soon as possible." He then took his departure, with Gilbert to guide him to the shepherd's hut below, where he had left his horse. 

 

 The stranger's visit was a surprising episode, and Sibby, being particularly human, was devoured with curiosity. Yet, she did not dare to question her father and waited, hoping he would confide in her. But he relapsed into his usual taciturnity and made no attempt to explain their unusual visitor. A certain pride now chilled her interest, and the matter began to fade out of her mind, as she had so many other things to do. With Gilbert's help, she had managed to grub and clear nearly an acre of rough, but fertile land and to add on to their little cultivation paddock. Stoning and levelling this, splitting slabs from any suitable timber, cutting and hauling the rest to the wood heap, burning the butts, shifting and extending the stub fence - all this kept her very busy, and ensured her the deep nightly slumber of the dog-tired ! Then, the new ground had to make acquaintance with the plough, and, the old to be fallowed. It was a picturesque sight, that of Sibby ploughing - a quaint symbol of agriculture 

 

 being wrested from a mountain wilderness. A sedate, old, white mare drew the clumsy implement (every part of which had been originally forged by old-Yorke) with Billy-the- Devil snorting on in the lead, giving Gilbert all he could do to keep him in the furrow. The brown sod turned over evenly from the mould-board and Sibby set her foot on its crumbling richness, ploughman fashion, rejoicing in her strength, and drawing deep breaths of the sweet earth-scent. She loved field work ; certainly ploughing was rather heavy work, but give her a spade, and a kindly soil to turn over, and who so blithe as Sibby-the-Hunter, whistling as she delved ! Then a cow fell sick from eating a weed, calves had to be brought in and branded, bush fires watched, and so more than a month slipped away 

 without Sibby having once seen or even heard of Asshur. 

 

 One day, a shepherd returning to the Lakes from a visit to the township, brought word that a 

 letter for old Yorke was lying at the Cressy post office, and after their twelve o'clock dinner Sibby was despatched to fetch it. Before leaving, she held a court of enquiry as to household wants, and as she was counting out the few coins in the family treasury (a tin match box), Yorke, to her amazement, pulled out of his pocket a little roll of crisp paper, and throwing her two one-pound notes, bade her buy herself some new clothes and bring him a bottle of whisky ! She rode smartly down the range, and covered the twelve miles of flat country to Cressy at Billy-the-Devil's best pace. The letter was duly forthcoming, the post mistress handing it out with evident interest, it 

 being the first one to that address which had ever passed through her hands. As for Sibby, she had never written or received a letter in her life, and wrapped this one up with as much care as if it had been a deed for all of Tasmania ! She 

 

 subsequently proved that there is a deal of spending in two pounds, even in a country store, and, thanks to the counsel and assistance of Mrs. Cameron, the proprietor's kindly wife, (who slipped a little present in the parcel and gave her a cup of tea) she made so late a job of it that it was late in this delightful afternoon before she got away from the township, Billy-the-Devil profoundly disgusted at being laden like a pack-horse. By the time she neared the foot of the range the day was winding up its affairs, its eyes drooping with heaviness. Where the brightness of sunset lingered, stealthy shadows crept, while a filmy dusk closed in overhead, like wings of down unfurling. The figured hills, defining the valley, wore a desolate face in the afterglow and began to melt away into the depths of the hollows. 

 The field-cricket had a word to say and shrilled his good-night, with bursts of insistence, as the twilight unfolded. Cattle drowsed in the long, dry grass, while some careful rams were snatching yet another mouthful of the abundant verbiage. The fitful yelping of a dog across the river, made a little break in the calm, but was followed by a deeper repose when at last it quietened. 

 At the head of the ravine, the dominant peak of the Western Tier stood like a grim old monarch watching, the daily eclipse of his kingdom. Beyond, where the darkening sky still held some brightness, there shone a glittering dust of light which hung trembling like some magical effect. 

 

 Hidden by the shoulder of a hill, a great fire was burning and smoke wound down to the glen, diffusing in a haze that crept and crept into the dusk, and trailed its pungent odour into the night's air. At this moment , when the world was gliding into sleep, the last blaze of brightness in the heavens fell down, and a little horned moon was instantly set above the hill, the sign and seal of a new sovereignty. 

 As Sibby approached Turfa - Anssur's rambling old homestead - she caught glimpses of a white form, flitting among the trees in the overgrown garden, and when she came nearer, she heard a woman's voice singing. She pulled in the pony and kept him on the grass near the hedge to 

 listen better. 

 " It was a dream - it was a dream. 

 Again I listen'd to breeze and bird, Again my darling's voice I heard, It was a dream - it was a dream, 

 We kissed beneath the moon's soft beam." 

 " It was a dream, it was a dream," sang the sweet soprano voice, with a passion and purity that powerfully affected Sibby. She adored music, and it was the first time she had ever heard a note sung by a cultivated voice. It was her first introduction to refined intonation and the beauty of vocal culture in a lady. She sat motionless, eagerly listening, but instead of more sweet sounds, a hoarse laugh broke the silence, and the glowing tip of a cigar moved across the space between two trees. Sibby passed on, but was stopped at the bottom of the fence by a woman standing 

 there, with an apron over her head. It was Mrs. 

 Dawson. 

 " Have ye heard the news ? " she called in a loud, 

 coarse voice. 

 " Who was that singing in the garden ? " replied Sibby, who could think of nothing else. 

 " Why, that's the news," she said, laughing spitefully. " The boss's back, and he's fetched a missus home Got married in Melbourne ! He's a sly one. That's her singing. She's a beauty too, as fair as they make make 'em." She peered up into Sibby's dark face. " He's 

 terrible sweet on her too ! " 

 " I'd like to hear her sing again," said Sibby dreamily, riding on and leaving Mrs. Dawson, 

 who had hoped to upset her, somewhat disconcerted.