A FINE FORTUNE. BY J. C. F. JOHNSON, Author ol M On the Wallaby," " Over the Island," "Christmas on Carringa," &c." CHAPTER IV. I.O&WQS SEHK1NG8 AM® TEIXING WHAT gill FRANCIS LOST. Something the heart must have to cherish ; Must love, and joy, and sorrow learn Something with passion clasp, or perish And in itself to ashes burn. ' IIONGFELLOW. To speed to-day. to be put back to-morrow; To teed * on * hope, * to * pine - with * * feare * and sorrow: To fret thy soule with crosses and with cares ; To eate thy heart through comlortlesse despaires. SPENCER. The nurse to Sir Francis Foringham's heir was old servant of his wife's family, who had married much against their wish a wild, reputed fisherman, named Richard Tremuau, who tive years before the death of Lady Foringham, had been sent oat to Botany Biy, as the consist settlement in New South Wales was usually called at that time. He had long borne a suspicions character, and was not a favourite of the Squire's on account of his poaching reputation; for Sir Francis, though not a great sportsman himself, was a strict game preserver, and felt the strongest antipathy to the poaching fraternity, which, as the game was plentiful, was strongly represented in the neighbourhood. For some time after his marriage, Tremuau had apparently mended his ways, and was begin* ning to lose the bad name which had previously been bestowed upon him. He was doing well at his legitimate business, for he WBS an unusually daring and skilful sailor in a district where nearly all men of his class are of necessity bold and smart sailors; but a bad pilchard season and the unusual vigilance of the Revenue officers, caused the fisherman's earnings to sink almost to nothing, and he returned to his former mode of making money by bagging Squire Foringham's pheasants and hares for sale in the London market. The money thus easily got was as easily spent, and in consequence Tremaun soon returned to hb eld haunts at the low public-houses, and from neglecting began to ill-treat his wife. Rendered bold by his success in poaching, and becoming callous from his mode of life, Tremuan at length became so reckless that the inevitable termination came. An affray took place between the keepers and poachers one night, in which one ol the former was struck down and severely injured. Tremuan and several of his companions were taken, and Sir Francis stated his determination to do his utmost to secure their transportation. • There was little question of Tremuan's guilt, and if the Squire were so minded there was even less doubt what his punishment would be. Mary Tremuan loved her brutal husband, and clang to him in his misfortune. She came to the gentle X&dy Foringham in her grief, and earnestly begged her intercession with Sir Francis on her husband's behalf. Moved by her old servant's entreaty lady Foringham consented, bat with small hope of euccesf. The result proved to be that which she feared. Sir Francis had made op his mind te prosecute the game stealers with the utmost rigour, and nothing could move him from his purpose. Reluctantly Lady Foringham returned to her client and mingled her tears with those of the unfortunate wife, who was inconsolable. Tremuan and his accomplices were tried, and sentenced to fourteen yean* transportation, and sailed for Australia, When Lady Foringham's child was born, Mary, who had re-entered the service of her old mistress, to whom she was much attached, was installed aa head nurse to the young heir of the Hallida.ce estates. The child throve well, and Hary proved a fond and careful guardian. She was taken into high favour by Sir Francis after his wife's death, because of her fondness for his boy, who was baptised Frederick Vane Foringham, and nearly twelve months passed qnietlv away, Sir Francis, immersed in his books, and only leaving them to visit his child's nursery. Daring the time that had elapsed Bince Richard Tremuan was exiled, his wife had heard nothing of him. The first birthday of the young heir was approaching, but for several ween previously the other servants noticed that Mary appeared to be out of health. She was either feverishly excited, or greatly dispirited, and had several time* been found crying over the child as it lay asleep in her lap. Her pale and dejected looks even attracted the attention of Sir Francis, who, though absent and unnoticing in most things, was keenly observant of all the surroundings of his child. But Mary persisted that there was nothing the matter with her, and the preparations for keeping her charge's birthday with great rejoicing were pushed forward. Mary paid several visits to the village, a somewhat nnusual thing for her. and old Miles Penrose the gardener, came suddenly upon her at the orchard gate one evening in earnest conversation with Tom Tregellas, eon of the landlord of the low inn at the cross roads, where poachers and other bad' characters were in the faabit of meeting. " Aw, my dear" said he to his crony, old Zacky Baragwaweth now the head groom; "et peared loike es they was staartled wen waunce they clapped eyes on to me. I axed young Tom what'ee was waanten up to house so laate. but'ee awnly gaave I lake es tbo' eed strick me ef ee durst, and waalked away. And Mrs. Mary, she ben turned round an waalkin off to house so quick loike. Fspose we best tell Garge gamekeeper kep bright lake out for young hopeful." " Thee ded'nt 'ear what es they was spekiu bout, did'e ?" said old Zacky. "Shud'nt wonder ef 'twas eome news 'bout that theer Dick Tremuan es 'ee wus tellen of her." " Shud'nt be surproised, I shud'nt," said old Miles '* I 'spose waater was'nt maade deep enough cud dround 'ee. Ee wor the most desmal acoundrul round these paarte. I hope as how they loike an better wheer they got an now." " Theer be nawthing theer awnly woild beers, en kangaroos, en sich loike ovver in Australia. Tes dismal plaace theer sure nough" replied his friend, " so twont matter much. Well, I think 'twas weer-duty tell Sir Francis, 'bout es how Mrs. Mary be kepin up friendly with they low pepple ovver to Gross Rooad Inn." Had old- Miles been a little quicker in his movement, or had he approached the nurse and her companion more quietly, he would have heard something which Sir Francis Foringham would have given all he was worth to have had a hint i f ; and had the old fellow been even a little leas deliberate in carrying out his expressed determination of telling his master of the nurse's intercourse with the notorious Tregellas family. ©•ir story might never have been written. Next day was that preceding the birthday lete; but when the woman who had acted as i outer mother to the baby awoke, she found that fctr charge was not in his cot. This at first gava ier 110 uneasiness, as she was a heavy sleeper, end Wary, not unfrequently waking first at the 1 aby'a cry, would take him to her own bed; bu 1 ; when it was found that Mary was not in her rcom, the undernurse became alarmed, and the household was thrown into consternation by the news that Mrs. Tremuan and Master Frederick were missing. Mary's strange conduct previously was thought of, and fears were felt that her. mind had become unhinged, and that she had destroyed herself and her charge. The half-frantic father caused the house and grounds to be searched without result. The ornamental water was dragged, but still nothing was found to account for the disappearance. A messenger was dispatched to the nearest police station, and several constables were sent to assist jn searching the neighbourhood. Then old Miles spoke up, and told his master of the interview he had interrupted. This seemed to throw a new light on the matter, and Sir Francis immediately sent to London for a first-ctess dettctive, to come down to Hallidane Park, in order that the matter might be thoroughly investigated. - " I think there are but two conclusions to come to, Sir Francis,'" said the detective, after a patient enquiry into the whole circumstances ef the disappearance had been made, and no traces of the missing ones could be discovered—"either the woman has destroyed herself and the child, which I do not believe, as some of tier own and tbe baby's clothes have been taken, or she has had a communication from that rascally husband of hex's, and has gone out to Australia to him, taking the child with her. May I ask have you any reason to suppose that she was in possession of sufficient money to carry her so far ?" " She was in receipt of good wages, and has had many presents besides for her care of my boy,? replied the father hoarsely. "She was always a saving woman, and would probably have been able to lay by sixty to a hundred pounds." " She has left nothing of real value behind her. and I think, Sir, you may make up your mind that it is her intention to make her way to her husband. She has probably take a tbe child with her at his instigation, though -why he should wish to encumber himself with tbe boy I confess I don't quite understand, unless to revenge himself on you. That old scoundfel Tregellas and his son know more than they mil say about this business, I think, Sir, the better plan will now be for me to get back to London post baste, and by communicating with theautborities at all the seaports from which ahips fer Australia are likely to sail prevent her from leaving the country, if she has i ot yet got away. I will also send a new man down here, who will introduce himself to the Tregellas gang as a London game buyer 4 on the crost>,' and see if he can worm out their caper. 9 " Thank you, Mr. Turner," replied the almost broken-hearted Baronet, "and if we 3nd that the. woman has left the oountry I will myself follow 1 er to the ends of the earth to recover my child. I have a relative who is settled somewhere in Australia, who was a captain in the army. He nay be able to assist me in my search. We qusnelled once in our youth, but he will surely have forgotten it now that our hair is grey. If, it is money these people want to extort, I will' gladly give anything they ask, but I must have ujy boy ; and by Heaven I will never rest until I have recovered the charge my poor girl left in my keeping. My boy ! My boy! the one tie that bound me to the world." CHAPTER V. JEPSTEB AND CO. In spring when the wattle cold trembles 'Twist shadow and shine When each deep-laden air-draught resembles A long draught of wine: When the sky-line's blue bomish'd resistance Slakes nearer the dreamiest distance Some soDg in all hearts hath existence— Such songs have been mine. A. Ii. Gop-Doh". It was a bright clear day in August wnen the little tattered tilt of Caiico Jack's cart was to be seen moving through the openings in the parklike clearing with its spreading blackwoods that surrounded the home station of Willandoula. The swelling ridges were waving with long silky grass, golden with dandelions, and purple with wUd hyacinths, that with the clumps of yellow wattle or clusters of boxtree blossom, made the air heavy with fragrance. Here and there a hoary stump of some longfallen forest giant was ablaze with trailing KenneJias, or " scarlet-runners," as they are usually termed, while the heaths, cltorizemas, and native vielets helped to make up a carpet of gay colours such as no loom in the world ever wove. The nesting birds called to each other from the trees. Now an impudent cock magpie with shining black waistcoat came swooping down on the moving cart, then passing away with a rushing sound from some tall dead limb ina burst of liquid melody proclaimed to his admiring mate the entire discomfiture of tbe intruder, and his own undaunted bravery. Little Jacky Bluecap kept his bold beady eye on the swaying cart as in his handsome uniform of blue and black he marshalled his soberly-clad little company through the openings uf the log-fence, or a gorgeous king lowry flew by in all the glory of his crimson coat, and with a whistling shriek flashed out of sight in the belt of forest. The creek, all dry and dusty at the crossingplace a few months before, was, now that the winter floods had passed, singing over the stones in its shallows, and gliding silently onward in the long holes where the water lay deep and still throughout nine months of the year. Where the blackfisb, eels, and tiny but savoury spotted trout rewarded the bush angler, who wished a change of diet from tbe wearying round of mutton and damper; where the turtles floated silently in the sunshine, and water-rats splashed. about the rushy banks In the short shadowy twilight; where at times that most timid nondescript, the duck-billed platypus, might be seen poking his bird-like beak from a clump of weed to disappear like a shadow on the slightest noise; or where a pair of black ducks would sometimes break the stillness of the sleeping pools as they skimmed into the water, or a little flock of bright-eyed teal would fly quacking away as Bullocky Bill came to draw water for the hut, causing that unpoetic individual to consign himself to a warm place for not having brought his gun. What Australian boy—who ever was a boy (some are born so very old now-a-days)—has not known and loved such a stream as this—baa not longed for the Saturday holiday, if he were a town boy, that he might rush off with achoolbag stuffed full of good ploughman slices of bread and meat, and with his companions make a day of it by the river, building mia-mias. lighting camp fires, and imagining themselves explorers in far Australian wilds. Coming home tired and hungry at nightfall, bearing with them the results of the day's sport—long rushes strung with trout, bags fall Of mushrooms, rash baskets full of little wild raspberries (a treat for mother), birds' eggs, flowers, and boyish treasures of all sorts; or at times—a special treat—when the looming hills threw their dusk shadows on the water, clustered round the odorous stick fire, as the '' billy" boiled for tea; and as the glorious Cross of the South slowly climbed the heavens, lay close together on the sloping bank, with the firelight from behind flickering on the river, and intently watched the floats of the eel lines with their white tips of cockatoo feather, whilst some one told the most blood-curdling stories of bushrangers, bush-fires, and bush adventures of all kinds, interrupted now and again by a rush to a line, and the withdrawal from the water of a slimy, wriggling, silver eel. Is it true that genuine poetic sentiment really lurks beneath the rough manners and wild careless abandon of boyhood ? else why do our boys always as by a natural instinct choose the most beautiful places in which to spend their happy holidays ? Ah! where is the old boy who has memories of such hours as these in early springs and glowing summers who cannot sing with poor old John Greegan— " O • God be with those happy times, O ! God be with^ny childhood." In the meantime, Calico Jack's little cart is jolting over the road, and he stops to water the old mare at the crossing-place before going through the last slip-panels to the station. As nsual, he_ is talking softly to himself, and this is what he is saying:— " I wonder will the little chap know me, four, BO six months, since I saw him. Well, please God, I'll take my fortune with me now; he'll be such company, and I can fill up time teaching him as much as I know myself, which ain't a great heap anyhow. There'll be a shindy with Mrs. O'Leary an'd the women folks of course. Strange, women all think a man can't possibly know aught about a child. Well, we'll see what we shall see." Re flapped the reins on the old mare's back, and mounted the rise to the station huts, drawing up in front of the bark-roofed slab mansion of Dan O'Leaiy, the stockman, amid a chorus of shrill " Hurrahs" and cries of " Here's Jack" from the throats of the numerous fiery-headed scions of the house. Jack patted the curly heads of several of the urchins, and moving to the door caught up in his arms a toddler of about two years old, who, it was very easy to see, was not of the O'Leary stock, and who was shyly clinging to the doorpost, but who upon being raised put his arms round tbe old man's neck, and nestling close to him said softly. "It's Dzack." It was as pretty a picture of youth and age as one would wish to see, as the old hawker, passing through the low doorway, seated himself on a settle with the little fellow clasped in his arms, and the sweet baby face pressed close to his weather-beaten cheek. So thought buxom Mrs. O'Leary, as in a state of dishabille she rushed out of the inner room, and fehaking the old man by the hand, cried, " Faith, Jack, ye caught me changia' meself, but sure I cudn't stop till I was tidied up, wantin' to see ye." " Beauty unadorned, you know, Mrs. O'Leary," replied the old fellow gallantly, " is " " Usha be aisy now. Jack, an' don't be talkin' nonsense, an' me wantin' to know how ye are these six months, and how's yer rheumatis this winther, an'did ye wear the red flanniu 'that I tould ye, for it's only red flannin that has the vartue, an' did ye take the yarb tay I med ye-; an', oh Lord, hew are ye at all, at all, and the oarliii' there only axin' yestherday for Dzack." " I've been well and hearty, thank you kindly, Mrs. O'Leary; and how have you all been ? I needn't ask about the boy, his cheeks answer for the care you have taken of him, for which Heaven bless you." "Holy Vargin, is it the weeshy darlin'? Faith, an' why would I be thanked for what 'twas a pleasure to do ? Indeed, Jack, an' do you think ? tis a haythen Turk I am that I wouldn't do me best for him?" " And has Captain Foringham made out anything more about the poor woman that I found dead?" enquired the hawker, "or about the child?" "Divil a ha'porth more nor ye tould yerself atthe inquist ;but, d'ye know, Jerry Graham was over from Pingallalasht mouth, an' he was tellin' Mrs. Tom Markley—that's at the out-station over beyant—that just a week or so before you found the woman he was out over our run lookin' for some horses that's missin' ever since, and when he came up to Crosscut Dick's shanty in the peppermint paddock, where he was fencin' thin, he heard a woman's vaice as if she was singin' to a child, bnt whin they heard his horse comin' the singin' hushed and Dick kem to the doore an' didn't want him to come in, but led him away, purtindin' for to show him some horse thracks was down by the Myrtle Creek." "Did Captain Foringham hear ttds?" said Jack. " He did thin, but shure 'twas no use. Dick got his cheque and clared out a month ago, when he finished up that bit av fencin, an' nobody knows where he's gone to; but they say that there's been three or four ould hands av the wrong soort ronnd lately, an' that there's horses missin' from all the stations about. Troth, it's meself that never cud bear that Dick. There was gallus marked im his ugly face it ever I seen it anywhere." " Well, ni make it my business to look that Bp a bit," said Jack. " Dye know I had a notion all along that Crosscut Dick knew something of this matter. There was something about the way he gave his answers made me think it. He's a real bad lot, I know, for I've heard of him from the Sydney side, where he came from. I remember too once hearing him say he'd left a wife in the old country. I wonder could that woman we buried have been her. By George! Mrs. O'Leary, did the woman have a wedding ring on when you laid her out, because she had when I found her, and it just strikes me I didn't 'see it on her hand when we were holding the inquest." " Well, thin, she didn't," said Mrs. O'Leary; " but by thatBame token I shows d Mrs. Markley, that was helpin' me. the mark .ou the finger where the ring wonst was, and said she was a married woman." " Then we must get this properly looked up," said Jack. " This little chap's fortune depends, perhaps, on clearing up who the woman was. Somehow, jou know, I never thought she was his mother, for the boy shows breeding to my mind, and she was only a working woman, but, lor, you never can tell. However, he goes with me new, and HI see Captain Foringham before I go to sleep to-night." " What's that you're sayin, Jack, about takin tbe babby wid yon ?" said Mrs. O'Leary sharply. "Are ye,mad, an'us takiu'the finest of good care of him an' willin' to bring him up ? You cudn't rare him anyway." " I found him, and I mean to keep him," said Calico Jack firmly. " Bosh about me not rearing him. Why not, I'd like to know? D'ye think I don't know how to take care of a youngster ? Now I know what you're going to say. Well, and what if I didn't ever own a child before ? I'm going to have one now any how." " But, Jack, be rasinable now an' listen to me." " No, I've said it and I'll stick to it. He's the fortune I found on a New Year's Day, and Fm going to stick to him. Lor bless you, I understand babies a little, I hope. Besides, this here chap ain't a baby. Are you, young un ?" said he to the now laughing child that he was dancing on his knee. " Why, he's grown a man almost in the time you've been taking care of him, Mrs. O'Leary. What's your name, Sir ?" "Fed.," lisped the child. " Fred, it is; right you are, but Fred, what ?'' "Fed. Fotin." '•Hoora for you! Give UB your hand, Mr. Fortune. I'm proud to know you, Sir. I've a proposal to submit to you. Sir. I thought of taking you into partnership, of asking you to take ja share in my perambulating general storekeeping business. Jepster and Fortune. That sounds well, anyhow; or lefs soo — Jepster and Co. Ah! that's better. You'll be a sleeping partner. How'll that suit you ? I'll get the sign put up in front of the door as soon as possible." " What do you say to that idea, Mrs. O'Leary?" " Faith, I say you're the funniest cratiur out an' out iver I clapped me two blessed eyes ou since I was born, so you are, Jack. But now " " And fine black eyes they are, Mrs. O'Leary; and a proud man Dan O' Leary ought to be to have such a pleasant-featured woman to look at night and morning," interrupted the wily old hawker. "Arrah, to the deuce wid yer blarnying tongue, Jack. Sure is it making a fool of me you'd be?" said the not displeased matron. " But now come, be a raisinable crathur for wanBt, an' say you'll lave the babby wid me that can take the best care av him ?" "But, Mrs.O'Leary,you forget the advantages which I offer to this young gentleman in return for his services as sleeping partner in the concern." " Oh, batherashin wid yer 'vantages. Don't be sittin' there forninst me actin' loike a fool." " Be this an' be that, bnt I'd betther be travelling back the way I kem," said the head of the house of O'Leary, putting his head inside the door at this juncture. " Faith, av its that way herself does be talkin to you, Jack, it's the contintg av the three-legged stool she's got ready for me. Shure, what's this all, I'd loike to know ?" " Oh, thin, Dan, will you talk to this hathin that's goin to carry the babby, that I rared 'a most from the dead I may say, out into the woild worrld wid himself an' his crabbed ould dog in that ricketty ould shandherydan that he does be callin his thravellin emporium." Cried the wife. " Well, good woman, shure Jack has the best roight to say what'll he do wid the child; not but what I'm sorry he's goin' to take it away whin we'd got to love it, the crathur. Bnt, Molly, have'nt we the childhur av our own to console us?" "My dear friends," said Jack feelingly, "I owe you a good deal for the kindness you've shown to my little Fred, but I'm in earnest when I say I mean to have him with me; not altogether for my own Bake, though he'll be right good company for me that has been so much alone, but because I mean to proteot him and if possible to find out who and what his friends are. If anything should happen to tbe boy I would not forgive myself, and I can't help fancying that Crosscut Dick may have some notion of interfering with liim, as I really think he's had something to do with bringing him here. So 111 see Captain Foringham tonight, and in the morning little Fred and I will begin a new life as partners in the travelling emporium." CHAPTER VI. An OLD SCHOOL SQUAT TIB. " That in the captain's bat a choleric word." MEASCTBE Foa MEASURE. " 'Tis a dark world, and no man helps another; 'Tis a dark world, and no man sees so plain As he believes he sees, excepting those Who are stone blind, and know it." A SOUL IN PBISON. In these days of enlightenment and progress all are so well informed that they are thoroughly posted up in the geography and physical features of the Loo Choo Islands and in the social characteristics of the Loo Choo Islanders, and even know something of that wild and distant land Australia, of which the capital is now understood to be either Geelong or Port Darwin—but as Ohe is a suburb of the other it does not much matter which—and it is also well known that Victoria is the capital of Adelaide, New Ssuth Wales, and is situated on the River Brisbane. AO this being established beyond a doubt in the minds of all well-read persons, it is almost superfluous to say that tbe conditions of life of all grades in the colonies have materially altered during the past twenty-five years. People who then began at the bottom of the social ladder have reached the top, whilst many who in early days were perched at a dizzy altitude above their fellows, have since, Humpty-Dumpty-like, " bad a great fall," and may now be found straining their eyes after the rapidly disappearing forms of their more energetic or more fortunate rivals. If the hypothesis be correct that it takes four generations to make a gentleman, as many people hold, then the flourishing group of provinces that compose the embryotic Empire of the future, Australian nation is far too young to have as yet a genuine aristocracy. An aristocracy of wealth we have, and are rapidly acquiring an aristocracy of letters; but it will take many years yet ere we have a patrician class corresponding to those of the lands from which our people were derived. We have laid the foundation whereon such & structure may be reared, the bottom coarse of which is or was composed of careful long-headed fellows without high birth, good education, or large fortune to assist them, who succeeded in accumulating vast wealth, and in many cases enormous lauded estates, often as extensive as an English county. In the beginning of all civilization the feeder of flocks and herds is the pioneer, and so it has been in the settlement of the superior race in the Great South Land." Therefore iu Australia a considerable majority of our most prominent men are either pastoralists or interested more or less in pastoral pursuits. Fortunes— and great fortunes too—have been made by otber modes, but although we find him rather in the way now at times, and are icclined to cry out at tbe manner in which he has been permitted to become the owner of immense tracts of valuable land, that should have been the heritage of the people, it cannot be denied that it is to the " squatter," or stock farmer, that the development of this outlet for the overcrowded countries of Europe is mainly if not entirely due. And if fortune has smiled upon him, and his lines are now cast in the pleasantest of pleasant places, surely he has earned his success, if only " for the dangers he has passed," for the difficulties he has overcome, for the hardships be haB endured, and for the pluck and energy be has displayed in discovering and stocking the hitherto unvisited aud unknown lands of the interior. Read Julian Woods on "Australian Exploration," and learn from bis graphic pages what the earlier settlers endured, and what with very slender resources they achieved in the way of extending their geographical knowledge of the vast territory of which so little was known, and let their works speak for them. The squatter lord has now his town house, his carriages, horses, troops of servants to wait on him, and all the luxuries he can desire. Then his home was a bark hut, very little better than that of his neighbours the savages, his means of locomotion a stock horse or a bullock dray, for servants a few assigned convicts, who did as little as they could, or turned bushrangers and robbed him. He might possibly get a blackfellow to wait on him, but if so it was usually behind a tree he waited, spear or waddy in hand, and the luxuries of his (the settler's) season were mutton and damper, with damper and mutton for a change, and often little enough of either. The men who as a rule did not ds well for themselves were the gentlemen, who began their colonial experience with capital. There are, of ceurse, numerous exceptions, but as a general rule this has been found to be the case. Even now there are hundreds of well-born and welleducated men occupying most menial positions in both town and country, who began with the fairest prospects. One of the exceptions was Captain Foringham, the owner of Willandoula. He had been an officer in one of the regiments, a portion of which was sent out to New South Wales, in the early part of the century, to control the convicts. In 1835, after Major Mitchell had mads his splendid discovery of the fine lands of Australia Felix, Captain Foringham, who had become possessed' of a small capital by the death of a relative in England, retired upon half-pay, and determined to try his fortune in the newlyfound country, now the famous Western District of Victoria. The Captaiu's long residence in Australia had given him a valuable insight into colonial life and requirements, and he exercised sound judgment in bis selection of the beautiful site for his station, about twenty miles from where the city of Ballarat now stands. He was a widower with one son, who at the time to which we now refer was in England, having just completed his College terms, and was anxiously expected to retunn and take his place in the management of tbe property. Tbe Captain was a dapper little gentleman, of about fifty-eight years of age, who bore himself like a man of Thirty. His grizzled hair was always cut short in the military fashion, his lip and chin were cleanly shaved, but he wore short severely clipped side whiskers. He had keen pale blue eyes, and aquiline awe of Yery large proportionB,and prided himself on his resemblance to the Duke of Wellington. He was short-tempered and impatient of contradiction, but really kind-hearted, and his anger was generally shortlived. He believed devoutly in Church aud Slate, and English superiority over the rest of the universe. He carefully read the service of the Church of England to his assembled household every Sunday morning, and considered himself a most orthodox man, whereas he was, in truth, an out-and-out freethinker, though he would never permit freedom of thought in others, or admit that it was one of his own characteristics. Nothing made Captain Foringham more dogmatically orthodox than the presence of any one whom he suspected of holding heterodox views or opinions; therefore the arrival of old Jack Jepster was always the signal for the Captain to hoist the flag of Church and State, and as he dearly loved an argument he would be sure to have the old hawker up to the house at eich visit, for the ostensible purpose of "bringing him to a proper state of mind," but really to have a good hearty dispute with him on almost any subject. The occasional visit of the itinerating clergyman of the Established Church, on the contrary, provoked in the Captain a violent fit of opposition to all orthodox theology and ecclesiastical authority, so that gentle, peace-loving Mr. Morley, the curate, had a hard time of it at Willaudoula. The Captain was standing in the verandah with a telescope in his hand, which he was directing to a distant portion of the plain where some of his men were yarding sheep. Hearing a footst-p he turned, and greeted his theological enemy with a pleasant smile. " Well, you old heathen, are you back again ?" he said laughingly. "Take a seat, Jack, and excuse me half a minute; those confounded fools out there have gone and boxed a lot of Naylor's sheep with mine, and it will be a deuce of a job to get them separated without knocking them about now they are so heavy in fleece." After watching the drafting operation for a while, and dispatohing a messenger on horseback with some instruction*, the Captain shut un the telescope with a snap, and turning to the old hawker, said:— " Weil, you old sinner, what can I do for you now ?" " I don't know that you can do anything, Sir, but I just wanted to mention a thing or two to you;" and Jack detailed his surmises and suspicions with regard to the dead woman and tbe child, and ended by saying that he purposed taking the little fellow with him. This was the Captain's opportunity, and he at once broke in " Take him with you, indeed; a pretty thing that truly, to give him the benefit of your infidel opinions, you old rascal. Teach him that there's no after-life of reward or punishment, and remove all incentive for him to be a Godfearing and honest man." " No, Sir, though I might tell him we have no actual knowledge of what the futare life will be, but that it is nobler and more worthy of onr God-given higher nature to love God, not fear him; to prove that love by our actions to our fellow-men, and to be honest and virtuous, without hope of reward or fear of punishment." ' And do you dare to say, Sir—do you actually dare to say—that you would put aside all revelation and the teachings of the Church, and would remove all restraint? Why, Sir, your sentiments are worthy of a French Red Republican, but not of a man who professes to be an Englishman. Your doctrines would be subversive of all law and order." " No, indeed, Sir; if we could only educate men up to it, they would see that it is their highest privilege and happiness to be good for tbe good's sake. No man, Sir, can have a greater restraint than that of an educated conscience, and I believe that conscience, after all, is only educated higher consciousness, and to remove all sucb mean incentives as reward or punishment, and train men up to the knowledge of the nobility of manhood, would be the most effectual way to make them virtuous and happy." " Bab, bah, French Communism and Atheism of the worst type. The opinions you hold will cake you— where I don't care to say; but there's my teabell ringing, so I have not time to stay and show you tbe utter falsity of your argument; but if you have nothing^ to do after tea, you might come op, and we will finish that controversy we left off in the middle of the last time you were here, on the authenticity of Genesis. I want to convince yon, Sir, of the absurdity of your notion about the dual authorship and the mingling of the two writings." Then as Jack withdrew the Captain muttered to himself," Confound his cleverness; he speaks like a parson. No, I wrong bim; if the parson spoke as well on the other side, Fm hanged if he wouldn't make a convert of me. I wish I knew who this old fellow was. He is certainly not a gentleman born, but he is a true gentleman notwithstanding, and what's more, he's an infernal clever fellow." This was & sample of the usual war of words ' that ensued whenever Captain Foringham and the hawker met. Jack came up after tea, and concluded the argument on Genesis, but took the precaution to settle the business with respect to tbe boy beforehand. And so satisfactorily that the Captain offered to be at the expense of sending the lad to school when he was older, if Jack wished it. He then proceeded to get into a towering rage, and consequently into a hopeless muddle over the point iu dispute. And after almost having a fit of apoplexy from passion, calmed down, subdued but not conquered, and concluded tbe battle in the usual way by ringing fer tumblers and hot water, and brewing a couple of stiff glasses of whisky toddy from his own private bottle. * * * * * * * * And next day, in the bright exhilarating freshness of the cool spring morning, when the sun's rays were sloping over the ranges, and making the dew-laden uplands sparkle with countless diamonds, the hawker harnessed the old mare to the little cart. Then the white-headed man and the golden-haired baby set out on their travels as the strangely-assorted firm of " Jepster & Co."