Tale. —*— My Wedding Day. A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STORY. CnAITEB I. ' Well, Miss Grey, you are going to have a scorcher,' said Mr. Green, as he greeted me one summer morning. I -would gladly have doubted his word, for it was Christmas day, and, more, my wed ding day, ss well ;but early as it r«s, the , son was shining from a cloudless sty—shin- i . ing with all his might; and, though he ! embrowned the grass and baked tee earth, : and .pumped up every drop of waterlongago, ; leaving nothing bnt hot stones in the creek beds, he set to work as if he had just taken & contract to dry np the deluge and wanted to get dons in time. ' Ah, well,' I said, trying to make the best of it, * well, "blessed is the bride the sun stones on, yon know. I left the shady verandah and went across to the wool-shed to give a finishing touch to the wedding breakfast, already laid there on a long table improvised for the occasion. Only the' decorating part was left to me ; end as I arranged such greenery and flowers as I had, the old saw kept running in my head: ' Blessed is the bride the sun shines on.' Surely the Omen is true, thin once, for was there ever such a splendid fellow as Jack or such a lucny girl as I! Then I thought of my past life, and" won dered if I was the same Mary Grey who two years—-yes, only two years—ago had been all alone in the world. X remembered my timid, scared feeling at bang among strangers when I came as governess to this up-country run. How queer the life had seemedat first, and how home-like it seemed now. It was hard to realise that I could ever be afraid of Mis. Green, who was like a loving mother to me". I soon got to like my work, too ; and then—yes, then came Jack, and had things been ever so bad, life would have seemed couleur de rose to me. <J5o I was dreaming over my work that hot Christmas morning thirty years ago, when I was disturbed by Minnie Green. ' Oh, come snu see Mr. Stanley [Dick Stanley was to be Jack's best man], and Mr. Uriee, and—with emphasis—' the parson ! Such a funny little man, Miss Grey, with yellow hair, and a pink face lilrs a baby's and white hands. Do parsons always have pink faces and white t bands.9 I never had an opportunity of answering this question, for just then Jack appeared and Minnie having gone to have another look at the elerie'a English complexion and while hands which had so impressed her, we fell into a conversation,,'interesting enough to ourselves, but of no concern to outsiders till we were interrupted by Mrs. Green. * Well, upon my word," she said, ' what on earth canyon two have to talk about ? Come Mary ; it is time for you to think of dressing'. Ton can't have anything very particular to say to Jack here, and if you have, there iri all the rest of your life to say it in." With which profound remark she sent Jack to the , dining-room, where a picnic sort of first breakfast was going on ; and taking me to my loom, she brought me a a cup of tea and told me to rest a little, for I had a thirty-mile ride before me. Now, though my dress was ample in the extreme, and I could have put it on myself in five minutes, being a bride I must be dressed. Mrs. Green and Minnie, who was to be my bridesmaid, undertook this office sad hindered me sadly. My dress was plain white' muslin, aunply made, and I had not intended wearing a veil; but Mrs. Green said that as they seldom saw a wedding, and she did not suppose I would be married again in a hurry, I might as well do the thins: in style while I was about it; so to please her j I shrouded myself in a leagth of plain tnlie ] that covered me almost from head to foot, really Hie effect was rather good. At last I -was dressed; but somehow we managed to be late and it was a quarter of an hoar behind time when I went across to .the wood-shed on Mr. Green's arm ; while Eiddy held an umbrella over my head, and Mrs. Green followed sticking in utterly un necessary pins to the very last moment. Every one was waiting; and the shed deco rated with snch greenery as was available, looted quite festive. At one end stood the breakfast table with the cake, home marie but imposing, a towering monument to Mrs. Green's housewifely skill. By a small table stood the clergyman in his surplice, looting a trifle out of place ; while round about were arranged all available seats from chairs to mQking-stcols and slab benches', with stick Sags. They were all occupied, for as I have Already said, a wedding was not an every day occurrence, and people had turned out in full force. We advanced with, all possible decorum, and the ceremony proceeded as usual till the ring had been put on and the blessing given, when some one, breathless and dusty, dashed in at the door and cried, 4 Fire ! Bush fire ! does here.' Instantly most of the forms were npset and there 'was a rush tor the door. 'Hi ! Stop a minute,' cried Jack, as he collared his two friends and dragged theai back, ' we will get this over now.' The clergyman hesitated, then, slapping a good deal, he began the exhortation on which wives get so much good advice and husbands so little. ' Oh, never mind all that,' cried Jack, stamping with impatience : ' we will have the ' amazenxant' and all the rest of it seme other time. What ;have we to sign? Be quick.' Jaxjk's friends made the poor clergyman show whero he had to sign, and we all <iid it in a desperate hurry, the two witnesses sc-awling something when their turn came and bolting at once. Jack just took zne in his arms and gave me a hurried kiss. * Good by, dear little wife,' he whispered, ' good by' ; and he was &one, leaving me and the clergyman alone together. He—the clergyman—was a young man j list out from home. He bad a clear com plexion and fair hair parted down the middle and was altogether the mildest-looking' little man imaginable; liis littlo round face just now displaying the blankest possible astonishment. ' Ye husbands—loveth him seli—ye wives—subject—plaiting of hair and wearing of gold—amazement,' he mat tered incoherently, looking from me, stand ing alone in my white veil and dress, to the deserted and upturned forme, and the cake towering in solemn grandeur, to the end of ' the room. I believe he manfully intended to do his duty, if no one else did, and finish that ceremony to the bitter end; but to read that exhortation at one poor woman left all alone would have been, to say the least of it, personal; so he gave it up and shook hands, as is the practice of clergymen. ' I—I wish you. every happiness, Mrs. Hushton,' he stammered; than, remembering that I had just been unceremoniously de serted by my bridegroom, and not being sure whether such was the custom of the country or not, he muttered something about ' sympathy1; and then, gathering his wits together with a violent effort, he burst out like Mr. Wiikie; ' Where are they f What is the meaning of most indecorous be haviour ?' I did not answer, but ran to the door to look out. ' What does this mean.?* he repeated fol lowing me. 'Can't you see? Can't you smell?' I answered impatiently. 'It is a bush firs.' The head station -was built in a valley at the foot of a range of hills that formed a sort of semi-circle behind it. They were thickly -wooded with ' stringy bark,' and coreetd with fern and grass trees, and from among them now rose, through air already quivering with heat, a column of thick -white smoke, tttat floated upward in billowy clouds. The fire was near, that one could tell by the burn ing gum-leaves; and though it could not have been burning long, it promised to be a a large fire, and a fierce one, for, as we watched, puffs of reddish-brown rose before the -white smoke, showing that the flames -were getting stronger. The first set of men had disappeared over the ridge already, but Jack and his friends were only half-way up, and had stopped to cut boughs from some young saplings. They looked back, and! snatched off my veil and waved it to Jack; they returned the salute with a flourish of their branches, and then resumed their climb; while I twisted that unfortunate veil into a turban and wem, to the house with the bewildered parson. We found Mr. Green giving orders for the boughs with which the veranda tt posts ware decorated in honour of Christmas to be polled down, and all inflammable things to be put away ' Will the fire come here ?' asked the Rev. Augustus Smith anxiously. | *Nbt if we can help it,* said Mr. Green |' but it will be hard Wurk stopping it on a day like this, and it is well to be ready lor it." | ' If fixe fire don't come, the sparks will/ said Biddy, whose experience of bush-fires was extensive, ' and them branches is just the things to ketch.' 'Yes; get them down at once,' said Mr. Green, and he hurried off, calling back to his wife,' Send up Eoae tea to the men as eoon as possible.' I went to my room to change my dress, and there on my bed was my habit laid out for. my homeward ride with Jack. ' Dear me 1 how differently the day was turning out from what we expected,' I thought. If it had not been for that fire I would have been putting on my habit, instead of this print morning dress. No. On second thoughts, I decided things had happened so fast that, supposing the ceremony to have been finished properly, we would have just sat down to breakfast and' I would be out ting the cake, instead of which I went to the kitchen and cut large hunks of bread with cheese to xuatch. It really was a disappointing wedding-day. What was the good of getting married only to lose eight of my bridegroom at once, and have to work away as if Jiothing had hap pened. And Jack, poor fellow, what a day he must be having, hard at work iu the heat and dust and smoke. I felt half-inclined to give in and have a real good cry, but laughed instead, for through the window I saw the Rev. Augustus working hard under Biddy's directions, taking down and carry ing away the decorations put up with so much care an hour or so before. Mrs. Green and I set to -work at once on woman's work in time of fire—Loiling kettles and getting <ea and provisions ready for the men—no light task in this instance, for there were thirty or forty men, and no other station ne-r enough to share in tie providing. "When the first batch was ready it was taken up the hill by two of the men's wives. Mr. Smith and I next busied ourselves in taking out and filling all the tubs in the establishment, and placing in them bags and branches to be used in beating, should the fire come near the bouse. We paused, Mr. Smith and X, when we had done all we could, and gazing upward, won dered what it most feel like to be before that awful fira. Even where we were, the air quivered and danced with the heat and smoke, and the baked air almost hurt our feet. What must it be up there? we won dered. The wind had strengthened, driving the smoke across the skv : and the Hnnli<rV>< corning through it, shed a lurid yellow glare 011 all around. Behind the hill the emoke rose thicker, faster and darker, and tlie deep sullen roar of the fire could be heard. As we watched, a figure appeared on the top of the hill, then another and another, tall quite a dozen were in eight. I could just make oat Mr. Green, with .Jack and his friends be side him. They seemed to be consulting about something. More men kept coming up by twos and threes, dragging or carrying scorched branches: some flung themselves down in the nearest shade, with the charac teristic impulse of old-hands at bush-fires to take a rest when they could get it. The rest stood or lolled in groups, evidently waiting for orders. At last" the council of war on the hilltop came to an end. Mr. Green pointed along the ridge, and snook hands with Jack, who, with ten or a dozan men started ia the direction indicated. "We had not noticed—or, at least, I had not, for, of course, I had eyes for no one else while Jack was in sight—that all this time the two women had been scrambling down the bill, accompanied by a men, who turned off to the stables, -while the women came down to the house, whither we fol lowed. ' Mr. Green, eays will you give Jackson tea and tucker for ten men; Mr. Rusliton is going- over to the big range,' Mrs. Brown, one of the women, was saying aB we came in. We all fell to work at once. Mr. Smith cut beef and sliced plum-pudding, while Mre. Green and I made substantial sandwiches ; Biddy hurried up the kettles, and Mrs. Brown aod Mrs. Jones packed things up as Boon as they were ready. As we worked we asked brief questions, and got them answered still more briefly with roost aggravating interruptions at interesting points. 'Is it a big fire?' ' Yea.' 1 Where wer°. they when yoa got up ?' 'Justcoming off the steep range. They had stopped the fire all along, but it got into the stringy bark and came along over their heads. Are these the bags, Mrs. Green ? Yes. thev had to rnn. It. e"ot be hind Mr. Euslttoa and a lot of 'em. Where do you. keep the clean, towels ?' Imagine my feelings wlien at tbis point she dived bead first into a cupboard and be came deaf to questions. I can eee it now, that country kitchen, fresh whitewashed in honour of Christmas, -with a bunch of gum boughs hung from the ceiling by way of a fly-catcher. A good-sized room, -with a roughly flagged floor, just now intolerably hot, for we had a roaring fire in the large fireplace, on which two large kettles and a fountain were singing and spluttering. The window-panes were hot to the touch; plates taken from the shelves were ready warmed, and the butter was clear transparent oil. It certainly was warm work. At the end af the long table stood Mr. Smith, just now with knife and fork sus pended, as he gazed at Mrs. Brown, who was now intent on sorting towels. 4 But—bat, Mra. Brown ' he gasped. 4 "What's that P she said, emerging from the cupboard. 4 How did they escape ?' 4 Oh, they came through it, of course. Here's a towel to wrap that padding in.' I suppose, if I had had tune to think of it I would have been wretched about Jack's danger—1 was anxious as it was; but we were all so busy that I had no time to fret; beside, I knew he was safe. If he had been killed nr badly hurt, nothing would have hindered Mrs. Brown from telling me every detail. I suppose we all looked hot; but poor Mr. Smith was the picture of misery, as he stood in his hot black clothes slicing beef in a temperature considerably above 100 degrees. 'Why don't you take off your coat?' said Biddy, noticing Ms distress. Poor little man; I believe he blushed furiously, but can't be sure, for it was a simple impossibility for his face to get any redder than it already was. 4 Do, Mr. Smith,' said Mrs* Green. 41 wouldn't work in a hot thing like that for anything; besides, it's reil good cloth, and it's sure to get spoiled. Here, Biddy; take Mr. Smith's coat and hang it up somewhere out of the way.' 4 Look sharp4 sir,' said Biddy, holding out her hand; 4 I've so time to lose.' So he had to give it up. And I think that after a while he was glad, though just at first he lcoked hotter and more uncomfort able than ever. When we had packed up the provisions and seen Jackson start we all went into the back verandah and looked up at the hill. The fire was nearer now and the emoke was thicker; abbes and biiu- of brant fern and gum leaves were falling all around ; the son shone hotter and the parched air seemed to scorch one's face. On the hill-top the men were cutting down branches and evidently getting- ready for a struggle. ' They are goin^ to burn a track,' eaid Mrs. Brawn. ' I expect they'd liice their tucker now ; they won't have time to eat •when the fire comes.' * Where is it now ?' I asked. ' About half a mile off ; bat it won't take long to come,' said Mrs. Rrown. 'Bnt,' eaid Mr. Smith, looking: puzzled, ' why don't they extinguish it farther off ?' ' Because they can't,' said Mrs. Brown. ' It's in a grass-tree gully. If they were fools enough to try to stand against it,' the7 would be__ shrivelled up like so much brown paper.' And she went into the kitchen, where Mrs. Green and Biddy were already preparing more tea and provisions. AH this time I had been longing to hear more about Jack; but every one bad been too busy to answer questions ; now I tried again. ' What P said Mrs. Brown. * Oh, Mr. KuBhton P He's isn t hurt; not that I know on at least. Some one got his arm burnt, but I don't think it was him'—in an aggra vating, doubtful tone—' Mrs. Jones here saw it ail; I only saw them afterwards. They did look like sweeps, and no mistake.* 'I didn't see much,' eaid Mrs. Jones modestly; ♦ I only see half-a-dozen men beating like mad; and all at once the fire got into the trees and some along over their beads and they never took no notice till the sparks and things had lighted the fern behind them. Where's the su^ar Mrs. Green ? Yes they had to run for it, they did! Bat it was all so smoky you couldn't make ont which was which. The fern was blazing and burn ing bark was coming down like rain. Zf it had been up-hill they had to go, not down, wouldn't have got away, no, not one of 'em. Oh, no . Mr. Bushton isn't hurt; he got his eyebrows singed and lost the ends of his moustaches, that's all. My husband bas lost half his beard, and got a hole the size of your two hands in the back of his waist coat.'