Chapter ii 1 What time is it ?' asked Mrs. Green, ■when the two women had started up the hill once more. 'Two o'clock? You don't say so! Well, we may as well have a hit of some thing ourselves. The fire will be on the top of that hill in half an hour at the rate it is coming. If they can't stop it, itwi'l come down here, and we'll have to turn to and fight with the rest of them.* ' We'll have to look out anyways,' said Biddy. ' Tho sparks will be all over the place with this wind, and it's not much time we'll have then to be thinking of dinner/ The children were called in,and we sat down too picnics sort of meal, consisting of cold beef and plum pudding, and a tart or two from the unfortunate wedding breakfast. These tarts reminded me of a fact that I found hard to realize—that I was really married, anil +Kaf. this was mv wpiWincr - yes, actually my -wedding day! and hers was I, the ''ride, sitting down to a demoralized sort of Christmas dinner in a ho kitchen, frith a half roasted clergyman in his emrt sleeves and Mrs. Green in a voluminoi 3 cooking apron. And Jack ? where was he ? Over a mile away, fignting the fire in heat and dust and smoke. In danger, perhaps ! Oh Jack, dear Jack! And I lost myfelf in loving, anxious thought, till I wen rous ~d by Biddy's ' My -word !' she said, coming to the back door. ' It's near novr, raring like anything and they're heaving like mad.' "We jumped up at once and went outside. Ihere was a fierce deep roaring, rushing Bound like a big bush fire, and nothing else. The smoke hung over us thicker than ever and like a lurid cloud kept off the sunlight, the <tun itself showing through it as a dull deep crimson disc, and through the roaring and crackling of the flames we heard the sound of the branches as the men fought with all their might. While we watched, Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones came hurrying down again bringing with them some of the eatables they had just taken up. ' They've no time to eat,1 said Mrs. Brown ' but they're just dried up -with thirst. They ! want some more tea just aa soon as you can send it up.* * I wiil take it,' I said. * Pray, allrw me.' said Mr. Smith, ' Well, said Mrs. Green, * I expect Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones are tired ; and beside they want their dinner.' 1 went in search of shadiest hit, and the oarson donned his coat—a great mistake, as it proved—and we started off, he with tw ouckets of tea an 1 1 with one. Now, full buckets are awkward things to carry up a hillside at the best of times, and when they are full< 1 tec., every drop of which you know AT.11 be precious tojthe thirsiymen above, you get nervous and consequently spill more. Mr. Smith started with & light heart to .-•airy those backets up that bill, and if his heart was heavier when he reached the top thejbuckets were oojriderable lighter. We ;jot on well enough at first, but soon came to a steep place were, though our arms were aching furiously, there was no place flat enough lo set the buckets down. Then we had to sidle along the hill, and Mr. Smith had to hold one bucket higher than the other to keep it off the ground; and in spite of all his care, the up-hill bucket would keep catch ing on sticks and stones, and sending cata racts of streaming tea over his legs. He did not complain ; but it must have been too hot to be comfortable. At last we trot on a cattle track, which made the -walking easier, though it had its drawbacks too, being six inches deep in soft well trodden dust. The condition of the parson's moist legs after two minutes' walk through this may be imagined. He sailed benignly on, however, with one long coat-tail hi each bucket of tea, till I could stand it no longer. ' Mr. Smith,' I said, ' I am afraid the tea will spoil your coat.' ' Dear me! dear me!' hegai^f ' what shall I do? They will £oin, and t can't put the buckets down, and the tea will be spoilt. Dear me ! what shall I do f ' Shall I pin them up for yen ? I asked. | ' Tbank you, thank yon, Mrs. Rushton; j if you would' he answered gratefully. Imanaged to set mybucketdown and steady it with my foot, whiie I pinned the tails of his co at together behind, so that it looked like a demented swallow-tail. ' Thank yon, thank you, very much in deed,' was all he said just then; hut when we came to a .place where we could set down our loads and rest, he observed, as he mourn fully gazed at his muddy legs: ' Really Mrs. Rushton, I am afraid this kind of work is detrimental to my eloth..' At last we reached the top and found the men hard at work. The firs had come upon them before they expected. Where a track was already burnt, they stopped it easily enough; but just here they were haring a hard light, bo n?nch we learned from one another as they stopped to swallow a panni kin of tea and then rush back to their work again. How hot they looked; hot and tired with faces scorched and grimy and eyes red with tae stinging smoke. I had seen thirst before, though not quite so bad as this. Sir. Smith had not, I think, and his face grew very grave as he watched them. * Well, parson,' said one, as he drank the tea, in a voice husky and weak from exhaus tion, ' you're a Christian for this if you never said a prayer.' The clergyman looked distressed ; he was a little shocked at first, I think, then I heard him murmur to himself; 'A cap of cold water i I never knew what {hat meant until to-day.' When we got down again, he insisted on making another trip at once. I could not help admiring him as he started up the hill again with a bucket in each hand, this time without his coat. ' Well,' said Biddy, looking after him, 'he's got some pluck in spite of his coat.' * He's a brick f said the children, and I quite agreed with them. The fire was stopped on the hill behind the house, and the men had gone along the ric ge to stop it farther on. We had dismantled the neglected breakfast table, and rear ranged it with more regard for compactness than elegance, ready for the men's supper, and at last the lo*g hot day was nearly over. Hating nothing particular to do, I went and sat under the back verandah to rest. Mrs. Jones did likewise, and leaning her elbows ' on her knees and her chin on her hands, gazed silently upward at tbe Smoke that told of the fight still going on. Mrs. Brown seized a broom and proceeded to sweep up the leaves scattered about by our decorations, talking meanwhile about other bash fires she lis a seen. that the fight was no longer in sight, the sense of ex citement and conflict we bad felt all day in some degree abated. Peaceful home sounds ^-the crying of a calf, the musical sound of milking irom the bailyard close by, and the cheerful tinkling of teaspoons in the kitchen —contrasted strangdy with a lurid glare of a smoky sunlight and the distant roaring of the flames. In a gam tree close by were a crowd of magpies that had flown screaming away from the fire, and were watching it intently, now and then bursting into a flood of angrj song ; whilt> once or twice a flock of paroquets whizzed [shrieking over head. I paid little attention to Mrs. Brown's con versation ; but fell to thinking—of Jack, of course—till Biddy came across to the dairy with her buckets of milk and Mrs. Green came out and called the children in to tea. They came scampering in, discussing the day's events -with a vivacity which put day dreaming out of the Question for the time being. During tea the talk was still bush-fires ; no one ever talks of anything else -while one is burning. Afterward, when Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones had departed to their respec tive homes—cottages a little distance off— and Mrs. Green and Biddy were busy pre paring for the men, whom they expected sfion, 1 sat on a verandah and tried to talk the children into a calm enough state of mind for bed time. Ithad been a wildly exciting day f r them and a ' continual feast* as well, for ■ they had made raids on the kitchen every now and then, carrying off their booty to be de voured in some place where there was a good view of the fire. They implored me not to speak of bed at first; but in spite of them selves they grew drowsy as they calmed down, and were soon ready to say • good , night. When they had gone I lost myself in my | own thoughts again. How long I sat there dreaming I do not know. The sun had set, the short twilight was ever and the smouldering logs shone out like large red stars from the blackened hillside above, when I noticed a strange b'ght to my left. Going to the end of the house I saw a line of fire com ing toward us aton.£ th? fiat. A'emou'derin? log must have rolled down from above and lighted the grass. ' Fire ! Fire ! jnat here!' I (shouted Airs. G-rean and Biddy rushed oat and took in the situation at a glance. Biddy just threw back her head, pat her hands to her mouth and * coo-eed ' loud and long. ' Get a can and wet the grass at the end of i th1 house, Mary !' Mrs. Green called to me i as she ran round the house shutting the win dows, to keep the sparks out. ' Biddy,' she continued, ' throw water on the roof ! it's as dry as tinder.* Biddy gave one more long' coo-o-ee!, and, seizing .1 bucket, fell to work; while Mrs Green disappeared into the house, returning' with the children, blinking and bewildered. Rolling them in blankets, she deposited them in the bud of a dried up creek near the house. Meanwhile, I had been running backward and forward with two large watering-cans from the tubs we had filled in the morning, trying to soak a strip of grass to check tho lire in its advances on the house. My task was only bait finished, however, when the fire came up. I caught up a branch andi called to the others for help. "We beat and • beat with all our might; but the wind -was high and the grass long,'and it seemed as if we could not keep it back. The heat was in tense and the smoke choked and blinded ub ; ' but we kept on till I felt as if each blow would be the last, and dimly wondered what would happen -when X gave in, as I must do soon. I do not know how long we worked ; it SEe:aed hours; but I suppose it was not many minutes. All at once we heard men's voices and running feet, and a dozen strong arms were beatine beside ns. It was a sharp tussle, but they got it under, and were just congratulating themselves on arriving in the nick of time, when a voice—Jack's voice— was heard calling for help, and they saw that the fire, though turned away from the ho se, was making straight for the wool-shed, which stood on a slight rise a little beyond. Jack was fighting it single-handed. It i-oemed to be getting the better of him; then while I watched, I saw fall, and the fire rushed onward. And then I suppose I fainted, for I remember nothing till Z felt mjaelf slowly and painfully coming back to life in my own little room. At first I was only conscious of a deathly sick feeling; then I remembered that something had happened, something dreadful. What was it ? Ah ! Jack, I believe I called his name aloud ; and then—could it be true ? I heard his dear voice answering me, and felt his strong arms and his kisses on my face. It was no dream bat Jack himself! I hid my face on his shoulder and sobbed. I have a dim recol lection of hearing some one eay, 'iShe'll do n >w,' then the the door was shut and we were ; alone. I had my arms aroand his neck and citing closely to him unwilling to loose my hold even to look up at his face. ' Hush, Mary,' he said—' hush, my dar ling. I am here, rafe and sound. Look up dear, and see for yourself.' At last 1 did look up. Could that be Jack It looked more like a badly blacked Christ^ minstrel. ' Why, Jack ?' I oried, ' you are as black as a ' and I paused for want of a simile. 'Akettle?' he suggested. ' Come, little woman, don't call names. I fancy there's a pair of us,' he added, looking laughingly at me. Oi coniso I sat Tip at once and looked to ward the glass to see what x- as the matter, and this is what I saw—Jack kneeling by the side of the coach, looking like a sadly dishevelled sweep, for one of his shirt-sleeves was burned off to the shonlder, and he was mere or less black all over; while his eyes were red, and his teeth, displayed now by a broad grin, shone like a negro's from beneath the singed and stubby ends of what had <mce been his moustache. As for me, my light cotton dress was ornamented by sundry prints of a human hand in black, while ronud my waist was a broad band of the sa>ne hue. My left cheek was one dark smear ; while on the other as well as on my forehead and lips, were numerous rough but unmis takable impressions of Jack's moustache. It was no use trying to be sentimental un der the circumstances; eo I laughed instead, to Jack's relief, for he had a man's hatred of scenes. ' How did you escape f X asked. * I thought I saw the fire go over you.' ' Why, so it did,' he answered. ' When I found I could not stop it, I lay down and let it go oyer me.' • Oh, Jack! you must have been hurt.' ' Well, I found it rather warm, certainly, and I am afraid my clothes have suffered. There, there, little wife ; don't cry like that.' The thought of his danger had been too much for me. ' I am quite safe, thank God. I don't think Z am seriously damaged, though my complexion is a little spoiled for the present.' He staid talking a little while, and then had to rush back to his task. They had just managed to nave the wool-shed, but a good deal cf fencing had gone. The worst of the fire was over, but it seeded watching. Next morning a rather dilapidated but very happy bride and bridegroom started on their homeward way, after saying -good-bye to a still more ^dilapidated paieon and being honored with three very husky cheers from all hands.— Chambers' Journal.