THE STORYTELLER. AN EXORCISM. BY K. T. L. It is a characteristic of rural womankind of whom I am a part-to eagerly desire the year through a viBit to town, ana when they get there to long aB earnestly to return. The noise and hurry and general feeling of in significance are bad enough, but worst of all torments, to me at least, is the super cilious and too evident pity of town acquaint ances, who choose to regard residence in the country &s an evil of the first magnitude. In return, however, I occasionally derive a pro longed pleasure from the discovery of Bome former friend, long lost sight of, who will pour into my ready ears the long and detailed narration of every incident tb&t has happened to her since we last met, and to whom in re turn I mav confide the not altogether com monplace circumstances which led me to Bettle at Stony Creek. I don't believe that any one had ever dis covered that dear delightful district until my Bister Lucy went there. The native inhabi tants, probably from a desire to shun criti cism, never communicated to the outside world the fact that there was such a place as Stony Creek. When one of them by a rare chance reluctantly left Stony Creek for a space and mixed among men, he artfully dropped all his peculiar local characteristics, bo that even a commercial traveller would not have been able to tell him from an in habitant of any other little country township. I had, and still have, a theory that Stony Creek was exclusively peopled with the men and women who have disappeared mys teriously from the ken of their friends, and are occasionally advertised for in the "Personal" column. For instance, I am morally sure that our local trooper, Doolan, is the policeman who vanished bo strangely fromColac many years ago, and was supposed to be drowned. I have never ventured to ask him whether he is or not, or even to hint at so delicate a question as to whence he gets his pay. But he has a very drowned and fishy look about his eyes. Then there is Moloney, the liotelkeeper. I am certain that I have seen a dozen times in the paper. "Patrick Moloney, son of DenniB Moloney, ot Kilcurran, Co. Antrim. Came out to Aus tralia in the Avenger, 1SG9. News of the above will be thankfully received," kc. Of course, rare outsiders do get to Stony Creek. But they always come to stay; and they get there by a eeries of inquiries and gradual initiation, probably accompanied by an oath of secrecy, which, ot course, as a woman, I was spared. As I was about to say, Lucy married Wil liam Brownless, and the two went away into the mystery of Stony Creek, and Btarted Btore keeping. We had letters at intervals, but we gradually began to feel as it Lucy had died and gone to another world, in which there was a post-office. In fact, after failing to find Stony Creek on the map, we gene rallv spoke of her as "poor Lucy," and when the children mentioned her name there was a perceptible hush in their voices. So when Bhe actually wrote up and asked me to go down and Btay with her for the summer, I felt quite nervous ; but cariosity triumphed, and I resolved that I at least would unveil Stony Creek, and bring back with me clear and definite ideas concerning it But with regard to its geographical position my journey told me very little. Part of the way I went by train, and, as I was carefully labelled, I arrived at the correct station; but then there came an interminable and dreadful coach journey daring which the road and the horses conspired to throw dust in my eyes to an extent that quite prevented directions on my part that might instruct any subsequent explorer. But I was finally deposited, dirty and eafe, in the arms of an expectant sister, and rising refreshed and curious at a very early hoar, after the manner of all new comers, I formallylinterviewed Stony Creek. Only a few straggling weatherboard houses on one side of a road that ran, white and dusty, out of the bush on one hand straight into the bash on the other, as if the little township were a mere incident by the way. The whole set in a little level plain, with a narrow horizon of hillB, dark with the forest that stretched to the eoath thirty mileB, and forty more to the north, and in the cool of the dawn, when the human element was not obtrusive, the little cluster of houses looked Bo small and insignificant amid the largeness of nature that onecould not help feeling a little kindness and sympathy for it But by noon the kindness had been modified into forbear ance. The forests and hills round as were clear, and the trees that dwelt therein did not sit on fences and spit, or get down and quarrel, points in which the Stony Creek loafer compared unfavourably with them. I found the life monotonous, until 1 began to know the bush, to find a pleasure in its coolness and silence, and to love the fra grant morning scent of the gum leaves. Once, indeed, we had transient social excitement in a visit from the member for the district, who travelled round the country looking after the interests and votes of his delighted sub jects His wife borrowed my riding-habit, and left a piece of it on every mile of scrpb she travelled through. Otherwise there was no Bociety. But there was always the Reve rend James Barker to remind us that civili sation did not begin and end with Stony ureeff. _ Twice a week regularly did Lucy wonder whether.Mr. Barker was coming, and twice a week I used to be Bent up to the balcony over ihe store, like the servant ot the prophet of bid, or the more modern Sister Anne, to watch for hiB coming, far away down the flusty road there would appear a small black spot moving slowly towards the township. Then over our afternoon tea we would watcb it growing by degrees into a human being ?topping at the publicbouse to ask Jim Col fin, the bullock-driver, when he was going to Mart work again, and to show the men in that dreadful barihattheeyeof the cburcb was on them-stopping at the butcher's, probably to apeak to Harris about Sunday's bymnB {Hams has a beautifully oily bass voice) fend finally, grown into « Church of England minister, coming to & halt in fiont of the «kh». There were always some men there taittox to* their packlonde, and; for them w ntratad James would have a little friendly inquiry and conversation, to be in terrupted by an invitation to come up and have some tea. His visits were so regular that in onr Robinson Crasoe existence they served instead of notches in a post, and we identified the monotonous days by reminding one another that "Mr. Barker was here yes terday," and so on. As for the days on which he came they were so delightfully superior to the others that I am not ashamed to say that 1 had an instinctive perception of them from the moment I woke He brought us books-sometimes novels-which he cri ticised for us, reading bitshereand there while we listened, enjoying more, perhaps, than we understood. He talked to us of things from which we were banished-of music, of paintings, sometimes even of the stage, and as he talked his features, which always seemed to me to become dulled by the constant contact with dull men, gtew keen and animated, and when he left us he sighed as if even to so good a man duty were less grateful than pleasure. For even the careless country people among whom he worked acknowledged that he was a good man, alwavs more ready with practical advice on worlclly matters than with spiritual exhorta tion which they would not have heeded j and even, where he could, helping those who needed help with his hands. JimColvin once broke his leg, and afterwards laughingly com plained that he was " blowed if parson didn t want to sit up with me all night and drive the bloomin* team all day so's I shouldn't lose nothin'. Reg'Iar bloomin' old ironbark, that's what he is." And the nickname of "Old Ironbark " became popular. So for me the sleepy summer weeks wore on with so little change that I began to feel that the stream ot life had become entangled among the hills, and that I was caught in the slow and lessening circles of an eddy, when the rumour of an event made us open our eyes and realise that we were moving after all. The Bishop was coming on a pas toral visitation, and Stony Greek became immediately 60 largely curious as to promise in that state of mind an imitation of devout ness sufficiently accurate to deceive him, though hardly likely to produce any effect on Old Ironbark. Perhaps it was a sense of the deception that his Hock were about to perpetrate on episcopal innocence that lent something entirely new and unpleasaut to Mr. Barker's manner when he told us of the honour ia store for us. He was nervous and strange, and if our questions were perhaps a little too pertinacious, his replies were cer tainly irritable. Lucy said that he was anxious about his 6ermon (the Bishop would only preach in the evening), while I maintained that he was Buffering from the heat, and perhaps in my heart fancied that in some un known way I was the cause of the distur bance. But the heat was certainly intolerable all that week. The air was dimmed with t>moke from bush fires, which hung over the hills in a stilling blue haze all through the breathless days. If a sluggish breeze sometimes wandered over the barrier of hills at night- j fall it only brought new reinforcement to the smoke-cloud which beeet us, through which the sun glowed at midday shorn of all radiance, and in colour like a cooling mass of red-hot iron. It is little wonder that my thoughts could not be restrained from run ning continually to refresh themselves in the memory of a little paradise ot coolness and moisture and twilight that I knew of, where the creek eddied over shallow bedB of gravel and tripped down three-inch falls of rock, and where the interlacing fern-trees, arched from opposite sides, shut out the daylight that filtered through the great blackbutts overhead. I pictured to myself all the de lights of cool and running waters till the stilling house became unbearable, and finally I dured the heat outside, and had my reward when I had climbed the chock-and-log fence and was in the splitters' paddock. Here there was no thick and tall scrub to crowd about my path and make the air stag nant, but the columns of timber ran up to the high roof of leaves above, and little cool draughts of air came and went in the avenues among them. Under foot the wire-grass and tender shoots of scrub grew thick and green, and where the tracks cleared by the splitters for their bullock-drayB had left the earth bare it was damp and cool. But, pleasant as it was to walk along these tracks, 1 presently began to suspect that I must have missed my way, or I would have struck the creek already. So I stopped to take a look round for a land mark, when in a moment a glimpse of some thing white caught my eye, somewhat to my satisfaction, for I came to the conclusion that it must be a splitter, anxious for the episco pal benediction, who was accustoming him self to a linen Bhirt. So, as the quickest way of finding in which direction the creek lay, I went towards him to inquire. In the middle of a little clearing, which the splitters had trampled down in the wire-grass and left floored with splinters, knelt the Reverend James Barker. His head was bare, and hiB coat lay before him on the ground, while upra it was an open Bible, at which he was looking down. Perhaps the sight of our parson studying the Bible in the middle of a paddock would not have seemed to me any thing extraordinary if my attention had not been fixed by the dejection and trouble ex pressed by his attitude. My first thought was to escape, as if I had seen something forbidden, but unfortunately, in stepping backwards, I made a noise, and he looked op and saw me. . I was shocked and frightened at the change in hiB appearance. His eyes were wild and restless, and his face, usually so trim and clean-shaven( showed a two-days' growth of stubble, which increased the pinched and drawn look on hia features. We stared at one another for a time which seemed to me E sinfully endless, nntil he broke the silence y saying in a harsh and huaky voice, " Why do you come here ?" " I will go," I aaid, in a frightened whisper, and turned as I spoke, because I felt only too glad to get away from the spectre of my triend. But I bad hardly begun to fly before I was stopped by bis voice behind me crying piteoualy, " No, no ; you mustn't go, Kitty. Don't leave me here alone I" I turned back again more startled than before, but less frightened, and saw Mr. Barker standing with hie hands clasped, and the tears running down bis face. 1 went up to him resolutely and said in as ordinary a voice as I could manage, " Tell me, Mr. Barker, are you in trouble; and can I help yon at all f It was a minute or two beiore he conld control himself, and if he had been a woman I should have been convinced that he bad an attack of hysteria. At length he calmed down a little and I repeated my question. ''Yes," he said, still struggling with his emotion, "I am in dreadful trouble. But I will not distress yon by telling you what it iB. I did not know just now auite what I was say ing. It would be better tor you to leave me, Miss Smith." However, I continued to insist, because if I didn't know what was the matter I couldn't very well sympathise with him properly; and I wanted to, badly. "This tnnch, then, I will tell yon," he said at length. " My tronble is of such a nature that it will probably bring upon me expulsion from tbe church. Yes," lie went on, more to himself than to me, " that I shall certainly have to endure ; perhaps worse." "Oh ! you haven't been reading that dread ful Robert Elsmcre?" I cried; for I had read it myself, and I am afraid it rather shook my own belief lor two or three days, after which I forgot all about it. "No," be said, with the ghost of a smile, " doctrinally I am sound enough. But, after all, my misfortune will soon be common pro perty. and 1 would rather that you heard of it lirst from me." He paused a moment and went on without looking at me-"There has happened to me the most humiliating thing that can befall a man who has been accus tomed to feel some satisfaction in the ex ercise of his mental powers. My mind baa not only refused to obey me, but it has be come my master. In fact, my dear young lady, I have made the discovery that lama pronounced monomaniac." He spoke so deliberately that I stared at him for a minute without quite understand ing what he meant; but when I did under stand I could not help shrinking back 111 terror, and with a vague idea that a mono maniac was usually a person who thirsted in a peculiarly eccentric fashion for other people's blood. My movement Beemed to pain him, and he said Badly, "I am not dangerous, Miss Smith, and was never more sensible in my life than I am at the present moment. But sit down on this log and let me explain myself a little more clearly. I sat down, though not without some mis givings, which, however, were soon dispelled by the collected way in which he spoke. He told me that a couple of months before he had been preaching to a congregation that seemed even duller and more inattentive than it usually was, when the idea occurred to him, half humorously, that he would like to be able to do something to startle his audience into attention. The thought kept coming and going all through his discourse, like sammet lightning behind the clouds, an under-current below the steady and premeditated movement of his Bermon. The fancy would intrude itself on him in idle momenta during the following week to picture to himself the eccentric things that a minister might feel impelled to do during divine service; and on the follow ing Sunday he was somewhat surprised to find the idea persistently forcing itself 011 him again. Ilia mind would insist in run ning in that groove, until it crew so much beyond his control that for the last few weeks the performance of his ritual duties had been like a nightmare, and a fear began to shape itself within him that some day perhapB he would feel irresistibly compelled to put into action any one of the odd and incongruous fancieB with which his wayward imagina tion occupied itself. He had become, he said, almost nnable to restrain himself even now, and the news of the Bishop's coming had filled him with a terrible dread that in the very episcopal presence he might feel it impossible to refrain from some scandalous outbreak of eccentricity which would lead to his forced withdrawal from the church, and in all probabilijy bring 011 him an imputation of insnnity, which would ruin bis whole life. He told me all this, standing before me, and looking away into the vista of trees, speaking gravely and slowly, as if to give full weight and expression to every word ; with, perhaps, something of the intellectual pleasure of self analysis, and accurate tracing ot effects to canses. As for me, I listened in silent wonder and pity. It seemed almost impossible that a man in the prime of life and health, in a pobition which of itself was a safeguard, and BO sensible and clever, should allow himself to be controlled by an idea bo ridiculous, but there waa no doubt that to him at least it was all a dreaded reality ; and though I could not understand why such a thing should be, I was as sorry for him as if lie had been suffering from an actual trouble. There was silence between us for a few minutes. At length he spoke again with a little more acitation. " It is a dreadful and bitter thing "-he spoke as if the misfortune were inevitable-"to be thus cut short in a career which promised to be honourable, and perhaps Buccessful, and which is all that 1 am fitted for by education and habit; And afterwards, what is to become of tne ? I shall be an outcast-condemned for life to a penal servitude harder to bear than that of the felon, for I shall not be shielded from the contemptuous pity of men. And perhaps I shall lose more than my position and self respect-shall forfeit not only what I have but what I might have. I hoped-but I can not speak of that. My disgrace must be borne alone." "And is there nothing," I asked, "that can help you ?" "Nothing," he replied sadly; "I have prayed as I am afraid I never prayed before, but even in my prayers the evil and distorted child of my imagination cornea to mock me. But I have said enough, my dear Miss Smith ; though it has made me happier than 1 have been for a long time past to have been per mitted to burden yon with my troubles." " I am very glad," I said, rising. It was a stnpid thing to say, but I could not trust myself to say more. Holding out my hand, he took it tor a moment, and I left him with out another word. Some distance away I turned, and saw him still standing in the same place, looking after me. |