TALES & SKETCHES '■ANDEEKM ANGLING. 'Story of a Holiday m Tasmania • t A Novelette. " • WbITTBK. EXPBBfiSLY FOB ^•ThB-'WbBK^ ' :. BY /;v";y.;: ■' ; ' -W. SENIOR.("Red Sfinneb"), ^Author of "Waterside Sketches" ■*! Notable Ship* wrecks,"&c.(Ac. { CHAPTER XXI. FLAMES AND 'SHADOWS. <" Running down once more to Hobart Town .* to see their friends, our angling tourists noxt I * •>> -.-ttravellcd'through the island by train, over tho i "H* irailway which has become notorious by'.reason ,v'f.^'*ofvUio«illiistr&tion'it affords as to how "a •.^•contractor's line" may be designed, built, and •;\\<v..nnanaged; and how the schemes of its promoters : y - imay be disappointed. ; V-- . At Launccston they journeyed by tbe well :-{Iaid and ablymanaged little Government rail t!''way west and introduced themselves to many V 'Vof; the rivers which, running in a direct northerly direction} fall into B&ss'b Straits. " ' There is no portion of Tasmania that is ■ v not freely watered; but tho northern counties ' Wellington, Devon, and Dorset, are unusually ; *>■'}■, welj.snpplied with [perpetually flowing streams, • ; rejoicing, according to the custom of the land, nnmames borrowed from the old country. Wo ■ - -• ihive £he Tam ar, Esk (Northand South), Mersey, - ILiffoy, Cam, Trent, Don, Forth, and Leven. /Most of these are trout rivers, and, dwelling • •tapon each, though it may not far exceed the - Xinnensiohs of a rivulet, you shall ever find ■'^Iporsons who tell you confidentially that ,to V •. •-•them, and :them alone, was entrosted the /•\\\\*'honour of depositing tho first young fish/ • V-l; This peeuUaritj% it may (just in passing), bo r observed} called forth a characteristic remark frpm Mr. AndeHon., "j)o you know what strikes mo as a'remark > • able thing P • ho asked of Mr. Neal. '.'V . "'Probably that part of tbo Tasmanian , F - coach^drivers* duty is to pelt the cottagers v;v '"with" newspapers," answered tho gentleman .'r addressed, who had been much amused by the .'• ^performance of the news-vendor's functions," ' regularly'discharged by tho drivers or guards of tho public stage coaches. 7'-^ "No, that is a noticeable thing, however; • ; hat what I mean is that, according tb their own •V;V ihowihg, three-fourths of the male population " -of the country have with tiieir own hands de '■■■ r;'ponJed salmon and, troutja.thfi.rivers.'' ■ -.J • " Yes; doyounot romember we encountered . eight men during two days on the Der went, .each of whom had been the real original de positor," said Neal. ■. To return, however, to our travels and tra vollera. The district traversedby the Launceeton and "Western Kailway is in many respects the . most highly-cultivated in Tasmania; it bears .. the aspect of comfortable and mature settle* ment-^-tho aspect of level grain lands, v and gently-watered meads. The mountains, as tho journey progresses to its terminus at ;■ Deloraine (which is forty-five miles due west from jLauncestou), showed out^ grandly in the eager • :air of a Boraewhat frosty evening. From the • railway train a magnificent view was afforded •of tho Western Tier, some of whose summits -;And peaks in tho peculiar atmosphoro assumed . itho mostlovolv tints of purple; while Quamby's ; jBluff, anabruptand notable mountain, appeared .-'through an impalpable gauze of delicate French • gcoy. The winterly coldness of tho weather, and the ■ continued lowness and brightness of the wator, led the anglers to resolve not to waste timo in - fishing tho Meander, whioh runs through the . ; pretty village of Deloraine. Thby ac . cordingly,' after Bomo troublo,- procured - r« conveyance, one of tho solid carts of the .-country which, by its sovere restraints, inflicts the cramp upon him who rides in front, .. -nndbyits unyielding construction, subjeotshim who rides bohind to terrible joltings. In this 1 machine they were to visit certain {renowned ■caves of which they had heard much, and wero •• "to halt for the night, en route, about four miles . -eufc of Deloraine. As they drove across the bridgo, Andcrton, watching tho anglers on tho , river banks below, was nearly tempted to upset the previously raado arrangements, a lady who was sitting by tho side of a gentleman, having , at tho moment when tho cart rumbled past, switched a nico trout bodily out of tho. water, - and far into tho' bushes behind her. Here tho river, moroovor, lind a most likely appcaranco. But Mr. Neal pronounced strongly against •. vacillation, hndtho' cart" thereupon' jogged up too rood as the twilight became no light at all, • - and-tho brilliant stars announced, tho'positivu advont of night. , . / . : The Hospitable gentleman at whoso liouse tho friends woro tu> sloop was from homo when they alighted; aud a ruddy glaro in the sky boyond v tho crown of Iho hill explained tho causo of his '• absenco.'1 Tho hush .'was on' fire1, and lio was /an oxtenrivo landowner Partly to 'warm •themselves after their cold ride, nnd partly to . meet their host; Andorton nnd Kcnl, having •* deposited their luggage,' strollod towards1 tho brow which intercepted'their, viow of . tbo burningoounticy. V. ~ • ; ■ 7 From the bininchcb a singular spectacle lay • boforo tliom. - • It was singular; and oven 'grandin its wotrdncss.' Tho white glbteniug -trunks of'thb gum trees "reflected thgflickcring .shadows, thrown up by tlib blazing .uridor • : growth; \\ wreaths of smokQ frolled, blood - tinted,' into tho darkness; and tho firo and •■ ■ ■ flmoko combined mado tho bush for tho timo > being Tcserabloa great gloomy pino forest of •. illimitable' spn'oe, and tho men and women, busy iu their endeavours to savo tho fences, woro converted into tho grotesquo,spirits of 6omo iftferpa] region. In thoir midst a phantom man, upon a phantom horse, both of gigantio 8120,. directed their movements, and as ho moved hither and thither, seemed to ho at times swallowed up or absorbed by tho hugo awesome shadows. Soon a heavy gust of wind passed by, raising Bbowors of sparks, fanning iho noisy flames, and dispersing tho curtains of smoko. It carried* tho swift destruction of merciless firo on its wings, and a roaring liko tho ^ distant sea moauing and rising accom panied its march through the woods. Crashes, invested with new terrors in the surroundings of flamb-haunted night, resounded from afar, telling of ponderous trees laid low. Scenes somewhat similar had heen witnessed by Anderton in tho Queensland bush, but thoy were now to his companion, upon whom thoy madp a strong impression, which impression was the moro firmly fixed by tho report next morn ing that within a few miles of the place where thoy had rested, two brothers had been killed by the fall of the same troo, about tho hour' when Anderton and Neal stood watching tho conflagration. Bush fires had unfortunately been. very rifo of lato in this district, and | numerous mishaps had occurred. Tho phantom rider turned out to be the host himself, from whom, amidst many, apologies for his grimy^ appearance, thoy re ceived a welcome truly colonial in its hearti ness. A cheerful fire blazed in tho wide chimney of his roomy house, and while the host I and Anderton, .with a neighbour who had dropped in, talked of cattle and sheep, and wheat and land, Neal, watching at the burning logs on the hearth, dozed and dozed in his arm chair until he was lost in tho fascinations of dreamland, which now took the shape of an en chanted recess of the Hartz Mountains, peopled with gnomes and imps, rioting in some fionaish revelry. The peaceful lowing of kino under their -windows awoke both Anderton and Neal in the early morning,. and while breakfast was pre paring they walked iuto the garden to enjoy tho-crisp air, and freshen their palates with newly-gathered^ fruit. . Cherries hung over head liko semi-transparent globes of ruby glass; herbs and flowers, ivy and woodbine, fruit and vegetables, flourished iu profusion, convincing our philosophic visitors more than ever that Tasmania ought to bo'not only the sanatorium, but the great kitchen-garden of the whole of Australia. ; During their drive towards the lane they met with overwhelming evidence of tho ravages committed by the conflagration, t>f tho previous evening. Immense trees, partly charred and still smouldering, lay across tho highway; into the trunks of others close to the road the fire had eaten until hnt a few inches of frail support was left; twice trees fell without warning within a few yards of the cart; tho horse's fetlocks were singed, during a detour into the bush, rendered necessary by a fallen blue gum ,.which. obstructed- the . path;-' sometimes oven Anderton held his breath while thoy. drove clo6o to a tree, the smell of whoso burning camohofc in their faces, and' that could not stand half an hour longer. It was like tra velling through a yellow fog in Fleet-street on a November day; but after four miles of suffo cation, crackle, and some danger, tho limits of the fire were passed, and tho cart emerged from tho smoke into tho delicious freshness of puro morning air, and. the brightness of open country enclosed with tho customary hedges of hawthorne, sweetbriar, and gorzo. Yonder were tho mountain ranges bathod in bland sun shine, and had tho tourists boon able to ascend Quamby's Bluff, which thoy now surveyed from another aspect, thoy might, in tho singular nearness of all distant objects, have beheld one of tho sights for which the district is famous. But thoy wero bent upon exploring tho caves, and to the caves thoy were guided by a voung urchin, at whoso father's homestead the iiorso and cart wero left. - This show place certainly deserves all tho praise which is lavished upon it, and as much because of the picturesque mountain scenery of tho neigh bourhood, as of tho extraordinary cavorns in tho limestone, to which pilgrimages are ,raado. How many caves, spacious enough to accommodate largo congregations, there may be, has never been depided, but they arc very numerous, though the most popular aro termed respectively tho Oow and tho Old caves. To Anderton and Neal, who had visited tho caves at Cheddar, in Somersetshire—tho most perfect stalactito formations in miniature to be found probably in Europo—the most striking features of tneso Tosmnnian caverns wero their vast oxtent, and .the exquisite natural grotto scenery marking the dosccnt to' them. No showman has laid bis improving hand upon tho approaches; ovorvthing bears tho wild picluresqueness of unadorned nature, and is therefore adorned tho most. Raro ferns, and rich, cool damp green mosses cover the stones, from whioh you stop across tho limpid brook with bottom of bright golden sand, andissuicgicy cold froin .tho dark mouth of the main entrance. In oho of" those cavorns you may penetrate for two miles, under tho wliito stalactito roof, which as in all stalactito and stalagmite formations assumes the most fantastic forms and combina tions of'forms; the icy rivulet is ever present at your, feet, continuing its unseen journey from some upper spring iujlioheartof tho rock. Tho light of tho candles carried by tho visitor, of coursogivcsenchantmenttothcsesilentunder ground halls, with thoir numerous ante-caves, and dark abysses. : — . Anderton and Neal, not caring, to wado con* linually. across tho brook rushing down' from its unknown source in thobowels of. the earth throiigh.tho pitch darkness, wero'oontent with half a milo or so of penetration into tho cavern, and having duly admired tho peculiarities of tho chief cavern returned to daylight, and to luncheon, outsproad upon a mossy stono at tho entrance.; Their pipes wero there-smoked, and while tho inan went forward to tho farm to mako ready.' his cart, • Neal: and Anderton sauntered into ono of tho cavbs again,; turning from tho main thoroughfare , into one of tho side cham bers, but not troubling thomsolvcs to take the candlos with whioh tho guide had furnished them. At first, having fairly ontorcd tho cavern, at tho bottom of which a rill of water trickled, they were encompassed by a darkness that cou'd almost be felt. . " This," said Anderton, " is truly Cimmerian gloom." " Something' like it, no doubt," auswoted Neal. " But the eye gets accustomed to it." 4'What is that ahead?" exclaimed Anderton. "Very extraordinary," said the other,"it looks like a pale glimmer of light." "It is the most unearthly light I ever saw. Hallo, there," shouted Anderton. The pillars, projections, and icicle-shaped objects around echoed and re-echoed the'shout in startling reverberations, and the faint blue shimmer, which was truly unearthly, seemed to waver. It suggested, but that the outline was too indistinct, the disc thrown upon the sheet by a magic lantern, and the beholders, pausing in their advance, were startled to observe in its midst the intrusion of a ghostly, ghastly visage. Though almost an impalpable shape, there could yet bo seen the bright-eyes in hollow sockets, white, haggard; wrinkled features, and matted hair and beard of a human head, or the supernatural resemblance of it. But it faded out of sight rapidly, and the pale glimmer of light faded out too. "Did my eyes deceivo me?" asked Neal. agnast. "I don't know," said Andcrton; "kmine did not. I saw a man's face." ' " Then it was no deception; let ns go on." The young men accordingly groped forward as well as they , could, but in the coarse of thirty yards, were stopped by a pool of water. Wax matches were struck, hut the temporary light only nlade the darkness beyond more visible. The place was still as the grave. ,■ " Yon are pale," Baid Anderton to his com rade, " and I confess I feel pale; but, I'll re turn for a candle, and fathom the mystery." " I'm with you," answered NeaL * Each man armed himself with a candle, and the two in company returned to the search. They had no difficulty in fixing upon the par ticular cave within a cave in which they had seen what they could not comprehend, for Anderton had planted his stick in the sandy floor at the entrance, and affixed his handker chief to the crook. They walked into the cavern for perhaps two hundred yards. It was not characterised by anything unusual, except that the roof, which mostly took tho shape of loosely hung masses of heavy drapery, was brown, and not white, as was the interior of the cavern-in-chief. . By stepping close to the walls they wero able to get around the pool of water (fed by several side trickles) which" had stopped, them before, and about fifty yards beyond, tho passage, narrowing like a wedge, terminated, a mere cleft in the adamantine wall. Thoy looked high and low for footsteps or some other sign of recent occnpation; hat saw nothing that -Would help them to a con clusion. " It is a trick," said Anderton. " Some per son was hero, and ho escaped while -wo went for lights." ' " - " I do not think so," answered NeaL " "We are baffled at any rate." ' " So it seems, Anderton replied. Thus .saying, they retraced their stops, and walked back to the form house.' -