" AS A TALE THAT IS TOLD." By KautWA. Chapter XXII. One Friday about tho beginning of February tho heat seems to come to a climax. For two days wo haro had furious hot winds. All day I have lain about in different stages of ex haustion, making scarcely a protonco of oven reading. Our hooks lio scattered OTor tho houso, in all sort places that some one has tried and loft again loo hot to carry tho book witli ' thom. Every door and window is closed against the ficrco wind, but tho house is full of tlio hot smell of bush fires that comes for miles and miles over the plains. Oil tho roof there rattles a ' ceaseless shower of. sand and pebbles, 'swept along ' beforo tho resistless wind, and falling over us liko rain. AH through tho terrible afternoon I lie on tlio floor of my room, scarcely able to 1 hear the heat of tho thinnest of wrappers. At ' times I got up and movo aside tho darkening curtains to seo tho effect on my flowers, and at ' cvory survey my spirits sink lower. Tho violets ! in tho borders lie flat on the burning ground ; ' the groat heliotropes aro blackened as if a'frost I hod cut them, and every plant in the garden I hangs heavily. The shrubs, bent almost to tho ' ground beforo oacb fierce girnt of tlio fiery wind, j make mo hold my breath every now and then as I j wait expecting to sco thorn snap off at tlio roots. The groat pinos beyond loss to and frons tho wind roars through their bonding branches, and above it all the sun gleams through the murky sky liko a ball of red fire. "Oh. dear." I crv wearily. worn out by tho terrible licat and the closeness of the house, "how inuoli longer is this to last?" I look at my watch and am more dejected still at tho result. "Only half-past four !" I cry des pairingly, "then there are hours of it yet." I lie down again after this discovery, nnd shut my oyes with a dim hope of falling asleep. I am sncli a good slcopcr tlmt this is not so wild a hopo ns' it would seom to many people, but this timo it seems hopeless with all the racket going on out- side. I lie still for what seems a long timo to ! me, but when I get up again I find it is a quarter j to .five, and that I have only been still a quarter 01 an nour. xnon 1 give up au tuoiigut of going to sloop, so I pour out a glass of tlio weak claret arid water I kavo been sustaining myself on through tho day, and thus much refreshed, pro. ceed on a tour through tho bouso to observe tho general aspect of things. In tho hall I stop nnd study tho baromotcr hopelessly; it has fallen ow, and is still falling. Then I look at tho ther mometer, finding the usual pleasure in knowing how mncii I have to bear. In the drawingroom Frank is lying, just exhausted enough to refrain from greeting me with complimentary observa tions over ray appearance. "How do you liko it, Frank?" I inquiro, drawing tho curlnin aside and looking aimlessly "Nover enjoyed myself worso in my life," ho answersjaconically. " What's tho time?" " Ten minutes to five," I say, and Frank groans at the news. For over an hour I movo about from place to place, finding it unendurable everywhere nnd longing for night. Dolly's cats He nil about in every place that they can get into, and tlicy stretch themselves over tho floor and pant as if thoy wore going to dio. I tap tlio barometer again, and sec it is falling fast. "This must bring -a change, surely," I reflect, a littlo moro hopefully, and then go to tho window nnd look out to tho sky. Tho sun is getting low in tho west, and sinking into a groat bank of stormy clouds. My hopes revive at the sight ; anything is better than to sec it drop down night after night crimson behind the line of the horizon, with not a cloud to shcltor us from his might. Standing watching tho lurid sky and tlio dark clouds, I positively revel in the thought of a thunderstorm. Lower sinks tlio sun, touching the rim of cloml hank and dropping behind it, sending long shafts of hot light upwards through the sky. I notice tlio trc cs bend a little differently, and I see that Hie w>ind is changing. " Oil, thank heaven !" I oja- ' culato fervently, " that will bring up tbo clouds." The rattle on tho roof sounds a little les3 heavy, and I begin to feel hopeful. "Frank," I say, going back to the drawing- room, " tho wind's changing ; I believe wo'll liavo a storm soon. Como and look at tho sky," I draw back tho curtain, nnd ho comes and looks "Looks liko it," ho remarks, scanning the horizon. Almost as ho speaks there comes the first muttering of tho thunder. " Ah, that's right," he remarks, cheering up, " that's jnst what wo want." Tho clouds begin to spread and to roll up quickly, till they cover the sky, and flashes of vivid lightning, followed by low, distant thunder, break through their thickening masses. Wo stand watching in silence, whilo tlio clouds hurry over head and the thunder comos nearer. Then tho wind drops suddenly, and all round the dust rises up from tho roads and towers up in high columns, moving along slowly, and gathering as they go. There is an ominous hush over every- vlllug , VUU uarftj uueiy luuua two own, huu mu cypresses rise straight and moveless against tho lurid sky. Everything is suddenly still, except the dust sailing slowly along the roads on every side. Thon through the strange hush of overy-. thing I hear a low sound ; distant, but coming rapidly nearer. " What is it, Frank':"' I ask, listening intently. Ho listens for a moment without answer ing, and I stand still and hold my breath. It is a sound I have not heard for years, some thing liko tho humming that swarms of flying antB make in tho air. It comes nearer nnd nearer tiHitisliko tho sound of tho son. Then Frank cries. "It's tho rain coming !" and wo stand another moment as it comes closer through tho trees. Suddenly tho sky is rent with lightning, nnd a terrible crash of thunder makes mo start con- ' vulsivoly, nnd then tho rain comos down in a flood, doafening us with its iioisa on tho roof. "By Jovo !" Frank exclaims, " what a dc- lugo !" I stand at tho window watching tho pouring rain, with a sigh of thankfulness ns my eyes pass over the yellow gardon ; then I turn away, thinking of Barbara. I find her standing by the window, looking out at tho rain. Through tlio noiso of it slio docs not hear mc come iu, and she turns quickly at my voice eloso to her. "Oh, Barbara, isn't this glorious !" I cry. gratefully, " won't it do tho gardon gosd !" and . I draw eloso to her and fall into silenco again as 1 wo watch out togother. At intervals the light- ning darts across the dark sky and the thunder crashes out liko tho report of artillery and after | caob poal the rain pours down hardorand harder, j coming straight nnd strong liko a water-spout upon tlio dark pines and tho bent flowers. It ! ponrs down noisily nntil tho paths are each liko j rivors with tlio thick yellow water rushing along them, and then it stops as suddenly as it begun, I nnd through the snddon stillucss I can hoar tho ' water pouring from tlio flooded spouts. There is I a sound of general movements throughout tlio ! house, and I can boar the doors being opened. I j routo myself at the sound and throw up tbo win- j dows, loaning out and drinking in tlio exquisito j freshness of tbo air with silent rapture. Tho ! tremulous raindrops fall from tho creepers and glisten on my hair ; I look up and catch their coolness 011 my upraised face. . Over to tho cast tho clouds aro rolling away lit with bright lightning, nnd tho jarring thunder following at longer nnd longer intervals. I11 the ! west the sky Is bare, and there is a pink glow of sunset. I The wet, faded flowers bang heavily, and tho j trees shake light showers flashing into tho pools j under them. I look round to seo if Barbara is enjoying it too, but slio is gone, and I turn away loo, ana go out to tnc others. Every door and window is open, and tlio house i3 filled with tho smoll | of tho wet earth. My father and Frank are out in tho verandah revell ing in;tlie coolness. "Oh, Papa," I cry ecstatically, "isn't this glorious ?" "It is indeed," ho answers thankfully. " I ex- per ted a change, but I scarcely ventured to hope fo ..uch change as this." "By Jove !" Frank says entliuiastically, "didn't it comedown though ! something like a rain that; positively tropical !" " Oh, dear I" I say again, gratefully, " I am so thankful, I don't know how wo could positively have got through any more such weather as wo'vo had lately." "I shouldn't liavo got through it," remarks Frank. "I should liavo given up the ghost in a day or two moro." " Good thing it camo in timo," I respond. " Ah, you may well say that," he answers calmly, " A week or two moro and you'd have laid me in an early grave — cut off in the bloom of youth." " That would be bad." " You'd liavo found out tho difference," he pro ceeds. But I do not wait to hear tho difference enlarged upon, although, ne I turn away and laugh, I cannot help thinking that we would all find it out. There is a sound of preparation in the dining room as I puss into tlio houso again, nnd I glance at the clock. " Time to see how Barbara's enjoy ing it," I remark, nnd go to her room expecting to find her at tho window. " Tired of it already, Barbara !" I cry lightly as I enter and seo her lying back in her chair with her head turned away from tho window. But as I spoak my oyes fall on her face and it almost startles mo. "Barbara I" I cry softly, hurrying to her side and leaning over hor, " What is tho matter ? you look so white !" " Tho weather, I suppose," she answers, smiling up into my anxious face, and laying hor hand over mine. " Tho weather and old ago it must be, as usual." She speaks with hor old serene cheerful ness, but I fancy I can detect a change in her voice, and her white faco frightens me still. " Oh, Barbara I" I say sadly, dropping down on my knees beside her clmir and looking yearn ingly into her eyes. "Tho day lias been too much for you, — is that -it ?" " Y'os, I suppose that is It," she says gently, stroking my hair as she speaks. " This lias been a terrible day, and one feels tlie change at first." "Yes,— but you will feel bettor again to morrow, Barbara?" I ask wistfully. "I hope bo, my child," she answers cheerfully; " after this cool night one should rise liko a giant refreshed." "1 nopo so, 1 say mis nine. . There is a movement along the passage, and sho reminds me I have very little time, ar.d I go away striving to feel less anxious. When I go back nftor dinner she is in bed but not asleep, and I ask anxiously how she feels now— is sho better ? and try to take hor word for it that she is very well. And so I leave hor, still disquieted, hat hopeful of tlio good the rest and coolness of the night will do her. In tho morning she is sleeping when I goto her, and I go softly away very much relieved. Tho air is clear and cool and the garden fresh and damp. I roam ahout with keen delight in it all, and deep thankfulness in my" heart. The hot thirsty earth lias drunk up every drop of tho rain, but the paths aro dark and damp, and the loaves are crisp and erect again, Alio cooi uarK pines look greener washed from their covering of dust, and their resinous breath fills the air. Tho tall lilacs siiake gleaming drops over mo as I brush past their green branches, and from out tho fruit trees there comes the liquid note of a bell bird and the song of a magpie. Frank comes singing through the trees, and catches sight of my light dross ns I roam ahout. "Isn't this grand ?" lie says, joyously coining towards me. " Doesn't it make you feel jolly? Upon my word its worth going through the heat for such a ehango as this ; lint isn't it wonderful where it's all gono to ?" "Oil, tho ground would hnvo taken twice ns much." I say, looking round, "just think how dreadfully dry it was ; you won't see a sign of it to-morrow." "Ah, that's tho worst of it," sighs Frank, 'a change and a storm at this time of tho year last such a littlo whilo." _ k "Their effects, you mean." " Yes, of course ;" to-morrow may be scorching again." "Oh, yes," I respond, cheerfully, "worse, moat likely, than it was hctorc. iiauip ncav s al ways so much worse to bear." " What a beastly country lie sighs, looking as dolorous now as he looked jubilant before; "not lit for civilised people !, Bcdad, 1 wish I was back in the could North." " All, you must ; Ireland must bo sueli a lovely country all round, if it isn't a famine it's a riot of somo sort or other- always something to cheer you up." . I "Oh, you needn't laugh at my country you colonials think Uiere'r no plsco like these wrctchal little colonics of yours— regular para dise, Victoria !" " A paradise for tho working man, Frank. If you would only work a little you might find it out, liko the other horny liandeds hnvo." " Yes, thoy have !" ho retorts promptly, " oil yes, it's tho finest place under heaven for tho working man ; quite a paradise !" " Well," I respond, composedly, j"you always say that your idea of paradise is having no work to do." " By Jovo I" he ejaculates, with an air of dis covery. " That's what Berry's been driving at. I begin to soo a light— that's just what is a paradise for tlio working man, and for everybody else too, if tlicy would only confess it. I'llgo in for Berry myself, and I'll talk to the governor about it too." "You'll do an immense amount of good." "Oh, I'm not such a raw hand as you may think. I believe in ' him now— only this is a regular hot-bod of Conservatism round hero, a fellow hasn't a chance with thom. Why, I wanted Marline to call inctr km aiicr nun, and tnoy wouldn't hear mo out. Mrs. M. said she believed I was making a fool of her— think of that ! It wasn't tho least uso tolling hor I wasn't, or say ing that ' Gralmm Borry Martin' sounded rogal Sho wouldn't listen to it. I told them we'd been discussing a name for that kid up here, and wc all thought it lovely, and I told hor I was chris tened after Longmore myself— it wasn't a bit of good." And Frank shakos his head thoughtfully and turns largo, grave eyes upon' roe seriously. "Frank," I say, calmly, "you'll get your self into trouble if you talk to people th6 way you do." " Get into trouble ' Wliy.ilio people round here lovo mo I Why, old mother Martin bogins blessing me as soon ns I dawn on tho horizon. She told mo one day hor heart got lighter tho moment I hove in sight. You should just have board her. ' Och, Mistlier O'Brien, is it your self ? Sure yo'rc like a sight 0' tbo sunshine I' Upon my lionar slio did. Yon don't believe it, of coarse ; you sco a prophet's never much in bis own country, liko I am hero ; but they just do appreciate worth down at Martin's." I am perfectly woll aware of tho fact that my mercurial relative it appreciated and im mensely admired amongst those people— the Irrnh portion of them especially, with whom he is wont to convcrso in a particularly affable manner, garnishing his discourse with tho idiom of his country, which they take for granted as his usual style of conversation, but most of which he lias acquired in his intercourse with them— and so obtaining a high stand in their affections. I believe they look upon Frank, with his band- soioo debonnair appoaranco and his choice collec tion of Celtic figures of speech, as a thing of beauty, and as a pleasant reminder «f their na- tivo land, something 11s they might re gard a genuine shamrock out in Austra lia. Their belief in him might perhaps falter a little if thoy could hoar occasional re citals of Frank's about his adventures and doings of tho day when his business has carried him in their direction ; and I daresay their admiration would cool considerably if they saw and heard liim in the atmosphere of home without a lin gering trace of tlio slight melodious broguo which ho assumes as a matter of course in his conversa tion with them. Frank is an excellent mimic. I have confessed this to myself on two or throe oc casions when I liavo been out with him, and have formed an interested audience to short dis courses to old Martin or his wife, Frank's chiof supporters ; nnd I have been moved to admira tion, too, at the exquisito composure with which he will sit on his horso at the door of their hut and exchango salutations and greetings with tho inhabitants. I hnvo fallen nt last into tho habit of reining in my horse at a short distance among the trees, iXUUI H1I1LU I Citll iJv.ll IflUIUUt ulitllg at>l<U| uuu Frank will joiu mc when lie has done his busi ness, pursued with blessings, and with peace upon his serene brew, and we wil rido away together with a faint "Och, the Lord bless you, Mistlier O'Bricu !" coming through tho trees after us. I am so aware of Frank's popularity that I do not even doubt his statements, but I mako the most scornful reply I can think of as I move away. As I pass out'of siglit round a great laurustinus I hear liim exclaim suddenly, and I pause a moment, wondering what it is. . " I!y Jovo !" I hear him say, in astonishment, " I say, Claud, here's Lejdcn." I stand in sudden dismay for an instant, with a strange nervousness at meeting him. Then I gtiiuco swiitiy iroul mi coxjrii) iinu uuu niu familiar figure coming up the path still a good way down, and Frank turned back to meet him, and then, fooling sure I have not boon seen, I slip away through tho shrubs, and hurry by devious stages to tho house unobserved. I hasten straight to tho security oi my room, and go to the window to watch them come up. I do not know that I expected anything different, but somehow tlio sight of Mr. Loydcn coming along with Frank, atul talking as pleasantly and composedly as over, sooins to reassure mo immensel/. Not enough to prevent my still feoling awkwardly nervous though, and so I sit' down when tlicy go in nnd pick up a book as a sort of pro text for staying there. I sit tbero for about 11 quarter ot an. Hour reading carefully, and retaining not tlio vaguest remem brance of what I have been looking at, when I hear one of the sorvants going past and call softly to her—" Mary ! Is there nnyono in the drawing room now ?" " No, Miss ; Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Loydon was in jnst before, but they're gono now." " Gone ?" " Yes, Hiss; Mr. I.oydou's ridden away and Mr. O'Brien's in the Stable." "Ob, very well,, that's right," I say, somewhat relieved ; " you arc suro of it ?" " Oh, yes, I seen Mr. Leyden rido away mysoif. Ill liiy relief I remember Barbara, and call tho girl back to ask if sho knows whether Bar bara is sleeping still. Sho tells mo sho boliovc8 sho is. There has lieen no sound iu her room, and so I go quietly away to tho drawingroom till lunch is ready, and when I am just going to Barbara again Lcuio JIUlor and her brother ride up, tempted out by tho cool day, and so I am kept listening to her chatter and to her brother' 1 tritenesses till late in the afternoon, ami I havo 110 chance to see how Barbara is. I am glad when they go at last and I can do ns I like. I find Barbara silting in tlio easy chair by tho open window, her faco turned from mo. I cannot help noticing again how white she is, but I am getting used to that now, and I' am al ways impressing on myself bow very natural her pallor is in summer time. Sho greets mo with her old gentle smile as I enter, and I stoop over her ami kiss licr tenderly. "Has your rest done yon good, Barbara ?" I ask, dropping down on tho stool at licr feet, and looking up nt her with loving eyes. Yes, dear, I feel better than I did last night," sho answers slowly, and licr voice has something in it that disturbs the reassurance of licr words. "Oh, yesterday was such a terrible day," I answer, trying to feel comfortable. " Even I felt as though I should bo knocked up with anothor as that, I hope," I add, with a littlo doubt in my own voice. " It was very unusual." And I talk on as hopefully as I can about the weather, and aboiit tho coining of the autumn. She leans back quietly, passing her caressing hand over my liair while slio listens, and with her oyes upon ray face all the time I spoak. " We'll havo only a month or so now of sum mer, and then cool weather again," I say ; " and in tho winter you'll be quite strong again, Bar bara." " If you could make mc strong again, I need not wait for the winter, need I, child ?" " Oh, no." I eigb, looking a iker gentle, worn face wistfully ; " but winter will soon bo here now, Barbara." Slio leans forward and luy3 her hands on my shoulders, looking into' my eyes with inexpres sible tenderness, and ray heart throbs suddenly with vague misgiving. " And if tho winter came and it wore too lato for me ?" she asks, gently. My heart beats quickly, but I only answer— " Don't talk like that, Barbara I" " My dear," sho says softly, " you cannot ex pect me to live for ever ; I mu»t die some day — don't you remember that ?" For answer I only gaze upon her with frightened She draws my head'suddenly on to her bosom. " Oh, my dear," she cries, "it is so hard to tell you /" Sho stops again, and I do not move. " Have you never thought of it yourself ?" she asks softly. "Did you never guess I might nover see the winter again ? My child, I have guessed it all through the summer, but I was not sure till last night — it was such a terrible day ; and last night I know that I was right." I scarcely breathe as she speaks. I do not ask why she knows. Afterwards she told me that last night a blood vessel had broken, and she lmd kept it from everyone for fear of frightening me. " I thought thoy would bo home before I had to give in, and you would have homo it better with them to comfort you." No one but one of the servants knew of it, and sho was told not to tell me. I listen, dazed and passive, as she tells me, and will soon got used to the thought of it — it is the first that is the hardest to hear. But no comforting can still the anguish of my heart. I lift my head and look up into her com- passionato face with a wild sense of agony. What shall I do without her ; the friond of my motherless childhood, of all my life ! In the passionate grief of the moment I forget every thing but her, and feel that sho is the only one in the world that loves mo now, and when she is gono I shall ho all alone. " Oh, Barbara, Barbara," I weop despairingly, 41 wlifit, «shnll T do?" "My darling," sho answers mo in hor low, soothing voice, "you have your mother and Dolly left." "Oh, Barbara!" I cry, still in my despair, " yon are nty mother. There is no one in the world loves me like you." She draws me closer to her, and holds mo in her arms, " Ob, my darling," she cries, with a sharp ring of grief in licr voice, " there is no one lovc8 you as I do. Y'ou aro all I have in the world to love." But even then, in the outbreak of her own re gret, sho checks herself that she may comfort mine ; and she strokes my hair again softly while sho tells me I shall soon get used to it. I shall miss her at first, but soon I will get over it. T nm cr» vnumr vet. nnd vonth cannot fffievc Ion?. Now is the hardest time, perhaps, of all ; very soon I shall think quito quietly ahout her, and tho memory will havo lost all its bitterness. Her words lull 1110 in spito of mysetf, and I lay liiy head on her breast and cry quietly, for I do not know how long, while sho strokes my hair and soothes me as she has so often in the days of my childhood, while I, thinking of her as the only love I havo left to me, can only sob brokenly, "Oh, Barbara, Barbara, what shall I do?"