[?] OUR EASTER TALE. AT THE TURN OF HIS LUCK. By CROMER DARING. CHAPTER I. Tho little school mistress had dismissed the one sleepy scholar who had been kept in, slie had watched him ride away on hiB old grey pony, far down the narrow bush road ; tlion slio had roturncd to the ompty schoolroom, and swept, and dusted it, and examined the highly original distortions, which their designers fondly imagined were reliable maps of New Zealand ; she had read tho newspaper, finished her tea and washed up, and now, all her work over, she prepared to. enjoy lier honorable leisure, and her usual Tuesday treat— the letter from home. She sat out on the verandah, with Jo her collie hoside her, both of thorn trying to per- suride themselves that tho evening air was most refreshing after tho licat of tho day. But it was too great a strain on the imagination, for thero was not a breath of wind to cool the air, and the thermometer still registered 87 dog. in tho shade. The little school teacher's moodB always varied with tho weather, and now she felt dull and depressed with a miserable feeling of worse to come, that was iiot entirely due to the heat. f Perhaps her sister's letter would cheer her up, they usually did, for Madgo could write pages of witty chatter about nothing in parti cular, and she was a true artist at making the very most of nny scrap of news. But thought- less Madge had blundered into a subject that her sister had learnt to dislike thinking about. " Liszie Fulton has got a Bchool somewhere in Southland," slie wrote, "and, like you, she has to live in the schoolroom by herself. Of course, the committee would have uo objec tion to one of her family living with her if she liked, but, as you know, there is no one, who could be spared for that, and so alio has to go off by herself. They eay it is a very lonely place, too, built on a windy, tussocky ridge, quite a mile from any other house. I should be scared out of my life if I had to live like that, but if Lizzie possesses any nerves she hasn't discovered that interest- ing fact yet, so ehc laughs, and says that if any Bwaggcr conies bothering her Bhe'll brain him with a fryiugpan. I hope she will feel as cheer ful when she is really there. I do think it is very wrong of nny education hoard or Bchool committee, or whoever the responsible party may be, to allow a girl to live olone in such a place. They should send a man to all those lonely school houses ; only, of course, a man would be quite helpless' if he wore left by liimself. No man could do a woman's work ; but I suppose every woman could do a man's. Anyhow, I am very much surprised, that our very paternal Government hasn't, long before this, brought in a bill to put a stop to it, and if it doesn't do it soon I shall petition it on tlio subject, even if I haven't got a vote yet. " Tell mo truly, Dot, don't you sometimes fool fearfully frightened away there all by yourself ? I know you liavo norve enough for two ordinary women, but you are not like Nelson, you do know what fear is, for you can't dony that you are terrified by spiders. Something like that lady who was staying at tho beach last year- do you remember lier ? Slio was afraid to bathe, but ' it is not the sharks I am afraid of, it's tho jellyfish,' she used to say. How we laughed at hor ; but perhaps you are like her, after all, and ' it's not tho swaggers you ore afraid of, it's tho spiders.' Anyway, I should be horribly scared to live down there, even with you, though you know perfectly well that if tlio family could afford to lose my most valu able financial aid, I should fly to you to morrow, only if it could do without my salary it could do without yours instead, and you needn't stay there at ail. Oh, dear, I am get ting into mathematical calculations beyond my depth, and must change tlio subject, Ac. .Tho little schoolmistress smiled at first as she read this, then her faco suddenly sobered, and there was a pathetio wilfulness in the grey eyes as she glanced round her little dominion. There was 110 one to dispute her sway. She had only two near neighbors, one family lived in tho hush two miles away, and thero was a river between ; the other lived four miles away in the opposite direction, and there was nothing but bush between, as yet. Yes, she was queen of all slie aurvevod, the ugly, Btaring, newly built soliool house, with the primitive attempt at grirden around it, and tbo untidy ground near at hand, whore tho dead and blcaohed stumps of forost trees roared tlicir glmstiy forms from tho rankly growing grass, and the fringe of the bush itself just beyond, and still quite close to tlio house, where tho growing trees stood tali, and dark, and straight and slender. Further in the bush there were trees of every shapo and eize, here they wero all of one kind, the hardiest, and these the little soliool mistress loved best of all. Somo one had planted near them several young weeping willows, which had been a great joy to the teacher when "she first camo in tho spring. When she watched tho graceful littlo trees, in their fresh green, dancing about with the' wind, slio thought they wero like fair littlo Britisli children playing with tho dusky natives of tho bush. But now thoy were breathless, thirsty nnd with the summer heat' they hung their heads and wouldn't play any more, while their dignified comrades, suffering almost as much, held their heads high and stiffly, and cried to the sky for rain. Tho school houso stood on a riso a stone's throw from tho road, thero was bush stretohing for miles and miles behind it, and on tho other side of tlio road thero was nearly as much bush, and bush -as yet practically uncleared, thick with undergrowth. Thorogrow tho soft crepe ferns nnd dainty little umbrella mosses, mid here and thero loug trails of lycopodium of a brilliant, shiny green, and tlio curious littlo grocn nnd white striped orohids (?) hid their hooded heads close to tlio ground. But with all their shyness, the littlo echool mistress had known whero to find them, and slio would run across the road to hunt for tlicm early in the morning, when tlio snn was shining brightly and the liquid note of tlio boil bird rang clear through tlio joyous air, and tho grey robins hopped about here, there, and everywhere, looking as cheeky and inquisitive as tho most impertinent of sparrows. Tho little school mistress had tried to imitato tlio boll bird's song (a most lamentable failure by the way), and she shot saucy glances baok at the robins, if indeed it be possibio for a fair lady to be oliecky to a tiny bird. Sometimes the early coming pupils would wonder wlioro tlio teacher was, until ehe appeared on tho other side of tho road with her hands full of forns_ and lycopodium. That had, however, been in the spring nnd early summer, now for weeks thero hod been constant blazing heat, and everything was parched anil dry. Tho school teacher enjoyed lier work, too, as well as her play, for the ohildren wero well enough behavod, and very fond of her. Sho had to teach 10 boys and girls, . whoso ages ranged from 5 to 15, and who came from homes on cithor side of the bush. They all used to enjoy themselves very much at dinner time, when tho boys would fight a fire to boil the billy for tho mid-day cup of tea. They had to take great caro of tho tiro now, for when every thing around was bo parched and dry, a littlo coreFesBnesa might set the whole bush in a blaze. The teacher always joined the ohildren at this meal, for it was pleasanter out of doors. Sho meant to have dinner in the kitchen when the winter came, and the children should be her guests as long as the .wet weather lasted. Meanwhile sho made tho dinner time delightful to all, with iter store of anecdotes and fun, They thought there was no ono so amusing as their teacher. No, Dot was by no means a3 miserable as her sister imagined. True, elio liad only had a few months of the life as yet, and those tlio pleasantest months of the year, hut by the time winter came she would be seasoned to the solitude, and better able to bear its dreari- noss. She wasn't in the least afraid of "swaggers," tho bush road was not a popular one' with these gentry; and the few that had passed that way had been inoffensive and very respectful to Jo. Ono who had called that day had been very meek and overwhelmingly grateful for some bread anil meat she had given him. But this singularly brave young person, who was only half afraid of tho long legged bush spiders, had one groat and unconfessed dread. She was very much afraid of thunderstorms. There had been a very sevcro one soon after lier arrival. Tho children had gone homo, and the little teacher lay curled up on her bed in a perfect paroxysm of terror, while the thunder rumbled and rolled itself nearer and nearer anil at last had seemed to gather all its forces for ono terrific crack and roar as if the heavens had split to pour destruction down on the school house. Then it rumbled itself away again, 'and the lonely girl straightened herself out and tried to forget the horrors Bhe had passed through. But she never did forget (there was a charred tree near tlio house for a perpetual reminder), anil she was always imagining that one would come agnin when she was all alone with no pro- tectors but the lofty trees (Bhe couldn't have bettor). I'erhap3 it was an idea that bucU a storm would be the only fitting ending for a day of such- sultry heat that made Dot shiver with a feeling of apprehension as she finished lier eurvey of Tier kingdom and say out aloud to Jo, " No, indeed, Jo, we aro not at all nervous here, are we? But," with a sigh, "all the same, I do . wish Madge hadn't written that nonsense." Slie jumped up and walked quickly down to the road, and stood there gazing along its narrow length, no far as she could see. At each end of the road bush, and at either sido bush, "Come for a race, Jo," and off the two mad things started. She ran fleetly enough, but Jo not only kept up with her, he found ample time to perform a sort of waltz round her at various intervals. At last the girl stopped and threw lierseif down on the ground panting ; Jo, pant ing too, wanted to go on wnltzing around her, until she held him down and threatened him with a whipping if he didn't behave himself, so Jo first barked defiantly, and tlion yielded to the force of circumstances and his mistress's hand, and lay down obediently while the girl eat, gazing at the sunset's glory. When the brilliant gold and crimson began to turn to sombre purple nnd grey, oho gave her- Bolf a littlo shako and stood up. " Come along, Jo," she said, "I must go homo now . and write some tnrradiddles to amuse Madge." Cheered by this laudable intention, she set off at a run to what she proudly called her "official man sion." The said letter was a work of art, well calcu lated to set Madge's fears quite at rest, for very skilfully did the writer pass over all unpleasant nesses and give tho most pleasing idea of her daily life. It is true the letter was not all honeyed BWeetness, for in it Dot, for the limidrcdtli time, remonstrated with Madge for using tho babyish nickname, to the head (and sole) mistress of the Rangitura State school," who, I would remind you, bears the names of Mistress Dorothy lElizaboth Alltrea Lindsay, and who, I can assure you, feels capable of supporting "Es many moro with dignity. "If yon can't from all those highsounding titles choose one more suitable for such au important personage than ' Dot ' is, then come to school and I will teaoh you." This letter being finished, the girl went to tho baok door and looked out into the dark. Jo, who was lying on tho mat, looked up at her wistfully and wagged his tail. . " No I won't, Jo," oho said, " I'm not coming out again to-night, tho moon will be' rising soon, and ron know I hate moonlight shadows, and I don't fool very happy, so I II go to bed before I have time to be frightened." And Jo, by the wag of his tail, said she was very sensible, so she gavo him a biscuit, patted his head and locked tho door. In a few minutes sho was sleeping as soundly as a baby/thoroughly tired out by the heat of tho day. It was quite two houra later that she was wakened by howls from Jo. There was a faint light on her window blind, and although she could not bear to look out of iter window during the night for fear oho should frighten horself by tho sight of the weird shapes around the house, and the ghastly gleam of tall bleached trunks there was something in Jo's persistent howling that made her, get up and draw the blind aside. Tho next minute her faco blanched, and with trembling fingers, she was dressing rapidlv, for tho sky to the west was lit up with a red glare, whoso origin could not bo doubted. She took up her light summer dress, then, suddenly remembering, flung it aside and flew to tho cupboard for a thick woollon ono. Then Bhe seized a cloak and a hoy's Blouch hat from tho passage, putting them on as she ran to the door. Sho opened Si0 d"or, end ran to the road to look again. The bush to the west was all in flames, how near thoy were she couldn't tell for the rolling cloudB of smoko. This bIio did know, that her nearest neighbor in that direction was four miles away, and tho fire was in bctweon. Jo whined piteouslv and crawled to hor feet, tho girl caught her breath with a littlo sharp sob. " Oil God, help mo," sho cried, "for I am ail alone." Chapteb II, Four miles away from the echoolhousc, rind on tho very edge of tho bush stood a small cottage. Farmhouse it really was, as might bo seen by the various buildings which surrounded it, but it was as yet an infant farmhouse of four rooms only. Tho place belonged to a young man Dick Hunt, who hail owned his farm for two years, and his wife for as many months, nnd was still inordinately proud of both posses sions. That day ho liad a great pleasure and surprise, for liis old chum, Fred Orton, had juBt returned from Coolgardie aftor a moro than two years' absence, and while tho little school mistress away in the bush wob dreaming peace ful dreams, the two young men wero sitting up enjoying a smoke and a long talk together. "I suppose you hnvo como baclc a regular Coolgardie Croesus, oh, old man ?" said Dick. "Your remark is moro alliterative than cor rect," his friend rejoined drily. " Well, with a pot of money anyhow, I am" sure you wouldn't wear that pleasant ex pression if you were feeling the ohamo of going back." " Oh, no, not at all, I haven't done badly by any means, not rich, you know, but still — how will that suit you for a two years' earnings?" and he named the sum. Dick opened his eyes wide, " Good enough 1 my boy, and what are you going to do with such wealth ?" " Follow your example and go in for farming. Dairy farming in Now Plymouth, I think will be the idea. I shall be able to manage it with that, shan't 1 ?" " Easily ! Why you'll be a millionaire yot, and having followed iny example with regard . to the farm are you going on to take to your self a wife as I nave done?" Fred didn't answer, hut there was no need. " Who is it Fred? When is it to be? I con gratulate you and all that you know. Why didn't you tell me before ; is that what sent you off fortune hunting so suddenly?" "Not so fast please, my dear young friend, and let mo get a word in etlgewiso. You aro taking too much for granted. Because I want a wife it doesn't follow that I can get ho/. I haven't said anything to her vet. I couldn't say anything when I was so hard up, and it is only this last three months that my luck has turned, and put me in a position to be able to think of such a thing. But I've hardly heard anything of her all this time, and I don t know whether she cares a fig for me." "Who is slie ?" Diok inquired again, " anyone I know V " No, I don't think yon can ever have seen her, Blie was living in Auckland when I mot her firat. Such a sweet little girl, very young she was, and she had tho prettiest ways with , her that you ever saw. "Of course," said Diok conventionally, then as this remark fell deservedly flat, he re sumed : "When are you going to see her?" "Ab soon as I have seen the mater, of course I muBt wait for that, she is away to-night that's why I'm here. Do you know that; though, I have been thinking about Betty for two whole years and working like a slave to make Bome money, now that I have tho money I am positively scared of going up thero to sco her." "Why on earth ?' began his friend. "Well, you aoe, she may be engaged to another fellow, or else may not care for me any way. There is none of the " bo truo to me " business about this. I never said a word of it to her, and she lias no more reason to suppoBo I care for hor than the man in tbo moon. I felt very virtuous and honorable when I loft her like that, but now I begin to wish I had given her a littlo hint." " Just as if liis eyes liqdn't been telling her pretty things all the time," thought Dick, but ho wasn't going to encourage his friend's hopes unduly. " Dick," called a soft voice a little way off, and Dick, who had not yet passed the obedient stae, at once rose and left the room. He wan back again in a minute. " Come out here. The bush is on fire; Flo saw it from hor room and called mo to see. Come ! And Hunt rushed out of the house, followed by his friend. What a magnificent eight met their eyes ! About half a mile to the east the sky was a mass of flames, and rolling smoke, and from where they stood they could hear the cracklo of the trees. " Any danger to you? " Orton asked. " I hope not ; I don't think so. The wind is rising now— a nor'-wester." And even as he ' spoke there came a puff of air like a blast from a furnace. "But I told Flo to dross; it is best she should. My word, what a blaze! You'll see the whole bush that way will go, and pretty quickly too, for everything is as dry as tinder ; and the wind is gotting up in earnest now. I may thank my luoky stars that it is no nearer us; but won't old Gibbs swear J " "No one lives in this part of the bush-. There will bo no loss of life, I suppose? " asked Orton. " Only Holland, you know, and ho will have plenty of timo to olenr. My God, though, and -Dick clutched tho other's arm excitedly, "I forgot the littlo school mistfesB " He stopped, his eyes round with horror. " Well, hurry up," said Fred. "She lives ail;alono in the new school house, four miles away. Good heavens, what will aho do ? Unless she gets a good start she can't ran bofore this fire, and she may bo fast asleep still." "Where is tho school home?" " Where old Pat's cottage used to bo." " Then'it is two miles to tho rivor from thcra nnd another half milo to Holland'e f "Yos." Diok was alone. "Wliore on earth lias that fellow gone to?" ho said to liimself. In a' minute ho had his answer as Fred appeared again beside him, leading Griff, his beautiful horse, tho ono valuable thing that the poverty stricken Frcil had possessed. " You aro not going there," Dick gasped ; " the fire is both sides of the road and it has euoh a start by now." "I think wo shall got through. Griff will go muoh faster than the fire, as long as the wind doesn't inorense." "But it will, I'm afraid," cried Dick, as ho opened tho gate; "and that hotso is out of condition, you knojv." Fred paused for a moment and Btooped from his horso. . "If I don't como back you'll toll Botty what I told you, sho will never know, unless. Good-bye, old man," rind he was off. "What is the matter?" asked Mrs.- Hunt- when she saw hor husband'B miserable faco. Uo told her. ."And of course I know that he couldn't very well do anything' rilse) but ho liar- been unlucky nil his lifo, and it did seem as il his luck had turned at last." "Well," said Flo, - consolingly, " there is'ono comfort; if any horse r can race the flames Griff can." For Griff was renowned, through all the district aud mauy and marvellous were tlio tales told about hiui. 13ut Griff bad never had to run as ho did that night. He flew after the fire like the wind, and it seemed only a minute beforo he was on its track. Hore the road was scattered with littlo bits of smouldering grass, on either side the trees stood liko great flaming torches, springing .from a smoking undergrowth. Fred didn't see the details. He only saw the face of the girl ke loved, and as a sort of indistinct background, a cloud of stnoko ftucl flame. Griff wasn't dreaming. He was painfully aware of nil the hot grass on the road, and he would have liked to make a fuss. Hut his rider had no time for that sort of nonsense, and almost before they know where they were, they were right in the heart of the fire. The crackle of the flames, the crash of falling trees, a cloud of smoke were all around them, deafening, blinding and choking. Suddenly there was a loud crack and a shock that shook the earth. Find looked back, a huge rata had fallen across, the road behind him and retreat was effectually cutoff. Then ma minute came a sudden opening, the trees on one side had been partially cleared away, and hero was the school house, all aflame, an ignominious littlo Ekoloton standing out from the beautiful blazing trees whose gmndeur there was no one to admire. It was no use to stop here. If the teacher were any- " where near, heaven help her, if not— the moro need for haste, and Griff tore on at a madder gallop than ever ; while his rider tried to pierce tho blinding smoke that hid the road from view. The flames were for tho moment out-distanced, but the smoke still rolled in great clouds on before. Griff mint slacken pace, or the littlo school teacher might be reached and passod any minute. Tho smoke lifted for au lmtant. There was a bark, a shriek that rose above tho roar of the fife. Fred reined up, "Is anyone there?" ho called, and feared that his voice was drowned unheard. Then a ruBh, and a little figure, with flying hair, ran to the horse's ; gidc. Tho cloud fell again, but the man had hold of . two little wrists, and he stooped and swung the girl into the b&ddlc before lriin, and Bet off at a furious gallop. The school mistress was alone no longer. It was still a mile and a half to the river. Would they get there in . time ? Griff was doing his best, but the fire wub gaining and the heat growing unbearable. Now a shower of sparks would fly over the riders' heads, now a piece of flaming bark would fall at tha horse s feet, and urge him to a greater speed. The little school mistress felt too madly excited to be afx&id. The man was cooler and almost hopeless ; he realised -the danger, better. But now there was a Budden descent— a jerk, a splash and Griff had reached the river. "And none teo soon,1 Orfcon told himself, "we should not have won a longer race." The river was shallow and fairly wide. Griff made no ado about crossing, and at last they were on tho other side. Safe ! The smoke fol lowed them, the firo roared after them, the sparks chased tbcm, and, falling short of their aim, fell on tlio undergrowth instead. "We are safe now! "Orton shouted to bis companion, and he turned his head to glanee back, as the Bmoke rose to gather strength for another swoop.. But even as lie turned a flying piece of burning bark fell on the rood beside - him, and he saw tho flicker of light in the bracken. "Come on, Griff," ho cried, "wo're not out of it yet" ; and Griff, mad with anxiety to get clear away from the furies, tore on at his old speed. They reached Holland's farm. ; The littlo school mistress glanced anxiously towards it ; two little children/ pupils of hers, lived there; but now the place was deserted, and already sparks were flying over it. There was no safety near this clearing. The wiud had risen until now it blew in gusts with the force of a hurri cane, and ever the wind, whioh the firs itself caused, drove the flames forward furiously, and sent on an advance force of sparks and brands to hasten the destruction of. the forest. There was bomc turn dubu near cue nouse, caen auou three miles of thicker, and the question to be answered by experiment was— whether the fire or the fugitives would cover the ground first. The little school mistress's excitement had died when the river was reached ; now her head was quite clear, and through it there. r&n. words she had once heard in description of a bush fire. " And tho fire was so quick that they said even a man on horseback couldn't escape from it." And here were two people riding tlic one horse. The smoke had thickened again, tho roar of the flames seemed nearer. Griff galloped on. The sparks had reached them once more, and the crackle of the fire could be distinguished through the roar, the flameB were dlmoBt around them. Tho little school mistress thought for a miuute. She was riding astride. She- slipped one foot over the other side, she gave a little lurch and thought oho had jumped . off, but an arm waa thrown tight round her and she was held firm. "Little idiot," thought Orton, "I believeehe hasloBt her head. .She was nearlv off that time." : "I can t do it now," she thought; and though she had heroically determined to jump off and . lighten the load, she was glad, in her: heart of hearts, that thiB sacrifice had been pre vented. " If we die now, we'll die together," she told herself. Now tho heat was unbearable again, the flames seemed all around, they were distancing the fugitives, one large rotten tree snapped before the wind, leaned over towards the riders . and fell just behind them. " Good heavens, what an cseape," Orton said to himself, then half smiled as he remembered that death in a worse form was almost inevit able. Griff had uo such reflections. He bad had a great shock; he must make a violent effort, and he made it. One moment crash, crackle, flameB and heat all round ; the next . ontythe smoke and the roar left, as tho bush . came to an end suddenly ; and Griff flew out of . - the perilous forest into tho unromantic, but - safe,- monotony of a road bordered on either Bide by fields of potatoes. < When tho mad career was over, and they f : were beyond even the smoke, Griff stopped r short/and Fred at once sprang off. J: "I think we'd batter give. him a bit of a . .. rest," he said. " Do you mind getting off ? " " Not at all," bIio said, screwing her head - round to take a quick look at him. But Fred was gazing along the road to select the best resting place, and did not meet her glance. The, little school mistress smiled to herself. "I dsn't believe he knows me from Adam," she thought, "and I knew him at once, even through tho smoke. I wonder if ray face is as black aa hi. If so, I must be a nigger." Poor Griff's wasn't a lioroic figure. All the hair was burnt off his tail and half his mane was gone. He held bis head down dejectedly and drew long, sobbing breaths. The girl couldn't bear it. " I'll get off by myself." She sprnug to the ground, stumbled, and would havo fallen, but the man turning just at that moment caught her in his arms. "I believe she has fainted," be thought, . " and no wonder." He turned her 00 that the . moonlight fell on her grimy little face and' closed eyelids, ho looked at her curiously, then looked again. - ' "Betty," ho cried, incredulously; "is; It really Betty, my loro ? ' Jo looked indignant, and tho half fainting Betty, roused by tho cry, wisely kept her oyoa shut. "Betty," ho cried again, "open your eyes, my darling," still she did not movo. "I must fotcli some water for her," lie soid aloud, and moved ns if to lay hor down 011 -tho grass. But not so.Bettv. She clung to him tightly, she burst into a passion of weeping. "No, indeed,, sho Bobbed, "you must never, never, leave me again, Fred." The firo roared threats after the fugitives, it ki3Hcd and roared aud crackled in its disappoint ment, but these, two knew nothing of it, and there was perfect, blissful silence in their hcaveu, for a space of time. Tius Em