.THE STORY-TELLER. HOW THE CURSE CAME* À Story in twjj parts, by Mostyn ß. PART THE SECOND. Y. (Continued.) . J "Which way shall we go?" Charley Mason was the speaker, as they, all but Hector and Irene, rode out throngh the great iron gates on to the high road lying broad and white before them. " Where are Hector and Irene ?" said, Alice, " why there is Irene coming alone," she went on as Irene's white pony came into sight ronnd a cnrve in the drive. "Where's Hector?" cried Mrs! Dana, not waiting for Irene to reach .them. " His father called him back," she re- plied. " Father did ?" said Alice in a surprised voice, "I wonder what for !" "I cau't tell you, dear," said Irene, "here he comes, she added, as Nell's footfalls were heard approaching. ", AU waiting for me," said Hector as he rode np. " Yes, which way are we to go ?" " Oh, I don't mind, suppose we go np the hill and then home past the township. " Very well," and breaking into a quick canter they soon reached the curving brow of the hill over which the road ran. After a mile or so of this pace they all slackened - their speed and walked their horses np a steep rocky little hill, falling as they did so into pairs for the way was narrow. "I do so dislike moonlight nights in the bush," observed Mrs. Dana to Mcpher- son who was nearest to her ; " hark at that, what a melancholy sound !" as some night birds in the scrub-like thicket on their right hand sent forth a piercing unearthly cry which was presently answered from the far distance oy its mate. " I thought ladies always admired the moon,*' replied the yonng man sententi* ously, "so romantic you know, and all that sort of thing." " Oh ! I'm too old to be romantic " laughed little Mrs. Dana, " but moonlight always did have a strage effect on me even when I was a girl, and now, here in the bush with tho wind coming through the trees it makes me almost shudder." Who's shuddering, and what at ?" said Hector from behind. " The moonlight gives me the shivers, Hector," Mrs. Dana said turning to look at him, " it is so ghostly amongst these ugly rushes and pale looking bushes." "They do give a woired look to the country," observed Alice who was riding now beside her brother, Irene having been appropriated by Charley Mason, and as they spoke her merry laugh came to them, as she rallied him on his evident adiuira tion for the fair authoress in embryo, "Life in Australia," accompanied by Dana's deeper tones. " Do you believe in ghosts, Mrs. Dana ? asked Macpherson looking across at his companion, whose face was on a level with his own, for she rode one of Alice's tall saddle horses, while McPherson's mount was a small nag used generally by the mail-boy who fetched and carried the station letters. "" No ghosts in Australia," put in Hec- tor with a laugh ; " the country's not ancient enough for anything so respect- able and distinguished as ghosts or banshees." i " But Lily believes iu them, neverthe- less," said Alice mischievously. Mrs. Dana laughed a little nervously at this charge, but said nothing, and Hector continued " It's a matter of nerves, of course, but I did not know the supernatural had any horrors for you, Lily, what does Dana say to that P" " I don't think he knows," she replied with what appeared to her friends to be -forced gaiety, "he would only laugh at me if he did, I don't think I ever really believe in ghostly visitations except on a night like this." _ . " A glorious night," said Hector, " and what a breeze !" and he lifted his cap and rode bareheaded as the cool wind came soughing softly throngh the now distant trees strong with the scent of forest's perfnmes. _"It used to be said that a part of this country is haunted," said McPherson ? ?breaking the silence that had fallen on the four, broken now and then by the voices of those further behind. ' " Oh !" said Hector, " let's hear what form' the apparition took, Mac.," but "before the young man could answer the three riders from the rear dashed up and Sassed them, Irene calling out as she ew past " We'll race you, come along," and, as a matter of course, the others followed and the melancholy waste of "bine-bush and rushes was soon left behind. ; " What a splendid run !" said Alice as they all drow rein at the foot of a long steep hill where the rabbits ran saucily in - and' out of the rocks, looked upon with great suspicion by some of the horses." n Nell, Hector's horse, especially was in- clined to resent the presence of a large buck that sat up solemnly on a bare grey rock and surveyed his visitors with curious and prominent eyes. " Now then, Nell!" cried her master, " what's up with you P you foolish creature !" as Nell plunged,1 and snorted furiously "you ought to know a bunny when yon see one !" But no amount of coaxing would reconcile Nell to the white buck who, un- disturbed by the commotion, remained nnmovable on his throne until Dana, who had dismounted to light his pipe under a sheltering gumtree, picking np a piece of stono aimed it with such force at the offending bunny that it disappeared most precipitately from his coign of vantage. -. "I believe you've killed the poor thing!" cried Irene reproachfully as Dana clam- bered over the stones in search of his game. .'* Good job too !" said Hector, " rabbits are not very scarce here, good shot old man," he added as Dana reaching behiud the high rock re-appeared with the de- funct rabbit iu his hand. ** Yes, by Jove," said McPherson turn- ing over the dead body with his toe as Dana threw it down, '*' he'll scare no more steeds." "It's getting late, I think," drawled Mason. "Interesting sight, very, but nearly supper time, this cold wind sharpens the appetite, but, of course, don't hurry on ray account." '. To horse, to horse, gentleman," cried Hector; "Mason is right,' it's getting lajbet.s.o wa must away." [.Specially written for the West Austra- lian. All rights reserved.] "Will you tell na about the ghost as we walk up this hill, Mr. McPherson," said Alice. " With pleasure, Miss Alice, if every- one's agreeable," he added glancing at Mrs. Dana. " What is it," said Mrs. Dana, " A ghost story." "Humph, let's hear it young man," was Dana s rather contemp- lions 'reply " My governor used to live overseer on a station about ten miles from here when he was a yonng man," said McPherson plunging at once into his work, " and on the road close to the townships where a man was. murdered in the very earliest days of the colony, it was said that the ghost walked on certain nights every year. My father never saw it,"-"of course not," said Harry in parenthesis ; "but," continued young McPherson, " one night he was riding home after help- ing to put out a fire, it was near mid- night, he had left the township behind and was going to take a short cut he had been told of by one of tho fellows he had been helping, it was a moonlit night, but hazy because of the smoke from bush fires." "Where does the ghost come inP" asked Dana with an unbelieving laugh from behind. "Now don't interrnpt," cried Irene, " I can feel it approaching." " Tou can ?" said Hector ; " where ?" " Why np my back of course, a creepy sensation ; " and she gave a little shrug to her shoulders as if to shake off a too vivid sensation of ghostliness. "I can't see anything," said Charley Mason, who rode on Irene's other side. " O.i of course not ! be quiet, I want to hear the rest." "Yes," said Alice's voice from the front, " go on Mr. McPherson, let's hear it, we shall soon be up the hill," for tbey had neared the summit, and already away to the left could be seen a few straggling lights from the windows of Acton, the moon mounting high in the heavens, now cloudless, was pouring a flood of silvery brilliance on the unshaded road, and Mc- pherson resumed his tale-"Well the Governor rode along rather slowly for he was not sure of the way and it was jolly strong, and. it was fortunate he did go steadily for all at once a fearful cry came through the bush, it was enough to curdle your very blood, he said, and his horse was in an awful funk, he reared, and plunged,-» " Steady old lady !" cried Hector, as his horse snorted violently at a small rabbit that scooted along the roadside, " yen are a silly old thing !" "Ho roared and pluuged," continued McPherson, and my dad, taken unawares, was almost thrown,-for a minute or two his horse would not stir a step, and kept looking round into the dim bush on each side, when the cry came again and it was more horrible than beforo, in a j iff ey his horse was off, snorting with terror, and tearing along at a terrific pace Along the bush track, my father had to give him his head and lie low on his back to avoid the trees, for the poor brute was past control and went like mad through everything, Father supposes he raised his head for a moment to see which way they were going, for he recollected no more for a week when he found himself in bed with his head bandaged np and a narrow squeak he had had of it--Some sawyers going to work had found him lying sense- less uuder a tree in the morning, his horse standing near. He found out after- wards that a second murder had been committed near there just before he carne, he always thought the cries were human, and there was some talk of a madwoman who had belonged to one of the men con- nected with the murder wandering about there, but he never heard the exact truth of it ; anyway the horse that he sold i ooa after could never be induced to go that way at night again, the fellow who bought it wrote and told the governor and wanted his money back, for he lived somewhere about here !" j.. As Mcpherson finished the long hilltop was reached and without comment upon the tale the party set off once more at a sharp pace, not, drawing rein until the township was approached. " We must waste no more time in tell* ing ghosts stories," remarked Alice as they walked their horses for á breathing spell down the one long street of the town. Here and there a light shone, bat for the most part the houses were dark and quiet until they reached the public, house that commanded this end of the place. That was brilliant with lamps shining through its red curtains, and outside sat a group of men smoking and enjoying the coolness of the night. "Yes," said Hector as the inn was passed "it will be late when we get home at this pace, and besides " he added, sud- denly remembering his fathea's anxious manner, and his earnest warning, "Father will feel anxious about us I expect." "Do you'think he'will, Hector ?" asked Alice with some surprise in her voice. " Yes, dear, I think he will "-replied her brother in a dreaming tone that was so utterly nnusual to him that Alice and Irene both looked at him with no. little astonishment. _ "Now then," cried Mcpherson as they reached a small wooden bridge, common enough near every Victorian town ; which' crossed a deep culvert, "Come on, who's for a race ?" and inspired by his shout the horses set off at a good spinning canter down the slight incline. But at this moment Hector's horse, uneasy all the evening, gave signs of nervousness again, curvetting and prancing across the road instead of following her companions, and Dana seeing, this pulled up and waited for her coming to reason, which she did after a slight application of her rider's whip, but by this time the others were out of sight, and the two men can- tered along in the moonlight to overtake thom, side by side. , "Strange, Harry," said Hector, after they had gone a few minutes silently. "I can understand yon---" here he stopped. "My what?" replied Dana. " I was going to say," continued Hector, "that I can.understand to-night what a depressing influence moonlight has upon some people, I have felt ever since we came out as if there was something un- canny in the atmosphere, of course it's all nonsense I know," he added with a slight laugh. " Indigestion," said his companion cnrtly, au eminently practical man, with wide experience by flood and field, he had no sympathy with what he termed " fads." and he felt unusually surprised at Hector's remark. By this time the other riders were in sight seen dimly moving amongst the trees, and Dana, suggesting a quickened speed that they might join them was arrested by a cry--unearthly and terr- ible, blood-curdling, as McPherson had described that his father heard, it clove the clear night silence with a dreadful distinctness. "What'sthat?" said Dana turning to Hector and noting even then in the pure light how pallid the young man's face looked. Surely, the thought flashed across his mind to be instantly dismissed, he is not afraid. No, with only the pause of a second or two, at the repetition of the horrible cry, Hector turned bis horse's head towards the scrubby rocky ground on their left from whence the sounds seemed to issue. Not exchanging a word the two men pressed on, Nell, though evidently terrified, holding her own bravely through the uneven ground at such a pace that Dana found it impos- sible to keep np. On, on went Nell her rider peering, from side to side for the cause of the cry, bat managing his horse with difficulty for she was trembling with excitement. Just now the ground breaks, and in the moon- light rises a grey bare granite rock cleft in two, through which runs a narrow path. Down the slope it wends its way and Harold's quick eye sees a form bend- ing to the ground in the middle of the path. With a supreme effort he turns; Nell's head towards it, forgotten is his fathor's anxious warning, a fate relentless, surely urges him on, and the frightened horse, her bit flecked with foam, her glossy side's quivering with terror, dash down the narrow way. As she noars the stooping grovelling figure it rises, aud with another awful cry that reaches the ears of the awestruck listeners now hurrying to the spot, the .creature scrambles away. There is a sound of horses' hoofs trampl- ing with uncertainty in the narrow path, an exclamation, a heavy thud, a deep groan,-and on the spot where, twenty years before, Luke Bowan struck tho fatal blow that stretched his hapless victim dead, there lies the crushed body of his only and beloved son ! (To be continued.)