MSS km SKETCHES. PHILIBERTA. A'N AUSTRALIAN STORY. By TiionrE'TALiiot. Ohapier III. — Time, the Great Hiuleh. John Campbell affected to bo hard-hearted. " It wobb an ungrateful littlo baggage," he 'Aid, gating loftily down upon hia red-oyod wife whero alio sat rooking tho child on hor knocs. "It isa not worth the crying ofcr, whateffer ; an uHthankfullittlo baggage 1" "An' what has it to bo thankful for at all— with its mother taken' from it, and itself amour strangers?" flashed out tho little woman. "An" whero would ita poorboart go— arid ita foet after- wards— but to ita mother, tho only friend it's rer known, poor Iamb ?" John Cnirtpboll Bat down and foil to Btudying the am'oko that roso spirally from hia pipe. " I supposo," said ho presently, "I supposoit will po to-morrow that I had potter tako tho oach to Pallarat." "And'whatfor will you bo going to Ballarat, John dear?" " On ! to aoe apotrt getting the- wean into the orphan place only." "Holy Virgin! John, it is not 111 earnest you are, snrely?" "And 'why not, Rosamond? why not, what- effor ?" Ilut thero was a wickod twinklo in his oyea all tho timo, only his wifo did not see it until she had come quite closo to him in her anxiety and distress. 'Then she fell on hia-nock and laughed and cried in a bro,vtb. - Ah, darlin , to toaso mo so 1 Anf mo always prayitt' for a baby." " But I thought' it wos3 one of your own you wass 'praying for, BoBamond O'Brion,- said John Campbell, with au air of serious aurpriso. "And x boy, mirofer, or a bhoy, as you call it in your treadfal English. Wass it not a boy you wass p.artienMr for Uafitig, 'Rosamond O'Brien ?" "Bo done wldyeri" laughed Rosamond, wipihgher byca. "It's a Bin to bo joking, anj the poor soul'scaroo cold in her bod boyant there. An' faiiiiv' a bhoy, faith, one may thank the blessed hcarcsiiB for a girl ; and fallin" a girl of me own, I may bo - well glad to' got somebody also'a" "But perhaps it wass: not too latd for one of' your own yet, RosamondO'Brieu," Said her hus- br.v.lj'with'nn expression of affronted dignity. Tho smart answer ho might havo roceivcd sumo to nothing, for Philibortv waxed restless, ' aridiMrk.idampbsll could atlond to nothing olso. Heforo'thbrniag tho child was in a high fever, and th'e;£dlid>oraan nigli distracted with fear of losing her. But tho malady was not dangerous nor of long eontinnanco. In a weok Philiberta : was convalescent ; wook-and worn, butsafo; and thbys'iBt 'of her agony of horcavemont mercifully1 tidod ovor. It is well that' the' heirts of eblldren! are 'Bo olaalio, that their wounds nro so oaaily' healed. The little Phil, as John Campboll soon! called'hof; inltoing one parent'hadifoundtwo ;! and the Change was healthy and boneflclal ini bVefjr'wiiy.. But if ' there bo- a "world 'for tho! souls that loaTe this, and tho dwellers therein1 ho permitted to look hadk, how was it, I wonder with that mothcr-sonl that, turning loving eyes earthward, saw the old love give place so soon to- the now? Glad, of course, she must havo been, sinco it is tho nature of mothor-sonls to ofrftce thomselres, and rejoice in the efface- mont, if thus come joy and pleasure tothoso who aro dourest. But it would seem somewhat bitter and hard if we woro not so well used to the in- equality of arrangement and unfairness of dis pensation in tho great system that is said to be workod by Love. Rosamond Campbell was satisiied. To her -thero was in this wondrous event of her life indisputable cvidonce of 'the working of a higher poH'dr for hor individual happiness, fler circle was completed ; tho void in hor heart was filled. Her hands' and thoughts were given nbw occupation, new inspiration ; hor world was ntnde. To a naluro as full of maternal instinct as hers, a child was a necossity. She had room ahd lovo enough in hor heart for a dozen ; but in caso of a dozen her affection would hare ex-; Winded into a wide comprehensive shower, like staler rained from tho rose of a watering-pot, tlodowirig many blossoms. Now it must all fall in one condensed stream, as when the rose of tho ifatering-pot is removed. | 60 tho little Phil came in for a concentrated outpouring of lovo that, economically dispensed, rt'onld havo sorvod to gladden a well-filled orphan risyhim ; and tho child throve apace in this wholosome atmosphere. The bugbear of Mia. (faraipboU's lifo after this was that 0110 day hor treasure would bo claimed from hor. There had boon nothing to provo among tho dead mother's few possessions that tho father was alive ; yet neither was thero anything to indicate that he Was dead. There was a marriage certificate, tes tifying to tho legal union of one Philip Tempest hath one Miriam Ycwdall ; and a registration paper of tho birth of Philiberta, their child, dated Bomo ten months later : and that was all. The littlo ono herself know nothing of her Lather, and there were no lottors, no portraits, no souve- hirs — nothing that could be used to trace nnd diBOover cither friends or enemies. Yet Mrs. Campboll lived for a iong time in constant dread bf Philiberta's father. " One of thoso days he'll come and claim her, John Campbell ; eee if ho doesn't now." . And John Campboll would answer that " there Wass no such luck. There wass no doubt what- offcr that the poor man would po glad to pe rid of the little baggage." And yet it hud already become the chief ploa- 'suro of John Campbell's life to spoil and dance attendance upon, and bo tyrannised over by that " littlo baggage to oxorciso all his ingenuity in contriving things that might afford her an hour's interest or pleasure.' I'resently, as Merlyn Creek progressed and grew respectable, thero came a schoolmistress thither, and Philiberta was made to profit thereby. Sbo learned to read and write, to do 'earns and samplers -during school hoars ; in the intorvnls outeido bIic had her combative in- 'stincte healthily dovclopod. She took to reading na a duck takes to water, and to fighting quite as naturally. It is doubtful if sho derived most ' pleasure from perusing the accounts of Dr. ; Livingstone's adventures in Africa, or from hang- i ing her schoolmates— when aggravated— with tho handles of her skipping-rope. But when the Robinson ohildron, her special antipathies, wore withdrawn in conscquonco of frequent "shin dies," then pc, ico and Livingstone reigned to- 1 gcthcr and supreme. At tho ago of twclvo tho girl's fixed ambition' was to bo a missionary's wife ; and she set about training herself in accordance. Shostudied bread- making ,- sho coaxed an old woman wlro livod near to teach her tho manufacture of candles. Sbo tried to loam neodlowork, bnt her restless active nature rebelled against tho necessary monotony of application ; and so she never ad vanced beyond horring-boning and feathcr-stitcb, which Bhe practised industriously in colored wools on tho border of an old htbra's dirty blanket, thereby increasing that gentle savage's natural vanity inimitably. Then sho tried her hand, or rather her tonguo, at preaching to theso hb- nighted sons and daughters of young Australia ; but found that rum and tobacco were foes too powerfully influential to admit of a chanco for religion, so despairingly gave them up to their lies and tboir drnnkonncss and aii the other vices essential to thoir happiness. Sho got on much bottoriin tho Chinese camp up tho creek. The aminblo heathens there would listen to hor by tho hour while she dilated at length upon tho blessings of Christianity, and explained tho dead certainty of hell-fire for all who how dswn and worship graven images. " Welly good," and "All litoo," they wouldob- scrve, with charming applause and encourage ment, at every pauso in the exhortation. They did not understand a word of it ; and at the con clusion of tho amateur services would eiclrange notes with tho prcaohor upon culinary matters, and from them Philiborta learned the proper way io boil rice. 8he and tho almond-oycd brcthrcu became yet faster friends nnd allies after a littlo affair here now to bo narrated. Certain ill-conditioucd boys had for somo time been robbing the China man's sluiea-boxes, breaking windows, damaging proporty, and in all possiklo ways harassing and tormenting tho uufortuuate foreigners. Until at last tho Iong suffering men rebelled and gave chase ono day to tho offendors, even unto the parental doors. And then one of the parents, a natural bruto and bully, camo out and punched two Chiuoso heads. There is not tho slightest doubt that he would have gono tlioontiro Celestial round but for tho snddon intervention of our horoine, who, witnessing tho commencement from afar off, now rushed in upon the Kuropean tooth and null, liko a young infuriated tigress. He desisted at onco in shoor astonishment, and tiron my lady locturod him, fluently, eloquently, and atlongth. Finally, sho led off her battered Chinamon, wosbod and- dressod tbeir wouads, Bmotbcd thoir dishovollcd ' pigtails and criod. There was agrest fuss about the affair ; and tiro-wife of tho bully aforesaid took it upon ker- solf to call upon Mrs. Campbell nnd inform that lady that Bho ought to bo ashamed of herself to allow an innocent girl — that is if- she was inno cent—to go miring in with thoso filthy murder-! ing heathens for hours at a time. Evory ono know' what it must oomo to,— if indeed it hadn t oomo to that ai-eady. It was only the other day a Chinaman had been hanged for tho outrago and murder of a little girl that he had coixod away from homo with sweets and things. (This was quite trtio— tlic hanging I moan — only it was diacovored soon aftor that tho Chinese was not the man at all. It was an Eng lish swagman to whom the child had fallen a victim. Yet a trilling miscarriage of justice liko that really cannot matter, you know,- when tho sufferer is only a barbarian. Readers of James Faya's moat interesting novo! " By Proxy'-' will, however, sec that the barbarian gots level with us now and thon.) The meddlesome neighbor, yon may ho sure, gained littlo satisfaction from hor interview with Mrs. Campbell ; yot she loft t hat lady much per turbed and sick at heart with thc auggestod idea that she had failod in hor duty to Philiberta, Sbo had given the chihl too much- of her own way; had not watched ar.d curbed hor properly ; this communinn with tho Chinamon must bo stopped at once.' Too late. Philiborta had a will of her own, and had boon sadly encouraged in its oxcrciso by both her adoptive parents. And she posscsaod a gift of logical argument that carried all before it whon her mind was set on a thing ; so now sho stattchly stuck to hor yel- low-Bkinnod frionds and argued Mrs. Campbell off her feet— metaphorically spoaking of course. And after all Mrs. Campboll could not but feci ashnmcd of any suspicion that crept into lier mind agAlnst tho Chinamen when she witneesod their uttor adoration of Philiborta. On the day after the memorable fight they camo in a body to Joha Campboll in his house, and caeh man of them oxtended a long loan yel low pan with a waah leather bag of sorao weight to him. "And what is this,. John ?" said he, making of the customary proper name a noun collective, bo to speak, as ho lookod round upon' eight saffron faces inquiringly. Eight individual mouths widonod out into a straight bland smile, and eight voices said softly at once, " For Iiltleo misaec. Alt like." Tbe wash ioathor bags were' full of alluvial gold. Of coarse John Campbell would not accept them, and the disappointed Mongolians dopartcd in sadness and perplexity. Next day ono of them started afoot for Ballarat, arid heaven knows where beside ; and in ten days returned, trotting along gaily under a bamboo stick and paniers. That evening there was another reputation at John Campbell's house, and there was no possi bility of refusing tho offerings on this occasion. A carved ivory toy-Bhip, uitlo ditto toy-houso ; ditto, ditto card coses, cabiriots, baskets and fans ; chop-sticks ; opium pipes, paper lanterns and kites ; tiny idols and nodding mandarines ; catered candles that smelt fearfully, and were about as big as ovorgtown bodkins ; several grass of Chinese crackers ; and last, but not least, two Chinese pills, larger than walnuts, and made np with a coating of white wax a quar ter of an inch thick, on which were inscribed gilt hieroglyphics of the type familiar to us through tea chests. Mrs. Campbell cried, and Baid she never saw such a thing in hor life. Philiborta uttered vo luble acknowledgments in bad Chinese (she had been picking up tho language during her ac quaintance), and her friends responded in their best pigeon-Rnglish— they too had been acquiring a language. John Campboll brought his best whisky, of which tho visitors partook for civility's sake, though it made them all very sick afterwards ; and thou they departed again— this time elated and happy. It was not till long afterwards, when the Camp bells had been some time located upon thoir sta tion at Emu Creek, and the Chinamen wore dispersed goodness knows whithor, that Rosamond ono day, in dusting a small carved cabinet, pulled it somehow abroad and found within it those identical eight wash-leather bags full to the top of gold. There was nothing to bo done then bat put it in tho bank in Philiberta's name ; and that is what John Campboll did. But, returning : tho crackers were let off by tho small fry of tho township ; the other gifts wore arranged in ornamentation of tho small family mansion ; and the friendship with the Chinamon sustained. Tnoy never obtradod themselves — theso mon ; yet if Mrs. Campboll had a headache ono of them was promptly on hand with a small quaint phial of Borne subtle essence that, applied to tho placo, caused tho pains to vanish as if magically. And when John Campbell had that terrible bad hand — blood poisoned by tho bito of some venomous insoot— ho would almost certainly havo lost his arm or his lifo but for that mar vellous lotion brought to him by Kum Fo. The pills introduced for ordinary internal ailments, of course, no ono conld take, at least all in one dose ; and it required more courago than any member of tho house of Campboll possessed to attempt to tako them by instalments. The missionary mania grow upon Philiberta. How sho hated to think that sho was only a girl Had sho been a boy her wayjwas Clear to the very pinnaclo of hor desire. A's'it Was cho must bo debarred from the delights of battling with -rihl beasts in wild jungles ; from riding a bullock, A la Livingstone, through nearly impenetrable forests, across almost impassable rivers. She must evea content herself with being no higher than a missionary's first lioutennnt, a missionary's wifo ; and mcantimo where was tiro missionary? Philiborta was fifteen now, with no more idea of love and marriage, in thoir reality, than a child of fivo ; but a huBband was to hor tlron as a means to an end, and sho mado up hor mind that she must find him soon. Tho noarcBt approach to tho required article that ever camo in her way was a revivalist preacher aud temperance lecturer ; a noblo fol ios-, whoso advent in any sottlemont was over tho beginning of good ; whose (namo is writtou in bright lotters 011. hundreds of men's and women's hearts in Australia. But ho was already mar ried ; and even if ho had- not been, was not likbly to dream of wedding this child, who had not more than half his yoars, and was as fickle in hor fanaticisms, her-pursuita — in'oll,s.avo her attach- jnonta— as she was- zealous in thorn whilo thoy lasted. But ho took kindly notico of her ; lot his . shining great eyes rest often and pleasantly upon ' her ; spoke to her oncouragingly; discovered her present craze, and relieved it by starting hor with' a Hunday school class. This sho, being ultra-: fastidious in somo things, abandoned after thrco.' months' because of the dirty nosoB nnd bad-smells. - The groat man went on his way shutting np tho- puolichouses in every township I10 entorcd, doing much good through judicious workings upon tho : emotions of humanity ; which good, if evanoscent as far as actual religion and total abstinonco'wont; yot lasted long enough to show many a wise man that he had bocn a fool, and to help hiin back, into the paths of temperance and common sense. In tho religions circlo this'proacher-ostablishod:: at Merlyn Crook the enthusiasm coniinuod for a considerable timo after he wasdepartod. But it was a thunderous and brimstony enthusiasm,'. The pren'chor's teachings had been ail of lovo ; I'ivine, omnipotent, oraniprcsont lovo ; the lovo whereof it is written that " Greater lovo'hath.no . man than this, that a man lays down-his life for his friends." But the tenets of tho- preaohor's : followors wore that " tho Lord our- God is a joalons God, Visiting tho sins of tho fathers upon thoir cbiidron j"and again that " many arc called but few are chosen," anil that in every way God is a being to be feared. And into this fold Phiii- borla entered,' ardent, enthusiastic, passionate, anil desiring only martyrdom that sho might re- veal hor zeal and the might of her faith. Fasting, praying, and in all possible ways crucifying the- flesh ; wearing ner heart out with the perplexities and contradictions of tho many theological books sho got hold of ; fretting herself into a morbid cortainty that of the fow that were chosen she could not bo one, and into a condition of health that nigh drovo her adoptive parents wild ; until at last John Campbell slackened tho tension sud denly and wisely by change of scono. Ho resigned his sergeantship, which, for the matter of that, never suited his peculiar tem perament ; sold out of all his mining specula tions profitably ; bought a station in the Emu Crook district, and removed thereto with all his belongings. Tho effect was wonderful and splen did. Philiberta took to botany and geology, nnd' hor father had a dray-load of books on both sub jects sent up all tho way from Melbourne. And in a few months " atonement," " faith and works," "eternal condemnation," "the worm thatdioth not," and all the other technicalities of religionists, fadod completely out of the girl's mind. Before she was a year older Philiberta had become a sort of hybrid evolutionist. Chapter IV. — Joir.v Cajipbril's Stitiox. Tho station at Emu Creek prospered oxcocd- ingly. Partly bocause John Campboll was a thrifty man, and ono whoso foresight and judg- racnt in all matters pertaining to stock were little short of genius ; partly because he had ex ceptional luck. Someone will argue that thero is no such thing as luck, that " 'Tis in onrselTos that we aro thus and thus," and so on. Butfaow- then account for tho way in which some good mon fail while others succeed ? Two men, equal as toj faculties and facilities, start in lifo under equal conditions. The one finds hia stock increase and multiply almost be yond computation. His harvests are always a success ; rain falls just when needed, and holds off just whon wet would spoil everything. His fruit treoa nover know blight ; wool is always -at the highest just when he has tho most to sell. His cattle always ran to fat and fetch ton shil lings or a pound a head more than any othors in the markots. The othor— woll, an untimely rain Bpoils his first crops, and for thrco years running the rust gets at his wheat ; wool falls threepence a pound tho very day before bis (gets into market. Fluke and scab deatroy half his sheep before ho can help himself. One of (his best draught horses drops dead in harness without warning ; and another dislocates its shoulder through fright, and has to bo shot ; some strange disease nips off all his best poultry in one day. A bush fire devastates half his land, and he bos much ado to save tho homestoad. Crowning calamity — his youngest child dies of sunstroke, and the mpther goes domontcd with grief. Now what is all this but luck ? Tho will of Goil, somo theological philosophers may call it, talking by tho hour of tbe holiness of resignation, and quoting that happy martyr to boils and dirino favors— Job. And, all blind and ignorant as wo aro, and ever must bo, in regard to tbe mysterious workings of tho mighty system in and around us, we have nothing wo can safely cast at tho thoologiesl philosophers in the way of contra diction. Nor can wc help envying thorn thoir way of looking nt trouble, and their strength to bear it. AU tho samo, a fow of us would rather put down all this scorning injustico of dispensa tion to " luck" than attribute it to a Deity whom wo ore called upon to worship. But away with moralising when there is nothing to bo gainod by it. John Campbell's station prospered, and wo leave it ontircly to theologians to docido whether that was bocauHo ho.was a favored child of Provi dence or tho reverse. "The wickod shaU flourish as a green bay trco,"on one side ; on tho othor, "In his days shall the righteous flourish, and have peace and abundance as long as the moon endnretb." Controversy and discussion of those matters might bo carried on "as long as tho moon onduroth"— doubtlcBS will— and the debatora will bo as for off conclusion nt tho end na at tho beginning. Like tho denizens of one 'portion of Swodenborg's marvellously conceived spirit land, " thoy will walk and walk for ovor and over, bnt always bring their foot down in the same placo, till a hole is worn in tho ground deep Enough to bury thorn in." (The aboro may not bo an accurate quotation from Bwodenborg, but the same idea is convoyed.) John Campboll named his placo Morvon, in loving .compliment to the poaks that were- the most familiar and prominent objects -in his momory of his home. From the homestead could bo soon a forest-covered, many-tinted range of mountains as unlikothe majestic; mist-enveloped friends of his childhood -as could well he ; but hills are hills aU tho world over,' though tho generio term diffors of course according as languages differ, and any hills worthy the name oomohow suggestod tho hills of his boyhood to 1 our Highlander, and so he called this'rango,- audi hia homo lying by it, Morvon. The station had bad'anothername, dor bo it/known,- John. Camp-. . . boll', was 'not Alio irrstioo'tisx. . Ho-purchased Jrdm - another lucky individual who was soiling out itv: , orilcr.to revisit tbc»ld country, so John Campboll' had' none. o£- thoediGfioulties ofa pionooc.to con. . tend against. PoBt.andraU,.and'Jivo foncos were. all there, stock also, ami a homostcml .vcry.difiSr- rent from tho habitation of. the ncwcKottlbr'a " hark-hutand tin.pot'ora." Burnagolla-wrtB. 'tho 'original.. and -aboriginal titlo of'tho place-; and- 1'hitibertaalways rebelled".. . against. the substitute. U by, sho-would say, 1 ' can't people ucecptt- the native nam os instead' of. importing old common- . . place titles from-ohbcoiumonfilaso countries-?-.. In - a now land -why not- havo- everything- new? Tho.. aborigines! whou-tbey christen, a'plucs, doiaowith... . roforence-to some-diBtinguisliing feature; aniL'thc. namo ' thcretoro -in net- bo- tho- most- appropriate,- . . not to say -biro most euphonious, possiblo.'- But- whatever name it went by, the placs-way:. in a region of novor-failing intarost'and dolight . to Philiberta.- She learnt stoekriding-as oasilyas- she bad learned to-read,- and soon knowsa'amidt.. . about sheep and- cattle tha&Tohn.Catnpbelkased;... to say,- " He wass 'not- afraid now to-Ioaro-Ross.. . moiid O'llricn -U'widow. Phil would-. potable. to . 1. manage the station, and to make it pay. pettor. as. c . himself." But often and ofton..heisaid.to Rosnmond,.andi." Rosamond sard tohiui.i'tliat it was aahamo.onda' wrong to- lot thogirbgrow up ns-sho wan growing,) . wild- and untaught, save in what she taught her-i self. "Sho will po nothing 'more as a wild, girlull d the woods, " aaid ho, 'plaintively. "An' is it mo yo'ro after, blaming fonthat?" said she, aggressively. " Why don't you 'take,, her away to schoolv John Campboll ?" . " Beknss you wans not ablo to do without ibmy... . Rosamond -O'Brien; You wass toll ing. me -that ,, tho' ferry lost: time wo wass- speaking, about: it. whateffer." "Ale ! The like- 0' that' form big. story, mowii It was yourself said how long, tho days would bo-, to its-wonting her. Ana. yourself that druvma- out o' mo .miudi intirely wid' saying how theyij starve and illuso the girrls in: tho boarding, . schools." " She will -litif a plenty of money,", said. John .. Campbell, ignoring all- this from his wife, " and it Will pe no goot to- her, bokass- alio witbhef no . education. Wlmt'l.cfwetwo, John Campbell and Rosamond' O'Brion, to do with tho propor roaring: up. of a young girl tlx.it is growing to pe peautifirl and , .rich ? She will hof no more- mannors as a lubra, whatoffer. Sho will not speak tho good English ; thero will po in her speech a bit of Rosamond O'llrion's Irish and a bit of John Campbell's Highland Scotch ; and efei ybxly will po lafiin' at tho lass, though she will po u goot lass, anil handsomo, and rich." "Ah, and anybody that laughs at Philiberta will not get much the best of it, anyhow, darlin!. She's aiqual to anything and anybody, and wil have tho laugh ginerally on her own- side, more power to her, tho spalpeen ! But why d'ye lot her grow up wild this way, to be laughed at ? ' I f ' you had given mo my own way wid hor from tlie first as I wanted " " Now, Rosamond O'Brien," lie began, lifting ono hand doprccatorily; but before -he conld say another word his wifo bado him " Hush !" and looking from under tho vino that climbed abou the verandah, where he and Rosamond sat,- Re saw Philiborta coming towards them. A tall, straight, slondor girl, with great brow eyes as true and fearless as a child's or a dog and a face that would havo been more bcantifu if it had been less firm and powerful of oxpro sion. Yet it was a girlish face then, and pro- ' mising to bo in timo a very womanly face, but ' face that would— and did— dopond a groat (Tea upon happiness' for Us beauty. Just now it was beautiful, with the beauty of life and youth and '' strength and earnestness. She approached the - verandah rapidly, her riding skirt hold in ttao ' hand, her own particular stockwhip in the other; She scorned tho pretty, delicate, lady-like, silver- mounted thing John Campboll had been at much pains to procure for her. "Myhorso never needs the whip," she would say, as sho embraced tbo animal's arching' neck' lovingly, " and of what use would that -wisp -bf a thing ho among cattlo ?" She sprang lightly up the ono stop, and seated herself 011 John Campbell's knee. " There's anotlior tear in your petticoat, Phili. berta," Baid Mrs. Campboll, pointing in rebuke, at tho damage. "Yes, 'mother, I know." " It's ruined I shall bo wid you," frowning hard in order to suppress a smile, " but mond that holo you shall before you go to bed this night, nbw." " 0 mother, anything but tho needle ; you know I hato sowing. I wish I woro a hoy," " Y'ou wilt maype wear tho breeches quite Boon enough as it wass, Phi!," observed Mr. Camp bell, " that iss if you will follow tho oxamplo bf Rosamond O'Brien-there mirofer." " Airah, don't insult me," said RoBamoudi. " Afothcr, never mind tho holo In my-pelticoat.. Daddy listen, I've got something to tsll you j I've been playing tho ' spy,- accidentally atfirst, afterwards on purpose. Do'-you remember iwhat I said about those two now hands you' took on: thootherdny. Woll, I was right, >I s:vwi them washing tboirfeot in the creek, and rottnd.thmr ankles is tho lhsrk'of the prir oa:ironn." " Thatiss no way impossible," bai l John'Camp. bell carelessly. " An tho straps thoy wear on their'Wrists;" wbnt on Fhilabcrta. "Thoy aro to -bide "the marks bf handcuffs. I thought it was Odd. thby should both havo sprained wrists at the sitae time. They have been handcuffed togother theso two, Daddy, and' thoy have not boon- long, at liberty." "'Woll?" " Well, I' want you to send them- Away, I wanted you to refuso- thorn- employment, yoft ,. Enow, Daddy." , ... " Yes, dearie ; but it iss a little tough en thb - poortoffls.s'to turn them away and gif'theip no . , work bekass thsy wass in prison. They kef had hard times enough in tho prison withottt doubt. Wo mifcht'gif them one ohanco to pe honoat anita when they 'come bnt." "But, Daddy — " "And itiss not ' tho first timo' mirofer, 'Phil, that wo hot' had old hands on tho station for the shearing. Jimmy, tho overseer, is an old hand." " Yes, but Dadily, cannot you sco the differ ence ? And did Jimmy tho ovcrsocr over deny it oa those men did when you asked them ?" " A man iss not bound to tell ofcrybody about his littlo accidents," said John Campbell. " But these men aro bad, Daddy ; I know they ore had. Thoy jump as if thoy were shot if you como upon them suddenly ; thoy look back ovei theirshouldcrs ovcry now and then to sec if some one is pursuing thom ; thoy move stealthily, and never speak abovo a whisper. Daddy, there's a red' stain about tbem somewhere, mark my words Thcsoarc not the harmless old hands transported for horse-stealing, shop-lifting, and things of that kind, who rather like to toll what thoy did, how thoy did it, and how long tlicy have had to suffer for it. Liko Jimmy tho over seer, for instance. Thore is something red about these men, Daddy." Tho girl was an observer, you see. Away thece in the bush, where incidents were so few, andldaily life, you woffld imagine, so barren of aught worth studying. Never a day elapsed with out leaving its record upon her mind in some now item of knowledge. "Well, and what thon whateffer, my littlo lass ? The men will not do us any harm." " Evon if thoy do not, thoy aro bad men to hava about the place. Their influcnco over tho other men will he evil. They are liko poison- plants, oven things that merely sit in their shadow must Buffer." " Preaching again, little Phil?" " Because my daddy requires it. But you have not heard what I came homo in haste to toll you. Listen. I was up in that old shc-oak at tho bond of tho creok seeing how that young 'possnm family were progressing. And, by-tho- bye, tbo old 'possum is getting as tame as can be. Woll, Jimmy the half-ca3to and those two men csmc down to tho crock to smoke and bathe thoir foot. Thoy wore talking about the blacks, — you know how Jimmy hates his own kind — 'Baal mino givo them flour, mntton, baccy,' said he, ' Budgeroo whitefcllow, Missa Camp bell, but darn fool him too. Blackfcllow too much gammon him, then steal him flour, sheep — all.' Then the old hands told how at somo stations tho blacks were cured of stealing by having traps of poisoned flour laid for them. " Goot Kott, yes I" said John Campbell, "I wass hearing that too, ono day. As if all that tho wretched beggars could steal would hurt a man half so much as the weight of their murdor on his soul." " Well, Jimmy laughed and hopped about as he always does when hois pleased, and then they all walked off together talking, hut I could not hear any more. Now, will you send them away, Daddy ?" " I will look into it, Phil. I will look into it, dear. Not for the price of a thousand head of cattle would I hof the plood of one blackfcllow on my bead. But perhaps all this wass nothing. Tho men wass only talking nbont things that wass dono atothcr places, and the men iss wanted here ferry had just now, little Phi). And if wo wass to send these two away, we might not get two more in timo for tho shearing. Or if wo did get two thoy might pc as had or worse as this two wass mirofcr." " Impossible," said Pbilahcrta, shaking her head and kissing him on tho end of his sunburnt noso. " Impossible to get worse, you will see." Thon she quitted him, in obedience to a call from Rosamond, who had gono into tho house some minutes before, and presently tho voices of tho two could be hoard together in some merry Iri.-h ditty. How happy thoy were, the3o people ! Hav ing no euro for any world outsido their own small bash dominion, whore there wore always tho sight and soand of trees and running water, and bright bir's and gay insects. Living iu tho love of each other and of overy live thing that knew them. Having health, freedom, sun, rain and fresh air, " the free will of tho foct, and tho foel of the wind," and the changing gladness of swift passing seasons. To tho man and tho woman lifo was one long, peaceful joy ; to the girl one glad exuberant dream, from which, as yet, sho know naught-of tho possibility of waking. And that was well. Lifo is a pitiful thing if you have not some bright passage in it to remember and hark baak to from the heaviness of dark hours that aro in evitable.