' f . ' ; . . ; PH1LIBERTA. ' ; A AUffrs ALI AN ; STOliV. ' IJviTnqHrB TALBOI.' : ;OflATTBft;I. v: Tlje siin it bbdiJ-reJMami), swinging low from , a wit.OjJidtialty. ' ' Tlm tiiisiy earth, agape. in wide Craclts for rain whioh fell not. Tho (Jrnss, — ho longer graas. ibnf palcbrevra dusty floating - , nwiywith oi'ory hrcath' <Jf tho het, -hot windyto. join tho cloud of sWd travolliug constantly1 .southward. ,: Sotabro. pc'adont foliage, sighing and - moaning, . lirihg things gasping and. panting, all natiirO yiilting and witliorlng under- ilJp torturo of drongft.j 'FArth' iirtd' airmhfl .nky1 poryhded and dari(oiiil,l)yitlio scent nnd s'nfohb.of burning . buBb,, The crcekKa' more! pio«ahinny stream at. - its bo3t,'indwi-;re«»lTod into a1 few- muddy fast eraporaiing' 'pools' with leng dry spitcos bistweon. ; The borhtpji, Oniji baiijj 'ojtflatooj.jsidi'.uado'rin. \\-dayUpip!lnsil|e.t.tmpdh ip'awiAhqtiy.#it rerchlibgit&ilf in a fiory oirolo of ihiiisingi icrack- ling,- roiribg, dcbtrnctlon. FlattiM';BpriiiRlrigi. frofa;,<it-'lbo'; tree-toil, leaying'in tbol'r SHKe- chorpapimg',riiiaa of tmnfia'.that sti'otchiMl forth! nakody.- knotty, blockoniidii limbs . ns / in ngonisod pretest, - adriacihg irith rolontloss rapidity upon tho yot unscathed giants that quivered and vrrithod and shrivcllod in oxpoeta- t-ion of the droad approach. Lovely many-colored birds, dazed and gasping, hovering in thosnloky air a splice, then dropping with piteous litllo shrieks- into tho rod death below. Iiuttorflics and locusts, beetles and bugs of varieties- and- tints without. number, all fulling beforo that most remorseless and cruel of life's foes— fire. - i'iro- 1 Ihire and powerful and pitilcss-as Gal- vin's ideal deity, crueller ovoni than its Inotlicr and onomy— wator. For.-the sea kills its vic tims tomlorly, folding thorn to rest in clo30 sway- ing> onibrace, kissing thorn to peaeo with -keen cdld kisSes, lulling their brief agony with; tho musical-rhythm of many waters, restoring them- .perhnps-Tistiibaud. white and rigid,- .with tho seal, of eternity upon their faccs—tO; light,', and to. -them. wliO. wait and wateh-by tbo sboro. lint fife, deadly and insatiable, wraps -them, with torturing arms, licks them with shinipg,- blistering touguos, bites and stings-cvery inch: pffcilcr.skin-and, sensitive |flqsh .with, unutter- alylo lptin era yielding them ,up, to jdeatl), diB- iigmfts, and distorts : till ovon- thpyi vrho .h.qve loved best and longest aro glad to put .thOj hi<lqoi)3HCS3 out of sight. r , j\\1I .round .and about Aforlyn Oreck raged tho bush fire, so that communication between that anJ.otlier.townships was for tho prosent entirely, -cut oiT, ;and the: men- of , Jlorlyn Creek waited about anxiously, bearing sacks and big boughs of Arges which they bad soaked as well as possible iu. the List- diminishing , brackish fluid in tho i GootliLuck.Gpiupany's dam.. For they said that any inercaso of wind must inoritably bring, tho firo in upon them, and they know thoir only clianco of saying their homes, and perhaps thoir livqs, lay in .beating out the. flames as they ap proached. Snakes slid uuickly and in numbers into tho township, and wcro slain and loft writhing ,in their, dusty, tracks. Half adozen young kangaroos, . naturally, moro timid, than door, loppoif pantipg into tho very midst of tho human crqwd,- and submitted without resistance to cap ture for sako-of a drink of the all-too-scarco watqr. . Tho. sun. sepmed hardly to move, 60 slowly did he travol his day's journey, and the hazy atmosphere uuircrcd and throbbed with in tensity of heat. And amidst it all, 'ncatli tho calico roof of a oue-ropmed weatherboard- tenement, lay a woman, dying. No.nucstion.of the pprtont of . that ashon shadow creeping over tho pinched face, of . that far-scping look in.tfo glazing oyos that seoinod . already,, to ponetrnto and gazo beyond tho inysr tenon? .cuytain : tlint- divides tlio wvorul ot the dead l'roin the world of tiic living. , She hail dragged herself from off her narrow ,bcd and.laj-: beneath it, for sake of contact with .tho cool earthen floor, and sbolter from tho glar ing light and heat that poured . . mercilessly through tho canvas „roof. Close besido hor -. crouched, a child— I|cr child, as anyono might sco by lo.oking onoo npon the two.faces in close proximity there. Tho little ono's oyes were full of vnguc pain and dread ; her tiny fingers clutched and clasped with-nll their small might tho thin chili fingers of .the mother. Now and thon a faint suppressed mo:in from tho woman drew, forth a plaintive rpsponsivo wail from tho child. " My little girl !" " Mother ! 0, mother !" Thon.tha panting strugglo went wordlessly oil agaiilfor a whilo ; and the grey shadow deepened and tho dark eyes looked further away into tho Great , Beyond ; coming back over and anon to dwell a while with passionate sorrow and infinito , yearninn on the small inisorablo faco cioso by. "Berla." "Yes, .mother ; nro you thirsty again Tho woman nodded feebly, and tho child shot . swiftly across tho floor to where stood a black old billy-can. "It. is so hot, and it looks so muddy," bIio said, peering in at tho contonts dubiously. "Mather,, darling, wouldn'tyou liko it better if. it was made into tea ?" But tho mother shook her head. " I want it cold, Berta ; I must havo something cold." "Ami it lsntcoiu, saiu luocuuu, m uisiress. "Feci!" lifting ono limp hand and placing.it nggiust the can,- " It is quita hot, isn't it Tho. mother, turned away with a faint gesture of distaste and weariness. " Never mind, pot. I can— do— without." Then tho little ono sat up a cry. "What can I doito mako it coo! 3" she. wailed. "Oh— OurFathcr who artin heaven show mo— do show mo— how ls mako it cool." Down- on .her little knees wontsho with this prayer ; hands anu eyes turned up to tho canvas in passionate appeal; Tho mother looked round with a shadowy smile,. her;, thoughts reverting to;,, the; frequent octvi8ionS|OU which. sho,ha-l surreptitiously, played Frovhlonco, , tvud. answered Ilcrta's chiidisli aipti1. -. itioitsifor. ono small boon or anothor., . -".Poor liUle one ! Our Father,in heuyon.dqos notworkminieies nowadays." " Tifen wliyt jloosn't Ho?" cried Berta, clonqli- ing both diminutivo fists. " Now is, the time. for . iHim : I nover. wantod anything m-lmy-lifo-so: muohuiis I-iwant this.; I will never want, any. -tiling again 'if Hawill only givo me this,. .Just a Jiltlo cohl water-; such a little thing to nsk>-.. Ob,.. Ho.umst 3 : Gentle i J csus, 0 givo mo j ust a littlo . cold- .wattr for my mother. ! But oven faith, which, it is promised; shall- onablo men to movo mountains, availed nothing : to-Bcrta then:.: Bhoibcnt liorsolt tilMior-forohoad i rested olt tha ground, and liot salt water showered abundantly enough from her oyes ; but of do!|l wator, to moisten parelioJ dying lips,: thero was none. : Suddenly sbo sprang to her fuotiwith n- 'glail oxclamationi i ' ".L krfow-dl- know !" sbo cried; 'VJninio3on's - AYatorliole. I'll goat 'onco." "Biib, Borta, ifris so fnr." ' : " Not if:I run. I'll run all tho way, raotlior.' Such cold lovely wator. 0, mothor, lot'mc go." . Tiro mothor lookod up wistfully.' " I- am soi thirsty," she said. " Ycsjiliain gono.' Mothor, I will bb' Back ill a' minutclaliiiost." ' . : ".'Y<furjhdt,ichild'; you must havo your hatd' . - " fYes,- I'nli getting' it," rummaging with ' im- , patient handwin ; a ' hoap of wearing apparoV tilli she diseovotod and brouglit to-'llght a oriishod'- straw hat that had but ono' striug. Thrusting this upon hor head with ono hand andjpouring hut tho contents: of tho billy with tho other, she: - ruslied to the door. Then stopped nil (suddenly, and, running back, . flung herself down and caught her mother's hands in her own. "Mother, you will- not (lie bfcfore I nine back. : Promiso me, truly, that you will wait for me.." "I'll wait,, lovo, I'll wait. But, oh, be very quick, my pot, bo very quick." Picking up hat and can again, tho child sped - away, through the lint dry .air and along tho dusty . root, scarco pausing-.onco injier mpid flight untiKJamioson's homestead camo in view. . The Jamicsons wcro " cockatoos their, water- holo was a supreme necessity to them and; their i cattle during those long hot summers. It won a lccp wido. clay-cemented reservoir - of -carefully caught rainwater, i and . was quite close to:. the house. " Hi ! what ;qtOi: you up( to- there?, , , Do Jyoiii want to get drowned, yon Uttlq sprat. ?'( ' , . Poor Berta in her frightat being thus .roughly . accosted- was within ail ;aoo ,of tumbling., through ! thc-narrow .aperture in the covering of. tho, tank; - A,. stout rcdrfacod damsel snuntored luzily.ovor- from tho house, sheltering her head frqm.thq.sun : with, a dirty towol; And what nre you after,,, ypu small- wasp,?"' she inquired. , . "Just a littlo cohl water, please," said itlio child, ready to cringe and fawn like a lost dog in < the earnestness of her desiro. " Just, the .tipicst. billyful of cold Wilton for, my mother, ldcnsc. She is, very ill." " III, is sbo 3 What is the raattor with hor 3" "I don't know- ma'am, but she is very ill." " And what's her namo 3 And where, dp you oorae from 3" pursued the maid, gossip and news licing too raro .nt Jamioson's to justify licr in missing any. " I camo from the township, pleaso," answered Fhilibcrta humbly. Then, with a sobbing catch of her breath, " Oh, you wouldn't mind being in a hurry, ma'am I Sho is qo thirsty— my mothor ; and sho said she would wait" " Well/ look out," said tho damsel, fastening a rope . to tho billy handle as she spoke. " Thero you aro I" drawing up the can filled to the brim. " Oh ! oh I thank yon !" " Don't yon want a drink yourself 3" " Yes— no— I want ali this for my mothqr.". "But you'll, -spill -half of it on tho- way., I say !" ".Yes." " Como into tho houao and I'll give you a drink of milk." " I can t stay," said liulibortn, making off hurriedly. " And cream — thick cream," cried the girl." " Lcan't stay, please," from tho child, .already several yard? away on thq homeward road. "And jam— gooseberry jam," shouted tho temptress, with her hand to her mouth, trumpet? wise. Tho faintest littlo cry ot acknowledgment camo back on tho scorching wind, and thon a turn of tlm road and a cloud of, dust hid, tho child froni yiow. " Well I'm blest !" ejaculated tho kitchen rep resentative of Jnmieson's ; "what a quoor little beggar it is ; and snnstruck it will be as safe as oggs beforo it's anyway near the township. And tho watcr'll all bo spilt the way she's running ; and I didn't get a word— not ovon licr name — out of hor, tho tiny dot." When tho child found that Bpilliug tho water was inevitably tho result of hasto, sho slackened speed ; and, looking to right and left of tho road, sho presently, espied a gleam of tender purple in amongst a patoh of scrub. Setting her can on the ground sho scrambled up and cap tured a blossoming festoon of sarsaparilla, tho only sign of flower life anywhere in tho parched locality. It took her scarco a half minute to so- euro it, yot tlio delay started bon into a quicker paco than before, and so sho hastened on until sho was once moro in tho township. And while yot. afar off her heart smote her reproachfully at sight of the wido open door of hor mothor's house. ' «! I didn't shut it properly," sho said, striking horselt an angry little blow on tue breast, anu tho dust and hot wind lmvo bcon blowing in on her oil this timo." Another moment and she had entered. "Mothor, I'm so sorry about tho door. But I'vo got tho wator. Look, you can soo right to tlio bottom of. tho billy ; so cicar, so cool. And this flower— mother.; 0 mothor !" . Alack I alack.! for the thirsty mother hail not waited. CiurTEn II. — Two Kindly Hearts. , That evening, when the sun was losing color iby.dcscont.towards.tlio trees,' Mrs. John Camp, boll stood at her houso-door,; shading her pretty Irish myes .with hor protty dimpled hands, and wondering ;nloud, :in.; licr protty Irish brogue,1 what hadbcicomo of hor. husband. Evon as. sho watched and conjectured she was gladdened by the sighfcof him, _yot:afar off. ; A: stalwart man, 'Six - feit - four of handsome,' .woll-mado, ruddy, iScotehiihumahity, boaring .for homo with a swift directness tliat showed that all his heart and' will wbro already thoro. Although fully two yoars had passed since that Eurokai Stockade affair (evoryono knows or har hbaTd. of those riots at : BMlarat ; tho riota: in ! whicli Mri l'oter -Lalor lost -his arm), Mrs.- John tlimflbelh oould' noror behold her husband at a 'little' distahce without romombdring the wholo "thing as vividly iw if ili wore : an oecurroneo;of only yesterday. To tlioso riots John Campbell owed his appoint ment iirnlor Government as sergeant of polieo at ' Merlyn Greek. ! " As if,'' said ho,- wheii the honor Was conferred upon ilim:in:roward and re cognition of his bravery, :ffee., &e.— " as if ittvass not nhviss rowArd enough torn tnaii to po in nny fight wlntoflor.1 \\Vhat- potted thing wass thoro offoTfor n mnntmto po'in a fight ?" AVheroby it will tio- seed that John Campbell 'Waa mado of ' tho'right kind'Of'Btuff for a soldior. Shat bit flirting -Was ou tlio right sido: on' that particular loscaeion nt Ballarat- was rather a mat ter of luck than volition. Or porhapS -it' would i be hioro aceurato td say tbat-ho'got1 oh tbo' right didA firtt whon'ilio dld boaUBO 'tlio' right aido'at 'tliat- mom'ont bappemid -to bd the weskdr,- and it 'w<ia> in the nature' iflJolih Campbell always' to bolp tho woak against tho strong. Thero was just sufficient anoiont Highland lawlessness in hi composition to have -ranged' him easily on tlio other siiio under other circumstances, and, .just enough gratuitous spontaneous lovo of fighting to malte him not caro particularly which side ho was on. But . however one might spcculato. as to his . principles (and, seeing that he..;ms-on the right .aide, it seems qplittle mean, to .attempt analysis, after all), there could bo no two opinions about his, .prowess. And . so .both biq. party and : tho opposite ono thorougliiy.fclt and, realised. , ( .- John Campbell -was indebted, for Jus .wife, -fls .woll.as his.apppintment, to.this littlo, sc.rjmiqogq about miners' rights at Bullarat... Uosamond O'Brien, popr lonely little, immi grant, .had somehow, drifted into, the trying.and dubious, though withal lucrative, position of Bar- maid in a grogrshanty, ; .where., hor lustrous groy oyes, wavy brown hair, flashing smile, and reaily : jtonuo .filici). her patrons', hearts and .emptied their, pockets so entirely to the satisfaction ot hqr einpibyer -thqt that gontloman -seriously coutem- , plated her proraqtion to thq dignity of wife aqcl 'mistress. The girl was sadly out of, place in. tips ' den ; yot, being plucky to the core,, sho kept on for sake of the little money sho coiildsenif to' tlio 'ailingnn|l povorty-strickcni old folks at houii. .', f " Fending tho drunken landlord's proposal camp - 'the riots ; and tlio initial fight . was ' waged upon tho .very thrpsliold of Blue Gum fshanty, as , the place was called. Uosamond was improving a few welcome moments of , rare leisure by. study of tho small prayer-book (tho " Garden of tho Soul"1, which tlio parish priest , had given lier' on - 'lior departure from tho old country, when, sho was suddenly startled by tho report of firearms . and thejvision of a fighting, struggling, . yelling crowd that surged and swarmed into the bar. Panting and paipitqting, flushing and paling, sho gazed with eyes that sccmod to flash grey lightning npon tho striving mass for a few se conds ; then with a wild musical little shout - " Whnrroo I" sho kicked off ono shoe, snatched off the stocking,, dropped tlio " Garden of the Soul" into the foot of it, and deftly whirling it I-.;, ill till ii'.i clij.viry mils; ot' tho fray. ; " Sliure, .tho first bit of a row since last St. Patrick's Day, at Ballyconnoll Fair, an' irio hoart's in it. Moro powor to us, bhoys ; qn' though, it isn't otfhon ye'll bo hearin' tho Word o' God in this murdhcrin' countbry, it's falin' it yo'll bo this day, an' glory be to. tlio same !" And. indeed there was not a head of all tho dozen or ?o that did not feel it, and bear lumpy witness, at short notjee of the force and dexterity with which it was.wiolded. And it was in this scene that John Campboll first looked upon bis fate. Within a month from that day Miss O'Brien had changed her name. Hasty marriages were very. common in tho colo nies then, loftg courtships extremely hazardous. Tlio trousseau of a bride at that period — and also her now establishment — might bo of tbo simplest 'description without exciting any irritating or humiliating comment. John Campbell was wealthy, having become so suddenly through " a pocket but if ho had boen in tho condition of tlio proverbial church mouse it would havo made no differonco in re- spoct to his getting his wife. When he said, half doubtfully, but very insinuatingly, "It would pe a ferry priglit day for me, Miss O'Brien, the day you' wouid say. to mo, ' I will marry you, John Campbell,' " sho was quick with her reply, though she flushed all over a rosy red as sho uttered it. " Shuro, then, tho bright day is to day, Mr. Campbell." "John," said ho, 'reach ing out for her hand. " John," repeated she, submissively. Then he kissed her. " And how long will it tako for you to lovo mo, Rosamond O'Brien 3" " I can nover lovo you more or less, John Campbell." " Then if I was to say tho day after to-morrow for tho wedding 3" " It isn't uicsilf would bo putting anything in tlio way of it." Then ho kissed her ngain, and on tho second uay iroin mat tuey were Uiarnuu , -u.u, .uu.'o" having abundant leisure aftorwards, yot nover. experienced aught of repontanco-for the step thus taken in haste. Thoy grew moro in love with each other ovory day; till, in tho man's oyes, there was nothing so fair nnd winsomo oil oarth a? his wife, and in the woman's heart no thought or caro for anything iioro or horeafter boyond hor husband. The only semblance of dispute ever betwoon , thorn was when thoy undertook- to correct each; other's English. Mrs. Campbell's broguo was tho most dainty nnd delicious that over made a rami: wish-he had married an Irishwoman. Mr.; Camp- 1 bell talked exactly liko tho Highland characters , in Mr. William Black's novels. AmVoach one of - this'quaint couplo thought or said that tho accent, of the other whs simply hoathonish. Sirs. Camp boll always denied hor broguo ; Sir. Campboll sonorously' deliod " any man; alifo to speak tbcj English peltcr as himself could speak the English , wiiateffcr." " Faith, nn it s a pretty timo intiroiy to uu , coming homo to your suppor,' Johu Campboll," said his .wife at tho eiose of this long .hot day " and the seoncs, that tool: ino such troiiblo'to bako wid the heat, gone as cold-as a stone." : ' ' Tliat wass not possible this day, Rosamond | O'Brien. Thore iss no cold any wliorc; mirofer, ' except tlio cohl in your head. And how iss that, cold by this timo, my wife 3" ' Sirs. Campbell's syatoin was" addictod 'to in-, ilucnza. At'.tho present moment sho had to givo: way to' three ' sovoro snoozes boforo hor husband could piqk.hor up in his arms, as ho always did,! to kiss licr. " : | " The saints tako tho cold !" said sho, " tlio lifo is bothorod'out of mo intiroiy wid it. And' wlioro havo yoii' boon' all the da);, darlin'?'' " It'wAs? two hours;, dokrlb; that, I- will jio lobkin'g up a t'runkon' tifHtf'ot A mail'tlll ho will get sober. I wass having' bfm iiy tho cbllar — s'o,j lilul he was - pulling away— so.- Ho will pull and I will pull, and thon ho will gif way quith sud den, anil thon1 John Campboll will sibdowh qiiiclc iii tiib dust.'' Thon the tfunkon nian wass Bit down in tho dust. Got! whatatime! An' the -jloth of- us perspirin' -onough'to turn all' tho dust into tain'd'ihud.H " So I see, thon," said Mrs, Campbell, taming him about and dusting him down with a motherly air. " And why-, did yo.botliosalioiitanK drunken iqan,ntaUrat.all-.-suqli ai.duyjas .this?". , r, "I wass wondering about that more., as, once- inyselfRoaameud... B.ut you soel -hqd-siiid iatlie flqginninjSjthivtJ would putJiini in tiic cuqip, and spjntq thocamp ho wass. pound: to go. :Andnpw we willdicf thoitsa and tho sconce, RosamonfL," Whi|o discussing, thq.s&mo Mrs.. CamDbqlliOb- served. that she bad.ipgopd, mind ,to run across.to that little house beyoiub,thoercok.altcr .tca... , ' , ."And .what i will that,;, poi for;,, Koa-pioond p, 'Brian 3" inquired -)ier husband.., .iJ"SJiiire,.r?ji,onq)sy,iI ,dny abo.ui ilio, woman ,t)iat.-livosihere,,i Neven a, sign, pi .emohe Iro'm tUq chjimney since.yejitherday morping ; apd'her;? sqllsick, and no) a sonl. but .the cldld to -spea): tO," , , f Mpypn Hiat sho ,wiU„not .want lanyone. , else, Itojqiqond,! , She waqs npt -ferry .civil, tqi suthc .Jaatitiiqo yo.n,.wmspyin3.to,pefri9ndly.,". , ."Thvue.fonyo, dear ; bflt ilii.uiislylikQia. man .to.bo rb,miinberinga.triilo.likp.tbnt.„,Is itajjttio phnblfing, iVye think, ...t, Bat would, kqopfmpXroni "thryin'.to ,do the poor; qoulp gpoel. tqrm iiy aiiif.-- neqSj.now 3" . , ; "II it- wass, net curiosity tir.it. .w:is.s makipg. you want to go over, Mrs. Campbell ? All ' tho women was full' of "cariosity about their neigh- hers.' inhere wps ;Ejtq,Y ngw/: \\n tiiagjirdcn of Kdcn ; if she had not pqeuso curious " "Ab, bo dono wid-.yqr. nonsinse, John Camp, boll. Shuro, if it was_curiosity first made her dross herself like. a. respectable . married woman, she, ought, to 've boon, thankful . for curiosity. 'Morb.toa, , darling? Moro . bitters ? Then ,put away i the, dishes, like la.gpod, boy, .whilst. I(m gone." So the scargcant.of police— and for. the matter of, that, tho. oaly representative of the force ,at Merlyn Creek,— meekly set about wash ing up , tho teachings, while his wife tripped away oror. the parched grpund, and. through the lengthening shadows, of. trees, to -the little house beyond the creek. Sho fo.uitd tho door wide open, yet tho light, of the. waning day was so dim that she. could, not for.a moment or two discern nnything.of the in ferior. Whon hor oyes had adapted themselves to tljo gloom -what sho saw was the stretcher-bed against, tho. wail opposite the door, beneath., the bed -a figure stretched stiilly all its length, sa white dead face, with fallen jaw. and open eyes ; , end crouching over this a child. I " Thp Holy Virgin :havp pity !" ejaculated Sirs. C'ampheU, entering swiftly and falling, on hor .knees beside the pitiful, group. "0, my,|;pppr little mortal, como into me arms." "Don't, .please, ".said the, child, quietly, ward ing her off with ono small . hand, whilo .the other still 'clung to the mother's luiek. "Go away, ' pleaso. My mother is dead." " No, deary : only aqlepp— fast asleep," said 'Mrs. Campbell, with the, instinct wo all have to deceive children about troublo. Only asleep, my pot. " No— dead 3" said tho child, with, sad posi- tivoness. " Sho. told mo herself— my.mother did —that whenever. sho could not speak to mo shc would bo dead. Aud I'vo called her ovor a huu- - drc J times, and sho has not spoken." Mrs. Campboll, shaken with a sudden rush of sobs and tears, leant over and strovo to lift tho child up to hor own warm sympathetic heart. But tho little ono fought and straggled against hor, mutely, tearlessiy, but desporately ; with iter small grave foco sot defiantly, hor great brown oyes turned upward " and full of rebellion. Mrs. Campbell was fain to lot her go, and to kneel down again and gazo at hor help lessly. And something mosmorie iu her. gaze, or maybe tbo boat and tbo tears, tho long dny and heavy woo, so wronght upon tho littlo ono, tliat sho drooped drowsily, onco, twice, thrico — rousing herself between — thon for tho last time, nnd lo ! sho was asleep, her head falling rcstfully on the still white bosom that sho ctung to. Then SIr3. Campboll touched hor gontly to try tho depth of hor slumber, and finding it safo, gathered her up quickly and fled. " And what is. it you bef got there 3" cried ,ionn uaqipueu wuon sue uniuruu iter uwu uuuse white and breathless. For all answer she laid her burden on. his knees. Tn tho name of God — a child !" " Yos, a child, John Campbell,. And wo, -too, living iioro comfortably and stooping; peacably in our bed at night, with a woman .dying of heat and starvation right foroninst us." "God forbid, Rosamond !" . " Bat Ho didn't forbid, and its ,yorsoli had better speed over there, and look to it, now, John." . , Away, wont John.Campboll with a ohill of. re proach at,hist'hcart,f6r.ajtiiing tliatatycr all, ho .could lioithqf .liiivq helped: nor hindered. , When, the. child Philiberta qwoo it was to tho sense of boing, tightly folded in a woman's soft caressing. arms. . "Mothqr! I. want my .mother," she said, strnggli|ig. . i l( My pretty, won't yo lot me be your mother? and mo cryjng mq.cyes out tuis.ypar past ior, a babo. Ah ! darlin', won't yo.spoak to mo and let ;m0 be your mother, jubt a Rttlo' while anyhow, till tho other o'nq comes back!"' . '; ' Tho' littlo ono turned her head away wearily, saying nothing. ' , Aii hour later Mrs! Campboll awoko with a Bhuddor, following somq troublo'd dream, to find hor arms empty. " Holy Mother, my baby !" sho cried; springing (from tlio bed tp arouso'lier husband, who was for this night rologatod til tho oiiosBum-rug couch in tho outer room. ! " Johq, quick j I'vq lost; iy I' baby." . , . .. , ' Thoy found hor oasiiy mibiigli "after 'alL. j Sbo fi'ad hot 'got .as far as tho' crook, pqor' .dosotqlo iiltlb ,squi;.in' hor! dark, oearoh fqr oaq wliqm .a&e . ,w:is. to behold: in' this, life neqeq, never .again, . Slid' yieldod to her eaDtim. ruutelyj. resigqodjy,. . liko some small dagod bird ajtor g raomdntarx oip ipo from its cage. Sfio uttorol no complaint slio Hstoned- patiently to ,al that'way.Baid .'abe . Was dutably sqbmissivd, quiotiy pbedRdht/jbqt'.'of . eoihfoftcbh Wnld'haroj.uohp.' ' '" ' Mw. Campbell-vvak(id''with.:her'ali, th'fqst bf ;tbfit TiiglilV and 'watched hor'aU tba noit day, Baying'ahd diing'aU that mjght to'wien horfrom Hor grief. "' On tbo soooad day tho doad mothor was buried, and tho procession— all Merlyn Oroek invariably attended a funeral— passod slowly by the ser geant's bouse to the plot of ground where rested as yet only an earth-crushed digger and a wcek- old babe to give the plaoo a right to its title of eemotcry. When i'hiliborta saw the crowd she screamed, " Is that my mother thoy are carrying in that box ? Oh, are they carrying away my mother?" , Mrs. Campbell caught her and held her fast, soothing her with well-meant fictions and ton- dcrcst endearments, and the coffin and its fol lowers passod on out of sight. That erening thu child escaped again, and was not so oasily recovered. When at last, guided by anothor child who had met and told her tho way, thoy came upon her, she was stooping over the new-mido mound of earth, digging des perately with her bands. Almost everyone knows that picture, "Tho Shephord's Grave" — a shaggy, sorrow-stricken dog standing ovor tho narrow heap, and looking with eyes that seem to pierco the earth in search of - the loved one lying beneath. Anything moro profoundly pitiful and jpathotic, moro "waosomo" than that scone can scarcely be imagined, .unloss it bo this of a child with eyes as full of dumb despair as those of tho shepherd's dog, and two small busy hands digging, digging— down— down— into a now-made grave.