The Storyteller. Reminiscences in the Life of a Colonial Journalist.* [BY "SNYDER."] I TAKE SHIP FOR A DISTANT COLONY—I GAIN EXPERIENCE IN PASTORAL PURSUITS — I AM ONCE MORE ON A NEWSPAPER. No man in wise Who, having obtained a great wpulanty, waits too long, bo that it begins to : cane, and admiring multitudes, forgetting what i te has done for them, only bear in mind what le now is. I had, as a reporter, acquired great ( ame, and bo, in the full blaze of my achieve- : nents, I determined to quit for another 1 solony—then known as Port Philip, now as J Victoria. I gave the editor notice of my in mention to leave, and in return he gave me the ( itrongest of recommendations. He said I waa 1 the moßt imaginative reporter he had ever known ; an any Btaff to which he had been attached. , He gave me some wholesome advice, and com forted me with the assurance that if I lived there was a brilliant future before me ; but he thought I should be found more useful as a member of the Fourth Estate if—if (here he leaitated a little)—if, in fact, Mr. Snyder, your reports could be looked upon as just a little more reliable. For instance, I have at times, in sommon with some others, had my doubtn of the bona fates of that " Wild* Boy and Girl of the Hfcods." And the cavern scene in which the bushrangers had made their rendezvous was, to my fancy, a little too highly colored. But you iiave done well, and lam sorry to lose you. You need not mind giving the usual month's notice. You can go at once. The loss of you will sooner fade from the memory than if you continued four services any longer. Then I took ship and sailed away. When I lay I took ship, I merely speak metaphorically. [ mean, I took a schooner of about forty tons burden. It was manned by the captain, a mate, in able-seaman, a boy, and a Newfoundland dog. [ was the only passenger. The Mary Ann can icarcely be said to have been a passenger vessel. She was not roomy between decks ; nor had she much Baloon accommodation. In fact, to be candid, I may say the Mary Ann had no saloon Rccommodation whatever. My berth at night ivas under cover of the weather bulwarks and a boat's sail, but in the morning I invariably found. myself in from nine to twelve inches of water m the lee-scuppers. Provisions were laid in for a passage of twelve days, whereas the passage tasted thirty, and as a not unnatural consequence provisions ran short. After a brief consultation it was decided by a majority of the whole to open hatches and break cargo. It consisted of six-feet palings, flooring joists and quartering, several hogsheads of HobartTown ale, a number of 7 lb. jars of Tasmanian jam, and some kegs of pickled herring. To each man was assigned jam ad libitum, and pickled herrings with two quarts of beer per diem. The six-feet palings were em ployed for keeping the galley-stove going. On the thirtieth day we sighted Williams Town, and on the thirty-first we warped up the Yarra to the wharf. And here I may remark that to the present day I have detested jam and pickled herrings, but have not lost my liking for co lonial ale. The first guinea I earned as a Victorian journalist was writing a heartrending account of the passage, with the awful sufferings of the captain and crew. I took the account to the Port Philip Patriot, then owned by Mr. Bouci cault—brother, if I mutake not, to the present eminent dramatic author and actor. Testimo nials were not in vogue in those days, or I am quite sure a most nattering one would have been presented to the captain for the presence of mind he displayed in broaching cargo, when he found that if he had not done so there could have been no reasonable doubt on his mind but that the crew would have done bo on their own responsibility. From Melbourne I proceeded to explore the interior of the western districts of the colony, where, having for a time engaged with a sheep farmer in idyllic pursuits, I subsequently under took to advance the somewhat neglected edu cation of his lovely and charming daughter, who unfortunately, during my temporary absence, got mixed up with a bush fire and was con sumed. And this brought my engagement to a natural termination. Then it was that I sought out and obtained employment on a newspaper in the second town of Port Philip, known then by the name of Corio, afterwards changed to Geelong, the in habitants of which for several years were, iv de rision, called Oeelongese. Tke proprietor of the newspaper I engaged with, besides having a newspaper, kept the post-office, a stationer's shop, a store, a circulating library, a fancy re pository, and general agency. There were other pursuits attached to the establishment, which consisted of a front shop, a printing-room, and a small settlement in the upper story for my em ployer's family. There was little or no money in the town of Oeelong in those days, but what little there was, was made to go a great way. The Oeelongese were admirable financiers. If a Btranger came into the town and made payment of a one-pound note to his hotel keeper for board, lodging, and refresh ments, the hotel-keeper paid it away to the spirit merchant, who paid it away to his draper, who paid it to the butcher, who paid it to the baker, who in his turn paid it to the grocer, who squared up with the hotel-keeper, the original recipient of the one-pound note, on account of his grog score. A little money at that time, and by the mode of financing I have indicated, covered a multitude of liabilities. I don't think the newspaper proprietor ever received any thing in specie himself. He gave orders to his compositors and his reporter upon the various tradesmen for both the necessaries and the luxuries of life. In the accounts kept —and the keeping of which formed a portion of my duties—very few money columns were used. On the left-hand side of the ledger would be en tered the subscription and advertising account, while on the per contra side would be written the net-on"—something, perhaps, as follows :— 1 lb. tea, a pair of stay laces, 3 lbs. bacon, 1 tin teapot, pair of lady's socks, half-pound treacle, Ac. When a line was drawn below on both sides the account was presumed to have balanced. This mode of doing business has long since passed away, and when at times I run short of money, I feel a wish it might return. I know that I had one of the best of employers, and this I may say, that what of good iv newspaper work I have learned, he was my first instructor. It was he who impressed upon me this great truth, " That words spoken in anger may be forgotten und forgiven; but that words of anger written and printed were indelible, and lasted fur ever. There was no knowing, no saying when or where a man might not produce these printed words Hud fling them at his enemy's teeth." This advice I have endeavored, as well as an imperfect nature will admit, to follow during my own • career, and 1 have tried to impress it on my juniors. Attack principles iu> ferociously as you like, walk into bit; public men upon public grounds, smash them, pulverise them, annihilate their principles, but trench not upon their private lives. Leave poor helpless women and erring men, however great sinners they may be, to themselves. Let philanthropists and professors of religion take them in hand. Newspaper writers, in the very nature of their profession, are . compelled to write perforce many thing* which cause pain. My brother* of the Press, do you take heed unto my words. Try your utmost to avoid giving offence, and you will still make enemies, but make as few of them as possible. X i« almost a certainty that they will turn up against you at some time or other, to your dis comfiture. Let me here relate something which maj afford some idea how a good man can have hi revenge. The editor of the paper I was engaged upoi nuce ran short of printing-paper—had used \\i\\ every sheet, coarse or fine, completely indifferen as to shade or color, of grocers' and drapers paper he could purchase or borrow, and theu until he could obtain a fresh supply from Mcl bourne, he asked the editor of the oppositioi paper to lend him a ream or two to carry oi with, but the editor, also proprietor, waa hard c heart, and he refused, and by the refusal though to stop the issue of the paper. My employe *as fertile in resource. In his next issue he stated to his readers the fix he waa in; asked respectfully for contributions of calico or any white textile material which would take an im pression with ink; and on the day following, pieces of calico, ladies' white underclothing; the backs or foreparts of shirts, old sheets, and odd remnants poured in to the utter confounding of the day's work, which had to be abandoned in order to receive the free gift offerings, and return khftnlra for such liberal contributions. Fortu nately, as it turned out, these were not wanted, Eor the same afternoon the mail cart brought the required supply of paper, and all went right as before. But I remember perfectly that two or three weeks subsequently the washerwoman's drying lines in the suburbs of the town presented i singular appearance. Wherever shirts were bung out to dry, if they had the lower fore-part perfect, the back was gone, or the back being gone the lower fore-part was perfect. Then it came to pass that the editor who had refused the loan of i ream or two of paper fell ill with a fever—so that he was sick nigh unto death, and his paper must have stopped, for he was his own reporter, editor, and sub-editor, comprising all those duties in his own person. Did the editor who had been reduced to so great an extremity for a few hundred sheets of paper rejoice ? I think not. He visited the sick man; he wrote leaders for his paper; he sub-edited it. He asked me to write for its local columns, and attend to the reporting, which I did very much against my grain. He got his wife to make strong broth for the sick man, and he tended him through a sharp sickness like a brother. This was his rtctnijt. The man got better, but only to die shortly afterwards a speedy and terrible death. The Samaritan editor came to rise in the world, to be known to and rank among eminent men of science. He became a legislator, and took a leading position. He came to write for high class journals, and he " not only influenced the politics of the day, but the commerce of the colony." As years rolled on so did he increase in wisdom—so did he become more esteemed, and the usefulness of his career was acknow ledged by all to whom he was known. What a lesson did he teach to those pigmy editors whose ideas of conducting a newspaper did not extend beyond bringing public men into con tempt, and publishing the scandals of private life ! The newspaper Press is as well conducted now in Victoria as it is in New Zealand, but I think I could point out the man who taught so many good lessons. But I still wish a little more discretion and charity were exercised in giving publicity to the names of those who are brought before our Courts. I take a newspaper in my hands, and perusing a report of the pro ceedings at the Resident Magistrate's Court, I find that John Smith has summoned Thomas Jones for £3 10s. for butcher's meat Thomas Jones, I find, admits the debt, and asks to pay so much per week. He says he has got a family ; has been ill, and is out of work. Now, what right have newspapers to publish to the whole world Jones' poverty? Are there not plenty of ill-natured people in the city who will taunt Jones by-and-by, and say to him, " Jones, why don't you pay your butcher's bill ?" or, " Jones, you have tried to diddle your butcher." Or will not Mrs. Wellin say to Mrs. SavealL "My dear, why do you speak to Mrs. Jones ? Her husband, you- know, was summoned the other day for not paying his butcher's bill—a thing, my dear, I wouldn't have said of me at the price of my salvation." Now, I know something of this Jones, and I declare to you he is one of the most honest fellows living upon the face of this wicked world. But you see the newspapers publish his name far and wide, and people point at him and talk at him. His credit is damned, his poor wife is made miserable, and his children jeered at by the sons of Mrs. Saveall and Mrs. Wellin when they pass them in the street Upon my conscience I do not know after all that news papers are the unmitigated blessings we take them to be. What would be said if I, having the command of the Press, were to publish the names of every man who dishonored a bill, or had " not sufficient funds" written across his cheque ? Supposing, now, I was to go to the Registrar's office,- and, paying a shilling, publish the names of all those in this city who had mortgaged or alienated their properties to third parties ? What a row there would be in Queen street! I should be charged with damaging men's credit; of striking a blow at our system of commerce, and of letting the public know about people's private affairs. Don't I know well how I should be receiving notices from all quarters to " stop my paper." Yet I don't think anything of letting the world into the knowledge that poor Jones is hard up and can't pay his butcher, or that Smith has been sued by Brown for a month's rent, when everybody who knows the parties are aware that Brown did it to Bpite Smith, and get his name put in the papers. Of a certainty, if we balance the evil against the good that is done by the Fourth Estate, it will be greatly in favor of the good; but how many keen and painful wounds, hard to bear, and the mental cicatrice always left, are daily inflicted by the newspaper Press, when no public benefit is conferred, and only a most idle curiosity gratified. If Press writers would only consider that words written and printed are indelible, and last for ever, I think they would profit by it; for a long acquaintance with these gentlemen tells me that they are very far off from being a bad set of fellows. I think a little more good nature infused into all of us would make life move on more smoothly. This ingredient is to the human being what oil is to machinery ; it prevents friction. When we rub against each other, the contact doesn't injure. * The right of re-publuhing " Reminiscence*," &« . h«B hrmn min-lmaml Viv tha nmniUnMof thin innnul