SETTEM^JN ipa;: By Morace Earle,' Author tf,the " Squatter and Sit frctigf." .-.Y?.Jf-'l -I ,? CRBDITOR-BILL OOXJEDY'fl YJLTB.. "AND SO you are old Bill Courcy," said Verney later :Oll- in-: tho : day, < when Toil Willonghbytinwoduoed his pergonal attendant, « So you are old Bill Courcy, of Thistle Bank, my old faithful) servant j:well,.Bill, I am very glad to sea.you-again, and still more so to find you in the servica. of BO good a man as niy friend, Mr.'Willoughby.V-. " Thank yon.'Mr. .Verney/'. said Bill, touch ing his hat.1 am ..very well off now, and Tory happy; Mr. Willoughby is a kind master, and Very good friend beaides." Ml little, thought! to meet you hero, Bill; ? when we parted in Brisbane I certainly thought we had partedifor.erer.''/ " Andwellyoumight,",said Bill,!' considering, thatl hadnearly died there, and had been mad, »nd all that sort of thing." . .. "Mad!.how.'BlU " After I oame out of the hospital, I got drinking, and .won^t off my .Head altogether." " Poor Bill," eaid "Verney, sympathetically.! - " But I got the better of it, and went to the North, where^Ijwas.Bnything.but happy ; and BO I made up my mind to hunt yon up,< think-, ing you were in Melbourne, and on. the-.way down I fell in withMri Willoughby, ,and so; here W9 are. -Wo,were going .on .to England to look for, you, tut us jMr, -Willoughby .has picked you up..here, I suppose ,we shall turn', round and go baok again.".,. "You were.determined to give ineagood; chase, ?Willoughby,". said Maurioe) turning to that young gentleman.; :; i,; ... " X had made up my. mind, tofind you, even. ifIhadto:hunt yoa to^Siberia," said Tom. - . "Be thankful.then.-that I,have sared you such a oruel 'journey," remarked . Verney^ laughing.: ,. . '. ? . ? . "Ihavo.more to:thank;,you for than that,, my friend.",.i. .. -,\\H .. , ? , "And what do you propose, to do vnth Bill Donroy» now yoii; have .found me, .Tom?" Mked Verney. . . "Keep .him.-out of piisohief," replied' Wil loughby, " if he will pBrmitme.". : : "Let that be my .duty, my friend; ha was mine once,, was ever faithful,. and moreover, - knows more, of,:my:history :than any. other man of my acquaintance.' What say you, Bill, will you bl^nd your; fate with mine P, that is," he added in {.explanation, and fearing that he . had overshot his power of comprehension; I' will you remain with me,.and travel: with .me; dure my good and bad fortune, in foot, be my companion'yvhen these shall havo;leftiine, for. lure me they will, and must ?" Bill soratchedhis head and looked puzzled;, it was a hard thing to have .to choose between two men who were equally bent on making him happy.; he could make no reply, but looked' from one to thoother with-n,piteous expression aod an evident.'desire to bs .relieved of his dilemma, on the horns of - which he sat so .un comfortably.: i.Es^eoially he cast a beseeching look upon Tom, who;read it-at .a glance, and; hastened to ease his mind. .. . "Bs it so,-Bill,'.'. said he, " remember, our tcquaintance is ibut of a: few months date; while, with Mr. Verney, it is one of. years. Go with him; it is my request; he will be true anj Itind to yoa,'as he is to everyone;. and you have a claim on' himj. which you have not on ?8." ? . ..... ,,, ,. . ?..., . _Bill's eyessfilledwas ;Tom."Bpoke, and: ha tided up to Verney Very muoh in the manner of a faithful dog, who, while acknowledging . kindness bestowed'onihim by; a stranger, olinge withifond: affection to his first master. And thus Tom was relieved of a charge *hich the stronger: character of Verney could more efficiently .undertake. ?; ??? .: And yet he was fated :to: prove a; sore trial even to the. puissant. Verney,; and to- form an important item . on ;the? oredit side of his: Moount with Him whom be sought to pro pitiate with:.good,.deeds :and constant; self denial. . An evening-' or two after-the oceurrenoe of we above oonvereation^othe three gentlemen determinod.-upon, a; visit to the part of the aity Best frequented-by^ the vile-and profligate. They had heard muoh of the locality, and also of its denizens,; but had hitherto avoided it. D&siraus of extending their exporienoe, and thereto, especially by.Tom, they started °itt attended by Bill, and in course of time (ootid themselves pi. the midst of suoh tur- - tooll and uproar- as2 it had never before been misfortune to witness.. Bill Courcy, Specially, waa .struck and excited by the clamour and noise, as well as by the bril liancy of the. taverns, and. the wildness of . the soene-a soono tho novelty, of which seemed to BD8gest tohUmind a freedom unequalled by any Rold mining experience he had gone through. wrh a charni in the riot which peculiarly Attracted him, a .freedom from restraint whioh operated powerfully upon his mind, and almost ^polled him to partake in it. His poor mind, wrecked and torn by excesses and priva tions, hy over-indulgence, and by most absolute QMtitution-mutations so common to buahmen gold diggers-retained to itself only an *fprociation of glare, unbridled revelry and j*°t; and henoe,as shoutarid. laughter reachcd *ar> his bouI yoarhed to join therein. ' .» ^ three gentlemen wnlkedleisurely through «o throng, erijoyingjin their way, the bustle excitement of tho crowded thoroughfaro, ^marking upon the ' various incidents an they P^sed ulong-tho' sharp langh, the coarse mil yet pithy, Fentences, the lively n^ingltd strangely with tho brutal oaths, savage threats; and tho fierce denunciations tho mad, half-drnn^en churlt* which; doltod I B, c];0wd here and thero; but in that crowd r*ed a devil that required but little rousing oocome apparent: he waa thero ia the hearts of each, 'and id.I&'viaible foTOwas"Murder,' A differenoo ,of ^opinion, a iolce carried beyond > the / laughing ,poin$, the thwarting of nn inclination, the merest 'scratch upon the fed© of a man's hnmour, would'develop a knife or revolver, and-thVscufile, the report, and the groan, would betray th^.prea'enoe.of the. fiend* , The three fnends.-reflofved to visit ft " dive*' or down-stairs cellar hostelry,. for these they, had heard of and; decided to'inspect. Followed by the wondering Bill Oouroy, they descended, and found; themselves in a brillianily-fllumi xiated apartment, filled with revellero of all nations--ro wdiea of 'the cruellest stamp, black* guards of thelowea^typemen whose aeeda in any other communitywould have brought down the thunderbolt of 3 ustice upon them,Dut who were here secure (to work out their, own evil wills; in any mannerthey pleased. Calling for, iced drinks,, our 'friends seated themselves away! from the thickest of the throng, watching from^their position the various characters before them, all the time, however, forgetting poor, weak-minded Bill, who, once again in the haunts of his special fiend" drink," with sufHciont money in his pocket to devote to his service; had mingled with the orowd of drinkers at the bar, .and! was drinking his hardest1 in their company; it has been before .observed that.Bill at'times was, disputatious, and wont.'to'-ihtrude ' his, opinions . in, a . manner'more.forcible",than wise, .and with'all the indifference^10 consequences, so. peouliar to pqople^of his benti It wu not then surprising that, in ;a company ^liks the, present, each member'0! which was as. /strongon a pet point asBill himself, a rdispiite of. a serious form should arise,' or stha.t" the weaker should go to the wall therein. 'Bill's voice, raised above ita usual|pit<5h, attractedhia' friend's, attention to his position'; and Verriey at orice called to him to come to thmi^ tahle,'but the mail's devil, had possession of him;and all'else save hisj worship might sink.' After two'or three'unsuccessful enaeavburs[to win' him away from his' ribald companions, Verney, arose from his seat, and went towards him | layinghis hands kindly on -his arm, . Bill? whose excited mind hod placed himialtogefcher beyond his maater'sinfluence, took ho notice whatever of the action, but con* tinued his intemperate axgument, 'which,: it was observed by all around, wad beginning to'' rile" his prinoipal interlocutor. : fl '/it'sonly-aorie-hoaaconcerriafteral!"said the latter, with a sdeer upon'his' thin, quiver ing lips,a handful of people couldn't make it* Bohows else,'* try their dsxnuest." ' " It produces mbr* gold; sh&p; and cattle in' ayear, 'i^rgedBill,5 " thAn this stony ridge of your's could'producein sevenl" ; l/" Much ybtf know about it/that hasn't been outside-of Frifcco.-' - ' : " And finer men and women too,*! continued Bill,:" men'that oould lick yon blessed Yankees into a cockedhat.^:: : .- .; I suppose you areoneof the fine men," sneered the-man; ^ if so, all I can say'of them is that-they'are darhed-connterfeits.". Bill's reply to this, was a sudden launch oat with his right han'd nponthe'eye of the Yankee, which immediately stretched1 that individual upon the floor.: This,' however, did not settle the dispute^'for the latter was tipotr his feet' Again in a mindte,iatid?ushed towards his assailant, who, however, .was < now covered by the huge person of, his master. Verney had only time to observe' that the man'brandished a ktufo in his hand, when he < felt it -pierce hib: right breast; nevertheless,' he- managed to seize him by the throat, andf-putting his whole'strengih into the effort, brought him with a orash to the floor; ' at the same time Percy, and Tom- rushed to the1 rcscue, wheri a fres fight ehsaftd,- during which Bill received a knife Wound' from one of the Yankee's friends.1 -A'groan 8nd a crash suc ceeded , the blow,' and Tom, ^raising a cry of "murder" rushed<towards. the fallen manyin time to rescue him from the feet of the surging" crowd. : : ' : Meanwhile Verney's wound was bleeding freely, and Percy; who was struggling manfully with a couple ofm en j' obse?rin g nim threw off his antagonists, and hastened to his side/ The victory' was in favour of the natives, who, fihdiug no opponents, looked around them, and seeing the mis'ohief they had dons, at once withdrew, leaving the room in the occupation of the Australians. As soon as possible the services'of a surgeon were obtained, who, having dressed the wounds, ordered.the immediate removal of the wounded men to' their beds. ' " ' Poor'Bill's wound was of a serious character, and was pronounced by the dootor dangerous, he seemed to feel that his time was approach* ing, and that the finger of death had been placed upon his heart. ' 4 f Poor master," said he, as he lay^ in his bed at the hotel, and listened to Tom's account of Mr. Verney's condition,41 and he received his wound in my defence! I knew he was struck, tut I did not know it was with a knife." '" " Tea," said Tom, " he is very seriously hurt, although, perhaps,' not fetally. ; u My old devil had taken possession of tpe," said the poor man, as if speaking to. himself, u I thought he was gone never to return; but buahmen are poor mortals after all; drink and devilment are all to them; they cannot rise, above them, whatever kind friends may do for them. They, grip them like death, and leave them ruined and maddened.. But there do corao moments when thoughts of .wasted lives, and lost chances, arise in their bosoms, but only to awaken a feeling, of*.despair. Yes! a feeling of despair, and dread, andhorror, wbioh nothing but their worshipped fiend can allay; and then they got deeper and deeper into the mud, until lqokily they'sink but of sight, as X am sinking. ' Happy times were before me,, with Mr. Verney as my friend, and you, sir. But for this fit I might have lived on comfort^ ably, and have been .respected; but it was not to be--and in my ruin and. fall I Was to bring down him. You told me yesterday, sit, how ho had given his life'and fortune' to the fervjoe of Buch m I am, and I no.aooner, learn it than I bring that' Iifo to a olose, and .prevent the blessing from flowing towards, othera. Ho, porhaps,- has given his life for me, and if ne should dio» surely it will be laid to my chaTge, eh, Mr, Willoughby." ., " Ho would not Bay bo, Bill," responded Tom, unwilling to .add to the misery which was flooding the poor man's fioul. " He would freely give his life for anyone's salvation; he would joyfully .do it; he has sinned, you know, Bill, and it was yon told me one day on board the steamer, as we were going from Brisbane to Melbourne; and he has resolved to devote the remainder of Ms life to his fellow sinners' service, and to make that life one of expiation. He would have taken charge of you, Bill, as he has taken charge of many, some in a higher station of life than yours, and thud pay off as it were, the heavy debt ho owes to an offended God." , . " I hope, sir, what he has done, and what he wonid have done for me," said Bill, "will he considered in his favour in the great account. I wonder whether I could see him, sir." "You must not move, Bill," said Tom earnestly and impressively, " any exertion on your part may cause you to bleed inwardly, and thus bring about your death. To-morrow he may be able to see you for a few minutes, he is not so ill as yon are, although had. Now try to sleep for awhile, I will go to him for a time, and will see yon again soon; now don't say another word, you have already spoken too" much." Tom left this invalid, and entered the bed room of the other, where he fonnd Percy in attendance, sitting by the bedside pale and anxious.: . ' Verney smiled as he approached and held out his hand, already thin and white, through loss of blood; he had evidently been dozing a little, and had derived benefit therefrom, for his spiritB seemed better, and a bright look pervaded his manly features. Perhaps he had been dreaming that the sin of his past life had been written off the great account, and that his great creditor had given him a settlement in full.' At any rate, he looked happier than nsual, and pressed Tom'B hand with a friendly force which said much for his remaining phy sical strength.. " Ah, Tom, my boy!" Baid he, "of course yon have been visiting poor old Bill. Iam afraid1 he is fatally hurt, for his constitution was bat a broken one, and could not stand such hard raps as mine." " Iam quite of your opinion, Verney," replied Tom ; "and, indeed, I may say, Bill himself thinks so, to judge by his tone of conversation. The doctor shakes his lead doubtfully and hints at the worst." " Aid poor old Peroy, yonder," said Maurice, looking as miserable as though he himself had been prodded. "Cheer np, old boy!" he shouted to that desponding youth. "Cheer up! ' If you feel one pang of misery on my 'account, cast it away from yon at ionce, for I amworth a hundred dead men yet; and still heps'to accompany yon home by next mail. .Indeed,1 but for loss of blood, there would be but little ailing me." ' Peroy was one of those peculiarly constituted individuals whose spirits fly from " grave to gay " with the rapidity of thought. Oppressed by a sense of awe at the supposed critical state "of Verney, he was reduced to a state of grief and despondency which had a most crushing effect upon his personal appearance. Aroused therefrom by the oheerful voice of his friend, a merry smile illuminated his woe-begone fea tures, and he sprang to his side with a liveli ness whibh none, would have given him credit for, who had watched him but a few moments before. " And is it so, my dearVerney," he exclaimed, grasping his friend's hand. "Do yon really thiiiK you Will so soon recover F " "I do, indeed," replied Verney, "I have still work to do on earth, I believe; indeed, I know I have, and £ believe my life will be Spared' to accomplish it, that done I will sing nunc dimltis joyfiilly. j " Then I trust your task will oconpy many, many years," observed Tom. - "As many or as few as my Maker pleases," said the invalid, a quiet sort of holy resignation beaming upon his pallid features. "lama believer in man's mission; and having mine allotted to me, I rouse myself to the task of accomplishing it, even though such accidents as these may peril it. Our determination to be up and doing, 'may, in many cases of physical discouragement, work in us the power to do it." "But how few men," said Peroy, "have your foroe of character." " Force of character!" said Verney, with a gay smile, " there ought to be farce of BOme sort in six feet two by fourteen stone ten of humanity, or there must be great waste of fibre somewhere. However, as a proof of my assertion, I will rouse myself and pay a visit to poor Bill, who, it strikes me, will not remain with us long." So saying, .to the astonishment of his com panions, he sprang np, and was standing npon the floor by . his bedside. At first he stag gered somewhat, but quickly steadied himself, and then, with a hand on the arm of each friend, he passed slowly bnt firmly into the apartment of his humble follower. Bill was lying on his back, with his eyes closed and his hands folded upon his breast; i his lips were moving as if in silent utterance of his thoughts, or, it may have been, in prayer. The three friends entered silently and stood near the foot of the bed, gazing with countenances full of th9 greatest sympathy upon the still form before them. Thus they passed two or three minutes, awaiting any arousing the sinking faculties of the sick man might exhibit. Presently his eyelids slowly separated,' and the dull, heavy eyes fixed themselves with a vacant stare upon the ?visitors. His thoughts were dwelling, evi dently, upon his peculiar craze, the bush fire for he murmured " Blazing up like a burning stringy-bark tree; porhaps the fire burned all the wicked ness out of his nature, and purified him for the lovely scene I saw just now. He was a bad man-very bad ; but that was no reason why he should have been left to die. But the big flames would havo made him better, no doubt. I have been told God is good. Perhaps Ho was good to him; perhaps Ho will be good to me. Ono of the bright creatures I saw just now smiled upon me, and said something kind and nice. I hope ho will let me seo him' again." . .. t. Pausing at this, the poor fellow's eyes again closed, though the lips continued to move. " I am afraid ha is going," -whispered Percy to Verney. " I wish the doctor would come. " Send for him at once," said Yerney. V He. is sinking rapidly, I fear. He is very weak, and his constitution shattered hy his excesses. I think, though, his frame of mind iB flatisfao tory. Send for the doctor, Percy, and mean while let us pray for the peaceful passage pf his soul to the arms of his Saviour." The messenger was dispatohed, and, closing the doors, the three men sank upon their knees by the bedside, and besought that mercy for the dying man which is never refused to'the Beeker. ' " The doctor was soon with the sufferer, hut' only in time to witness the Sight of the bush- ' man's soul to another, and, let us hope, a better world. ,