THE STORYTELLER. SUCH A COMMON STOEY. Br GOODWIW. Father said he was sick to death 01 governesses. We were not a bad set of children, as bush-children go, yet they never seemed as if they could put up with us for more than six months at a stretch, some times not so long. No. 1 (Miss Brown] complained of our horses. " Not thoroughbred, Bhe said, and a very rough.-" ; I'm sure that if Mickey Free, whom she generally patronised, could have spoken, he ; would have said exactly the same of her. : His back is sore to this day, and yet Miss Brown was not a weighty woman. Father said " More like a dried monkey than any thing else." She put up with Mickey Free and his companion in misfortune, Selim, for six months, and then we tried Miss Green instead. If ever woman possessed a misnomer Miss Green did, for she was quite the cutest and most experienced person of two-and-twenty I ever met. She kuew everything and every body. We mentioned the Blights in Queensland her very dearest friends, she cried. The Bells in Sydney-why, she went to school with the girls! The Nevilla in Melbourne-she had often spent a day with them. Strange to say, on inquiry, none of these families remembered her. When I say Miss Green knew " everything," I speak, perhaps, rather wide of the mark, for as far as English, French, and every other branch of education she had undertaken to impart, was concerned, we soon found she knew next to nothing. It became the delight of our lives to put test questions to her, and to catch her trip ping. Very soon, however, Miss Green "dropped to" this pastime of ours, and when we asked " What was the name of Henry I.'s wife, and " Where was the Transvaal ?" she would answer " What! Not know that at your age! It will do you good to hunt it up." And would therewith hand us atlas and history. Well, Miss Green's career on the Murray was cut short by the finger of Fate. One day our minister (we were Presby terians) arrived on his circuit He used to stay at our place, " Noorendoo," tor a month, and, while making that his head-quarters, visit all the little townships and selections for thirty miles round, holding services there. He started when he saw Miss Green, and changed colour. So did she. It was at dinner they met, and both were strangely silent daring the meal. Next morning Miss Green was sent for into father's den, and by the next coach she left us. We never understood the affair, but I have heard rumours of " forged references," " past career," &c.' Poor Miss Green; we didn't like her, but I hope she came to no bad end. Well, Mr. Maxwell twice robbed us of our governesses, for the next year he married the very prettiest one we ever had ; and it was then father said he would only get ugly ones in future. So he went down to Melbourne, visited the Governesses' Home, and triumphantly picked out the very ugliest woman I ever saw. Miss Doolan was her name, and her father had been " an Irish gentleman," and once " a man of property." There were certain traits of temper and marks of lowly heritage about Miss Doolan, which made it not a matter of surprise to us when we learnt that the " Irish gentleman " had married his cook, and that he and that cook had drunk themselves to death in a leisurely but sure manner; leaving Miss Doolan and two unlovely sisters to (as our governess put it) " fish tor themselves." She never owned to the mothership of Mrs. Cook, however, and it was by a side wind that we heard all th%. Well, even Miss Doolan was taken from us. Sne spent her Christmas holidays in Gippsland, and came back to us, announcing her engagement to " the best, the noblest, the most generous of " men!" A gentleman farmer she called him. She heard from him by every mail, and read aloud to mother and to me descriptions of the handsome presents " the most generous of men" was purchasing for his bride. " Sweet little Cochins," " heavenly Alderney," "charminggoat," "angel Guinea fowls "-ran the list. 1 met her in Collins-street last month-she has long been Mrs. Kipper-and she told me with tears how dear Kipper's latest present, 1 of three of the " most darling" pigs, had perished in the recent bush fires. "I think it high time you did without a governess," said my father to me after Miss Doolan had become Mrs. Ripper. " You're seventeen, and I can plainly see that what you don't know already you will never learn. Your head runs on other things than books. You can teach Lottie, and I shall get a tutor for the boys. They're getting too big for < petticoat government. I always had govern nesses up to now for your mother's sake (mother was a chronic invalid), but she says she prefers her own society and yours, and that she couldn't stand another series of love letters a la Kipper, so we'll have a tutor." A week after this announcement father came into mother's room, carrying a huge bunch of sarsapurilla (mother loved it) and a letter. "Justgot a letter from Bess,".he said: " and I want you to read it. No, stop; I'll ran through it aow. You needn't go, Kitty." The letter was from an old friend, a squatter on the Barwon, and part ran thus: "And now, old chum, I've a favour to aak. I know you're a good fellow, and always ready to do another fellow a good turn. I told you aix months back of that nasty ducking I got crossing the river, and how I got tied up somehow in the sticrup and bridle, and must have drowned with Sultan if that shepherd I told you of hadn't saved me at great personal risk. Well, this made me take an interest in him, and in the past few laonths l'velearnt mare of him than in the ten yeaw he's been shepherding on that book run on the Six miie Creek. He's a grand fellow, and I mean to help him bade to, life. Shepherding^ not living. He says he doesn't want to live, and that as he's buried himself the last office he neks of anyone is to dig him up. Bat my old woman and I have made him atop with us for the last month, and I can see he's . beginning to hanker after his old life. I've seiit 4 Clitnuiuan out to his hat, and Idon't mean. Stanley to shepherd again.. He's a University man and a gentleman. I?"# he has not told me all his story, JJniOw, mj curse has been dritik, but I've not heard of his touching a drop for the ja»t four yeaw i so, old fellow, for my sake give him a show. . You want a tutor; try him. I give you my word that he's as muoh a geotleman as w he'd never roughed it. Ytwjee.fac.iMB picked up with any rough mates. The only oiie I ever heard of his having was an old sundowner who camped near his hut for two months and died there, and I'm told he was a bishop's son, so he oughtn't to have hurt anyone's manners. Stanley has promised me to come to 'Noorendo' if you'll have him. I'd have him for my own lads, but I frel that though town might be dangerous, he'd be better away from here and nearer civilisation, and I admit that the Upper Murray takes points over the Barwon in that respect, though, take things all round, I wouldn't change with you." Father paused. " What do you say to it, Susie V he asked ; end mother answered " By all means let us try him, Joe." So Mr. Stanley became " our tutor." Six months passed, and he had become a sort of household god. The boys simply worshipped him, for he was an athlete of no mean powers, though-as he admitted-sadly out of training. Mother liked him, for he was unusually well read, and books were life to her, shut out as she was from the active world. They talked and read together for hours. Tottie would have none of my teach- j ing ; and I - well, o£ course, I fell ill love with him. What else could be expected of a bush girl of seventeen, rather romantic, very unemployed, and only allowed to go to Mel lxmrne once a year ? The stock inspectors at the nearest town ships were married, there were no bank clerks within an easy distance, no surveyors had been up for months, and all the sons of the neighbouring souatters were either engaged or not old enough to be so. So I worshipped, too ; but my parents seemed not the least bit uneasy. I suppose they knew that my " attack " was childish, temporary, and best unnoticed; and I know now that 110 one could have looked in Mr. Stanley's face and not have seen that it held" the history of a Imished life. I often thought of that line in Mr. Ross's letter, " Drink had been his curse." It seemed incredible. So much strength lay in his eyes, his lips had such a resolute curve, and his whole bearing was so manly. 1 knew many drunkards ; none looked as he did. Therefore 1 concluded there was some mistake. One day, soon after the mail had come in, I found iny mother in a great state of ex citement " Such news for you, Kitty ! Such pleasure forme! Cousin Helen is coming to us-will actually be here to-day : for this is a note brought by the maiilioy from Tintaldra, and she is at the hotel there, waiting to be fetched." "Cousin Helen?" I said, a little mysti fied. " Yes, Helen March, one of my Adelaide nieces. Surely I have told you about her. She is the only unmarriedsisUT, though the prettiest. She was gpe^engagedTybU know -but you won't rejifeiqljer.fiiai-St is eleven years ago, and XelW.-ffl'ust be thirty now, poor girl./,. yr" _ tY\\ ' k " Why didrffcjJye marjatft, O * JZ~ "Oh! there .'yras a) fyjfritjle. reasfijy She was engaged (to, n youn£ EnglisWrtaii/a Mr. lloderi, and on tlte^vedding-<fii«ASoji he was hopelessly intW*Q^3r5Qr ftoiXGU^-46 that the wedding could rtetrolreipfaiSer^It then trans pired that he was arTill vetera te drunkard, an hereditary one. sent out to the colonies, in the hope Jie might reform. They never met again. Helen was an orphan and rich, and 1 do believe she would have married him, but he never came near her, or was heard of again." " ilow sad!" I cried, and became quite eager to see my cousin. I was a little disap pointed when I did. My brother .Tack and I rode over to Tintaldra, a etiffish ride, and father and Mr. Stanley followed, father bringing the bugjgy. Driving is not as much patronised in our hilly district as riding, and our buggy had been in retirement for at least three months, so it required a lot of furbishing up before starting. Therefore Jack and I were quite out-riders, and more than an hour in advance of the buggy. Tintaldra is very like many other country townships, though prettier than most. A general store, a blacksmith's shop, an liotel, doctor's house, stock inspector's cottage, an old station homestead, and a few smaller tenements scattered about on the river-bank. I ought to add a dental establishment, for, at the time I write of, the local blacksmith was also the local dentist. Besides this,.he was.puntsman, for the river was crossed by a huge barge-like punt, which was, I am told, a carious sight to English eyes. I have often seen the entire population of the township on that punt! Helen was strolling by the riverside when we reached Tintaldra. I think the Upper Murray hotels did not quite please her fastidious taste, but the scenery enraptured her, and as soon as the first greetings were over she begran to talk about it. " I do wish I had come here before, as Aunt Susie haB so often asked me to," she said. "I am so glad Dr. Devon ordered me instant change of air." I looked critically at her. Certainly she looked in need of a bracing change. Pale, thin, with soft, dark eyes and a wan smile, Helen March looked as if seas of trouble had gone over her head and quenched her beaut}'. I had heard that beauty spoken of as once brilliant, and was disappointed to find it no longer so. Bat I had not talked to her long before it dawned upon even my inexpe rienced perception that the tender charm of her expression, the grace of her slow move ments, the turn of her delicate, stately bead, constituted loveliness of a rare and high order. I knew the buggy could not arrive for some time, so, as we wore rather observed, I proposed a walk on the other Bide of the river, away from the bouses, and, sending Jack with die horses ito the hotel, I called the puntaman to punt us across. We etrolled about on the "Welaregang" Hate for some time, and then saw the great punt moving across to us with our buggy on it. We hastened down to the water's edge, and .my father Bprang out to meet us with hearty words of welcome to Helen, and then we prepared to go back. Helen was a little nenrous <.at theidea of going over in the boggy on the punt; I fancy she had a wild ideathat the Worses might jump overboard, and we were half-way across the river before I badsooihed ber perturbation and thought of introducing her to Mr. Stanley. Hewas seated by her, and it struck me that bis face was strangely white. Helen turned tobim as I mentioned his name, then bftlffttK from her seat '*? Stanley 1 Stanley!" tMf '&mei looked sharply up. They held -Vothei'a hands, and Helen's face could rin^taearUest youth have looked lovelier' ilef drove Hejen to the sta --"Jjatre bad#yery pleasant _ rseof it ten years seemed fHmtteir«boalders. learnt 4bat Mr. Stanley was 'niinlij Boden. There never was any doubt in the minds of any of us from tiie very first as to the result of this meeting; all the less so that it transpired that if " our tutor" chose to reappear as Stanley Roden, he would be in possession of a comfortable income. Six weeks later, Mr. Maxwell was sent for, and they were quietly married on our verandah. A bush wedding is often a very pretty thing. This one was. Our homestead is in itself a pretty picture, standing on a gentle hill, surrounded by emerald plains in the foreground and stately mountains in the distance, with the lovely river winding and curving like a beautiful glittering serpents, now near so that we could hear its stealthy rustle, now far and iri descent in the sunlight. I can see the scene now. The creeper - embowered verandah of generous width, with great sprags of jasmine and passionflower, pomegranate, and glorious strongly-scented roses twining and festooning everywhere. At one end of the verandah, her white dress gleaming against a bank of pome granate (glossy green and vivid scarlet) the sweet-faced bride7 with little Tottie, nestling to her, rosy with excitement. At the open French window, her gentle eyes iull of joyful tears, lay my mother. Then my father, tall, broad, and-for the nonce-jovial; the little Presbyterian minister, gravely important; and the bride groom-ah! how happy he looked, his sin cast behind him, his bride by his side, and a glad, clean, active life before him. Well, father said it was evident that tutors, like governesses, looked on " Noorendoo " as a matrimonial agency office ; and he declined to act in the capacity of manager any longer. So the boys and Tottie were packed off to school, and I-well-much against father's will, I soon after married Ned Rawlins, a wool-classer, and settled in Melbourne. Our cottage was in South Yarra, next to the ltodens iiouse. Ours was quite a bijou affair, while there's was a stately Queen Anne structure; but I think that there was more happiness in our home than theirs. Not for the first year, though, for albeit Ned and I were happy in our youthful, exuberant way ("downright jolly," Ned said), there was, I felt, something deeper and higher in the felicity of that lonoi-severed pair. Helen's face, in its glad calm, always made me think of a Te Deura. The day came when it reminded me of a Litany. Stanley Roden, married, prosperous, emancipated, shone to great advantage. He never became a society man, but he developed into a successful man of business^ The land boom starting about this time, he did well, and quadrupled Helen's money and his own. Yet as time went on, and riches increased, Helen's face grew graver, and often there was a shade of fear upon it. Why! I won dered. At last came the first crash of the land boom. It utterly ruined us, for Ned had plunged head over heels into speculation. My father, who was angry with us, refused I to help us, and we were sold up-lock, stock, and barrel, as Ned ruefully remarked. However, as he added, we were young, he ! had still a fair salary, and we had better go into furnished apartments and " wait till the clouds roll by." But here the Rodens stepped in, and they carried us off and installed us in a set of rooms in their big house. My husband, of course, was often out of town on business, and it was during one of his absences -that I heard in the night a sudden sharp cry-the sound of hurrying feet -a banging of the house door. X opened my door, crept out to the landing, looked down the great stairs, and saw, crouched at the foot of it, H*leu ! Helen, in loose dressing-gown, lying, her hands clasped together and thrown out be fore her, on the crimson stairs. No need for words between us. 1 understood. That waB the beginning of the end. Next day I received a letter, and, taking Helen i in my arms, read it to her. It began ab ruptly " You must know what passed last night The curse is again upon me. I feel that for weeks I cannot look on my wife's face-pos sibly I may not he fit to do so. Yet to-day I am sober, and, God helping me, will keep so. Stay with Helen. If I do regain my lost self-command I will come back to her. If not " We waited, thank God, for only a week, and then the deadening pressure of despair was lifted for a while from Helen's shoulders. I was sitting with her when he came in. Striding quickly past me, seeing nothing in the room but the slender, sad-faced wife, he took her in his arms. I heard her sharp sob of joy, saw their lips meet in a long, passionate kiss, and then crept from the room And now evil days fell upon my friends. One morning Helen told me -they were; ruined. | I cried as she told me, but she was calm. " Stanley can work," she said prondly; " we may be happier poor than rich. And so for some time they were. Two hundred pounds a year was saved from the wreck, and Stanley got a secretaryship at a fair salary. We lived next to eafch other in a terrace in South Yarra for some months, my father having grumblingly refurnished our home on a moderate scale. Like many houses of land-boom erection, ours were very shoddily j built, and really the partition between the Rodens and us was.almost nominal. Our bedroom ana theirs adjoined, and so I could not help hearing that Stanley was beginning to come home very late, .and I '? heard, , too, that his feet moved shufflingly upon the stairs. In the day-time I saw little of him, for our baby kept me very occu pied. , , . ' The flteps grew-' later and later, and ohe night three &.ta. hbd 'struck and yet Stanley was not in. "Ned," I cried, waking him, "I'm bo nervous. I'm sure Stanley has not come home, and yesterday Helen looked so wretched." Ned sat up. " Kitty." he said emphatically, "Stanley is going to the dogs." " Oh, Ned I" "He is, .sure enough, Kit. .1 met hipi yesterday morning, ana he was half wild with drink." ' I burst into tears. "Oh, Ned! It will fcalf kill Helen. Oh, can'tyou help him f " Useless, Kitty ; I've tried hard, and to tell the truth I'm not a strong-jninded fellow, and I'm half afraid to be too much with him. I don't want to be led away for your sake and the" Nipper's.'" ' The "Nipper" was onr Very exacting baby boy. . Oh no, Ned. But I can trust you." Jutittheh a cab stopped, arid I heard a sound of voices. I slipped on a wrapper and stole to the window. I saw a policeman, a gentleman, and between them-ah, Helen 1 between them Stanley. ' "Quick, Ned." I cried, and slipping on .omfe clothes; I ran hastily downstairs. ' By the time I ieached hia4oor Stanley hadbeen forced indoors, and Helen, with blanched face, stood listening to the policeman's story. She caught at my hand with a low cry, and let her poor head fall on my shoulder, and thus clinging to me, with face averted, listened. " By rights, ma'am," the man was saying, " I'd beat have taken him straight to the lock-up, for lie's reg'Iar wild; but 1 felt sorry to see a gentlemanlike this ; so I've brought him home, and Mr. Waite will stay with him. Lucky I met a friend of yours. And now, ma'am, if you take my advice, send straight off for a doctor and a man nurse." . There was a little scuffle. Stanley struck sharply out at Mr. Waite, and, breaking from him, staggered to us. He stared with a horrid glare at Helen, and then moved for ward with a stealthy step. A spring, and before Ned or anyone else could interpose, he had her by the throat, choking the life out of her, it seemed to me, as, crying for help, I tried to beat him off. I've scotched it," he cried in horrid glee. " I've scotched it, It's three feet long! A tiger snake." Helen and I had l>een sitting all day, read ing and working quietly. She led a very quiet life, with, as she said, neither joy, ; hope, nor pain in it She said, too, that her capacity for feeling pain had gone-left her for ever-when the male nurse had come to her and told her his patient was lost. The Yarra was dragged, and every likely spot searched, but in vain. Helen guessed the truth with an instant, sure prescience. " He was regaining sanity; he remem bered his fall, and would not iace me. I have J lost my husband for ever, Kitty. I only pray j that he may be dead, and that we may soon meet in heaven." Henceforth she devoted herself and most of her small income to charity. She became fond of visiting the hospital, near which we lived, and on the particular day of which I write now a message was brought to her from there that a patient in whom she took an especial interest was not expected to live another twenty-four hours. "1 shall spend the night with him. I pro mised that," said Helen. " What is he dying ofi" I asked, "Indirectly-of drink," said Helen, and her. eyes looked at me with the expression of patient, dumb sorrow they always wore. " I'll come with you," I said. " I want to see the matron about that girl in No. S, and I've never been into any of the male wards. I should like to go over them." "It was too late in the evening for that," the matron said, when we saw her; "but, of course, I might go into No. 3 lor a few minutes with Mrs. Roden." So I went. The .day nurses were just going off duty, and rather busy, so 1 stood waiting in the ward till one could Show me round. Helen went straight to her poor man, and I was just by his bed, when the bead nurse came from behind some screens placed round ^neighbouring bed. She held a watch-chain in her hand, and somehow it seemed familiar to me. Certainly, I said to myself, I had seen that little gold locket before. Helen came behind me just at that mo ment, and suddenly I felt her catch at my hand, just as she had done a year before when her husband was brought home on that dreadful night. I turned sharply to look at ber.^ With eyes in which once more gleamed a very passion of pain, she was looking at the watch-chain. "Mine," she Baid, and held out her hand. Then-I understood. "Come,".I said, turning to the. wondering nurse, "let us leave them alone together." And Helen passed behind the scteen.