Two New Year Days. CIIAIPttR I. TIIROUGII FIRE. In a clamorons appealing to the mercy of the fire, I a tomad expostulation with the deaf and frantic fire. It was years, long, long years ago, so many indeed that were I to tell the numnber people woultl know my age, and I have an olt maidish prudence on these scores. Anyway I was only a smooth-faced, antl I fear those who knew mae then would add, "a vety wilful hot-tenmpered boy," with one absorbing passion, a love for horses! In fact it was believed by some that I would have gone to a hot anti tobjectionable place if the journey had been in the saddle. It was not surprising then that an utter carelessness of all fitture prospects, backed by only some seven stone of mortality, as I was as light ofl hoy as of heart, found mte located on a cattle and sheep station, away up in tile mountains. Thea daily experience was getting " slung as high as a country cabin," from an inveterate buck jumper or a "regular cropper " as tie Ihorses tripped in a wombat hole when we tore pell mell down some rough rocky spur, whooping and yelling at the flying cattle. But the clatter of agile hoofs, clank of stirrups, jingle of sputrs and rifle-like rattle of stock-whips were music to make anmends for a wastedjyouth, andso the life swans continued. (Spring, with its busy days of mustering, nnrlttlnn.- d branding, anti enrly Sumnlcr with ."-O-oon? orOtt-, o:s-,noaltas. hn5ts none, the wool had been taken to Meltbotrne in bullock drays, and tile owner had followed to play the wealthy squatter for a week or two in the same locality. Becyond an occasional ride to various parts of the run, to see that matters were straight, the lunting for and felling bee trees, which were plentiful, tile setting of night lines in the river to catch the tinny inhabitants, or tile potting of a few wild ducks-it was too hot to'kill a beast, and man is always destruc tive-there was little or nothing to do. Scorching days with their accompanying hot winds passed, and it was only at early dlawn, when an occasional slight breeze laden with the perfume of mountain musk trees wafted over tihe homestead and sighed itself out, that life seemed endurable. At last Christmas eve came, Christmas and New Year's Day, like those we have just been celebrating, fell on Friday, and all hands got a short holiday. Our own animals were run in andt saddled, and while some betook tlhemselves to the nearest township and pillb, some twenty miles distant, others made for lhomec. iM5ondly found me again at duty in the saddlle, and I scantpered ]tither and thither during the eppressive day, often plunging into the clear water of tile hill streams to cool mnyself and horse. On retching the stalion and releasing our jaded animals, we gathered at the luit and lay down outside on the parched grass smoking or drawling a languid "get ons,' as some of tie favored dogs came too near, panting and lolling out their tongues. Suhddenly all were on the alert as the swift mulleted thutd of hoof seas as heard, and we peered into the settling darkness to lind a stockmllan coming at a fullous pace. " Coo-ce, Coo-ee ! llalloa there," he cried clearing the paddock fence, and observing us continued "l)ropmnore is all allaze, and tie fire is coming this way towards the boundary fences." \\We realized the danger anti menaced loss the warning contained, and it took hut a short time to yard and saddle our horses, while the messenger refrefreshed himself with a pannikin of " post and rails "-station tea. Along the bank of the creek a dozen of us sped; dashing through wattle scrub, and clearing fallen timber, an occasional " Look out !" from the foremost warning us to bend to the. horse's neck so as to avoid some strong hanging branch of a tree. A few miles ride showed the red glare that illumined the sky, and we made for the nearest accessible spur of the Black Range, still urging tie winded animals at their topsllost speed. On gaining tile asur(tlit we could see the line of flame still miles away, the numberless blazing trees making the distant scene appear like Mel-. bourne with its flaring lamps at night :tine. Oh, through' mobs of terrified, malddened horses, cattle, sheep, and kangaroo, which ran circlisig round each other giving vent to their, fear and stupefaction in wild unearthly screams. On, through the suffocating volumes of smoke that became denser at every stride. On, until we were in the leaping, hissing, blue, red, and yellow flames, tile crackling and roaring being almost deafening,. 'Bandicoots and smaller denizens darted between our horses feet, and snakes withl heads erect glided swiftly past, paying little heed to their natural enemy, man, but they were ultimately overtaken by the fell destroyer, anti writlled for a nonment in the agony of de.ith. An isisqqit's pqsse in tile blinding burning glare, then slpurs were driven in the heaving sides of our poor brutes, and we crashed through thle line of fire, and reached the black cned desolated ground behind. A short consultation, and Charlie was entrusted with the task of running the horses back to the station, and returning with a pack horse and provisions, as tile task before us was a long and herculean one. Wattle branches were cut down, and we started to beat out the flames. Now we made a dark breach, but a puff of wind gave a fresh impetus, and we tan for a clear spot, and threw ourselves down on our faces to get a gasp of untainted air. It would be useless to attempt describing how we battled unsuccessfully night and day' with the raging element, only staying the awful havoc "f.tr a time until Thursday, the last day of the expiring year was fading into night. A short council was held, anti it was decided to run a line of fire round the home paddock fences, and so, if possible, save them. With efforts that only the terrible excitement could sustain, we set to work lighting patches, and then beating the fire out on the homne side, but tlloving it to burn on towards the coming dames. * iharlie, who still acted as purveyor, hIad :1o.,pqglht out some brandy antd olI port, and swe were each supplied with a ssmall qtuantity of Iplpits mixed up in the water-lottles slung at oHr bells. By noon on New Year's Day we had ra a line of fire successfully to within two 

 miles of the creek, the only danger bcing the dry trunk of a fallen tree. that had caught fire and was barning within fifty yards ol the dead wool fence Old Tim, one of our nutmber, was left to keep an' eye on this weak point, and s.nfortunately a bottle of brandy and water with himt. We continued our ell-rts and had got nearly a mile away when looking tip I saw dense smoke front the locality where TIn was stationed. A general rush was made, but all too late, as the tile sprang along the piled til deadwood, and the heat was too intense to get near. Looking round we found Timt fist asleep s,-i the alreadly burnt grountl with the empty bottle Iby his side. " Useless," I Imuttred, and the lioss with a dazed stare in his eyes, anal a huskiness of voice, as if there were a lumpt in his throat, repeated thle word " Use-less " in - a weary way. Assuming the commtand I cried, " Now lads let is save the holmestead and the women folk." Fast as our legs could carry us we got to the place, and at once started a circle of tire. The ground was clear and the grass short and dry, so that rwe easily mastered the- inner line, but ere our task was quite coimplete, on came a very tornado of flame driven by a fr:sh breeze. Down it swept in a horse-shoe shape, andt we lay with our mouths touching the blackened earth, while the dcstroycr leaped and hissed as if maddlened through being disappointed by our black ring. Fiercely it passed on its con suming path of destruction, but none of us moved or spoke. It was aj if we had passed through the valley of the shadow of death, and the bitterness was terrible. Our overstrained nerves and muscles relaxed, titter exlaustion and hopelessness seemed to overcomle us, and -so we-lay and.itt-deepunconsci?.s.sleep spent the few hours left of that New Year's Day. CHAPTER IIt. tlY WVATER. No lifs: on the ocean wave, No lonte oil the rolliig deep, If t'er I went again, It' sure 'twoutld make tne welp. Andt now indulgent reader let me ask you to pass over a quarter of a century ! Five and twenty years have passed with their love and longings, hopes and fears, glints of joyous sun shine, and dark weary days of hopeless sorrow, many changes, strange vicissitudes, reverses and successes. These make up the stnm of human life, and the links we forge to-lay form the chain of to-morrow's events. But I must not moralise, or some mlay think that a surleit of holiday dainties is the cause. We were in the Christmats holidays of the year of grace, iSS5. \\es, only a few days agio, when we-I muslt use the ,we' now--as I am very much pluralised since the old wild days tof cattle hunting and bush fires. A courtcous invitation was received from the energetic, pleasant, young tanagersofthe Sugar Works, Yarraville, andt his equally aff.tle better-half, to join them and a favored fetw in a run to Schnapper Point in the steamer Florence Mband. A pos!al card further inforledl us that the "'Maud" would be at the Napier street wharf at S.15 oil New Year's Day, andi believing in punctuality, we arrived in dlue time combered wvitlh tiresome edibles. Soon troops of invited began to arrive, the juvenile and feminine per suasion greatly prevailing. A glance round the deck showed that swe onteht to be well cared for spiritually atnd physically, as two genial pastors and a well-known medico were amtongst the guests. Further, that our ways might Ie lightened and our hides tanned if occasion necessitated, as these callings were well represented, besides a "wee Toon Clerk" to keep the records. There was sure to bie pleity of genuine fun, the face of Mr. J. Ml. Norris, which is perpetually siiiiering over with merriment being among the welcome numbler. Of himn more anon. Well, we east off at nine o'clock, and duly reached the Sugar W\\orks Wharf, where another contingent was shipllpedl. irst cante J. Cumting, jun., with the precious junior representative of the clan in his arns, a troop of ladies and babies, the ofilter who watches over the "sugar" on behalf if lHer Gracious Majesty, Alec. Goudlie, with his speakling fiddle, andl last, lut not least, our jovial good natured Mayor and his kindl hearted Iotherly spouse. Cast -off again, we matde for the "raging main," and although not bound " ten thousandl stiles away," there were pensive looks among tie lasucrsuir. 'hile iveatlher..niught be des t-.ls \\ t- . " ,'o.,,ltrQ ,,," ' ietn on n :e lt nt-eur tain ssether a silt duster or hleavy overcoat woull he the best garment, and as we neared Williamstown a gtiln suspicion forced itself oil sundry of tls that thle fish would hlave the best of the " Happy New \\'ear." Abreast of the Gellibrand lightshil., divers jerks and pitches Irought a leaden hne or sickly pallor to the faces of mnany, yet we forged ahead bravely at the rate of seven knots an hour ! I.Ladies with that peculiar inquisitiveness inborn in the sex legan to peer anxiously over the side and commune with the mnighty ocean. "Deep called unto deep," ant numerous were the responses front the deck of the light little " Maldl." Sonime took up undignilled horizontal positions, and matters becamue gloomy, at least serious countenances seemned to say so. Our worthy incumbent ministeretl to all the afflicted with mal t, mernit within his reach, qnd the beaming ')"Doc." scooted around, having a full hand and to spare, giving-it might have beeCn ieltear, I didn't try-to soothl the stomachic qualms. I human endurance has its limits, and our limit was reached about five miles down the bay, when there was a concensus of opinion thlat we should " bout ship." We bouted, ny, and b'orkedl numerously. Running round byt St. Ki'da, we weie nearing Sandridge when the "Golten Crown " swept past, heicr decks a very hive of human life. An insane but ephemeral lesire seized the leaders to once more Iltrve tihe It, llgrs of the ifILeet p losve, Aiti tile perils of thtc-a sea! and once again we "botted " heading for Port Arlinglon. Alas ! the lasses woe was with them and is. Soime got down as deep as the bile water, anti the throbbed mutterings indicated that others of the stearner sex woull throw up their morals if the passage itas con tinued. Threatening clotuds lowered ahead, paterfamilias bIegan to Ilok woefutllyI anxious, anti for a third time we "louted," mnaking direct ftr Williantstown. l'ersonially I nhad a secret ilsstse to get ott nind walk iomne, feeling assuredl it swonlt be tlhe sntoother say. Ilowever we follosweld and eventually Ileaded the gotod ship "Poscidein," some 9io days out front Londlon, and duly arrivedl at the Itreakwatel r pier, but lthere was ino rest for the veary andl storm tossed mariners there. \\We were rocked so tmuch in the cratle of the dleep, hat somte dteclaredl they would let the '"Alrld" "whtimple ower" if tlhe qlt-ers wvould not helpl to stc.qdly hier:. Query--Was the author of '"A life on tile ocean wave," ever at sea, or was lie only some sretchcd imbecile who ilongedl to rival, and leserved to be servecd like Tantalus? - Eventually we hauleld u'i!ntthe Governsment tier, smooth wlater-and joy awaited us. The woe-begone atldmirers, whio hald bowed their heaith to oldt ocean were landed, impromptult tables laid out, and soon tilhe consumption of slaughteread and cooked innoents bIegan. It is strange how the internal state of nature Iears on the mental dlisposition. T'l'ose who nourned most were the first to smile. We ate as if we hadi been living on clams on sonte lesert island for a month, and host and hostess, Mayor and Mayoress, tendted to thile material wants of everyone bit themselves. After a time the tim hegan, and we realised the school-boy's definition of "'aplytite." Our britmful-of-ftn royJagcurtt in distress, Mr. Norris, with the facial expression of a Grimaldi atd the mimicry of a Polk, sang until he charmed the cook of the dredge "tMelbourne" into serving the ladies witlh tea I J. 3T. N. is a whole concert antd Amateur D)ramnatic club titth the orchestra thlrown in, in himself, and it was well that lie was withl us. Ilis Scotllh Irist, anld Yorkshire ditties leave the nitud puzzledl as to lis origin. It is only once in e life timne that one sees an atom of hnumnanity that would mnake two hnndretd weight tremble in the balance, dance and flit about as lightly as thistle down, andt make the feet of the aged itch to trip a measure. A village champion who was dcecoycdl into t-e lists, and steppted it out on the traversing table is a brave dancer, alit our own J. 31. N. is sit-,ly ulnsproachalll e wheu Irip sing to Goudie's music. At live o'clock we weighed fr Ihsmte, after many adventures, havinug secured far miore genuine etljoyment than a rtn to the Itoint or Iort wsouldt have given. Boots it to tell how our inexhanustible song' steir calledt for his " D)olly " as we pnssed Ull the Yarra, how hlie returnedt thanks for all in a neat speech, and how, when we were safely laInded bIackr, ailles and little ones joined ,in three liearty, sincere cheers for our kind host anid lostess. News is scarce in hnlidayl time, I have overe done any task of supplying a column of matter; hut I hope those who have followedl me will enjoy tle perusal, half as mtuch as I dtid, the New'Year's Dqy '! by water.'t -