THE STORY-TELLER. 

 THE HILL OF SEVEN TREES. 

 BY KKOINALO ' HUJISLXV, 

 You know that long blue hill which one oan Bee from Toogong on a clear day? I mean the one on the top of which grows an irregular oirole of six tall ironbarks, with a dead one in the centre. " Gumtree Hill" it is usually called for short; but the literal translation oi the native name ib "The Hill of Seven Trees.'1 Well, that hill was the soene of an adventure which, though it ended agreeably enough, yet began in a fashion whioh threatened a very different termination; and indeed, if it had not been for what Foster it fond of calling my phenomenal luok, and the fact that I have apparently as many lives as a oat, I should probably not be here to-day to tell the story. 

 -1 was out after a gang of desperadoes so ruffianly that their deeds threw all previous bush horrors into the shade. They wera known from the name of their leader as "The Flower Boys," and as a gang their oareer bad been remarkably successful, though indi 

 vidually of course they suffered from time to, time. Eight of them still remained at large, and the} kept the oountry side pretty lively, oarrying out their plans in so olever a mannei that it was almast impossible to trace them, much leas ran them to earth. What became of all the money and valuables they secured, or how they got rid of them, is hard to say. No doubt many of the small settlers of the baser Bort were in their pay, and vast sums must have been expended in keeping shut the mouths of these gentry. But we were certain that, notwithstanding this, a big pile must be stowed away somewhere; and at mess, 01 round the oamp fire, we often speculated as tc who the lucky man would be to disoover the hoard. 

 One blazing hot February the gang came down in force upon a pack of fools who. had been lucky at Tarabaroora, and, disdaining the services of the escort, started to take theii dust down to Sydney on their own aooount. ThingB leak out at the diggings, and no doubt some of the "Flower Boys were on ths prowl for news. At any rate, on the second 

 night of their journey the "lucky five," as _ they were called, were bailed up, and making ' some resistance, were shot down and all their gold stolen. It was a few days before the matter came to light, and then with four picked men I set to work to ecour the country for Flower and his gang, for it was pretty certain they were at the bottom of thp outrage. 

 We had been out about a week, with never a hint of the men we were after, when one day, as we were riding rather aimlessly over a long flat, Foster, who was on "the right, brought up his horse with a sudden jerk and sprang to the ground with a sharp exclamation. 

 " What isit, Tom?" I called oub. 

 He stooped to pick up something, and then ran towards me. " Look, sergeant," he said excitedly. "What do you make of this ?" 

 "What?" I asked, leaning over my horse's neck as he came up. Foster held up a small nugget of pure gold. 

 " Nuggets don't grow on this kind of soil, 

 eaid he. 

 " No; and diggers don't come this way down to Sydney," put in Jjongmore. 

 " 'What do you suppose it means, sergeant?* 

 Queried Foster. 

 X did. not sourer him, Mid ths men fell to discussing the matter among themselves. Indued, X had soaroely heard Foster's question, for she moment I saw the nugget in his hand cttk idoa had taken strong bold of me, and I est eilondy oo my horse, working it out, with my eyes meed upon ths distant Hill of Seven 

 Trees. 

 " Boys," I said at last, rousing myself from my meditations, ''I've auction thiB bit of gold means a good deal to us. There is nothing to stick up in obis direction; so, if Flower and his gang have passed over tbis ground-and we will aftsnme they hare-there is every like lihood that the nugget has been dropped by one .of them on the way to their lair, wherever that may be." 

 " I wish � knew," interrupted Peterson fer 

 .^ell." I went on, " if we have decent 

 lack, you will know before Lo*morrow morn iijff," 

 "Howl" "Whyf "What do you mean?' 

 Dried the men. 

 '* Look," I answered, pointing far the hill, from the summit of which curled upwards a thin, very thin column of einolce, so faint as to be almost invisible in the shimmering distanoe, 

 ** Bush fire beginning," said Longuiore. 

 " It may be so," I aoquiseoed; "bat re mpmhwr, this is an out-of-the-way plaoe, and thate moke may have another origin." 

 "Flower is too good a brahman to tight a fire where it oould be seen," argued Foster. 

 "Hope for the best,"Ireturned.< "Atall events, it can da no harm to reconnoitre. We ace muoh too far off to have been observed, so. we will dismount for the present, hobble the horses, and remain where we are till night fall, when we will go forward and examine the 

 hill." 

 The afternoon ware an, and by 6. o'olock the colnmn of smeke was no longer to be seen. 

 " What about a bush fire now 1" I asked. 

 "Well," said Foster, "probably it was a 'sundowner's' 'fire. Flower is a bigger fool than I take him to be if he lit it." 

 As the son sank behind the ranges, we jumped into our saddles again, and in. a couple of hours reached the base of the hill, which, as you may know, juts out in a very peculiar fashion from the range of whioh it forms paid, showing a bold, precipitous front to the east, and sloping away in a long ridge, or neck, to 

 the hills behind it. 

 " It is usetess to attempt to scale that, lads," I said, looking up at the rugged face of the 

 cliff that towered above us. We must work round and climb up the neok. Vinoent, you stay here by the horses, and keep your eyes open and your six-shooter handy. The rest of you oome with me." And with a parting word to him we plunged into the darkness and made for the ridge on she right side of the hill. Onoe round the face of the cliff the Mcent was fairly easy over the stone-strewn ridgeB, and in no very long time we stood upon the summit of the spur, newly half a mile from the front of the hill. Then I called a whispered halt, and gathered my men round 

 me. 

 "Now, lads," 1 said, " we must search this hill thoroughly. Go slow, for we have plenty of time before us, and the work must be well done. Spread out in a long line, and examine every inoh of the ground. If one of you should disoover anything he thinks I ought to know, let him hoot thrice like the mopoke, and I'll joi8 him. The same cry thrioe repeated will be the signal for the rest to oome up. If nothing oomes of it all, well rendez vous at this point at sunrise. Be very oareful. The moon will soon be up, and then you must take advantage of whatever cover you oan find Above all, don't hurry. To your places." We started in an extended line, like skir mishers. JToster on the extreme left, Peterson 

 next, thfn myself, while Longmore took up his position on the right. 

 For some time we worked on without result, and not a Bound broke the stillness of the night. Then suddenly from the left came the mournful notes of the mopoke, thrice repeated. 

 "Canfound it!" I thought. "I wish the signal had oome from the other side. One can nevet truBt Tom Foster except in a fight." 

 However, there was no help for it, and I turned and made my way in the direction of the sound, wondering what mare's nest Foster had discovered, and grumbling generally, when-all at onoe the ground seemed to glide from under me, and the next moment I felt myself falling,, falling, falling, through what .eemed in the pitohy darkness an infinity of .pace. Instantly ttie horrifying thought shot throughmy brain, " I have gone over the edge of the oliffand then I plunged violently into a thick shrub, rolled out of it, and was off again, orashmg through bushes and saplings grasping wildly right and left, and clutching madly at whatever came in my way, till at length my headlong course was arrested by some hard object, against which I oame side ways with a tearful thump, which nearly knocked all the remaining breath out of my body. Then, as I felt myself slipping away again, I made a desperate effort to recover myself, and flung my arms round the oppor tune obstacle which had arrested my fall, while at the same moment a large piece of rock, dislodged by my struggles, went whirling into the air, struok a ledge immediately below, rebounded off, and thundered down khe side of the steep,, while I hung on to my 

 friendly support with a tenacity born more of . teiror than neoessity. But there is some Bxouse for a man who has fallen I don't know how many feet through space, and then rolled I don't know how many more down a rough mountain side. 

 Presently, however, I began to collect my scattered senses, and then I saw that I was clinging to the trunk of a Baesafraa tree, whioh gr*w out and made a convenient angle, into which I had fallen, and but for which I Bhould doubtless have gone the way of the rock. While my arms olung to the tree, my body lay etrebohed on a.small projecting ledge, so that I soon realized that all danger was over for the time being, and, loosening my grip of the tree, felt myself all over, and stretched my legs to see if any bones were broken. No. I was badly bruised and shaken, but otherwise quite unhurt, and I took a fresh grip of the tree, intending to haul myself up into a more comfortable position, when in an instant I stiffened into immobility, and lay as still as Br snake in the sand, my face buried in my arms, lest the sound of my breathing should betray me. And this was the reason. Im mediately below me 1 heard rough voices con versing together in low tones, and evidently not1 more than a few feet away. 

 For a moment I lay and listened, as from beneath oame up a muttered conversation. 

 " Wot d' yer reckon it wuz, Bill? Wal laby ?" 

 " Wallaby be blowed 7" answered Bill. " It was a great junk of rook. I see it strike the ledge 'ere and go over. It just missed my 

 head." 

 " I wish it had been one of them troopers," said a thud voice with heartfelt emjpbasia, 

 A fourth roiis added a word or two whioh I 

 failed ta aatoh, and then the first speaker exclaimed with a fierce oath, " Well, it's all fight, anyway. Whatever it was, hez gone to the bottom long ago. - I'm going to turn ie 

 again." 

 Then for* moment there mi a shuffling of feet) and afterwards silence profoand and enduring. 

 1 lay as quiet as a mouce, my eyes fixed apon a silver streak that touobed a low bank of olonde somewhere in the sky. The moon was rising, and when onoe aba yraa up I should 

 know better what to do. 

 Just then a spasm of dismay seised me. Foster having given the signal, would naturally be waiting fcr me. What if, finding Idid not j'-in him, neshould oao ee? He was ara enoughto do it; and it he did, good by to all change of coming unawares upon my game below. It was icarcely likely my men had not noticed the noise I made in falling, but I could only hops the same idea had ocaurred to them as to the fellowB underneath-namely, that a rock had been dislodged from its bed. I felt thankfnl I had not oried put as I fell. Pro found stillness reigned, however, and I oon cluded that either Foster was showing a most unusual discietion, or that he had fallen in with Longmore or Peterson, both of whom knew better than to give any indication of their whereabouts. 

 A quarter of an hour passed, and the silver fringe on the cloud-bank grew more intensely brilliant, and at last a mapnifiuent full-orbed moon sailed majestically into the sky, shining with suoh radisnoe that one might have suppmed it to be day. I gawd about rae in astonishment. From the ledge on which-1 lay I eould see that I had fallen down one side of a groat chasm, a hundred feet wide, which apparently clove the Hill of Seven Trees in 

 two. 

 Having taken a broad survey of my position I began to examine the immediate vicinity. 1 found that I lay on a narrow out-jutting rook about six feet wide, down the sloping side of which I most inevitably have sliddenhad I not grasped the tree in time. Immediately below me was a, ledge about fourteen feet Song, and on this I at once ooneluded had stood the men whose voices I bad heard. But where were 

 they now 1 Thai was the puzzle. Just then I heard a carious sound, and oraned my neck over the rook as far as I oould. But its surface slanted sopoouliarlytbat still I oould see nothing but the ledge. Again the sound was repeated -this time an unmistakable snore. 

 "Ah, there they are," I said to myself; "sleeping the sleep of the just." Bub where? On the ledge, under the shelter of Ay rook 7 Or-ah 1 I had it. The truth flashed upon me in a moment. There was a cave or hole in the side of the gully, and they were in it. How oould I get down to the ledee T I leaped over still further. Yes, it oould be dime. It was only a drop of six feet or so, the tree grew out over the ledge, and if I swung on to that my feet would almost touch the rock. 

 At that moment, while my head still bung over the edge of the rook, there was a sudden movement beneath me, and a burty ruffian stepped on to the platform and stood in the clear moonlight looking about him. I am used to surprises, and I kept quiet, though my heart thumped so violently sgainst my ribs that it seemed to me he oould not fail to hear it. However, he stood still and made no sign. So olose was he that I oould have knocked off his cap by stretching out my arm. Had be looked up he moat have seen me; but he did not, and as I lay breathless, motionless, rigid as the rock upon whioh I was stretohed, I heard him soliloquize, " What's the use of keeping this confounded watch ? There's nobody round. I'm going to turn in 

 like the rest of 'em." 

 All the time I was rapidly forming a plan of action, while one band stole silently to my hip, where my second revolver reposed in ita case. Mv first had gone goodness knows where when I left the top of the hill behind me. Presently I had the weapon out, and extending my arm far over the edge of the rock I held it within a foot of the bushranger's head. He yawned and turned in his tracks to go back to the hole, and turning looked 

 straight down the gleaming barrel. It was all 

 over in an indescribably short space of time. Astounded at the unexpected eight, and anticipating nothing less than instant death, the man stepped baok wards meobanioally. One foot went over the ledge, and then throwing up his arms he fell"with a shrill shriek into the gloomy depths below. 

 I had not anticipated so sudden and terrible a result, but I had no time to take in the horror of it all. The situation was instinot 

 with danger, and I braced mysel/ to face it. So thrusting my revolver into my belt, I grasped the tree, swung myself silently down, and drawing again, stood prepared for what ever might follow. I stood on the platform about two feet from the month of a great hole in the mountain Bide, into which I could not see for a wall of rock which projected between me and it. But as I stood a voice came from within in sleepy tones, "What'a up, Bill? 

 Another rook?" 

 I did not answer, and the voice continued, " Bill 1 I say Bill!" Judging it unsafe to keep silenoe any longer, I answered in a gruff whisper, "Wot?" 

 "Did yer call?" 

 " No; it was a curlew," And fortunately the weird wailing soream of that bird rang out on the air as I spoke. 

 " That's all right, then," growled the voice, and silence fell onoe more. 

 I allowed a minute or two to elapse, and then wormed my way round the roclc and looked upon a strange soene. 

 In front of me was a vast hole, one of those natural excavations so common in the moun tains, a place altogether about the sizeof an nndi nary room, with a wide floor, and a roof sloping away to .a narrow ansle at the back. On the floor was a fire of logs, whteh had recently been replenished, and no doubt the smoke issuing from this hole, unobserved by the ruffians, had been that seen by us in the after noon. Two men lay on the ground, sleeping heavily and snoring loudly; while a third sat warming his hands over the blaze, his baok turned to the entrance, and evidently quite un suspicious. 

 I made up my mind at once, and strode into the cave without any attempt at oonoealment, for I felt that I had the game in my hands now. The fellow heard me coming, of oourse. " Hullo, Bill!" he granted without looking round. " Had enough watching? I told yer there was nothing up. Hev a sup of this and turn in." And he stretohed out his hand to a bottle, to which he had evidently been paying olose attention. "Take a sup afore yer lie down," he reiterated; and then, as he turned his head and saw me, " Why, what the ? 

 Here-wake up, Ned 1 Wake up Chicken I" he cried, and springing to his feet, he plucked his revolver from his belt. 

 "Throw up your bands 1" I shouted, cover 

 ing him. 

 For answer he rushed at me, firing as he name. His bullet grazed my cheek, ana I felt a sharp etinging pain, as if a red hot wire had been drawn across it. In another moment we should have been in grips, when I pulled the trigger. The ball took h<m squarely between the eye*, and he fell in a heap at my feet. Not a second elapsed before I bad my pistol pointed, 

 at the others. 

 " Throw up your bands!" I oried. " Throw 'em up-!" I repeated savagely, as one fellow's hand stole to bis belt. "Up with 'em, or I fire." 

 Tbey dared not resist, foe I had the drop on 

 them, and ftber knew it. 

 "Now, throw your barken on the ground and stand op." They did ao. "Now your knives. Eight. Kiolt them over hen." And at last they stood there, aa hangdog a oouple o 

 ruffians as yon would wiah to see, but defence 

 less. 

 " We're done this time, Obiaken," (aid Ned with an oath. 

 " Yes," 1 said, " you are; eo you'd best be quiet. Are there any mora of you about ?" 

 " No," grawied the Chicken. 

 "Where's Flower, then?'' I a&ed. 

 " Where you won't find him," aaid Ned. 

 "You keep a civil tongue in your head," I retorted. "Nod, yon pick np that bit of rope and tie the Chicken's hands behind his baak, and if you dob't get it done before I count ten I'll blow your ugly head off. Quick now." 

 _ With a savage snarl Ned obeyed; and as he tied the last knot I slipped a pair of handcuff! over his wrists before he had time to realize what I was about, whipped a turn of the rope around his waist; and then as the two of them broke into a torrent of fearful curses, I searched the uave thoroughly without finding anything for my pains. 

 " Shut up 1" I said, taking the slack end of the rope in my hand. " Keep your breath till you get to Sydney. You'll want it all then. And now, march. 

 " Whereto?" growled the front fellow. ' 

 " Down the gully. You lead me to the faae of the hill. And. mark me, if you attempt to play any tricks, you'll get amiqht; short ehrift. On you go." 

 They started in sullen silenoe, and once on the ledge outside, walked to the left, when hidden in the shadow of the great boulder, was 

 a narrow track. 

 " There ain't no way down aa I knows on," Baid the Obioken looking back. 

 "Then lead up to the top," I answered, "and we'll get down by the neck." 

 They went on, forcing their way through the shrubs and undergrowth, and clambering over rooka'aod fallen trees with a good deal of diffioulty in their helpless condition, while I followed behind like a slave-driver, only with something mucb jnore convincing than m whip in my hand. Just as we got to the top of the gully there was a sudden loud ooo-ee olose by. 

 " Foster at last," I thought. " Coo-ee I I shouted in return, and then, " Hurry up, boys, I've got 'em." 

 There was a cry of astonishment, and my men came running up together, all pressing round to shake me by the hand. 

 "Well, I'm blowed?" said Foster. "How did yon manage it? We had given you up for lost, as, after we struok the edge of the gully, we all agreed you must have fallen over." 

 " Well, and eo I did,"I answered oheerfully, "and that's the way I managed it." And I told them my etory. 

 " By gum!" eaid Foster again when I had finished, "if your luok isn't phenomenal 1" 

 " But, Tom," I interrupted, " what made you give the signal ?" 

 " I heard something," he replied; but it was only a ruck wallaby on the go." 

 *" A.b ! I thought as much," said I laughing. " Well, I forgive you any way, for unless you had booted I might never have had that lucky tumble into the gully." 

 " But didvou find anything ?" asked Long 

 more. 

 "Nothing," I answered. "I expect the hoard is somewhere else, and Flower and the others are alongside it. Isn't that so, 

 Chicken?" 

 But the Chicken preserved a disdainful 

 silenoe. 

 As we were talking we were standing within the circle of trees which gives the hill its name, and Peterson was leaning again*! the dead tree, standing on one of itB giant rootB. As he, was filling his pipe he dropped bis pouch, and uttered au exclamation of. surprise as he stooped to pick it up, 

 " What's wrong ?" we all enquired. 

 " Why, here's another of them," he answered, and held up a small nurget between bis finger 

 and thumb. 

 "Aha!" I said; "we are on a hot scent, boys. Search among the roots." 

 They did so without any result, while to all interrogation the two prisoners remained obsti nately silent. 

 "The tree is hollow," said Longmoreatla9t; "but there is no opening at the base. Per haps higher up" 

 " By Jove I you've struok it, Jaok," I cried. " I wondered all along what tbey wanted with all that rope. However, put the bracelets on the Chicken, and let us have the line here." 

 Foster very soon accomplished thW, and with the rope in my hand I turned to Peterson. " You are the lightest, Frank. Take a cast o;e> the first fork and shin up." 

 After a few unsuccessful attempts we got tha rope over the branoh, and a Blip-knot having bean made the loop was drawn taut. Peterson then took off his boots and swarmed up the rope, occasionally resting his feet against the trunk in the native fashion, and presently he was in thefork. 

 "Here you are, sergeant," he cried. " There's no mistake about it this time." 

 He was tugging away at something with all his might, 'and at last from a wide hole in the straight trunk above his head he wrenched out what looked like a bundle of old 

 raps. 

 "Stand from under!" he shouted, and cast the thing at our feet, swinging himself to the ground a moment later. It was an old flannel shirt tightly rolled up, and with the eleeves knotted round it for security. I untied them, and as the ends fell apart, the moonbeams psured a flood of radiance upon a g reat heap of nuguets and sold dust. 

 "Harrab !'. shouted my men; while Peter son exclaimed, "That's good enough for one haul. I should think." 

 " Bather," T said. "'There must be about a hundred ounces here. But this can't be all, the ' lucky five' had more than that by a good 

 deal." 

 "It's all you'll get," put in Ned, with an oath. "The rest of the swag is where you will never touch it." 

 " We'll not take your word for that, my man,"! replied. Nor did we; but, all the same, the most thorough search by daylight discovered nothing more; and at last we gave it up, and iogged off with our prisoners, well content with the result of our expedition so far as it went. 

 Ned and the Ohioken stood their trial, and went to their deaths without opening their lips about their fellows; and it was many a long day before we ran down Flower, though 

 we got hire at last. 

 -Okamhfrtt g Journal.