tales add sketches. "lii LUCK OF THE colors SEBPSHT." Br M. KB. H. Tkmnln tho vnlloy all wasstlll a sombrepurplo, but the glow of th0 rWn& sun j!rel>,t,lower n"d Sd farther In crimson- and gold: ovor tho E ramies. Tho big preoiproo scored peaks iiucht the first of tho morning light as they we sbovs their soft mantlo of clouds, whioh now orsin gentia retreat westward, leaving the ironderiui diuo saj <" — r- — delicht another day;, and thon the air— how intoxicating ItB dewy freshness was as tho soft Lew of dawn pressed lightly down on tho Eitarkling snow grasB and gay cverlestrngs of the "nlaina" ,, , I don't suppose Curly Sam, the paekor, saw things quite in this light ; but: any way ho bnawthathe bed had a good onmp.last night at the springs, and got o fino early start for the doss trip with hi» mob. The ssid mob being started down the track, sod his pipe iu good working order, Sam took to thinking of his old friend Sootty, who up to last sutcmn had lived in- a hut . on the Pannikin Creek. No one knew how long it was Biuoe tho old men hud settled thero, followed by a black- fellow end his gin, who stripped tho bark for ihc hut away book in the ranges, and carried it done to the orsok, pertly for pay and- partly- for affeotion. Kow and again thoy left him for a. while, .but alwsTi turned up in a month or two with all the aboriginal news of the dlstriot, and a new 'possum rug or some rook wallaby skins for thoir "master." Curly Sam was his only white frionil, but he was as good as 20 at a yam, end would reel off i rambling account of ell the importnnt things be bad bend of in his constant peregrinations. Tho host in his turn would rcoite wliolo cantos of Msrmion ond tho Lay of tho Last Slinstrol, a Uttered and much thumbed copy of Soott hsing his only literature. Ho kopt Sam with soond eyes by the hour. A good deal waB be yond hio comprohonsion, but the speaker's fire wss entrancing. Tho old man booame known as Scotty in the diatriot from bis pseuliarity and from his cross grained disposition, but Sam in his native politouoss always spoko to him as "Boss." At last old Mary died, was buried down by ihs creek, and truly mourned for somo time, ustil the dusky widowor would etay no longer, and wondered off to tho remnant of his tribe. Ouce when Sam came Sootty told him ho had tried lately to got away down tho country, but twice hod to como book. Luok wee against him still, he esid. . The next trip Sam made that way tho hut was empty, and no sign of its owssor any whero, Thut wss lust autumn, as I bavo said, aud now he uuekarrodo along at tho tail of hiB mob, tbioksng of hfa old friond, and tho wonderful ynsns ho used to tell him "about thosa chapa in Mmor." Over the Big Hill and down tho oool Bouth slope into the Pannikin Creek jogged tho mob, net at the dip down to the orossing thoir peaoo- i iff,,1?'0118 wel suddenly disturbed by a roar u fuem Sam bh he headed thorn sWloIiy up the creek towerde the hut. Blue smoke was ourling merrily from tho chimney. ' By jingo I the Boss must ho baok ; sell expect mo and tho mob to breakfast," Beid >.am to himself; driving the horses past with a crick of hia whip. A white cockntoo perohed !! o ?e?r "I0 doorway, raised its crest T? . j'1'"?. its wings at tho etrangors ae it .Come Blong Jack! Bless poor C«V wither, at vigor. f,». ,,001d a ')road shouldered young follow 5.?'; wi ' was greetod with " Hullo mate, i i tty muet be baok when I saw bii Sl61 neon herc lonK " And Sam throw "S.f '""t# pommel preparatory to a yarn. nnMtSr jW tho young fellow, mraumg (town Cooky's rufflod feathers. "I Ih. laJv, "00''lman at mother Hattam'a at Sf on the way up. Ho died a fow days hmin .r,lum for wlmt llttl0 1 Ji<1 for how If m t0 1orac "P here fossicking. I don't bisl B.1 01 Eod, hut thought I'd give it a iag,.; t""1 smo breakfast? I was just atart- if 1 do>" nnf Sam got off, "Pomnn o Ls on "10 firound. I liii .i? , ',' 8, lle'B Rons at last ; lio wnB omuky, though thoir's lug shout „ aU8P10!ona on him always mouoh- £nd muci, ' , e«lli«s and never seeming to One rirhi n, 08«'tho never got it neither, tu' tie oil f.nU® as ow thoy'd follow him, "«srmove(liiuiWaB up t, thoir dodges, and they wore nn away from, tho hut whilo out he did mi, ot(!e fairly etarved them ""iuueti ® me to paok thorn down to wes too .I: !' u Pteolous lot of now chums "upper, turd' woof" r "o.w asurcinglo from a s" dey is if I n r., vs tho hells ringing shoou a Chinamen." "Election of wJl1! sorrowfully over the tands, an j ha had' endured' at- their 'tiny oakts and . w"ili ?n'ion t> the haoon, «"ClW aSli",CoUea whioh hii "lrhnrn-f aaPP''cd htm. HwhrMU.r0 you' bound fir?" asked i ,"Ndlt:pym»boro." diJn't knW tUU 5's st tin- Lie6"' - ? Euoornlly out over tho : JfJ'ntb to the loft. .. T?rC' ,Aerkl"K bi» hand i x,u' 20 milo. h,,;;., . ft mnkcoadiffcrenoo of S ' '"oomo'un With 1 10U' on tho horses' I aat gee ; it'll takno " ,a tlllB wa,y" Butt ! and ono of .w 'T to Kot ov«r tho : ; at 'ho la,t for,?f . bones lamoil liirn- l kg , ' rueulor fool that hoss I i hceu piueshgcnUy on j0 his steed, who ! mo1'- wftii . v Jho '""t. and rounded fetUh' tlla' would imv„eyt juenphments end' saL f' w'io know terrifiod any horses inn? blustorine hlf ? id 'ump of good- li'!' toot) across tl.o t roul'y wnn. Hurl- T® 'o Jack, end (ti» ''o shouted "So 1 "htnlicd ldm onl?Clr0 - C.VOr tho ranS- ufor hi n 'bo hearth p. V?114,. kicked the Cl A work In, P'l'.6 sot OntBhr1uu«T?in,d,'P11Cd "ith a l0D8 :a'£wh£sa great epert with the great water lizards sunning themselves on tho rooks. Tho perty- spent the whole day oxploring tho gullies and rangea up to tho mountain side, and camped for dinnor under tho thick Biiado of somo light woods on tho margin of tho oroek. , Tho song of tho waters rose and foil as tho stream bubbled ovor tho rooks, and here and ' thcro paused to cool itsolf in tho siiedo of some great rook or overhanging shrubs. It re- ileoted tho sprightly blue warblors as thoy darted: about ovor its snrfaec, and rippled from tho dash of a gay kingfisher, rn the thick scrub across tho crook a whole choir of birds soemeil to bo competing ; musk crow, whip bird, thruslr and. laughing jackass, nit seemed to pub forth thoir ohoiocst offorta, whon the oonsoquon- tiel " Cliuok, oliuok " of a lyre bird betrayed- that ho was applauding his own efforts. Whereat Cooky gruffly rocommonded him to "shut up." Jack did not mnke much uso of his tools ; ho kept to tho main ridgoa and Btudied tho "lay " of tho country, whenever a oloaror and higher peak afforded a viow ovor a jumbled sea of jagged ranges, with a bigger dip and greener trees than usual to show whoro tho main oreok was. As the sun got lower they turned their faces homeward, Jaok romarking that tho old fellow's .rook didn't soom to bo on this sido of tho crock, and Cooky quite agreed. A bell wns tinkling up ons-of the side gullies, leading Jack to whoro his old groy horse stood at the foot of a preoipico, having explorod the gully to its.ond. He was unhobbled and ridden: homo, to begin afresh his daily strivings to find' a way out of this wilderness to tho fresh grass: and sensible level paddocks of ,his quondam! home. Day after day tho same, thing went on ;. the valley, as far as Jack knew, was fully explored, and he began to think that tho' secret the old- man had oonfided in him had had no other- foundation than in the 'fevered brain of- a, disappointed, miner. His: thought, was beooming: a conviction, when one day ho just by ohanoo stumbled on a gap in some sapling scrub, whioh: recnlled tho old man's w.ords. . ' " On a range leoding north there Is an avenue In the sorubiend a rook at tho ond of it.'' Hare was the- avenue indeed, wide enough for a carriago and pair, perfcotly walled in by sap ling Borub, and a thick oarpet. of turf under foot. ' - The avenuo followed the top of the range- for some distnnoo, and ended- aa old Sootty. had said, at a tall rook, rising out of somo ferns and small shrubs. . With a shout Jaok ran np to tho rook, feeling as if it might be a mirage after all, bat it was solidly convincing to tho touch, and' a oleft in the. north- Bide- tallied exactly; with what -was written in. feeblo,. oharaotera on a piece of ornmplod blue paper he, took from his poekot. "In December, ' it ran, "about . mid-day, tho sun sltineB into the oleft on tho north side of a rock at tho end of the avenue, on tho range rnn- ning.due north from the-head .of the- Pannikin Crook. Dig under the lotteraW.S." It wanted an hohr or so to noon, so Jaok sat down on a convenient rock and smoked reflect ively. As he sat and puffed the blue, wreaths into the air, the saene of the old man dying at tho bueh public house rose before his oyes; 'and a yoang'man (himself) doing what he could td mako things easier for hint at the last. " You're a good lad, end honest, end thore's nono of my own now, so I'll leuvo'It all to you;" Sootty had said, turning slowly and painfully towards tho littlo swinging window. " Look out there at that biggest mountain, Nigothoruk the blnolcs call it; there's gold thore— heaps of it, and otbor precious things besides. A blaok- fellow showed it to me ; ho and his gin found it when they wore after wombats. I got enough out to make mo rolling in riohos, and make up for the past— if it can be made np for. I thought I' might gethaok to my own people, but the luck's against it. "Most of thegold is in a reef, but ono nugget I found in a pothole on. tho tap of: a-boulderin tho oreek. It was lilea a serpent of gold; ooilod round a lump of quartz, with its head up to spring. Thero wore many queor shapes, but that was the queerest I over saw. When I had gob n good bag: full of gold I Btartsd down the country, but the floods worn up, aud I nearly got drowned. Crossing the big river it washed me hack on my own sido ngain and took away all but the gold tied round my waist. " Again I tried, but tho bush fires had mado the valley like a littlo hell, and drove me beak. Tho third timo my old horse slipped and rolled down a siding, breaking hia ncok, and not mine, worse luok ! "Gradually it got woven into my mind tliat the serpont had something to do with it, particu larly as it was always on tho top, nud. whenever I caught hold of the beg I folt the varmint's head. I might never have come away, but the hunger for my own people was on me, and I couldn't rest. So I loft tho gold there for some one who liae mora right, to bo luoky than I have." " But hist ! thoro's somo ono outside, they may bo listening.'" Jaok put his head out. of the window, but could see no one, though frdsh tobacoo amolro filled tho air. "Some ono walking past most likoly," he said. Bub tbo old man had tho window olosed, and went on in a whiapor. "Tho hut is on tho north branoh of tho : Pannikin Oreok, and up on tho saddle; betweon tho mountains and tho main ridge; I-pinnted the gold ; look in my pookot book anil you'll find, it all written down. You've no past to. rise up against you, you'ro young and strong, perhaps thosorpeut will bring yon different luok to m,Aday or twomoro and the old: man with: his unknown historv was buried on a- little riBO at tho baok of tho "hotel. Thero was nothing in Ilia pookot hook to tell aught about him, except his initials TV.. S. Jaok bed'- travelled up the road with a young follow on a goodilooking bay horse; A.stookman from the Upper Mitohell; ho said lie was, and gnve his nnme as Miok Harris. He wnitod for a day or two bsoause Jaok. would not loave the old man, entertaining Mother Hattam and hoc sons vastly by his tales of. the metropolis during Cup time; and the- evidently prominent position ho had taken when. Howevor, tho night tho old men died, Miok Baid tiro Bess would out up rusty if lie stayed any longor, and took himself off up the road, loaving Jack just es well pleased, for ho did not fanoy sharing, tho treasuroa of Pannikin Crook with a flash young fellow like Mick. Now, horo Jaok was at tlio rook, gazing W|th unseeing eyes Into the hozy distance, when witli a rush and a scramble a baudiooot darted round jtho rook, followed by the dogs in full cry. It whisked round, a fern end disappaarod into tlio cleft, leaving its pursuors, with panting udos and lolling tongues, to seek n fresh quarry, Tho waving forn, however, disolosed two very roughly out letters, whioh it had grown up to hido. In. a trice Jack seized. his shovel and dra- olosed tlio bandicoot's home. Thei dogs aoon finished him, whilo thoir mastor gloated ovor the obioot of hia softrch. An olu hilly, nisty and bat'torcd, but pleasantly honvy to lift out of its bed in tho oloffe Tho rusted lid was soon wrenched oil to show a wusb leather bag, which barely lasted as a oovering until Jaoks eager flhgor bad torn it away, Tho billy was three ports full of roagn nuggutB of all flhapoa and sizes, while on thotop ropoaed tho golden snako,. just as old Scotty .had.' dosoribod it — more lifoliko than Jaok could havo imagined. Round nnd round tho lumps of quartz wdnt tho coils, with its venomous head raised and flattened for notion, it looked like the work of somo oharm- maker of old. Besides the gold thore wnB a little paoket carefully tiod up in leather and n strip of greon hide. Jack's. curiosity soon had that off, and opened up a piece of old oalico on which was written, "This gold from a reef on tho south side of Nigothoruk, one mile south-east from herc." "So the old fellow knew what ho was about after all," said Jaok; " but this is enough forane day ; wo'H leave the reef for to-morrow," as lia put tho precious: piooo of rag. in hia pocket,, and mounting Cooky on his shovel,, sot off home wards with his troasure trove. How bright tho world soomcd 1 and. how tho siinsot mado tho old hills glow /again. Jack whiBtled as ho swung along, his: fancy -painting Bweot piotures of the future now that the long looked for fortuno was within his grasp. At tlio turn of tho oreek nhovo tho hut he stopped surprised there wob a' horse hnng up to the nail near the door, a bay-one too;'."Miok's horse by George !'' Smoke ro3e cheerfully from tho oliimney, nml Miolt's alight form learn against the door post. Wondering greatly how Miok oamo to he there whon ha should lravo been n hundred- miles away, Jaok oamo np to the hut; not over; happy to have his pleasant visions thnssuddonly dispelled. . You look a bit' surprised to aeo mo, mate!; don't oxpect muoh company in those parts ; but I was over this way arid thought I'd drop in just to ask if you had come across, any of-my old nnolo's gold that he - planted somewhere: about" . "IJ found some 'gold;' oe'rtainly," admitted! Jaok,, for the Borpcnt was staring at Mick' out of "the hilly; " but I'vo, yet to loam that: youfve any olaimion it- : If. old Seotty was your unolo, how is. it yon never, took any notioe of: 'him at Mother Hattam'a ?" . "He 'wouldn't take, any notice of mo, yon: mean, so I'll' trouble you for the gold, if you please," with the air of a. much wronged man. "-Don't be a fool, men, but come inside ;" and Jaok walked across to the firoplace to proparefor tea,' laying the billy on tho table as ho passed. Miok turned to. follow, when his eye caught Jaok's gun as it lonnt ready cooked against, a joist, where it- had been left that, morn ing in roadiness for a too friendly anako. In a moment,, onvy, hatred and malioo olaimcd Mick for their own. Ho seized the gun, raised it to his shoulder, hoaitatod, and then fired. ' The gun fell with a crash as hesnatohed the billy,, all: red bespattered, and rnshed from the hut. His liorss hung baok on his bridle, snort ing. Miok flung himsolf on anyhow, fumbling blindly at the stirrups with his feet as he galloped away cronching ovor his booty. The horse sheerod off at the foot of the Big Hill into en old oattio track, leading, did ho but know it, to a wilderness of soorched and barron defiles, where tho cicada shrieks its maddening song from dawn till dark, and' flies and all eroep- ing things reign Bupremo. It was moonlight when Jack oamo to him solf, feeling very queor, and wondering why ho could not. turn round in his bank. . His fingers touchod Homothing moist ; he hold them up, and bofora his hand fell feobly baok he saw it was dark with blood. Suddenly he remembered — Miok: had shot him ; there lay .the gun. on the table, and tho gold was gone. "How queor my head is;Iwondisr if ho's done for me. I'll rest a bit and then try again; The villain, I never felt quite sure of him. Old Sootty must have. been, right abont the.serpent, perhaps it'll finish' Miak; too.". Everything, grew dim, and it was darker still when he woke again and saw Cooky climbing down from the rafter, whither he had flotra in alarm at the shot. " That's right. Cooky,, como hero ond learn your, last lesson,. you'lL tell Sam when ho comss, won't you? don't let your old, mato die un avenged. Now say it Cooky, " Miok did it ; Miok did- it." And the bird, of tor pondering n while, echoed solemnly, " Miok did it," add ing " poor Jaok " of his own- accord. Jaok made liim repeat it neveral times end put out his hand to give Cooky a rewarding soratob, when lie foil baok with a groan on his bnnk. Tlio logs foil apart on tho hearth and sent a cloud, of sparkB up the ohimney. The fiiokoring flames lit up tho hut; shone on tho brown saddle and bridlo on their peg, and on tho old yellow newspaper piotures on the walls. As tho flame died down into tho white ashes tho bird tucked his head away in a snowy covering of feathers, muttering; his now phrase the while, "Miok did it, did.it." In tho groy dawn Cocky awoke, standing on tiptoo, flapped his wings and stretched tlio sloop out of his crost. Ho greeted the dogs with; "Miok did it," at the top of his- voice, as they oamo yawning and atretahing out: of the- wido firoplace,. With tho aid of'beak and' claws Cooky olimbsd np on to tlio bunk, entreating Jaok to " get poor oookio'a- breakfast.'" There was something np 'with: Jaok thia morning, bo lay so still oven, a gentlo nibble at. his fingers failed to rouse- him; and cookie's most vehement efforts only mado 'him half open and stupidly olosc his eyes ; again. ! Rinding his' usually ohoory' mato ao unrespon sive;. Cooky olimbod down; again; and with: bird - like philosophy . sot about getting, his- own broak- ifast, foraging witli his sharp bsak under the i wattle treos and' big. gum at the baok. His pro- Itraoted meal ovor, and when tliotrees threw a little shade lie rotircd to the henoh near the 'door, plumed himself and said all his vocabulary -over to the. dogs, who lay half in nt the door iwatohi'ng. their master with faithful, longing ioyoB! ! Suddenly Ben pricked- up; his ears; a- gentle :"thud,. thud," had' roaohedi -thorn.. Noareri.it oamo,. and tho genial kindly person ot. Curly Sam on his one eyed, bay oiimo round tho oorner. , "Hullo; Cooky; is the Boss in ?" Without' a' word the' bird olamborod down- and waddled - gravely insido and acroaa the. mud floor. " Good Lord ! what's this,?" Sam's oyos stared round with horror, and Ctfoky gavo his oxpinnn- .tion as ho mounted' tho bunk and nibbled' carcss- ingiy at Jaok's lingoes, A feint quivor told Sam that his- worst.fears were not true, and ho eat about with all tho medical skill ho posaeasod to bring Jaok baok to aoitsoiousnesa again and bind up his wounds. "'Miok did it!" Well; of all the smart' birds ! Miok Harris do you mean?' Them Harrises aro tho devil's own crowd; and' no misr take," was his ooinmont oil Cooky's communica tion. When his friend was fairly comfortahlo Sam bethought him of his mob— sure to be up to somokind of misohief if loft to tliomselvea. His riding liorso was standing faithfully near the- door, watohing with mournful oyos tiro last of his mates vanishing over tiro main ridge. Thoy were soon brought baolc,. and Sam, after, his fashion, imparted his plans to them as lie took off the saddles. "Thia moans ft spoil for you and mo. Hold up now, Bob ! Wo mustn't leave a mato in a hole. Wobaokthoro! Jessie, what aro you walking off for? Now thon,. Gipsy, old girl, thia'll give your sore baok a ohanoo. It's an ill wind that blows nowhere. Gome horo, Blinker, now for. your hobbles." And so on until tho whole: mob wore liecdcd up tho oroek;, paoh with, hobbles and bell, and. dis- information that tho road was biooked, and thoy d better .keep to tho blind gnllies,. or. he'd know the reaaon. why.. It was a bail oase, and- might have, ended dif ferently, had either patient or nurso known how sorioUB it roeliy was. . Every morning Sam made an: exoursion aftor liorscs, who had joined the old. flea bitten grey in his hopeless searoh fer n wayofesoapo; He oursed-them in general, and Miok - Harris; in particular, until his atoolr of profanity gave out ; and: -he roturncd to watch -his friend- -with womanly 'devotion,' and antioipate his eyory wish. . ., . ... .v, ,' v.J- : Jack's mind was. vory hazy;for a day or two.- He talkod. about liis bomo, and. balled' > Sam, by endearing ifaminine apitheti,. which caused that -worthy's face, to .glow witli' a. comprehensive smile,.'- v,V - ; i / ' Sam gained a very fair idea- about, the', golden scrpeut- and. its-, evil, influence/ from. Jaok's ravings. It Boomed, to be always :hafore ,himj threatening untold horrors. . . One evening tho pecker was feeling vory down nbout his patient, as. he sat on, a box smoking by tho;firo, when Jaok surprised, -him by . saying quite rationally " How blear the bells of St. Patrick's -sound to-night, there mustrbo anorth'wind— -.'/'W'iiyi Sa'th, old man,, oro you.hereogainiJ.'iLmadasviro 1 was in South Yarrn ; but there ape . bells- ringr iog,- aren't thoro?"'inn piteous tone,aslib -was not quite sure ofhis senses, ; / "Right yon are, mate;, they're bells sure enough, but they're round- tho- ; necks of myi mob-; darn|om, "they're trying to got: past, again. Here,: drink this, and. I'll, go- out end stop them." - Honest Sam tabbed, his : eyes hard with his tnuokica when lie got outside, anil then do, -livered his. soul in an address to hia horses, who. had come in tho most virtuous marinor to get a: drink at the oreek. ... ' Tho invalid soon mado rapid progress, and -got from Sam- en account of his illnoss, which was only oxtraotod by 'persistent questionings andi disregnrd' of his guileless efforts at deeeptibn and reiterations that he hadn't dono nothing' worth making, suoh a fuss about. Thoy also talkod'ovor old'Sootty's legaoy, and' made piano to go' to the reef as soon as ever Jackcould- crawlsofrir." As for Miok;- Sam would havo had- a hue and ary all'ovor the. district, for. liim, but Jeolc said, "No; he's got his oonsoienoe and the snake; either ought to be enough punishment for him.; Ho's hot likely to bother as again." , I "All the same," said the packer, with, what ho thought was- a murderous look, " just wait .till I, olap my eyes on him.!!' . , - At about the same time Tommy Fidler, the mailman, was pushing along over tho High Plains, meaning, to make Noon's Crossing at the Big River before dark. A row of tall poles, followed the traok aoross the open plains. ' Tommy noticed that a few were down, and made a mental' note to pnt them up next trip, for. in a fow months his life- would depend- on these poles to load him oyer the snow, often. 2 or 3 feet deop on tho traok. As- he neared tbe- timbor at tho edge of tho plain his horse neighed, and Tommy mado out the. dark shape of a man' on horseback waiting on the track. His practised eye took in the details at a, glanco. Horse tuoked up, hollow eyed and gaunt, with staring eoat and legs badly cat and bruised by rocks. Tho rider, listless and with olothes in ragB, matohed the steed. His nervous hnnds olutohod a swag that was strapped on the pommol as though it was his sole bopo of keep ing on. " Can you show mo the crossing ?" ho aBked. "I've boon bushed iu the turns of this con founded riVor for days, and' only hit this spur an hour or so ago." " By Goorge, you're Iuolcy," said the mailman, eyeing him well. "I never heard of any oue getting out of that shop alive before; it's about as rough as they mako 'em:;, you must keep your nag.up to my pace for tho crossing's nasty after dark, and I hear the river's up." There wasjust enough light to see by by the time they, had zig-zagged down to the bed of the river. Tommy thought the stranger's horso would have rolled over half a dozon times, he was so dead beat. HU, rider did. not seem to care where he wont,, bat gianoed behind him inoessantly and muttered under hiB brentli. " Seems a bit loony with being bushed," was Tommy's mental vsrdiot; "might have seon 50 ghosts by tho look of' him." From the - level' of the plains (he stream had lookod a mere rivulot, but down at the ford it was a different, thing. The usually olear waters were muddy and foam flsokcil with roaring, ovor tho boulders, grinding them together end snatohing mouthfuls from tho overhanging bonks. At'tho brink,, while- his- horse- sought ont a safe- starting point, Tommy turnod and gavo a fow words- of advice. "Kick your feot out of tho stirrups, and let your horse follow mine. Slind you keep- your eyes off tho water. I don't know as ever I've seen it as' high this time of tho yoar." The mailman's horse went calmly in, smelling at. tho rushing water, and boaring away first this way and. thon that, slipping and sprawling sometimes whero tlio boulders bad Bhifted, but always: keeping a sure foothold: It wns just touoh and go in tbo soour near the opposite bank, hut with a: gallant effort ho. carried his ridor out:- on to dry land onoo more. Tommy turned as he dropped his feotj to aeo how it had fared with the stranger. He stared and. rubbed, liis oyes; swore and looked again, noitlior up stream or down or on cither bank was a living oreaturo- but himself and bis horse. For: a/ moment he thougbt'ho saw a horse's head,, with- glaring,, terror, stricken oyos, rise above the. flood, and galloped towards it, but nothing could: come- alive out of those foaming rapids. Later an';- when/Tommy,, tho mailman, and Curly Sam mot and. helped- the gossip of tho dhc triotim its way, the packer heard all about tho mysterious: stranger who had gone- under: at Noon's.oroBslng last flood! " Blamed if I don't think sometimes, thero wea, nobody at- all ; but tho old horse always inoiglis at the plaoo whero we met them, and he knows as muoh as: a Christian. Don't you, old !boy ?" with a friendly slap on tho quarters. Sam.brought'.tho news baok to his friond and | partner in the rioh \\Y.. S.. reof.oirthe: sido of old Yigothorulr. Then thoy knew that tire ser- -pout had olaimed its- last vlotim;. and: had rs- ! turned: to tbo rivec whence it oamo.