i THE STORYTELLER. TO HIM THAT HATH NOT. LILIAN TURNER. There was a great March fly buzzing round the bedroom with deafening viva city, as if it were the personification of Longfellow's "Psalm of Life," and were bent on arousing the world to a senee of the necessity of making as much noise in its allotted time-space as possible. The sunshine hung heavy, yellow, and blinding, without the long window-blinds, but between it and the window came the width of the iron-roofed verandah. Two girls were sprawling on the bedroom floor in various st-ages of undress; a third was sitting industriously sewing at a mus lin blouse, her feet out of her slippers, seek ing coolness on the matting, her gown wide open at the neck, and her face somewhat pale from the stifled heat of the room. "It must be past blood heat now," said one of the girls on the floor groaningly. "It was 98deg. at 10 o'clock this morning and the wind's blazing now There was no wind at all this morning." "And the bush fires are just raging," said a little yellow-haired girl, raising her head TURNSTILES, M.C.C. RESERVE. from the floor, and applying her eye to a apace between the window-blind and win dow. "The world looks like Hades," she re marked authoritatively, "and-oh, good ness, here's a man." The sewer in the rocking-chair swung backwards and forwards lightly. "The sun must go down aome time," she said. "You've said that ever since we woke this morning," said her sister, who was installed in a peculiar position in the open fire place. "It ie my greatest consolation. Dear me, how sticky my hands are! Look how brown my pretty blouse is, Millie." Millie was the sister in the fireplace, and 'FOURTH TEST MATCH : TBUMBLE AND HILL (LEFTHANDER) Jt THE WICKETS, HILL CUTTING RICHARDSON she curled her lip without bestowing a glance on the blouse. "How you can sew at all I don't know," she said crossly. "I believe you don't feel the beat as much as we do. Could you sew, Nell?" The yellow-haired girl shook her head decidedly. "It's a little bit of show-off on Janet's part," she Baid. "I've noticed the last two heat-wave days she sewed harder than ever-as though she were a poor seam stress, in fact. The man's just gone to the front door. I can see a fragment of a pepper-and-salt-clad leg. Goodness, it's that Duncan M'Alister!" The girl in the rocking-chair swung back wards and forwards more rapidly, and her needle flew in and oat of her work as if warm, moist fingers had no part in the working of it. There was a warm glow in her cheeks now, and her lashes were fluttering nervously. "Mr. M'Alister!" she said, and tried to introduce an incredulous note into her voice. Her Bisters laughed at her in the most barefaced way. The small thing with the yellow hair fell into a series of giggles, pulling noisily at the cord of the blind. 'Tut on "our shoes," she said, "and fasten up your collar-and-stick another hairpin in your hair. You're a bit askew at your waist, that's all." "What a very mad young man this mad young man must be," said Millie, finding a new cool Bpot for her head on the iron at the back of the fireplace. "Ask him to take a seat in the cellar, Janet." "I believe Janet knew he was coming," said Nellie. "Honestly, now, didn't you Jane? Haven't you been expecting him?" Janet's fair face flushed indignantly. She had never found these school-girl sisters slow to accuse. "You know I didn't," she said hotly. "How could I know-I'm not a clairvoyant. One of you girls muit come in. The man's come a good two miles, and we must see him." She fastened her collar and waistband as she spoke, and smoothed down her crumpled muslin dress with hot fingers. "I'm not going to put on a starched dress for any man alive-least of all Duncan M'Alister," said Nellie, with a twitch at the blind, and she bad the satisfaction of bear ing her sentiments echoed by her sister in the fireplace. It was certainly a little conscience-strik ing to see Janet walk out of the room with that hurt look in her eves-anu to remember several small offices her hand had performed for them in spite of the heat and discom fort of the day. And ehe had aBked nothing of either of them-until now. "We should certainly be de trop," said Millie. "I believe he proposes to Janet every time he comes," whispered her sister, "lie thinks he'll <?et her in the end.'' "He little knows our Jane. And 1 rank Hammerton in the world, too. He's just dving with love for Janet. Won't you be glad when you have two men dying with love for you? It's about time you had now you're seventeen." "Wait till I've left school," said Nellie vigorously. "Well, Duncan M'Alister liked Janet when she was at school. Heigho! I hope when they come a-courting to me-one may be as rich as Frank Hammerton." "But I'd like someone as poor as Duncan, too!" Duncan M'Alister stood in the centre of the darkened drawingroom. Great beads of perspiration hung on his forehead, and as fast as ne mopped them off more came. His tall, gpunt figure was drawn to its full height, and his feet were pointing to the doorway as if he were merely waiting for the worn of dismissal to set out on his way again. Then Janet came in. Such a small, cool looking presence, with her great grey eyes, like nothing in the world bo much as the waters of a still, cool tarn. "How hot you must be!" she said in her soft way. And you are standing! No, don't sit there, take a cane chair. Those stuffy ones are unbearable in hot weather, aren t they? The girls are lyiDg on the matting in my bedroom, and praying for a southerly or a thunderstorm." Ine great fellow laughed. "I don't think it helps much to lie about," he said. "One may just as well bear up, and keep on with one's work." "Yjes-I remembered you said that," said Janet smiling, "and I've kept on with my work just the same." M'Aliater's eyes kindled suddenly. It made a wonderful difference to his rugged face, that eye-softening. "Because I said so,' he Baid. Then, all at once, he thrust out his bottom lip, and THE TOSS : TBOTT CALLING TO STODDABT. the old fighting look got back into bis eyes. "Well! well!" be said, with an ugly laugh, "I suppose one is as well working as loaiing. You should see Frank Hamuierton, now! By jove!" In some imperceptible way the girl's figure stiffened. "He's been over to Whegongbong this morning, riding the black mare. Just as I left to come here he was off to the ranges after some cattle ot old Hammerton'e. JNo joke on a heat-wave day, 1 can assure you." "I suppose not," said Janet drily. "He sent this book over to you," aaid Dun can. "It ought to be refreshing to sit here with the thermometer at fever beat or there abouts and read of Hansen freezing in the north. Oh, Hammertoe sends his compli ments-and-will you and your sisters ride with him and Miss Hammerton to-mor row?" . "It will be too hot," said Janet quickly. "Ob, if it is cooler, of course. And a change is predicted." "I daresay the girls will go," said Janet indifferently. "I shall be too umy." Duncan leaned towards her. "Do go!" he said earnestly. "Yv on't you?" The red dashed into the girl's cheeks, and her eyelashes fell. All the marks of de licious confusion were about her, even to the trembling of her small brown hands. The whole stoiy waa there, in her face; there, for anyone to read. "Are you going?' e*ie asked. M'-xiister laughed, and his eyes went roaming round the pretty drawingroom. "I?" he asked. "Oh, no. I've work on hand, and cannot afford to be frivolous. A young man on £150 a year. Miss Forbes, finds it pays belter to stick to his office stool than to ride across country for plea sure." "Um," said Janet dubiously. The story was fading away from her face. "I-I wonder you could spare time to come here." "I hardly could," replied M'Alister. "I wouldn't have come only for Hammerton -he was so eager about to-morrow. He wanted me to come last night-only I couldn't manage it." "Why didn't he come himself?" asked Janet sharply. "Hammerton's a queer fellow," said Dun can simply. "He-he thought you might not see nim-send one of your sisters, you know, and th&t sort of thing. I believe he thought an ambamdor might be luckier than himself." "I shall not go," said Janet tiredly. Duncan raised his eyes to ben, and kept them fixed steadily upon her pale young face. "Won't you reconsider that?" he asked. "You'd give pleasure all.round if you'd go." "Well I won't give pleasure all round," said Janet. "Do you wish I would off go» llis eyes moved shiftingly about the room. .1'es," he said. "You would like me to go?" "Yes," he said again. "Why?" "Because-because,' said the young man, "the Hammertons are first-rate people and-er-Alias iiammerton has made a point o! you going." "Then i'n go," said Janet sharply. It was Nell who saw her turn away from the hall door later. "That M'Alister has been pestering her with bis love again," she said. "He'll worry her into accepting-him yet."