THE STORYTELLER. 

 "WONDLEFORD MYSTERY." 

 By ETHEL MILLS 

 It was a coincidence, and a very curious one, which brought those two men together 

 at Wondleford. 

 Jim Banks used to say it was the "darnedest, rummest start" that ever he had come across. Jim was there, too, in the capacity of the necessary outsider, and it was through him the story became known, for Tony Blake, with his emotional Irish temperament, never cared to speak of that night's experience. 

 Tony had spent a night at Jim's father's station en route for one, two days' journey on, where a mob of cattle was awaiting him. Jim was anxious to go on the roads for a bit, and Tony was on the look-out for a man, so it was quickly arranged that the young fellow should go, and they made an early start next day, for the only good camping-ground with feed and water com- bined was a long forty miles away. 

 As they left the slip-rails of the home paddock a traveller, who had been camp- ing on the creek, hove in sight. He was a tall, black-bearded man, with curiously white hair, shabbily dressed, and with the shaking hand of an habitual drunkard. As he was evidently making for old Wondle- 

 ford crossing too, it was only natural that he should join the other horsemen. Three is not company, as a rule, but, as the stranger preferred to ride along in silence a pace or two behind Banks and Blake, they were undisturbed by his presence. 

 Blake had taken up a selection adjoining Jim's birthplace, and Jim had heard him spoken of as a mad Irishman, who sold his slection for a song, and made tracks for the old country, where it was generally understood that he found a fortune and spent it, turning up again years afterwards in Queensland on the droving tack, and bidding fair to stick to that particular line 

 for life. 

 After dinner they left the. grassy slopes and ring-barked paddocks of Banks's pro- 

 perty, and got in to a country of thick scrub and stony, barren ridges. Once they passed a hut in ruins, and then ran up against the remains of a kangaroo fence. 

 Tony followed the fence with his eye, as it sagged like a broken-backed snake across a dry swamp. 

 "What's come to Roper letting the fences get into this state?" he exclaimed. "It 

 was in good repair - bran new, in fact - when I saw it last. I'll speak about it to him myself to-night.'" 

 Jim turned in his saddle, and stared into Tony's handsome florid face. 

 "Speak to Roper to-night? Why, man, where have you been? Roper's been gone these ten years, and Wondleford deserted, Haw, haw; speak to Roper about his fences. Now that is good." 

 "Is that soi' said Tony. "Well, you see I never came up this way but once, and that's a matter of twelve years ago. Just when I was making tracks for the nearest railway station - a good three hundred miles further off than it is now, me boy. I never even got as far east as your father's place before, and for particular reasons I did not call in that time, but I remember the road all the same. So Roper is gone, and his pretty wife with him, I suppose? Ah, she was a jewel," and Tony sighed 

 retrospectively. 

 "Mrs. Roper!" cried Jim. "Gone; I should think she was, and a matter of two years before Roper went. By gum, Blake, did not you hear about her being mur- dered? It must have happened before you left. I was a nipper of ten at the time, but I remember how excited all the district was about it. You see it was never found out, and everyone used to feel a bit scarey for a time. There were no police nearer than Crow's Nest in those times, and just then they were after the chaps that stuck up the Crows Kest gold escort. Do you remem- 

 ber that?" 

 '"Oh, yes; it happened a week before I left. But I called in at Wondieford on New Year's Day. Mrs. Roper was at home, and right as could be; the prettiest, jolliest little woman I'd set eyes on for-many a day. I'd heard that Roper was as jealous as a man could be over her, and didn't encourage visitors, so I was just as glad he wasn't 

 there. Bad luck to those who harmed her, an' for what was it done, and what was Roper doing not to bring the murder- 

 ing rogues to justice." 

 "Oh, he couldn't do anything. They fired the house and burnt everything, but it was proved that she'd a bullet in her brain before she was burnt. There was another dead body, a man's found too; he had been shot as well. Some thought he was the murderer, and had shot himself in remorse, but it was impossible to find out. One of Roper's horses, saddled and bridled, was standing in the stable to com- plicate matters tnore." 

 "An' what was Roper doin' to leave such 

 a thing aloner?" 

 "Well, he had to go to an out-station with all hands to put out a bush fire and burn a boundary. He left a gin, who used 

 to cook for them, with her, but Mrs Roper took a fancy to get pie melons, and sent 

 the gin out to One Mile Creek to get 'em, 

 telling her to camp the night, and bring home some fish as well next morning. In- stead, of that the gin marched off to the out-station and hung about looking for melons there. The boss found her, and sent her straight back with a message to Mrs Roper, saying he'd rather she did not stop alone, but the gin was frightened Mrs. 

 Roper would be angry if she returned with- 

 out the melons, so camped on the creek, and didn't get home till late next day, to 

 find Wondleford burnt to the ground and the boss gone off for the police and for 

 help. He had got uneasy, and gone home 

 before daybreak - suspected the gin of tricks, 

 I suppose. It was night, of course, when he got to our place. I remember seeing him - 

 a tall chap with black hair and queer, deep- 

 set eyes. Mother said he was like a madman." "Then afterwards I use to hear 'em saying that he was drinking himself to death, and was letting Wonleford go to the dogs, and then he cleared out alto- gether, and no one knows what became of him, and fancy you never hearing about it. Why, man, where have you been?" Tony laughed. "Well, I was at sea a 

 week or so afterwards. Do you remember 

 the date at all, or about when it happened?" 

 "New Year's night," said Jim promptly. 

 And you say you saw her on New Year's Day. Didn't notice any strangers about, did you?" 

 "Yes - that is - no, of course, but it must have been the time, because the gin was away, and Mrs. Roper got us some lunch herself. Poor little woman; poor pretty little thing." 

 Jim looked at him with bright, un- 

 sympathetic eyes. "Why, you only saw her, once," he said. "Anyway no one ever found out; a murderer isn't always dis- covered, you see." 

 "No, my lad, not when that murder was an act of justice, an eye for an eye, a soul for a soul, a----" 

 "What's up with you," said Jim, inter- rupting the rapid utterance of the stranger, who had abruptly broken in upon his re- cital. "What do you know about it?" 

 "Nothing," said the man sullenly, drop- ping back a pace or two to his original posi- tion. "Only I've known murders that were justice and that's the reason they're never found out. So put that in your pipe and smoke it, youngster." 

 Jim resented being called youngster above all things, and answered accordingly, but the black-bearded man was evidently not listening. Tony gave a sham look at the vacant, deep-set eyes, and nudged Jim, tap- ping his forehead significantly. "The man's a bit of a pea-eater," he said, and Jim's wounded vanity was appeased. 

 He had more to tell yet, and returned to the murder theme, asking Tony if he was afraid of ghosts. 

 "Not afraid of 'em," said Tony. But why do you ask; does the poor little woman walk?" 

 "Not that I know of, only that's a yarn that travellers sometimes see the homestead just as it was before it was burnt. I've never camped here myself, but we may see it. Hope we do." A wish the Irishman] did not echo. 

 A black thunder cloud was shadowing the west as the sun went down, but Wondle 

 Creek, clattering and sighing over the stones, told them the journey was ended, and the travellers made for the grassy plateau on the ridge, strange to say, the black- 

 bearded man leading as straight as a pointer on the scent. He set about making a fire at once, and seemed inclined to do all the work, leaving the other two to stroll about and cut a few bushes for beds. 

 "The station ought to be down here," said Blake. "If that storm comes on it would be as well to have a roof over us. I sup- pose there's an outhouse or two standing." "Not a skillion even," said Jim. "It was only a small place, mostly under one roof and the few outhouses soon fell to pieces. "Father was past a year ago, and he 

 said --" 

 "You young rascal, what's been your game. It's meself would like .to know?" 

 Blake had pushed through a screen of saplings and was gazing downwards. "Well, what do you call that?" he added. 

 Young Jim looked curiously across the little plain, through which Wondle Creek 

 twisted like a silver ribbon. 

 "Rum - very rum," he said after a 

 pause. 

 Words which did not at all suit as de- scriptive of the scene before them. Dusk was already falling, but the long, low shingle roof and the two tall chimneys of Wondleford-house could be plainly seen 

 through the garden trees. Even the rails of the stockyard and the bark outbuildings were distinct enough, and a pretty picture it made against another green slope crowned with thick scrub as background. 

 As the men watched in surprised silence 

 a moment a big chestnut stallion dashed out of the shadow of the garden trees followed by a troop of long-maned, flowing- tailed horses, and the thunder of their gal- loping hoofs brought Jim to himself. 

 "Brumbies," he said, briefly; '"and brum- hies don't flit in and out of gardens like tame birds. There's no house there." 

 "Will you bet?*' said Blake. 

 "A quid," answered Jim. "But you're a fool to do it. Look at 'em tearin back again. If you watch you'll see' em going up the hill to the scrub; through the hall 

 door, I suppose," this with sarcasm. 

 Sure enough, when the wild horses had finished drinking they made straight back, and went apparently through the garden - if not the house - but impetuous Blake was already down the ridge, and seeking for a crossing-place at the creek, before Jim could show a larger scorn. 

 The Irishman crossed on a fallen log, and ran quickly towards the garden. It was 

 growing dark very quickly, and there seemed to be no fences to bar his progress. A tangle of creeper stretching from a pine tree to a rose bush caused him to turn a 

 little. The place was neglected certainly, 

 scrub, oak, and other saplings springing up everywhere. Then he came across a knotted and twisted apple tree close against 

 a charred and blackened post. Surely he remembered that there used to be a slip of an apple tree against the back door? Mrs. Roper had told him to be careful not to let his horse near it that day; but some- 

 how he had missed the house, and was out on the slope at the back, but there was the tall chimney and the shingle roof in front of him again. Once more he plunged into the shadowy garden; once wore he 

 struck the charred posts and the deformed apple tree; but, not to be beaten, he tramped about in all directions, finding no- thing, however, and, thoroughly mystified, made the best of his way back to the camp and the triumphant Jim. 

 "Father would call it an optical illusion," said that worthy; "but I don't believe in meddling with that sort of thing. Cheer up; you've not the first that's been fooled. 

 I'd like to send old sulky-face to look at it, 

 only the sight would probably send him off his dot altogether, and we don't want to camp with a lunatic. Come and have your tea." 

 After it was over "sulky-face", as Jim had christened the stranger, rolled himself in his blankets, and apparently fell asleep. Blake and Banks smoked and talked a little longer, and the former grew communicative. 

 "Fact is, Banks," he said, "it did give 

 me a turn to hear your yarn t;o-day. I've good reason to think I know whose that other body was, and he was a friend of mine. I might as well tell you the yarn, for it can't affect anyone now and I don t know any more than you do who the mur- derer was." 

 "Oh! there was someone with you then?" said Jim. "I thought as much." 

 "Yes, it was young Walter Benham - a ne'er-do-well brother of Mrs. Roper. He came to me the night before I was starting east. He had saved my life from the blacks once, and I owed him a good turn. He was 

 in the gold escort affair, more by ill-luck than any premeditated mischief, but he was wanted, of course, and had no way of get- 

 ting a horse. He had written to his sister, telling her all, and asking her to get him a 

 mount. Roper didn't approve of him, and so she was to keep it as dark as she could. I let him ride my pack mare, and disguised 

 him a bit, and we made tracks for Wondle- ford, and by looking out well never met a soul. Naturally, as Benham had put me 

 in an awkward position rather, I was anxious to get away as soon as I could be- fore the police came this way, so I only stayed an hour at Roper's, and pushed on, leaving Benham to get away, after dark, which I always snppoeed he did, for he had plenty of money and meant to get off to America if possible. Now it seems to me that he snared his sister's fate, be- cause the saddled horse must have been his. I wonder if he was followed by some of the gang, and shot for fear he should inform; but then why was she murdered too? By George, he was a handsome lad, like her, but fair as she was dark, and I never saw two so fond of one another." 

 "Well," said Jim, slowly, "I don't know, but I think you should tell the police what you know. It's very likely the murder was committed by sorne of the escort robbers, 

 and--" 

 "My God! Her brother! Her brother!" 

 Both Blake and Banks started, and sprang to their feet, for the stranger was standing close to them. 

 "What on earth's up with you now," said Jim. "Can't you sleep without having nightmare?" 

 "Can you swear that on New Year's Day twelve years ago you left Mary Roper's brother with her at Wondleford - a brother she was fond of, whom she would kiss and caress and cry over? Can you swear, man - are you sure?" 

 As the stranger spoke he seized Blake's shoulder, and drew him round, so that he 

 could look with his burning eyes straight 

 into the Irishman's face. 

 "Sure, of course I'm sure. I knew Walter Benham as well as I know myself at one time; but what the devil has it got to do with you?" 

 "I was Mary Roper's husband - that is all," said the man, loosening his grasp of the other's shoulder, and in the surprised si- lence which followed he turned and rushed away into the darkness. 

 "Well, I'm sugared!" said Jim Banks, "Fancv that pea-eater being Roper! But I swear I belteve he's telling truth. Twelve yeans' drink and a beard alter a man, but those queer eyes reminded me of some thing. It's him, right enough." 

 "Poor chap!" said Blake. "I must go 

 after him. The storm will be on us in a minute. You give the tent pegs an extra 

 drive, and I'll fetch him. I'm willing to tell anrthing I know -- Why, what's 

 that?" 

 A red glare in the western sky made them turn and run to the edge of the ridge. The stranger was standing, looking down- 

 wards, close to the screen of saplings, "Look!"' he shouted wildly. "Look! False wife and broken vows. It was jus- tice, only justice - and they bum in hell! Look!" 

 "Mad as a hatter," began Banks in an 

 undertone, and then he stopped, open- 

 mouthed, for the little creek was reflecting flames, and tongues of fire shot up above the trees, plainly showing against the shingle roof of the house on the plain. There was no mistake of the case [?] A house was on fire and there might be human be- ings in peril. 

 "Come along!" shoulded Black, and he 

 sprang down the little slope towards the creek. With a cry, the stranger followed, and outstripped him. Jim, more cautious, 

 took his time. It was pitch dark this side of the creek, and the glare of the fire daz- 

 zled his eyes. A peal of deafening thun- der and a jagged flash of lightning added further to the disorder of the scene. "Hi! Roper!" he shouted. "Not so fast; you know the lay of the country better than we do." 

 Roper stopped for a moment on the bank of the creek. "I cannot stop,'' he shouted. 

 "'Blood for blood!' don't you hear them 

 calling?" 

 A minute afterwards Tony and Jim had 

 waded through the shallow waters, and rushed towards the burning house. They l were only a few paces behind Roper, and 

 both declared afterwards that they plainly saw the red-hot roof fall inwards, just as Roper with a wild cry of "Blood for blood!" sprang in at the open doorway. A fearful crash of thunder and a strange 

 shock deafened and stunned their senses 

 at the moment, and a blinding torrent of rain hid house and garden from their sight, or so it seemed, for when Blake, who had been nearest to the burning building, recovered himself, Jim Banks was half- carrying, half-dragging him towards the 

 creek, and utter darkness reigned. 

 "Roper - the house - the fire!" he gasped. 

 "There's no house and no fire," cried Jim, "nothing but an apple tree in smithereens. I'm off that lot. Roper can take care of himself. Anyway, you don't catch me hunting lunatics through houses that ain't houses any more." 

 Half-stunned as he was, Blake allowed himself to be led back to the camp, and when the fury of the storm abated, with daylight, he went down with Jim to look for traces of the madman. Perhaps he had got into the scrub, with his wild fan- 

 cies and poor tortured brain. Had they all been more or less demented the night before, for in the clear light of morning neither from the ridge nor anywhere else could a trace of the haunted station be seen? The creek babbled over thv stones, the birds sang merrily among the trees of 

 the old garden surrounding the few charred posts of the long-ruined homestead, and the sun sent bright shafts of light every- where. 

 "Lightning!" said Jim, briefly, pointing to the splintered trunk of the apple tree. "Lucky for us we were out of its reach. Good God! here's Roper!" 

 Face downwards amongst the crumbling soil lay the blackened, singed body of a man, perhaps where twelve years ago those 

 other two chaired bodies had lain, on the hearthstone of the home, destroyed by his own hand. For, somehow, the truth came with a flash to both the men standing there, and they saw as in a dream the ar- rival of the maddened, jealous husband, the loving parting of the brother and sister, the stealthy figure, wild with hate and pas- sion, and the eves burning with the light of madness. ThatRoper had shot his wife and the lad with tier, and in his frenzy had set fire to the house, they had no doubt. The final act of the tragedy, Roper's strange death, after his late discovery of his wife's innocencc, they, did not try to understand. It was only, as Jim Banks said, "the rummest start he'd ever come across, anyhow." 

 After the police had been informed, Ro- per's remains were, interred by the creek, close to two other grassy mounds. Wondlefor'd was quite an important place in the scantily settled district for a time, 

 and several people interested in such thingsjLttd sev camped for a week on the ridge, in hopes 

 of seeing the shingle roof and tall chimney- stack amongst the clump of trees on the plain, but from the night of Tony Blake's and Jim Banks's weird experience I have 

 never heard that it was seen again.