Tlie Pioneers of Our 

 Hinterland. 

 A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN HISTORY 

 OF THE COMMONWEALTH. 

 By F. E. Lockwood. 

 CHAPTER III. 

 Continued. 

 "We shall never catch our horses again," exclaimed Attenbrough. "They 

 may take themselves off with this lot, and a fine fix we shall be in. I'll give this leader a few shots," and suiting the action to the word, he fired at the stal- lion. The horse reared, and followed by the rest, galloped furiously into the 

 scrub. 

 They heard the stampede for some time, and to their great joy found their own horses feeding quietly not far off. The animals had evidently found water. Not caring to camp there another night, they decided to follow their tracks back to the water supply. Another start was made, and as they rode silently along, the responsibility of their work as pion- eers pressed upon them. They did not reach the water that night, but they kept well on the tracks and enjoyed a good nights sleep. The next morning low green rises dotted with swamp wattle came into view. The sheoak became more plentiful ; its lower branches eaten by the wild horses. Surface water lay everywhere, and thousands of birds found there food supply here. The kan- garoo was to be seen frequently. The place seemed to be very suitable for a settlement. To save their tinned meats they shot down game. As they pro- ceeded, the country began to change ; mulga and dwarf scrub mallee was seen and lizards and caterpillars of endless variety and hideousness on every bush. The dray bumped over stones and fallen trees, for everywhere there were signs of bush fires. The water supply was gone and their horses began to flag, but rain came, and they all felt stimulated by it. On through a roadless and uneven land till suddenly there was a break and a high round hill rose abruptly be- fore them. Its top appeared to be a crown of granite. Making for the hill they came on a country of dwarf banksia or bottle brush, both red and yellow, and the crooked, spikey native honeysuckle, with its enormous, knob-like nuts, hard as iron, enjoyed so much by the great black cockatoo (the only bird that can open the nut). Then acres worrying the horses legs. Suddenly they reached a little flat, and to their astonishment saw a black boy on horseback driving some sheep. The boy was as surprised as they, and answered to their cooee. 

 "Where do you live?" they asked. 

 "Me sit down 'long Mr. Winstanly. You mucka bring along dray this road ; too much big one scrub ; you go 'long there, come along paddock fence." 

 Taking the direction indicated, they 

 soon came on a track and saw the wire 

 fence, evidently the property of a squatter, for it was sheep-proof.