The Pioneers of Our 

 Hinterland. 

 A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN HISTORY 

 OF THE COMMONWEALTH. 

 By F. E. Lockwood. 

 CHAPTER IX. 

 Continued. 

 Building, fencing, and ploughing now commenced. The lambing was good, and there was plenty of grass. After so many bush fires the fine soft feed made it look more like an English meadow than an Australian paddock. Dr. Drummond's love for Nature showed itself on every hand. His apartments were a museum. Birds and beasts came at his call and fed from his hand. "Bottle Brush" was a great favourite, in his red flannel shirt and slippers, a clean face, and combed hair. The cocka- toos called everybody by name. Mag- gie, the queen of mischief, was a prin cess among the lot. Driving in a flock before ber, she would say, "Go on, now, go on ; all you go on." A hawk car- ried her away once, but high in the air she screamed a loud cooee and was dropped at the doctor's feet. He picked her up and she recovered in a few min- utes and called out, " et the gun ; get the gun." 

 A wet afternoon brought the station hands early to the kitchen for shelter. Some sat inside mending harness ; one read a bit from an old newspaper ; a few were playing cards on the kitchen table ; when two natives wrapped in wallaby rugs stood in the door way. All the dogs rushed at them, but were made to retire, and the natives signalled that they had something sewn up in the corner of a rug for the master. Taking the parcel out it proved to be a letter ad- ressed to Messrs. Attenbrough & Drummond. It brought the news that the police when they went back gave such a flourishing account of the coun- try that two gentlemen must needs start driving a four-in-hand to look out a run near by. They came to Mt. Yatna, and Winstanly saw them well on their way, but they had gone astray, and finding "Utalta" with the label on him they wrote the letter as they could not per- suade the natives to bring them on. Their horses were gone away and they were out of provisions. 

 Horses were soon harnessed, and with a supply of provisions, though the na- tives refused to go, the two leaders set out to find the lost ones. They travelled till dark and then camped ; through another day and again camped. Then the guides made signs that they were 

 near their tribe. Calls and cooees were heard and answered. 

 "Utalta " marched up to Mr. Atten- brough, and smiling, took him by the 

 hand and patted his shoulder. 

 "Thank God you have come," said Mr. Stevenson. (It was father and son who had taken the unfortunate 

 journey). "I don't know where the horses have gone." 

 The natives were sent to track them, and next day the animals were brought in fresh and full. 

 "Now, Mr. Stevenson," said the doc- tor, "what did you come to do?" 

 "I came to look for a suitable sheep run for a son of mine. He has had a good education and been in society for a time. I don't want him to be near a settlement. He might make a mesal- 

 liance with some bush girl. I myself would never dream of living up here. I have shares in the Broken Hill silver mines, some blocks in Rundle-street, and shares in several Banks. One son is a minister, another a doctor, and a third a lawyer; but this youngest must make his fortune by sheep. If I can select a suitable place I will build him houses and send him stock; but he must live on the place. I can't have him in town spending a fortune." 

 The company returned, and drove into "Tindora" with no little pride, seeing the surprise expressed on Mr. Steven- son's face at the completeness of the station arrangements. 

 "Brushee" rushed to meet the doc- tor with a bag of iguana egg that he had dug out of a termit's nest. 

 When they were all dressed at a great dinner the cook had provided a very gentlemanly party they looked, and, the spread was equal to any in the best restaurant. Just beginning to taste Mt. Yatna wine when in rushed "Brushee." 

 "Natives about for certain" ex- claimed Attenbrough. 

 "Utalta" had come to see them, but though smiling at Attenbrough, when his eye fell on Brushee it was the look of a demon. The doctor made signs that the boy belonged to him. A lengthy conversation among the natives followed, but no white man understood. 

 "Milmilty" arrived from Mount Yatna to learn news of the Stevensons. 

 "Will you teach me the native lan- guage," Milmilty," asked the doctor. "What do they call the sun?" 

 "Tindo," said the youth. 

 "Here's some money for you." 

 "Me no want him money," said Mil- milty. "You give me white shirt and 

 pugaree. 

 "Alright! now fetch me "Bottle- 

 brush." 

 "He mucka come." 

 "Nonsense ! take him up in your arms and bring him to me." 

 Milmilty never moved. 

 "Why don't you like him." 

 "Him got no father, Pocumbidnies been get him, that one." 

 "Milmilty, this is all folly. Spirits if they are here can't hurt me nor you. Bring the child to me. I find his name 

 'Pulee.' Does he belong to the natives here?" 

 "Youree, his mother, ran away with a Koulkather man, and when this boy was young they caught her and nearly killed her. She got away in scrub ; tumbled 

 down ; you find him boy ; if that woman strong she kill boy ; she cant ; so you get him ; he all right now, but these fellows catch him, very soon. Pulee plenty know, so plenty frightened; he want stop with you ; he no want go along mother." 

 The case was clear now. The child must die ; his mother in the spirit world wanted him with her, and would not be content. The custom of her tribe not being complied with, she would haunt and injure them, until this wrong had been righted. 

 The Dr. was beginning to under- stand the ways and customs of the wild children of the land, and acquired their speech very rapidly, and found them in- telligent and quick at coining new words. Their language was so full of 

 soft vowel sounds. 

 The elder Stevenson returned to town, leaving his son the guest of Mr Attenbrough to, be initiated into a bush man's life. He was supposed to lend a helping hand on the station, but spent his time in lounging about or teasing the native girls at the camp. He got a black boy to show him the way to Mt. Yatna, to the annoyance of the doctor, who had developed a great admiration for Elsie. She was a fine girl for her age, without affectation, not spoilt by fashion, educated enough for all pur- poses, and of good womanhood. The natives with one exception would do anything for her. Karobie, a halfcaste beauty, was jealous of the golden hair and white skin, and never failed to tell the tale of any fault. 

 Hitherto Elsie "Had blushed un- seen, and lent her sweetness to the desert air," but now the occupying of the country would mean that she must come into touch with town thoughts and society people, and the strength of her 

 character would be tested. 

 So Stevenson reached Mount Yatna, and made himself at home, amusing himself with Elsie, riding out with the young men, and making friends with the natives. Vile, though he was, Elsie bore a lily in her hand, the gates of brass could not withstand, and so to her he never allowed his inner self to be seen, and in the after years she never could conceive his depravity. 

 Work went on heartily at "Tindora," Every day saw an improvement, and soon the family would arrive. 

 One day "Bottle Brush" came rushing in, crying "blackfellow," but not one could be seen about. The next day the boy was gone, and not a track or trace of him could be found. A small red shirt was thrown down by the house, but all search proved in vain.