FROM DARK TO DAWN, A BACK BLOCK ROMANCE. BY COODWIN BAKER. CHAPTER XXVI.-(Continued.) Oh, wretched maze of misery -.the tangled web seemed to close in all their ives-yet, in Xellie's heart, still linger ed hope-hope that he still lived-hope, that in some way, the clouds might lift As much as possible, she put the whole of her past out of her thoughts, and tried to live only in the busy present. It was fortunate. for her, that it was so busy, so full of novelty, and a deep and stirr ing excitement. She had arrived at the hospital late one evening, and had gone on duty at six on the following morning. From a silent corridor, she had stepped t-aight into a scene of bustle, for in the quiet wards are moments of bustle, brisk ness, feverish energy. rnfortunately for the patient, these are (and most inevitably must always be) in the early morning hours. Then must the beds be made, the hot faces bathed. wounds dressed, poultices applied. wards swept, and order (which during the night has somewhat lapsed), he violently restored. To Nellie, the practice of rousing pa tients. who had been restless all night, from the sound sleep Of exhaustion, seemed little short of barbarous. But soon she saw that, apparently, this harsh practice was one which, in the nature of things, must endure ; and which-in the hands of tender and tact ful woman-lost half its undesirabs't,.: Itefore this dawned upon her, how o.r, she had expressed her objection to the custom. very forcibly, to the head nurse of h.r ward. Nurse Grimstone. "Lrd bless me," said that official, in reply. "when would you have the clean ig done, then?" -Well. couldn't it be done at intervals all day?" hazarded Nellie. The old nurse laughed outright "You remihd me of them folks as is always a-writing to the newspapers about things they don't understand, to tell them as do how best to manage," she said. "No. my dear. when you've been here a:nother month, you'll see that clcanine that ain't done afore nine in the :orning. ain't never done at all." "P'ut why no:?" argued Nellie. "Well. I'll tell you for why," went on Nurse. " you'll agree as it wouldn't be pleasant for a doctor to have the tloors a-bein' scrubbed, while he's listening, maybe. to the lungs of a pneumonia Eace, or got the stethoscope to a heart disea.e-or-" " Oh, no. of course not," Interrupted the girl. " when the doctors come into the ward. then all cleaning should cease for dthe time. But when they leave--" "And when's that ?" asked Nurse firimstone. with an accent worthy of her name. "Ain't honoraries dropping in all day, and when they don't come, there's the visitors. And, gracious me, you. don't want tus to live in a muddle from morning to night, never knowing when our words are clean and finished with." " No," sighed the depressed proba tioner, " I see the actual cleaning and scrubbing must be done early. But the netting of the patients out of bed to have it made. oh, so often long before seven-lt seems to me simply barbar ts." "Now, lookee here," Nurse cleared her throat. "you've touched upon what's often worritted me a lot, though they do sa. I've got as hard as nails, being so many years in the wards. But what frenoticed is this--the best sleep many. aiknts get is after their beds are made, and they're tidied up. It seems to re fresh them; and they turn over and sleep through all the bustle and noise as they haven't been able'to in the quiet of the night." "They may occasionally," agreed Nel lie. "still I can't help it-it went to my very heart to get that poor old woman -ith bronchitis out of her warm bed at fve minutes to seven this miserable, wet morning. She begged so hard to be left alone." 'Stuff, said Nurse, snappishly, "and if you'd wanted to do it at ], in the middle of the day. she'd have begged just as hard to b.e let be. There's plenty of folks who'd lie in their beds from week's end to week's end, and never want them made. But I mind me of a doctor, who ttVe me a good bit of advice, when I ft,: came here. 'Nurse,' says he (them's his very words), 'there's one thing as 'ell often-times do more to pull round a bad case than anything else-dnd that s cleanliness. Clean linen.' says he, 'and dsan water. 'ull fetch round what dirt and physic will lose.' Them's his very m'otd. d. my dear, and I've never forgot thtm ." -elie laughed. il." she said, "I'm not convinced." "nd," went onNurse, "there's ways ad cas of tidying up the patlent.'They t got out gentle - like and on to tfer, and wrapped up careful in klr.k.ts, and then back again quick, be Sthey ve hardly been touched. If Sare codd. well-a drop of coffee al Snomforts them, or a drink of hot -. nd as for washing their 'ands v::a-you wait till you hear Dr. s:y give his lecture on the pores of t-5in, and you'll soon understand the ";rance of washing, and of doing it t. to sick folk. t In big places, like ?t- hospital, there must be special is foLr doing everytlhing, or else half reet, important things would get �'? altogether." Thhere ought to be some remedy," 3tOc -eilie. still unconvinced. (She " biing one still, but no practical so o1n of the dificulty offers itself.) Prar,. tiere ought ter be," assented rSe, 'but-". . Oere ths resident surgeon entered, and tO? tore for the regulation Ink bottle Sto el, leaving Nellie to see that as and dressings were ready to hand. E nade many mistakes about this, Yt oung awas very lenient to her, Sreadily rectified her errors. eWas a young and susceptible man., huto Ithe beautiful much is fotgiven" 'teaverage house surgeon., Ton are beginning to like the life, n he asked to-day, looking With i mdlratlon at the sw'eet-faced wa ht In her piretty uniform of navy asint, with the dainty cap, and o hr~ apron, and the red cross badge Oh arm, she made a pretty picture.: ;f ,"es. she answered, and when he ti eward she lapsed into a brief re io Lke?, that was hardly the word eress what she felt. All day long E arot5nothing but suffering and mls anlnd her.y And such suffering, tho shbuld I be happy?"' she Bolnow: "why should I expect to hl, flThemajority of these patients lhldy1 the 'Alfred'--to judge from the in my w'ard, have hardly ever wen o days' consecutive happiness, al their lives--they have wanted S~ gled, struggled and wanted lii tO the end." Tcharwomen--rough maids of all ~ie~ erworked, underpaid factory irn-out mothers-ill-used wives "iiorse still, waifs and strays of dtIon-these were her patients, In their sordid, unlovely lives she ae a ray of golden sunlight ter knew it-perhaps in the life (183; 

 hereafter she may-but many a fever tossed creature, Opening wild, delirious eyes, and seeing then her-pale, purbdface beliding over the little fron bedstead, Paused in their raving, as at the vision of an angel, and, in that pause, the throbbing'fever lost some of its heat; the wild brain some of its madness. "That patient in No. 7 is unmanage able. She won't keep still." Send Nurse Nellie. *And Nellie's 'gentle--There, there now be quiet, dear; let me give you this nice cool drink-it will make you better," seldom lost its effect. - Then, too, she could coax the most ob stinate convalescent case to obedience to the rules--could rouse and cheer the most despondent invalid-could infuse hope and courage where a difficult and doubtful operation had to be 'per formed, and was, generally speiaking, "a ministering angel." Exactly a week after Nellie 's entry into the hospital, Beatrice Hamilton left Melbourne: It was still little more. than a year from the date of their landing in Sydney; but so quickly had one great event trod den on the heels of the other, that both the girls felt as if they had passed through centuries of experience. Beatrice's beauty (never of a simple or youthful type) was rapidly assuming a severe maturity. No one would have imagined that she was still much under thirty; and, even at the first cursory glance, the impres sion carried away by a stranger n'as that of a woman who had had tlouble and borne it in a fierce, defiant mood, being utterly devoid of hope. Hard, brilliant, beauty, hers; present ing a wonderful contrast to the gentle loveliness of Nellie, to which grefronly lent a greatei' refinement and spiritua lity. .She had not seen Bernard Emerson since she had told him who the missing man really was. He had hurried forth from MIenzies, a stricken man, and with one accord they had agreed that, until the present mystery was cleared up, they had better never meet. She had then set to work to lprocure an engagement for herself. The Mnac farlands did not press for her return. In point of fact, though they valued her as being a clever teacher and a good discip linarian, the homely couple felt rather oppressed by her somewhat magnificent presedes, and much preferred the ordi nary type of "jolly girl" bush governess. The first engagement-which came to hand Beatrice accepted. It was to teach the two children of a farmer in the Goulburn Valley district. She was to proceed thither at once. and, after one farewell visit to Nellie she did so. In the long corridor, which ran from No. 7 to No. S, the two bade each other good-bye. In the centre of this corridor branched out the broad stone stairway lead.ng to the main hall. On the landing, half-way down this staircase, Beatrice paused and looked back. At the head of the steps stood Nellie. The sunlight from the broad windows streamed full upon her. TVith her gleaming golden hair and angel-like purity of expression, she looked the very embodiment of a beautiful poem. But the dark and stormy beauty of the woman who gazed at her was in shadow, and shadorw, somehow, seemed its natu ral environment. CIHAPTER XXVII. "She only knew the birth and death Of days when each that died, Was still at morn a hope, at night A hope unsatisfied: The dark trees shivered to behold Arother day begin. She, being hopeless, did not weep As the grey .dawn came in." -Symons. Not for nearly a year-after Beatrice went up to the Goulburhn Valley was the railway thither opened, so her journey was by train to Seymour - thence by coach to Shepparton. As she drove through the rather mon otonous scenery (the chief beauty of which was that of the lofty and splendid red-gums, which reared their kingly heads among the lighter timber of box and scrub), the question presented itself to her, as it has to many others before and since, why should the district be called the Goulburn Valley ; why not, rather, the Goulburn Plains? This question became insistent, as the only considerable rising ground-the Tallarook Ranges-faded from sight. At Shepparton-then a very small town ship-she was met by the farmer and his wife, and was' driven by them - first through the dusty town-and then past MIooroopna, through very level and pro saic country, well-cleared of timber (which had been of a slight and scanty nature), and thoroughly under cultiva tion. The rich chocolate surface soil, with its clay bottom, suited wheat, Mr Lawson told Beatrice. and wheat, con sequently, was then the staple product of the district, vine-growing being hardly in its earliest infancy at that date. Mr Lawson was himself a wheat grower, though, in former times, his station had been part of a station car rying sheep. He talked volubly of his crops as they drove along-of his har vesting (which was now over), and the couple of acres he lhad planted out with young and promising vines. Wearily she submitted to the fate she saw loom ing large before her-that of patient lis tening to eternal conversation about weather and crops. As well about that as about anything else, she told herself, and roused up to a simulated interest in the enthralling subject of "rust" which, about that timq was a veritable seourge in the district When - was reached it proved to be a very pretty homestead. The house was .rambling and more pic turesque than substantial. Away from it on one side sloped abeautiful fruit garden, with trellised and vine-covered walks. Under shady flg-trees were gar den seats, and she had but to stretch out her hand out of her bedroom window to gather the most luscious peaches from a tree, whose over-weighted boughs hung within easy reach. All around the house were gentle rises, thickly timbered, which gave a slight variety to.thefertile, but rather mono tonous scenery. The proud Goulburn curved glitteringly in the distance, and along the banks grew the noble and giant-like red gums, which, even though so far awaystood boldly marked against the horizon. After the cooler climate of the 'os clusko country, the - extreme, dry heat seemed to Beatrice. intense, but - like most new chums-she bore It well. Yet, as day after day passed; she grew thin ner and hei dusky cheeks became more pale. After all, she decided, Nellfe was wise to choose a busy life. She is com pelled to take an interest in all around her; whereas, there is nothing here to take me out of my wretched self, If only I had been up here in the 'old free booting times, of which these people tell me, I might have found it easier to en dure the shut-up life. How incredible it seems when one hears the tales of Cap tain Melh'ille and "Black Douglas," that this peaceful, agricultural district was ever the scene of maraudery- and violence. I think it must be a"cast-back" to some more turbulent and lawless age; for certainly this peaceful environment chafes me. And I feel as if the dark days of lawnless deeds would have been far more congenial! IHeigho! These reflections occurred after an outing the Lawsons had treated her to. in the shape of a drive to a eecluded spot on the banks of the Goulburn, between MIooroopna and Tatura. Here were to be seen a few old posts, remnants of a sta tion-homestead, but this poor attempt of the new country at imitation of Eng land's show-glory~-"ruins," was not the attraction at Juniss' Bend. Rather was 

 It.the fact that here the once notorious freebooter, Captain Melville, had had a receptacle for stolen'horses." These; In the palmy days of Bendigo, had been driven backwards and. forwards be tween that place and the Ovens Rush, and sold in whichever market seemed the least risky, and promised the greater profit Not only by the "Capltain" had this secluded spot been used for the purpose of hiding stolen property, but also by "Black Douglas," and many and blood-curdling were the stories repeat ed to Beatrice by the Lawsons of the lawless robber bands, which had kept the country-side in terror. "Ah; things are much better now," the farmer would add, "the people who talk so much of these Kellys should have lived then up here." The placid life, broken only by flood or fire, and not often by that, or, so far, to any serious extent, was all the quiet, plodding farmer's heart could wish; but to Beatrice, the modq of their life seemed vegetating, not living . The days were weary enough-the hot, sunny, monotonous days-but the nights were worse. Ever since the river accident she had been more or less a victim to insomnia; and now its hold on her increased. When, utterly exhausted by hours of feverish tossing, she fell asleep, it was to see Bernard's face, haggard, drawn, as it was when she bade him fare well. . . or Frank Harcourt's face,. now shining out of the deepening dark ness, white, remorseful, wretched, as it was just before that awful railway ac cldent, or. looming ghost-like out of the grey London fog, or staring down at her with hate, as when she saw it last. Nellie's phantom came but seldom,' and, always as a blessing, not-as a re proach. And so, ill, wretched, nervous, over strungi.. she.-lved. through_ _the hot January -and February, and just as March set. in, came- the excitement, which-she had longed for as a possible cure. The last day of February was of such a character that she could- no longer complain of the uneventfulness of life. Towards the middle of it (It was a very hot day), there came, suddenly borne on the wind, a scorching smell. The children, in the midst of their lessons, stopped and- looked at each other. "Bush fire"" said Fin, learnedly; "Not much of one." said Lizzie, "with equally sapient ar." "We'll go and ask your mother about it," said Beatrice. Ever moment the smell was becoming, stronger. They ran across the court yard, which separated the schoolroom from the rest of the wooden house. Mrs Lawson, heated and anxious, stood in the kitchen, in consultation with the maid-servant. The air all round was thick with smoke; and the sky was a dull and coppery red. "The worst of it is," said Mirs Lawson. addressing Beatrice, "that John and the men are over at Kirk's-the fire is straight between their place and ours; so he simply can't get backh'ere to help us. My word,what- a state of mind he'll be in!" "Are we in any danger?" asked Bea trice. "Plenty" was the laconic answer. As she spoke, Mrs Lawson divested herself of her dress, put on a thick under-skirt, and tied. a woollen hood round her head. " "No time to lose," she hurriedly ex plained, " we are safe for the present; ,Miss Hamilton; but the ricks will go, as sure as fate, and if the farm buildings and the house go too, as I bet they will, Lawson's a ruined man. He's suffered enough from flood-fire will about finish him off." "VWhat can.I do to help ?" "Go into the house and make oatmeal. water-the children will show you how. The men from Ford's will be over as soon as they see what's up; and they will help beat off: but they'll want drinks, for the work's no joke, I can .tell you. Now, Mary Ann, come on," and armed -with boughs, the stout servant and the farmer's wife set out. "They mean to beat off on the north side," said 'Flo. "that is the very side the fire is coming from, and the only place where the grass hasn't been burnt off. "Father and Pat meant to burn off to-morrow," chimed in Lizzie. "Ah, there are Ford's men at the pad dock gate," called Flo, exultantly. "We're all right now, for they'll help beat off!" And so, through the hot morn ing hours they . did, but in vain, so far as the farm-build ings, the .ricks, the expensive agri cultural implements were. concerned; and, by three o'clock, the house itself was threatened. Long before this time BeatrIce was in active service. The children and she fill ed buckets, dippers, billies, every vessel procurable with water from the tanks. The servant, mounted on a ladder, handed them to Mrs Lawson,who, perch ed on the roof, poured water all around. The flames had not yet reached the dwelling, but the smoke was blinding and chol:ing, and sparks flew all around. Suddenly Mrs Lawson flagged. "I can't do any more," she said, faint ly, "go and call the men. It's no use trying to save the stock now; they must come and help here." Beatrice flew to the blazing out-build ings; to her horror, when she reached them, she found that one man lay sense less on.the ground, whil the other show, ed such signs of deep exhaustion that it was evident he would be of little further aid. With Beatrice's help, the fainting man was dragged up to the house. Both of them were rather recently ar rived Irish laborers, and their one year of Australian life had not given them great insight into bush fire manage ment Apart from that, their 'apparently powerful frames had not the- wlry vigor pertaining to the seasoned bush man. The fainting man soon revived, but after a hasty consultation with his mate, he counselled flight. In fact, it was now only too evident that any hope Ef escape from death lay that way; for the house was alight in several places, and the tanks were empty. "The wind will favor us: we'll make for the river," decided Mrs Lawson. S"Fatx. ye'll- never win there," said Patrick O'Shea, despondently. - "It'ull be as far as the water-hole we'll get," put in Mick Shane. "Come. little ones, that's bare a quarter mile. . He snatched up Flo; Mick seized Lizzie, and with a last look of misery and farewell at her-burning home-the grave of much wasted labor and fruit less hope and energ)---poor Mrs Lawson followed them, Beatrice and the servant bringing up the rear. ... SThe men tore fast through the blinding smoke; soon they.were lost sight of, but all knew the way to the water-hole. On. on they hurried, their heads and shoulders wrapper in hastily-torn half blankets. to protect them from the show'ering sparks. Mr Lawson was not a very well-to-do farmer, and his land was not as well cleared as most in the neighborhood, therefore, most of their roadlay through wooded stretches. The wind, at the back ofthem, tore now with increased and frightful velocity, and the flames leapt from tree-top to tree-top (often for distances such as 150 yards), in lurid, wreathing magnificence. The burning grass tangled their feet, and they often stumbled and half fell. Half-way to the water-hole they caught up to the men. Plethoric lick had again fallen fainting to the ground, and Flo, a picture of wild and helpless terror, stood beside him. Their calls brought back Patrick. who,. incon tinently handed Lizzile to Mary Anne. "Yees better hould on to her," he said. "and I'll lug SIick along till he comes to." So Beatrice and Mlary Anne each took one child, while MIrs Lawson and Patrick dragged Mick along. The flames leapod and caught at the dangling little legs of the carried chiil dren; caught, too, at the hands that held them, but, at last, oh God he praIs ed !-at last the water-hole was reached! The cool water spread before them; 

 but, alas, it was fringed with tall and burning timber. As far as they dared, I for the hole had treacherous depths, varying from one to six feet, they waded in, scooping up soft mud to cover and cool their burnt feet and scorched arms "God be praised !" again 'cried Mrs Lawson, and pressed her little ones to her heart. What booted the loss of pro perty? Had she'not her darlings safe?If only, also, their father were alive-un hurt . . And. . . as the words of praise and prayer fell from her scorched lips, there came a crash, sudden, appalling, deafen Ing. A fallen tree-oh God!-a fallen, burn ing tree, crashing with Titanic splen dour and glory of.demoniac flame into the very centre of that' fought-for refuge. And, where the mother had clasped her children, and .thanked God for the gift of their precious lives, lay only a smouldering, giant red gum trunk... and pressed beneath into the waterhole, three.crushed bodies no longer suffering no longer in pain or fear. (To be continued.)