{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red213\green213\blue213;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth20868\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt160 \clpadl160 \clpadb160 \clpadr160 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ARTHUR. LANDONu, THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. --o? BY ANCUS MACLEAN. Aoltuo or." fenn BnoonrlELD,' a&0. CHAPTEB I. Bl1OK TIISDoAY. It was on the morning of that memorable ay which holds such a conspiuous position in the annals of Vitoorian history-" Black Thorsday"-that a younghorsemanemerged from the Plenty ranges, shaping his course towards the lower, and settled portion of the upper Plenty. The heat even at that earlyhour became almost intolerable. The blazing son which was partly enveloped in the clouds of smoke issuing from the bush. fires, cast a terrible hue of purple over the scorched and dreary landscape. Not a living thing could be seen or heard; even the noisy parnake heldits shrill and discordant chirrup, and the kangaroo took refuge in the shady sorub, to doze away the awful oppression which weighed on the face of nature. The young bushman whom we are about to hntroduce to the reader, and who, ap. parently, had weathered many a seorching may-judging by the tanned color of his skin manifested some uneesiorsesat the unusual appearance of the heavens; for he constantly cast a searching glance at the borning sun, and also t the fires raging behind, which drove him out into the open country. His age might be about seventeen; his com plexion was dark, probably by exposure to an Australian sun; for that portion of hie skin which had been covered, or shaded, ap wneed white and delicate as a female's. His hair, eyebrows, and the li ght beard which covere his upper lip, were black. His eyes -whicoh were slightly shaded-were dark, and moet epreesive. Hie mouth was well shaped, with thin lips, showing great firm. ness for hs years t he had a straight, but short nose, and a nicely.roonded chin. Ifle figure appeared rather alight round the wiot ; but the shoulders were remarkably broad for his age, with long arms ; in short, all his limbs were well knit, and his whole person set forth a perfect type of Australian rogh.rider and thorough bushman, for it ap peared manifest to an experienced eye that he wanu perfectly "at home" in his saddle. He rode one of those wiry ansd hardy horses which his district -Maneroo--ha been so amedifor producing--horses which were un. eqoualed for endurance and courage. The young bushman waos clothed in cord, etrapped pants; a red Crimean shirt.; Na poeison, or riding boots; a tweed jacket strapped before him on the saddle, with a cabbage.tnee hat on his wellformed head. A large stok-whip huong in coils from the side of his saddle, while he rode slowly along with that ambling pace peculiar to stockmen while in search of cattle;: but even at that slow pace, the young rider seemed anxious and puzzled at the quantity of perspiration which poured from the flanks of the hardy steed. He occasionally laid his palm on each aide to ascertain the cause, and also drew the drooping ears through his fingers another feature which gave him uneusioese eoousemig his trusty nag, lest it should "knock up" before he gained his destinar tion; butho was too good a judge to believe that his morning's ride could cause such langour and exhanstion in the animal. The intense oppression and the alarmiog state of the weatoer became every moment more apparent. The hot winds blow in ter. riein gnts, sweeping away ih whirling clouds dried leaves and dust, while the sun became overast with mountains of impenetrable smoke from the numerous bush-fires which continually sprang Up in fresh parts, pro. duoing a gloom which thceatened to extin guish the light of day. The horse, which had before manifested such fatigue, gave a sudden bound that al most unseated its experienced rider, who, on balancing and steadying himself again in the eaddis, turned his head round to ascer. tain the cause of the unacceuntable freak of hisnag. He saw to his horror the flames of the brrh.fires speeding after him at afearful rate, and the burning leaves (one of which alighted on the horse's hind-quarter) shower. g around him like fire-flakes. There was no necessity to spur his horse onwarde, for the animal instinctively comprehended Ikthe peril which threatened them, and floew away at a furious pace, bounding and snorting at every fresh spark which fell on its hide. The dangerous situation in which the rider found himself placed brought forth all hie judg. meat and experience in averting the raging element; but to hie consternation he behold. freah fires springing up all around him through the flaming leaves and grasses which were borne away on the whirl-wends. The clouds of smoko and ashes in welch he was enveloped'prevented him from seeing any distance ahead; but at last some indios. tions of habitations being in the vicinity became evident, for he perceived somu chil dren flying aerqse his path in great terror towards a farm-house a distance to one side. At this moment he beheld a little girl of about six years old, who had seemingly been left behind by her more speedy and older companions, runoniog round in the oame spot, with her little hands covering hier eyes, in order to shade them from the smoke and ashes, while she cried pitifully alter the re. treating fugitives. Seeing her perilous and forlorn situation, the young horseman checked his flying steed with a sudden pull whichalmoot beought it on its haunches; when he sprang upon the ground, cauglt the child in his arms, vaulted into the saddle again, and rode off this time towards the farm; but, unfortunately, he beheld to his disappointment, a strip of lire cutting him off, which compelled him to hold on hie original course in order to scuapo deltruc tion. The child,who still hold her eyce closed, ioelstinctively ,buried her faeo in her pro. testor'e bosom, while her little arms wound round his waist. The young inn at the eame time hold her with one arm before him on the eaddilo, while he guided and man. aged the horse with the other ihand. They odeo this way for a short distnanc, when the terrified and enlousted Itimoal pluloed into a long peond or nater hole whlich stretched oross thoir course. T?ioe younl- rider with his burden quickly etrioateod himsoell fromo the saddlo, and, alter swi,,ming a lfew strokes touched bottom, whcre h stooid vwilli the cold water up to his elect still holding the child in his arnni. The horse, also, in iiodingie nuoh a cool elt mont, stood still wiith tie wtcer u0p to itO kook, wchioh protecteed himt lroom t1he ieat and tiery spais,. The olild, who was liret to opeakl aoter themr sudden iommeoroiou euoloimed: " Where are vee Mn, WIbitlordl, lv it the watee holt l" "I am tiot kir. Whiloerd my pet; open your eyes and see," replied the youon mani, eeoouragiogly. " 00an't open thoe, ; they are loll of cal.,' ploededl the ohild, pitiouoly eubbklin the bitter aches from thorn. "Weit, my licr, I will ltllc tllheu for yOU,' addedd her Jrenyrero, bthll inii bter prdtly lute, nut toOtill('?ioiI ut 4 ilteli oiill io\
that benevolent operation as a nurse. girl. I After getting clear of the ashes which im. Fpoded her vision, the child opened her large blue eyes and stared wonderingly in the I young man's face, which was close to her own; when her pretty lips began to tremble and purse up, ominous signs-as he under. stoop-of weeping, when he encouraged her in the following words: "Don't cry, child; you know I saved you I from the fire, which would burn you to death if I had not come the way." " Oh, so you did. I remember now I the naughty boys loft me behind when they saw the big fre eaming; but seeo, there it comes again I" This was but too true. The young man turned round his head, when to his i utmost consternation he saw the devouring flames coming towards them again. Their situation became awful in the extreme, there was noeseaping the threatened danger, and even if the water should save them from actual scorching, the suffocating heat and smoke would deprive them of air to breathe. The child criod and coughed, exclaiming convulsively: " I am choked, I can't breathe I" while she gasped, as if in her last agonies, for the stiliing smoke and ashes, with the scorching heat, became every moment more alarm. ing. "Keeplyoar head down in my shadow, and your mouth near the water," suggested the young man setting the example, which saved both from a terrible death, for generally a slight current of air floats over the water in these eases. As providence would ordain it also, or by a happy aoeident, a bond in the creek directed the course of the fire a few yards from the bank near them thus making their situation more hopeful, and raising the young man's coourage. The sweeping hurrloane hurried the flameso past them with fearful velocity, devouring on its destructive course everything before it, and leaving on that terrible day many a family homeless and shelterlces,land bereft of all their worldly effects. . The little girl, who manifested extraordi nary intelligence beyond her years, and who apparently understood perfectly the criticeal situation they were placed in, and the great obligations she stood in towards the stranger who saved her life at the peril of his own, on suspecting now the greatest danger to be over, and breathing more freely, raised her head slowly, and, after cautiously looking on both sides, whispered " Ie the big fire all gone?" " Yes my dear, Providenee has saved ?i," replied the young man. "Blt if it were not for you poor Nina would be burn," added the child inno. cently. " That is true, Nina, but you must know that it was Providenoe sent me this way to save you." "And you were nearly lost yoreself in saving me? I suppose you could gallop away from the fire if you hadn't taken mel" "I might; but that would be cruel, Nina." " You are very good, and mamma will be very happy and thankful to you for saving her poor Nina. I heard your heart pray ing, when my ear was to your breast a while ago." " Did you pray yoseelf, Nina?" "Yea ; I do every morning and night, for mamma learnt me lots of prayers." " That's a good little girl; you always say them, and Providence will protect you the same as to-day." Alter the above conversation the young man, seeing all danger over, emerged with his wet burden from the watery. element, and waded towards the bank which escaped the lire. where he set down the child. But her cramped limbs could not hold her up, so that she was obliged to sit down while her pre server led out of the water the sagacious animal which brought them to this place of safety. Mounting again, with the child in his lap, the horseman steered his way cautiously through the burnt ground towards the place where he know the farm house stood, in order to deliver his young charge safely. He had, however, to pick his track, and evade many smouldering objects which imperilled the hoofs of his nag, lest the poor animal should suffer more injury from the fires which had nearly proved fatal to them that morning. On riding along little Nina gained more courage, and chatted away at a great rate, informing her deliverer that she was her mamma's only child,and that they were both staying at Mr. Whitford's house. That Mr. Calder had a farm on the other side of the creek, and that Mr. Calder's boys tools her away that morning along with them to look for the cows, and, on seeing thile bush-flro coming, theyran away and left her On roaching the farm, a frightful spectacle presented itself to the young man. The com. Portable and snug establishment which, an hour before, stood before him, had now a moet deplorablo and desolate aspect. ,Not a vestige of house, stacks, barn, or fenceo was to be seen, and the only traces of the snug dwelling which remained were the two brick chimneys, and confused heaps ao smouldering debris, the remains of the im provements. Some men and children were walking and searching about the ruins, who,on seeing the stranger ride towards them with theesupposed perished Nina, flow to meet them with mani fest joy. When the young man offered to deliver her up, to them, she strongly objected, exclaiming eagerly : "No, no I you take me yourself to my mamma, that she may thank you for saving her Nine I" Mr. Whitford, who now approached the stragller, suggested, since tihe child was anaioue to present the deliverer to her mother, tlhat her wishes ought to be granted, and told the young nran, ns he had no place himself to invite the stranger to, and that his family and Nina's mother had been compelled to seek safety in Mr. Calder's house (wlich es. caped the eonflagratioo) ho should ride over to his neighbor's house. The young man con. sented aocordiogly, and, on enterinl the house, a mournful eceneo preheated itself to his eyes. inna's mother, whlo, oppcrently, had beng beflore i a dolicate state of ealeth, now, on supposing ler foJd nd only chlild to have per shed in the lire, fell into tilets, which succeeded one anotlher so eloely that her life was almost deopairedl of. The little girl flow to her invalid ,othber's couch; wound her arlls rond her nesok, bescolhing her to kiss ler poor Nina. The voice of thie child roused the ,ntlcer at Iact, wlco thie joyful iintelli ogecce was Co nmc icnaed bto her which greatly roilovod lier esuf ericcgi ; but it was evid ent to ltho oplUenno tll t the lhock hier deli cnto Irame hn d rece ivd woul irove fatal. The yoonog ltraolr hcolied on icn mournlnl contempltion; hut on hearincg tice voice of tre invalid, he gave i cuddon start, which did not escape the kind eye of iMre. Wchit. ford. T Ic mother, after tIe lirot eflusion of soec. tion towards her littt c Jhild, accd en beering that the brave ond olhnllcct roescer of her only daughter was present, turned round, en. tendng lelr delicato hand to him, ancd leobly oeolaiming : My brave youth, say Providenee roward yoU for preserving scsy lchild," but her weak tsto s oceUld not permit hor to say score. The young steoaner tools the fekblo hond in his, accd aolc,,owlcdicd hrcc gratelul romark icc a lee words, oe hecrillg which sho gave ac ilnvolunary etaort, sayisng: " That voine I hoo very likq I" the last of her \\ooidcc wore so low Ltht n00 0e pf?cst Couoll cccakl out choir purport, Ot'to yttlc: slctlracn glgd t(olt' lo hhild 00\
lost in thought, looking abstraotedly at the beautiful but frail image before him. The vital spark had almost deserted its frail tens. ment through the terrible experioences of that morning. The pale and hollow cheeks, the moistened brow, and the deep, sunken but brilliant eyes, were sad proofs of near dissolution. ft was now suggested that a person should start off at once for the nearest medical man, which, on hearing, the stranger proposed (as he himself was on his way to BIelhouIrne) that he should accomplish that object, which kind act every one present thanked him for. On taking leave, little Nina ran towards him holding up her pretty fees to receive hips lt-. oing kiss; when, with a sudden bourns of un controllable affection he raised her in his arms and embraced her fondly, whiloe wound her little arms round his neck, whispering in his ear: "Will you pray for poor mammal" "I will, my dear. God protect you my poor child II may see you again." OHAPTER II. A SHonrT aYAt soeTOu. The reader has no doubt already recognised our hero, Arthur Lendon, in the person of the young bushman who arrived so oppor. tunely, and so heroically rescued the little Nina from the jaws of the devouring clement on " Black Thursday." Arthur Landon, though young and not very attractive in ap. pearance, possessed may qualities which, in the bnob of Australia, would entitle him to the claims of a hero. Brought up under the watchful eyes of fond and virtuous parents, and naturally brave and honorable in his disposition, possessing most accomplish. monta necessary for a bold and thorough bushman-these advantages, combined with a warm and affectionate heart, made him already a great favorite with all who knew him. IIis father, George Landon, being of re spectablo parents in the mother country, took his passage out to Sydney when Arthus -who was the eldest of the family-was bu( two years old. His mother had been marrius before to a young member of family d the aristocracy, and an heir to an estate, buh died suddenly after the birth of an only daughter, leaving his young widow-whom he married against the consent of his parents -unprovided for. His relations took charge of his infant daughter in order to bring her up in a manner becoming an heiress to an estate. The widow, thus uneared for by her late husband's relatives, at last consented to be. come George London's wife-he being a suitor of heres before her first marriage. This loast act closed the hearts of her first hue. band's friends against her, and deprived her of ever receiving any favors at their hands. George Laudon, whose means were not adequate to keep the style to which he and his wife were accustomed in their former days, and before all their little capital should exhausted they resolved on emigrating toAus. tralia in order to better their aircumstances. There they could put up with many incon. veniences, and be free from the critical gazo of the fashionable world. George Landon had not calculated on the heavy expenses of outfit and passage money, and on arriving in Sydney he found his small capital at a far lower head than he anticipated. He, how ever, possessed a manful heart and persever ing mind, which made up for loss of capital. After remaing a short time in Sydney, hbe had been advised to purchaso a few head of cattle and horses, and to find some grazing country where they might increase in a short time. But after purchasing the stock he found out by experioens that the grazing country was not altogether so easily dis covered as he expected, and, after shitlling from one place to another, he at last found soma rough country in the Maneroo district, at the foot of the Australian Alps. In this wild region he settled down with his stock for a abshort time, when he was joined by a decent and industrious Irishman named Haley, who had been lately married to a nice country girl of his own. Being within four miles of each other, and their runs joining, the two small squatters became a great help and protection to one another. Thus they lived for years on the best footing and in perfect harmony, while their families and stock increased. They had to go through a good deal of hardship, as may be expected, for the first years of their squatting, until their children grew up. But that succourcame by degrees, especially to Landon, as Arthur soon became an active and useful lad in the bush among the stock. Haley was not no fortunate, for his eldest child was a daughter, and four years Arthur Landon's junior. Nevertheless Kathleen Haley soon became useful, and could ride as well through the wild ranges as any young stockman in Aus tralia, for she had an excellent tutor in Arthur who took great pains in her eounst rian instructions. Arthur also gave Haley often a hand in mustering, branding, and looking after his stock, as well as his own father's; and as IKathleen-who,was growing up very fast like all other native girls-rode with him on these oaeasions,a closeintimaoy sprung up between them which at last de. veloped into a more tender feeling. We have already given an imperfect sketch of Arthur's looks and, although they were not calculated to make a" heavy impression" on a femalo' heart, nevertheless Kathloon Haloy disooverd certain attractions in her young neighbor's bronzed visage and piercing black eyes. Although sho kept these impressions sealed within her young and virgin bosom, shebo often acknowledged to herself that Arthur was the only "perfect" young man that she ever behold. Nothing was done properly un les ho had a hand in it. She would not ride ayoung colt unless he had the breaking of it in. Her saddle, bridle, or any other little articlo belonging to her riding gear must pass through hie hands; and even her habit and other dresses had to be left to his judgment before she could wear them. We must not therefore be surprised that with all the confidences placed in him by his fair neighbor, Arthur could not resist lov. ing Kathleon. In addition to such strong claimls on his afflections,there worofar greater choarm connected with theyountlady, which would prove tofatal to a mor experienced heart than our hero's, for Kathleen Hialoy was one of the moot beautiful and lovely creatures that the world over produced. To give even a vague idea of her looks is not in the power of omy pen to deocrib ; the reader, therefore, must form in his own mind a being posucssed of all the beauty and innocnce of our first mother before her fall. The golden tresses falling in their wanton and natural state around the swan-like neck and shoulders. The pure aond healthy rose which toantlcd the blooming aheetks; the sparkling and betwitohing twinole of the dark blue oyeu; thle sweet and eoolenntioov iioeilo of thu allt oIsod lcutino lips, whicll rivalled tihe redneii of a eeorry; the well-scol ando exqouiitol ivory teeth; the welltrounded and child-like ahiu, andl thIo broad, but not too highl, marblc broiw, and, above all, the elastii ind graceelul form, whooee uoirivnllCeldoil wint rovihli rn g to beo. hohl, whel its fair owner rode with iuch con. fidence and ecane hler spirited steed over all the obilnaolec which tle wild nud l hilly coun try precentcl. It ocny hi i hold etulaeomot to lanteo, bu it iI ueIvIcrthcless ttle, thaot i iis iqueltionablo whethlcrtc uiy other u?plt Inoler ltheo HUII casll produoo ceh fIcminine lovllnonoa, ntural vimcl)igity, tombil?td wiith eprightliteun nud\
vivaeity, as the wild bash of Australia. The exciting and healthy exercise they in. dulgo in, riding spirited horses over rough and dangerous country, brings forth ail their oourago and nerve, and given them that blooming appearance of countenance and to their eyes that sparkling and bril. liant light. The Australian native girls brought up under the careful guardianship of virtlous and pious parents, untrammelled by the formal and artifloial customs ol town sooleties; their hearts and minds un. contaminated, dud uncorrupted by worldly scandal, or the seductive whispers of the unprincipled libertine, live in their own pure atmosphere of perfect innocence. Such characters may be rare, yet there are some, and Kathleen was one of the number. She had enjoyed all those advantages which improve the virgin mind and instruct it in all those moral habits so conducive to avirtuous life, for, benides her own parents' unimpeachable example, the more ladylike and refined manners of Mrs. Landon- Arthur's mother-inspiied the fertile mind and quick perception of Kathleen Haley with high and lofty principles rarely met with in the bush. After giving the above sketch of the fair Kathleen, we must not leave in the shade another beautiful flower in this wild forest. Eliza-or Lizzie she was more often called Arthur Landon's oldest sister, and a dear friend of Kathleen Haley's. LizzioLandon, although of quite a different cast of beauty, was to some people's taste more lovely. HIer hair, eyes and eyebrows were black like her brother Arthur's, but her skin was as white and pure as the driven snow, without any color in her countenance save a ligiht delicate shade when riding or taking ex. ercise. Her features and figure were fault lose, and there was an irresistible expression of langour in her liquid black eyes which gave a charm to her pale countenance, and filled the soul of the beholder with admira tion. Lizzie's manner and temperament was more refined and meek,with lose spright. linesee and vivacity than her fair neighbour and companion, Kathleen. She was also more timid in riding, and her whole eharac teriaties were more reserved and lady-like-. propably after her mother, whose polished manner she strilctly imitated. Sho soldoen rode with Arthur and Kathleen over the ranges when after stock, except on special occasions, and fdtoxereise orpleasuro. , We most not omit tO mention here that these two lovely fiowerq did not spring up without soma necessary culture, *for their parents-particularly Mrs. Landon - not withstanding tile pressuro of household antle, too0 every opportunity of teaching their children, so that they could read and write well. Arthur supplied them with books; "when ever he paid a visit to any village or town he invariably bought a supply, among which were some of the beet and latest novels of the day, and we must admit that "Scott," "Bulwer," and some celebrated lady writers had a share in forming the young minds of those bneautiul ohildren of nature. Thus they grew up in their innocence and lovoliness, unconscious of their many oharms and that their gracelul forms were develop. ing and verging on womanhood, until Arthur returned from his trip to Melbourne after " Black Thursday," when they had attained their thirteen years. We must now enlighten the readerlas to the reason or business which brought our hero to Melbourne, and which directed him towards the Upper Plenty as referred to in the first chaptor. Arthur had been several times before this entrusted with the sale of his father's and Haley's stock, both in Twofold bay and Oippsland markets, where he disposed of them at satisfactory prices, considering the times. But thie season, as these places did not offer any inducement regarding prices of stock, he aceompanied a notable dealer named Jack Trenton-or Tantrum as he was often styled-and who will make a prominent figure in our tale. Arthur accord. ingly joined his mob with those of the cole. brated Tantrum, and, after a. fatiguing and scorching journey through the "snowy mountains," Lippsland, and "Ferntree gullies," arrived at last in the great metro polls of Victeria. Unfortunately, at that time, and before the golden era which was soon to follow, the markets were glutted, so that they were obliged to wait until a rise in stock should take place, and had therefore to send them to a paddock situated on the Plenty, from which some of the horses broke out and strayed to the ranges. Arthur had been in searoh of them on that memorable morning, when the bnushfre drove him out. The reader in already informed of the narrow escape he had on that occasion, and all we have got to soy now is how he acted after leaving Mr. Whitford's-or rather Calder's residence. His garmonts were still wet, as may be supposed, after his long soaking in the pond, but this, instead of discommoding him, proved a great comfort on such a snorehing day. His horse also bonefited by the bath he took, and carried its welloexc perienced rider salely to Melbourne, from whence he sent a medical man in post haste to the poor invalid. It must be remembered here that our hero's thoughts dwelt upon many spouula lions while on the way to town. The strange impressions made upon his sensitive mind by the invalid mother and her little daughter occurred to him on every occasion; nor could he drive her beautiful and delicate looks from his eyes. But her voice hold a more powerful impression on his imagina. tion, "How very like my mother's voicol" wao an expression which often escaped his IlpsO. "And that sweetolittle girl; how fond I got of her all at once," ho would add, and the whole event appeared so strange and mysterious. A few days after this the strayed horses wore found, anod an improvement il the stock market had taken place. They accord. inlly disposed of the whole mob at a fair price. Our hero, although a very abstemious young man, enjoyed himself on his first tril to the city. Every novelly presented in that grand plnso was observed and imprinted on his mind vividly, partioularly the plays at the theatre, " Romeo and Juliet" had been enacted on one of those ocaeoione, and our hero, who tools great delight in reading Shlakespearo's plays, for the first time behold them noated. lie consequently took immenso delight in the same, and determined to store up in his mind that and all other novelties he had nen, in order to repeat them to his sister Lizzy and playmate Kathlecn. Not witllltanding the litlo drenseu and other artiflcisl improvemonts inl the persons and faces ol the Melbourneo ladie, he eould not tle asny ameon them who could rival Kath leon in beauty asn he thought. But she was onsly a child an yet, in his imagination, wvholO liehad known from infanoy. Thus he argued to himsaolf until his return honemo, OHAPTE1I I1l, cRu FneoT grBog Defote leaving home on his trip to MItol bourno withl the stock for market, Arthnr Landon had tene comissialonod by hisn father anid Ialoy to ongagce a tutor for the children of both Imluiline. This needful person he tounod ill a yoluol soan whneoso age could not exceed tiwenty, and who had beeon one of ngult T'.nrtln la' driyerpHllow Jock fell in with\
this person was a mystery to Arthur, for he appeared far superior to either Jack, himself, or his other men, who were of the usual I rough type of Australian stockmen. The young fellow, whose namowas FrankAustey, seomed to have seen better days both by ap. pearanec, conversation and munoor. The other drivers took every opportunity of in. suiting and seeping him under, calling him by several nicknames such as "Gentleman stookrider," "Swell stockman," and other epithets. Frank Anstlsy bore all these int* suiting inuendoes with meekness, until they disposed of the stock. Then, on hearing Arthur-who became a great favorita of hies mention about finding a teacher,he protTerred his services. On finding out that Jack Tan. trum had no binding agreement with Anstey, Arthur engaged him at once. But when Jack heard of the engagement he became greatly enraged. This conduct on the part of Tantrum surprised Arthur, as Jack's con. duet towardsAnstoybad oalways been tyranni. eal, and as bvidenoing carelessness about his services. Our hero consequently guessed thero must be some mystery connected with the terms between the parties, as Jack held several private consultations with the yotng moan, presoing on him, apparently, to renew his engagement with hIimself, But this Anstey refused stubbornly, when tihe former exclaimed with a terribls oath--eeing him determined : "Never mind my young buck, I shall be upsides with you one of these days." Anostey appeared a little alarmed at the throat. HIowever, he seemed resolved on getting clear of the bold dealern's toils. Arthur questioned the young man several time:. as to his engagements with his former employer, and where Jack's station-the "IIorseshoo" was situated-n mystery which no person in lManoroo could solve-neither of whiel questions would Anstey answer, whioh left Arthur tsilt more surprised. We will now give the reader all the infer mation in our power re!carding Jack Tan. tram up to this time. He was one of those sharp buoelmen who rnise themselves from stockmen to dealers in eattle and horses. Jack was first suspected of earning the greater part of his income by hiding or ' planting" stock in thooe wild and unfro. quenltd gullies among the Alps, and when. ever rewards were olIored for those "strayed" "lost" cattlo, he was sure to bring them to " light," and, as a mattcr of .course, claim the reward. Several suspected persons bad been found out and convicted for these offences, but Tantrum was too "knowing," and "wido-a.wako" to be caught, besides being the most cxperiencud rider and bush. man in the colonies. Ito wan also usepeoted of "dulling" or ohnnging; brands, but even that obnrgo was never proved against him. If ho had done so, the knowing ones declared it must have been done so" neatly," that he could never be " balled nut. There was one suspicious characteristio about Iris stock that they were all branded afreel with a horse. shoo. from under which some sharp-eyed people could discern nbliterations of original brands. Notwithstanding all these declara. tions, Jack sailed aS yet clear of the law, and carried on his profiteblo speculations witlhout interruption. In looks and person he was a very smart and attractive young fellow, with nil the no. complishrenite of a real bhlshmlan. Iis lanlguage included all tthe Australian bush. elang,but heo was nevertheless, a witty and an aggreesble companion. His beat, or those parts in which he car. ried on his trade, ranged through Maneroo, Twofold Bay, Gippslaud, Mellourno, and Adelaide, following dowh the Murray through the Darling country. Sometimes he would take a trip to Quoensland. and, ocecasionally, to Sydney, so that he had travelled all over the colonies in his time. When asked whoer his " bit of a run " (as lie termerd it), the "Horseshoe," wat situated, the answer was always : " Oh, it is only a bit of scrubby country among the mountains." It seemed evident, however-altboughl no pereson-knew of its whoreabouts--that it could not be far distant from Landon and Haley's rune, for Jack and his drivers invariably passed through these on his way to and from Melbourne and Gippsland. Another peculiarity about his alfairs was that he always had thosamo men, who seemed to have an interest or share in the transactions carried on -by him, and, by all appoearane, they lived in perfect har. mony anti understanding with one another. Arthur Landon and tlhy did not seem to pull together very well during their late trip, and the engaging of Anstey widened the breach bptwen himself and Tantrum still more, which the former had no objection to, never liking the forward and suspicious dealer's mods of carrying on business. lo, therefore, resolved to drive his own stock to market for the future. On arriving at home, the family greeted him with joy after so long an absence, and the small presents he brought from Mel. bourno for each member were gratefully re. clived. Next morning, anecording to custom, he rode over to Haley's with Kathleen's gift of books and other little articles, which were this time more valuablo than usual, coming Irtm llo grand city I MJeitlouro,, and. on arriving, lie was surprised to hear that Jack Tantrum had beeo there the night previous, and only left a few minutes before. Thisinews puzzled him the mors, as he understood be. fore he loft Melbourno, that the horsedcealer intended starting by the Sydney.road roond the Murray, hut now he must have followed himself and Anstey closely on their heels. Kathleon was in etstoeies on the receipt of her valuable presents, and also tihe arrival of the donor. Arthur proposed to take the customary ride through the run to seco the etock,which had bhon neglected since he left, to which suggestion Katalleen agreeably con. sented l, ad, ordingly," Kat IKarnoy," her favorite steed was instantly saddled and bridled. It was a pretty eight to sea the youthful pair setting out on this pleasant ride, " Kate Korney" prancing and rearing with impa. tieneo, while her beautiful rider gracefully moved with each bound, and gently curbed her mettled slteed, whilo Arthur cracked his long whip no be cantered by her sido to gather his cattle-lhis kangaroo dogs round tlhem. Kathleon'o silvery and merry. laugh at the pleasant prospect of a long ride could bo Ieard ringin; on tile morning breeze, while ler 1heesol glowed and hier brilliant eyeoseparkled, illuminating herlovely face. Artlhur could not take hi eyoes off her, and wondered at his own stupidity that the never before now observed her many charmes,which 0o completely eclipsed all the Melbourne beauties he had seen. Kathleon detected him no often looking at her, and not inter. prating the reason, her cheeks became more deeply colored, when she observed: " Why do you look at me so hard Arthur ? I ou?poso you eso mee so coarso and ugly after tihe line Melbourno ladles " " You are neither eoares nor ugly, Kath. loon; bhut I cannot help seeing the great change In you since left. Yea are really a Wegrl, elU, Arthur I that la really orich Ia grown up woman? How could I grow up awoman in two month sineeoo you left? It ts only an oxouse of yours to (say that you don't like to tell me that I am vultar. looking after the fashionablo town ladtoe." OYou are perfoetly nmistkhOn, lathlesen, You are. far moro natural, and n ooking In y eyesn than theo artilloinl, atarehod and Isaced up town aIndies I saw." *I tnot your Liaoy far niooraud gBateolor. looking tfan I 1" " Bho in very pretty, 1 thlinl; but a brother ie no judgo, shle is not so tall or gosdflooking to toy fanoy as yoeu are, lI(Rttllou."' "gogglvtltw Artbur, that to tot flllOb, I 5O\
shall thinkyon tre flattering like Jack Tan. tram lont night." "I never flatter, Kathleen, I am telling my mind only." " Yes, I supposeao. How niceoly I aould look this m~oment if I were galloping through Mel. bourno streets and cracking my whip. They would saen put me in the madhouse." This ridioulous idea and remark of the ively Kathleen made the pair laugh so heartily thalt the sound of their merriment rang through tihe gully and ranges around. Aftera while Arthur remarked with more anxiety than usual, " What wee that youn said about Jack Tantrum flattering you?" " So he was, the nasty fellow. I hato that man. What do you think of his impudence oflerin, moa lot of presents he brought from Melbourne? The same as if I would take his trash." "What did you say to him, Kathleen 2" "I told him that I did not want his pro. eFlnt, and that you were briogina everything I wanted. But just fancy what he raid? 'Oh I' says he, ' I can afford better than Arthur Lindon to give presents;" but Imade him wild when I answered that they were more acceptable from you." " I am very glad you said so, and also that yoe refused hig presente,forI do not think heia a proper person. I'll never again travel with him; something tells me that he is nothonest in his dealings." " I felt the same suspicion towards him, and, although he seems to be a pleasant person in company, I feel myself tremble every time he speaks to or looks at me. I cannot make out the reason, but somehow I feel afraid of his looks." " Well, Kathleen, he is a good looking fellow you must admit, far better looking and nicer than I am." "Not to hiy fanoy, Arthur; other people might think so." Thus the pair cabtted away while they walked their horses down a long valley to. wards some waterholee where they intended to give their horses a drink and some rest during the heat of the day. They now changed the subject of their conversation,and Arthur gave his eager listener a detail of all his adventures cince he left. The incident of Black Thursday interested his fair companion very much ; and above all, the novelties and plays he attended and witnessed in Melbourne. On arriving at the watorholes they turned their horses loose, and sat down themselves uLder the shade of a cherry tree, when Arthur renewed the mntrreating subject of play acting, and rehearsed several parts and paEssages which his well stored memor supplied him with. Beth were so much taken up with the subject that Kathleen begged Arthur to act a small part in order to give her an idea how it was performed. Arthur, eager to comply with her request, proposed to introduce a small part of his favorito play, " Romeo and Juliet," and, as he romemberd several passages in that piece, he of course acted Romeo while Kathleen decked her hair withwild flowers to represent the Juliet, add we question whether the original character could surpass the beautt. ful bush girl in loveliness or looks. The part which Arthur undertook was that portion of Act 1 in scene fifth, when Romeo and Juliet first mat in her father's house. Arthur sueneeded well with his rehearsal, putting Iathleaen through her part also, until hecame to those words: Romeo. - "Then move not; while my prayers' effect I take, Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged." (Kissing her.l Arthur in the oexitement of the moment considering it his bounden duty to go through thu performance, kissed Kathleen's lips before she had time to consider the act, and when they felt the warm pressure, both blushed with confusion, which, as may he supposed, brought the play to a sudden termination, as this was the first time that their had lips met. Kathleen was the first to speak after this awkward interruption, saying: " Oh why did you do that ? I had no idea that wasa part of it." "I forgot myself at the moment with the excitement and imitating the actors in Mel. bourne," replied Arthur with some con. fueion. "fu ely the women on the stage would not act that part before the public ?" " Of course they do, because it is part of the play, Kathleen." At this moment the dogs began to bark, which interrupted the would-ho actors, and, on their looking in the direction which the dogs took, they beheld to their mortilioation Jack Trantrum riding slowly on the opposite side of the waterhole, being, no doubt, a spectator of their ridiculous performance in the wild forest. " Oh my gracious what a shame I" burns from poor Kathleen, nearly dropping with confusion. "Bolher, it is rather awkward. That fellow will be everywhere where not wanted," added Arthur, quite annoyed at his own in-i proprielty. SHell tellit all over the country I I wish I had not left home," exalaimed Kathleon in greet trouble. "I'll nev;r ask you to ride with me again K1thtilean if you are so very much annoyed at my kiesing yop, We are not the first that have. done- so,' remarked Arthur, with sunio disappointment and bitterness in his voice; for something like jealousy aeiecd him at that moment, seeing Kathleen so much vexed at Trantum catching her in tihe act. Poor Kathleen hung down her head, and her eyes could not meet those of her companion for the first time in lier life. Arthur, seeing her conlusion, his noble herrt melted at once, and leo softly added : " You are not angry, Kathleen, at my kiss. ing you?" "No, Arthur, it was only for that fellow aceing us. oie may think we are always going o0 so." "Never mind, Kathleen, we'll never give him the chance again. We will ltart for 'lome at once." With that Arthur oau:;ht the horses, helped KCthleen in the saddle, and, while placing huer habit properly round liher, hae beheld lher olleuks still mounted with erimeson, while lier looks avaded his gaze. Hlo wondered that the still felt annoyed at him, oas he thought, nor could she reply to iis conversation with. out a tremor in her voice, so that very little talk passed betwooen them ot. their homeward ride. On arriving at her father's house, and when helping tr out of the saddle hlie felt tier tremble in his arms, and loan heavier than usual upon him, while a nigh escaped her, not as in former days when she invari. ably sprang to the ground without his as. niatance. In placing lier on the ground this day he whispered in her ears lest any of the family should overlioar them, and think. ing she was still annoyed at his mistaoke. "Tell me, ]\{athleen, are you still angry with me?" "No, no, Arthur l but I feel n s trange now wheln you touch me," she replied, in a ow key. Poor innocent ahildrenl littloe did they iunaglno the offects of that first and unpro. mediated kis,. It was on his way homa to lils fatlher' houso, that Arthur be. oamu aware of the sudden transformation in his feeling towards Kathleen, HeIr unrivalled beauty becamne more apparent as he dwelt upon her inagneo. That soft and museical whisper aslo spoke in his er wlien cnlle arias was sweeter than all tile iniitelieh ovur heard, Tile deliglltul thrill wuuich the pressare of her pouting lier lips soul through his heart still vibrated In Isis veins, The joyful girl of the morning bhanged in os 9 instant linto at ling ~OI a\
beautiful woman. Bufwbat were Kathleen's feeliigs during this time? Her mother won dered at the daughter's apparent lethartI y and quietness. Kaetheeon, without changing her habit as usual, sat in her room with the door closed. tiereyes gazed forth into vacancy,and a Atited sigh would escape her now and then. What strange sensations passed through her heart since that moment when Arthur's lips touohed her's? Was there witehoraft in th kiss which caused such unaoaountable feelings e; or was it a meemerio influence that was in Arthur's touch? She had read, and heard Arthur desoribe that morning, the extraor. dinoary powers of the professor of electriobi. ,logy whom he saw performing in Melbourne. Could Arthur have that gilt which made her so passive in his arms, when he assisted her off the horse, and, above all, that hiss which she still felt on her lips ? She could not comprehend the reason that made her now so shy to look into his aee. Thue she communed with her own thoughts, when her mother called from the next room : "Kaethleen, my honey, are you ill? What is the matter? I hope you had no fall?" " Oh not all, my dear motbor; I only feel a little tired," replied Kathleon, evasively, with a alight tremor in her soft voice. " I'm sure there is something the matter with you, my child, I know by your voiceo You should not ride out those hot days. for fear of getting a sunstroke," added the anxious parent; but her daughter made some excuse which quietened her mother's apprehenslons. If that lady but knew that the real cause of her daughter's ailment was. Arthur's hiss she would have indulged in a" hearty laugh; for many a time she had been treated in the same manner herself in her native land by the "boys" when a girl, and never thought of it the next moment. It was the custom there, but not so inthe bush of Australia. Kathleen had never been treated with such familiarity before, and the ,ffect of it caused a strango revolution in her feel. ings, which no one but those who have ex. perienced sensations produced by a virgin embraceo could understand. Instead of being annoyed at it as poor Arthur had imagined by lKathleen's singular conduct and quietness, the more she thought on the notion, the more eacred and4 delight. ful it seemed to her mind. She could still feel the sweet touch on her lips and tingling through her nerves, and came to the resolu. tion not to taste food or drink for some time lest the charming sensation should be obh. literated from her lips. These innocent ideas may seem ridiculous andehildlsh to the worldly fair, ignorent oe he veneration held by the innocent child of nature towards the first kiss of love.\cell \lastrow\row
}