The Storyteller. Visited on the Children. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER III. In the pale moonlight. BY AUDAX. Some weeks elapsed before Olive could quit her room, but at last she was well enough to be carried on a light cane couch to the veranda. She was wan and weak, but the pallor only served to heighten the lustre of the deep brown eyes, and Horaoe thought the fair faoe fairer than ever. " I must thank you for tho books and fruit," •he said, " and for carrying me home the day I was hurt. I paid dearly for my wilfalneas, so you must not scold me, she added, holding out a tidy hand. Horaoe bent and just touched the slender fingers with his lips. Then he said : " I hope you will Boon be your old self again. It has seemed a W6ary time since you have lain there ill." " Did you really miss me ?" she asked gently; then without waiting for his reply ahe oontinaed with a touch of her old imperiousness: •• Now tell me all the news. The races are to-morrow, are they not ? You must put some gloves on My Lady for mo, and woe betide you if I do not win." "I am afraid My Lady cannot start," replied Horace, flushing slightly- "I—l rode her t> little too hard one day and ahe hat not quite got over it. I must go up to the wool sued now; we are preparing for the shearing." "My Lady will never be any good again," broke in Ted as Horace disappeared. "Mr. fladley rode her into town and back full rip when he went for the doctor for you and broke her down completely. Bill says he thought she was going to die that night." Olivo did not reply, but into the dark eyes came a strange boft light that boded well for Horace. Boon the girl was able to walk from room to room with the aid of a crutch ; the crutch gave place to a stick: then that was discarded, and Olive was herself again. " Not quite her old self," thought Horace, for the quick retort and laughing challenge had almost disappeared. No mention was made of the mare's mishap until one night when they two were on the veranda alone. How often did the scene come back to Horaoe in after years, filling his heart with wild craving and despair! A glorious summer night. The moon almost at her full denned each plant and shrub through which the night breeze wandered lazily, heavy with the scant of oountlees flowers. Through the open window came the plaintive melody of some old waltz. Olive re clined in the shadow on a deck chair, whilst Horace sat by her side striving vainly to catch • glimpse of her faoe. "Mr. Radley," said she at length, "why did yon not tell me that you lamed My Lady forme?" " I thought you would be vexed." " How silly of you to ride bo fast and rain your mare !" she said, but the tone belied the reproof. " I would ride farther and faster to save you • moment's pain, Mixs Vaughau. What cared I for My Lady then ? Oh, Olive ! don't you understand that I love you as man never loved woman before—that I would give my life to shield you from hurt? Answer me, darling— can you love me a little in return ?" He was on his knees now and his arm stole round the slender waist unreproved, bnt there came no answer. " Oh, Olive, dearest one! can you not care forme?" Still no answer, only the graoef ul head sank lower and lower until it rested on his shoulder. The piano shut with a bang, and Miss Biuolatr appeared at the window. " Quarrelling again, you two ?" ahe asked* for Horace stood at the Jar end of the veranda engaged seemingly in an abstruse astronomical observation. "No," laughed Olive lightly. "Good night, Mr. Radley;" and she held out her hand. Horace pressed it gently, and found in bis own a heartsease which she had worn at her breast that night. Chapter IV. PAETED. " Horace, old man, I am sorry, very sorry, for this." The speaker was Mr. Brnton—the "this" referred to an announcement which Horace had made. " Were Olive my daughter I would wish no better husband for her. There is no man in the world I like better than yourself, but Vaughau is a man of a different stamp—full to the brim with this absurd pride of birth which all you Englishmen have. Personally he must like you—you have a little money and are the sort of man soon to make that little much. But yon know as well aa I do that his first question will concern your family, and how can you answer it ?" " Truly, of course, sir," said Horace; " yon who know the whole story are aware that at worst my mother was sinned against—not ■inning. I myself believe that the bar sinister will yet be removed and I shall yet claim my father's name. At all events am I the worse man for my father's crime ?" " Certainly not, but can you bring Vaughan to that view ? I doubt it. He comes of a family in whose pedigree Adam is half way down, and I am oertain that he will never consent to his daughter's marriage with a nameless man. According to your own story your father told your mother that she was not his wife. The supposod marriage took place in an obsoure village. No record of it can be found. The man who played the parson dis appeared. Your uncle tried to prove the mar riage and failed. Tour father married again, and, though he died without other isaue, made no attempt to instate you as his heir." "Sir Ronald Carew was a hnartleHS scoundrel. The only relative my mother had was a brother, then iti India and for years unable to get home. When he returned ton years had elapsed, my mother was dead, and Sir Ronald Carew, killed by an aocidont in the hunting field, baa died and made no sign. However, my uncle succeeded in unearthing one witness, an ex-servant of Sir Ronald. He is yet alive." " Yet you cannot trace the marriage in the parish books or oven find the parson ?" "No," replied Horace sadly. "The man, Smiles, says that it took place at Drayton, and that the other witness was the village inn keeper, the parson, he thinks, some friend of Sir Ronald 1' "Who never took orders, depend on it. There is only one conclusion to be drawn from such a story, Horace. A heartless scoundrel— a mock parson—a broken-hearted woman, and a nameless child," said Mr. Bruton gravely. '* Never fanoy that I think the worse of you, lad. I would do anything in my power to aid you, but in this matter I am not my own master. I caunot recognise your engagement to my niece without her father's explicit con sent. Vaughan is in Sydney now; you had bettergo down and see him." So Horace went, and the answer he received was a pitying " No !" He would not ace Olive again: he felt he could not trust himself; so he wrote a short letter releasing her from her promise, and, pledging her father to explain all, he sadly tamed bin face northward. Chaptke V. DBOtrru. Horace Radley was no coward—no weak sentimentalist to sit down and revile Fate— and after the first sharp pangs were over he looked the situation firmly in the face. He knew himoelf too well to dream that he could ever forget Olive—that any other woman oould ever be to him ms Bhe had beeu: he also knew that in hard work lay his one ohance of obtain ing peace from the heartache which tormented him. As to winning her, he thought that impossible. All that man could do to trace the supposed marriage had, he well knew, been done by his uncle, and the further lapse of fourteen years rendered the ohanoe of unearth ingthe secret doubly hopeloss. The advertisement of a small run for sale in the remote North-west met his eye. He in spected and purohased it, and strove in the hard adventurous life of the Back Blocks to find content. For a time fortune smiled, and his ventures proved successful, bnt his success brought him no pleasure. What did he care for money now ? A roof to shelter him, plain food, and a horse to ride, a few books, a dog and gun were all that he required. Still he toiled on hopelessly and fearlessly. Then came the drought. Only bushraen know the terrors of that word ! The endless months when no rain comes from the glowing skies; when bush fires rage and windstorms sweep across the scorching plains ; when waterholes reek with the stench of dead sheep and cattle and the poor remnants of tho flocks wander aim lessly to and fro, tho weaker ones ever and anon falling to be torn to pieced ore their hearts have ©eased to beat by the foul carrion birds. Then the clouds roll up! Darker and darker grows the sky. With anxious looks the bushraen watch eaoh soudding oloud. Deep peals the thunder; flash after flash of light ning falls quivering to the earth and fires the tinder-dry grass. A few spots of rain, and the sky is once more a sea of cloudless blue, and the ruined squatter feels almost tempted to " curse God and die." At length came tidings that rain had fallen in the mountains of New England, so Horace determined to make.an effort to save his re maining sheep by taking them to this Land of Promise. He had been on the road for some week* and his flocks were decreasing day by day in spite of every effort. " We've twenty miles without water now," said he one night. "I most ride ahead to morrow and have a look at the track. Get my horse up early." Juat at dawn he started, and had ridden Borne few miles when, under a clump of myalls just off the road, lie espiod an old swagman, apparently fast asleep with his head pillowed on hu swag. Seemingly the noise of the horse's hoofs awoke him, for he half raised himself as Horace passed. "Good morning !" shouted the latter. The awagman made no reply, and his head sank again on his pillow. " Humph! Sulky chap that," soliloquised Horace. " Dirty old beggar, too. Too lazy to unroll his swag. Hulloa ! What's thin ? A saddle, by Jupiter; and yonder is a horse down!" A hasty inspection revealed the fact that tho horse was dying, its eyes having already been torn out by its feathered foes. " Looks as if my old friend had broken down," thought Horace. " Anyway, I'll go baok and see. Cantering baok, he found the old man still reclining, and tho cause of his supposed sulki ness became obvious. His tongue was pro truding from his mouth; the man was dying of thirst! Quickly unstrapping the water bag from his saddle, Horaoe forced a few drops of the liquid into the parched mouth. Again and again he repeated the process, until he had at length the satisfaction of seeing the man drink. By this time the leading flock of sheep waa in sight, and, leaving his patient in charge of one of the shepherds, Horaoe went baok and brought up the " cook's dray." In this vehiole a rough bed was readily made, and Horaoe, having deposited the old man in it, went forward on his business. It was night ere he returned to camp, and he had the satisfaction of seeing the old man Bitting up and eating some broth which the cook had made for him. " I have to thank you for saving my life, Mr. Radley," he said,. "A fow more hours and I should have been beyond all help." The words were those of an educated man and the accent savoured of civilisation. Horaoe looked at him keenly. The, man was ragged and besotted ; there was little in his appearance to impress ono favourably. " Oh, that's all right," said Horaoe lightly. " Glad I turnod up in time. Don't tire your self by talking. You ran have a seat in the dray for a few days uutil you pick up your strength. Good night." And our hero rolled himself in his blanket, pillowed his head on his ■addle, and waa soon fast asleep. CnAPTEE VI. DA.WX. For some days Horace had little time to give to his involuntary guest, but when he neared the mountains grass and water became plenti ful, the sheep easily satisfied themselves, and their owner had little to do. " The men tell me that we are within a few miles of a township now," said the old man one morning, "so, I think, Mr. Radley, I will thank you for your kindness and bid you fare* well." " Are you on the lookout for work?" asked Horaoe. The old man assented. " What sort of work do you want?" " I should like to get a billet as storekeeper or tutor on a station. I was teaching at a selector's down at Myall Greek, and left there meaning to go to Sydney, bat it was the old story—tha first publio-house was never passed. I had been drinking for tome days and left with a touch of the horrors, I suppose. At any rate I got off the track, wandered in the busn two days without water; then, just as I found a road, my horse gave out. Yon know the rest. I shall never forget my feelings when I saw you ride by and could make no sound to attract your attention!" "You are an Englishman!" asserted Horaoe. " Yes, but have been in the colonies for twenty years. I might have done well onoe bnt the cursed drink has ever been my down* fall." Horace listened with very moderate interest. Tho broken-down gentleman is a common enough character in the bush, and usually one to be avoided. Suddenly a familiar name riveted his attention. " You may be surprised to hear that I, the broken-down Bwairinan, waa onoe George Turle, vioar of Westhill and Drayton Zoy land." " Westhill! That'a in Devon, is it not ?'» " Yea. Do you know the < Land of the Red Deer?'" " I was born in the West," replied Horaoe vaguely. " But how came you to fall so low ?" " I had put myself into the power of Sir Ronald Carew. I owed him money—more than I could hope to pay. At last he offered me £1000, provided I would come to Australia and never return." " And what were you to do in return for such a large gift?" asked Horaoe excitedly. " I did not know at the time—l know now. I performed the ceremony of marriage between Sir Ronald Carew and a namesake of your own —a mere girl whom Sir Ronald persuaded to elope with him from school. He tired of her, and wished to wed one in his own rank. The proofs of his first marriage were in my posses sion. Now you can sco his object in getting me out of the country." " And you destroyed these proofs ?" "Sir Ronald did. I thought I should have him in my power then, but he was too clever for me. I kept copies, and after the lapse of some years wrote to my aooomplico, bidding him put the screw on. The answer catne that Sir Ronald laughed at my throats aud that if I returned to England I should assuredly be oharged with stouling tho church plate, which had disappeared at the time of my flight. He was rioh and powerful, yet I often thought if I could get baok to England I should be even with him yet." " He has long since passed beyond the reach of man," said Horaoe gravely, " but it is possible yet to repair in part the wroug you did. lam Sir Ronald's son !" The old man pazod at him with blank astonishment, but Horace continued : " I am the son of Sir Ronald Carew by Eva Radley. I cannot understand how it happened that my uncle was unable to trace the marriage, but every effort failed. I myself in after year* went to Drayton—it seemed a quiet old fashioned fishing village where the population would live and die—yet I could find none who remembered anything of the event." " Because you sought in the wrong place. Tho Drayton you explored is on the south coast—whilst Drayton /oyland is n tiny hamlet consisting only of a few houses in the north border of Devon." CItAITKB VII. " Olive, I think we should go to Lyston for a few weeks." ••Father!" " I know the place has painful associations for you, my dear—but four years have elapsed since we were there, and your aunt will neve forgive us if we don't pay her a visit beforr leaving for England." a Olive demurred slightly; she hated the thought of seeing Lyston again; but finding her father bent on the plan she at length assented, and a week later found herself again under the Brutous' hospitable roof. How little the place had changed, or the inhabitants either! The leggy cousins were men now with budding whiskers and deep gruff voices, but the place was just tho same, and the Bight of the old scene brought a dull heavy pain to Olive's heart that she could not stifle. A perfect lady, she had declined to pose as a " maiden all forlorn" when parted from her lover. The affection she bore her father made her bow quietly to his decision, and he thought that Horace was forgotten; but these calm still natures never forget. For a week or two the girl had drooped, then she seemed to re cover her old self again. She never mentioned his name, but—forget ? No, she would never forget. Her love, onoe awakened, would last for aye. Others had striven to win her, but in vain. She should never marry him, she told herself, but no other could ever fill his place. One evening she had been out riding with her father, and on their return they were met at the gate by Mr. Bruford. " Oh, I nay, Vaughau," ho called out almost as soon as they were within hearing; " there's somebody waiting to see you in the study! Hurry up, man; I'll dismount Olive. He's been waiting these three hours. There!" he continued, as ho lifted Olive from the saddle and kissed her lightly; "run into the house and make yourself spruce, little woman, for we have a visitor this evening. Oh Jerusalem! This is a lark!" "What's a lark, unole?" asked Olive, won derinir at his evident excitement. "Never mind. Be off and pat on your smartest gown and all your frill*." So Olive departed. She quickly mado her toilet, and entered the drawing-room curious to know who the guest might be, but the room was empty. She opened the piano and began to play, bat soon her thoughts floated back to bygone years, the music died away, and the girl sat there in a dreamy reverie. " OUve!" The voice was like an echo of her thought, and she turned with a glad cry: "Horaoe!" The one word told him all. In a moment he had caught her in his arms and was pressing burning kisses on her lips and brow. " Tell me—l do not understand," she said at length. " My birth is made clear, dearest—l am Sir Horace Carew." With a touch of her old self she put him from her. "And pray who is Sir Horace Carew that he ehould behave in this way P I was engaged once to Horaoe Radley, but he gave me up, willingly, no doubt, years ago." "Willingly! OUve!" " Well, at least you hare no right to snppoae I care for you now." " But you will give me yourself again ? Qite me the right to love and cherish you P" "Yes, dear," she said gently; "till death as do part.'