LITERATURE The Storyteller. The Swamp Grass Girl. Author of "The Woman Mac's," [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER I. BY CAREW. Author of "The Woman at Mac's," &c. The Koo-wee-rup Swamp was rich in colour. Wattle Island, defined against the sunset sky, appeared a gentle hill above a meadow. In reality the dark green of this meadow was dense ti-tree scrub, 20ft. in height; the purple shade (extending like a belt for miles), where a bush fire had swept across the silver-gray patch. Towards the south bamboo-like grass, just new topped with graceful feathery blossom, swaying as if brushed by an invisible hand; the tender green (nearer the oleared land) reeds, just sparse enough to give a flitting glimpse of the water beneath. In the magical changes of the sunset the different vegetations borrowed each other's hues, and, when the last rose-pink tint had faded, the whole vast expanse of country settled into a dim gray, fringed with the far distant purple of the hills. i The solitary spectator of all-this autumn rich ness stood near the strip of oleared water where a dingy flat-bottomed boat was moored. Behind him a vagabond tent was pitched and a oamp fire burning. An athletic well-built fellow, with sun-tanned face and an open-air vigour, he turned from the water and began to whistle, but, oheoking himself, said aloud, " Oh! of course I can't think of anything I knew before I came here; of course I must remember her song." Opening a valise he undid a bag of tea, a handful of which he threw into the "billy" with unnecessary energy. " Talking aloud, too; was I ever ass enough to talk aloud before ? Never 1" A handful of sugar thrown with equal vigour followed the tea. "I suppose if the Swamp Grass Girl likes Duke I shall be all right again." A pause. " No, I shan't. It will just be the devil's own work to live With me." He took a slab of bread and bit it viciously. "I might have been having tea with her; I might have been in the house where Duke is; but I meant to have an evening to myself, and here's luck to it!" He drained his pannikin of tea, then resting his chin on his hands looked into the fire. Three weeks before be had been unaware of the existence of the Swamp Grass Girl. He and his chum Duke Cass hadpitohed their tent on the edge of the Koo-wee-rup, quite regardless of anything but the means of getting the bark from Wattle Island. On the first evening, while they had stood looking at the water, a dingy-green boat had parted the rashes, and the girl (who was punting with a ti-tree pole), stepping ashore with her arms full of tall flowering grasses, had taken both their hearts by storm. Her slim erect figure, her soft dark hair, fair face, and violet eyes, had quite be witched them. "Ah, those eyes!" murmured the dejected one by the fire. Duke's first scheme for knowing her had been to borrow a cake of Boap! "We can't borrow food," he decided, " that would be beggarly; but if we profess a desire for cleanliness we shall assume a virtue even if we have it not." Somehow that cake of soap had been "washed down stream." "I borrowed the next," groaned the dejected one. Would he ever forget the day when after wan dering round the garden, and pumping a deal of information out of the gardener Dan Shea, he had come upon the Swamp Grass Girl picking autumn leaves? "Tosend to a flowerist man's in Swanston street," had whispered Dan Shea. The de jected one had already known that she lived with her widowed mother; that this delightful old garden and the endless treasure of the swamp vegetation furnished their livelihood. Could anything have been prettier than her manner when she said in her quaint Irish way, " You have heard of a primrose farm? This is one; only just now, all our primroses are chrysanthemums." Her mother, too—how gracious she was, a perfect lady, worshipped by Dan Shea and his muscular wife. How gracious she had been when giving her permission to the strange young men to oamp on her land. " You will not reach Wattle Island at once; local people and town men have been after the bark, but my son, who is a dootor in Melbourne, is the only person who has ever been to the island," she had said; and now after three weeks the two surveyors had not deprived her Son of that distinction. " Why do we stop ?" the dejected one asked of himself. " Why ? Because of the Swamp Grass Girl," he added in a whisper. To-day he had helped her to gather maiden hair fern and sweetbriar berries, had broken the bramble leaves, that bending they might die a lingering death, and that death be marked with all the autumn glory of russet gold, streaked with red. and brown. And when in all this dying glory they would be gathered and go with the violets to "the flowerist man's." How lovely the Swamp Grass Girl haA looked as she picked the vivid leaves from the espaliered pear-tree, saying, " Where will these leaves and my flowers go? Will they go to a ball or a theatre? Will they go to a hospital or sick room ? Will my white roses fade at a wedding or at a baby's funeral ?" What was she saying to Duke now? The dejeoted one rose, and going into the tent lighted a bottle lantern, and, seated on an improvised stretcher with a pad across his knee, wrote the following letter:— Koo-wee-rup, 6th May, 1888. Dear Mr. Cass, —If I don't send you word you will be fancying all sorts of mischief. Wo are both all right, and about as near to Wattle Island as we woro when in Molhounie. Wo have spent a day bushed iv tho swamp, and only succeeded in gottirtg on to Wallaby Island, which took us no nearer to that precious bark. Melbourne peoplo l.»«« not tho faintest notion of what t.bin nlane ia like. There ia plenty of water, but the ti-tree above it ia too thick for anyone to" penetrate. We have come to the conclusion that we most do as better men have done, consider Wattle Island a bogus. As regards the real motive of this excur sion, all is well. Duke is as steady as old Time, not because he can't get liquor (for the township is only a mile away), but because the Swamp Gra93 Girl whom I have mentioned before is a moßt re fining influence. I think that by the time wo return Duke will have got over the discredit con nected with his Commencement Day bout; and the shock (which one of your advisers suggested, to make him Bee the error of his ways) will be unnecessary. The girl whom Duke seems likely to choose is a lady. Her brother is Dr. Desmond, of South Yarra. Here the writer groaned. " Was there ever such hard lack? Sometimes I feel a scruple in letting her learn to like Duke. If I told her that he disgraced himself the day that his degree as an engineer was confirmed she might turn from him. No! she wouldn't, she'd despise me for telling her, and like him all the more. I came here as his keeper, his father helped me when no one else did. I can't go back on Duke, but it's confounded hard luck. I can't run against Duke. I wish I'd been a drunkard. I'd have been shown some consider ation then." With this highly comforting remark he strolled out of the tent. On the hillside the house (nestling amid European trees) showed two lighted windows. A piano was being played, snatches of " The Last Rose of Summer " were blown down the bill. He stood listening for a long while, and when at last Duke came down spoke cheerfully. "Had a good time?" he inquired. Duke's boyish figure seemed unsteady. His friend guided him to the light. " Dr. Desmond knows good whisky," said Duke. His friend looking at him pushed him on to a stretcher; then leaning forward-to within an inch of bis face asked, " Have you been with her?" Duke straightened himself. "Had sup per with her." His speeoh was thick. The other man spoke very distinctly. " You are a beast, and if you go near her again when you're like this I will kill you." Chapter 11. When Duke Cass awoke the next morning he felt decidedly uncomfortable. " It's bad enough to go to sleep hearing your friend say that be will kill you, but it's worse to wake up and not know whether be said it or you imagined it," he thought. His friend Jack Stanmore was already up, lighting the fire. Duke's perplexity as to the extent of his overnight's excess was interrupted by Dan Shea'sjvoice: "Master Brian, savin* yer ignorance, the dootor's compliments, and if yell come to the house it's glad he'll be to tell yer about the island." "When did the doctor come?" inquired Stanmore's voice. " Last night, after we was all abed, Faddy O'Reilly at the township was took ill, and they telegrammed for the praste an' the dootor, an' whin he'd seen to Paddy he come over to|his ma's for the night." Duke's fear of a "rouser" from Stanmore was averted by the sudden onslaught, upon the oamp of the doctor himself. A huge man, he came tearing down the hill and almost ran into the fire. " You got my message ?" he inquired. "Dan Shea's not-to be trusted; many's the time I have had to. go to see if he's left a message. You're after the wattle bark, I hear." His Bplendid set of teeth gleamed as be laughed. His deep Irish voice bad yet some thing of the softness of his sister's. " Come to breakfast with us," he cried. " We are hardly presentable," said Stanmore, and Duke blushed. " You know my sister, and the mother. Ah! there's a mother for you!" (" Wish she was," thought Duke.) " Ten years she's lived here— ever since she was left a widow; I was in Dublin till last year, and how I used to pine for her I Dan Shea, the devil fly away with you for an unreliable messenger! How was I to know you'd carry that message ?" He turned to the young men: " Come up when you feel inclined;" then he ran up the hill singing " Wid his shiny hat all the ladies love John Malone." Duke did not linger over his tea and cold bacon; after he had shaved, he and Stanmore went to the bouse. Near the fowl-yard they met the dootor, gun in hand, surrounded by his mother's poultry. He gave a knowing wink, saying, " Wait a second," as he fired at a passing turkey. Picking up the corpse be handed it to Duke. " Take it; make yourself a dinner," he explained. " How?" inquired the astonished youth. "Pluck him, man. Here you, Dan Shea, take this to Bridget, then." He shook his head: "I didn't mean to bring down that feller. I aimed at the other one; likely he's carrying a shot or two. Norah, you needn't oome out in terror. Do I come so often that you begrudge me one turkey?" The Swamp Grass Oirl blushed. " I'll intro duce you to the gentlemen. Faith, they've only been introduced by themselves as yet. Me sister, Miss Desmond—Mr. Stanmore and Mr. Cass (you told me their names this day). I don't know which is which of you, but no matter. About this island now. I'll tell you. It's lucky for you that Paddy O'Reilly made a beast of himself over tinned salmon, or I wouldn't be here now. Yes, Norah, lovey, it was only the salmon. Paddy's a long way from Kingdom Come yet.—Dan Shea, who's that you're smuggling along ?" " It's Bed Mike, that I haven't set eyes on these fifteen years." He grasped the stranger's hand; then, holding him at arm's length, said: "Mike, an' it's a long while since I went to your ' Ameri can wake.' " He turned politely to the young men: " Ah, but it was grand 1 We thought he was dead to his country, bo, before he left, we gave him a wake. I was no longer than this gun, was I, Mike?— An' I sat by and saw your old mother crying. Mike, you were a good boy. You were going back, if it was to be only a potato in Ould Oireland. You'd rather be there now, wouldn't you, Mike ?" Tho man shifted his feet uneasily. "No, Master Brian; this is the counthry for me." '' Master Brian" brandished bis Run. " Shame on yon, Mike! You've grown proud; your American wake made you too big for your boots. I know you, Mike ; you're the boy that I used to say to, * Mike, take off your pants and carry me across that bog;' and now you go back on Ould Oireland." •• Brian, don't; you'll frighten us all," said Norah. "You don't remember your home, child; you're part of this country." He waved his hand towards the swamp, then with a sudden turn whispered: " They tell me, Mike, you're as good a man wid the Bthiok as your Pepa." Mike grinned. " Faith, no, Master Brian." " About the prize-fighting man?" whispered the doctor. " Weel, I'll tell ye, sorr. I wint to where ho was, an' I ses ' I'm wantin to foight ye,' ses I; an' he ses ' All right,' ses he, ' come inter the yard,' ses he; an' I ses, ' I'm there almost,' ses I; an' wid that I takes me sthiok off the mantil shelf. 'What for's the sthiok?'ses he. 'To foight wid,' ses I. ' But I foight wid me fists,' ses he. 'AH right';- an' I'll foight wid the sthick,' sos I." Norah joined in the laugh. " Ah, but you've never seen a shilaleagh; it's just beautiful; none of your brutal fists, but real skill wid the sthiok," said the doctor as they went through the garden. Duke did not display much interest in the bit of soil or the shred of bark whioh the doctor showed as relics of Wattle Island. "I'd a weeny bit of me ooat left on me back, and that was all," he said. After dinner, to which both young men re mained to partake of the rashly-slain turkey, the doctor refused to let Stanmore slip away. •• You stop a bit; they tell me you've been real unsociable, and kept yourself to yourself; it's too wet for you to go to your tent." He pointed to the swamp, whioh, through the drizzling rain, was veiled in mist. A little later Stan more, thinking to escape, wandered from the veranda into a small plant house, where he found Norah arranging her box of flowers and ferns. If he had not been so certain that she cared for Duke he would have thought her smile one of welcome. He had never oared for any girl till now when, gazing at her downcast faoe, he realised how much it would haunt his future. " We are going away," he said suddenly. "Mr. Cass did not tell me." She spoke falteringly. "He will tell you everything soon," Stan more answered. His eyes met hers and saw that those wonderful violet depths were moist. "She does care for Duke," he thought. Aloud he said: " Will you give me a flower?— as it is the last time." A wave of despair crossed his heart. "The last time," he re peated. As she held out a rosebud he seized her warm soft hand in both his own, and, looking up, saw Duke's face distorted with passion. Norah moved away. Stanmore, after orossing the wet lawn, ran down to the wet tent, but Duke was gone. "He is most likely with her now," thought Stanmore. He took his gun and half a dozen cartridges, got into Norah's boat, and punted aoross to Wallaby Island. He did not know why he went; he hardly knew why he did any thing on that damp misty day, when the autumn leaves were no longer beautiful because they were wet and dank. It did not occur to him that Norah might want the boat to gather swamp grasses; he only realised that he must keep his promise to Mr. Cass of looking after Duke. He and the Swamp Grass Oirl loved eaoh other; her love would make Duke a better fellow. Perhaps the fear of losing her respect would be shook enough to keep. him steady when once he knew that she cared for him. Stanmore was sitting on a fallen tree trying to persuade himself that his disappointment would soon pass—that Norah, her boat, her flowers and ferns, would soon become only an episode in one of his survey trips. He rose, laid the gun aoross the seat of the boat, and was just stepping in when he saw Norah at the landing place. There was no mistaking that slim figure in the dove-coloured mackintosh; her head was erect; her faoe against the gray landscape seemed almost white. Then Stan more saw that Duke was beside her—Duke at his worst, a worst hitherto unknown to Stan more. Duke began by being facetious; he was laughing. " You won't speak ? I know you,.though. You're the Swamp Grass Girl. You let me hold your hand yesterday, and Stanmore held it this afternoon; and now I'll do more—l'll kiss you." He stepped nearer to the girl, who, gathering her cloak in one hand and pushing him back with the other, began to run. "Duke! Duke!" shouted Stanmore. "Oh! You're there, are yon? Well, you shan't stop me," cried Duke, as he turned to follow Norah. " Duke, Dake," implored Stanmore, who had been struggling to bring the boat against stream, but as she swung round again he dropped the pole, and, stooping, quick as thought seized the gun and fired. The smoke, a small curl, faded into the misty rain; a long-legged coot flew by with a startled cry. The feathery grasses waved, the water rippled, and still Stanmore did not move. Norah had fallen on her knees, with her face in her hands, near where Duke was lying full length on the grass. Presently Stanmore guided the boat to the landing; he lingered to fasten it from drifting away. He wanted to lengthen the moments, those few moments left before he looked at Duke's dead face. How had he come to snoh a pass? He had not meant this last night when he had threatened Dake with the words: " I will kill you." He bent over Norah, and helped her to her feet. In pity for his misery she did not shrink from his touch. Stanmore saw that Duke's right hand was bent beneath him; shuddering he drew it out. He turned the body over and lightly touched the breast; a patch of blood came upon his open hand; he groaned and turned to Norah: " I will take you home. Do not look at him; his face is to the sky, he won't see you. You are not afraid of me ? I suppose you know that I did it to protect you. Don't look back. Never mind the rain: he can't feel it. He will never feel the cold anymore. Oo in now; I will find yonr brother. I shall never see you again. Never again in all this world 1 Why do you stay ? Go in. Good-bye—good-bye—and don't look back." Chapter 111. When the doctor joined Stanmore in the drizzling rain the young man spoke with painful quietness: " Doctor, I have killed Duke Cas3. Ho was drank and frightened your sister; I had the gun, and he is down there." He pointed to where a gleam of water showed through the dusk. " I didn't get help to have him carried to the house because of your mother; I want your help." The doctor was not excited; bis feeling 3 were condensed, for he had already met Norah. " I'm sorry for you," he said; " I like you, I didn't like the other youngster. Come on." "I'll stay here," said Stanmore.- ''I'll promise not to move while you go and look at him." The doctor ran down the hill; Stanmore leaned over the slip panel. He was thinking of his mother and Duke's mother, two women who had died when he and Duke were babies. Did those mothers know and pity them now ? Presently out of the gray mist the doctor's burly figure reappeared. He laid his hand on Stanmore'B shoulder: " You're all right, me boy; he can't be muoh hurt, for he's walked off." Stanmore flung up his arms; he could have shrieked for joy; then he lowered his head: "Bat he was dead," he answered. " You thought so; but I suppose you hadn't courage to feel him properly. We'll go and look for him, he'll be a bit sobered now; we'll cooey him back though." "Your sister—tell her!" suggested Stan* more. The doctor'ran indoors for a minute; re turning, he said as they walked down the pad dock : " The women, plague on 'em. You can't trust them." He paused, and making a tube of hia uplifted hands cooeyed lustily. Stanmore also called "Duke—Duke," at the top of hia voice, but there was no response. " You oan't trust a woman till Bhe's over fifty; my mother's the only one I'd trust. I don't suppose Norah has meant any harm, but she's the cause of this. Don't pin your faith on a girl. I'll tell you now, I worked like a demon for a girl; I atuok in Dublin to be near her. Are you listen ing?" . Stanmore had stopped, and was straining every nerve to catch some response to his call: the wet saplings dripped great drops upon him. " We'll nave to go back; it's too dark to see," said the dootor. Yes, I slaved for her, and just before I got my ' final' she married a fellow for his money." " Are you sure he wasn't in the tent ? Did you look ?" Stanmore oried. "An11 didn't," answered the doctor; in an instant he was alone. He made hia way over slippery logs, and through wet scrub, but when hear the camp stopped suddenly. A sickly fire was flickering, the blueness of its dull light falling upon Duke Cass. Stanmore nearing him, their eyes met, and with only the words " Duke" and " Stsnny," they did what they had often done as children, literally rushed into each other's arms: "It'squite affecting," thought the doctor He took off his wet hat and fanned himself with it. " Whirr! but its brought out the limejuica I never was so warm, or so cold, as I've been this last hour." He cleared his throat and walked to the fire. " Now, Mr. Stanmore, I'll trouble you to listen to the end of my lova affair." He looked at Duke, whoso eyes fell. '•What's up with you? Give us your fiat. Where's the blood coming from? Your arm, and yon lay on it, and smeared your coat, and made believe to be shot through the heart. Don't speak. (Duke showed no inclination tc even whisper.) You'll come to the houso, and I'll relieve you of that bit of lead. You needn't be afraid of meeting some one; you'll novor set her again. Stanmore —you walk up with us, and I'll tell you about that affair. She married the other fellow, and there was to be anothei wedding at the same Church of England plac< an hour before the time her's was fixed for; and her old dad says to the parson, ' Make th« other wedding wait;' and the parson says, ' 1 can't;' and the old dad says, ' Then devil a bii will I have any wedding here; it's not mj daughter's wedding that shall come in at thi tail end of any other man's.' And with that he takes her next door to the . Presbyteriat Church; and that's the end of my love affair." When nearly a year later Stanmore returned to Melbourne from his survey camp, Dukt said: "Steady? Oh! yes. I got my shock. It began when the Swamp Grass Girl refused me, and was settled when I thought you had killed me. Fright ? I dare say,.but I thought I was dead. I'm not likely to forget myself while a certain vision threatens me. The gray water, the girl in gray, your white faces, and those mournful waving grasses." A day or two afterwards Stanmore stood in Swanston-street, looking into a florist's window. The swamp grasses and the richly-tinted bramble leaves were there. People were crowd ing past him, bnt his mind was miles away. As he stared into the window a pair of violet eyes met his above the grasses. Before he could rush into the shop Dr. Desmond ran out. " This is luck; we've been thinking of tid vertisingfor you; we've wanted you so badly. Norah's inside settling some business. I must be away, but you arrange with hor about when you'll go to see the mother." Stanmore went to the doorway, and as Norah came out took her hand. " I could never sco those blackberry leaves without thinking of you," he said. " I never do see them without thinking of you," she answered. It must have been the love in his eyes which made her speak so bravely. " May I go back to your mother wilh you ?'" he asked. " Oh, yes, if you will," she replied. And only the " flowcrist mnn," who lost hia grass-gatherer, has ever regretted Stanmoro'a going.