THE OTHER MAN.* 

 BY MARY GAUNT 

 (MRS. H. LINDSAY MILLER). 

 (Continued from Last Saturday.) 

 CHAPTER XIX. 

 A STRUGGLE FOR LIFE. 

 Another half-hours scramble and they emerged on a tiny clearing about an acre in extent, surrounded by a post-and-rail fence, with a weatherboard cottage in the middle. On the verandah a woman and half-a-dozen children were standing anxiously looking out, but so dense was the smoke the newcomers had come half way across the clearing before they were seen by those on the verandah. 

 "Hey, honey," called out the good woman as they approached, "but who are yer? What, Mrs. Marsden, from Bolwarra. I was afeard ye might be along, but hey, whaur's 

 your man?" 

 The tears came into Dolly's eyes as she thought of Roger. What would she not have given to have had him by her side. 

 "He--He went over to Crafcr's," she 

 answered. 

 "To Crafers? Why, but I seed him my- self last night." 

 "He went this morning," said Ruth. 

 "This morning! Lord sakes! He never leaved ye this morning. Why, the wind were blowin' such a hurricane as never was." 

 "It wasn't so bad when he left," protested Dolly, "and I never dreamt of such a fire as this. Last year the brushwood was burnt, but it didn't do much harm else. He said he'd be home at 7 to-night, and now," fairly breaking down, "there won't be any home for him to come to." 

 "Lord sakes! Lord sakes!" muttered Mrs. Mitchell, looking at Ruth, "The in- nocents ye are--to leaveyje with a north wind a blowing like this. Ye'll be Mrs. Marsden's sister now? Ay, I've heard till of ye. But come in, come m, an' give the babby a sup o' milk He's greetin', poor thing. God knows how long we can stop 

 here." 

 "But Mrs. Mitchell, where's your hus- 

 band?" 

 "Down Warrnambool way hoein' 'taters. Last week he went. We can no live by the selection alone yo see--but adeary me"-- going to the door and looking out at the drifting smoke, "I dunno can we save the house wi'out 'im. Johnny ha' ye filled every- thmg wi' watter--the pig bar'el an' all?" 

 "Yes, Mammy," said a bright little lad of twelve, setting down a heavy bucket full of water and leaning against the doorpost while he wiped the heat drops from his forehead; "yes, Mammy, there ain't nothen left 'cept the cups, and them ain't no good. What shall we do now?" 

 Ruth glanced round her quickly. 

 Some sheds at short distances one from the other stretched from the house to very nearly the edge of the clearing. They were used evidently as stables, cow-byres, and pig- 

 sties. 

 "Do you think we can stay here Mrs. 

 Mitchell?" Ruth asked. "Hadn't we better go while we can?" 

 "Well, I dunno," said the good woman "it's the only home we's got. I'd like well to save it if I could, an' we're four full grown women, nob to count the children. The clearin's all planted wi' 'taters, too," she went on, looking round at the neat furrows. "Green 'taters can't burn We's stop as long as we can." 

 "Very well; we'll help all we can. But the children; they are such mites." 

 "Oh, they're helpful,' said the mother. "Clary's thirteen, and Johnny he's handy, an' Sam he's good, but he's hurted his foot, an' maun just mind the little ones. The babby-- she's but three months old. But what can we do, though?" 

 "Let's pull down those sheds; the bark roofs will burn like anything if we leave them standing. But what shall we do with the little ones, Dolly?" 

 Dolly had been sitting with her baby on her lap, watching her sister with eager 

 eyes. 

 "Yes, yes," she said, "I'll put baby among the potatoes." 

 The two mothers ran out of the house, and Dolly folding the blanket close around her boy laid him down in a potato furrow so that the bending green leaves might shelter him somewhat. Mrs. Mitchell put her three- months old baby beside him, and a tiny girl of two years, who had no shoes on and who clung terrified to her mother's skirts, was sat down and told to " be good now and mind baby," while Sam, a pretty, delicate boy of eight or nine, who had hurt his foot and could hardly walk, was told to mind the 

 lot. 

 Then the women and the rest of the children set to work with might and main to pull down the outbuildings; even a little boy of five, who had lost his hat and who only had on a shirt and a pair of trousers, helped with the rest. It was hard work--work they were none of them accustomed to--and in their hurry they had no time to look for tools, and though all worked with a will there was no method in it, and the did not progress very fast. The smoke, too, was thicker than ever, and made their eyes smart and water. Just overhead, close at hand almost, it seemed, hung the sun, a round blood red ball, which they could look at easily with the naked eye, and the children kept crying-- 

 "The moon, the funny moon, mammy, do look at the moon." 

 They worked on steadily for what seemed like hours till the first shed was level with the ground, and then Ruth suddenly raising her eyes saw the lurid glow of the flames through the smoke and brushwood. They would be right down on the little clearing in a very few minutes. She dropped the axe she had been using and pointing with her finger called-- 

 "Mrs Mitchell, Mrs. Mitchill, look! look!" 

 "Children, children," called the good woman, wringing her hands, "leave the sheds. We mun save the house," and they all made for the house, which was very nearly in the centre of the clearing. 

 "Johnnt," cried his mother, "you get on the roof, and we's hand you up wet blankets an sacks." 

 Like all Australian cottages, the house was one-story and the roof very low, so that the 

 boy had no difficulty in obeying his mother, who, having dragged out the kitchen table, 

 stood on it, handing him up buckets of water 

 and blankets, while the other three women with the children went backwards and forwards to the waterhole bringing water in every available vessel, from the biggest wash- tub to the tin dipper. 

 The forest behind them was in flames now, the smoke was stifling, and the heat unbear- able, while the strong north wind bore before it great burning branches and sheets of bark. 

 The outhouses were on fire, and the fence was a ring of flame; still the little band 

 worked on. Mrs. Mitchell was a stern, hard- 

 featured woman of five-and-thirty, who 

 looked considerably older than her years, and her children evidently believed in her, and worked well under her guidance. 

 "Johnny, my lad," she said, "it's wet the 

 roof ain't it?" 

 "Fine an' wet," he answered. "I think we'll save it yet, but the sheds is all afire, an' it's comin' quite close." 

 "Never heed the sheds if we can save the house," she said. "An' we'll do it, we'll do 

 it." 

 The workers themselves were wet through, and safe therefore from the flying sparks and Ruth was just beginning to think they might really succeed, when a cry from the eldest girl startled her. 

 "Mammy! Mammy! it's aglow on the other side. The lean-to's caught. " 

 "No, no," cried the poor woman sharply. "No, no. Oh, God!I oh, God! It's the third time I've been burnt out. Not this time, Lord. Not this time." 

 The boy slid down off the roof just as the flames burst out on the other side, and above the roaring of the bush fire they could plainly distinguish the crackling of the weather- boards, and knew their efforts had been in 

 vain. 

 Clara called out again that it was "aglow *All Rights Reserved. 

 inside," and the poor woman threw one more despairing look at her home. 

 "We's8 run now for our lives," she said, and they turned and ran to where they hand left the children. The babies were crying in the furrow, while the two elder ones were crouching under the potato plants for shelter from the fierce heat, which was almost un- 

 bearable. 

 "We can't stay here," said Dolly, snatch- ing up her child: "the waterhole-let's get 

 into the waterhole." 

 Mrs. Mitchell shook her head. 

 "It's five-foot," she said, "wez'd be drowned. We mun run through the 

 forest." 

 "But--but it's all on fire." 

 "No matter, we can't stan' here to be roasted alive. We's wet oursels in the watter, an' there's a clearin' four times this size about a mile away. Here, Sam, you get on Mammy's back," and she stooped to let the lame boy climb up. " Clary, you carry the babby--an' 

 --an' "---- 

 "Gretehen, you must carry the little girl," said Ruth, "I'll take Billy, here," and she caught the bare-footed boy of five and dipped him in the waterwhole, " and Johnny must take his brother's hand, and keep close with us, else he'll be lost in the smoke." 

 "God bless you, Miss," said the woman gratefully as she suw her children disposed of among them, "what should I ha' done wi'out ye this day?" 

 They fairly raced across the little paddock, and in less than three minutes after the house had caught they were ready to start on their perilous journey through the forest, and Ruth called on Mrs. Mitchell to lead the way. The house was now one mass of flames. It seemed certain death to stay where they were, for even the potato plants were shrivelling up fast, while behind them the forest was one lurid mass of flames from the scrub and undergrowth to the tops of the tallest trees, but ahead as yet only the tops of the trees were on fire, and their hope lay in reaching the clearing before the scrub was impassable. There was not a moment to be lost, aa they slipped over the charred and smouldering remains of the post-and-rail fence. Billy Ruth picked up in her arms, but poor little Tom, clinging tight hold of his elder brother's hand, and being dragged on despairingly cried out pitifully as the burning coals touched his bare feet. 

 "Keep close, Johnny," implored Ruth, fearing lest the children should get lost in the smoke, "Tom, take hold of my dress." 

 Bravely Mrs. Mitchell led the way; straight on she went, heedless of the dense smoke and the burning leaves and pieces of bark that every now and then fell on her. Luckily the little lad on her back had his wits about him, and swept them off or extinguished them in his hard little hands. Next her came Gretchen plodding on as stolidly and as calmly as if running for her life with a heavy child on her back was an everyday occurrence with her; and behind her came Clara, frightened, but quiet, and guarding her little charge with the tenderest care; Dolly followed and last of all came Ruth, sometimes carrying Billy, and then when her strength gave out setting him down to run beside her while she gave a helping hand to poor little Tommy, who, very little older than the other child, found his way impeded by the sharp stones and rough logs. If she had had time she would have torn up her skirt or a piece of blanket to bind up the poor little bare feet; but there was no time for now every dry twig and piece of bark kept bursting into flame, so she could only help on first one and then the other and implore Johnny to hold tight to his 

 brother's hand. Once or trice Dolly in her anxiety looked round, but her sister waved 

 her on. 

 "Go on, go on," she cried. "You can't help us. We're all right; go on. There's no time to spare." 

 And, indeed, there was not, for already the fire was roaring overhead--already her ulster was full of smouldering holes, and the boys shirts were nearly burnt off their backs, and she kept putting the fire out and dragging them on with encouraging words. It was barely a twenty minutes' run to the little clearing, but to her it seemed hours and hours. She thought they never could reach it. All her life pissed before her. She thought of herself and her sister, two lonely little girls clinging to one another; of their life at Kooringa; of Dolly's marriage; of Maitland, of her engage- ment; of her perplexities and sorrows, 

 and wondered if after all she would 

 not be better deand, and out of it all. But not--oh, not such a cruel death as this. She must get out of it, she would; and she picked up again the smallest boy, who was beginning to flag, and implored the other two not to 

 give up yet. 

 "Such a little way now, boys; such a little way." 

 Yes, such a little way, but could they do it? All the birds seemed to have left the forest 

 long ago, but lizards and snakes glided past them, rabbits scuttered away through the fern, and dingoes and wallabies fled before the advancing flames, and paid no heed to their human companions in the race for life. At last, just as she begun to feel that she could stand no more, that the smoke was overpowering her and the heavy weight dragging her down, the whole party emerged on a little plain covered with long yellow grass dry as tinder now in the mid Hi of summer. It was nearly two acres in extent, and they made for the centre so as to be as far away as possible from burning branches and falling trees and Ruth, gathering up the last remnants of her strength, put her arms round both little boys, and more than half carried them up to their brothers and sisters. Then she sank exhausted beside them, feeling that not to save her own life, no, nor her sister's, which was twenty times dearer, could she have gone a step farther. 

 "Mrs. Mitchell," asked Dolly, vainly try- ing to hush her child, who was crying pitifully, "are we safe here do you think?" 

 "I dunno," said the woman, raising her head and looking round. "I dunno. The wind's that high an' the smoke's 

 smotherin'." 

 The fire was making headway fast now; the ground felt scorching beneath their feet, 

 and the air was filled with burning leaves and great sheets of bark which were borne aloft on the fierce wind, and which, falling all around them, set alight not only to the crisp grass, but to their clothes as well. 

 "The grass'll be alight in a minute all over," said Mrs. Mitchell hopelessly. "God help us!--we mun die." 

 Ruth looked up hopelessly. Dolly had flung herself on the ground with her baby fast clasped to her breast and her head on 

 her sister's knee. 

 "Oh Roger, Roger," she heard her moan- ing. "My Roger, you'll never see your baby again. Oh, my Roger--- 

 "Hush! hush!" 

 The howling of the wind and the roaring of the flames made an infernal din, and every now and then, through the smothering smoke, they could see the great trees, verit- able pillars of flame, falling with a terrible crash. The grass on the plain was luckily scanty, but it was burning in patches already. 

 "Surely we're safe now," said Ruth, grasp- ing her sister's hand, "surely?" 

 "The grass is catchin'." 

 "But--but--couldn't we burn it in front of us like people do?" 

 "I dunno," said the woman wearily. "I reckon if we ha a man amongst us we might. But we're done--Eh! my man, my man! but I'll never see ye more;" and Ruth, looking up, saw the tears streaming down 

 her hard face as she rocked herself to and fro with the two youngest children clasped 

 close in her arms. 

 The others seeing their mother give way, raised a pitiful wail, and the girl felt that now indeed was her last hope gone. Closer she bent over her sister, put her lips down to the dear face she had loved so tenderly all her life, and prayed with all her heart that the smoke might be merciful, and they feel no pain. It was such a terrible death-- such a terrible death, such a ghastly hor- 

 rible death. 

 "God help us," she sobbed, "God help us! God be merciful to us! If only----" 

 CHAPTER XX. 

 SAVED! 

 What was that? Surely it was a man's voice shouting, and surely that was the gal- 

 loping of a horse, heard even above the crackling of the flames and the roar of the 

 tempest. 

 Ruth started to her feet. 

 "We're saved! We're saved! They're 

 coming to help us!" she cried wildly, as bursting through the ring of flame at the southernmost end of the plain came two men urging forward their frightened horses with whip and spur. They saw the women and children at once in spite of the dense smoke and made straight for them. A moment more they were beside them, and Ruth could hardly repress a cry, for the man who sprang from his horse close beside her, put his hand on her arm, and peered down anxiously into her face was the man she had thought never to see again; the man she had parted from with such bitterness and heart-breaking on Dolly's wedding day--this very day two years 

 ago. 

 "Is it you?--is it you?" she cried, "or am I dead? Or dreaming?" 

 "My darling," he muttered, "I have come 

 in time." 

 But Dolly knew him at once. She had no doubts as to his identity. 

 "Mr. Maitland, Mr. Maitland," she sobbed, "you will help us, you will save us now!" 

 "Yes, yes. Come on, Hardy," he said to the other man whom they did not know; "we haven't a moment to lose." 

 It was all done so quickly. The women held the horses, and the two men proceeded to set alight to the grass south of where they stood. Systematically they did it, as the women might easily have done if they had not been so frightened and worn out, and soon all the southern end of the plain was one mass of flame, driven before the high north wind, while the smoke was more stifling than ever. 

 Help had not come a moment too soon, for the northern end was now alight and swept down on them rapidly, and they retreated on to the patch they themselves had burned, which though hot mid black and smoking, had by then burned itself out. The grass fire swept on till it met the burnt patch and then died out for want of fuel to feed it, and the rescued party found they had the little blackened plain for a refuge 

 and were saved. 

 The hot black ground burnt their feet, the smoke nearly stifled them, but this little patch was an ark of refuge, and they were safe if the forest burned, as it promised to do all night. The fierce wind blew sheets of burning bark, branches, and leaves on to them, and it was only with care they kept the children's light clothes from catching. The men huddled them all together as far lrom the fire as possible, and Maitland, gently seating Ruth beside her sister, drew the blanket Dolly had round her boy over both their heads, while the little lads Ruth had brought through the burning bush crouched down beside them and buried their faces in their skirts. The others huddled up to them hiding their faces as best they might, and Ruth felt Maitland close beside her, and his presence gave her courage to bear the cruel heat and the dcadly weariness that was creeping over her. Hardy's horse had escaped, and was racing round and round the ring of fire like a thing demented, and Mait- land at first had a desperate struggle to keep his own mare quiet, but at last he managed to soothe her, and stooped over Ruth. Dolly was crying quietly, her head on her sister's shoulder, and Maitland, handing over his horse to the other man, knelt down beside them to make his voice heard. His face was burnt and blackened by the nearness of the flames, and Ruth felt her own eyes fill with tears as she met his anxious gaze. 

 "You are not hurt?" he asked, anxiously. 

 She shook her head. "Sure?" 

 "Indeed no. Are we safe now?" "Quite safe/" 

 "But--but--you were only just in time." 

 "Oh, my God," he muttered; "only just 

 in time." 

 "You came through the fire for us?" 

 "No, no. We started, Hardy and I, be- cause I heard Marsden had gone to Crafer's and I knew you'd be alone; but we were too late. The fire was on us; we couldn't push through and Hardy knew of this place, so we made for it. I thought--I have been thinking"---- 

 His voice failed, and Dolly raised her 

 head. 

 "Oh, Mr. Maitland, you're making light of your share. Mr. Hardy told me you would go on till he said he knew we must be dead if we were at Bolwarra or Mrs. Mitchell's. Why your face is all burned----" 

 "Only scorched----" 

 "Roger? Do yon know----Will he be safe? He will, won't he?" 

 "Certainly--quite safe. Don't cry, Mrs. Marsden. Oh, don't cry, there's a good girl." 

 "I--I--can't help it I'm the selfish one, I know. I haven't been able to think of any- thing but baby and not seeing Roger any more--and Ruth--she bus worked for me and these children--and you--and you--and Mr. Hardy--to whom we are just nothing at all, have risked your lives to save us. Ruth, why don't you thank him? I can't." 

 Ruth put her hand in his for a moment, and her heart beat so madly she thought 

 Dolly must hear. 

 He had risked his life for her--he would have given it willingly--she read it in the anxious passionate face bent over her, and she forgot everything in the one glad thought that he loved her still--after all these long weary months--he loved her still, and the pressure of her hand, the gladness in her eyes were all the thanks he needed. 

 The other man broke in on them. 

 "I think it's going to rain," he said. 

 Maitland rose to his feet and stamped out a piece of burning bark that had fallen close 

 beside them. 

 "I am sure I wish it would," he said. "We're nearly roasted alive here." 

 "Oh, the worst is over now," said Hardy. 

 "'Tis hot. to be sure, but the brushwood's burnin' itself out, and once the rain comes we'll be all right. We must just be patient; 

 and, indeed, it's a miracle we're alive to tell the tale. Be good now, children, be good; 't ain't no good to cry. You'll come down to my place and get your teas as soon as the 

 rain comes." 

 They were wonderfully good and patient, those little bush children, as they sat there on the ground leaning one against the other extinguishing the sparks which fell on them, and which as time went on grew fewer and fewer. Dolly's boy raised a pitiful wail every now and then that went to his mother's heart, and Mrs. Mitchell, hugging her baby close, was silently wiping the tears away. 

 Poor thing, her husband was away, she had seven children, and had lost everything she possessed in the world. 

 "Don't cry, ma'am," said Hardy, with rough kindness. " 't might have been worse. 

 See, the kids are all right, and the fire'll clear the land for you fine. We'll start off for my place soon as we can--it's not above three miles off, an' my old woman'll look 

 after you." 

 "But are you sure it's all right?" asked Ruth. "Look at the fire. What could stop 

 it?" 

 "Forty acres of 'taters, Miss," he said, "and the house right in the centre. Oh, we're all right. To be sure the fences have all gone, and that means a pot o' money; but Lord! I'm in luck compared to the 

 rest." 

 "Is everyone burnt out?" 

 "Lord! yes. They've been runnin' in ever since seven this morning, mostly women an' children, for the men's all away harvestin'. We're not above a mile from the township, you know, and it's pretty well clear there, but there'sa not a house standing in the forest for miles round. I saw t'was n't ii bit of good trying to stop the fire. It'll burn on till it 

 reaches the sea." 

 "It was brave of you to come for us," said Ruth. "It was the bravest thing I ever 

 heard of." 

 She dared not trust herself to speak to Maitland, but to this man she might safely pour out her gratitude. 

 "Woa, mare, woa then. The devil fly away with you! 'T'was only a spark, an' you've seen plenty of them to-day. Indeed, Miss, you haven't much to thank me for. I 

 was just dodgin' about helpin' the women an' kids, when one comes along wringin' 

 hands and sayin' the Mitchells was farthest 

 out and 'ud be burnt, and then Mr. Maitland 

 come and says quite sharp like, 'What about Marsden, of Bolwarra--anyone seen any- thing of them!' I remembered then I'd seen, your man ridin' through the township 

 quite early before things began to look bad, 

 and"---- 

 "Like a jolly good fellow, Miss Grant," 

 said Maitland; "he just turned and rode with me to your help." 

 "Well, I don't know," said the man, I would n't ha' been any good much by mysel', I'd ha' turned back long ago. But Mr. Mait- land, he kep on till his hair an' his clothes was afire an' then it was too late. I'm mighty dry I know. I wish that storm'd hurry 

 up." 

 "It's coming, it's coming," said Maitland, "but it's weary work waiting." 

 It was weary work waiting, only the know- ledge that they were safe kept them up. Mait- land stooped over them now and again, and his touch and his presence brought Ruth such comfort and such happiness she could have sat there quietly supporting her sister for hours, wilfully shutting her eyes to the future. Why should she want the time to pass? To-day the man she loved was close beside her, tenderly guarding her, her more than friend, her saviour--the old barrier was still between them--to-morrow--to-night even--they must part. Why should she wish the time to pass? 

 And so the afternoon stole slowly on--the hot burning afternoon--the heavy smoke lightened a little, and the furious wind gradually subsided. Four o'clock--five o'clock--six o'clock--the clouds had been gathering steadily, and now there came a vivid flash of lightning and a deafening clap of thunder--another and another--and then there followed a perfect deluge of tropical rain which hissed as it fell on the red-hot forest. The two men raised a shout they might hope to get away now--and Dolly awakening Ruth tried to raise her to her feet. But she was stiff and cramped, and would have fallen but for Maitland's sustaining 

 arm. 

 "You are tired," he said gently, "and cramped. You must let me help you. We shall get away now. Mrs. Marsden," he added, "you must come down to my house. I left word for Maraden I'd bring you there. Hardy says he and Cuningham, the black- 

 smith, can manage for Mrs. Mitchell between 

 them." 

 "Thank you," said Dolly, wearily, trying to hush her fretful child. "When can we go? The fire must be out now. I'm wet through already." 

 "Is it far?" asked Ruth. 

 "A little over three miles. And you are worn out," he added. 

 "No, no. I was thinking of the little children. That poor little chap's feet are so terribly cut and burnt." 

 "He shall ride, shan't you, old man? Hallo Hardy, where's your horse? I saw him a moment ago." 

 "Made clean tracks the brute, at the first flash. He's gone in the direction of home, though. You put up Tommy and the little girl. Oh, no, by Jove! that won't do. Here's Sam here with a bad foot too. Put them two up an' we must hump the little ones amongst us somehow. Here, I'll take the little chap, and lead the way. And, I say, look out for falling branches an' trees. 'T'aint no joke, I can tell you." 

 The storm still continued and the ram was pelting down when they started on their journey. All round them the trees were falling and branches were snapping off, but they felt they could wait no longer, they must risk something. Weary as they were, their progress was necessarily slow, but they had hardly gone a mile in the pouring rain when they heard a loud cooey ringing through the forest. Hardy put his fingers in his mouth and sent back a shrill reply, and there came bursting through the blackened forest Marsden and Cuningham, the black- smith, who, it appeared, was some distant connection of Mrs. Mitchell. 

 The latter was loud in his congratulations, 

 but Roger said hardly a word. He put his arm round his tired wife and lifted the heavy boy from her arms, while the blacksmith undertook to lend the horse, and thus set Mait- land free to help Ruth, who was drooping under the weight of Mrs. Mitchell's little 

 girl. 

 He took the child, and drew the girl's hand through his arm. 

 "You must let me help you, just this once," he said, "only this once." 

 "You are tired," she said, "and Polly is so heavy." 

 "I am not tired, and Polly is not heavy. Won't you let me help you?" 

 And they walked on silently through the blackened forest, and the rain poured down in torrents. The little girl put her arras round his neck and rested her cheek against 

 his. 

 "I does love you," she said. "You putted out the fir, an' didn't let it burn Polly." 

 He laughed a little. 

 "There," he said, "there, you see have my reward." 

 Ruth would have said something, but a sob choked her, and Maitland drew her a 

 little closer to him. 

 "Hush, dear," he might have been speak- ing to the child, "my reward is very great-- all I would ask. Bear up a little longer. Brave little girl--only another mile now." 

 Every now and again they heard the trees falling, and once or twice one fell just in front of Hardy, who was leading, but he just turned aside a little and went steadily on. The sooner they were out of it the better. Cuningham volubly related how Marsden had come riding back from "Crafter's" "like mad," and wanted to push his way through the fire, and how he, Cuningham, and Wilson, of the Shearers' Arms had stopped him and assured him that Hardy and Mr. Maitland had gone already--and if they couldn't help them mortal man couldn't, and now when the storm gathered he would wait no longer, and he (Cuningham) had come with him because he really never had thought to see any of them 

 alive again. 

 They were plainly visible now, the glimmer- ing lights of the town that seemed to stretch out friendly arms to welcome them. Was it the rain or the tears in her own eyes that made those lights so unsteady? Strangely her thoughts went back to that winter's night, her first night at Kooringa, when she had looked out on the lights through the pouring rain. It had been her first step in the un- 

 known world. Would she go back and wipe out all those months with their few joys and their great sorrow--would she if she could-- and be again the innocent girl who had looked out drearily at the light gleaming through the winter's rain? Would she? And then with a great rush of pride and gladness she knew she would not--she knew she was 

 proud and glad because the man beside her 

 had risked his life for them--wildly glad when she thought that this had been done 

 for love of her. Wrong, very wrong, cruelly wrong; but she thought not of that, as they emerged on the main road and the glimmer- ing lights were close at hand. 

 The blacksmith put his hands close to his mouth and raised another loud cooey, which was answered by shouts and the sound of many hurrying feet. Men and women rushed out into the rain--questioning, pity- 

 ing, congratulating--and offers of shelter came 

 from all sides. 

 "It's all light, it's all right," cried Mait- land, raising his voice. "Mr. Marsden's people an all coming down to my house. But will any of you help Mrs. Mitchell and 

 her little children?" 

 "That's all right," said Hardy, "we've arranged all that. Hand over the little girl to Fred here--he'll carry her down to my place, and you let us have your mare for the boys and I'll send her up by an' by. Good night, Mr. Maitland, we've done a hard day's 

 work together, haven't we?" 

 "Good night mate," said Maitland, hand- ing over the sleeping child to a lad of 16, Hardy's eldest son. "We've succeeded too, that's best, and I'll never forget how you stood by me." 

 "Cheer up, Mrs Marsden. It's only a step now. Where's your servant? Come along. My housekeeper'll look after you." 

 "Mag'll be pretty glad to get out," said Gretchen stolidly; "he's been in my pocket all day. I wonder he ain't smothered." 

 The magpie gave an assenting croak so opportunely that it made Dolly laugh--a laugh that ended in a sob, and Marsden turned and put his hand on Maitland's 

 arm. 

 "I owe you more than ever I can pay," he said. "How can I thank you?" 

 "You needn't, old man! you needn't. I assure you I went because--because Hardy went. Any one of the men here would have done the same. Come on, old chap, your wife is worn out and there's my house over there. See the lights In the window to wel- 

 come you. I told my housekeeper to expect you, but I thought we'd be here hours ago. And it's getting quite chilly with all this 

 rain." 

 (To be Continued Next Saturday.)