THE OTHER MAN.* 

 BY MARY GAUNT 

 (MRS. H. LINDSAY MILLER). 

 (Continued from Last Saturday.) 

 CHAPTER XXI. 

 POOR ALICK FINLAYSON. 

 Maitland's housekeeper, a decent-looking old body, opened the door at the sound of 

 their voices. 

 The house was small, only a weather- board cottage like the one they had left that morning, and very plainly furnished; but to the two tired, weary women the little white- curtained bedroom seemed a very haven of 

 rest. 

 Mrs. Baker showed them into the room and then disappeared, and returned again bearing two glasses of wine. 

 "Mr. Maitland sent it," she said. "It'll do ye a world of good. Ye can have some 

 tea after " 

 "Thank you," said Ruth. 

 "Oh, Ruth, Ruth," sighed Dolly, when the woman had gone, "what are we to 

 do?" 

 "We must be brave, dear; we have been so fortunate." 

 "But we have no clothes?" 

 It certainly was a problem that had to be faced. Their hats were fit only for the dust- heap, their boots were so much charred leather; their heavy ulsters, burnt into holes as they were, had protected in some measure their light cotton dresses; but everything they had on was blackened from contact with the blackened ground; and as for their faces, not even the pouring rain had cooled them alter their long exposure to the heat. 

 "Oh, I'm more thankful than I can say," said Dolly. "It's a little thing to make a fuss over, but what shall we do?" 

 Then just as they were ruefully contem- plating their dilapidated garments there was a knock at the door, and Mrs. Baker re- appeared with a bundle under her arm. 

 "Mr. Maitland went over to Mrs. Scott, the banker's wife," she said, "an' she's sent you over some things with her love, an' she's so sorry. She'd like to come over, but Mr. Maitland said best not, ye was that tired. An' now, as soon as ye're ready, there's supper in the diningroom. 

 "How good, how kind everybody is!" murmured Dolly, "and oh, Ruth, what should we have done without Mr. Maitland? And he thought of everything, too. Just fancy his thinking about clothes!" 

 Dolly was quite cheerful again, and a warm bath quite revived her. She had her husband and her child, and though her home was gone and everything in it, that was a misfortune she shared with half the dwellers in the forest. Indeed, she was a thousand times better off than they, for Marsden had some little money, and there was a small in- surance on the house and furniture, besides Dolly's savings. 

 "How good of her," said Dolly, as she unpacked the bundle; "isn't she kind? She's sent us everything we could possibly 

 want." 

 "Everyone is kind, I think," murmured Ruth faintly. 

 "Why, Ruth, how tired you look! You're much more done than I am. Go to bed, dear, and I'll bring you something to eat." 

 "No, no. I'll be all right. I'd rather sit up." 

 Dolly, looking at her anxiously, thought that the dny's events had indeed shaken her sister. For herself, she was so relieved and happy it seemed only natural to talk, and she chattered on, content with monosyllabic re- plies, till they were both dressed. The dresses were somewhat loose, but they were very plainly made, hardly more than wrappers, and with the Indian scarves Mrs. Scott had thoughtfully sent tied round their waists, they looked rather picturesque when they entered the sittingroom where Maitland and Marsden were awaiting them. Their faces were still hot and burning, scorched with the fierce heat, but altogether they looked so different from tile two sodden and bedraggled women who had entered the house that Maitland could not repress an exclama- 

 tion. 

 Dolly smiled. 

 "Yes, rather a difference, isn't it, Mr. Maitland?" And then, changing her tone and laying both her hands on his arm, "Oh, Roger, Roger, how are you going to thank this man? If it hadn't been for him you'd have had no wife and child to come home to." 

 "I know," said Marsden, " I--I----" 

 "Nonsense," said Maitland, gently push- ing Dolly into a chair and drawing up another for Ruth. "Mrs. Marsden, I've been trying to explain ever since you left that it's nothing. I have only done what any other man in the place would have done--what other men have been doing all round. Hardy, for instance. He left wife and children to help--left his fences to burn-- while I--if I had died there isn't a soul to whom it could matter." 

 "Hardy told me himself, though God knows I don't make light of his share, he never would have gone if it hadn't been for you." 

 "And how close it was," said Dolly, with a shudder. "Why, your eyebrows and eye- lashes are all burnt off." 

 "Yes, I expect I am something of a show, hut one breath of flame did that without really hurting me at all. And Marsden, after all, as I've told you again and again, it was all the merest chance. We only made for Hankey's clearing, when we'd given up all hope. Come now, here's Mrs. Baker with some dinner. It's nothing much, I'm afraid. The township has been in such a fever of ex- citement; it's difficult to get anything." 

 It was a very quiet meal, Ruth, though she had touched nothing since breakfast, felt as if each morsel would choke her, and neither could Maitland eat. Marsden had been so wild with anxiety all day long that he was content to sit and listen to his wife, who, having rung the changes from deepest despair to wildest happiness, was now graphically talking over again the story of the day from the time when Ruth had awakened her to the moment when Maitland had ridden to the rescue, and again she overwhelmed him with praises and thanks. 

 After they had finished Maitland asked them if they could manage for the night. 

 "It's only a humble little house, you know," he said. "I took the furniture from my predecessor just as it stood, and was somewhat astonished to find how largely it was made up of packing cases." 

 "T he room we were in was very nice," said Dolly, "wasn't it, Ruth? Such dainty white dimity everywhere." 

 "Uh, that's Mrs. Baker; she's a great believer in the virtues of white curtains and covers up everything in them. Look at my chairs!--they've all got petticoats on." 

 "A delicate hint," said Dolly. "Mrs Baker means you should get the house a mistress!" and then seeing with a woman's quickness she had said something wrong, she hastened to add, "and a piano too. Fancy an unmusical man like you with a 

 piano!" 

 "Old Acheson, poor beggar, was, I believe, very musical. He drunk, unluckily, and was stone broke when he left, so he begged me to take the piano at about a quarter its value. They tell me it's a very good one. I hope you'll feel equal to trying it to morrow." 

 "Yes, indeed, we will," said Dolly, "and now, if you don't mind, I really think we ought to go to bed. Look at Ruth, she looks as if she really couldn't hold up her 

 head." 

 Indeed she did look weary, but she did not at once agree with her siater. 

 "I--I must write a note first, please," she said to Maitland. She had remembered now, she had been remembering all the evening, her engagement to Finlayson, and the thought was a pain to her. She could not think of calmly as she had done yester- day, with the man she had loved so pas- sionately standing before her. 

 "A note," echoed Dolly, "why Ruth-- oh, of course, Alick Finlayson, to be sure Yes, do write, Ruth. He'll be wild with anxiety when he hears of the fire," and yet she looked curiously at Ruth. There was something wrong, she felt. Maitland was most evidently in love with her; she had 

 *All Rights Reserved. 

 noticed that with a woman's keen percep- tion, even in the midst of the bush fire; and Ruth--he had risked his life to save hers-- what would Ruth do? 

 With trembling hands Ruth scribbled a note to Finlayson, which Maitland stamped and promised to post before he went to 

 bed. 

 "I hope you will be comfortable," he said. "Mrs. Baker has done her best." 

 Then he wished Dolly good night. Ruth came last, and he held her hand a moment without saying a word. 

 She tried to say "Good night," but the words would not come, and the tears would force their way between her down-dropt eyelids. 

 Dolly had drawn Roger away, so for the moment they were alone, and he bent down 

 and kissed her hand. 

 But Mrs. Baker came up. 

 "I'll take care of Miss Gant, sir. Mrs. Marsden's got her husband and her baby, an' she's that thankful she don't want nothin' else; but this young; lady's just wore out,' ain't you, Miss?" 

 Once safe in their room Dolly turned to her husband-- 

 "Oh, Roger, Roger, what is to be the end? Dick Maitland's awfully in love with 

 Ruth?" 

 "Yes, of course, he always was; I told you that long ago. They tell me he rode off like one demented this morning. However, she's engaged to Alick Finlayson, and he's a jolly good fellow, too; so Maitland's clean 

 out of it." 

 "Well, but Roger--I must tell someone-- I believe she's in love with Dick Mait- 

 land." 

 "What the--. Phew, poor old Alick! He wouldn't have a chance against him, and after he's saved her life too. In love with him? By Jove, I never thought of that, and more unlikely things have happened." 

 In love with him! Once she had got rid of Mrs. Baker, which was not till that good woman had seen her safe tucked up in bed, Ruth sat up again and tried to think it out calmly. In love with him--the very sound of his voice, the touch of his hand set her heart beating. And Alick Finlayson had never done that--Alick--so good--so kind-- who trusted her so entirely--who had been her friend and companion for the last two years--her comforter in her loneliness. She pitied him with the pity that ia not akin to love--she was sorry--but another face stood between them--the love she thought she had banished rose up stronger, more passionate than ever. He was hers, hers, hers--and she rejoiced over it. What though he was the husband of another woman--his wife was nothing to him--he never even saw her. Surely .there was little harm in loving him. He had kept away bravely, and not till her utmost need did he come to her, and then he had come at the risk of his own life. What should she do? Before her the outlook looked cruelly hopeless. How could she marry Alick Fin- layson when her heart was full of another man--when his face, his eyes, his very tones haunted her--when she could even rejoice over the hardships and dangers that had brought them together again? Marry Alick! No, no, a thousand time, no: it would be doing him a cruel wrong. Whatever her life might be she must not marry Alick Finlay- son, and she almost hated him that he had bound her to him. She tried vainly to plan out her life anew--to remember that save for a bare pittance she had nothing but the few trinkets she had put in her pocket as they left the doomed house. She could not marry the man who loved her. She could not go back to Kooringa. Between her and the man she loved was a barrier stern and inexorable. What should she do? What could she do? 

 She tried to decide something--the sooner it was decided the better--but her head ached; every bone in her body ached with weariness, and her mind could grasp nothing beyond the one glad fact she loved and was beloved. Toss and turn she did, but no sleep came to her tired eyes. Over and over again she thought out the incidents of life day, and she longed for the morning--the morning when she might make her plans afresh--might break her engagement, and be once more a free woman. The ring Alick Finlayson had given her was still on her finger, and she drew it off and laid it on the little table beside her bed. Why should she wear his ring? What right had he to expect it of her? How she longed for the morning. She had written briefly enough telling him of the fire, but to- morrow she would write a very different letter. To-morrow she would see Dick Maitland again--she wanted nothing more --she did not want to look beyond. How slowly the time went. One--two--three-- the clock in the sitting-room tolled the hours and yet she could not sleep. She would be ill she felt if this went on, and then at last, just as the early summer's dawn began to peep through Mrs. Baker's clean white dimity curtains, she fell into a troubled sleep, and dreamt that she was running away from a devouring fire, toiling through the bush with heavy leaden feet. She felt 

 the hot breath of the flames on her cheek.. She tried to cry out, and then, lo, it had overtaken her, and it was not a fire, but Dick Maitland holding her in his arms as he had done on Dolly's wedding day, and whispering "My darling, my darling, my darling." 

 CHAPTER XXII. 

 A MISTAKEN LOVE. 

 In the morning she awoke unrefreshed, and all the exultation had gone out of her love 

 dream. 

 She loved Maitland; that was true, un- alterable. He loved her; he had saved her life, but--oh, those cruel "buts"--what now? Her very love only made her wretched, and she sat down and brushed out her hair and listened to Dolly's cheerful singing as she washed and dressed her baby in the next room--all sounds are so plainly heard throughout a wooden house--and she heard Roger greet Maitland cheerily and remark that it was raining as if it wanted to make up 

 for lost time. 

 "Not a bad thing," said Maitland's voice, and she noticed it lacked the cheery ring of her brother's. "It will make the grass grow mid give you poor burnt-out people n 

 chance." 

 "Oh, it's the very best thing in the world for me," said Roger. "Anyhow, the fire must have done a lot towards clearing the land. I must get it refenced, and call for tenders to build again. I'm afraid most of the stock's gone--poor wretches--and it'll come frightfully hard on the poor homeless 

 ones." 

 "They started a subscription in the town- ship last night," said Maitland. "I expect they'll do it all over the colony. People are never backward in helping." 

 "By jove!" said Roger. "I'm sure I've found that already. I say, old man, though, you look pretty chippy. Anything wrong?" 

 "No, no; what should there he? I want my breakfast, I expect. How's your wife this morning? Has she got over her fright?" 

 "Right as a bank. Dick, old man, I can 

 never----" 

 "Oh, shut up, Marsden; if you want to be kind do let that subject drop, or pour out your thanks on Hardy. He deserves 'em; I 

 don't." 

 "But, old man, you don't seem to realise what you've done for me. Well, well, I've done. Here, come back, I say, Maitland," went on Roger, half playfully, half to bide a deeper feeling. "Upon my word, I believe there'll something wrong with you. You're as touchy as a bear with a sore head. The old easy-going Dick's vanished into thin air. Why, bless my soul, you're getting quite grey, and you're younger than I am. Now you had a hard day yesterday--you want a wife to look after you--that's what you want. There's nothing like it to set a fellow up. Well, Dolly, so he does. What are you shaking your head at me like that for," for Dolly had entered behind their host and was making desperate efforts to induce her husband to change a subject which in her opinion verged on dangerous ground. 

 Even if he were in love with Ruth, and she with him, she was engaged to Dr. Finlayson, and while things were in that state, the less 

 said about love and matrimony the better, thought worldly-wise, kindly Dolly. 

 "I'm sure I ought to feel flattered," she said, trying to redeem her husband's mistake, "but I'm quite ashamed at the way in which Roger thrusts matrimony down people's throats, in season and out of season. Marriage isn't a universal panacea, you silly husband of mine. Why, I know two or three people who I really believe would give all they possess to be unmarried again." 

 "Ah, that's a knot there's no untying," laughed Roger, and Dolly, quite convinced she had given the conversation a safe turn, 

 looked round for her sister, 

 "Where's Ruth? I hope she's all right. Ah, there you are. But how tired you look, dear; just as if the night's rest hadn't done you a bit of good." 

 "I think I am a little bit tired still," said Ruth, who felt so languid and unhappy. She felt she must confess to something. 

 "Poor girl, you must just lie down all day and do nothing." 

 "Come and have some breakfast first," said Maitland. "Here are all Mrs. Baker's culinary efforts getting cold." 

 "And I call that last rather a cool proposi- tion of yours, Dolly," said Roger, when they were seated, and he was busily employed buttering scones. "Are you aware you are calmly taking possession of another man's house and actually inviting Ruth to lie down and do nothing, when the very clothes you stand up in aren't your own!" 

 "Please, please," said Maitland, "do hold your tongue, Marsden, and let your wife and me do the talking, Mrs. Marsden's right; she know's that my house and everything in it is her's and her sister's, and if they like to invite you to stop--why, of coarse, I want my guests to be happy, and I suppose Mrs. Marsden wouldn't be happy without you." 

 "Having saved our lives you are bound to provide for us," laughed Dolly, but her eyes 

 were full of tears. 

 "Joking apart," said Maitland seriously, "you know I should be delighted to have you under any circumstances. Think what a lonely life I lead, and what a pleasure it is to see you at the head of the table, instead of pouring out tea by myself and eating my solitary chop with a book propped up in front for company. Now you must stay really till your new house is ready. It's doing me a kindness--you know it is." 

 "In fact," said Roger, who by way of re- action after the anxiety of yesterday was in the wildest spirits, "he really is a most domestic beggar, Dolly. We must manage a 

 wife for him somehow." 

 Maitland blushed painfully, even through the burn on his face, and Roger, seeing that blush reflected on Ruth's face, touched his wife's foot under the table, as much as to say he wouldn't give much for Finlayson's chances now, and Dolly asked hastily-- 

 "And how long will it take to build the 

 new house?" 

 "Well, if we've luck and can get the timber and roofing, about a fortnight. We can only afford a humble abode, and if it's to be burnt down periodically the humbler the better, I think I must ride over to-day and look about me a bit." 

 "Do be careful of falling trees," urged his 

 wife. 

 "I'll be careful, but there's really not much danger now--not so much as there was last night. And you'd better pay a visit to the store and see if you can get old Christie to trust you for some clothes. Maitland's taken you two under his wing, so you can be idle all day if you like, eh, Ruth?" 

 Ruth smiled faintly. 

 "I'm not going to be idle," she said. "Dolly and I will set to work to make 

 clothes again." 

 "So we'll all be hard at it again. Dick, what are you going to do?" 

 "I'm going down to the works to see what damage has been done. I hear all the timber has gone." 

 "What a day!" said Dolly, looking out of the window. "What a day! Could anything look more bleak and miserable?" 

 It was indeed wretched-looking enough outside. The rain came down in torrents, deluging the blackened hills which sur- rounded the township, and after the fierce heat of the day before the weather felt 

 almost cold. 

 Once the men had gone, the women went out and bought calico and dress materials, and set to work again aided by the good natured banker's wife who, not only sent over her machine, but came herself, and helped and listened while Dolly told again the tale of their flight. Ruth sat and sewed in silence. She was wondering how she should write to Alick Finlayson. Break off her engagement she felt she must. How could she marry him? It would be a wrong to herself, a greater wrong to him. She must --she would do it to-day--and yet so careful is a woman of appearances, she put on his ring again lest Dolly, noticing its absence, should question her. But she would write to-day--she must write to-day. And having decided that questionshe felt more at her ease, and put off writing till the afternoon, but in the afternoon she found it no easier, and put it off till the evening. 

 And in the evening the men returned, Maitland silent and moody, and Marsden, full of his ride to Bolwarra, describing to them how utterly destroyed the place was, and yet how that the fire had cleared the land to such an extent that in the end he hardly expected to lose much. 

 Mrs. Scott come in cheerfully talkative. The fact that they had been together all day did not seem to have diminished her conver- 

 sational powers, and she told Maitland she was just delighted to come over, the even- ings were so long and dull when Arthur was away, and his liollduys wouldn't be over for a fortnight yet. 

 "And then I'm so fond of music. You're going to sing to me, ar'n't you, Mrs. Marsden?" 

 "Oh. yes," said Dolly, " but my sister sings best, and we haven't either of us a scrap 

 of music." 

 "Never mind. The things one remembers are always the nicest. They're the things you've thrown your heart into." 

 So Marsden and Dolly and Ruth sang, and Mrs. Scott and Maitland made the audience, the one loud in her praise, the other silent and abstracted. Sitting back in an arm-chair, staring at the ceiling, he hardly seemed con- scious of what was going on. 

 "Now then, Ruth," said Roger, when they had sung a number of duets and trios, "you haven't sung alone yet. Give us some- thing." 

 "What shall I sing?" asked Ruth. 

 "Oh, I don't know. Anything. That old song you used to sing. Some old cock wrote it. Shakespeare, I think." 

 "Shakespeare! Oh my husband! I sup- pose you're thinking of that thing of Praed's. Come on, Ruth." 

 "I can't," said Ruth hastily, "I've for- gotten it." 

 "Forgotten it? You'll say you've for- gotten your A B C next. Come on, I'll play your accompaniment." 

 There was no help for it. That song they would have or know the reason why, and the reason Ruth was not prepared to tell 

 them. 

 Who does not know Praed. pathetic 

 words-- 

 "Why can I not forgo, forget, 

 That ever I loved thee, that over we met, There is not a single link or sign 

 To blend thy life in the world with mine. 

 "I know not the facts that thou hast loved, 

 I know not the places where thou has roved; Thou art to me as a pleasant dream 

 Of a boat that floats on a distant stream. 

 "I would change life's spring for its roughest weather, 

 If we might hear the storm together. 

 I would change my hopes for half thy fears, And sell my smiles for half thy tears." 

 The words seemed to have a special mean- ing for Ruth, and since she had to sing it she put her heart into it, and sang with a passion and tenderness she had not put into the other songs. Even Marsden and his wife wondered, and Mrs. Scott clapped her hands 

 and cried-- 

 "More, oh more! Surely that's not the 

 end." 

 "All I ever heard," said Ruth, glad to turn her eyes from Maitland's fixed gaze. "It would be difficult to say any more after that. He or she, whichever it was, seem to have 

 said all there was to be said on the sub- ject." 

 " ' She,' of course. No man ever gave him- self away like that. But, good gracious, it's time I was thinking of going, it's getting late. It's only a short way across, but Mr. Mait- land----" 

 ''Oh, I'll take you home," said Marsden, and Dolly added-- 

 "And I'll come too. The rain's stopped, and it's bright moonlight, and I should like a little walk after sitting sewing all day." 

 "You see," she said, when having de- posited Mrs. Scott at the bank, she had her husband to herself again, "I'd like to give Ruth and Dick Maitland a chance. I'm sure she's in love with him. She never would have sung that song like that if she hadn't been, and I don't care how much they're in love, they can't say anything with you and me looking on." 

 "H'm, I don't like the looks of Maitland. He eats nothing, you see for yourself, and it seems to me he's drinking a great deal more than's good for him." 

 "That's only because Ruth's engaged to his friend," said Dolly, nodding her head sagely. "I shouldn't wonder if it was all right to-night. Oh, don't let's go in yet. It's such a lovely night. Come down the street a little, and tell me what you're going to do 

 about the house." 

 And the two Dolly was scheming for. 

 After the others had left there was silence between them. Maitland sat up by the table and rested his head on his hand. He did not even venture to look at her now, and she, standing by the piano, softly touched the keys with her fingers. 

 "It's a very good piano," she said, when the silence between them had become un- 

 bearable. 

 "I'm so glad you like it. Won't you sing something more?" 

 The words were studied and cold, but she felt they were only so, because he dared not 

 be more natural. 

 "Not to-night," she said closing the piano, and then she crossed over and stood before him with the table between them. "Mr. 

 Maitland." 

 "Yes," but he never raised his eyes. 

 "Haven't you thought me very ungrate- 

 ful?" 

 "Ungrateful? You?" 

 "The others have all thanked you, or tried to--while--I--I--have never said a word." 

 He rose to his feet and came and stood beside her. 

 It was her turn to drop her eyes now, for she simply dared not look at him. 

 "Don't you understand that--that--to save you was all I wanted. If you had died--oh, Ruth, if you had died!" 

 His tones were not cold now, and he took her hands in his and drew her towards 

 him. 

 "Darling, are you glad to see me again? Did you sing that song for me, darling; did 

 you?" 

 "I didn't want to sing it," faltered Ruth, 

 "But you did--you did. Oh, Ruth--my Ruth, how can I live without you?" 

 She was in his arma now, her head on his shoulder, and he kissed her lips, her eyes, her hair with a mad passion, before which she was helpless. 

 "You are going to marry Finlayson?" he said at last hoarsely, looking down at the slim white hand, on which glittered the hoop 

 of diamonds. 

 "No." She drew herself out of his em- brace, and and down on one of the chairs, simply because she felt incapable of stand- ing alone. 

 "But Marsden told me so." 

 " Yes, but I--I--can t marry him. I 

 can't." 

 He walked up and down the room quickly, and at his heart was a great gladness, After all she loved him, loved him so well he dared not think of the temptation she was putting 

 in his way. 

 "But he is a good fellow, such a good fellow," he found himself saying almost against his will. "No one knows what a good fellow Finlayson is. He would make you such a good husband." 

 "Do you think I don't know that?" she said, and immediately the tide turned with 

 Maitland. 

 He might praise his friend. There was a certain nobility in his doing so. It was only his due. True--but he was paying that due at a terribly heavy price to himself, and it was in- tolerable that Ruth should see so clearly his rival's good points. Much as she loved him, it was evident she was thinking with pity of 

 the man she was prepared to throw over, and 

 he could not endure it. 

 "Oh, Ruth! Oh, my love! my love!" He flung himself down on his knees and buried his face on her lap. "If you knew what these two last days have been to me. Oh, Ruth! Help me, pity me a little. I wish I had died and ended it all, and you with 

 me." 

 She put her arms round him and kissed him of her own free will. 

 "Poor Dick, my poor Dick. I can't help you, dear; I want help so much myself. I--I must go away. I can t stand this." 

 They were silent, each content to have the other so close, each knowing their bliss must 

 needs be brief. Mrs. Baker was safe in the kitchen, three or four rooms off, but at any moment the others might come back. 

 "Dick," whispered Ruth, "have you been very unhappy these two years?" 

 "Unhappy?--oh, my darling! I have been so lonely, so wretched. But indeed, indeed, I have wanted you to be happy." 

 She stroked his hair, and turned his face that she might look into it. What beautiful eyes he had--beautiful still though the scorching flame had swept across his face, destroying for the time eyebrows, eyelashes, and moustache. He was painfully conscious of this, and would have hidden his face on 

 her shoulder. 

 "Don't look at me," he said, "I'm all scorched up. Not fit to be looked at." 

 "And it was for me," she whispered with a rush of tenderness, "all for me, my dear one--it makes you doubly dear." 

 It almost vexed him, her tenderness. 

 "I could kill you," he said, suddenly rising to his feet and stamping passionately on the floor. "I could kill you. You sit there and take things so quietly. I want you, Ruth. You--you. My God! do you think I rode through flames to save you for another man? You belong to me now, body and soul, you are mine. Do you hear?" And he put his hands on her shoulders. "I shall not let you go." 

 "Hush, hush, oh, you mustn't," said Ruth, appalled at the storm she herself had roused. "You have no right." 

 "Right? Right? What better right can I have? Do you think I do not love you--shall not love you and care for you till the end of my life?" 

 "Yes, but----" 

 "But I have a wife already, you would say," he said bitterly , "but she is no wife of mine. I have not even seen her for the last two years. You sent me away once, Ruth. It is my torn now. What is there binding in a pledge wrung out of a foolish boy by a de- signing woman? You shall----" 

 ''Mr. Maitland," she implored, trying to free herself from his strong arms. 

 "You shall not go. I say you shall not. 

 You belong to me now, darling, you are mine, mine, mine. You shall come. I shall take you away and keep you for ever and ever." 

 "Oh!" sobbed Ruth, frightened now, "let me go. Please let me go." 

 "No, darling, you----" 

 There were steps on the gravel outside, and Roger Marsden's voice loudly calling on them 

 to let them in. 

 He strained her to his breast yet more closely in spite of her resistance, then re- leased her just as they heard Mrs. Baker's heavy footstep coming down the passage, but before she could open the door Ruth had escaped to her own room. 

 "Such a lovely night," said Dolly enter- ing. "Ruth, you ought--why, where's 

 Ruth?" 

 "Gone to bed, I think," said Maitland. "She said she was very tired." 

 "Well, I call that mean to leave you all by yourself. However, I suppose it is getting late, and time for us all to say good- 

 night." 

 In the privacy of their own room Mrs. Marsden confided in her husband. 

 "I really don't understand it at all." "What?" 

 "Why Ruth and Mr. Maitland, of course. I went to her room just now, and I'm perfectly certain she ran in just as we 

 knocked." 

 "I tell you what it is," said Marsden slowly, for he was fumbling with his collar, "I owe Maitland more than I can tell, more, a thousand times more, than I can ever repay, but if Ruth takes my advice----" 

 "Which she won't," said Dolly serenely. 

 "Oh, all right. But she'd better stick to Finlayson. He's the better man. Maitland, well, you should have seen the tots of whisky he took this evening after you'd gone. Quite enough to upset two men. It may be only passing--but Maitland was drinking all yesterday. It's no good shaking your head. I'm not a fool, and I know he was. I can't imagine Finlayson doing such a thing under any circumstances. And if he's going to do that sort of thing Ruth'd 

 better be dead than married to him." 

 (To be Continued Next Saturday.)