CAPTIVE AND CAPTOR. By HU[?] HALCR[?] CHAPTER I. "The boss has [?]bed D[?]y [?]ick's gi[?] and th[?] 'll be the [?]vil to p[?] "My colonial!" "E's a hout an' hout hijit!" "He'll never frighten the blacks while that unhang wretoh Dandy Mick's above ground." "What's a beast or two, any'ow?" " These and other interjections. Then a young fellow, with a refined voice, tossing a ahiiling iptoift* ilr and kidifagaiglettder •wag, said: "I'd give a four years' gathering to know the beggar's hiding place." " You wouldn't want your bloomin' gatherin' when you found 'itn,'* ciackled an old fellow ? "'c*4 make the rest o' your natural life eom futable." The old man was asked who was afraid of a nigger and advised to go to biases. " It's eaiy to see you're new in these parts, or you'd think a precious Bight more o* yer hide than V winter take it Dandy If ioTs way." ••Ah' all fer the honour aft}';glory of it, I s'pose," chimed in another. "Honour and glory be hanged!" said the young fellow as he lazily unrolled his swag. •'Didn't I hear the boos say thai hVd.gi?e a fiver tc *nv.man who'd ferret out Dandy?" " Don't you make no mistake," put in the old hand; "that there fi'punnote 'ud be*the hardest you ever arned.". The young man's eyes flashed. He was a handsome, harum-scarum ne'er-do-well. " There isn't a pannikin of pluck among the whole boiling of you," he said sarcastically. "As some one remarked, I'm new in these parts, but.l ban put two and two together. From what I gather, this DandywhatVhis name has terrorised the station for years, and there's never a man bold enough to gel hold of Win." ' • ' ■•■- •'••■. ' 'There war-attend** for a moment or' two,' white the group chewed the cad of 'ttnVun* pleasant truth; then the old man spluttered .out angrily: , ...:•: "Look 'ere, yoanff m»n< detft you tryan' teach yer gran'mother to snek eggs. Too wasn' bom to set creation to rights, an'"— with n meaning glance which took m tbe>new? Qoeatx'sattire.fron the.shoojj'ders of hiaworn •oat to the soles of his downrat-heel boots— "remember that St. Paul says, '.Charity begins at home."' * When he was angry Jesse Andrews always quoted Scripture, or what he thought was Scripture. ' An amused smile crossed this, young: fellow's •• St. Paul would be astonished to have that filmed ofttof Hiisafing," he" said quietly. _-v"I sajr^ eaicftgjlie man, ejanting a wordy war, and judging thai the honour of the hut was safe in Jesses hands; " I say," aooentuating his words with a thump on the grimy table, "it's too dashed 'ot to argy. "Who'll comeran' 'are » game o* nap V* And suiting action to words he began to sort a pack of dirty oards. The suggestion found favotirla the e}e>«! all kttJ the stronger end thefcld aaan, aMifen tbSfewete twfc of three groups playing nap as philosophically as if the imputation on their bravery had never been uttered. Bat Jesses dander was upland, as tip otheratwefc knew, ihe youf)g $a^was jfc toranaggld*. >*: ; /£ > *■; .*■*;■•. , "St. Pajl «r St. m*rt{)# t#Ahrot4f, "It doesrrWtter whioh of> •era. At I Sid before, Charity begins at home. Why don't you try an* am that there fiver? Ton looks as if 'twould do you .good t" A faint flush spread over the young man's face, the dare-devil light died out of his eyes. Thenhe laughed constrainedly. "You made a hit there," he said. "1 do need it. Mot that it would do ma much gotf f I got it; money has a knack of supping hrough my fingers." " Send it to your parents—for a Christmas box," said Jesse gruffly*. "Cheat 'em inter tbinkin' you're not the bad egg you are." "Oh t come, come," said the other good homoureto. «• Bow do you know *m » bed 4g g? .. ■- - - - ■>;■■%. • - "When I sees," began Jesse, as he care fully cut a chew for himself—whioh occupation seemed to have a soothing effect on his temper—" when I sees a eddioated cove on his beam ends for want of a job, I comes to the coneloosion that 'c is -' much chop. 'Is parents 'aw spent a sight o' money on 'im to no puppose. Their las' days ain't goin' to be made eomfutable by the-likes of 'im. Young man, you oan't tell the joy of a parent's 'earl when they sees their 'opee fulilleoV? "Stow it, Jesse!" cried one, c* the naf players, whom his flow of talk was confusing into bad play. But Jesse, nearing his favourite theme, ignored the interruption, and went on. , . " You can't tetf-^—" ' '•You speak feelingly," pat in tho yoant man with a twinkle in his eye. " An' so I ooghter," snapped Jesse. " I goi a little gell over there," he jerked his thuml toward* the door, " whose little, finger's wuti more than your whole body. Eddieated, di< you say"—as a matter of fact nothing ha< ,been sajd—"eddicatod did you say?" hi repeated in a louder key for: the: benefit 0 the other occupants of the hut. " There am' no book in the English langwidge but wha that little gell can't read, ohoek full-o' larnin tikis." • ■• ■ ■ ■ ;■■■■■ :"' ; • ■ "Pass the flute, Jesse," some one ealle* out; bat Jeste didn't heed. •' V' seal sent her to a school in Sydney, i tip-topper, when they turns out ladies by th MOre—that was when I was on the diggin's an' dibs was goin' abeggin'—an* bless yon that little gell is guvness up at the station now teaohin 1 the boss's little gells." -' The yoang man was beginning to shoi interest in the old one's talk. : ' " You don't say so," he said with the objec of drawing the other out. But it hadn't th desired effect. r " Yes," said Jesse, lowering his voice; "at so when I sees a feller like yon as is eddioated an* canH make % own wajr,. I begin to think what it 'dd be if my little gell 'ad turned oat gMfcrent, an* mxfeart haohssior the old folks TB^n'mjpmtjU." g; £- **ltake yafx rniftA easy,?ftaid tit'ether j "ttare isn't** so^: above #ound to care a £**# about me or jsfjr futuia, and"-ibe hesi- UM, then IffcHn «■ unde*»ne—" Aapifcjta rasjb any aDftwan«gfor bad^luek ? Pje Yieh angjfriluoky ftaggar afer sinofTve haf'to £ght. m^wnwajj%'V^ g,? g>; • There was compassion in Jesse i glance at ' he looked from under his eyebrows. " I never was a believer in look," he said •lowly, and as iLhalf ashamed of owning it. "Grit's the thing—some o' that there pluck you was talkin' about fer nabbin' the nigger 'ud knock look out o' time, an* set you on yovt toe* again." . ' • £ The young- man thought deeply for a moment or two, then without a word rose and left the hut. The night was olose, yet 'aftet the tobacco-laden atmosphere of the hut the air seemed sweet as neotar. But the silence was oppressive, the sky dull, with here and there a star glimmering feebly out Tbktfi] was nothing to appeal to the lonely figira; 3& was out of touch with himself, and Nature was a great expressionless waste* a vast pulseless something that increased his dissatufaotion, and jarred on his present mood. "Is it right,' r he queried gloomily, "to go through lite'in this alipshtfd fashion? Is anything worth a straggle?" Then: "U only, someone tared!" . Commonplace words enough, yet/the longing of years was centred in them—a longing the nsyMrtensity of which made a prayer of theav^ If only some one eared! Then he shxagget^is; shoulders and went in. ' - ' ' CHAPTER It " Jack Beldon ate his early breakfast io silence, ignoring tbo deluge of meroileßß chattlii which the men indulged as to his likely methods of oatohing Pandy Miok, and showing, a strange dislike to meeting the solicitous efes of : 4M Jesse. Jack had slept on the conversation of last night, but sleep had not erased the uncom fortable impression it had made A spark of better feeling, which years of careless living had almost snuffed out, had beep fatoned into flanfe by the oomparison Jesse had" drawn between him.and his "little ge|l," and the ihufier through life would have given a great deal at that - moment to stand higher in his own esteem. Lett an oepban at the age of 15, and forced by circumstances to earn the bread that had been lavishly provided before, he had fallen neon a master w^rjuft aade that bread exceedingly; bittejc? s&ift boy, easy-getng though: Mature had made him, rebell«4 inwardlj, beaming the fate ihat beiog so kind in the past made his present hardships bite deeper,-regretting that the jood education ' he had. received only made bis.l9traoreintol«r aWerTeti0 rlackfd *f Tplack to teeakwfth bis sur&tmdirifcs, and look ottt a more congenial track. He lacked alio, boy though he was, the stimulus which a kind word or a'friendly shove would have given him, and had grown' callous—a bush Isbmael. He had to live; to live he must eat; to eat, work. No matter how—nothing mattend mneh. And so the years had passed, and'now at 25 he knew him self for a failure. There are mJudf ttilUres from the same oauses. But for Jesses home .tauththejnighi never have wakened up Jo that Ipowledgev 'He wj* ashamef. Before? he hadittt even fcnowa ftut he Mad tfajfjlrame left. While there is shame there if hope for a dying moral sense. Aa Jm munched his bread and basj, and sippejibis pannttio;of bli^k tea, Agresdjiiire eame^lo the youag ma|t.fo retrfcv4 hiqpMf in h|l oift eyes, ttf^tand t m4n tb*: o|r,of his mlnhood, ttfoo somenfaag^wWth Aririg, if only to rid the world of the pest of Dandy Mick's ptesenoe. Bushmen an by no meui a cowardly nee of mien. Ontheeontrary.Ueyliveaoiriuehin touch with Nature, unconsciously though it may be, that they arc awata of their own littleness, aiid therefore hold lit* cheaply. 80 it wm not eowardiee on the part of the white men that had allowed- Dandy Mick to go ieot fret for to long. Dandy Mlek, king of tht wild blacks, bunyip of the station blacks, and bogie of the iqoatteri of the district, was a foe of no mean order. Report eaid that a mob of dingoes always aotompanied him, which at a try from their master made short work of any who dared to molest him. It was said that the strange wild call to his dogs curdled the blood of those who heard it, and no one ever lived to hear it twice. The more superstitions even went so far as to adorn him with the hoofs, horns; and tail of the father of evil-doers. Certain it is that he > was a mysterious desperado, a thief, a 1 murderer of the deepest die. ; Among the squatters themselves the story > went that Dandy Mick had been adopted by a squatter, one named Francis 1 EUwood, who . had owned a station : somewhere in the district—no one was sure of 1 its exact whereabouts. This EUwood having I no ohildren of his own had been minded to experiment on the little blaekfellow, and in that spirit had sent him to a good English I school. The boy proving himself an apt pupil, the squatter had been advised to have him t trained for the Church, with a view to his 1 ultimately becoming missionary to his own } raoe. Be agreed ;mote because ha wanted to } see how the thing wduld work than from ethi- I cal principles. • It did work—for a time. Michael was saintly. f Alway* scrupulously dressed—which trait won ' for him the name of "Dandy Mick".from the \\ white merfon the station—he 'looked the very essence of respectability. His conversation was polished, at times even brilliant, his man -1 ncr easy, and the desire of his heart aeemed to lie the conversion of bis own people. • 80 for a year or two. But blood is thioker • than water, and education is only skin-deep. » The old Adam must out. In this case it did 1, «• out" in an unexpected manner. Mr. EUwood • took his son in all but name and colour to witness a eorroboree. The former returned • alone, and after that the very name of Mick was enough to send him into a towering rage. • No one ever knew from him what had really • happened, but putting two and two together it ' was surmised that the sight of the eorroboree 1' had been too much for Michael's savage in- L stinots. His years of civilisation had been blotted oat, and shedding their oat ward and visi ble sign he had joined in the oorroboree, and linked himself fofcllui rest of his life to his own Jpeople. .?■■••■?■ ;• •. ifT ■ This '«M a xettonable yjaduotion, because Hrhile i^KeJd tofafter Mio^i discarded cloth bad a kaee> of oroppinjj up. One day it would be hit loog black-coat ox his onoa hnmacqjpe'dhixt tm a gin tinpompanied by the ■usual din ttjf a rtekaninny simply attired in I clerioflFconjr, o£* soft btaek felt. Then his. nether garments v turned "«p on Bang-eyed Jimmie, his vest on Bam; and so on till all were accounted for. This was an old story of over twenty yean ago, and now Dandy Mick was the terror of the distrust. It was what might have been ex pected. Educate a savage and yon make a desperado. Dandy If iok was one, and through the misplaoed kindness of hU foster-fathet knew enough to make both whites and blaokt hold him in awe. CHAPTER 111. Jaok Seldon had caught the. horse Assigned to Aim, .£ w^'gok.Vto iIM «wWr Tor inttruetiohe as to .his *!•>■ work tfherithemet Mr. Ghmson, the squatter. *' You the new man?" he queried. Jack said that he was. 41 I'll be glad if you'll take this over to my house"—produohag an addressed envelope. ♦'If there's a wfply you'll find me in the long paddook f I'll tett the manager I sept you." Jaok rode off. When half way to the house he. heard a loud baying of dogs, mingled with the terrified screams of a woman. Hiding in tfcedfc«oto»)w»»aie» eaaee frwa.vh* spetdilv saw it* ca«». Three cattle dogs bad bailed up a gin, who, wltfi her baok against a tree, was fighting the air madly with a stick, and giving tongue to yells such as only a strong lunged gin can utter. She was incensing the dogs as much as they were frightening her, and although J^ek shouted and shouted in ihe endeavour to make himself heard above. Jkhe ™0t& 'dog elF'ihrtekeT the fin; " eloseup they bin kUlim me. float Hoo 1! Boohoo!!!" Easier said than .done. Thedogs were very madfiflAo Xt the *& ft damM In dtotrese-for §£oM «a%otang matt Srtth an■cyefor-physical perfectionironM take-dog bites philoeophioaJl/. vJßat after a few masterly manoeuvres and a judicious laying about with bit atoekwhip, each tiaah<o( whMk drew ear splitting shrieks from the gin and a bedlam of howls from the dogs, Jack succeeded in di- Mawifffl thff other two .for. the whip cuu.ha^gon* and determined to have it out with them. Betuli: a clean pair of heels 6n the part of, the gin, and the belt dog-fight Jack had teen fire Siontfs wonderUig M.tV)b»4rJt woofd end, Jack left to setUe their differences, and want on with—if it must he confessed—a merit-is-itt-ownreward kind of feeling. He reached the stables and was about to dismount when he raw a girl sitting orying in the doorway of one of the sheds—a little jirl fli a whiWfroolh «fld : wi4h onlya scrap of forehead and tangle of cropped brown curia virible above the Eanflkerobiet lhi "waa holding to her eyes. Jack's heart wat sore in a moment, the next he was off his horse, and asking the little figure what the matter was in his very kind est voioe. A pair of drenched blue eyes peeped over thtJiandkefehiel, pad a sweet voice, with a little sobbing e4t«h'si it, bale htm fp away— *£ "T J: Z•• - $ Bbt Jaek^initoad^t obeMng.loldfter dry r her tyetfitf a Aar^ind bTa good gbl aH« tell him what wat wrong. The handkerchief want up again, and i maffled bat very determined—" Go away, iir—at—onee 1" came from under it. Jack proceeded to remote the impediment when the small creature darted into the Farthest ooroer of the shed, drew herself to her tall height, and stamped her foot with an kn gry—" Bow dan 70a t How. dare yon, sir ? Go away—thia minute!" The colour slowly mounted to the rery roots of Jack's hair. He had become suddenly conscious of his shabbiness, and turned to go without a word, feeling perhaps as bad as ha had ever felt in Ills lile—for the girl: was ft woman. Her long skirts and formed figure told him that, in spite of her diminutive sise and short ourlp. For a second or two he stood irresolute, then, his face still crimson under its tan, he went back to the doorway, and said: "I—l beg your pardon, I'm sure—l'm awfully sorry—l really thought you were a little girl." "It's all my own fault," was the reply, a scarcely perceptible quaver in the sweet voice-—"it comes of my being so—so very small," she ended pathetically. It was with difficulty that Jack refrained . from giving expression to his sympathy again, although that she should grieve over her want of stature was incomprehensible to him—as well might a diamond fret because it found itself smaller than a ohunk of coal, he thought, but he dared not utter his thoughts. " But you surely weren't crying for that? " was all he said. . -. r -.'■ The girl laughed. '• No, I'm not so tilly. It was foolish of me to cry, but Mr. Gunson will think I'm to blame, ' although I really couldn't help it. He'll be so vexed, (sigh) and disappointed (sigh). Jack went a step nearer. ' '•If there's anything I can, do?" he said interrogatively. * •" She shook her head. "No, nothing. Stay—yes, if you would only take a message to rather." Jack nodded assent, and she came a few paces nearer. ••If you'll just tell him Dandy Mick's gin got out of the shed somehow—orept through the cracks, I believe—and if any of the men see her and catch her I'll be so thankful. I was supposed to look after her, and Mr. Uunson will think I was careless." Jack silently applied a score or so of uncom plimentary adjectives to himself, winding up with " blundering idiot" between his set teeth. "What did you say?" the girl asked inno cently. ; - " I*m an unluoky beggar," be replied, " and team bound to offend you. I think I most have helped the gin to net away, worse look. Sou see, it was this way: I heard a dreadful hullabaloo, and went to see what it was all about, and oame across a gin stuck op by three dogs, I hunted them, and of coarse she ran away." *'Bhemmt have beeiT Mary," .the girl said decidedly* -/. * ■HDandy Mick*a gin ?• queried Jaok; * "Yes; but of course* you didn't know/ Then Jack remembered that he bad determined to catch Dandy Mick. " I'll findfcer for you," be said; "if I can't, perhaps Dandy Miok him self will do." " Oh! if you only could! Bat you: can't— dota't try, please; he'd kill you." "Not with my oonsent," Jack said with a laugh. "Oh! you forgot to tell me your father's name." " No, of coarse, yoa!re a stranger. Daddy'a Jesse Andrews, and—with a sadden recollec tion—" I'm afraid I've been wasting a lot of time—and yours, too. Thanks for taking the message. -Good-bye," and she was off. Jaok delivered Mr. Gunson's note, and was riding at a gallop towards the long paddock, feeling, not as if he trod on air, as people in boolrs are usually supposed to feel when they fall in love—for of course he had fallen in love at first eight, and pretty deeply in, too; a young man of his susceptibilities who had scarcely seen a pretty girl for years was bound to find little Maisie Andrews irresistible—so Jaok rode on, feeling somehow that the'world had grown ' wider, and that there was something worth the living in it after all. Bat his morning's adventmes were not over yet. A long shrill " cooeer' vstt4denly mingled with the beat of bis horse's hoofs. Jaok oooeed in reply, and going towards the place wbenoe the sound came saw the huddled-up figure of a woman-seated on the ground. A jueerlooking, creature with'clothes, skin, hair, and evetkthe canine group surrounding ber of the same dun brown>tint, while beside her on the ground were two or three well-filled bags, also Juncoloured, "Good day I" the woman called when she law Jaok. " .': " . .' . _ " Good day, Annie," he responded etrwrfolly. ".Anything wrong?"~ . : "It all comes of eating meat,"-was her reply-. " Now,.if Mf. Gaaaon was a* vegetarian he wouldn't be keeping a cattle station, and patting temptation in the way of the blaoks. - Are you a vegetarian, Jack?" "Of coarse I am, Annie," „he said, lying readily. He knew the avalaneh> of wort* he wold bring,upon himself if.be spoke the truth. " Bqt rthoughnhbre was something the matter with you when you eooeed." There was just a shade of impatience in Jack's tones. Sinoa a oertaio.,rose coloured ' episode of scarcely ao<bont ago tft would have taken a depletion of houris to eonvtnoe Jack that feminine" .creation—all but one small person—was anything but stale and unprofit able. But Annie was oblivions of his impa tience. "So there is something: th» nrotter," she said, " but wait a bit. If you don't eat meat, I'm afraid you drink tea, Jaok. Now don't deny it: I can see it in the colour of your rkin," and she put dp a lean brown forefinger. Jaok'a skin, by the way, was two or three shades lighter than hers.) "That's another tempta tion in the way of the blacks;" she went on ; " they like to follow the example of you white men. If you only saw your digestive organs' after a spell of tea-drinking!" (Jack smiled as if he wasn't anxious to see his.) "It tarns them into bits of leather." " I'm afraid I'll have to go, Annie; I've got a message for Mr. Gunaon." ••And leave me with a twisted ankle; Jtnd I've goi a message for him-too." ' MHow did yod twist your ankle?" Jack asked. "I'll come to that presently," Annie said composedly; "I've got something else to say first. Mind, I'm not blaming the olaeks. It's all your own fault—you white men. They were a lot better before you came among them. Eating meat has turned them into animals. I often sleep at a blacks' camp. I slept at one the other night—Dandy Mick's. The blacks were away on the walkabout; and I found out something—never mind how. I was going to . tell Mrs. Ganson if it hadn't been for twisting my ankle. I found oat that there's going to be the biggest bush fire the place has ever seen." "Nonsense!" said Jack. " Very well, it's nonsense," said Annie; " bat you'll see. Dandy Mick wouldn't let Mr. Gunson take away his gin for nothing—no fear!" "I say, Annie, where's Dandy Mick's camp?" " Over behind the range," she said, pointing, "two days' journey from here. He'a goL» cave in Myall's Gorge, and a very comfortable one too. You'll be lucky if you find it before you break your neck, or get finished off by Dandy Miok. Do you want a dog, Jaok? here's a nice affectionate creataro. Jaok, seeing that she was launching out into another favourite topic, interrupted; and find ing that she.really had hurt her ankle—she had twisted it on an anthill—promised to lend some one to her assistance and rode off. CHAPTER IV. When Jack Seldon had given his informa tion, Mr. Ganson looked anything bat happy. "Iwish I knew what to think of it," he said in a perplexed voice. "I- know that Dandy Miok is fit for any devilment, and perhaps I did a foolish thing looking up his gin." "Do you want me particularly for the next few days?" Jaok aeked suddenly. The squatter looked up. "Because if yon don't, and you've no objection, fir, I'd like tar tin and catch Dandy Mick." ' "No use," said the other gloomily. " Be sides, it's a risky business going near him. Of course he's been outlawed long ago, bat it hasn't done much good." Then he started and paused, and his face paled perceptibly. " Annio Bags was right," he said quietly. "Look there!" A thin bluo haze was rising beyond the I horizon, and a faint smell of burning was wafted towards them. Jack tightened his lips, aod a set look came into his face—a look whioh transformed it somehow. " I( you've no objection, sir," he repeated. "Oh, none at all," said the squatter in a half-dazed way ' r " and good look go with you. Ask the manager for what you want in the way of firearms or anything else." Bat Jack didn't go that day, nor the next He was wanted after aY» He was fighting even a worse foe than Dandy Miok. It was noon when the haze had first beoonje visible. By 2 o'olook that afternoon the fire hail made immense strides, for Dandy Mick had chosen to do his fiendish work with the' co-operation of the wind, whioh earlier in the day had been only a gentle breeze, bat now blew in fieroe gusts, carrying stifling fames with it. The flames leapt and bounded over the dry country like things of lite, the dull roar in the distanoe mingling with the crackling hiss of the advancing Are at it., greedily licked up fresh fuel, striking terror to the hearts of those who heard it. Stanbrook station was situated between* two hills, which formed a vast funnel for the wind, and harried the fire on with almost incredible speed. Mr. Gannon, riding hither and thither, directing all hands as they worked fieroely to try to opt on* the terrible foer-had aged -visibly since the' morning. Rota/ otter ruin, stared him in the face. Fences whioh represented hundreds of pounds beoame charred heaps while be gazed, aid though tvery man,worked as if his very life depended upon'it, the united efforts of the group were as those of a band of pigmies fighting a giant. Great trees whioh bad flourished before the advent of the white nun, and had provided shade for generations of cattle, stretched fiery arms and tottered to - their fall, while the cattle, utterly unmanage able, made a wild ritampede for the creekf And still the conflagration spread, as If it had ohosen the station for its playground, and heedless of the despairing looks in the blackened faoes of the workers. If any a prayer went up that day from lips that had never ottered one since they, lisped them at their mothers' knees. Soon the heat grew insupportable. One of the men fainted. It was old Andrews. 'Some one went for water. A girl on horseback, with two huge billies slung to her. saddle, returned with him, dismounted, hung np her horse, and after reviving her father went among the* others, dispensing the contents of her billies. There bad been no time to think of themselves before, and several bad been almost dead-beat when the girl appeared like a ministering angel among them. Never was tea relished as that tea via. To and fro between the scene of the fire and the homestead the girl went all that day—to and fro as if she knew not fear or fatigue, encour aging her horse, wbteh often whinnied from frith), and encouraging still man the Wearied IbiMts as she brought froih supgtlfe of the cup Abat cheers. . Still the fire oame nearer and nearer, and— all saw it with despair—a stronger gust than usual made all their labour go for nothing. The flames leapt the cleared apace and ran merrily on. Blank faces stared aghast into blank faces, then a hoarse cry went from lip to lip, a cry whioh came first from Mr. Qunson, a*, sitting statue-like on his horse, he saw the fatal leap— " It's making a bee-line for the homestead." Then, as he dug his Bpnrs into his horse and galloped off,. "God help my children!" He had Men a good man all his life—a man of conscience, and one who had faced and lived down any advenes that came his way; but his heart failed him then. As he rode on the smoke-blurred landscape was blotted oat and he saw his children's ruined future, saw bis delicate wife sioken and die under; the hardships which would be hers, saw himself follow her to the grave—he was over 60 now, and could not make a fresh start in life—his ohildren orphaned and poor, and the. sight was too moon for him. Only the girl had heard that Im> de spairing sentenoe, and seen the drawn look on the man's faoe as he rode blindly forward. Fearing she knew not what, she followed him. It was well she did. Half way to the house the tall figure of the sqaatter, who had sat like a man of stone, swayed and fell. His horse gave a neigh of fright and almost immediately stood stock-still, yet even then his burden had been dragged some yards. With a cry the girl sprang from her saddle and leant over the man. His right foot was still in the stirrup. Maisie disengaged it, then looking in the man's flushed faoe, and hearing his laboured breathing, she thanked God that he was not dead. She spoke and called him by name, bnt got no answer. "Heat apoplexy," she said to herself; and she was right. Distress of mind combined with the suffocating beat and fames of the fire had brought it aboat Maisie was a bush girl, and knew what to do in the faoe of an emergency. After loosening the snfferer's clothes at the peek sbt bathed his head and faoe— as lack had it she bad water in one of her billies—and after a few minutes was rewarded by seeing that bis breathing grew lighter, although be did not return to consciousness: Bat it was a great relief to the girl when she saw a number of the men come towards her. They were rushing to the house, to divert if possible the coarse of the flames by clearing a track round it, and were greatly dismayed when they saw what had happened. It was night now, bat no one seemed aware of it, for the blase turned the darkness, into, brilliant day. It was a grand, yet terrible sight' —a transformation scene in the vnst theatre of Nature. The background of darkness was made inky by the flaring foreground and the blood-red sky overhead; great jets of flame were driven before the fierce wind; bushes burnt like miniature furnaces, and here and there from a forest giant swathed in fire flam ing serpents seemed to dart and twine them selves round every limb, then a great crash would announce that a giant had fallen, and a myriad red flakes shot into the air with a great splattering noise. A rough stretcher of tree boughs was quickly improvised, and Mr. Ganson was carried to the house, Maisie going on before to prepare the already over-harassed wife for the news of her husband's illness. After this the energies of the men began to flag; it seemed so useless trying to fight the onrushing flames. A bare paddock had inter cepted their coarse for a time, bat the fences had caught now, aud one of the sheds was already no more than a red-ribbed skeleton hat. As things looked jast then the house could be saved only by a miracle. Tet Jack Seldon only seemed to realise this. He had been perhaps the hardest worker, a 1 along, flatting and hacking as if be could not know fatigue, and now, diaay and almost spent, he saw that the fire was getting the upper' hand, and triad to urge the others to renewed efforts. And even as he urged them he worked him self like one in a dream—fighting other things than the fire, olearing the choked growths of past years, which in the shape of the demon of broken resolves jeered at his poor efforts. Sweat, which was rilore agony of mind than distress of body, poured from him. Somehow in bis overwrought state hia vary futureieemed to hang on bis present efforts—if he oonquered now he would conquer again. But the fire was still gaining ground. He stopped for a moment to look back, the horror of the surging roar in his ears, and the red flames dancing before him. Then suddenly the roar died in the distance, the flames paled and blackened, paled and blackened again, and. he knew that his senses were ebbing. Yet fight he must—the strong desire whioh had become a passion won. A smoke-grimed figure swam out of the mitt, two blue eyes set strangely in a small smoke-dark faoe were Rasing at him, and what wonder it in their sweet depths he saw a hope of heaven. "Ton are not well," Maisie said quietly. "Drink this, and thank God—Oh! thank God! the wind has fallen." " How it he ?" hf asked hoarsely. " Better, I think," the girl replied. -" He is conscious, but she is oruelly anxiout, and so I: came out to see how things are gong." " And the wind has fallen! Thank God I— thank God!',' the man said, repeating Maisie's words almost unconsciously. " We'll save the house."* And as he drank new life seemed to run through his veins, and he could have shouted for joy. It all meant so much to him —so much more than appeared on the surface. As Maisie had said, the wind had fallen, almost to a dead calm; but the workers in their desperate apathy had needed her assur ance to make them aware of it. All would be plain sailing now in comparison. Maisie disappeared, bnt not to the honse with her good newi. The large-souled little busybody had given way at last—she was longing to relieve her overcharged feelings with a good cry, after having been on the strain for many long hours; so she stole quietly away to the shed where she had sobbed in the morning—yesterday morning, for beyond the circle of the red firelight day was dawning? And Btrangaly enough it was Jack who would not let her hive her cry out ajptin. Passing the shed he saw her, and the desire to comfort her overcame him, and he kissed the tearful smoke-begrimed face. But she did not gat angry this time. (She only sobbed out, " You've no right to do4h>V in a heart-broken little way. Jack felt himself the greatest brute in crea tion in a moment. "Forgive me, forgive me," he implored. "I oouldn't help myself; yo» look so pretty, and so sad, and—4 .love you—Oh, Maisie, Maisie, it you only oouW——" She looked up. Misohief shone through the tears. •♦ That's enough, sir, I only could—" an aggravating pause—•• the man who captures the author of all this trouble." Jack sprang towards her again. Her tears wen «11 gone now. - - "If I oatoh Dandy Mick," he asked desperately, •• willyou many met" A long breathless pause. Then— •• I will," said the girl, arohly adding some thing in a tantalising undertone to herself. ••Amen!" said Jaok fervently; and so en grossed in his thoughts was he for the next few minutes that he did not see the subject of them spsed past him to the house. CHAPTER V. Jack Seldon did" not allow the grass to grow under his feet. In spite of the exertions he had undergone-he set out at onoe for Myall's Gorge. Going towards it he found the oountry wild and beautiful, but its beauty was marred now by the fire-scourge which haa swept over it. There were places still burning, aa the smoky atmo sphere indicated, but the terror of yesterday had settled down into an ordinary bush fire. Yet as he rode on his blood boiled with anger at the wholesale destruction he" saw. " The spleen of one man, and that a black I" he mattered in a tone which boded no good for the author of the mischief if he should cross his path. Then sometimes he forgot the blackened misery of the country in dreams— dreams in whioh a certain small woman was the central figure, and then he would remem ber what must be done before those dreams became reality, and would spur his horse on, feeling as if his impatience must annihilate obstacles, and bring Dandy Mick to light. Once out of the valley there was a wide stretch of flat country, with a vista of undulat ing hills in the distance looking bluer than their wont through the smoke hasc But after a time> the outlook grew wilder. Steep boulder-crowned ridges rose before him, and the ground was strewn with huge rocks whioh looked as if they had been hurled together by the mighty hand of a giant. Then through a patch of dense sorob whioh almost obsoured the daylight, and Jaok drew a long breath and stood gating at the majestio grandeur of the scene before him. Huge cliffs towered in stony ruggedness, their jagged crests standing out against the clear blue of the sky, while at their bases lay great masses of rock. Jaok was sure that he was in the neighbour hood of the terror of the district. His horse was fearless and surefooted, but he judged it safer to take the bearings of his surroundings on foot. Soon he came to what seemed a mere deft in a perpendicular clisT, but which on closer inspection proved to be a gorge, so wild and ragged aa to suggest that it had been cut through the hill by some tremendous convul sion of Nature. "If this leads to Dandy Mick's haunt no wonder he's escaped his de serts for so long," Jack said to himself as he wiped his streaming brow; "but I'll find it, providing I don't break my neck first, M Annia Bags suggested." There seemed every probability of the latter oontingenoy, he thought grimly, as he olnngoa almoßt "by the skin of his teeth," and heat« the stones break away after every step and fall orashing into the gorge twenty or thirty feet . below. Then he stopped to take breath. " This mas* be Myalls-Gorge," he said, " and undoubtedly leads to Dandy Mick's catej yet there most be iome easier way to "it than this. Annie said that she «Unt tn bis cave, and I'd defy a goat to get mooh farther;" and much though he disliked tha idea, Jaok was forced to tarn back, grumbling as he did so over the hour he had wasted. "A man would die a fearful death if ha broke his leg in this place," he mused. " Not a soul would ever find him. One comfort, though, he'd be baked to death on those hot stones before he got a ohanee of starving; bat the baking would be a thirsty business." Then Jack's eyes almost started from their sockets with horror, for, as if to verify hia thoughts, he saw i- heap of bleached bones scarcely a stone's tiurow from him, and with his blood curdling id his veins he scrambled towards them. "Great heaven!" he exclaimed as he' ex amined them. "Two skulls—white men, I'd swear, out tracking the nigger perhaps, as I am. Perhaps, this accounts -for their not turning up. Dandy Wok mightn't be quite so black as he's painted, after all." A long cry like wat of a wounded animal interrupted his thoughts, and Jaok stood still to listen. It was repeated, and feeling as if he were being chased *jr demons, and with sweat - oozing from every port, he harried out of the gorge. "By Jove I I'm glad to get out of that haunted hole," be said as, utterly exhausted, he Bat down to rest before going* back to his horse. But again that ory rang through the air—a long, chilling, despairing wail that in that desolate spot made one's flesh creep. " Something awfully human about > thai," Jaok said as ne made for the spot the sound came from, a dump of coarse scrub a few hundred yards away. The trail of the fire led through it, and above a thin blur of smoke showed that parts were still burning. With a feeling of weird expectancy he entered the scrub, and a moan unmistakably human made him shudder. He ran forward now, and soon saw its cause. A black man was pinned to the ground by a fallen tree, and Jaok was horrified to see that the trie was smouldering and the nan was being roasted] alive on one side. -■ . ■ One instant of indecision, and he nut out his hands and lifted the tree bodily off the poor man. How he did it he never knew afterwards, but the horror of his discovery seemed 1 to Kate given him for the time the strength-6? a sjiabA and he performed tha almost hereaJaan fca| without an effort; The sufferer, as if conscious of relief, turned his pain-glazed eyes, and to Jaok's intense amasemcnt.said in excellent English: "Thank you—so muoh;" then his eyes closed, and but for an occasional moan tha man might have been dead. "Water!" Jack muttered to himself, and the next instant was harrying towards his water bag. When half<way to it an idea came to him. "Dandy Mick, as sure as I'm alivsl" he mus ed. Then: "I've only got to leave him to himself " but he thrust the gruesome thought from him. It seemed a strange upsetting of things thai Jaok should tend and care for the man whom he had sworn to kill. Yet so it was. He grew to like his patient—the man was so thankful for little attentions, and his pain-glased eyes followed Jaok's movements as wistfully as those of a sick child, For the last iwentr years ha . had led an evil and desperate life, mt now It was as if those ill-spent years had been blotted from his memory. He babbled of Mr. Ellwood and bis schooldays, and at last passed out of life with a " God bless you I" to Jack on his lips. And in the loneliness and mystery of it all Jack felt that he was nearer a knowledge of the Great Adjuster of all wrongs than he had ' ever been before. "And you didn't catch him after all; bat for the accident he might have caught you," Maisie -said when Jack had told his story. " I wanted to marry yon for catcbiam Dandy Mick, and now I'll have to for-ls"—the went on provokingly. Jack caught her hands, his face pale as death. " For what, Maisie ?" he demanded. A rosy flush spread over her face, then her head bent before his gaze till Jaok could see nothing but a pair of very pink ears and a tangle of browa earls. "For what, Maisie ?" he repeated sternly. " For love, yon dear old goose," Bhe whisper* ad. And Jaok took his seoond kiss. '