The Ghost of Murray's Plains. CHAPTER I.—" A Nigger with a Limp." NIGGER with a limp." By HUGH HALCRO. The words rang eerily in my ears bringing in their train a host of re-<*> collections which made ■leep an impossibility, 'ihree hours before I ha»l passed the men a« they squatted chatting round their fire, and thiae words had caught and riveted my attention. Twenty years ago, in company with another, I had discovered these plain*, and now fate, in one of net strange freaks, had decreed that I should be in charge of a survey party to lay out a township on the spoL With an exclamation of impatience I rose to my feet to walk off my wakefulness. The wind soughed through the trees, and raised occasional flashes of brilliance in the dying embers of the fire, which made the tents loom grayly out of their sombre back ground, feeble ghosts of civilisation iost in the vastness of bush solitudes. A pale paring ol moon hung in the sky, and the stars glimmered dimly through the atmo spheric haze caused by bush fires. The belt of tall trees in the distance surrounded a beautiful lagoon. Ah ! what a tragedy had been enacted there! Twenty years ago ! More than half my life had passed since, yet every scene was as fresh in my memory as if it had all happened yesterday. At last, dspairing ol controlling my thoughts, I let them control me, and as the silence grew and grew about me, the stars were blotted out, and the moon paled to nothingness ; the years dissolved, and I was a boy again, living through those scenes which for ever after nust colour every action of mine. Less than a hundred miles away lay ioorlyn station, where I was born. Almost the first thing I remember is hearing awful tales of the doings of the blacks, yet they never molested us. " Treat them as if they were children," my lai; er used to say . "pass over their little thefts, and let them go their own ways, and they won't bother you." And he was right. We occasionally missed cattle, but as we never retaliated the misdeeds of the blacks ended there. But their latent devilry was roused one day, and to our cost. I was about 12 years of age at the time. My mother and sister were away on a visit to the old country, and my father had gone to a station two or three hundred miles off to negotiate for the purchase of a mob of cattle. I remained behind in the care of Mr. Murray, our manager. He was of Celtic origin, quickly roused to anger, which just as quickly died down. But a more generous-hearted man never bestrode a saddle. I was child enough to cry when my father went, and after that was never allowed to feel lonely. Where Mr. Murray went I went; I could ride CHRISTMAS IN THb FAB WEST. anything even then. During my father's absence the trouble with the blacks began. It started in this way : " Ridley, the hatter's" hut was looted of provisions during his absence, fencing. He was an irascible man, and was naturally en raged at having to take a two days' tramp to the station for more food. " It'B them tarnation blacks," he said to himself ; *' an' by golly ! I'll shoot down the first that comes my way." The first happened to be a black nick named Dozy, a fine, strapping fellow, who was out hunting 'possums in the moonlight. Ridley's aim was uncertain by reason of a shaky hand, the result of a too liberal use of stimulants in his young days. So Dozy was not killed. He waß wounded in ihe calf, raised to expedite his departure when he saw the gun levelled at him, and carried a limp to his dying day. The outcome of that shot was that Ridley, when he returned with his rations, found tbat he had no hut to put them into, the place on which it had stood being as bare as black hands could make it. Ridley's usual vocabulary of adjectives failed him. He could only splutter and foam in an apoplectic way that would have instilled doubts as to his sanity into the mind of an onlooker. When he had exhausted his passion and himself, he lit a fire and boiled his billy, and, while sipping his tea, thought matters out —or rather tried to do so ; for tea-drink ing and musings were interrupted midway by a scientifically aimed spear. Next day a stockman found what was left of poor Ridley. He had fallen face down wards when the spear pierced his side. One hand still clutched the pannikin, the half filled billy was on the dead ashes of the fire, the swag of provisions lay untouched beside him. The stockman brought the news in to the station, and the wrath of Mr. Murray knew no bounds. Having .finished hta x>- cnr.i tirade he announced it. as his intention to sweep every black off the face cjf creation. Accompanied by two stockmen/and myself, who, boy-like, was delighted with the spice of danger in the adventure, he set out with this object in view, but what with tha heat and the long ride, by, the time we were within a mile of the bracks' camp a good deal of his rage had Evaporated, and his bitterness was embodied in : " We'll give them a devil of a fright." It was night-time when we came upon them. They were holding a corroboree ; the unearthly din they were making could be heard fully a mile away. They were too engrossed to hear or smell our approach (I think that the blacks are like animals in the last respect) ; so we dismounted, hung up our horses, and crept to within full view of their fiendish sports, concealing ourselves behind trees to watch them. The night was dark and still, and the wild hoots and blood-curdling yells seemed to profane the sweet silence, just as the flare of their fire and the hideous painted forms jarred on the peaceful beauty of the night. There were fifty or sixty of them, gins and men, with a sprinkling of child ren besides. About half the number seemed to constitute the audience, and belonged— so one of the stockmen told me—to another tribe, whose camping ground was a good many miles away. In the centre of a large cleared space blazed a huge fire, its flames greedily lick ing the fresh fuel which from time to time was added to It by two gins, who, from the hideous grotesqueness of their painted nakedness, might have been feeding the flames of Hades. In the distance, barely within radius of the light, the other gins of the tribe squatted. They provided the music—led by an old man squatting on his hams before them, who acted an band master—beating fast and furious on skins stretched drum-fashion over their knees, and yelling discordantly while their lords danced. Fine samples of savage man hood most of these were, and I could not repress a certain admiration for them, even though, boyllke, I shuddered with un acknowledged fear. They were perfectly naked, and painted with red and white ochre in varying degrees of hideousness, *ach one having let his fancy run riot. One seemed to have copied the hieroglyphics of some Egyptian tomb. Others were covered with meaningless daubs. One looked like a grinning skeleton, every bone being lined with white on a groundwork ol red ochre. His mouth, although Nature had been very liberal in that respect, was enlarged to ghastly dimensions. Anklets of leaves, which rustled snakily as he danced ; a necklace of alligators' teeth, and a towering headdress of feathers sur mounting his stiffened upended hair com pleted his formidable get-up. He seemed to be master of the ceremonies, and was the largest man of the gang, a very Her cules, magnificent of limb, broad-chested, and fierce-eyed. His one defect was a limp, which, when be danced, was barely notice able, but in any lull of the proceedings became prominent, and, bravely though hz tried to hide It, his painted features were often convulsed with pain. Dance followed dance In quick succession. At first each seemed a chaos of mad gyra tions, whirling limbs, and a confusion of swinging, clattering weapons, coupled with discordant shouts, which continually in creased, till sheer weariness put a tem porary stop to the bedlam. But after a time we saw that there was method in the mad uproar, and that, in its wild way, each act was as well played as scenes in our own theatres might be. One act simulated a kangaroo hunt, and amused us hugely, though we dared not give vent to our mirth. A number of men and boys personated kangaroos, and with twigs tied on for tails, and assuming the attitudes of those ani mals, hopped hither and thither, in pre tended fear of the huntsmen who pursued them. The hunters, on their part, ap peared extremely excited, and sent their spears whizzing perilously near the sup posed game, who, one after another, pre tended to be killed, until there were none left standing. And so on. Bach act in creased In excitement, judging by the ever swelling din, until the culminating point was reached in the last two or three acts. These we watched as breathlessly as the dusky audience. They started with ominous quietness, but all the actors in the wild scene panted with suppressed eagerness, and their eyes glared with terrible ferocity. A number of men glided from the darkness, and, standing shoulder to shoulder, formed two close lines facing each other, and only a few feet apart. Then, keeping time to a plaintive wail from the gins, they bent their necks, and stretched their arms for ward until the finger points of one line touched the finger-points of the other, anglewise. They stood thus for some time, as motionless as if carved out of stone. " Je—hoshaphat !" Mr. Murray ejaculated beside me ; " if that isn't a gable hut made out of human beings ! What the dickens are they going to do next ?" A low " Hush !" came from one of the stockmen, and we again gazed silently. Still to the plaintive accompaniment, a group of men issued from the trees, and with bent forms, drawn faces, and much stomach rubbing (meant to express lunger we supposed), entered the living put, emerging soon with their arms full of pre tended booty, upon which, after lighting a fire, and squatting outside the hut, they appeared to feast. Then they went away. A pause, during which the music changed to a warlike strain, and a man pipeclayed from head to foot to a ghastly whiteness emerged from the hut, and with a stick carried after the manner of a gun, drew near to a black, who, all unconscious of his intention, was about to climb a tree. The white figure aimed the sham gun, there was the flash of a fire brand in the air, a loud report caused by a simultaneous thump of the drums, and chattering w*lth rage, and yelling with well-feigned pain, the injured man limped away. The next instant hell seemed to be let loose. The cleared space was a perfect vortex of tossing limbs, convulsively con torted bodies, and waving. clashing weapons, while clamorous hoots of rage broke from the breathless dancers, and the gins—all order having vanished—beat their drums, faster and faster, while adding their chorUs of demoniac howls to the pande monium. Prom our view of it all seemed bent on tearing their nearest neighbours to pieces, as, with eyes starting from their heads with fury, grinding teeth, and wild shrieks, they fell upon each other, and clashed boomerangs and spears to help to swell the tumultuous uproar. But this could not last long. After a time they sank to the ground exhausted, lying there until sufficiently recovered to once more seek the shelter of the trees. A pause, during which the styence was deathlike, and once more a group of the dark form* stole out from the scrub and formed a hut with their bodies. In the oppressive silence which followed we beard, rather than saw, a number of the dancer* glide snakelike into the open, their bodies writhing on the ground as they swiftly covered the space between the trees and the human hut. A hoarse shout • from Dozy, which was the signal for the con tinuance of the music, and they all rose to their feet, yelling like fiends, and tcre the improvised but to pieces, casting Its living uprights about as lightly as straws. We watched with beating hearts, strung up t<K the highest! I pitch of excite ment, and by this time even I had formed my theory a« to the meaning of the strange play. Another pause, dur ing which one could have heard a pin drop, and the pipe-clayed figure marched out from tho trees, carrying a swag on his hack and a mimic gun on his shoulder. A few paces from the demolished hut he started back in well-feigned surprise, then raged angrily, flinging his swaa; and gun to the cround. Meanwhile the stealthy figures which had composed the hut glared at him with murder in their eyes, and savage glee contorting their vlllainpus countenances. After a time the " white man" appeared to feel the uselcssness of his anger, «nd, lighting • fire, boiled his billy, and made a pretence of eating and drinking. His back was towards the blacks, who, with raised spears, were worm ing themselves nearer and nearer. One aimed his epear. An Instant of horrible tension, during which we seemed to be contemplating actual murder ; a passionate, imoerious shout of " Fire !" & rln*lp« report, and the foremost villain was biting the dust. Then charge after charge thun dered from the firearms of my companions. What followed I scarcely know, but I fancy that few of the shots told. Men end leader were too excited. For one frenzied Instant the blacks stood fairly rooted to the spot by overwhelming fear. Then they ran hither and thither in dis organised groups, audience and actors com mingling. One tall figure towered above the others, and—his limp forgotten—waved his weapons madly in the air, and uttered a strange, wild cry. And as the eavage shout of defiance fell upon their ears, a wave of daring seemed to break over the group. A hoarse yell burst from them as from one man, and with the blood-lust running rfot in tbetr veins they rushed with windllke speed towards us. After one awful momerft, during which the painted figures swam In fire before my eyes, I found myself flying from the spot. My feet seemed suddenly possessed of wings, and bore me. almost without volition on my part; towards my horse. I heard a hoarse " Thank God ! tte boy is safe" beside me, and then we were skimming through the air — somewhere — anywhere — away from those bloodthirsty demons in human form. There was no need to urge our horses for ward. My terror seemed to have Infected them, and they sped like arrows. How loag that mad flight lasted I shall never know, but I do know that It seemed to encompaps years of delirious horror. Even now I can not think of it without cold beads of per spiration breaking out all over me. At last my horse stopped from sheer in ability to go farther ; the poor brute was reeking with sweat and quivering in every limb ; and I found that I was on a vast plain lit with the ghostly light of dawn, and quite alone. However, after what seemed an In terminable time. I heard the clatter of a hone's hoofs behind, and Mr. Murray drew rein beside me. " Thank God ! my boy. Thank God !" he said, fervently, and drew a long breath of relief. I was turning to speak to htm, when an ominous sound was borne to us through the clear morning air, a sound which seemed to freeze the blood In our veins, and make arrant cowardß of vs —of me, I should say, and 10 my shame, for Murray owned not a cowardly inch—a loud, far-reaching yell— the war-cry of the blacks. A second of irresolution as, with pistol cocked, Mr. Mur ray turned in his saddle, and I saw a black fellow bounding over the plain. He was " the nigger with the limp." Then the world seemed to heave itself into blackness, a sound of roaring waters filled my ears, and I knew no more. CHAPTER II.—A Life Lesson. When I came to myself Mr. Murray waß beside me. We were rftill on horseback in the middle of that desolate plain. In the morning light my companion's face looked drawn and twisted with agony. " Better, my lad ?" he asked kindly. " Do you think we could get on a bit ?" A long wail of fear, of I knew not what, broke from me, and I scarcely recognised my own voice as I Mild : " You are hurt, Mr. Murray ?" He smiled to reassure me, but it wa» a pitiful mockery of a smile. " Let's get over there, Bert," he «ald ; " there are trees) there, and—and —a lagoon ; our beasts can't do more than a crawl." His voice was hollow, and he gasped painfully once or twice as he spoke. A dreary half-hour, which seemed spun out by misery into ages, and we reached the ahelter of the fringe of scrub which surrounded the lagoon. I dismounted and tied my horse to a tree, but Mr. Murray still sat as if transfixed to his saddle. I dared not put my fears into words, but gazed with dumb inquiry at him. " If you could give me a helping hand, Bert, my boy," ho said. " JuM hoiet thi» leg over. It's a bit stiff." I did so, and he slid like a log to. the ground. " The villain has done for me," he continued, and closed his eyes with a groan. I thought that be was dead, and my boyish fear can be better imagined than described. I ran to and fro like one de mented for a few minutes, but another groan recalled me to myself. I knew then that he had only fainted, and sped to the lagoon for water. When he was suffi ciently recovered to speak again, he said quite calmly : "Yea, I'm done for. It's kinder to tell you, my lad." " How did it happen ?" I asked wildly. "When you fainted, Bert, I was trying to bring you to, and didn't bear the fellow come so close, until—until—l felt hi* spear —It entered my spine—that's why my legs are *> queer—but"—a grim smile lit up his drawn features for a moment —" I gave it to him, too. When he saw me turn he started to run away, but he didn't run far —I shot him In the leg. I could have finished him easily with another shot, but didn't care to waste more time on the rascal. I wanted to bring you round be fpre the other blacks were upon us, and" But I waited to bear no more. I fled like a mad creature into the bush, born* down with the crushing misery of the thought that my failure in the moment of need had cost a noble man his life. Than came the hope—for sickness and death are foreign to a child's mmd —" He will not die, the others will find us, arid they will know what to do to euro him ;" and a hun dred hopes sprang into life as I returned to the sick man. The days which followed seemed to bring greater calmness to my dying friend. Death had no terrors for him. He wac helpless from the waist down, yet hi* intellect was as bright as ever it had been. Although he said nothing of It to me, I knew that he, too, hoped that the others would find us. Often his eyes seemed glued to the distance, i.B if his intense longing must bting them. But two daya passed and there was no sign ; only for birds, and insects, and the howls which betrayed the presence of dingoes at night, we might have been in a world devoid of all life but our own. On the morning of the third day Mr. Murray called me to him. " I didn't want to raise false hopes in your mind by speaking of it, Bert," he sad ; " but I have thought all along that the others would find us, and so you would get home salely. I fear cow that they were killed by the blacks, and you'll have to be a brave lad and make the best of your way home alone when I'm gone." (Never a thought of himself, or his sufferings.) " I shouldn't rest in my grave if the trust your father reposed in me was neglected. I've always been an Impulsive man, and rushed at things in a break-neck fashion. If I had stopped to think, I would have left you at the station." " But I wanted to come ; I begged you to Uke me." " What boy wouldn't ?" he said, smiling. " Now I'm going to teach you how to find your way home ;" and with feverish eager ness, as if be were afraid that he would die before the lesson was completed, he began to teach me how to understand the bearings of the compass. Throughout that day I was hopeful and despondent by turns. Sometimes the web of misery, which seemed all of my own weaving, threatened to stifle me, but to wards night Mr. Murray was so delighted with the progress I had made that be talked of other countries in a glowing fashion, which made me long to travel, and filled my mind with a desire for adventure, and at the same time lifted me almost insensibly into a higher level of thought. So it was with childish optimism in the ascendant, and a strange feeling of peace, that I lay down to sleep that night. It must have been about midnight when my friend awoke me. " Get up, Bert," he said. "It seems a shame to waste all this precious time in sleep when the stars are shining so brightly. They're such help when one is alone in the bush at night." With sleep still in my eyes, I tried to fol low his teaching as he went from star to star, until I felt lost in wonder of the masy spangles overhead. " There's the Southern Cross," he went on ; "it has helped many a puuled bush man. Make a blase, Bert, and I'll show you what course to take with it to steer by." I collected a little pile of dry twigs and lit them. Turning on his side, Mr. Murray, with shaking fingers, drew a rough chart on the ground, explaining as he went on the whereabouts of Moorlyn. I was an imaginative boy, and the glow of the fire lighting up his pain-worn fea turei and his beautiful, eager eye« made them almost saintly in my sight. In those days of close communion with him, I had grown almost to worship the quiet man who had so gallantly put himself in the back ground, and who, with his feet on the threshold of eternity, showed more con cern about the future of a child than of his own. Of course, I did not think in that way then, but I felt, and his actions and words are woven into my very life. The blaze flickered down, and the man gazed once more starward. " There it is, Bert, my boy ; you won't forget, will you ? Five stars, and every star a face. They'll smile upon you if you're going the right road. There's your mother, Bert, and your little sister, and other faces I don't know. They're all beautiful, but the brightest and most beautiful is my little Dora's. Did you ever see such a face, Bert ?—just like her mother's ; but they say that she has her'father's eyes. Ah! it isn't Dora's face at all ; it is her mother's —four years since she left the little one—what could a man do ? The bush is no place for a baby— how she laughs and crows—too young to miss her mother, thank Ood !—too young to remember her dad f Never mind, little Doric ; when the dad's made a mint o' money he will come home again." And so on. I was not surprised, only awed. It seemed a fitting thing that he should hold communion with the stars. I failed to realise what this new phase meant, and fell asleep while he still babbled to them of Dora.. 1° the morning he did not know me. flis talk was all of his dead wife and little Dora. Sometimes he would turn to me, and wringing my hand, with tears in his eyes beg me to take his love to the child. At times I felt that I could not bear it, and would steal away among the trees and almost weep my heart out with; fruitless desires that help would comer.* Later in the day he grew calmer, •and 'his mind was evidently wandering among youthful scenes, then at night, with his eyes in the Southern Cross, and " Dorm" on his lips, he fell asleep. I slept, too— like a log—borne down by the weight of my grief. It was broad daylight when I awoke. My friend was still asleep. Hours later I realised that it was his last sleep. Oh, the dreadful desolation that seemed to swamp me when I found that I was alone ! I had never seen death before, and a chill horror of the strange thing which was oblivious of my presence, and could neither speak nor move, almost made me run shrieking from the spot But I could not leave him like that. With the tomahawk which he had carried in his belt I hewed out a rude grave, and rolled him into it. I covered his face then, damp with horror at what I had done, and blinded with unavailing tears, I jumped on my horse's back and rode as madly from the spot as if pursued by fiends. Somehow I reached the station —how, I know not, for I was too dazed to study •un or stars, and beyond lashing up my hone when his pace became too slow, I let him bear me where he would. Perhaps this was the best course I could have adopted. I told my story, but my father accredited most of it to delirium, for I was ill for long afterwards. However, 1 still persisted in the same account when completely recovered, and troopers were sent to track out the blacks. But they were unsuccessful. Both tribes seemed to have melted into oblivion. Undoubtedly they had killed the two stockmen, for no word or sign of them ever came to us again. CHAPTER lll.—The Ghost. " Boss, would you mind stepping into my tent for a minute; there's a poor doited creature there who rushed Into it yesterday " I rose with an effort and shook my dream* from me. Whether waking or sleeping dreams I do not know, but I had lived again through every phase of the old tragedy. The fire was a heap of gray ashes, and dawn as gray was tinging the eastern sky. " In a moment, Mac," I said. After pulling myself together mentally. I entered the tent. Crouched at on* end of It was a poor, huddled-up, gibbering black fellow; who was little more than a vreck of skin and bone. His hair was gray and matted, and a stubbly gray beard covered his chin. His akin was a dull gray, flabby, and a perfect network of wrinkles, his eyes glassy and troubled. As for clothing, the few dirty rags which half-covered him could scarcely be called by that name. " Poor wretch !" I muttered. " How did be come to this pass ?" " Don't know, sir," said Mac. "He ran in shortly after sundown last night, all reeking with sweat, and half-dead with flight, and all we could get out of him was ' Bunyip ! Bunyip !* " "Give him something to eat," I said. He tore at his food in a famished, wolfish fashion, and, without changing his posi tion, fell asleep with his head on his knew. " When you're up that way you might inquire about him of some of the selectors beyond the lagoon," I said ; " in the mean time let him stay here; he's not likely to trouble anyone long, I'm thinking." I bad almost forgotten about the black fellow when Mac again came to me after the day's work was over. " I asked them over there about the old nigger," he said. " Well r " They call him Old Kangaroo, an' he's as mad as a hatter, they say—always hang ing about the lagoon. Tried to drown himself two or three times. An' he's raised a Bunyip scare, too, so that not a soul, black or white, will go near the lagoon at night." " What nonsense !" I said. But a ehm ran through me as I recalled the last night I had spent there. " They say as the ghost of the man who discovered these 'ere plains la always to be seen on dark nights. It's him they're named after—Murray's Plains. As the story goes," Mac went on, delighted to find a listener who did not interrupt—" he was speared by the blacks, and died a slow death on the banks of the lagoon." I groaned inwardly. " And," Mac continued, " they say as he'll never rest in his grave until the black that speared him is under ground. . You see, sir, the poor man was never properly buried ; only a bit of a boy to dig his .grave, they cay—and no burial service" Good heaVens ! . Had the man any idea bow he was torturing me ? I rose to my feet with an exclamation : "Do you want to drive me mad with your old woman's tale* ?" I asked angrily. " Burial service forsooth !" And I strode awaj, leaving Mac to make what lie could Bs^Bwilniore disturbed than I cared to own to myself. Would a man rest better after a decent conventional burial ? My father btd meant to erect some monument to the hero's memory, but droughty season*, sickness, and continued losses, which even tually drove us penniless from Moorlyn, kept the matter in abeyance, and so it had never been done. Then I thrust these thoughts from me, remembering the look of hoavenly peace on the dead man's face, and scorned the thought that because man's rituals had not been conformed with his rest would be less sweet. Twenty summers and twenty winters had showered their benedictions of sun and rain on his grave, and the earthly part of my friend was dust long ago. Looking upwards I saw that night was coining on, and one by one the stars were shining out of the deep blue overhead. Ah ! I never looked at them without think ing of the one who had given me my first * and last lesson in astronomy. Bomehow I had wandered to the banks of the lagoon. Then, try as I would, man though I was, a haunting horror seemed to wrap me round, and I would have hurried from the spot, but that I seemed chained to it by some unearthly power. The waters of the lagoon glimmered darkly before me, with here and there a star reflected like some fallen eky jewel in its inkiness. The trees stood out black against the sky, and tossed their branches as the wind caught them. A dingo howled in the distance, a curlew uttered its weird cry as it flew past. Ah ! What was that ? A draped figure with hazy outlines seemed suddenly to take form before me, and move slowly towards the water's edge- I nibbed my eyes to make cure that excited fancy was not playing me false. But no, I was not mistaken. My heart beat a violent tattoo against my side. I rose to my feet. " Man, ghost, or devil," I said between my clenched teeth, " I will find out which." I hurried after the gliding figure. It turned, as if to confront me. I struck a match and held it to the face, and The eyes gasing into mine were those of my dead friend ! One horrified glance, while the ground seemed to be swaying round me, and I obtained sufficient mastery over myself to speak; but ere my shaking lips could frame the words the figure melted into the shadows, and I was alone once more, md oppressed with that soul-crushing feeling of solitude which had been mine after poor Murray's death. Next morning, in calm daylight, I tried to reason away my impressions. Every grain of common sense I possessed revolted against them, yet I felt that I had not been mistaken. I knew that If any other man old Mac for instance, who was our camp gossip—bad come to me with a first-hand ghost story I should have voted him a fool, or come to the con clusion that he was losing his wits. And yet I Pah! A fit of the blues ! The place was too lonely. I would throw my self into my work heart and soul to-day, and to-morrow I would take a day off, ride over to Falrbrook station, and have a chat with Mr. West, my father* old friend. If ever a man could disperse a fit of the blues he could. This resolve made, I felt calmer, and the day passed without any of the qualms which had played havoc with me lately. I felt quite like my old self when I rose from dinner. My an ticipated Jaunt filled my mind, and I went to pack up a few things while daylight lasted. I would have to start at dawn ; I had a fair idea that Mr. West's hospitality would take alarm if I refused to pass the night at the station. This done, I went over to the men's tents, to leave instructions with Mac for the next day's work. While I wa« talking to him the old blackfellow passed us. "He must have been a fine fellow once but for the limp," I said as I paused to look after him. " Yes, barring the- limp," Mac echoed. " He's lame o' both legs." Good heavens ! Could the man be Dozy ? In my astonishment I ran after him to sattefy myself as to his identity. He was Doxy. He caught sight of me, uttered a howl of terror, doubled himself up into his favourite attitude, with his knees almost to his chin, and bounded away. "That's why they call him 'Old Kan garoo,' " said Mac, who had followed me. "My word ! He's making for the lagoon." Sure enough, the old fellow waa bounding towards the lagoon. " Come and see what he's going to do," I said. " Perhaps he's got the drowning mania again." We reached the lagoon before the old fellow. On its banks a woman was stand ing—a tall creature, straight as a dart, and with beautiful, fearless brown eyes. As we passed her quite clft»ely something familiar in her face struck me, and, scarcely realising what I did, I stood and gazed at her. There are moments in our lives in which we seem endowed with some supernatural sense. As I gazed a light broke on my mind, and as If in answer to the thought the woman spoke : " My name is Dora Murray, and I am look ing for my father's grave." The words were scarcely uttered when poor Old Kangaroo bounded past, gave one upward glance at the white-clad figure, and with an unearthly shriek of " Bunyip ! Bunyip !" sprang with incredible speed to wards the lagoon. For a moment we stood as if petrified, then with one consent rushed after him. I dragged the poor fellow out Just as the waters were closing over him, and laid him on the bank. But all our efforts to resusci tate him were unavailing. " He's not drowned," Mac said ; " he died o' fright." " Poor old fellow !" wept the girl ; "he took me for a bunyip," and the tears of the daughter of the man he had slain fell on dead Dozy's face, and as if touched by some spirit hand its wrinkled ugliness smoothed miraculously away, leaving it, but for its fringe of gray hair, young and peaceful with a wonderful peace. We buried him there, not ten yards from where his victim, the bravest man I have ever known, lay in his last long sleep And as " dust to dust" was uttered, and the fresh sod fell, all the bitterness of tho memories I had cherished seemed to roll from me, to be hidden for ever in poor Dozy's grave. And I let the dead past bury itn dead, keeping my own counsel as to the part he had played. Dora Murray had come to the spot from no morbid desire to lament at her father's grave. When I had told her the story, she said with teirs in her beautiful eyes : " I am proud—prouder, perhaps, of him dead—as he died—than I might have been of him living." Murray's Plains is a hallowed spot to us, and always will be, for did not our friend ship start there, our lifelong friendship which was afterward* cemented by the deareet of ties ? Once when we paid one of our periodical visits to the lagoon, I told Dora that when I first saw her I had taken her for a ghost. "There are no ghosts, dear," she said, meditatively; " but 'the spirits of those who love us are always near. His brought us together."