SHORT STORIES. THE LAST VOYAGE OF MARTIN. YALLANCE: A SEA STORY OF TO-DAY. (By John Arthur Barry, in "Cham bers's Journal.") OHAPTER Il.-(Continued.) The wind had died entirely away, and the gloom was so thick I could hardly see to cast adrift the curtains of 'the pen and fix them snugly over the bars. But for these things-made to protect Nan from the spray on the Antelope in heavy weather-we shoul d' have been done, for I was certain that enough water was going to fall in the next few minutes to sinic the cage. As it was, I felt nervous about the result. I had thought there was no wind in the storm. But I was wrong, for pre seafly a low, white mound showed itself advancing from the edge of the horizon, quite discernible with the play of the lightening upon it, and travelling swiftly towards me, roar ing with a mighty noise of windr and waiter as it caane. 'lThunder pealed and crashed as if the foundations of the ocean were brealiig up, whilst tihe heavens glowed with such contin uous flames of electricity as made the eye wither to look upon. I had never in all my experience seen anything t like this. And I pretty well gave myself up for'lost--feeling in that I moment neither hunger nor thirst as the wall of wind-swept water roared upon us and took the pen up and threw it in the air, and whirled it round and round, and hither and thither in a cloud of spume and hiss ing, pelting foam, till, as I lay, my hands gripping the legs of the pen and my toes stuck through the canvas cover, I grew sick and dizzy with the motion and turmoil, and expected each minute to feel the cage capsize, fill,.and go down. lBut with .that first great wave the worst was over, and Nan and I were still right-side up. And now, at last, down came the rain, not in drops, but.jn such solid sheets as fairly bore me flat, beating the breath out of me as I stretched face downwards and listened to the water pouring off me like a cataract. But I was glad, for I knew the fai!l would quiet that venomously hissing sea, that seethed and raged so close to my soaked and battered body. As the first weight passed I opened a carner of the tarpaulin, and peered at Nan. She was crouching in one corner, and there was far more water washing about than I fancied the look of, con sidering that. I had nothing I could use as a bailer. Also, the pen had sunk appreciably under the added weight of fresh water and salt. In an hour the storm had gone, the sun shone out, and a nasty tumble of a, sea got up, one of those crmss-cross seas that seem to come from all quarters at once-a sea. that speeiLtLy made a half-tide rock of my refuge, amd threatened to fill it completely in another hour or-two more. As to wind, there was none to bother much about; and I was getting the benefit of the released sea, held so long under by its iron hand. Presently, to avoid being swept off, I had to change' my position, and now I stood on the bot tom leg up to my waist in water, and hung on to the top one--a precarious business, to say nothing of sharks. Every few minutes a couple of chop ping seas would make a. rendezvous of the pen, and, meeting, break olea.n over it, half smothering me, and, as I could plainly feel, each time putting more water inside. At this rate of going, I considered that less than an hour would finish matters, unless the wretchedly wild sea went down. I had been straining my gaze to the horizon, when, gradually bringing it round, I saw something over my shoulder that made me actually yell with the surprise and delight of it. There, not two hundred yards away, nodding and dancing to the chop, was a fine big lump of a cutter-rigged boat, her foresail hauled down and partly hanging in the water over the bows, the mainsail and gaff heaped -along the boom. Over the latter spar leaned a. couple of men clad in blue cotton dungaree, looking straight at me, but giving no sign. Their fea tures were dark, and as their arms hung down over the sail the sunshine glittered on some bright objects, ap parently held in their grasp. Climb ing on to the pen, I shouted at tdhe top of my voice and waved my arms. But they never stirred, and I thlought I could make out, even at that dis tance, a sneering expression on their livid faces. Again I yelled; ay, and cursed them, and shook my fiist at 

 them, for the boat was passing me, blown along before the wind-passing me at right angles, a beautiful model of a craft, her white side, with its nar row gold beading, giLstening we.t to each heave of the stra,4lht stem. A regular dandy of a boat, never built, it struck me even at that moment, to be carried oni shipboard. My God, how swiftly she was getting away from me! Evidently there was only one thing to be done, but I hesitated. The stolid cruelty of those dark faces scared me. Would not such villains be apt to take pleasure in repulsing a drowning man who cdime to them for rescue? Then I laughed aloud. What could it matter how the end eaane, when come it must if I stayed where I was? And without further thought I stripped, plunged in, and swaan for the boat. I was weaker than I thought.; and the cross sea took a lot of getting through. Also, the boat was farther away than I sup posed her to be, and had it not been for the sail acting in great measure as a drag, I doubt whether I should ever have done the swim. As it was, when at last I grasped the sodden canvas, all I could do was to bJang on to mt, panting convulsively, and not knowing when boat-hook or hand spike might descent on my head. A minute or so's rest, and then, pain fully crawling over the bows mother naked as I was, I staggered aft. The pair still stood in the same position, close to each other, staring stead fastly seaward, their backs towards me, in the natural, easy posture of men resting. Were they drunk, or blind, or deaf and dumb? I wondered, as I stood there, on the break of the little half-deck, staring down at them. And then, my eyes travelling along their bodies, a great hot sweat broke out, tingling like prickly heat all over me, and I reeled back in dismay as I saw that, from the hips downwards, they were the colour of saplings charred by a bush fire! Black as ink, without a stitch of clothing, ran four straddling, shape less stumps that had once been thighs and legs-black as ink they ran into the foul rain-water that washed be tween them in the boat's bottom. A truly desperate and awful sight, and one that made me feel sick and ill as I gazed alternately at the burnt sup ports and the fleshy trunks above them. The horrible spectacle took all the stomach out of me, perhaps be cause that organ was so miserably empty just at that moment. Any how, it was some minutes before 1 mustered courage to step across and face that grisly pair. God only knows what colour their skin had originally been, but now it was a horrid purplish blue. They had stiff, scrubby black hair and beards, and were so much alike they might have been brothers. In more than one place on breast and arm I caught sight, through the slapshed dungaree, of scarce-healed wounds, telling of wild work not long since. On each hip lay, in its curved sheath, a murderous-looklng knife; and from a steel cuff on each oi their wrists hung a small chain--some of the links fused and melted as if in a furnace. These were the bright ob jects I had noticed. And they doubt less formed a key to the tragedy, or at least to part of it. Snugging their boat in the terrible storm of the morning, the pair had been struck by lightning and instantly shattered and withered as I now beheld them lut before that? I could not give a guess even-mutineers, pirates, con victs? Well, here was romance at last, of a sort, good measure, heaped up, more than enough to satisfy me for those humdrum years that had passed! (To be Continued.) When in despair you've lost all hope, your washtub friend is Magic Sap.* The palace of Versailles, in Paris, is supposed to be the costliest ever built. It is said that Louis the Fourteenth, to pre vent the vast sums which he spent upon this wonderful palace being known, threw all the documents relating to it into the fire.