: CHAPTER IV. i/r-';WeWMl been eX home just three weeks, when jone evening, soon after tea. Jack entered my little parlour with an anxious cloud on his 13XDW*- 'W ? V ' :i: 'Constab^e,'^ began, earnestly laying his hand oa a^^vwlder. ' One of the stockmen *as cOTjfPpg Irora Beadnian's Creek. He t&fflmm&k'&e - »P there, and it is S$S^Bforofe;#-Jrtj-on us. You are not afrasHo' stay tiere iwith the women and old BoK, f*r fetfeerand I niast go off post haste ?' He n&&ed at Kitty as he spoke, and she said eagerly.- 1; _?',; ~V ?«-;'?' . ^ _. ' JIo ! O^no «; l¥e are not afraid,' wfriie I ,ad4ed. ?; -«*»sfe tremulously, ' No, Jade, go #*«*?'? ':-:-y'?X&.r- ? v ._'. He bant down and kissed my forehead as if to reassure ma, and then, 'Waving his hand gaily to Kitty, hurriedly left the room. As soon as he had gone, Kitty and I went to the verandah to try and see some signs of the enemy. But there was no change in the fair, pale, evening; sky ; the dark belt of wood that encircled the flat before us was even more void of smoke than usual, for in these parts, during the summer, there is nearly alwayssmoke lurk ing somewhere in the woods. The golden stars began to pierce through the Heavens as we watched ; the curlew whirled past us with his plaintive night-cry, and the solemn stillness of the evening fell on us like a spell. ' Look ! Connie,' suddenly cried Kitty, pointing excited[y towards the western horizon. ' Da yoa see that blush-like red upon the sky yonder?' : I eagerly followed her eye, and sure enough there was a faint pale-red reflection, very slight, very distant, but still a reSection. And as we gazed, with a chill, indescribable kind of nervousness creeping over us, tbe flush broadened and deepened, stretching along the sky with apalling quickness, till at last, from behind the front range there rushed up a dense, black cloud of smoke, followed, in a moment, by one long pale finger of fire. Kitty and I clung closer together, while we heard the ex citable shouts of the servants who were assem bled near us on one of the lawns, and saw one of -the selectors dash past us on horseback, crossing the flat in the direction of the fire. That one quivering iiarac was followed swiftly by others, and the fire, gaining in strength and quickness every moment, soon had the sloping, thickly-wooded range one living mass of flames. Oh ! dreadful and apalling sight, a bush-fire, and yet, how grand ! The red-hot trees with the fiery flames licking their blackened trunks. The intense and awful darkness of the forest which they have not yet reached ; while; standing out, in marked and startling distinctness, was every object over which their lurid shadow had been thrown ! ' The Flat I The Flat !' shrieked old Cob, the gardener, wringing his hands that had withered in my father's service. . ' They must stop it in the Flat, or we're done ! If it gels a hold among them dry rushes, it'll make a clean sweep of everything !' It was evident the men had seen that, for presently, on the trdge of the Flat, a jet of flame shot up, running well round it, and effectually stopping the track of the destroyer. Old Cob clapped his hands in delight. 'We're all right! We're all right!' Fire kills fire! God be praised for't.' And so it did ; the fire, baffled, receded quickly, while its opponent burnt slowly across the Flat, two or three men beating it out when it had spread f.ir enough. There was no immediate danger now ; the fire spread farther back into the forest, and the wind, providentially changing, moved it altogether from our direction. How thankful were we to see father and Jack safely back again ! Be grimed with smoke ; burnt on hands and face ; spent with fatigue — they were, pretty objects ! 'It was a near toucher,' Jack said. 'If the wind had not changed, the whole station would have gone, for, though the Fiat was safe enough, it would have had us at the back, to which it had been rapidly working.' ' Connie,' began Kitty, that evening, as we stood by our window, watching the dark mountain that, but a couple of hours before was raging in flames, and which now was darker than ever, although a lingering curl of flame and an occasional burst of smoke, told us that -the foe was still to be feared, ' Connie, dear, I have a feeling that something is going to happen to me. 1 cannot explain, dear girl, but I feel it, Constance ! I feel it I' I gazed at l:er earnestly, as she passed her arm round my shoulders, and drew me to her. ' You are nervous and excited, dear Kitty,' I answered reassuringly, 'anil no wonder I' ' No, my dear, I am neither nervous uor excited, my heart is quite steady, Connie.' There was an ineffable and tender loveliness in her eyes as they met mine — a strange, fond yearning in her smile, as she turned her face to me — pallid in the moonlight. 'Kitty? DenrKiUy!' I softly whispered. ' Connie ! Dearest Connie !' she answered, kissing my forehead.