AN OLI) TIME 'TOI?t Y. .CHAPTER III. That evening about .9 o'clock Merry was sitting in the little dining-room with her aunt, a silent, broken-spirited woman, who lived in terror of her husband. The room was dimly lighted by two or three 'home-made tallow candles, looking out of place in heavy silver stands. Merry was stooping over some linen she'was.mending close to the light. Her aunt was seated opposite, also sewing. "Merry, child," .she exclaimed pre sently, "take care; .your hair is almost in the candle." Merry laughed, and pushed it away. "They got-so dim," she said. "I have snuffed them about twenty-five times already. Is that ;uncle?" There were heavy steps in the pas sage, and the door was flung open. The Captain came in, followed by a far younger man, with a handsome, evil face, who, having saluted Mrs. Hey carelessly, drew a chair close to Merry. A sickening odour of tobacco, spirits, and the stable came with the two men into the room, overpowering the deli-. cate fragrance of a bowl of roses on the table. The Captain went to the sideboard, filled a glass with 'brandy, and drank it without a word. Then he flung a blue envelope into 'his wife's lap. "Read that," he said, savagely. She looked timidly up at him; his' face was purple with passion. "And harken, both of ye. If yqu dare look the same side of the road as that - magistrate I'll turn you out of house and home. The foolhardy cur. No one ever dared to insult me so hbefore. He shall smart for it. i'll make the place too hot to hold him. I'll go to the Go vernor about sending us such.an in competent milksop." The Captain paused, unable to find words to vent his anger. Merry's face grew white, and she stooped lower over her work, forgetting for a mo ment Mr. Long's objectionable near ness. He put his arm over the back of her chair. "What's up, Merry? You look as white as a ghost. Are you frightened of him? Conie out on the verandah with me, and I'll bring the roses back to your cheeks." Merry shrank from him with ill concealed disgust, and the Captain tuined on her fiercely. "You, girl, I suppose you're glad of this. Just suit you. 'Pon my word, I wonder if you had a hand in it. If you did"-and he advanced threateningly. "Come now," said Mr. Long, roughly, "I'll not have the girl frightened out of her senses by you, Captain. She's mine, remember. Come out, you've had enough." And he led hini away. Merry seized the opportunity. "Good night, Auntie," she whispered, stoop ing to kiss her, hurriedly. "Just look, Merry. To think of any one daring to write to father like that," said her aunt in a frightened whisper. Merry glanced at the note, and the colour came back to her face at the sight of the bold, clear handwriting and its signature. "Oh, Merry, don't go. Mr. Long will be so vexed," she said, fearfully, but Merry had lied, and bolted her door. He was angry, as Mrs. Hey found to her cost when he came back. "Little minx," he said, angrily. "I'll soon teach her to be more amiable." He sat down in Merry's vacant chair. "It's all fixed up," he said, cooly. "I'll be back from Hobart Town about Christ mas Day, and I'll bring the old parson with me, if I can get him. I'll take her off to Myrtle Creek then, so you'd better look sharp and get her things ready. I'll send you up any fal-de lals you want from Hobart Town. Bother the girl. I wanted to speak to her to-night. She won't be the first skittish young thing I've broken in. There will be a scene, of course, for she doesn't like me, but she'll soon get over it. I shall stay all night, and see her in the morning." It was before 6 o'clock next morn, ing that Merry, standing bare-headed in the early sunlight, feeding her fowls and pigeons, saw Mr. Long coming to her. He was booted and spurred, ready to start for his farm, which was eight miles away. He came upon her un awares; she thought he had gone the night before. "Good morning, Miss Merry," he said, saluting her mock ingly. "I've a quarrel with you." He seized her unwilling hand and drew it through his arm. "You can walk a little way with me now, as you would not last night.". "Please let me go," said poor Merry, feeling as if her last hour had come. "Not I, sweetheart. I have some thing to say to you. You know what I want." Merry stood trembling and fearful, yet facing him defiantly. "I'm going to Hobart Town to-day," he continued. ' "I shall be back by Christmas Day, and then I'm going to marry you, and take you home. What do you say to that, my lass?" He stood looking, with half-insolent amusement at his victim's dismay. For a mo ment the girl could find no words, as the blow fell she had been dimly fear ing. She wrenched her hand away, with terror in her eyes. "Come, now," he said, laying his hand heavily on her shoulder, 'you're rather a lucky girl, if you only knew it. On my honour, I'm very fond of you, Merry, and you treat me shame fully. You are the most perverse piece I ever knew. The more pro voking you are the more determined I am you shall'marry me." "I will never marry you," said Merry, in a voice low with passion, flinging off his hand, and facing him with defiance in every line of her figure. "You wicked man." Mr.-Long laughed. He did not take her seriously. "What a little spitfire," he said, easily. "No use, my dear; you are completely in my power. Ask your uncle if you want to know more. You shall come home with me when I come back. Say good-'bye to me pro perly, sweetheart. .Jove, you won't let a fellow show you his soft side." Merry's state of mind during. the days that followed cannot well be de scribed. By turns desperate, fiercely rebellious, heartsick, and hopeless; the glorious December days seemed to mock her misery. She meditated wild plans of escape, but found she was so watched, and her liberty so lessened, that it was impossible to do anything: I How she longed for her one friend. "He would help me if I could let him know." But he was away 50 miles, at the other end of his wide district, she heard. Hope almost died out- of her heart. She refused to look at the things which came by special carrier from Hobart Town, and flung the let ter that came with them unopened into the fire. Her aunt was almost beside herself with worry, and was perpetu ally dissolved in tears. She could do nothing with Merry. She would do no sewing; would not even let the woman who was sewing try on a dress of silky, white material Mr. Long had sent. Yet Mrs. Hey loyally kept her misdoings from her uncle. Her altered looks did not escape him, however. "Don't look so glum, girl," he said, with a rough laugh; "your lover will -re here on Thursday night, so you can be married on Friday-Christmas Day." Merry's last flicker of hope seemed to die out. Her dread of Mr. Long amounted to positive loathing. "I'll go. and die in the bush before I see him again." She took her sunbonnet, and went across to the stable. Her pony was in a loose box there, and she hid her face in his warm neck, crying bitterly. "Miss Merry," said someone close to her. The girl looked up, startled. Tracey'stood beside her, his rough face pitiful, yet full of suppressed excite ment. "The magistrate give me this for you, pnd I've something to tell you." The girl took the scrap of paper-a leaf torn from a pocket-book. Bewil dered, she read the hasty pencil scribble. "Dear Miss Hey,-Are they forcing you to marry that scoundrel, Long? As you valiue your honour, have nothing to do with the villain. I am in des perate anxiety about you. I can find means for your escape, if you will trust me. Bearer will explain all. I have given him all directions. Meet me to morrow night by 'Possum Creek, dis guised, if you can. I shall wait there with horses.-Your servant, Horace Cary." Merry gave a little rapturous cry "Thank God," she said. "Hush, Missie, be careful," said the man, fearfully. "Quick; let me tell you. I knew you was miserable, so when I met the Lieutenant when I was coming back with the horses from the blacksmith's to-day I told him all. You never saw a man in such a fury, Miss Merry. "Tracey," he says at last, "you must help me to save her." "Right, sir, that I will." Then he thought, and says he, "It's a risky busi ness, but it's the only chance. She must meet me between 5 and 6 o'clock to-morrow. 'Tell her to trust me.' Them were his very words, Miss. There's the Captain." And Tracey slipped into another stall and began grooming the Captain's bay assidu ously. Almost dazed at first, Merry caught at the desperate chance offered her as a drowning man clutches at a straw. With wits sharpened by her danger, she at once began her plans and pre parations for escape. Going quietly to one of her aunt's cupboards she took out a half-worn suit that had belonged to a dead cousin, and, covering it with some sheets, carried it off to her own room. Then she found a soft, slouch hat that Mr. Long had left hanging in the spare room, and some ties and col lars in a drawer. Having carefully locked these up, she went into the din ing-room, where her aunt was sitting, a pile of sewing in front of her. To a careless observer the girl looked almost her old bright self again, but the flush on her cheeks was one of feverish ex citement. "Can I help you, auntie?" she said, daringly. Mrs. Hey stared at her. "So you're coming to your senses, child? It's about time you did. You've nearly driven me wild." Thursday dawned fair and sunny. "Long's home," remarked the Captain at dinner. "He'll be over about 8 this evening." All the colour faded from the girl's face. "When will the parson be here?" she asked. "Oh, bother the parson," said her uncle. "Happen he couldn't find one. I don't know." Merry fled to her room, and prayed in agony for the success of her despe. .rate venture. "My only hope. 'If it fails. Trouble for him as well as me, perhaps. Why did he help me? It shall not fail." It was about 5 o'clock, when the whole place seemed asleep and dream ing in the hot afternoon sunshine, and there seemed to be nobody about, that Merry walked leisurely over to the slip-panel, and quietly away into the bush. Tracey, by the stable, was watching her, in a far greater state of fear than she seemed to be in herself. But how she flew when once the trees screened her from view. Over fences and logs, through scrub and bracken, till, breathless, she came to an old hol low tree. "Thank God. How easy it was." She was. rapidly slipping oft her skirt and jacket, with which she had covered her disguise. She stuffed them into a hollow log, then her sun bonnet, with a thick coil of hair .inside it. She rumpled up her short locks, and put Mr. Long's old hat on. "I hope a bush fire will come along, and burn them," she thought, fervently, as she hurried off, finding her new guise much easier to walk in. Hark! What was that? Merry dropped flat on the ground beside a grey old log, and not a moment too soon, for the Captain and his overseer were about thirty yards away, driving three or four half-wild cattle. "The dogs!" was the girl's terrified thought, as she lay, hardly daring to breathe. But they were so busy with the refrac tory beasts that they passed her hiding place, all unconscious. It was perhaps a quarter of an hour before the girl, all unnerved, dared to set off again. In another half-hour she reached 'Possum Creek. Breathless, almost fainting with dread and suspense, she strained her eyes, and could see no sign of horse or man. She sank down on a log, and covered her face with her hands. "Suppose-" But someone was be side her; he had been quietly waiting in the tea-tree scrub. He seized her hands. "'Bless you, lassie," he said in a low voice, tense with emotion. "I had almost given up hope. Come, the horses are here." A strong bay stood beside the Lieu tenant's grey. "We have no time to lose," he said quietly. "You are my friend, John Thomas, going to Port Philip by the ketch Swallow. My man, Jerry, is going over with you. A boat is coming to Sealer's Creek for you at turn of tide to-night-9 o'clock. It is 25 miles to the Creek. Are you ready for a ride? Be brave, lassie." For answer Merry stooped, impul sively; and kissed the brown hand holding hers in a strong, protecting clasp. "I am ready for anything. Some day I will thank you," she said, and sprang into the saddle. "Don't spare him; let him have his head, John," cried the Lieutenant, coming abreast of her. "Now, then." Both, hor.es were full of corn, and mettlesome. For perhaps 25 minutes they rode at a seemingly reckless gal lop, neck to neck, over a partly cor duroyed track. The horses seemed to have caught the excitement of their riders, and to be straining every nerve to do their will. The Lieutenant, even in the midst of tie gravest anxiety, was unable to resist a glance of half-amused admiration at the hand some boy, with flushed cheeks and shining eyes, sitting his horse so steadily, and managing him so skil fully. "That was bravely done," he said, warmly, when at last they drew rein at a steep, stony hill. "You are a little Briton. Your disguise is excel lent, Miss Hey," he said, coming close. "But you must hide your face a little more." He asked a few rapid questions, and made some explanations. "Jerry will take you to an old friend of mine. He has money. Everything is arranged, and this is a letter for you. You can read it on Christmas Day if the pas sage is smooth," and he smiled as he handed it to her. "We turn into the bush presently," he said; "there we shall be quite safe." Just then, round a sharp turn in the road, came another rider. Merry's heart stood still. She gave one terrified glance at her com panion. He straightened himself in the saddle. "Keep cool," he said, quietly, and Merry pulled the soft hat low down over her forehead. It was quite light yet, the rose light of the sunset lingering softly on the bush. The man passed them, staring curi ously. "Hullo!" he exclaimed, wheeling round sharply when he had almost passed. - "Is that Lieutenant Cary?" Merry, almost sick with fear, heard the voice she dreaded most on earth. How she endured the horror of the next moment or two she never could tell. The Lieutenant leisurely reined in his horse, skilfully putting himself between Mr. Long and Merry. "Did you wish to speak to me, sir?" he asked cooly. Mr. Long looked at him with. a sort of sneering triumph. "Yes, I've just settled a little account with you, sir, for several good turns you have done me and my friends. You're not likely to trouble this district much longer, as you'll hear from the Governor in a day or two, no doubt. We're quits now, I think." "Ah," said the Lieutenant. "Quits, are we? Surely you have paid me double, sir, I did not deserve so much." "I can afford to be generous some times," said the other, sneering. "Good night; I am in a hurry." And he went off. The other two rode on in silence for some moments, Merry trembling so vio lently that the Lieutenant, in great anxiety, made her stop and take some brandy. Then they turned off into a blazed track in the moonlit bush. The rest of that ride was like a dream to Merry. Her companion was ever be side her, with a cheery word or a joke. "Mr. Long says we are quits, Miss Hey. To-morrow he will come for me and my men to scour the country for a lost bride. Think of me to-morrow." Merry kept up bravely till they came to the creek, and heard the quiet splash of oars. Then she broke down for a moment, and clung tightly to his hand. "I shall never see you again," she whispered. He drew her closer. "In deed you will, Merry, my darling." And before sunrise on Christmas Day the white-winged Swallow had fled.