{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red213\green213\blue213;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth20868\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadt160 \clpadl160 \clpadb160 \clpadr160 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
RECOLLECTIONS OF A SEPTUAGE NARIAN.\
Chapter XXXVII. Old Colonial Weather.\
There can be no doubt that the occu pation of an ancient and extensive desert by civilized man modifies the climate of the locality and renders it better adapted\
for the requirements of his race. I think the settled districts of South Australia afford unequivocal evidence of this fact. Among the visible agencies producing these results, two of the more obvious and effective, although not perhaps acting in unison, are clearing away of timber and cultivation of the soil. Those who in the early days of the colony saw storms of rain descending with almost tropical violence on the smooth and hard baked plains of Adelaide and instantly rushing off as from a metallic surface, flooding in their way gutters, creeks, and rivers, can fully estimate the contrast presented at the present time. Now hundreds of miles north, south, and east of Adelaide have been penetrated by the plough or spade, and consequently temporarily detain the rain, part of which subse quently filtrates to the nearest water course, while the remainder is either absolved by vegetation or evaporates into the atmosphere. These and other processes consequent on our settling here have, as old colonists agree, considerably modified our weather. My present business, however, is with that and kindred phenomena as we found them on arrival in the colony. That the climate is not of a deadly nature I personally furnish an instance. I have resided almost constantly for more than 33 years in South Australia. My occupations have been chiefly carried on in the open air, and the noontide hours have always been included in my working period, yet never was I detained from business by weather of any kind, except on one remarkable day, to which I will presently allude more particularly. I have been for weeks together, sometimes for months, in the remote bush, and have then alike through wet weather and dry slept frequently under a tarpaulin, a blanket, wallaby skins, and sometimes the open sky, my couch on such occasions having generally been the green sward or the wave levelled sand of the sea-beach, yet I never sustained diminution of health in consequence. Undoubtedly our midday summer heat is occasionally excessive, and in an occasional season like the last, the first of its kind which I have experienced, aided by increased exhalations, rendered the atmosphere oppressive and for a time unwholesome. In the early days of Adelaide the intense heat of solar rays reflected from a bare dry surface was trying to European constitutions, but only produced momentary inconvenience and was rarely the occasion of injury. Instances of coup-de-soleil were, as they now are, less frequent than might have been anticipated, and were in most cases attributable to carelessness. Yet most of the business arrangements which occa sioned the congregating of numbers took place at or about noon. It was often suggested that in the summer season a cessation of business for two or three hours in the middle of the day should take place, but the suggestion was never acted on \'97 a clear proof that its necessity has never made itself imperatively felt. I have said that there was one day on which I absented myself from business by constraint of weather ; that was " Black Thursday," the 5th. of February, 1851, a day without parallel even in this hemi sphere. I resided then at the foot of the hills, between three and four miles from Adelaide. My horse was saddled at the usual hour, and I had ridden a few hundred yards from my gate, when the animal recoiled from a blast which re sembled the combined and concentrated vapour issuing from a thousand brick-kilns. I returned him to the stable, leaving the saddle on, for I thought that tempest would soon relieve the atmosphere of its sulphurous burden ; but as the day wore on the sky became denser and and darker, the air hotter and more noxious. Feeling certain that, for once, business in Ade laide would be suspended, I liberated the horse from his saddle, left him to luxuriate in a cool stable on new hay and fresh-drawn well-water, and kept down my own temperature by frequent and copious sprinkling of rooms and verandah with cold water, and the personal imbibition of cups of hot liquids. That day fruits of all kinds then in season were literally roasted on the trees, having the exact flavour of fruit long submitted to the action of fire. Leaves of trees and bushes and the upper portions of vegetables were so thoroughly calcined that a mere touch reduced them to powder. The whole of Australia appears to have been subjected to the inclemency of that unearthly day, and it assumed much greater severity in Victoria and New South Wales than in South Australia. When engaged in gold-digging in the ad joining colony in 1852 several Victorian settlers, for the time similarly engaged, narrated to me extraordinary scenes which they had witnessed in the uncultivated districts of that colony on Black Thurs day. Enormous bush-fires were burning in every direction, sheep and cattle were roasted alive, and several human lives were sacrificed. In some instances, while one fire was rushing and roaring along another conflagration would burst forth a few miles ahead, as if the eager demon of fire had vaulted unseen over the intervening space. It is a curious fact, to which I can personally bear testimony, that the abori ginals of Victoria uniformly attributed the origin of gold to Black Thursday, which immediately preceded its discovery. I have heard many of them insist on the fact with great earnestness. This is almost proof that they were not acquainted with the existence of the precious metal until its discovery by Europeans. Cor roboration of this assumption is afforded by the absence of gold from among substances which previously they were accustomed to employ for use or ornament. I used, while working at the gold-diggings, to consider the latter a remarkable fact, taking into account the rich colour of the metal and its prevalence at the time of which I write. Of course natives could not be expected to unearth it, or, if they did, to distinguish it from accompanying earth or stone ; but when I was there I found spots on the surface where after rain small golden beads glistened in the sunshine sufficiently to attract abservation. On such occasions I have in a few hours scraped together with my pocket-knife as many minute nuggets from among the blades of grass as would fill a dessert-spoon. These varied in size from the dimensions of sparrow to swan shot. It struck me as strange that none of these pretty little beads were ever impressed into the service of lubra or piccaninny. We used to have extremely cold as well as extremely hot weather in Adelaide, and I am inclined to think that the alternation of extremes was more marked and sudden then than latterly. Ice in the streets was not an uncommon spec tacle. Frozen gutters we witnessed last winter, but the ice was less massive and more evanescent than formerly.\
There was also a slight fall of snow, which from its rarity ex cited great curiosity. Once, and but once, I witnessed a snowstorm here worthy of England. I think it must have occurred in the winter of 1840, but have no means of referring to the correct date. I was at \'a0 that time editing a newspaper, which was printed at the northern side of South Adelaide, while my residence was at the southern extremity. The sun had not risen when I left the office. A little sleet was falling, by no means an uncommon occurrence, while hailstorms of extreme violence were frequent, and sometimes inflicted much damage on buildings and gardens. In a few minutes the sky grew much darker, and a heavy fall of snow commenced \'97 real feathery snow \'97 in flakes as large as sixpences and shillings floating gradually down and accumulating where they fell. By the time I reached home the ground, trees, roofs of houses, and all other inert objects were clad in an uniform of glistening white. Not a bush nor flower displaying its own colours was visible in my garden, and I cast heavy fleeces from my outer garments as I dis carded them. Many a game at snowballs I played next day with boys, some of them older than myself, originators of the colony, whom I will not name in connec tion with such pastime. Snow in large patches remained visible in the township for days, and the Mount Lofty range of hills presented a strange and picturesque appearance. On riding, even three weeks after, in the neighbourhood of Mount Barker, I saw masses of snow of conside rable depth still lying in gullies and other sheltered spots, whither, no doubt, they had been drifted. That such a fall is of very rare occurrence was proved by the testimony of natives. The young had never beheld such a scene, the middle aged had heard of, and the most anti quated patriarchs had witnessed something like it. \'a0 One of the phenomena, probably elec trical, that used to startle new arrivals was the whirling dust-column. Multitudinous lines of buildings had not then been erected to curtail the free exercise of their gambols in Adelaide. Some of these columns traversed miles before dissolution, were of extreme height, and possessed of such mechanical force that while spinning along they would catch into their vortex and raise from the ground straw, rags, papers, sticks, and all such ' unconsidered trifles.' I once saw moderately-sized account-books and an empty cashbox thus exalted to a very respectable distance from the ground. One day I was standing in front of our little wooden Court-House in conversation with Mr. Charles Mann, when a tall column went rushing and roaring past us, increasing its bulk at every yard of pro gress. We estimated its height at a mile. When it had proceeded onward about a quarter of a mile it stopped suddenly, ex panded its substance laterally to about twenty times its travelling breadth, when a new compact column darted up in its centre, and resuming the journey left the discarded atoms behind it, like the cast skin of an enormous serpent. One re markable characteristic of these dust whirls is that when they have \'a0 free course for their progress the surrounding atmosphere is breath lessly still. In 1840 I was taken into custody by one on North-terrace, which was a favourite resort of these pirouetters. I had just descended the steps of the Bank of South Australia, when I found myself in the embrace of a massive pillar travelling with great velocity. It screwed me half way round, and imparted to me the sensation of being about to ascend into the air, which exaltation, however, I escaped. When released from the hug of my dusty friend, I brushed from my face a considerable quantity of his discarded substance, and beheld near me three ladies of my acquaintance, who were clad in white garments ; these had been left unsoiled by the uncleanly monster which had chosen his path close to them. I regret to add they were heartless enough to laugh loudly at my involuntary ' Jim Crow' action, and at my subsequent resemblance to an obsolete statue in some neglected shrine. Another phenomenon which I often observed, and which occurred only when the atmosphere was motionless, was the sudden snapping and falling of trees apparently sound, and some of them of gigantic size. The crash which ensued amid surrounding silence was peculiarly emphatic. Occa sionally this apparently preternatural stillness was suddenly broken by a sort of sirocco, which exercised its fury for a few minutes and then left all around motion less and silent as before, but not, when forcing its way through woodlands, until it had torn off sturdy branches, and even uprooted massive trees. One afternoon, on my return from Adelaide towards my then residence at the foot of the Mount Lofty range of hills, I had nearly passed through the forest, which is now called Norwood, when behind me I heard a din composed of roaring, hissing, crack ling, and other contending sounds. The wind-fiend was half-a-mile to rearward, but approaching direct towards me. The atmosphere was perfectly calm and op pressively heavy. All trees near me seemed asleep ; not a leaf was moving. The advancing atmospheric wave made itself terribly apparent by flying branches, tall trees swayed and bent like twigs, and an attendant cloud of sticks, bark, leaves, and dust. I put my mare to her speed for a few seconds, but finding flight vain I dismounted and chose as standing ground the clearest spot close at hand, by which time the progressive but momentary chaos had reached me. My steed snapped her bridle and galloped off. I lost my hat, endured a few smart cuts from small substances driven with violence against me, and then all was calm and peaceful as before. The re mainder of my journey home was in the wake of the aerial demon, which had done no mischief beyond impairing the symmetry of several gum-trees, but, on the other hand, had ingratiated himself with the thrifty housewives by providing abundance of firewood without the inter vention of axe or saw. At my own door lay an enormous and sound branch of a gum-tree which had the appearance of having been twisted off. On leaving England I anticipated wit nessing tempest in more terrific forms than it assumes here ; but, although I have seen thunderstorms in all parts of this colony, amid the hills and on the plains, I have never, either recently or in the olden time of the colony, witnessed one to equal in sublimity some which many years ago I beheld in England. The calm beauties of moonlight and starlight our sky is eminently fitted to exhibit, being generally quite transparent, although occasionally it is more obscured than it formerly was by vapour. I used fre quently to see lunar rainbows, both single and double, some of them possessing great beauty. I have not witnessed any lately, perhaps because I was not looking for them. \'a0 Methodist New Connexion Sunday-School. \'97 Anniversary services, connected with the Methodist New Connexion Sunday School, were conducted oa Sunday, April 14, in the morning by the Rev. O. Copland, and in the ZIT? h! thJ Rev' M- J- Birks- ^e children manner \'b0f fcymDS 'm a **** \'ab\'abKt_ble\cell \lastrow\row
}