"An Australian Bush Track." 

 [COPYRIGHT.] 

 BY J. D. HENNESSEY, 

 Author of "The Dis-Honorable," "Wynnum White's Wickedness," &c. 

 CHAPTER XXV. A MOUNTAIN STORM. 

 Holdfast's story was followed by an ex- amination of the offering. The gold was in fair sized nuggets, and among the diamonds, were some large and very valuable gems. 'By George !' exclaimed Hartley at last, 'this discovery of ours will revolutionise the continent of Australia. There will be a fall in diamonds, and not another word about the appreciation of gold ! We'll every one of us be jolly old millionaires ; but the worst of it is, 

 it is spread over such a great tract of country. You'll have fifty thousand people around here within the next year or so, and no chance now of hitting upon what will be the site of the township.' It is wonderful how bright and fanciful the visions of the future become, to men with newly found mineral treasures, sparkling in their hands by the light of a bush fire. The rain had cleared off again, and the stars shone brightly and coldly down upon them. They had made themselves comfort- able in bushman fashion, and the bright glow of the great tree trunks cast both light and heat. The men were too excited to sleep. Hartley handled the gold and esti- mated it weight and value, and gave Hold- fast the details of his Desert Tunnel Gold Mining Company scheme. They forgot the dangers of the return journey, and for the time, the fact that it was impossible for them to carry more than a very small portion of the gold with them across the desert. Holdfast was the first to think of this, and he suggested that they should take the diamonds, and bury the gold at the foot of the rock. 'No,' said Hartley, 'it's down hill ; we must manage somehow to get it all as far as the cave ; it's not more than three miles.' After a few hours sleep, and some break- fast, they started and laboriously made their way downwards, each one carrying between fifty and sixty pounds weight of gold and diamonds, in addition to their rifles and swags. It was nearly midday when they reached the cave, Hartley being the first to enter. He dropped his burden and swag at the entrance, however, in evident alarm and astonishment. Upon the hearth where they had made their fire, there were still smouldering embers! Turning around he pointed to the fire and ejaculated, ' They have followed us !' It was evident that he referred to Stone- ham and his companion. Holdfast, however, had grasped his rifle, and having deposited his burden safely within the cave, was examining the tracks. 'It's not Stoneham,' he exclaimed, 'there are naked feet marks all over the place, and they are feet which never wore boots. The cave has been visited by some of the natives, probably blacks about whom I heard from the people of Zoo Zoo.' While Hartley and Sir Charles prepared a meal of roasted wallaroo, Holdfast went out to reconnoitre, and came back with the news that there were traces of a considerable num- ber of blacks in the neighborhood, but by their trail they had seemingly made their way lower down the mountains. 'From what I heard of them from that old Scotchman, the Honorable Keeper, of the Snake, they are a low treacherous lot,' said Holdfast. 'I am afraid that we shall have trouble with them,' said Sir Charles, doubtfully. 'How would it be to camp here for two or three days and give them time to clear right out of this part of the country ?' suggested 

 Hartley. 'No doubt they think that we have all gone on to Zoo-Zoo,' said Sir Charles. 'By the way,' he added, 'they have helped them- selves pretty liberally to our store of dried meat.' 'It's a wonder to me that they did not take it all,' said Holdfast. They felt ill at ease, however, for they had now to count with these blacks, as well as Stoneham, and the ordinary perils of the re- turn journey across the desert. 'I am afraid that that desert tunnel scheme of yours, Hartley, is a long way off yet,' said Holdfast. 'We may have some trouble,' replied Hartley, 'but that little affair is going to be pulled through, or I am mistaken in my luck.' The rain seemed to have set in again, and from the leaden sky the downpour was steady and continuous. High winds occasionally whistled and moaned in weird and melancholy fashion through the mountain passes, and the three adventurers began to feel decidedly damp and depressed in spirits. One good thing for them was that the cave proved fairly water tight, and they were able to keep up a fire both day and night, for the weather was cold and uncomfortable. Fortu- nately for them firewood was plentiful. 'By the quantity of fallen timber about, there must at times be violent gales here,' said Hartley. Holdfast had just entered and caught the remark, which had been addressed to Sir Charles. 'Step out to the entrance and you will see something coming that makes fallen timber in these parts,' he ejaculated hurriedly. Hartley and Sir Charles hurried to the entrance of the cave with him. They had no need to follow the motion of his hand, for in the distance, over the mountain pauses they saw a storm approaching, which stilled their tongues, with awe and amazement. The rain had partially cleared off from the eastward, and the scenery around them was full of solemn grandness. The great mountain peaks to the west were already partially en- veloped by the grim blackness of the approach- ing tempest. Everything was hushed and the sublimity and awfulness of the scene affected Sir Charles in a most singular manner. His face was pallid. 'We are safe enough here,' said Hartley to him, reassuringly. 'I am not afraid of the storm,' replied the baronet. 'You don't understand me. It is the stupendous majesty of nature that appalls me.' (To be Continued.)