CHAPTER IL inefct is, I was occupied with another lady at the time, and a very different being. I hi net her but once, and now or meeting ispvezl was this: I had left Court srier: than muaL! on the previous day, and ony y way westward happened to turn into St Pe's Cathedral, whose laterior I had r:: seen for many years: being a London ='f, o1 course I knew little or nothing of mi p iczpal "lions," which are found no tnrsztive to foreigners and proincials. eo?e was no servioe being performed, and Ir cwntemplating the monument to Well gn, hich I had never before seen, when : pr.on in question approached. She rns zompanied by an elderly lady. But rv?r mind the elderly lady; I asw only mresc. She passed me; and as she moved bWre my gazs I was irresistibly reminded Cd Borke's description cf '" the Q een of LotFr, :ben the Dauphiness, st Tereiles ;" and I thought that there had " never lighted co thi orb, which she scarcely seemod to touch, a more delightful viion." Ltvar the has dese-ibed her eyes, in those of the Datphine', by comparing them to the skies cf the North and the waters of the Danbe ; and Heilrich Heine pictured them even bett.e, when he wrote of ' that deep eternal be which is never seen in animated beings, sad very seldom in flowers " Tose were tie e: of the lady whose prtesnce graced tie iro?deor of the cathedral. Her hair Was co:eur like yellow sonds, and muted 6abt her head In waving clusters. Her futtres wereEmalland delicate.nd eopreszed by a sooeson of proud yet soft curves. HEr presence recalled to me at once a line of Ea.z, hi· h has been rendered into Englsh "ore stately than the cypres, and for fairer than the pearl ;" r0a its chief charm was in its floatinr, oun ac=r,.ts grace. She gave me the ge=eral ide cof a sw*n, as she swam, rather than Sted, pu?t the sculptured glories, eug;est 1. r.Joty b-nks on either side, rather thbn c~d stone and marble, and willows touc?:ng the waters. I t--red instinctively when she had uLad, sad saw teat s e had dropped her hc.re I quickly captured the prize; i; s, warmn from her hand, whbse deliat-. -= it retainoed. I hesitated a momen: stred I keep it! An inatinct, sot alto L~-etr se-ociated with the restitution of ttea=re.i rove, impelled me to a right oaorse o!f rtrc I hurried back, returned the losti m rty, and received my reward. It Wu contained only in a smile, and the orte, "Thank you very much," b=t it e~ae me rich fr the time; and I was still rer,licg in my opulence os I walked about the Gcil.hall on the following morning. It was little more than a farce, my rear attentdanoe in Court; for trie's Wore rare birds with me in common with hndreds of ohers who steadily porsoe the prfession. On circuit a little " omu" ca~o t ooaiicza? to my share; but in Lo dot, to e frank, I seldom got any buni?ne, nenpt in the form of briefs held for others, end thee. I need scaroely say, are act ae czaoiead by aees. Z0 opportunity now, however, curred tottoinish myelf. I was junior in the case which was pre'ently coi= g oen, and my lder. lr Spiderley, Q C., came to me while I as lingearing in the hall, and :ode the s -monPme0nt that a prior retainer woald Cmdpel his attendance elsewhere, and that be o.:s leave the case etirely in my hands? It wa the defence of an action for brech t promise of marriage-very simple, as pi~erly remarked; but he did not add, as he had dote previously in co?multation, that hws iosEt a forlotrn hope for our olient, rA as not diffcelt simply because there ± itti : 0r0 omaterial on our side to Make a cue of the plafntti, on the other -was urze ported by evidence of a diret ee:ary character; and to mooset this e1~-d th?,g hbt n assertion on the part - the dt'e:dart that could carcely be e. te:c ctarry much weight. I was just 8 ·ha tf r-unate fellow pidAerley as to engaged elsewhare on that patti. t'. rr-i;, when I was joined by the 'ttorney from whom I had received my eastrnoctions. Mr Ferrett (of the wel.knnwn firm of Parrett and Weasel, 795, Palmerston'. buildings. Bishopagste-tre; north-west by vest taircase third fl-o) was an old pro essional aequalotanoe of mlne. He was, also, a little, rosy, frank-mannered man, who made a point of taking a cheerful and sanguine viw of whatever business he had a hand. He asl possibly disappointed at she retreat of Spiderley. of which he had just heard; but he made no indelicate nanifestatirn to that eft~ct. On the cor. trary, he expressed himself very glad to find that the caet had been left in my hands; sad then he ask-d-with a little appraranoe anxiety-what I thought I euld do with The quertion was not easy to answer-In a satisfactory manner. But facts were not to be Ignored; and I frankly stated my im pression that we were not strong enough to demodeh the position of the other side, sup posing it to be as declared. "Tere is only one chance," I added: 'If our client is a very pretty girl, and we ias make an interesting exhibition of her in court, something may be done, if only in mitigation of damages, which, by the way, are laid at a preposterou sum. ' Ten thousand pounds was the modest amount claimed by the disappointed swain n compensation f r the loss of the lady's hand. A very complimentary estimate, as It seemed to me, taking, of course, only an Sstract view of my client. "It is a high figure," replied Mr Perrett ; "I have never known so high a figure before to a case of the kind; but the young l?y, ?s I have just learned from personal enquiry, will inherit a fortune of almost that amonnt per annum upen coming o' age. This was a very awkward fact. In th interest of my client, I should have preferred that she had been as poor as a church mouse. If she were only a humble dependent reducas .0 go out as a governess orin some *retched postion of the kind-a olever counsel like myself might have done something for her; but how could one expect a jury to render common justice to a great hearess ? . "'Ys, we are weak toere," said Mr Ferrett, mnuingly, and quite aware of what was passing through my mind; "but as regards the other point, it is in our favor ; hes is a very handsome young lady. and wi , bh certain to take with the court; aod, as von have seen, we mout put her In the box, f-r there is no other wsnmes. I came to tel you, by the way, that the d= fendant desires an in: ervie r with her connsel before the case S:mes on. I said you would see her here; hall I bring her present y ?" I assented, not une ling t> hear a litte n.os of the case, now than I was responsibl. for its conduct; and in a few minutes iMr F-rrett re-appeared, aoompanied by two lsdles. One was middle-aged; tall and imposing so appearance; handsome, aquiline and aristocratic. In her aray of black velvet sad black lace, she looked the ideal of a dowager dohess. The other war quite young. I dare not ia the oause of aoouraoj say how she was I eased; but I know this: her hair wa lite yellow sands; her eyes were comparable onuy to the skies of the north and the waters of the Dinnbe; her features were expressed by a succession of proud yet soft coures; her movements were those of a swan-or, if she seemed to move upon the earth, at was with the walk by which the SQueen of Love is known." Here in the Gundhall, under the shadow of that pair or illustrious brothers whom they call Gog and cageg, my magination irresistibly picured er progressing between grassy banks with w llows weeping into the waters. Need I say that it was the lady of the Cathedral I had been too long at the bar to blush; ire or six years of the profeselon saves one from that kind of display. But I must have looked most unprofeaaionally oonfuse r, for I saw Mr Ferrett regarding me with an air of surprise. However, he introduoed me In due form: Lady Lorraine, Miss Lorraine - Mr. Pendragon." The elder lady gave me a cold bualness bow; the younger one bent her swanhneot with a more graoonus inclination, and I thought, from an involuntary glance, that she remembered our meeting on the previous day. I felt more unprofessional than ever, but tried not to Icck so, as I listened to her explanation of the main points of her case. -1