Chapter III. ? Ruth lived, as she had told Raymond Hamil ton,- with her cousin, Miss Morpeth, the only relative known to her in the world. Years ago Miss Morpeth had come out from England, where all the tragedy, if tragedy there had been, at any rate all that, made life for her, had been enacted. ? ' '.?'?:?' ','??' Some wave of fate or circumstance had swept . her to Tasmania, another onwards to the small island town of Deepdean. She had come out possessed with but one iden, that her cousin, Mrs. Gowor, to whom, as a girl, she had been pas.sionatoly attached, was dead, and that it was her duty to seek out and look after the little daughter that Mrs. Go.wer had left behind her. With such witas remained - to her upon landing' in Tasmania,- she sought out and took possession of this child, who. had been placed by charity at a oheap boarding school, ? where she was, wretohed, and settled down-in Deepdoan. But all this had happened : a great ? many years ago. Ruth had passed from childhood to girl hood, from girlhood to womanhood, and now it 'seemed as if tho mere process of living would go ?on indefinitely.- ' : There was nothing to mark the flight of time. Both Ruth and her cousin had lost count of years. They had neither fast days nor ? fostivals, no celebrations of any kind. They ? had only the slenderest intercourse with the outer world, and that chiefly the necessary dealings with tradespeople. The small beginnings of courtesies with the different families of standing around Deepdean had long ago ceased. One evening, Raymond Hamilton, .walking home with Ruth, said in a voice in which he managed to convey the impression that his poul was burdened with the thought of what ho spoke, 'That it would be another whole week before fate would allow him to walk home with her again. His affairs in Hobart would ocoupy him at least a week. ? It would be a very long week to him,' he looked at Ruth linireringly, and with so much meaning in his eyes that the color deepened instantly in her cheeks. 'But 'when he returned, then — then,' he repeated with a triumphant smile and gesture of his hand as though to say, ' it would be for Ruth to decide whether or no his real future should open before him.' He held Ruth's hand a littlo lotiger at part ing ; looked into her eyes with a moro unfathom able look than ever, and spoke vaguely of his dreams. Perhaps at the time he meant at least as much as he said. There was always an atmosphere of indefinitoness about him. He was of duoh an ephemeral nature that he could well mean one thing at one hour and forget all about it the next. On the afternoon that Mr. Hamilton had said he .would be back Ruth felt the same desire to attire herself in her best and look her sweotest us any haupy woman waiting for her betrothed lover. Yet Mr. Hamilton was not Ruth's' lover at all, in the sense that he had asked for her love ; and still less had he defini tely said that he loved her. But it had all been in the atmosphere. There had been Hiioh an air of tender devotcdness, of such graoeful courtosy, in his treatment of her. He had talked vaguely of his past aa though something ire this present with her had helped to condone it. He had talked of his future as though her influence should help to make the life that some 'other influence had marred. There had been no declaration of love, but he knew well enough that he had contrived to make Ruth feel that it would surely come when the time was ripe for it. And the very indenniteness and grace of all this had appealed in the strongest way to the poetic side of Ruth's nature. The smiles flitted about her lips, the warm color came and went in her cheeks, as she arrayed herself bofore her glass to meet him. 'Should he be thore first, or should she ?' she debated. 'Perhaps, he would come to meet her ;' and with this thought she lin gered on the road ; but no, he was not on the road; he meant that sho should keep her com pact, and meet him in the dell. But when she reached the dell, and he was not there, a feeling of desolation suddenly took possession of hor. Then sho rallied herself. ' Something had happened to detain him — she would wait.' Sho waited until tho long shadows of the trees grew longer — until they faded altogether. The light went out of her heart, as if it woro out of a landscape. Then through the kindly dust, that veilod the white weariness of her faco from any ourious passer by in tho main road, sho took her heavy way homo wards. If Ruth had boon endowed with the clair yoyant'd ;gift;tp, 'see .'what was going on at a distance, it would havo shown hor Raymond Hamilton, through all tho hours. of the lovely', afternoon that she waited to meet him, sitting . In. tho .pleasurb.Rnrdens at Government House, bonding over his fair companion^ and talking to her with muoh the same air and expression with whioh. ho had talked to Ruth herself a week ago. . . , ,_....,,. , .. '-'? If ft would have done nothing else, it would at least have shown her how useless were the tears with whioh she damped her pillow through the night. : f And yor hope could not die like this all at onoe. With the morning again, came the thought. 'He has been detainod ; he will bo hero to-day.' And so sho attired herself again ; but this time with more nervousness as .to the result, than with the delight of anticipation of the day before. But her did not come, although she waited ?untirtho sun had gone down, and left the 'mountain before hor a mast) of purple gloom. ; And day after day, for nino long days she waited, and hedid not come. And still site Had no insight into his heart to see that his butterfly nature was for the time being utterly ongrossed with his now object, and that she was quite for gotten. . i At last the truth struok coldly and clearly on her heart, that ho did not moan to corrio any ? more. -Day after day she had dressed herself in the pretty pale frook, with its delicate lace frills, waiting for the expected guest. But to-day, she folded and put it away with that quietude of manner which whioh' is sometimes more pathetic than tears. She stood looking down at the frock, resting her hands, upon the open drawer for some minuton, 'All, well,' she said at last, in a desolate low voice, that sounded unlike her own, 'You were not in keeping with my life. ' You had had no thing to do with mo — how could I think it|?' Then presently she brought the portrait of herself that Raymond Hamilton had beautifully .finished for her, laid it with the frock, ? then looked the drawer and put the key away. Clearly everything was over. ' * Yet she could not keen still — despair was not yet final — she was only in the state of feverish prelude to it. She grew thin and wan, but her eyes had that look of wistful expectanoy which in not despair's final expression. I Then one morning her eyes were, caught by a paragraph in the little newspaper which Deep dean published thrico a week. Tho paragraph was taken from one of the Hobart papors. 'Some of our season's guests,' it ran, ' aro leaving us early. Sir George and .Lady Mori vole, with their friend Mr. Raymond 'Hamilton, the distinguished artist, took their departure yester day for Melbourne, whence they prooeed by the mail steamer to England. They expressed them selves delighted with tho scenery, and the latter taken with him many charming' sketolies as mementoes of his visit.' In tho shipping intelli gence were their names in the list of one of tho steamei'3 that had left the day before for Melbourne. - , ! For a while Ruth sat utterly silent. Then in a blind, helpless way, she reached for her hat, and went out of the house. To get away! into the heart of Nature — that was the one desire she had. r Sometimes sho sat still, staring at nothing; but with every sense thrilling. Sometimes she wandered about, not knowing where she wan dered, until night began to fall, and Sarah, the house maid, came out looking for her. For even Sarah had felt lately that there was something very wrong with Miss Ruth, and had begun to fear that she would never come back again.- But with the instinct of the wounded animal whioh always, tries to return to its home, Ruth crept back to the only shelter she knew. Christmas was now fasb drawing near. It had never meant anything to Rutb. She had been alike shut out from tho church's festivals and from home rejoioings. But, somehow, this year a hope had dawned in her heart that it would be different— it was different. She had other things to bear. The inquiring looks of the people who passed her in the street. She knew by in tuition that they talked of her pityingly. On Christmas eve. Ruth sat at her bedroom window listening — but unconscious that she listened— to the church bells. The lilies, in their white purity, where standing in the garden bed beneath her window ; the honeysuckle twin ^ing around it shed its sweet incehse.in the even ing air. ' A feeling of ineffable peacofulness had fallen upon the land ; tho glow of tho sunset still lingered in garden and field. | An open Testament was lying upon' the window sill — perhaps Sarah had put it there pn purpose. Ruth had looked at it in a motiveless way when she first oat down ; now her eyes fell upon it again, and sho began aimlessly to read. The page was open at the description of the agony of Jesus at Gothsomano ; and as Ruth read on theie came into her* soul something of the meaning of those words of His, ' My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death.' Presently her tears began to fall — she was in a Bubdued and receptive mood. She bogan to seo now that in the larger or the lesser cause it was the lot of yomo to suffer. This suffering in great souls turned to good for others— oould - hers turn to good for nono? She pondered these things for Home days, now gaining, now losing strongth. ' In the first week of the Now Year she felt impelled to pay a visit to hor old friend and their former servant, Mrs. Ellis. Sarah' had told her that morning that one of the ohildron was very ill, and Ruth felt that she had rather neglected, her of late. | After . an ? hour's journey in the afternoon coaoh, and almost an hour's- walk norosa fields and through lanes Ruth came to tho little farm. Sho felt strangely weak and tired— the mental trouble she had gono through had told visibly upon her health. Mrs. Ellis, coming, jwith furrowed, careworn face to tho door, at tho sound of footsteps, and with a sick baby in her arms, was shocked at tho strange look in hor. ', 'Oh, MissRuth, dear,' shecriod, startled in her surprise, ' whatovor's been the matter with you, and how thin you've got !' Thon her yoico changed with a now alarm. ' I'm sorry you've come. Miss Ruth. I don't know whothor its safe for you to como in. Willie waB awful bad all day yesterday, and to-day the doctor says its gonrlet fever ; and it's too late for you to go back, dear— whatovor shall wo do ?' . - . .The weather for. the past few days had boon very'sultry. At this moment, as tho sun was sotting, tho sky was filled with heavy' crimson clouds, and the air was dense with the smoke of bush fires in the district. Deepdean, far from ?perfect in its. sanitary,.. arrangements,, was just now being visited with an epidemic of fever which was causing great alarm, many ? people jbeing already down with it J Ruth smiled gentry. A new view seemed to (be dawning upon her. Had she really oome to the yery place where her work was waiting for her ? : '' '? -- 'You can't turn me away, Martha, dear — not at this time of night, and if you did I would not go. Let me nurse Willie? I want something to do. I have been very unhappy, and work will be the best thing to cure me.' :. And before Mrs. Ellis could stop her she had passed through' the little house, every inch of whioh she knew, had reached the children's room, knelt beBide Willie's litte cot, and had kissed his fevered oheek. For Willie, the little boy next to the baby, was her favorite. ... ' Mrs. Ellis, following as she could, pulled her feebly away with one hand, while she hold the crying baby with the other. The poor woman burst into tears, for she was utterly spent ' Oh, Miss Kuth, Miaa Ruth ! ' she called out, V you'll catch your death. Oome away, dear ; do come ! ' , . * ? 'Never mind me, Martha,' Ruth replied in a low voice. ' I'm not afraid. I never catch any thing, you know. Willie will soon get well. Do let me nurse- him, for my own sake. Nothing can hurt me now. ' ? Something in her voico made Mrs. Ellis feel awed, for Ruth, in her weak condition of body and strained state of mind, felt as though earthly fear and 'earthly interest for horself had completely passed away. There was. something almost of ecstatic peace and triumph in her soul at the moment, and all this looked out from her eyes. v In a month from this time Ruth's story was ended. Death, the most blessed gift that fate could at this junoture of her life have given - her, had set her. free. '':''..?'. ?' Yet though certainly she died, of fever,' caught in nursing little Willie Ellis, yet her hold on life before that was so frail that it needed but very little to dissever it altogether. . ' ' It was on the evening of the day that the ? doctor hod said that all danger was over for the' ?? little boy that Ruth said, 'Martha, when I get well I am going to take to nursing; it is the one tiling that I feel sure I can do. I will go down to the hospital in town and get trained. I must have work to do. Only you must let me stay with'you until I am strong, and then you must help me to do what I want ' { '. Yes, dear,' said Mrs. Ellis, just to pacify her,' but with a sick foreboding at her heart that her dear Miss Ruth would never be strong' again. .And now Mrs. Ellis fondly hoped that Ruth was lying on the bed where she had put her to rest.-'- -But Ruth, moved by an irresistible desire to look upon the fields, had risen and feebly made her way to the door. ; Her hands were loosely clasped in front of her ; her blue eyes, now larger than ever, had a pandering look in them. The fever was already affecting her brain, and working in her blood. Iiia little while her past life and her. present seemed to merge in one confused dream. '.All those long Hummers she had passed. How many were they ? Ruth did not know, and it did not matter now. The wonderful dawns Bhe had watched from her window, the swoet dewy mornings, the rich heat of noon, the slumbrous sweetness of the afternoon, the cool refreshing evenings, the lovely summer nights, summer after Bummer, and through them all such an aching sense of loneliness, such a haunting sense of something to make them complete. 'Then came the face of Raymond Hamilton. He semed to pass her with a graoioua smile. Who was he ; and what did he want? Ruth did not seem to understand. Then another face strangely like her own seemed to flit before her. She felt a sort of pity for this wan face, so like her own because of the wistful look in the blue eyes. But still it did not seem muoh to matter. Then the earth seemed to swell up and meet the clouds, out of which looked un known faces, and hands were stretched out to lier. And Ruth knew no more ; for Mrs. Ellis came and put her arms around her, and led her baok to bed, from whioh she was never to rise again. 5 But why are these cruelly sensitive souls born to face experiences that are too strong for them? There seems to be no real answer to this Question. The strong may feel contempt for their weakness.. The gentle may pity ; the - commonplace make it a subject for gossip. The philosopher explain it by the lawn of heredity, aVid- the grasp of circumstance — but that is all. ;. In Ruth's case none was directly to blame. She had no knowledge ,of the world to teaoh. her how to act when' facing a new experience. She had no large outlook of life to help her ' surmount the pain of tho present by trust in the future. That glimpse of hers of the truth, ?jjjthat by working for /others we are best enabled to bear tour own suffering,' came top late to be put to the test. ??;. ? ?' ' ., * The End. . . ' I ' =========???.. ?;? i The statement -is made that the Public TruBt Commissioners in New Zealand persist in demanding £10' each per diem for their services, or £750 per man in all, wh'ioh, with the cost of reporting, printing, &o., makes up a grand (and appalling) total of £5250. It is reported that the Government, after long and earnest negotia tions, hare succeeded in beating down the com missioners' demands by ono;thir-l, viz.. to £500 each, and that a speoinl not will bo introduced io legalise a payment which could not otherwise bo mode, as all tliroo comjnissioners are pre cluded from accepting it, Maodonald being a member of Parliament, and the other two by 12 months not having elapsed sinoo they wero members of the House. Ic is believed, how ever, that the labor members of the Ministeria party will not agree to pass a bill giving suoh large payment . to the commissioners, and it is thought that no larger sum than £250 eaoh will be pawed by the Houwi ' ' '