" CHRISTMAS SKsETCH: The Fe i thoe True. (BY J. 'M. BARE.) CHAPTER I;-TIE PROSPECTORS' CAMP. Tox lay sick almost unto death with that terrible miladiy, colonial fever, which ke'med: to hIvc . iirnid up the streueth rand vitality of Jlhait !I;id )ef;c.n N.w, thl, lonig limis i4y it?.rt .ind powerles.-, the incet mi.ts.ive frime wass painfully emaciated, and ihe atrength less fingers, like birds' claws, moved restlessly upon the tlinu blanket, hi.s only covering. The beads of clanmy perspiration stood upan his brow .and the former light brown curls lay damp and limp, unkempt and uncared for. His mate Ralph entered the tent bearing a pannican with some Kangaroo soup, and roused him from a dreamy doze. " Wakeup, old fellow, and take thib. It will strengthen yun before I leave, I want to ride down to the township and get some medicine for you, as well as a few stores, for we are nearly out and as you are not able tobe moved just yet we must get some tucker fir Christmas. Cheer up Tom ! It will be evening before I can be back, but Rover will keep you company." .. , ' The sick inan ti'ied to raise himself, and a faint lb??kf animation gleamed in " Oh Ralpnh'Do call od se'if liere: are any letters for me, I sent my pour old mother my last address and asked her to write. It may be she has done so. Don't fail now; matey, fur I itm awfully anxious and it may be the last I shall ever read from her. I want you to go, although it will be something dreadful to lie here in this little tent all day with the fierce heat and closeness of the weather. There is thunder about I am sure." After a pause lie added, faintly, " I am an awful trouble to you, and if I have not seemed to hit it with you just as I would have liked, pray for give me now before you leave." The other hastily rose to take the hand wearily held out to him, but a deep growl came . fromn under the stretcher, warning him to keep his dis tance. " You hear that1 Neither Rover or yourself have had that confidence in me which there ought to be between mates of six months' standing, but never mind old fellow, I forgive you. Dare say you can't help it. Well ta to, I am off. Twenty miles ride on a hot day like this is no joke. I'll see about the letters, and there's a billy ofwater handy for you to reach." So, mounting his horse he rode away, muttering to him self: "Yes, if you knew me as well as I know you, you'd have less coi.fidence than ever. However, you're not likely to last much longer, and I have your pocket-book and papers. Pali! You'll never need them, and they will be of great service to me." Meanwhile, "poor Tom's hand hung down, and the faithful collie dog Rover ciawled out and licked the wa-ted fingers. In a few minutes the invalid fell into one of those feiered dreams in which the past is brought vividly before the brain, and memory awakens the visionsa. of long agu. He saw himself -onc~ iimore thI only son of his honored parents-the heir of Iis rahler proud, but just father, and the idol of his tender mother, the athletic leader of the sports at the public school, the joy'ul feast on his comnng of age, the sweet love of the brightest ,ind bert. girl of the county, and their affeek'in. s iiii upon by the paielts on both idels. Oh, wtUat. happiness to recall those blisdul scenes, and as lie slept. the thin wasted lips wreathed into smiles of pure j)y and rapture. Then the cloud, dark and threatening, fell in blackness over the scenei: that fearful and dihionorig charge against him-his utter ignorance of it and inability to prove hia innocence -his fithler's wrathful reforal to permit investigation - in vain his munter's pleadings-his spirit roused and his indignant denial doubted, and tlthe : harsh words and bitter rejoinders-utntil he wats cast out as unworthy to be called the ron of an honorable family. Mad in righteous anger, lie lad turned his back on his Ihome, with the father's words ringing in lis ears-"XNo son of mine. Go dishonored, go. " The parting with liis mother-" I believe in your truth, Tom. Wait, God will prove the right." The farewell- of his sweetheart-" God bless you Tom, I will never doubt you.' They will not allow me to marry you now, but I will never mar!y any other while I live. You will be cleared yet." Then passed like a vision as in a moment the five years at the Australian diggings, the search and gain of gold-the new mate. --the .lprospecting tour, and then lihe awoke to murmur piteously, " And this is the end of it, dying far from friends and home, dying alone, deserted by all, save my poor faithful dcg." Then he thought.how his heart yearning .for his mother and lover, he had enclosed letters ' ea^ch )dtii - eo ver^ tou thasramily. lawyer;aiid h?adlearned firo hin' thmat a it'washis fatlier's intention to leave the estate to an Irish nephew of Ihis that Tom had never met, but.who appeared on the scene immediately-after he had fled to Australia. How he had received one such sweet reply from each of the dear onies reiterating their love,: and. confidence, and then came a 1ong lapse of two years, with not a word from liiome or friends. Can it be wondered that the once strong man wept as he prayed -for blessings upon those dear heads he might never see again. 'CHAPTER II.-THE DESERTION. ,T he day was close and sultry;. the ·· L. .. sun hung like a huge ball of red-hot copper in the `lurid sky; the moun tains loomed vast and indistinct through the haze-like, thin, blue smoke which hung over the face of the land; not a leaf quivered on the trees, not a bird twittered in the bushes; all that seemed alive were the quick-glancing Srlizards, or the gliding snake, as it swept its folds across the dust.. But e lialph, as he urged on his horse, had no eye to see, or ear to.listeln ;-he was hbroodiss -- tiiikiln? over a glreat 'wr"i:?Lt. a crueT. Imnslroius injustice. i iicit grew stronger and more fully developed as he rode along. That Sthought had sprung up in his mind a year ago, and had become an abiding I presence with him ever since-the { thought of Cain, the murderer. He had brooded over it until it had I mastered him in its might, and a thousand opportunities had been given in that close companionship of six months to have turned the thought into the deed. .Yet he had hesitated, and now he congratulated himself that the illness of his mate would save him from all need for crime. He had only to wait and let him die-it was better so. What had he to fear from the dis inherited outcast, save that the father's pride would give way at last, and the mother's unfailing love conquer in the enrl And, therefore, it was a stroke of *diplomacy on his part when he . volunteered to his aunt secretly to go out to Australia and find . out how the- east, off bon did'fare, while he was supposed t had found this cousin, .who'kiesi~ hitiiii' not: had wormed out his secrets, and now was going for his letters, which should decide the future course. As he rode, the gloom grew more oppres sive, but he knew it not. Arrived at the rural township store and post-office combined, a packet was handed to him, with the address, Thomas Wentworth Warren, Esq., and bearing the Melbourne post-mark. He hastened to the quietest corner of the hotel bar, and while his horse was being attended to, opened the packet and read. It was from the firm of Ward and Safe, solicitors, and re quested their respected client to come a down to their office at once, as they were instructed by their London agents to inform him that matters of import ance to his personal interest and ad- 9 vantage required immediate attention. They also enclosed a bank draft and a letter from England, which he also read, and gnashed his teeth as he did' so. It was from Tom's mother, full of the outpourings of maternal love, but to the reader the most important words were these-" Do not delay; come at once; your father is failing, and thinks (though as yet he will not say so) that he was too harsh with you. Be sides he has heard something-I know not what as yet-which causes him to have doubts about your cousin loubert. e Have you not met him yet? Iie promised to search for you and bring i you back with him as a brother would i do. His last letter said lie was still searching for you. I enclose a photo. b of him, so that Sou may know him t should you meet." As he read, a look of black feracity c settled on his otherwise handsome face, as he muttered, "So you doubt me; lie never willinow." Then lie read again: " Since I last wrote, your poors girl has lost both her parents at a stroke, and has gone out with her uncle, Meajor Camlp bell to Victoria, the unire of ?he place I cunniot. tell, but the'olhcitrs ern eaily: telol Coll tM isl.ou tre, as they act ier iij ini'. C0.- , at* . I Oince ,y ts o- Otl hs yo;u rceive tuis ltter." I " so," he said, with as deep, black b frown on his lbrelead, and his eyes con- h tracted with hate, " This hurries n imat tess. If lie had only received this I letter it would have been all up with iue, exposed and disgracs-d. Fortune is h with mue, however, I will not return for 'I a day or two, but will ride to Beech \\corth and cash the order, money is alays handy. But to mlake nmatters b sure I must have proof of his death to satisfy the lawye-s and Ily kind uncle I1 and aunt. Well, I can leave word with h the shepherd or stockman about the poor ti fellow dyitng in his tent alone while I [ ride off for a doctor to Beechworlh. Of n course we will be all too late. I[can i then go to towin at once and hey i lir I home, money and beauty. I will soon find out Iis lady-love and it will go hard i if I canot persuade lier and her uncle 1 tos, to let her returns to England with Accosting the landlord in an open, eager mannerhe asked : " Is there any mnedical main aboust herel" " None niearer than Beechworth : Any one ill ?i" ' Yes! I have a friend sick in thea bush and mustget a doctor. How far to Beclhwortob." i Sixteen mniles, and a bad. road tsoo" Youwill scarce go thlsre to niglht. :in sure the bisli is oni fire between hereaud t here;,?;But il;you:;,will go, ther, ia a ti-k'kto idh left,:abit. six mle~~s on, that.takes you to a shelpherd's hut: on the creek. You'dl better make for there, and he will show you the way. The station is alout two miles further." The horse was broughlt out and lie dashed away into the deepening gloom, and the smoke thatl hung like a pall. CHAPTER III.1-THE STATION. In a wide and deep verandah which encircled a large and roomy house, there sat a group of ladies overlooking a nice garden well stocked irith fruit trees and flowers. Although the latter were drooping in the dull heat, the t cherries gleamed like coral on the - branches, the currants shone white and black in clusters, and the scent of straw berries mingled with the perfume of honeysuckle and roses. '" I do not know, aunt, how. you can t stand such a climate as this. I am completely melting," said the youngest and most beautiful of the three. "I am sure if I had known' of such .%eather I would have hesitated before leaving England with uncle. And by the-bye. where is he on such a day as this?"' fhe elder lady replied to the last question first: " The major has ridden out to visit the shepherds. He said this morning we were likely to have bush. fires, about, and Sam has gone with him to carry fresh provisions to the outstations. The waggol will not come back empty for the major gener ally shoots a kangaroo or something to bring home. But we do not have such weather all the-time, even in the midst of summer, Daisy, so you must not be too hard upon our climate after the dismal rain and cold we experienced when at home. But see, the heat has not been great enough to prevent Dr Parker from riding over from Beech worth. Doubtless he will spend the Christmas with us, and the attraction is plain; Miss Daisy, you have made the doctor the captive of your spear and bow," laughed the lady. But Daisy replied with a pained expression on her face: •'I hope you are mistaken, aunt, for I respect Dr Parker, and would be very ;pry: he , should. waste-his.: affection where it cannot be returned. T?l-can-ioi speak to him on the subject, but you know that I am pledged to Tom Warren, for good or ill, so long as we both shall live, and if you think there is any occasion I wish you would let the doctor know, in your own quiet I way. I am now free to act as my own· mistress, and the principal cause of my coming to Victoria was to try to find poor Tom, to let him know that the stigma is cleared from his name, as well as to escape from the impor tunities of that evil cousin of his, who, I like Jacob, tried to rob him of his birthright." In a short time the guest had arrived, I and received ahearty welcome, although he appeared rather disappointed at the e tinge of reserve which mingled with the I greeting of Daisy. After some refresh ment the conversation turned upon t the weather, and the doctor informed the ladies that from the heights he had I crossed he had seen the gleam and smoke of a large bush fire in the Black Range, in which direction the major and his man had gone, but as he was t a good bushman and well mounted no I anxiety was felt. -f CHAPTER IV.--TITE BUSH FIRE. Alone in the small tent, the heat was t awful to the poor fever-stricken man. As the afternoon came on he had exhausted the supply of water, and the dog suffered with him, panting with its tongue out, it lay or sat,t looking at its master. The watr-hole was not a mi e off. but the dog rema'ne. by its master's side, there was no deser ti.,n in its faithful heart. On the hills behind the tentt the ominous dark clouds hung deeper and denser, and a hollow, sullen sound, like the distant breakers, could be heard. It came t nearer, and now loud reports, like t infantry firing. mingled with the roar and heavy crashes as the big limbs fell down. A rush of wild animals went past at full speed, as the denizens of the I forest fl-d hefore the destroyer-for the r hu:h was on fire. Flocks of parrots and cockatoos pa-sed sFceaming over head, the wallabies and kangaroo rats leaped away, and the dingo, slouched I behind them. Yet Rover remained by his master while the fiery death drew nearer and yet nearer still. There was no wind as yet to fan the flames, to u send them springing forward fast as a horse could gallop, but it was coming. The heavens were black, and at inter vals, flashes of lightning rent the veil, but no thunder was heard. The heat became beyond endurance, and the I sick man raised his hands towards heaven and cried, "Merciful God, it is t hard to die thus. Let me be resigned to Thy will. Bless Daisy-mother- father," and then nature could bear no more, he sank back unconscious, while Rover lifted up his voice in melancholy howls, as if his heart would break in its agony. Who will say that the despair ing cry of the man, or the inarticu late prayer of the dog, were unheard or unanswered ? Hurridly driving the waggon laden with the spoils of the chase, Sam was I hastening homeward, when the major riding beside him cried suddenly, "Stop ! There's a dog howling. Something's wrong ! Turn to the right and follow me." Dashing through the smoke drift, meeting the shower of sparks, right almost to the face of the flames, rushed the gallant major. Tearing into the tent,-now ignited on the top, he'caught the; seiselessform inhiSstroungvarms: -"'iThldTh~iose!IMIlie roiom for the man. Cov-er him with the rug, and no? drive for your life to the water hole. Good dog i" he cried, as Rover with one bound leaped into the waggon and lay down by his master's side. The spirit flask was put into requisition, and a. slight fluttering of the pul-e followed. "Thank Gol-i. is not dead yet. Pour sone of th ?alter over his head and drive, for li fe oeath h-i?gs on your speed." In just the contrary direction from the station a man is goeding his over done hcr'e along as if pursued by the. furies. The heat and passion com bined appears to have maddened him. He bursts into boarse laughter at times, and drinks from the flask he .carries. The shepherd's hut is reached, and the wondering man- points the way to Beechworth, but pleads with the rider to stop. "The storm.will be .on you in a few minutes. Your horse cannot carry you far, it already trembles beneath you. You had better bide a wee till the stori is over" "m' CdEi the horse and you too. .I'II make him carry me. I must go on--" anid he dashes forward. " . Take dcare of that branch !" shouis the shepherd. " My God! He is down." The animal, gdoded by the spur, had. galloped- beneath an over hanging limb, and Ralph, struck on the forehead, fell.to the eerth. - Justice had )overtaken' him at last, The Fals. M ate. " -. - -. .: .: . ;. i- CHAPTER V.-RErRIBUTION ANIj S - REWARD. Tlibre are.t)Fo patients at Campbell's station on that Christmas morning, when the storm of the night had passed, and the earth, fresh from its bath, sent up a grateful steam. The fires had been quenched by the thunder rain, and the flowers looked up and smiled at the clear blue sky. The windows were open in the cool chamber, where the breakfast was laid, but none were there to partake. In the verandah the major paced restlessly, until the doctor appeared : "Come, Major ! You- are a justice, and I wish you to witness a dying man's deposition. He cannot live f,,r an hour, his consciousness has only re turned for a little while, but cannot last. He is terribly smashed. I opened his pocket book, and found letters and papers addressed to Thomas Wentworth Warren. I think that must be his name.:' "That cannot be," said the major; "Tom Warren is the man I brought home last evening. He was recognised at once by Daisy, who is with him now." Draw the veil over the death chamber, where Robert Warren, the false mate, Ralph gasps out his confession of the wrongs he had done to his cousin, both at home, by the lying accusation made by his tool and slave, a poar fallen girl, and in Victoria, by his reten tion of letters and final desertion of him who was thought to be past recovery. The confession is full and complete before the pale Angel of Death seals up his lips for ever. In another chamber, surrounded by all.the comforts that wealth and affec tioi:'can give;lies--Tom- -Warren; with the hand of Daisy clasped in his. All is explained, the dark shadow removed from his life, his father's letter asking for his forgiveness and return has been read to him, and the love pledges renewed between him and his recovered darling. Joy seldom kills. His countenance is happy and peaceful, the great weight has been lifted from his heart, and his position now is like Paradise when compared with the Inferno from eh:ch he has been snatched. The doctor comes in, and is amazed at the change for the better in this patient. Of the other he simply says, " He is gone, and it is better so." A silence falls upon the group; Daisy's hand is still clasped in that of Tom, and seeing the doctor's look of astonish ment, she sim'ply introduces him : "This is Tom Warren, my affianced husband five years ago. \\e took cach other for good or ill when all seemed against us, and I thank God that I am permitted to try to make up to him for the sorrow and suffering he has had from his false mate." And Tom said, faintly, " I will for give him all; I have now my fither's blessing, my mother's love, and you true and faithful mate once more." The sweet calm of the holy Christmas morning falls like balm upon their h'arts, and the only sound is the tattoo of joy which Rover's tail beats upon the floor. He is happy too. The -" house :s falling," fly for your lives, it will Le a complete w:eck. Nought re tmins but a pitiable riut, who is to blame ? Whe:e is the builder? Let us thnsk : IHere are stronlg pillars of iron, beams of oak, girde s of ce:dar, all seemed built to stand a century, but tllere was one gti-vous tault the place was erected on a weak founda tion. So it is with hluman life, every day you read in the tapers of the sudden death of some prom:nent man, it startles you, you are aghast, for " lie was the picture of health, strong of limb, broad-chested, with ru.idy cheeks, and a fearless nerve," he was cotr.age-us in danger, fullof lile's cares and w:rries, secure in his rugged manhood, until suddeniy there is a collapse and life is extinct. There was na weak spot in his foulndation, and his strength was slowly but surely undermined. Tlhousands of men who read these lines to-day are rapidly approaching that sandest co/llape. There is a steady, insidious drain on tlhe nerve force and vitality of these men, which is slowly but surely-yes, too surely-undermrining and rnfeebling thee ustitu.ion, and laying the seed of some fatal disease. I lie cause may be over work in any direction, coupled wi;h the excitement and strain of this rushing age, or the resul s of early im prudence h.ng sine forgotten. "'As ye sow so shall ye reap " You ate the builder, you may deceive others, but you knuw the truth yourself. You know of your weak ness and the cause thereof. You can accounlt for that growing lassitude, waning strength, lack of energy, loss of vigour, excruciating neuralgia, headaches, and sleepless nights. These are the positive signs of the impairment of your vitality. Before it is too late will you Ily to that vitalizing and healhh-restoring agent that has saved so mnany thlousallis of lives, we ilean Clements Tonic. See the evidence front alt sources of lthe reliability of this great medicine, it is literally praised by e-very. body who hIas used it, and because it merits this pr;se, unlike its many servile imita tions, Clements Tonic reslly cures, imita tions only trade on its repuation. J. M. Macdonald, Esq , Police Jlagistrate, writes February 18. ISg9r, Court lHouse, Boulia (Q.),--Dear Sir-I have great p!easure in testifying to the eflicacy of Clements Tonic in cases of fever so psevalent in this ceuntry. In the early days I was a resident of Queensland Gulf andt Burdekin coitutmry. With most othlersI had th do a great deal of "tougting it" in the dry and wet seasons alike. We suffered much from fever and ague. In Ihsie days Gulf fever carried many a man to his grave. Quinine wras the panuacea in those days, but alfect; d i:iy-:lthead so mch lthat I could not work either in court or outside, conseqcuently the fever gst a greater hold of me. I have fre quently had attacks of chillilicss, followed by heat and profuse pterspiration, leaving me weak, gidly, and depressed, but now 1 find ttat Llements Tonic is quite effectual. and "tliat I can completely ward off the dis-ase by taking this remedy. I con sider Clements Tonic invaluable in this climate, and you may use this letter as you like,- for I tell all my Iriilrtds of thIe value of Clenmeons Tonic br my past exp:rieuces. SJ. M. MIACDONALD, Police MIagistrati. - Clement's Tonic is sold everywhere in half pint bottles at 3s., and point bottles for- 5s Send for medical guide to F. M. Clements, 212 A'Beckett stret,