,:'LOST ?' WON:t'i "?STORY;OF :A STER S LOVE. ":. CIIAPTER V." " The night.hal been hot and oppies ve, and when the residnt? at, Sunnyo sknit' met at breakfaSt inet' morning, ~achlsppenred1 iuffer tong 'frdi lade of Irepior etiAni i °lls tude consequeit thereon. The morning was;close. "toil "tri, 'not i' breath'of Wiiid moved the leaves; the sun shonethrotigh' a' ieddish :haze, and 'lblueish smoky color filled.the air. Thei gentlemen looked ainxiously. at each other, but waitedtill.the meal was over sihen, instead.of.going.backeto the stoie, ?Willie was asked, by Harold, to.go..to the verandah and hiae.n smoke. Mnr. Diumiond.followed, and -s "the soothing weed"was lpuffed -.he old, gcntlcman said to his son :-- . "I see that your are thinking abouit the mob of sheep on the Billabong plain, and the' :chances of a bl bush fire -driving.t them' down to the bend, Iwthre they.could'n6t get out of the river if theyta'tempted, to, cross. ,,I. think if out and \\Willijtook two smart horses you might get round .by the out.shepherd's and h'ad the sheepacio. the last burnt patch, and get back "agai som'e ti?ie to-night, wllf a fire co'nms down! the ranges way we will have trouble 'ontiour.,hands here,, but, there are plnti, of us to rianiage, and .I think thelboyi' will stick to me. But, come back,, if yo can to-night . i "IJust what I was going to propose" assented Harold.,; I?U do not like the look of things, and want. to beoff ! Whatdo ou say toalongride/ and a warm one too ?" tuning to Willie,.then not waiting for a reply he added, to his.father, "I would not give out'any grog'itI were yoi, IT aney thatifellow Smith looks sulky, just as. he did before.he went iaway on the hurst last year. aind I do not waint hiin:to'fail'is now.": In a few.minutes the young men rode awaij on a pati of piwerful horses, and the lHoime station was left with only one old man as the guardian of its greedily coveted treasuies,.,,, , Smith, 's he 'iaedt across th'e.jard looked. into 'the hut'where Snubs was apa'rently busy,, and, glancing round to see the coast was clear remarked " It's all straight; the young fellows have gone, wont be .back before to-morrow.', ttettcr do the job to day instead.of waiting ;till night ? What's the odds, I't'i tired:of I ?aiting, ind? talking about it,.I want to be doing some-; thiing; I put aljig armful of, liayj! nder the. house where a match will find it out quick; and, we havedeonly the old mian to deal with now. What'd'ye say, mate? I '-ay, blast you for afool,,' hissed the elder rufoan. Dont you see that the smoke of a fire here' would bring them back in a few hours: They could see it out on' the plain for thirty' miles casy,'ainl whatstart would that give us ? Wencmsustiiit"itll nigstt,' make sure ofthe old fellow5 a>d FlMadg 'miust le.iuitetitd to,'then e.hiave nobody hut thce gils to deal with, and we can make a blaze of the place just ?fTore we travel I The griss lit in 'a 'few;places as we go will cover ours trail, and,them we leave be. hind us wont say a word about it." ".The girls tiooj';! hispered the other..' , '.es' rl W oiasuld fb w' do with then, in the bish? They wont be worth much by that time.", . Jn ' - - About an hour after, Jacky, the native, strolledrup to the veranidah.tith his naked feet; and stood by' Mr. Drummond' before he was oblseved' I ' p (') , "iWhat do youswant? Whiy are ;yo not away after' the iorses this morning ? asked thei master. "Too' mitclhee ,big one fellow hot I " Dis fellow lie downr blung a, kitchen. ' Hear him' big frie'coining !' Gite this fellow grog. Too much .tired. "'No go now. b,.By-um-by too irich hdt. Dis fellow. lie down see aillasame possum- You saivec ? ". i': " Go away to your work !,. I will give you' no grog today. ,:;ut after all you may as well wait about the place; you might be wanted.'! t ..All) right, . Dis fllow wait Bj-um-by Missie give Jacker ;plenty siy-pen when big. fellUowcome take. emlongaý ubl, mak-'em him gin;" - ... . . ... i "Very likely', M: Drummond said,' who' did not understand Jackey's meaning in the vThe hotiweary day drew towards a close, the sweltering heat and smoky appearance only in reasmng and -becoming. more- densc. , The addle horses in the home paddock drew up to the: gate panting, and were allowed to come into the yard for water, after which they stood under a shed switching their tails and stamping as the flies clusteiel round them. *The dogs crawled under the house or into the coolest corner available, and lay with their red tongues protruding. 'Old Madge'came in from some out building aind asked for some starch, grimbling that she netdr could 'find that. storenan when he was wanied;, and Mr. Drummond, half-asleep, gaie her the k-?y of thi.store;' t~ling her to bring'it back at once,; Madge was only mortal, and thicrrewas a cask of riium onita i the store. She" hadil. " swig" to begin with, thei brought' a .pannican nearlyi full out with her, auidin about an hour after returning the key, was fully half-seas ovei when she'took the girls dresses into the darkened room where the two'little girls lay exhausted on the sofa while Maud and Maggie reclined in rocking chairs. ' Something in the'woman's manner attracted Miss. Drsmmond's attention She rose, and laid her hand on Madge's shoulder;, "You have been drinking again, Madge! and you kniow how angry MIr.. Drummond was last time. Go and lie down in the dair oiit of the way, and I will attend to myfathlier ifhew'ants anything. Now, go at once; for .I could not pear to see you sentsaway to Sydney." .,;"You fare!a good soul, you are. I have had 'a nobbler,-but I'll go now.., I couldn't help it, it is along time since I had one. I'll do as much for .you another time,": and she toddled away, to. lie; down in the cool cellar used as a dairy.. -c ý . . S." Te' o'clock;-m~uggyand hazy as ever. Nuot quite dark; for the moon was in its quarte, Mr Driiiiond, half dresed, lay'asleep on liis'coiich;?withthhe'ppiip er past of'the window open. The next room, was: ocipied` by the young lIdies,'ivho were.sleepls. though in bed. Aiopel'door led into; a smaler appartinent, where'.the little ones, after; their evening prayers, were now in the sound sleep of childhood. . . .. , T..The yard was deserted and quiet, but a shadow seemed to glide from- one hut to the *other, and a minute after'three stealthy forms 'moved noiselessly' across' the open'space and were lost in the obscurity of the deep.verandah. After listening for a minute the breath of the sleeper was heard, and. the lower half. of the. :window was cautiously raised, a hand was. inserted, which alfter feeling carefully, round iws followed by a leg and the upper part of a .mon',ody... ' . - . " At that niomecnt a dog pushed its cold nose into the haind of Mr. Drummond which hung over the bed. He saw, shaped in thedarknets a' human form, and on the instinct of the moment called out "Who is there ?" I ;In the twinkling of an eye the dog sprang at the intruder and seized him. The sudden shock dashed a shingling hammerfrom his hand and itfellinsidethe room out of his reach, while he tumbled outside into the verandah with :the dog worrying at his throat. .In their struggle they'rolled from the veran dah into the dusky light of the garden. A second figure dauted forward, there was aheavyv blow; and the dog rolled over-dead. Smith arose furious, "Curse the dog. It's two to one now. Come on I We must make an end of it now. Rush the door "'. As they'passed the window there was a flash, a report, and. the second man staggered, but did not fall, " I'm hit " he muttered, but "1'1l have, his lile, ' Meantime" Snubs had tried the window of the girls'room but found it closed. lie rushed with his shoulder against the door as a shorter way in, and smashed a paniel but could not open it'any the more. There was time enough he thought now the alarm was given, the other two could manage the old man, he haid his own work to do.' 'Just as die door seemed yielding anti the frightened girls had fled into thechildren's room, old Madge made her appearance and, in a whisper, strongly flavoured with rum, said to M iud -"." . , -. .". " Here's your brother's pistols, take one and one bf thc children, Maggie can take the other and beoffto the dairy. . I'll keep Snubs off till yonu et there by the back way, I'll put a hole in him if he comes too close, Off-with you, I said I'd do us iiuchTfi' oiu for: irh'ptyou did f h coatinnwd.)