Round the Country. - BY J. M. BARR. C HI A P T E R VI. THE lead had run into deeper and wet ground. The shallow and richest of the workings had been turned over, and now presented to view a perfect chaos of irregular heaps of earth and stones, upturned by the hands of the busy miners, who in great numbers were now leaving for other and newer fields. About this time the two mates joined another party of two, both married men, and had a short " run of luck" again. The party was thus divided, Jack and one of the new mates, a Cornishman, worked in a shaft which was paying very well; Tom was employed carting washdirt to and water from the creek ; the fourth mate was a blacksmith, and wrought at his trade pointing tools, being assisted in the evening by the others in the heavier portions of the work. What yarns were spun by the roar ing forge fire in the long summer twilight, and how the smith, a German, would holt his fat .tams nntl Intfa h over aotno .o . t na;,", toJ' in his broken English, "Ali, Yack, you was von teulfel, by nine word." lie had a mongrel bull-terrier that he termed "mine tog I'oxer," which was a fruitful source of amusement, being accustomed to pay friendly visits to the tents occasionally, and quite promiscuously setting his foot in newly-raised pans of dough, or upsetting billies of tea with a sweep of his massive tail, to the intense consternation of the females. All things went on well and harmoniously, for on each Saturday night the several purses were thrown together, and a general division made, which often ranged from ten to twenty pounds per man after rmeeting all expenses; and who could be in anything else than good temper while such was the case? Tile women were also very obliging and good natured. Dinner was always cooked in proper tinle, and was of much more varied materials than had been previously the case with the two single men. Clothes were also washed, and stray buttons were looked after sharply, so that altogether the mates were in clover, as each was more especially taken under the protection and care of one of the ladies, who thus divided the duties. And then came about the time when all Christendom unites in good and kindly cele bration of that wondrous event long ages ago, when " peace on earth andt goodwill to men' was first proclaimed in angelic song to the watchers on Bethlehem's plains ; when the bonds that unite men as brothers seeml drawn closer than before, and whether amongst the icicles and gleaming holly of the English Christmas fireside, the scorching languid heat, or the sultry burning blast of the Australian midsummer, all men lay down for tile nonce the symbols of their toil and make merry, keeping high holiday. The Christmas week had come to Fiery Creek as well as to the rest of thle world, anti schemes of pleasure were rapidly superseding the busy hlum of labor, and yet nothing could be more unlike thle Christmas time ol Old England than the one we now allude to. For days, almost weeks, not a breath of wind had been felt, and the air, hot and dry, gave a peculiar shimmering appearance to the landscape, as if viewed through running water. The wllole face of the country was parched oiup to a dingy straw color. Round 'Mount Cole, and in fact in almost every direction in which tile eye could penetrate tile curtain of forest, huge clouds of blue smoke rose, telling of mighty bush fires. Under the trees, tile dust hung undispersed, tile patient cattle lay panting wherever shade could be obtained, while their less-favored brethren,- the working Iullocks, toiled along with tongues lolling from their mouths, at times their bodies being almost invisible for the dust clouds by which they were enveloped. Not a sound was Iheard save the crackling of the bark on the trees, tile click click of the large locusts, or the sweep of great beetles in the air. Even parrots were dropping from the trees overpowered with sunstroke. Human nature was principally employed in trying to mitigate the heat by pouring in beer, tea, or some other fluid, to moisten its clay as it lay supine and prostrate seeking for coolness. Even at the worst of tile heat, Jack had business that called him to the lower part of the township, about a couple of miles aol; and before returning, was taking a spell while discussing a glass of lemonade and the heat of tile weather at the same time in the shade of a verandah, when looking upwards, a dense cloud of purplish leaden color swas seen rapidly rising above tile trees. From its under edge the lightning flashed in vivid and almost constant streams. From the hot earth another series of arrowy lightnings passed upward into the cloud, and already the distant roar of the tempest could be heard. Jack started at once for home, but had scarce got a quarter of the distance, when a few heavy pieces of hail, as large as marbles fell ; a few minutes pause followed, but the clouds were rushing onward overhead with portentous rapidity, while all was calm and still as death beneathl; then with a roar and a crash, a perfect wall of water came sweeping forward, as if it would engulph the earth. Nothing could be done in such a torrent ; nothing could be seen at a few yards dis'ance, but Jack fortunately was quite close to a large store, in which he sought shelter. Here all was confusion, for the tremendous body of water already pouring down the slope of the hill was damlnsoed back by tile width of the building, atd had broken in at the back of the store, sweeping through it knee deep, and washing away everytlling that could be moved by the current-kegs of butter, bags of sugar, and such articles were thus swept off by the torrent. The scene ,ut of doors was truly grand, the lightning in reality "ran along the ground." The thunder peals were not to he distinguished separately, it was one constant roar and crash, nas if the sky and earth would mingle." The darkness was lurid and intense, while the falling water sustained the noise like the sound of some mighty waterfall. Fortunately the tempest did not last many minutes, or the whole place would have been overwhelmed, but the low clouds were swept away before the wind as rapidly as they had come. But what a change had come over the face of nature in these few minutes I Every gully was now turned into the bed of a rolling torrent, and thIe fat was now a river of nearly half-a-mile wide, in which could be seen like wrecks the remains of tents and small houses that had been beaten down by thestorm, and were now washing about in the turbid waters. Most of the windllasses were only showing above water, and a few of the highest heaps of pipeclay, the rest had disappeared. A few drenched and half-drowned men were attempt inmg to save their property from the flood, which was rapidly increasing. On the ranges lay hundreds of great limIs and branches, torn from the trees with tile weight of tile water that had fallen, and down tile sides of the ranges ran streams of water in every hollow. A dense steam rose smoking from the heated earth, and was swept away in wreaths by the wind, adding to the weird appearance of the scene. After assisting the storekeeper to place some of his least damaged goods on the counter out of the reach of the water, Jack started for home, splashing through the gullies up to his knees, and cautiously feeling his any with a stout stick, which served to guide him from the numerous shallow holes, now covered with water. Some persons who neglccled this precaution paid the penalty ol their temerity. (To It: Corc'rr.NvU .)