Round the Country. By J. M. BARR. C H A P T E R II. Aso.oasr other places of public resort visited by: the pair on the following day, which happened to be Suidlay, was the lotlanical Gardens, and while admiring the strange and beautiful forms of vegetation there displayed, the attention of both was attracted to .a specimen of Nature's handiwork, which, for Ieautyp and grace, far. surpassed even the wonders of the vegetation world. The object on which their interest was centered was a young girl of probably seventeen summers, on whose fair brow the seal of gentleness and loveliness had been set, and whose graces were as yet but half unfolded, accompanied by an infirm old lady, whose feeble steps she supported while she wandered. " In maiden meditation, fancy free, Through the groves of luxuriant foliage." As the pair passed along, many an eye followed them, and whispered comments on the surprising grace of the younger were freely made by the loungers in the shady groves. " By Jove," said Tom, " what a figure head that young lady has It beats the Boadicea or Cleopatra all to smithereens. There'sa cut of a jibt for you now. I dare say there's many a fine fellow would like to sail in her wake" , Jack was silent, but his silence was per haps more eloquent than words would have been. In a short time one of those sudden 'squalls of wind anti rain that marks the breaking. up of the Australian summer came on, and the two mates hurriedly made for the river, where a number of pleasure boats lay with awnings spread, and into one of these they entered for shelter, bidding the boatman pull down the river. But as he was about to obey, Jack observed the two ladies they had before seen in the garden, evidently seeking for some shelter from the pelting rain. To spring from the boat and invite them was the work of a moment, and it was with great pleasure he saw that the invitairn was gladly accepted. The elder lady, however, in attempting to descend the ladder, now slippery with the wet, made a false step, and would have been precipitated into the river, but for the timely assistance of the young man, who then followed up his advantage by handing the young girl next into the boat, and taking his seat by her side. The warm thanks of the mother, and the glances of gratitude from the daughter, only made him speak with greater emphasis the pleasure he felt in being able to render them the slight service : and the shock having rather indisposed the invalid, the sail was extended much beyond the distance first intended. On reaching the landling place, the pa io rt was sti'l far from recovered, and Jack hastily secured the services of a cab to convey the ladies home -of course riding with them to see them safely arrived; nor did he leave till a warm invitation was given him to repeat his call. Day after day saw him at the house of his charmer, and the quiet respectable tradesman, her father, seemed to love the company of the young man, and was never tired of listening to the tales of the diggings, which Jack was fond ol telling-more especially as the young lady showed by her marked attention that, like another Desdemona, she was rapidly trans forming him into an ideal Othello, and loving him for the dangers he had passed. We are afraid, however, that somettimes the events detailed were considerably heightened by a vivid imagination, which seemed to have abo been the case with Othello as well as Jack. Family partieswere made up for excur sions to one place or other almost every day. An occasional visit to the theatre, followed by supper with the old man, all served' to draw the bonds of friendship, and ptossibly some thing warmer, closer and closer still, for as the acquaintance progressed, Jack saw more of the gentleness and purity of the mind of his fair friend, whose outward beauty was a true reflec tion of her gentle, cheerful, and yet always maidenly character. No girl of 'the period was she I At a time when the sex was dis graced Iy the supercilious airs and manly " fastness " of so many of its members, who aped the roughness and coarseness of their male associates, she remained an example of womanly purity and homely virginal affection, as complete as that pictured by the "Lily Maid of Astolat." One evening after a pleasant party with the new friends, Tum remarked, with a sigh of resignation. " I suppose I may as well settle up the accounts for our first week's expenses, for I must own you have fairly won the wager. If that young minx hadn't been in such a confounded hurry to tie up, things would have been different with me, but that's all past, and now, although I don't want to hurry you away from so much enjoyment, I must quietly put you in minl that we have been in Melbourne nearly a month, and that, unless you mean to make a clean sweep of it, and get spliced before you go up again, it is almost time we were getting ready for another start to the diggings." The necessity for such a step was apparent to his male, quite as plainly as to Tom, and yet he had with pardonable shortsightedness closed his eyes to the fact that his days of pleasure must speedily end, and had been living in complete enjoyment of the present moment without a thought of the future, but now that its claims were farced upon him, a decision was arrived at before the mates separated that three days should be given to the purchase of stores, etc., sufficient to keep them for some months on the goldlields, and that on the fourth day they should bid good bye to Melbourne. We cannot depict the sorrow of parting when two hearts that have learned to love each other are separatedl,. and shall therefore leave to the inmagination of the reader all the tender vows, the repeated promises of correspondence, the blessing of the old man, the affectionate farewell of the mother, and the tears of the lady, when the mates sail adieu to their kind friends, and with a dray load of necessary stores, not forgetting a few kegs of D.B., turned their backs lupon the city, its comforts, and its pleasures, to lace again the varied fortunes of the bush and the goldfields. Neither need we dwell onthe incidents of the upwardjourney;suffice it to say the wet wreather had set in, the roads had become rivers of mud, and manyofthe creeks were unfordable; that the mates slept for several nights under the dray on poles laid across the wheels covered with blankets; that Punch proved himself equal to the occasion, and plunged into mud anl mire, toiled over hill and valley, assisted many a poor horse that had been bogged, and was assisted in turn by others; that for several days no sun was seen, but a constant mizzling rain madle all things dismall anti drlipping; that after all this in dlue time-the horrible ltay of Biscay, with its, tenacious mud, crabholes, and rocks, was safely crossed, the little town of Carisbrosk passed through, and, as Tom expressed it, "we cast anchor at the old mooring place at M'Callum's Creek again." Here all things hadl chlangedl for thie worse; the popllation twas leavirng for the several new rushes that had started, the olt leads were nearly worked out, and although a few branch gullies were opening, yet they were by no means rich, and generally were of the class known to diggers as " tucker ground." In one of these small gullies, Ned was at work, as sulky, and even mere so than before, for his manner Could only be said to be bearable when plenty of gold was being obtained, and fell below zero when the precious metal was scarce. His wife had a miserable time of it, and informed the mates that her husbandl tieated her with the niost marked neglect, and for mnore than a forinight hadl not spoken to her save to ask for some necessary article, and had not eat a single mealin the house during that time. Instead of sitting down to table with her, he was in the habit of picking iup what he wished to eat, and going out under the shadle of a tree to consume his morsel alone. The poor woman knew. of no cause for this, save that he was' not making any money, and to all her appeals not a word of reply would he vouchsafe. Tom and Jack remonstrated with him andti got no satisfaction, being told to mind their own business, and it was then that Jack in a fit of virtuous indig nation offered the wife in her husbandt's presence a £to note to pay her passage to her former mistress at. Williamstown, and volun teered to see her safely startetd in the coach. This proposal, made in all good faith, alarmed the selfishness of the fellow, and he promisedl amendment; lut his stock of hatred to Jack was largely increased by the circumst nee. It was not long afterwards before an open rupture took place. Ned had got drunk one Sunday, and coming home challenged Jack to fight, iusing the:most insulting epithets in order to gonad his adversary into the quarrel. The wife entreated the mates' forbearance, and as the two sat in: the' tent, the infuriated wretch stool on the deorstcp threatening them both with annihilation. They took no notice till in his rage he caught up a billet of wood and hurled it into the tent at them. "This won't do," said Tom coolly. ." Let us lie up the confounded duffer till he is sober, and divide the traps and part." " Agreed," said his mate. In an instant the pair had laid hold of the madman, and while he writhed, cursed, bit, kicked, and yelled, he was slowly but surely rolled in sacking and tied hand and foot with such a variety of curious knots that none ,itt a sailor could have untied the ropes that hound him. In this state he was carried into his tent and laid on the floor, where he was quietly told that his imprisonment would last just as long as lie continued violent. Next morning he was releasetd soer and penitent, lut his mates were firm in their resolution; the tools were parted, the share held by him in the horse and dray was valued and paid to him, antd his mates were free from his cm pany. Before parting, the offer previously made to his wife was repeated, that as soon as she found her life with him unbearable that on application to the two mates, they woltl see her safely started for Melbourne, and as a sort of caution, it was added that they would "hammer him within an inch of his life." The warning was effectual for a considerable lime in preventing at least open cruelty to the victim of a hasty marriage on an insufalcient acquaintanceship. CHAPTER III. Months passed away with varied forlanes to the mates. Different gullies and reefs were tried, and the stores brought up front Melbourne dwindled slowly into very small proportions, and yet the -amount of gold obtained was very little. Indeed it seemed as if a "run of bad luck" had followed the mates wherever they went since their return to the diggings. No matter what speculation they went into, and they tried a great number, each and all resulted in the same rnd--a total want of gold in sufficient quantities to pay for the labor expended. It was in vain that they secured a claim in a rich little gully emptying into Eaglehawk, where a number of New Zealanders were taking out a narrow gutter, and making from one to five ounces per day per nman. The portion of the gutter that fell to the lot of the mates was blank--a mullock bank had turned the gold another way. They got the next claim to the shallow surface workings at Waterloo Flat, where a thirty or forty pound specimen was obtained, but their surfacing operations had merely a superficial appearance of prosperity; the stuflf would not go a grain to the tub. Punch revelled in fatness, having nothing to do but to run in the bush and occasionally bring in a cask of water or a load of firewood, and the I spirits of the mates fell down to below zero as they saw their little hoard being gradually consumed, and yet no grist coming to the mill to supply the deficiency. As they sat before the fire in a melancholy mood one evening, a visitor with whom they had become pretty intimate entered. The new arrival was a young Maori, one of the ehiefs of his tribe, and one of the most successful of the sixty or so who had worked in the little gutter alluded to previously. Willy as he was called, although his proper name was Koh-par-ah-mue, was a complete type of t that grace of form which is olten seen in the natives of New Zealand, and if his face was not quite in accordance with European ideas of beauty, yet his person would have served as a model for a statue of Antinous. lie was perfectly aware of his natural advantages, and set them oft by a certain neatness and smartness in his dress, which had earned himn the title of the " Maori swell." "Well, what news, Willy?" was the salutation lie was greeted with. "We have wovrked out our claim anti washed up all the gutter stuff. Some of them fellows are going on the spree. Do you hear the noise they are making down there? Ah ! that is nothing yet ; they have only begun. Before morning some of them will have a little of their f hot blood let out, and be more quiet and ready for a start. Twelve of us are going away home to Wellington in two days, and I have heard I you say you would like to begin farming. I Come with me, I have plenty of land, ant t will give you as much as you want, and the I young men of my fatherland will build you a house and fence in your farm. You will show c me and my tribe how you make the fruit grow, and make ropes. I want our young men to build a large pros to sail between the islands, 3 and if you come with me you shall be my white brothers. I shall put my tatoo on your hand, t and no fear any young man touch you. You will be all the same as Kilkrest (meaning Gilchrist, a white-man who had settled down t with a neighboring tribe). Plenty fruits on F fruit trees there ; plenty fish in water ; plenty t pigs; plenty girls. You get two or three of my sisters if you like; they like white men since I write over and tell what I see here. If you not believe, see here, my father's letter r say so." s Tom burst out laughing, " No, no, Willy, had one sweetheart, and she ran away with I another in a hurry." "She was no good," replied the chief angrily. " If she had been one of our women, her husband go after her and take his toma-. hawk with him. Soon kill her. She no run away again." The mates laughed at the idea of curing a sweetheart's erratic fancy by such stringent measures, but the proposal to go to Ncw' Zealand had a great charm for them in their t present unsatisfactory position, and both of J their thoughts were dwelling on the proposal. " There are no rushes breaking out now of I any value," said Jack, "and we might do worse than go over. If we did not like the country or the climate, we could soon return again. One thing is certain, we are not likely to do any good here ; and as the diggers say I we had better go somewhere to try and change our luck." " Well, we will see you to-morrow and let you know, Willy. In the meantime, you had t better go down and put a stop to that awful row your countrymen are kicking up, or pro bably there will be someone killed, and then you might be prevented fromn going away till the matter was settled." The idea of being detained seemed to have great weight with Willy, who at once took his t leave anti, in a short time was apparently successful in securing quietness in the New Zealand camp. Next daiy, the great subject of conversation between the mates was the proposed departure r from the diggings, and probably they wouldt have settled the matter by "not standing upon I the order of going, but have gone at once," had it not been that a rumor reached t their ears of a new and rich rush having broken I out at Fiery Creek, about forty miles distant;. Particular enquiries were made, and that night crowds of eager diggers were gatheredl round the public house of Davis and Reilly to hear for themselves the information brought by a man who had come for his mate, having had his news from a trooper, who had accidentally discovered the prospecting party at work, and t had actually seen the gold in the washdirt "like plums and currants in a pudding," as the narrator graphically described it. No thoughts were now given to anythini a save preparations for a start ; the "traps" were stowed away in readiness for the morning; the horse was caught and tethered in front of the tent ; Willy's proposal was respectfully I declined, and before the sun had pierced, through the mists of the morning, all the goods I and chattels of the mates were upon the dray, I with the tent spread over them as a protection against the falling rain, and then good-bye to I Eaglehawk and away for Fiery Creek. The road now travelled was a new one to the mates after passing 1a:k Creek diggings, but the leatures of the crountry were essentially the same as had so often met their view on former journeys. The same toiling through densely timbered ranges, up narrow gullies, where the great trees were often so close as to leave scanty room for the dray to pass. On for miles, with trees, nothing but trees to be seen, and very little variation between the form or appearance of these giants of the forest. Those now passed might have ibeen the same noticed ten miles back on the road as far as any material difference was visible, and the wattle and prickly broom scrub was as like to what had betore been seen as two peas are. Then out on plains, exactly like those previously passed, the same crabholes, full to the brim with whitish or clear water, the same honeysuckle and sheaoaks standing like sentinels round the bordlers of the expanse; the same deep, rocky), and muddy creeks, steep descents to the water, and equally sleep ascents to the level of the Ilain, which took all Ptnch'smettle to surmount. On reaching Blurnbank the travellers found that the name waterhank wohild have been much more appropriate, as the creek was running hIank high, anti had risen so rapidly as to place in great jeopardy a waggoner anti his team, who had foolishly camped on a small island over which the water hadl risen. By a series of skilful attetmpts a rope was thrown to the man and he was dragged through the flood to the bank, not inuch the worse for his rough dive. The horses were left to swim, and the waggon, apparently didliking solitude, set offor :a sail shdrtly after, and was arrested some miles down the creek. Creeping close up under the vast range of the Pyrenees, the track led by the most in tricate and abominable twists and grips to steep sidelings, 'where a slip would have 'sent the dray rolling over for half a mile or so, over, and across high saddles crowded with stringy bark trees, till the Gap ofthe Pyrenees was safely passed, andi finally, as the evening set in, the cloudts of dense blue smoke shimmering through the trees, the roar of constant chopping, and the fall of trees, told the travellers that they had reached the rush at Fiery Creek. Ilaving elfore described the peculiarities of a "great rullsh," we need not enter into particulars of the sight which met the eyes of our travellers wlhen they arose at thleir tenimporary encamtpment on the morning alter arriving at the diggings of Fiery Creek. The naine was singularly appropriate to the place, for the ranges were closely covered witll a dense growth of stringy bark anti iron bark trees, a great proportion of which were blackened and dlead by the effects of a fearful bush fire that had ravaged the country for miles round, and although the rain that had lately fallen had transformed each of the gullies that crossed the main road into veritable " sloughs of despond," yet the ranges were totally bare of grass, and even the scrubby broom and prickly acacias were withered, blackened, and burnt. Fiery Creek indeed ! Of the fire there were abundant evidences everywhlere-huge gigantic trees had fallen and been consumed where they lay, and nothing but streaks of charcoal and ashes showed the outlines nf what Iail been their wide-spread branches and massive trunks. Even the young saplings stood tall, bate and scorched, like the masts of some fleet wlhose rigging had been destroyed. In fact, a more dtesolate looking iicture could scarce be conceived, and no appearance of any watercourse was visille from the diggings, the creek being about a couple of miles distant towards iMount Cole, whose bare granite sides shone glittering in the sun, hlowever, all was now'activity and noise. Thousands of diggers were erecting their tents, a street had been formed, in which about eight Out of ten of the places of business sold grog in one form or another, with the attractions of mu;ic and dancing, gambling tables, roulette, rouge el ,,aior, pin pool, cards, skittles, flash or faded barmaids, or with the help of all the hideous ness of brazen-faced loud-tongued harlots, whose inevitable followers-the roughs and rowdies-mustered in great force, and were easily distinguished by their flash and dirty dress, their bold swaggering idleness, or, more dangerous still, hy that soft, oily, insinuating manner, best described by " looking as if butter would not melt in their mouths." Tile place was golden, and so were the emblazoned signs of the various groggeries. Close together were the Golden Age, Golden Era, Golden Gate, Golden horn, Golden Lake, Golden Pick, Golden Swan, and a host of others, while Nuggets, Diggers' Rests, Restaurants, lhomes, Refuges, all of which were of and for the digger only, were crowded beside each other in long lines radiating towards the Yam Holes. The mates took up their residence in Musical Gully, also well named, for the com bination of melody that arose from the small tents after sunset was something appralling to listen to. It seemed as if every invented instrument of torture to the car, from Jews' harps, throughl all tihe varied branches of stringed andi wind instruments, tiup to the ophecleide and the bass dratm, had found a dwelling place and some one to perform on them in MhIsical Gully. What ravishing ducts between saxhorns and triangles or concertina and Scotch bagpipes were perfortmed to the intense dismay of the involuntary listeners this veracious history cannot now specify. Sulfice it to say, encamped beside a couple of tents, the inmates of whilch were friends of our travellers, it was only a few days Iefore they were all at work in the lead in payable ground. These large rushes, where gold was plentiful, formed a rendezvous for ruffians of the lowest order-Tasmanian lifers, who had burst their bonds, expirces, ticket-of leave men, all belonging to a class that is now happily well weeded out. Many a hold and bloody scene of violence and robbery was planned and executed by men ol that stamp, and oftentimes the hand of the law was too distant or too slow to avenge the rights of the miners, whllo on some occasions had to rely on their own strong arms, or at best the aid of Judge Lynch to strike terror into the wrong doers. An incident of this was afforded before the mates had been a fortnight on the new diggings. The moonlight was sleeping peacefully on tihe gully, the white heaps of pipeclay gleaming ghastly in the pale beams, and the road crossing tie gully in front of the mates' tent was almost ` deserted, while tihe noise and music from the street half a-mile distant was yet at its height, when Tom, Jack and White, who lived in the next' tent," tired of sitting by the log fire, separated to seek their repose. About two minutes had elapsed, and the mates were partially undressed, when suddenly in the clear still air of night ran out the awful cry, " Murder, murder, mur-" the last syllable ending withl the crash of a heavy blow and a fearful groan. Startled out of their presence of mind the mates rushed out, utterly oblivious of the fact that their attire was more nearly approaching that of Father Adam than was qutte consistent with modern notions. Tom had a wide flannel "like streamers waving in the wind," and nothing more in particular. Jack was equally well attired in a tight red shirt, while YWhite's costume consisted of a pair of drawers, rather the worse for wear, and a shirt hastily thrown shawl fashion on his shoulders, with the sleeves tied round his neck. In a second all were in the open air, and in full view Iefiore them lay a man on the ground in the little roadway, with tlrcee others stooping over him and rifling his person. They were in a great haste, for the alarm had been given, and men were popping out of their tents on both sides of the gully, so quickly as to show the robbers that their retreat would speedily be cut off. In an instant one of them started to run up the gully amongst the holes, another went downwards, while the third, dodging between the heaps of pipeclay, was apparently about to attempt to forcehis way past the three friends, who, shaded by a tree, were as yet unseen by him. What was to be done ? In the hurry thiey had lelt their firearms in the tents, and were totally nnprovidedrl- with any defence, and hiad now no timse to look for any. lie must bestopped at all hazards ! andt so they waited for hit, to emerge from behinl the heaps on thie open ground. They groped about for sticks in vain. Like everything else sone wereat Ihand when wanted, ibut W'hite picked up one of those small pieces of curledt u p bark like a stick of cinnamon, anti a few sconds nlater the man was face to face with himn a few yardls distantt. The moonlight gleamedt on thie barrel of the revolver in his hand as he stood asnazed to see his tllree adversaries so near ito him.. Iefore he roult recover his senses, White hIad sprung at himl witlh tie curled-up bark pointed like a pistol at him, yelling sutI. . " Stand ! Drop that pistol, or I'll Ilow your hrains out. Down hands, or you're a dead man." The shock was so sutdden that the fellow was "' taken all abaek," as iWhite after wards said, and sufferedil the pisitol to be taken out of his hand quietly. No pen can describe the look he gave when White coolly threw down the bark, saying, "Well, you are a bigger fool than I took you for. As if I couid have shot you with a bit of bark." " Ah," growled the fellow, " If I had only known." " Yes, but you did'nt, andti so you're caught in a trap. Biring him along, boys, till we see where his mates are, and how the poor devil on the road has got on.". One of the runaways had fallen in a shallow, hole as he ran, and was captured more fright ened than hurt. Tbeothergotsdown ashallow shialt anl into a drive, where he threatened to shoot any man whsi would come down to take hin captive, but his courage failed when a mass of ihoghs were thrown down the shaft and a shovel full of fire was sent for to smoke or roast him out, as the diggers playfully remarked, and so the wretch trembling with terror handed up his revolver, crawled out, andi gave hiimsell utp to his captors, who marched him down to where his mates were, and where their victim lay still insensible on the road.