{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CAMF, E LI tE THE CGNVi3T'8 BRIDE. -0 A R0AMA1OCE OF ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT,. --o By F-Rl.AXCIS A. DUrIVAIGE, AuTrlon or "The Erother's S?erei," "A. Eost Life," "I t'ontreroy,." dc. CIIAPTEI X; (Continued.) "Poverty. I have a long journey to make -a voyage of months-and it requires money, a hundred pounds." "Then you'll have to give it up,' said Wilson. " Where are the hundred pounds to come from 2" "I ask you for it, I beg it of you, to save your child's life. I must go to Australia. I must be near my husband. It is the last favor I will ever ask of you. I will never sue to you for another penny, for another morsel of bread. Do this and be rid of me for ever. Alas! alase I I knonow that you never loved me." "And why should I love you ?" " You ask why a father should love his only child!" "You are not my child." "' Not your child :" "No. And if your own father easts you of, why should you expect that I could be so sweet on you !" Carmeline saw that he had been drinking deeply, and was uncertain how much truth there was in what he said. But he went on in the same strain. " Your father migqht shell out the needful, but it is not very likely." "Of whom are you speakini, sir ?" " Of his grace, the Earl of Elwood." Carmeline was certain now that her sop posed father did not know what he was say ing. He kept chuckling and laughing, and repeating: "Ay, ay, the Earl of Elwood, the Earl of Elwood. A peer of the realm-holds his bhead as high as a prince of the blcod-royal. Wouldn't acknowledge a poor devil of an innkeeper as his brother-in-law, not he. If I could only prove-but no matter I He shelled out pretty liberaly though." "What are you saying about the Earl of Elwood, sir?" "Nothing, nothing. Go to bed; don't bother me to-night. A hundred pounds l Pehaw I a mere trif?. Of course I've got 'em lying round loose, tied op in an old stoekine. or something. I'm rich, by Jupi ter I Of course you shall have the hundred pounds! I think I EEe myself giving 'em to you i Go to bed, go to bed." Carmeline did go to bed with a heavyheart, The next day she again sought the innkeeper before he had time to becloud his faculties. ' Sir," she said, " last night you told me a strange story." "'I can't remember the day after what I said overnight." "Do you remember me asking you for a hundred pounds ?"'' " Something of the sort." " And you resisting my appeal, and eaying that I was not your child,but the daughter o' some great nobleman." "And you were green enough to believe me? Pebaw I When I'm in my cups I have strange fancies sometimes. You a lady ane She daughter- of a nobleman I The anoner you get such notions out of your head the better." " I will not dwell upon the subject since you tell me you were only jesting. But, dear father, let me renew my request. I must have the means to go to Australia. My life depends upon it." "Well, well, I'll see about it. I'll ee what can be done. I won't forget." " Remember," said Carmeline solemnly, " that my life depends open my obtaining that money. I am not jesting." When Thomas Wilson was alone he chueckled over an idea which had entered his scheming brain. He went to his desk and indited a letter to the Earl of Elwood-for Carmeline's father had succeeded to the title-in which he pleaded for a remittance of a hundred pounds, to be used for the benefit of the earl's daughter. He requested it should be sent under cover to him, and he promised, if the Earl acceded to his request, that he would never again trouble him for money. The letter was by no means ill. written, and Wilson almost flattered himself that the amount asked for would come by return of mail. Of course, he never intended giving Carmeline one penny of it. Thomas Wilson, landlord of the George, knew better than that. Two days afterward the letter-carrier stopped at the George Inn. "This is for you, Mrs. Vernon," he said, placing a letter in Carmeline's hand as she stood at the door. She glanced round to see that no one was looking. She had grown suspicious of every one. The London postmark ! Who could have written her from London ? It was ad dressed, too, Carmeline Wilson-not her married name. She hastened to her room and tore it open. It contained a cheque on the OvErton Bank for one hundred pounds sterling, payable to bearer, and was signed "Elwood." It seemed a gift from Heaven. Her prayers had been heard, her wishes gratified. She did not stop to ask how it happened that the exact sum she wanted came from London. She had forgotten the name of Elwood-she could think of nothing but the money and all it promised her. Hiding the precious slip of paper, she hurried to the bank. The cashier was slightly acquainted with her, and nodded. How carelessly he handled the cheque, glanced at it, and then tossed it in a drawer. " How will you have it, ma'am ?" "In small notes, if you please." She took the money, hid it, and hastened back to the inn. She had not smiled for many a day, but now there was actually something like a smile on her wan, weary face. Her reputed lather met her at the door and noticed her exbression. " You look something like you used to be," he grunted. ' Father, some kind friend, Lome angel in disguise, has sent me a hundred pounds from London. Was it you 2" "I was the means of it," he muttered. "How did this money come ?" "In a letter-a cheque." " Signed by whom ?" "I don't remember. Maywood, or some such name." "Elwood ?" " Yes, that was it. Only just Elwood." " An old pal of mine in the city. I wrote to him about you." " Dear-dear father I" "No thanks, girl." He was greatly disappointed in not get ting the remittance himself, but, on second thoughts, concluded it was as well to let the girl go. She would never be a burden or expense to him. When all was arranged for the journey to London, she bade him an affectionate fare. well, and he made a hypocriticalh show of parental affection. It did not deceive her. She felt that she was an unloved one. The Conqueror, an emigrant ship, lay in the Thames, She was crowded withpaessen. gers eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thousand miles, by the shortest route, lured by fabulous stories of the golden wealth of Australia. Carmeline had engaged a steerage passage, so that she might at the end of her voyage still have some funds left to support her until she should obtain employment in the far-off, unknown land. A strange mixture of people surrounded her-bad and good, with a predominance of the former. But she formed the acquaint ance of a quiet family, and associated with them exclusively during the tedious voyage of four months. In spite of gnawing care, she felt a thrill of pleasure when at last the land-breeze wafted to the ship the odorof spicyflowers. Soon a dear little land-bird lighted in the rigging. Then, as night deepened, Cape Otway Light sent forth its cheering beams, like the rays of the etar of hope. That night Carmeline could not close her cyes. She sat on the crowded dchk, watching the constellations th blazed above her in all the beauty of a south. ern heaven. The next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along the elevated coast of Cape Otway forest, and entered Port Phillip Bay. The pilot came aboard, bringing files of Melbourne papers, which were distributed among the passengers. One of these was read aloud by .ir. Jones, the head of the family to which Carmeline had attached her self during the voyage. " Ah 1" said he; "here's something. Two convicts shotin trying to escape. Serve 'em r'ht I" "Where did this happen, sir Y' asked Car moeiine. At Norfolk Island." Norfolk Island !-the place of his imprison ment I She forced herself to say : "I suppose the names of these unfortu nate men are not given, sir?" " Unfortunate men, my dear ?" said 'Mr. Jones, " I tell you they were convicts. No names? Yes; here's the names in full Isaac Thompson and Luke Vernon, the last a desperate character, the paper says." With an appalling shriek, the convict's wife fell to the deck. Mr. Jones applied the usual restoratives in cases of fainting. The incident caused but a momentary excitement on the crowded deck. " Only a woman in a fit," passed from mouth to mouth, and the drinking, singing, and specu lating were resumed after a minute'e in terval. "Poor thing !" whispered )Mrs. Jones to her husband. " She told me her name was Vernon. Maybe one of them men was her husband." Carmeline was long in coming to herself, and then the effort to appear calm almost killed her. But she asked to see the paper after awhile, and, hiding her face with the broad eheot, read every word of the fatal news. The two convicts were attempting to escape in a boat; the guard fired on them, and they sank. Bodies not recovered. Dead I dcad I He, whom she loved in spite of his guilt, was dead, and she was alone in the world, thirteen thousand miles from England I She did not shed a tear, and a freezing torper, like that of death, cengealed her frame. tira. Jones pitied, but forbore to question her. " We are going ashore now," said the good woman. "Mr. Jones heasengaged a boat to take us to Liardet's beach. Will you come with uos ?" "es; certainly," replied Carmeline, in a hurried, flighty way. "Certainly, cer. tainly." After landing, the Joneses insisted on her riding with them, in a cart they had engaged, to Melbourne. They were going yet farther, but Carmeline stopped in the town. She engaged lodgings with a Scotchwoman, a Mrs. Murdockson, who had been re commended to her by the captain of the Conqueror. The terms were frightfully high, yet low in comparison with those of other boarding places. "You will have soupper, of courve?" said the landlady, as she showed her guest into a miserable attic room. "Only a cup of tea," gasped Carmeline. 'I t-.t rest l I want rest." She laid aside her bonnet and shawl, then lay down upon thebed without undressing. The landlady brought the tea, which was swallowed ; then undressed and went to bed. "Dead I dead l" she kept murmuring, as she pressed her hands to her burning head. CHAPTER XL AUsTLIAt-n TE BUnnII. Carmeline awoke from a troubled sleep un refreshed, and with her awakening came a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant than the agony she felt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first came to her on shipboard. Tor days she moved on as in a dream torpid, listless, despairing. At last came a letter from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The Joneses were trying their fortune there, and they needed help in the housekeeping. They offered Carmeline bed, board and wages for her domestic services. She felt that she must go to work, not only to support heroelf, for her money was fast ebbing away, but that she needed employ ment as a diversion from brooding over her bereavement. She answered the letter, ac cepting the oiffer, and announcing that she would go through with the first conveyance that left Melbourne under escort, for evil characters loitered about the track of emi grants, and more than one family had been plundered by bushrOngers, so that it waassot safe to venture on the track without the pro tection of the armed and uounted police. In a few days the opportunity occurred, and she secured a place in a wagon belonging to one Mike Mulligan, who, with hie wife and two children, were iosund for the gold distriot. When she had paid her fare and settled with her landlady she found she had left thirty momnd sterling. This was none too much for a reserve fund in a country where a few days illness would absorb even a larger amount. Carmeline was very ill when sho took leave of Mrs. Murdockeon, her kind-hearted land lady, who urged her to postp:.ne her journey, but her feverish impatience to obtain some thing like a home in a strange land urged her forward. 'le distanee to be traversed was about eighty miles, but as there were bullock teams in thetrain, the progress of the caravan was necessarily clow; moreover,the road in some places was deep and difficult, and the emi. grants could only hope to reach their desti nation in four or five days. It was a motley procession of mounted men, tilt-carts, land heavy bagngag wagons, some of them piled with household furniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating carbines slung at their backs, and helmets on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter. vale the emigrants had to traverse swamps of sticky mud that clung to the wheels of the wagons like glue. They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept the country with devouring flames, leaving here and there great tracts of dead, scorched trees, that loomed up in the night against the starry sky like ghastlyskeletons. Sometimes a huge fallen tree barred the road, and it was necessary either to hew it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by the road-side. TIn crossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune. His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly sought to procure other animals to enable him to kbeep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as much as they could do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness. The utmost that could be done for the nn fcrtunate family was to take them on in one of the baggage wagons. But Mike and his wife could not abandonthe cart. It contained their little all. Nor would Carmeline leave them in their distress. She had conceived an afllection for these poor honest people. Though they did not urge her, she knew that they would be rejoiced to have her stay with them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a beneficent Australian sky ? Some of the emigrants went to work and got Mike',' wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry place by the road-side. The horees did not need to be hobbled; they were too tired to stray. By the time this job was finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind shook bands with Mike and then started to regain Mike's wife eat down on a rock and had a good cry; while Carmeline played with the chiidren and Mike lit his pipe. After this solace the man went to work,eand eucededee in a few hours in repairing his wagon. But the horses were still unfit for work, and night was coming on. Mike thought that they could manage to sleep comfortably enough under the canvas cover of the cart, but he expressed a childish fear of "lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all thim haythen animals that go roarin' round seekin' somebody to devour." Carmeline, who was not so ignoront of the zoology of Australia, assured him that he'had nothing to fear on that cecount,for such dan gerous animals were unknown. " Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss," was his reply. "St. Patrick must have taken it in his way when he came to dhrive thim varmints out of ould Ireland into the say." Carmeline took him aside. " Mike," she said, "there are those who are more dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles." "Ghosts and banshees, miss ?" "No, no, Mike; but bad men-thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watch to night. Are you armed?" "Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri can six-shooter as money can buy." "I hope you will have no occasion to use it. But I would make no fire. We can dispense with tea and coffee." Following Carmeline's advice, the little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under the cover of the cart and arranged themselves as well as they could for the night-an anxious one, which passed, however, without incident. At dawn of day the harsh screams odf a hundred cockatoos, making a music like the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in--magpies, leatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red, and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of the forest. Tall cranes stalked along the banks of the river, or stood motion. less beside it. Mike had not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow i he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, however. With the opening of day his toil recommenced. The horses, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet grass, were in a good con dition. The cart would hold together, pro vided there were no more bad places to cross. So they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their march. After a short distance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmelino alighted to pluck some, telling the MIlligans to keep on and she would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkenprs, lobelias, orehisses, and a beautiful flower like the star of Bethlehem which she had never seen before. Passionately fond of flowers-those most delicate gifts of Heaven the young widow was lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She left the beaten track and struck into the woods, attracted by some crimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. She did not go far, however. When she had gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oc copy the children for hours in making bonquets and coronals, she hurried back to. wards the roid, as she thought. But it is easy to lose one's sel! in the Aus tralian bush, and lost she soon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, strainingher lungs to the utmost. . . "Mike I Mike l" Alasl only the discordant cries of cooks. toos and parroquets answered her. "Mike I Mikel" she cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling, in the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered clothes, look. ing indeed like wild beasts, made their ap. pearance. Each of them carried a stout stick in his hand. "Can we do anything to serve you,mum?" asked one of them, ducking his head with mock civility. She controlled her terror, and answered: . "I have lost my way, sir. If yon guide me to the road, you will earn my thanks." "When one gets lost in the bush," said the spokesman of the two, "it's a matter of life and death. lThanVs is well enough. "But it's worth money to find the trail again." "I'll pay you liberally,' said Carmeline, inoautiousEy. "She's got money," said the~rst rufllasn to his companion. The other winked. "Well, mum, I'm agreeable to act as guide," said the man. "Follow us, my charmer. We know the bush. This way." They broke a way for Carmeline throngh the dense undergrowth. But they led her such a distance thst shebecamealarmed; she know the r.a'l could not be so far off, and when they had reached a beaten track she "Does not this path lead to the main road ?' she asked. "Yes'um. Turn to the right and you will soon strike it,' answered the man she had addressed. We'd go with you, but me, and my pal has retired from public life and never show ourselves to our contemporaries." "I will now pay you for your serviCc,,"said Crmesliue. " Yes'um. The regular fee for guidin' a bindividual out of the bush is two pounds." " Two pounds I" "Two pounds, mum, regular, But when a lady's in the case, we deducks half on it. IBand hover one pound mum, if you please." " Unfortunately all Carmeline's money was together, and she had to produce her little roll of notes. " Seeing is having 1" shouted the foremost roisn, and he snatched the treasure out of her hand. Not heeding her piteouscry,the two villiane sprang into the bouosh. To turn to the right and fly along the path with the speed of the fawn was Carmeline's instant action. But to her horror, at a turn of the path the ruffians again confronted her. '"Halt I" cried the man who had done all the talking, brandishing his club. "You are our lawlul prize." C?rmeline shrieked aloud for help, though well aware of the hopelessness of human aid. " Give her a rap over the knowledge.box," said the second ruffian. "All right," replied his comrade, and a terrible blow laid her senseless on the ground. " I swer,"said the assailant, as he stooped to lift her, "I believe I've killed her I" " Hark I" cried his comrade, lifting a warn. ingfinger. " The gallop of a horse I We're lost I" The other villain dropped the lifeless girl, and, following the lead of his accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which they'writhcd their way like serpents. It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape just before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his back, came thundering up the forest path. At eight of the stunned and bleeding woman he threw his horse on his haunches by a pull at tho powerful curb and flung him. self from the saddle. The trained animal :toed like a statue. "More of thres villains' bloody work !" said the horseman as he bent over Carme!i"e. "Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved." He ran to a brook, dipped up some water in the crown of his soft hat, hastened back, and bathed the face of the unfortunate woman. She muttered some incoherent words, opceed and shut her eyes. When le raised her from the ground, she strugg'ed with him a moment, and then her museles relaxed. Carefully raising her, hae mounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as if she had becn a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struck into a gentle canter. Two or three miles of riding on the velvet turf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a utockade fence, up a gentle slope, along an avenua of acacias, to a rude but comfortable farm-house, with out-lying buildings scattered round. There was an of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it be. longed to a recent settler. A hearty old lady came to the door to wel come him, but turned pale and held up her hands when she beheld his strange burden a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathed in blood. "Mother," said the horseman, solemnly, "behold your charge I" "Who has done this cruel thing?" asked the old lady, as she received Csrmeline into her arms. "Who but the bushrangers ? But these vermin shall be hunted from the face of the earth I" CHAPTER XII. Two HEARTS. When Carmeline once more opened her eyes to the light of day and of reason, she found herself lying in a comfortable bed, round which mosquito curtains were carefully drawn, in a plainly furnished room. The sun was up. She had overslept her. self. It was high time to rise. But, to her surprise, she found herself unable to get out of bed. Then she glanced at her arms; they were all wasted away. She passed her hands feebly over her face; that, too, was thin and hollow. " What has happened to me ? Where am I ?" she cried aloud in terror. "You are safe, among friends," said e kindly voice, as an elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bedside. Clrmeline pasecd her hand over her ore-. head. "I remember," she muttered, " somethin. terrible. I remember being attacked by bu,l rangers in the forest. Who brought me here? How long have I been here 1 Is this place Ballarat ?" " Ply dear child, you must keep quiet. Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a settle ment of shanties and tents. You are in a farm-house. My son found you, stunned and bleeding, and brought you here. This is my house. My name is Mrs. Carter." "But how long have I been here ?" "Three weeks to-day." "And I have known nothing all that time I" " You have been very ill, and out of your head. But last night was the crisis of your illness. The doctor said that if you passed a quiet night and awoke rational, he would guarantee your recovery." " My dear madame, I owe you my life." " You owe it to One who heard your cry for help and directed my son to your rescue," replied Mrs. Carter, solemnly. "But of this we will speak hereafter--not now. Take this." The good woman held a cup to time pale lips of the sufferer, who drank the contents. Then, sinking back on her pillow, she closed her eyes in a slumber as sweet and peaceful as an infant's Dr. Ieverley had judged the patient's cace rightly. From this day she began to mend rapidly, and in a week more was able to leave the room and go about the house. The good woman who had taken such motherly care of her was repaid for all her watching and nursing when she saw her charge seated in an arm-chair at the window of the little parlor on the first floor, with a clear light in her beautiful eyes, a faint emile on her lips, and a faint tingo of roe-color on her velvet cheoks. "My son will soon be here to pay his respects to you," she said. "There it his step I I should know it among a thou sand." The door opened; a manly form entered. "Carmeline I" "Mr. Meredith i" Sfch were their mutual exclamations. Yes, Carmeline was beneath the roof of her old lover. He, whom she had rejected for a worthless rival, had saved her life in the forest; his mother bad saved her life in the farm-house. Meredith had not recognised her when he rescued her, because her face was then bathed with blood from her wound, and he had not seen her from the moment be had Biven her binto his mother's Ocharge till now. The old lady was a second time a widow, hence her name, Carter, had pre. vented the invalid guessing at the truth. Both were greatly agitated, and it was some time before they could speak calmly. Meredith noticed the black ribbons on Carmeline's dress-she had not had an op portunity of providing a tall suit of mourn ing-and said : a You have lost a friend?" "My hujband," she said averting her face. " Por thling I So young to be a widow I" rmid Mrs. Carter. Carmeline glanced up at Meredith. It was an rppealing look, and he understood it. She did not wish to reveal her painful story. lie gave her to understand by a rapid gesture that he comprehended her and would respect her wishes. " How strange that you should have known Mra.-- mean this lady," said Mrs. Carter. " I beg your pardon, but you know I never asked your name, my dear." " Vernon," said Carmeline, casting down her eyes. "Yes, I was acquainted with Mrs. Vernon in England," said Meredith; "and I am very happy to have been of service to her. But now you must excuse me, madam," he added, addressing Carmeline. "I lead avery busy life, and I have a thousand matters to attend to." liHad he remained another moment in the room he would have betrayed himself. He had need ol'being alone to commune with his own thoughts. Carmeline beneath his roif, and a widow I Mrs. Carter was untiring in the praise of her son. The good lady lhad now secured a listener, and she ran on for an hour on her favorite theme. Sho told how successful Mlerk had bca, how lucky he had been at the gold diseoings, how fortunate in his land ppeculaticns, how well his cattle had turned out. He was always a good son, she Eaid, and an hwinst, stealy man, and Providence had blessed him beyond his wildest hopes. Carmeline listened with mingled pleasure and pain. She rejoiced at Meredith's neccess, but she regretted that she was a temporary inmate oi his haute. IIad it been a stran. ger's, she would have been glad to remain in his employ contented with retirement and hnard work. Baut her former relations with the master forbade her continuing in his family. - She resolved, so soon as she had gained a little strength, to leave Meredith's Hope, as he had prettily named his ecttle ment, and to seek other shelter. In the meantime she communicated with the Joneses, announcing her safety and her in tention of joining them at Ballarat as soon as possible, requesting them to advance her a small sumof money-for she was now penni less-to pay her travelling expenses. The letter remained unanswered. Daring the delay she made herself useful about the house, and so endeared herself to Mfr.. Carter, by harresignation,industry, and dexterity, that the old lady came to love her like a child. Of course Carmeline was thrown continually into the society of Mark, who wee always courteous, but grave and unim. passicned. It was evident that the old love had died out; as for herself, her own heart, as she thought, was dead within her. At last the long-expected letter from the Joneaea reached her, having an enclosure of money. They were pleased at the prospect of her joining them. She communicated the iotelligence to Mrs. Carter, and announced lher purpose of leaving Meredith's Hope for Ilollarat at once. Mrs. Carter was thunderstreck. " Why, my dear, I never dreamed of you leaving us " she said, and the old lady began to ery. "yI am tiread of eating the bread of idle ness," said Carmeline. " Idleness I Don't talk such staff as that. Money couldn't pay for the help you've been to me. And then, I thought you'd began to like me a little." "Like yonu a little I You have been a mother to me. From the first moment I opened my eyes on your dear face, my heart went out to you. Dear, dear Mrs Carter, I loved you," and poor Carmeline burst into' tears. " Then why won't you stay and comfort the old lady ? What are these Jonrnes to you ? Are they relatives ?" "They were very kind to me on the voyage." "And haven't I been? But this will be news for my eon; I must tell him of it." "Say then, dear madam, that my resola tion is irrevocable." The old lady bustled out of the room and did not return to it. In a few moments the door opened and Mark Meredith stood besieio her. He was even graver than usual. " My mother tells me, Mrs. Vernon, that you have decided to leave us, and is almost broken-hearted about it. I had hoped that you would remain as her companion, and that we had suceceded in making you com fortable here." " Mr. Meredith," answered Carmeline, trying to imitate a calmness, " the most tranquil and comfortable days of my life have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I own you more than shelter, I owe you my life, and when I am far away from here, night and morning will I pray on bended knees that the choicest blessings of heaven descend in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hope." "Meredith's Hopel Meredith's Dasola tion, rather, when you have left us I" cried Mark. All his stoicism vanished. " Carme linel Carmelinel you are the cruelest of women. Do you think a man who once loves can ever forget? Do you think I can forget the poor little barefooted girl who tended sheep on Overton Common I Do you thinkI can forget the beautiful woman who touched my heart as no woman ever did before or ever can again? You could not love me then, but I did think that the bitter experience of life had changed your heart. Was it not Providence that reunited nos after a long separation?-I still adoring, you once more free to listen to me? Carmeline, while you were another's I could still the beatings of my heart, could find in toil an anodyne to agony, but now I now I there is nothing bide me be silent, nothing bids me refrain from declaring my undying love. Carmelinel I Carmeline Agiain l ask you tobe my wife?" "I am penniless, and you are rich." "Had I all the gold in Australia, I should be poor without your love; with it in poverty I should be wealthy.", Carmeline pressed oher hand to her heart, and leaned against the window.frame for support. Meredith sprang to her side; he took her hand; he drew her to him; her head dropped on his shoulder. Hiding her face, she fal! teed out: "Oh, Mark, I love youl How I lovo you I" Then, by a sudden transition, she pushed him away from her, raised her head, dried her streaming eyes, and then said: "Yes, Mark, I love you-love yon dearly so dearly that I can never be your wife." Mark Meredith fell from raptnre to des pair. i"Why-why 1" he asked, in a tone of the bitterest agony. " ?ecuesre I ale a eonvict's oidolo." " Wll you permit your misfortune to stand in the way of my happinesen" asked Meredith. "Hear me, Mark," said Carmeline, and she now spoke quite calmly; "I have asked you to conceal my story from your mother, and you hlave done so. Now go to her and tell her nil." "Ds not ask me to do that." - " Tou see that I was right. But if yon do not tell her, I will. Mark, listen to your mother; she will tell you that I knew my duty; she will console yenou when we arme paq;ted forever." (Te e? colltinued.)}