MA CHAPTER XIV. THE heat of the preceding week had been very great, and grey columns had appeared above the distant hills. None of the party had seen a large bush fire, and though, during the last two days, the smoke had approached nearer, and hung in deep, fog- like masses over tho country, it was too far off to cause uneasiness in inexperienced minds, especially as the wind was in a contrary direction. Probably, had Bolt not been in love, beset with jealousy and sadness, and occupied by fighting his spirit, he would have noticed that the wind had changed, and that it was beginning to blow from the quarter where the smoke lay. It was not, however, till the freshening breeze bore into the cottage, carrying thé pungent smell of burning gum, that any thought of danger occurred to him, and then he only felt anxious about the cattle and sheep in the far paddocks. He rose hastily and dressed, and ran to rouse the two station hands they kept. One only was there-a young Australian, who was but a learner; He was already up, and as tbe manager went in, said: 'Bentley's rode off to the far paddocks, sir. He's a bit anxious, and he told me to ask you to follow.' They rushed to the yards with saddle and bridle, caught their horses, and rode towards the light. There the smoke was looming thick in thè moonlight,and in the direction of the far paddocks a bright glare waved and waned over the trees, while golden showers of burning leaves streamed upwards in the breeze. ' Call Mr. Dale at once,' shouted Bolt, as he rode away. « Hallo, what's the matter ? ' It was Bob's voice. ' Bush fire-come and help-or perhaps you'd rather stop with- at home.' It was Bolt's first and last show of bitter- ness. ' Stop ! not I. Where are you going ? ' ' To the far paddocks.' ' I'll follow-goon.' He went back, caught his horse, saddled it, and mounted. ' There's no possible danger to her. I should like to tell her not to be nervous, though. How bright the glare is ; she will be frightened. I must try and see her for a moment.' He rode round to the side of the house where her rooms were, but there was no light, and just as he reached the verandah Dale came out from his room. ' That you, Bob ? ' ? 'Yes.' . ' What on earth are you there for ? ' ' Oh, well, I only rode round to tell-to say-that no one need be frightened.' ' Thank you, old fellow. You are off to the paddocks, then. So am I, wait a minute.' Here Dick brought up Dale's horse, and the next moment Rhoda's voice asked from her window : ' Whatever is the matter, Dale ? ' ' Only a bush firè near our furthest clearing, and we're going out. Dink will be at home.' ' You need not be nervous, Miss Ventnor. We ra ay h ave to beat the fire out, or burn the grass before it, that's all.' * Are you - %/ going too ? ' asked Rhoda ; * surely it is serious if you all gol' * We don't know, only '-he went closer to her verandah \\* I wanted to say that nothing harm you if I can help it.' * It is very kind of you,' she answered, half-cönstrainedly ; ' but it must be dan- gerous for you, surely, and the others.' She added quickly : ' You must take care, all of you. Good-bye.' ' Come, Bob. I've had to allay all sorts of fears in my wife's apprehensive soul. We may be wanted-come on.' Casting a wistful glance at the window of all windows, Bob joined Dale, and they galloped towards the jeopardised burning paddocks. Both were silent-Dale in apprehension of burnt fencing, and his companion absorbed in an analysis of Rhoda's word« and tone. Muttering as usual, he repeated her words, whispering to himself. * T fancy ehe did think of me first, and she was very tender in her manner. But bosh ! she would be to any fellow who was running some risk. I must either go away again, or go right through with it, and bear my certain disappointment. She makes one think she likes one, and then she acts just in the same pretty way to a shepherd ; or much the same, anyhow. I'll have a shot, though, soon.' This latter was said aloud. * Can't hear what you say,' Dale called out. ' Something about a shot.' * I was thinking aloud then. By George, that looks angry.' ' It means great loss in fencing, I fear.' They were nearing the fences of the far paddocks The slip-rails were down, and they rode hard through them to the furthest boundary of the cleared land. By that time the smoke had become so dense that all eyes stung and streamed, while lips and tongues seemed baked and parched. The roar of the fire could now be heard like the distant sound of Niagara-a sound more awe-inspiring, indeed, than the crash and swirl of the waters, inasmuch as the present was an all-devouring element, and almost as resistless. Both men now recognised the strength of the enemy they had to deal with. The seething of the advancing flames became loxtder every moment, and as the horsemen reached Bolt, who was manfully trying to cut down brushwood and small trees, aided by the station hand, and by a selector and his son-neighbours of the Ventnors-it became evident to each one that their case, so far as. saving the fencing, was hopeless. * It's no use' said Bolt, looking up at Dale ; ' a hundred men would be wanted here. This fire will jump the cleared patch beyond the boundary, Digbeth says. We hoped to have cleared a mile, and stop its course, but it is too close.' Too close it was indeed, for like a whirl- wind the fire was rolling towards them. Digbeth, the selector, violently waved the party back, and as he did so the fiâmes scoured over the undergrowth, and seized upon the trees. Resting for a few moments, it seemed to gather new strength, and as if by a miracle, it leaped across the cleared path. 'Ride, hard' shouted the selector, 'and beckoning to the others, he set spurs to his horse , and dashed away for the slip-rails; At a gallop they outstripped the flames, which, driven by a southerly wind, flared up the stems, and sprang from tree to tree, the terrified cattle and sheep fleeing. When the men reached the home fences, they found the selector's sons burning off the grass outside in hopes of forming a bare ring. But it was too late ; the torrent was too fierce for human power to stem. In vain all tried to beat it out with boughs, working like demons among the flames, with faces blackened and scorched; blinded with smoke and parched with thirst. From the thickest of it all, Dale thanked his helpers with * bravo lads, I shan't for- get this.' There was the dry bed of the creek, perhaps they could check the enemy there. They were about to hasten to the bank, when Bolt/turning his eyes in the direction of the homestead, led so to do, may be, by its holding the one woman in the world he loved, saw with piercing appre- hension that the fire had made round the bush behind the paddocks, and was work- ing its hideous way towards the home. Rushing to hiB horse, he leapt into the saddle, dashed up to Bob, who was nearest to him, and shouted, * The fire's nearing the house, tell Mr. Dale.' In a moment Bob was mounted too, and never waiting to tell Dale, raced after Bolt at steeplechase speed. A better rider,and as well mounted, he overtook him as they approached the fence of the paddock near the house. They had taken a bee-line and did not swerve from it. Lord Robert thought nothing of the fence, and had no feeling of rivalry in taking it, but Bolt, who had jumped but little, though a fear- less horseman, felt a sensation of bitterness arise as they drew near, and muttered loud enough for his Geneva to hear, 4 He shan't go over alone.' Both landed at the same moment, Bolt giving-a triumphant exclamation, which was wholly lost on his absorbed companion. A few hundred yards more and they reached the house, not a moment too soon, for the lurid glare of the burning forest was rapidly becoming brighter as the fire advanced, and already some'of the trees outside the stable paddock were seen to be on fire. Rhoda came hurriedly out to meet them. 4 Oh, how thankful I am you have come,1 she cried,4 we are. getting what we can away. Lucy and Sarah and the baby are down the garden in the summer- house. Dick and I have been saving a lot of things as far as we can, for Dyke is here, and tells us the house may catch.' * Miss Rhoda, you must leave it to us, now,' said Bolt, who had swung himself from his horse, and was, during this narration, leading the panting animal to a verandah post. * Indeed, I shall not,' replied she ; 4 I am quite strong enough to help.' Lord Robert had half stopped when Rhoda came out, but as she spoke to Bolt he, with a half regret that she hadn't said something to him individually, rode rapidly round to the back of the cottage towards the advancing fire. Here an odd old fellow accosted him. * Hi, Mister-get off-osses and bush fires is antagonous can't stop the flames-save the women's things.' 4 Can't we beat it down, or light the grass in front of it ? ' ' No grass there to catch. How many's we? If you're fifty-yes, but I don't see 'em about. Hitch your hand on to this.' * But isn't the house safe,' asked the Englishman, as he hitched his hand on to Lucy's travelling trunk. 'Cinders in Amerikky flies a mile. Australia ain't so grand ; give her cinders half. . What's the house then ? One of them cinders.-Now then hi-ee,' and they lifted the trunk into the dray which Dyke had brought round. Dale and Bentley, with two other shepherds, now came up. Dyke explained, in a few jerky sentences, his fears. Dalo's face had worn a pained expres- sion as he reached home ; he could not tell what his loss might be ; the cattle and sheep might save themselves, but the fencing, which had taken most of his remaining capital, was, he knew, to a great extent doomed. Further away, at the back of the homestead, was a large piece of country, in which both cattle and sheep were fattened. How . these had fared, he could not tell, it depended upon the depth of the fire in that quarter. He had borne the certainty of his loss up to the present with stern firmness, but now that an old bushman like Dyke considered that the house itself was in imminent danger, he seemed to be knocked over. 'Dyke' he said, 'it will break my heart to see the place go, to say nothing of . more certain loss. We have done so much.' 'Now sir, face the enemy-git to work that'll cure the dumps. First move the women down below the creek, the lawn will stop the fire, and that bit of plain beyond can't catch. Look alive and be cheerful whether ye feel it or no.' Dale hurried off. ' Got a tent ?' shouted Dyke. 'Yes.' ' Save it, if you burns for it-get every stitch of canvas you can--git your beddin' -git your mattiri'-here's the dray.' Dale called one of the men, and they hurried to the store-room, where a tent was housed. .' Go with 'em' said Dyke to Lord Robert. With perfect obedience he darted after them, arid as he went, he saw a figure overwhelmed with bedding struggling towards the dray. ' I'll help you, my good fellow,' he called out, and ran up. ' I can manage, thank you,' said a suffo- cated voice under the bundle. ' Miss Ventnor, give it all to me. Oh Rhoda, why don't you go to Mrs. Dale.' 41 can't let go, take some of the outside pieces hanging down.' Lord Robert caught hold of what he ? thought was blankets only, but he found they covered a mattress which Rhod<* was bearing on her head. Thrusting himself under it all, he took the burden on to his broad shoulders, but Rhoda held on as they both made for the dray. 4 When I say ' hep" ' said she, ' lift up high-hep,' and they lodged the whole upon the dray side, then, as they bundled the things in, turned to each other. She, breathless with exertion, the warm colour glowing on her cheeks, and ej'es bright with excitement and purpose. ^ 4 A true little Briton. What a wife for any man,' passed through his mind as he looked down upon her with chivalrous admiration as she stood panting, the sunny dishevelled hair tossed around her face, touched with the glow of the fire-light. He did not want her to go, but thought it right to remonstrate, saying gently, ' You must go to Mrs. Dale. Leave all to us.' 4 No, come back quickly, there are a lot of things to save. I know where to find them better than you men.' ? Like boy and girl they ran off together, meeting the others bearing more bedding. On they ran. ' Is there nothing of yours ? Let me get anything you want.' ' I've taken one bundle, that's enough.' ' Jewellery, books, have you got them ? ' ' No, only cloaks and shawls, and some necessaries. Don't, pray don't try to get anything else.' Dyke's voice was now heard above the roaring of the advancing fire. ' Hi, mister, get yer dray off. Go to your missus, I'll foller. It's all up, get on.' ' Rhoda, you must go too ; it may be too late. I'll take you and come back,' and he took her hand. i No, you shall not come back.' . 1 My darling;. my darling !' arid he in a moment had drawn her to' him, and kissed her. . All was so hurried, for what I . have made to cover lines upon lines of writing, took far less tinie in the acting, that Rhoda hadn't time even to draw back, if she wished it, but she didn't, I know. All she said was simply, « We mustn't wait, we must go together.' Then I struck. I struck selfishly, per- haps, for I wanted to say good-bye to my darling sunlight and her lover too. At first, when I knew what it was, I, as any clock, or man for the matter of that, felt a sensation of fear. But how much more is a Royal Pendulum excusable for fear in such a case than is a man. Here I was stuck, just stuck to burn slowly, may be, to death. I never expected to be saved, as I am a terrible lump to move. As I intoned my mournful notes, my key holes were bent with a lingering last gaze upon Rhoda's face, for the moment so full ' " Rhoda, I shall force you away, if you don't go,11 said Dale, sternly, and looking like a naughty child she came after us, casting her lovely eyes back to the cottage, with anxious looks which went to my heart.' of quiet joy amid all the anxiety and terror of the time. She had drawn back blush- ing as she spoke those few matter-of-fact words, and did not look at Bob as she spoke. Now, however, she suddenly turned to him, and hastily cried, 1 Oh, there's dear old Pendulum, he must be saved. What are we to do ? * ' Do ? I'll save him,' answered he. ' But not till you are safe,' and he put his arm round her, and drew her quickly towards the door. Then, even in my awful position of await- ing certain death, hardly daring to hope that Lord Robert would be able to get my bulky carcass away, I could but notice the short, old, old story scene that there occurred ; Rhoda's face, full of love, was turned up to his, her hand was pressed .upon his arm. ' Nothing shall make me leave you now, nothing in the whole world. We'll save him together. I will stop,' and darting from him to me, she opened my case, and rapidly removed my pendulum. ' Take off the weights,' she cried, «and then remove his head-piece, put it outside, and ther take his works.. . Lord Robert obeyed her with a'uch ¿trength. abd quickness that I ' was thoroughly faint with my' dis- organisation. ' , He and Rhoda bore my head-piece between them, and rushed back for what really .is me. It' wás a fearful moment for me, fearful. I knew neither Rhoda nor Robert understood ;a twopenny button about clocks, and that their very affection in trying to save me mighti be the cause of à fractured pallet or pinion, or auch' a dislocation that would cripple me for life. I knew ho one about this antipodal part could mend me. I never thought Rhoda was so strong. She and Lord Robert, each mounted on a chair, lifted my clock-head down from my pedestal, and at once hurried me out on to the verandah. This was all very well, but how was I to escape from there, and how about my dear old oak case. This all passed before me as I was carried out, but it was nothing to my apprehension that the two devoted young people might loee their lives in trying tojsave mine. The pungent smoke from the burning gums was now rolling around us, and I could hear the crackling of the fire as it caught some new victim. Bob, with set face, and lips compressed, once again urged, her to leave. ' Rhoda, you shall go ! ' ' Never, never, come back and try to get his case.' I was now half mad with terror, but all to pieces as I was, I could not make one sound to call them back. What was my peril in comparison with Rhoda's life, or some lasting injury to her. My pendulum and weights were, though near me, utterly useless ; my hands could not move, and if they could have done so, were not strong enough to lift any one of them. Besides, I could not ' go,' squatted down like a dump- ling of a horrid Yankee brass day-scraper sporting his alarm, and glaring with his horrid lacquer and obtrusively black figures. I require a pedestal to begin with, and then my case on top, giving me that proper . carriage and dignity to which we pendulums are, by long descent, entitled. I couldn't tick out my wishes, commands they would have been,, nor,- could I strike them, , and thus ' -had "' to remain ' bursting with, anguish.' I could hear Rhoda say, ' If only you can get it down '.flat, I can takö one end.' And Bob rejoined almost .fiercely, ' If.I see it is necessary I shall, carry you away.' Then came the noise of my home-life case being moved, and not very tenderly either ; then a denser burst of smoke enveloped the cottage and me. I heard quick foot- steps by me, Bob's and Rhoda's; and her sad tones as she said, ' I shall feel as if one of ; the family were dead.' Then I knew that my case,' with its opulence of carving and decoration, such as could never again be executed-for I was among the last of the antique school, and a complete specimen of it, case and all-I knew that myxoid protecting body must go. I was so deeply absorbed in my selfish reflections that all that could shiver and vibrate in me did so with a g^iant jingle, and my bell rang with a start at the sharp staccato tones of Dyke's voice ringing through the smoke. ' Hi, hi, young 'ooman and young man, where be ye ? ' Then Rhoda's voice, « Here we are.' ' Where you've no business ; come out. Bush fires ain't in grates. Young man's lost his head.' Then Rhoda again, ' Leave the case and come.' . Then Bob, coughing and suffocating, ' Take the weights if you can, I'll bring his head-piece.' I was suddenly lifted with a swing that made me sick, and set me ringing all over again, and was borne along the verandah on a manly shoulder. . Rhoda having lifted my weights, and tottering - on with them, was met by Dyke. * Now, Miss, quick ! ' ' I can't be quick, I must save these. ' * Them irons ? Lord-crazy 1 come.' ' Rhoda, carry them as far as you can, and then drop them. I'll find them,' called out Robert. At this moment, Dale and one of his men tore up. 4 Rhoda, what's all this? You'll be burnt alive. What on earth are you doing ? ' ' Saving old Pendulum, but Bob has gone , back into, the smoke to get the case. - He'll be killed, do go to.him.' , . I gaye a silent sob, and never shall I cease my deepest regret that I couldn't ' tick my immense gratitude arid love to her. ' \\ ,, Dyke here gasped. . v( 7 ; ' They's in love. Here Dick, ;táké this »ere--put him safe. They two want him,' , Again I was turned about arid jolted. This time worse than ever, and as I was borrie away, Dale turned to Rhoda-he saw it all ; how she and Bob had somehow and somewhere just then come together as love could only bring them, and that she would riot leave him in his risk of life. ' Rhoda, dear, go with Dick, Bob will take care of himself for your sake. I'll go to him.! 'But he's gone into the house for the case, and won't see the fire. Dale, he mustn't be hurt j let me stop.' '..Rhoda, I shall force you away, if you don't go' said Dale, sternly, and looking like a naughty child she cairne af ter us, casting her lovely eyes hack to the cottage, with anxious looks which went to my heart. I knew no more till some time after- wards, when Double Case related to me, in his rather impotuous way, what happened. ' When Lord Robert went back, I felt all was up, Pendulum. I didn't mind what I did for you-as an old friend I'd even haye risked my life if I could have saved you, and would have borne a scorching to get your case ("Thank you, old fellow," I ticked), but I thought it was all hopeless. And it was not only my life, but that of my dearest master, that was being risked. He sprang into the room, now full, of that bitter smoke, and went straight for your old case. It was heavier than he thought, and he strained his muscles to that extent that I felt them stand out against me like cords. I ticked to him as loud as I could to leave it-and I can tick loud, can't I, Pendulum ? ' (" Humph ! answered I, not liking to say more). * But it was of no use-men won't take advice when they are in love. (" Nor out of it," I put in.) Just so,' continued Double Case ; ' but if they'd half our experience of other men and women they would, eh ? ' « " Half, my boy ? One hundredth part ! " I loudly rang. " But go on." * Well, he got your case over, and then, getting his shoulders and back under it, he gradually lifted it up. I thought we ?Were löst, for thé smoke' was making Lord" Robert cough and breathe hard, ánd I was stufe that in ' another minute Ï should either be as flat as a dial, or pressed. Into 'my 'master's body. ' We staggered to the door, and then that funny, sharp, querulous old voice came to my ears, as the melody of a choir of angel-chiniiñg clocks. ' *' Hi 1 mister, where are you ? Hi ! " ' ' " Here," spluttered poor Lord Robert ; and of course, Pendulum, I ticked my loudest, and he heard one pf hs.' Poor Double Case ! . He always measured his own tick by the sound to his own éars. I only answered ' Humph ! nothiag unkind in that.' ' Anyhow, he hurried'up,'and caught .'hold of the case. ' " Git out of it-take one end-I'll take t'other. Mister, love and the fire is goin' opposite ways-tiré'll win. Then where's Miss Rhoda?" ' " Have á try, old boy, she wants it." 'During these quick sentences they were bearing the case into the verandah, and had got it out, when Dyke called out, " The kitchen's afire-roasted apples 'll be live chickens to what we shall be if we stop eh, Mister?" '." Leave it to me alone, then," said Lord Robert ; " I intend to save it. There's nothing to catch down below. , I mean to drag old Pendulum's body.as far as I can." 4 44 It'll be your death lad, then." After a second or two, in which, all hands were rushing hither and thither, dragging out and saving what they could in the last hot moments, and the old case was being hauled along, Dyke ejaculated : " Darn them new chums-shan't leave ye, though. Made of ironbark, these British toffs broken thighs or burnin' 's all the same to them." ' A hotter blast than ever swept across the house, and the old man added in serious tones : " Mister, her loves ye you're cast iron brave, but it won't save you for her. Come away;-the cottage has caught." . 4 44 The tank ! the tank ! " shouted Lord Robert. They were .close to it j a large underground one witn à wooden covering, having a lid or manhole. " Let us put him in there and run for it." '" He, he ! " chuckled Dyke, for even in that moment of extreme danger his odd humour came uppermost. " Love, fire, and water, all of a hurly-burly." ' .