CHAPTER VIII. WARBURTON had been forestalled. One of the campkeepers had, on hearing of the accident, ridden direct to Dyke's house, and Warburton met his man, Dyke, a mile away, hurrying to the spot. The moon had risen and helped" them oil their way, and their pace was a fast one. My friend could not or would not des- cribe the setting business. He only said, « May I never be in the pocket of a man with a broken thigh again ; it's like being in a bottle of leeches. All I can remember is the quivering of the whole body as the leg was being set. I'd- rather ride on a snake any day. From the kindly tones of the big voices,however, and the gentleness and care with which he was raised, I just form this opinion : that strong men are the tenderest, and that of all beings the Aus- tralian bushman is the kindest fellow in the world.' Dale, after the operation of setting, was allowed to lie quiet for some minutes, and then he was raised, with as much care as if he had been a soap bubble, on to a stretcher made of saplings with a ham- mock slung over them, 1 The head's noth- ing,' Dyke had said, ' only a baddish kick-get all right in a few days. Leg's bad though. May be lame-don't know yet ; can't help it if he is. "Would ye like to see a professional butcher, lad,-a toff marrow torturer and prize mangler ?' ' Not I,' answered Dale, ' I'm much more comfortable now.' 'No you ain't. You're just an ounce and a-half more comfortable, not a straw, more. You're che win' the groans as they come up and swallerin' 'em-and you're a trump. Wish all new chums was like you.' The injured man had not quite recovered from the head injury, so he had not considered how it was that so many men were at hand ; but now he feebly asked Bolt who all these people were, and was told that they had been driving some 800 cattle along More's Line, that they had camped at the usual place near the turn-off, when the herd broke, and before they could head them, had got away and charged down the bush ; that their party consisted in all of some twenty men, and that he would spare a dozen if it was necessary to take Dale home. 'All we've got to do is to work a bit longer till the others come back,' added Warburton, cheerily." Dale thanked him again and again. It was ultimately arranged that six mer and Dyke should accompany the sufferer tc the homestead, some five miles off. Warburton went up to Dale and said t( Mm : 4 Look here, I feel a beast not to pm you into your own humpy to-night, lad : out I've done second best-I've given, yoi good men to do it, and Dyke here is . wort! a dozen of me. We've got these blessec cattle to look after, and I just can't leave em; no, not if it was Her Majesty's rnosi excellent thigh that was broke instead o: yours. But I'll come over to you somehov 8o°n. I say^' he, continued, in lowe: voice, < I like that friend of yours. H< don't think too much of himself; and cai tie a good knot, and h e ' s a s handy as a sailor. I could make him a bush- man in no time. Good-bye.' And he toole the hand Dale gave him, but with eminent consideration did not shake it, lest he should give pain. A few more words to his men, and he was off. 4 Our cavalcade,' said Bolt, afterwards, * resembled that of soldiers bearing from the field a wounded knight. Four strong fellows took up the stretcher, and at Dyke's word of command started slowly, in step, while the two others rode, ahead with lanterns. Old Dyke walked on one side of his " oak sapling," as he called Dale, every now and then putting his thumb on the pulse in his own particular manner.' ' I says thumb ; doctors-jigger 'em says fingers. Thumb covers more ground No fossickih' for a weak pulse with thumb.' After a while, Dale, recovering his brain balance, said to Bolt : ' Will you ride on to my poor wife and tell her? Don't say I'm awfully hurt, you know. Put it gently at first.' 'I've been thinking of that,' replied Bolt, 4 and have made up á dozen stories, but none to my satisfaction. I must leave it till I see her, and do it as -veil as l ean. I won't alarm her, take my word for it.' Here ends my old friend's narrative, and I go back to myself. Lucy, during the day, had had much to do. She and Sarah gave themselves up to cleaning the house and putting things in apple-pie order, and in the evening, after seeing her little darling well asleep, Lucy sat down 4 to do a bit of mending.' After a while, the stillness of. the pince and the unwonted absence of her husband seemed to depress her. I noticed her all the time, for what fairer thing can a clock look on than a young matron in all the bloom of youth and hopefulness. She stopped once or twice from her stitching and seemed to listen, then buckled to it again with an evident determination to be brave. Atlast she rose suddenly and said aloud to her- self, ' Oh, how foolish I am ! why do I feel so anxious ? Bolt is with him.' And then she half sung, half whispered, to her sleeping baby, Father will come to his babe in the nest. 4 Must sit up, however,' she murmured. 41 wish baby would wake and cry, or Sarah would have a toothache or nightmare, or something violent. , He shall never, never go away like this again, never.' Then once more she sat down to her mending, her fingers attacking. the work with such vigour as showed me that the brave little woman was forcing back her fears and trying to keep herself under control. How every bit of wood and metal about me ached for her. I tried in every tick to comfort her, and as I at last:struck, I . did so as hopefully and cheerfully as I could. Bat, you know, we old clocks are sonorous and grand in our language, and while we can and do throw all sorts of emotion into our sounds, we are, I am free to confess, unable to do the merry jingle the modern clocks have adopted. For myself, I think the fashion odious. Those fast ping, ping, pings, are grossly impudent ; even on a good bell there is a total absence of comfort, respect and the circumstance that should attend the de- claration of the passing time.:. .Life now seems all hurry, and clocks go with the tide, and as soon as that tide goes down never to rise again, so much the better. Yet wre are not cheer- ful, I own, and much as I reprobate the impertinence of the finnicking brass button cutting antics on a singing dish-whose clock knows nothing of life, and is only made to look pretty for a few years and then to lose his varnish, polish, lacquer, ormolu and other washy smartness-much, I say, as I hate these capers, I know they are considered cheerful, and what is 4 con- sidered ' cheerful is so. Yet to her, with Conservative blood in her veins, my voice was understood, for she just put down her work and came up to me. 4 Dear, good old friend,' she said, ' what should I do without you to-night ? You must understand jt all, and I must wind you up, just to. have a hand-shake with you.' I gave all the biggest ticks I knew, and as. she wound me up i put all the sound I could manage into my barrel. 41 wonder if it is the stillness ; I really think you speak louder to-night, and even more affectionately than usual, dear old Pendulum.' I was satisfied. I had impressed her as I intended, and no smart whipper-snapper of Le Roy's could dp that', I'll be sworn. By Gad, sir, I will. As hour after hour passed away our anxiety increased to apprehension. We only knew that the bush was a dismal place at night and that bushrangers were actual living facts. Then there were snakes, bush fires, falling boughs and restive horses, and these make up a fair share of dolefuls to a young new-chum mother and an old new-chum clock. Taking a book, Lucy sat down to try tc read herself quiet. But she could not fol- low the word.s, and the volume fell upon her knees and her hands were pressed tc her forehead. ' When he comes home he shan't see 1 am not the brave Englishwoman he thinks me,' she at length cried. 4 I will meet him quietly and just as if I hadn't had a fear about me ' She had only just finished her plucky sentence when a horse's approach was heard by both of us. 4 Only one,' thought I, with a dip ol pain in my escape wheel. 4 Only one of them,' exclaimed Lucy, anc she rushed to the door. Bolt had come up 4 Where's Dale ? ' was the wife's enquiry in a voice of keen apprehension. 4 He's coming,' I heard Bolt say, anc through the studied cheerfulness of th< voice I recognised a reservation and a sa( one ; I lowered my ticks to all bu silence. I could see them as they stood Lucy turned pale, seized his arm with J grip in which her terror, as Bolt sai< afterwards, was driven to his very soul. . 4 Tell me all at once-I am a strong woman.'. if He . has. had his leg broken by sonn cattle.' 4;And you left him-Oh, Bolt.' ' 4 No, no, only at his urgent request, an< to tell you.' 4 Tell me then, tell me. Is he dying ? ' The strain of her anxiety had unnerve« her. 4 He is not dying, do let me assure you His leg has been set. A mob of cattl charged us in the dark, and he was knocke« over. There are seven good fellows wit! him, and I was the only one who couh come and tell you about it.' The sorrow in which the last word were said melted Lucy's heart. 4 Forgive me, Bolt, forgive me, it is al my love for him.' 4 Don't talk like that,' waB the simpl .answer. * But, Mrs. .Ventnor, you must b collected when he comes, or you will mak him worse. His thigh is broken, and he has been kicked on the head the last wasn't much, but it has knocked him about rather.' Bolt spoke with a sternness I had never known in him before, and the strong mind of the man obtained the mastery. ' You are quite right,' came the humble answer. ' I thought I was stronger. I will show you that lean command myself. I must go and meet him with you. I will go and get a lantern.' He allowed her to go, rightly thinking that it would be wise to let her occupy herself. She returned to find the little band of friends close by, and I heard the poor girl in a firm but cheerful voice say, ' Dale, dar ling > I know all about it. Bolt and I will nurse you and you will soon be all right.' j ' Bravest of little women,' was the reply, and I heard a long kiss. ' How's baby?' ' Very well, and she shall help to get you better. Now don't talk.' Then the men came into the house and I was thundering gladi hadn't to strike just then, as there was a hoarseness in my pin wheel that might have startled them. Lucy turned to the men and with the only tremble in her voice that I heard through the sad scene, said with a smile and a rising colour, her eyes glistening with gratitude, 'May God bless you all, and be near you in any time of trouble.' The men's faces lighted up with deep pleasure, and they all bowed, while old Dyke, with moistened eye, quickly replied, ' Now, mum, not another word, couldn't do less-couldn't let a man lie in the bush-plenty of hands-plenty of muscle-set bone3 lots of times-wants care¿-put him to bed-show me the room.' Lucy led the way to their bedroom. Act- ing upon Dyke's direction, Bolt and two others gradually lifted Dale upon his bed, and by this time Sarah had called away some of the men, as Dale whispered to Lucy, ' Let them have supper.' ' Sarah is getting it, darling boy, I can hear her.' ' Now, mum,' said Dyke, ' I'm goin' to stop. You shall sleep first, I take four hours, you'll take two, Mr. Bolt 'ill take four, and so on. Got any good brandy? Juist one dose now-no more after for a bit-men can go back-I'll have supper then you go to bed.' * Pray let me sit up, I can't-' ' Now, mum, I'm off: if you begin like that-your shook-want sleep-you shan't watch him till you have some-do him harm.' 'Dale's face was in the light, and I could see it through the open door. He was lying in evident suffering with his eyes closed, his cheek pale. But his keen sense of humour attended him yet, and his whole smile, or half of it, brightened his pallid face as he said, ' You'll have to obey, Lucy! He's commanding officer-I feel like a school-boy---' 'Now, mister, just shut up-take this brandy--go to sleep.' ' ^ * * * ' Fees, mum? Bone-setters hasn't no hocus-pocus siandi. That's for them college doctors. They drives about-looks solemn -has flash horses-sports tally phone ear trumpets to listen to your heart and your breathing ; but tell me aa they pipes suck up more sound nor my ear! Fiddle de-dee ! It's looks, mum-looks is mostly what they college doctors starts on-looks and credit. I hain't neither. Iallus says, " What can you afford ? " Now you're startin'-mon ey gone-nothin' much comm' in, 'cept the baby and the dogs. I've been kep' a fortnight-lived 'igh for me-made friends-likes you all-hopes you won't want me agin-say two pound.' * Dyke, no fees could pay you what we owe you, and. I cannot allow--' 'Pardon, mum; debits and credits balances accounts. Once I balance I closes. I've balanced--two pounds 01 nothin'. I shall look ye up this day week. If he's wuss, send over. Thank you mum. Good-bye ! ' And Dyke, - with hil big heart and few words^ rpde off. He not only came that day week, but f every week, ' not as a bone-setter, rhum, but for a 'oliday, and one of your puddin's.' And , the decisive manner in which he asserted this showed Lucy that she must not open another ' debit arid credit.' And once Warburton came-a flying visit, but one which sealed the friendship that had begun on the sad night of , the accident.