CHAPTER XT. A FOOL'S PARADISE. Mrs. Hanbury's fellow passenger, Mr. Santley, took fre- quent trips to Sydney to improve his acquaintance with her, and through that lady's influence became introduced to some of the most important people in the city. The fact of his having money was a passport to him, and his own gentlemanly manner did the rest. He soon was on friendly terms with the Broughtons and Braylieghs, and with his son used to drop into their homes frequently, and was generally well liked. Dr. Godfrey met him also, but he did not favour the popular opinion, but that was nothing, for he never did. " Don't like the fellow," said he to Mrs. Hanbury, "he cannot deceive me, he's acting a part, he hasn't been always the pattern of the good citizen he looks ; shouldn't wonder if he has worn leg irons before now, or that he had forged a bill, or cut a throat. I don't like those smooth-faced men, with their soft voices, and fawning caressing manners, when with them I always feel as if I was playing with a snake, that at any moment might strike me with its deadly fangs. I always breathe freer when out of the presence of the gentleman in question " "Dr. Godfrey," said Mrs. Hanbury, "it does surprise me to hear such sentiments from such a charitable man as you ; poor Mr. Santley ! how little you know him ; he is one of the best of men, and his son such a sweet young man, 1 cannot imagine how you have formed such an opinion of him. What have you seen to make you so unkind ?" "Oh, nothing, T havn't seen the fangs in a tiger snake, but I know they are there, and 1 may not have seen a lion's claws, but I know he has them. And how about yourself, my dear madam ? How are you feeling to-day ? Have you derived any benefit from the new medicine I prescribed ?" For Mrs. Hanbury, under the delusion of her delicate health, had placed herself immediately on her arrival under Doctor Godfrey's care, and was progressing very favourably under a course of bread pills and coloured water. Then ensued a long list of her aches and pains, and dire forebodings as to her soon joining the De Braylieghs who had gone to Heaven, and where she fully expected they would have reserved seats provided for them. So time passed on, the old lady bemoaning her infirmities, but in reality enjoying very good health. During this period, Reggie was becoming more and more fascinated by Agatha, who, with subtle art, flattered and complimented him, and it is very flattering to a young man scarcely beyond boyhood to receive such attentions from a woman somewhat his senior. Every little winning wile she practised, till he was lured on to believe himself in love, and yet it was not love, but the baleful attraction that the snake has for it's victim. Dr. Godfrey was a frequent visitor at Mrs. Hanbury's, for here Mr. Brayliegh found a peaceful refuge from ali. his annoyances, and the two friends would play whist with the old lady and dummy, unless Mr. Santley dropped in as he frequently did, whilst the two young people would beguile the hours at the piano, or chess board, for Agatha was a good player, and had undertaken to teach Reggie chess. Transparent as Reggie was, and openly as he betrayed his sentiments, his father and aunt were blind to what was going on ; but not so the keen sharpwitted doctor, nothing escaped him, and he noted with annoyance the inflnencethe crafty Agatha was acquiring over him ; he mentally com- pared them to the spider and the fly, and resolved to try and demolish the web, and release the poor deluded fly. After one of their evenings together, he said as they rose to depart, " I will walk home with you, Brayliegh." As they trudged along briskly in the keen night air, he said abruptly, " I suppose you approve of this love affair, that is going on under your nose ?" " What do you mean, Godfrey ? I know of no love affair." "Indeed! well, they say love is blind, and I suppose fathers are too, but I know this, if I had a fine handsome son, and a good and clever one to boot, I'd send him to sea, or the gold diggings, or anywhere away, sooner than have him dangling after a goggle-eyed girl, that hasn't even beauty to recommend her," replied Godfrey, hotly. "You don't surely mean Reggie, Godfrey?" said Brayliegh, " I most certainly do not mean anybody else. There he is devoting himself body and soul to so heartless an individual as-as-1 forget the names of them-those people that used to sing to the sailors, and then drown them. That girl knows Reggie is made of the stuff to get .on in the world, and as he may be rich, and most certainly is very handsome, she is very glad to have him captive, but if anyone in thi meantime should turn up, that exceedingly prudent young person would have no more compunction in throwing him over than 1 have in throwing this cigar stump away.' And he suited the action to the word. "Godfrey, you amaze me! I have seen nothing of al this, and Reggie is a mere boy ; you must be mistaken I cannot believe it ; and then, even if it were so, it miglrl not be such a bad thing for Reggie after all. She is of gooc family, and seems a quiet well-disposed girl, and thougl of course it would be some years before they could marry, an early attachment is often a great safeguard to a younj man at the most dangerous period of life ; then again, as t< beauty, you know, Godfrey, or you ought to, beauty has very little to do with wedded happiness." "You make me lose all patience, Brayliegh ; you call her of good family, do you? When her father lived a most disgraceful life, and narrowly escaped being cashiered ; and though he died gloriously, it was the only good action of his life ; whilst her mother, fulfilled neither the duties of wife or mother, and is now living in shame and infamy with that notorious old scoundrel Lord C-1. If that is belonging to a good family, I thank God my father was an honest farmer, who earned enough to give all his children a good education, and who payed his way. And as to quiet, that is just one of the faults I have to find with this young lady of good family-she is a great deal too quiet ; it is not the quietness of repose, but the stealthy stillness of a cat. She always gives ,me the impression of intending to pounce directly, she seems to me to be listening to every word that is said, and as if she were treasuring it against someone for future use. You put a stop to it, my dear fellow, if possible; send the young dog a trip to England, or to one of the other colonies, but don't let that young woman bag him without some attempts to save him. You observe them yourself, and you will see that I have not imagined this, but the danger is real. Good night, Brayliegh, and forgive me if I am a meddlesome old fellow ; but I love the boy, and cannot calmly see him put his bead into a noose." Mr. Brayliegh passed a restless night, and on meeting his son at their place of business, he called him into his office and plunged into the matter at once. Reggie's face and neck were dyed with the eloquent blood that surged over them, but he soon recovered himself, and had he been eight and twenty, instead of eighteen, he could not have defended himself and the object of his affections in a more manly way than he did. " Father, T know you think me a boy," he said, " but I am man enough to love her ; when she tells me of the neglect, poverty, slights, and insults that she has endured, my heart swells with the hope of one day atoning to her by my love and affection for the sorrows of her youth. If her parents have been unworthy, and treated her ill, the more need of someone to be good to her.> If, as some people think, she is wanting in beauty, then the more disinterested my love for her ; if she has no money, so much the better, I will be proud to work for her." And his eyes Bhone, and he drew himself more ere.pt as his thoughts were fired by love and hope ; but as he-saw his beloved father's anxious look and bowed grey head, he altered his tone, tears dimmed his bright dark eyes, and his voice faltered as he said, " Don't tell me not to love her, father, for if you do I must disobey you-she is'Very dear to me." Pity filled his father's heart, for he had great faith in Dr. Godfrey's judgment, and he feared that the object of this tenderly loved son's affection was unworthy of it. So his voice was inexpressibly kind and gentle, as he replied " Reggie, I am deeply grieved to hear this, your happiness is my chief concern ; I forbid nothing, but I must exact a promise from you, you must-enter into no engagement until you reach man's estate, eighteen is "far too-young for any man to enter upon 'a contract that is binding for life-until you are twenty-one you must be free ; if then, 'with more natural judgment, you are still anxious to make Agatha Munroe your wife, I will not oppose it,' pVovided, of course, that the lady is still in the same mind, which I warn you is doubtful." Reggie tossed his dark curls and laughed, as if he had no fear of the result, but three years seemed a long time to look forward to, but hè left his father's presence satisfied that the, old dreaming life might still go on, and hé might drink in happiness from the constant society of his dearly beloved Agatha. ; Dr. Godfrey was far from pleased, as he saw matters still going on in the same old way. He was a man who had strong likes and dislikes, he gëtièrally either hated persons or loved them, and his affection for his godson made him very clear sighted regarding Agatha. ^Naturally'shrewd and observant, he had made a study of her, .and, as he ex- pressed it, he saw pretty plainly her "little game." It was to bind Reggie to her,' whilst she herself should be wholly free to accept a better offer, should it present itself. He made up his mind to appeal to that young lady herself, and see if he could not induce her to release her victim from his present thraldom. With his impulsive temperament, the moment he decided to do anythiug he was red hot for its accomplishment at once, and he thought his patients were never so tiresome as they were on that day. And when he thought himself free at last, other calls were made upoc him, till he was quite in despair. At last he got away, hot. flurried, and cross, and not at all in the humour for £ successful war of wits with such a very astute young womat as Agatha Munroe. It was one of the hottest of hot days of our summer, th< pavements white and hot, not a cloud to dim the lustre o' the intensely bright sun which beat down with cruel force though the orb of day was near setting it did not seem tc abate one iota of its strength, for bush fires were raging some miles from the city, but sufficiently near to greatly add to the heat, whilst the glare from them caused quite ai illumination at night. Weary, but resolute, the doctor reached Mrs. Hanbury'! cottage, and was rather glad than otherwise to find tha kind but troublesome old lady out in spite of the heat, an( was received by Agatha, looking provokingly cool in he fresh muslin dress. She knew by instinct that the old doctor did not like her but it was her policy to seem on good terms with all, an< she greeted him with seeming friendliness, to which he totally unable to dissemble-responded rather gruffly. After a few commonplace remarks, he quickly brought th subject round to Reggie. " What are you doing to that boy of mine, Miss Munroe you don't surely imagine you are going to marry him, d you ?" " Explain yourself, if you please, Dr. Godfrey," sai< Agatha calmly, " at present you are speaking in enigmas nd I never was good at guessing riddles." " I'll explain myself pretty freely, young lady," was hi reply. " You have bewitched that young fool, Reggi Brayliegh, and are leading him a fool's dance. I hav seen his father come to grief, and make shipwreck of hi happiness, and I do not wish to see the son make a lik mistake without an effort for his salvation. It is clear t me that you are fascinating the lad, and if circumstance made it advisable, would marry him, unless some mor advantageous offer should crop up. Now, that boy is th dearest object to me in the world, and if he pleases me i his choice of a wife, will have whatever I may have t leave ; and I must tell you plainly, that his choice wouldu please me if it fell upon you. I have very different hope for him, and should be bitterly grieved if he disappointe them.' His father has a large and expensive family, so th¡ the young fellow will have to make his own way in tl world ; and with no expectations from me, surely a fa seeing, prudent young lady, like yo\\i, will understand that it will be for your own interest to let him see that his infatuation is a vain one. Now, Miss Munroe, give up all claim to Reggie, and if there is any. way in which I can further your views in any other direction I will gladly do so ; or, if money will do it-will five hundred pounds buy him off ; say, is it a bargain ? " And Dr. Godfrey looked up flushed and heated, and, truth to say, rather ashamed of himself, to meet Agatha's calm gaze and stony aspect, evidently as unmoved as a marble statue. Perhaps the prominent eyes had a more steely glitter, and the cruel mouth a straighter line, otherwise there was no change in her ; her voice was as calm and as well modulated as usual, as she answered him. " I have listened to your long speech, apd will now give my answer : As you assume to know my motives and views so well I need not state them. Your hopes, wishes, and disappointments, are nothing to me, and I know of no reason why I should trouble myself about them. You credit me with being basely mercenary ; whether I am or not is no business of yours. I can well understand that my being a portionless orphan is quite sufficient reason for me to patiently submit to insult, misrepresentation, and abuse. Why not address the gentleman in question, instead of me ? Perhaps," with a sneer, " his being a man and able to take his own part, is the cause of my being the r cipient of your friendly anxiety for him. I reject your offer ; attribute it to what motives you please. If you have quite concluded your mission of interference and advice 1 will relieve you of my presence." Poor Dr. Godfrey looked perplexed and angry. To be thought capable of taking advantage of the girl's dependent position was very paiuful, and he hastily said, "Miss Mun- roe, if I thought you a good true woman, one that would prove a loving wife, and would strive to make him as happy as he deserves to be, you might be the daughter of a chimney sweeper, and have nothing but the gown on your back, and I would say nought against it. 1 am the last man in the world to think of such things as family and wealth. It is very painful to me, to be thought capable of anything so unmanly ; tell me before I go that you do not think it." "Good evening Dr. Godfrey, it is a pity to detain yon longer from your patients, or perhaps from some other errand of mercy," said Agatha. As she spoke, Mrs. Hanbury entered; short sighted as she was, she saw that there had been some conversation of an unusual character, and jumped to the conclusion that the doctor had made Agatha au offer. The doctor hurriedly made his greeting and adieu, almost in the lame breath, and escaped, and tore along the street at a furious pace, striking with his stout cane sticks and stones as he came across them, and blamiug himself, aud abusing. Agatha. "I'm an old fool to go meddling in other people's affairs ; past experience might have told me it would do no good, why cannot I be content-old bachelor that I "am-to let the world wag in it's own way? when my hat's on my family is covered, but I must worry myself about that young fool, who will, in spite of me, run his head into a noose, and then fret his heart out to get out of it again. And what a Tar- tar that girl is! quiet as she is to all appearance, she is a vixen, or my name's not John Godfrp.y ; and how she turned the tables on me, and made me feel mean and contemptible. Ah, well !" sighed the good doctor as he subsided into his favourite lounge on his broad verandah, " 1 might just as well have à wife of my own, and a dozen tiresome boys and girls to worry me, as to make myself miserable over the doings of others." But he did not recover his equanimity nor spirits until he had had a night's rest, and in a measure banished Agatha Munroe and her victim from his mind.