The Story of the Ulncks. BY OilARLES WHITE. OHAPTWR X.-TIle Mountn.o oF KE. noI)Y, TIl FaI'LOIIour. ANoTuII end olmptnr in the Il.tory of Australian exploratlon, In which the abnoiqlnes figuro very promilnrn'ly Is thtl relatlng to Ihe oexpeditint ol hb Mtr. Kennedy In 1818, to explore the York Peninsular. T'he story is remarkablo for Its narrallon of nboltainm? tre~chlty nod croelly on the one hand, aid of aboriginal fldelit and herolsm on the1 other. 

 Konnidy waseconiiesilonod by Iho Uo. vernmont to lead n pirty bly Kos un far nb Rooklngham liny, *nd thonc byh lnd to Princei Uhnlothto's OBny Mnd Onpn York. At the very nominoonomoont of tho Jour ney elmnet inseporablo dllonltltio oni frontod the perly. in tlhe lbhare (of wide marrhesl nld lrIIe tlhikblto, tieroBlitAling a five wooeek' dolintion from tlhr route snarked out nid sblltollnin thIleir supply of provisions. While thIlu a'tllteod a more serlouo difiloulty pr'enltied Itellf, The local irlhea of b'acka, who haltd ohb served thle advoet of theo elrliReors lnt their terrllory, muolored in In?vo isnm. bore, and hrniraod lthe parly from dy* light tIll dark on their oilllome maebh, Tlhey were palnltoil annd armd for flght, ind oedditnlry the rxplnrore tundii them* atlres beohig mdo the tnrcot for flyivi spears. Kenniedy railer int ll lserlely it unce soeeotod the ehallerge, nlod ordered his men to noed *nd firs. Fl'ur or fi?e llacks fell bforer tlihe vlley, cnd the rt mrlnder relrrLted, only In iulrae thl'lr wrath Ill a fanrourahl oplipoltunily for fully epxroallne It urose, 

 It hbd ben arrarigedl tlht a vreeai itronld meet thaln at Prilnces Ohrlollo'e Day wllth a frosh acok of pirvliiont, bat that point wan nllt' reached until eleht weeks alter the t~le lixoed upon, aind when they had lot there the veevol wnR gnne. Wlih heonvy hearlt and woek to the point oe exhauetion, KRnnedy and hile pary of twolve leII agaiiln eel their facas in tihe directlon of 0 pe York, knowin Ihat if llhey coultl not r.'oeh that haven they muit leivo their bonne to Ilelah in the slldhrnoelr. Their diflloul tie Incretaed, alnd hlervation MIc med in. evltable, when Kennedy dilvidld his pio. ty, leaving eight men at Woeymouth Boy wilh Iheir ihare of the few prorinliclt lrft, while lie and thl four iohire punhed on in acaroh of relief at the PI'nt. 0n Ile wiy the party was again dlvldod, and Kennedy alld a failhfil lhilak lihy unmed Jacky.Jackiy alite cnoilinued lth joeuriry. They had reaclild a poelt from which lnhey could eight the elma, whon auddely tllhey lfund thoemslve eurroilundeld by tIntior, who hid doigeed tl'cir teltpi for diye. What fillonweld ia bhlt t ohl, na nIlcly ai poslcble, in Jlcky Jnraky'c owtn woird, when givRlni ovilenon Ioelro it juditltl InqIlr) lirld anmo tinome afllrwanrdl. 'I and Mr. KIennedl y watchrald threl thart night, taking it in turnln evry ioour. lyo*.andi.bye I naw the hilnakfelliie It was a moallight riuit; ni d I wnlkl.d np to Mr. Kennedtly aid illd 'Ther, le plorn' ty of blackflllowiilow.' Thi warn in the middle of the night. Mr. Kaennndy told ine to oot niy piUn readly. Thle bhrks did lot knllw where we euopt, f(r wO tlaIul noi fire, W hbotih ent up all ilnht. Af'or this, daylight cmo, enid I fetched the horat end ieddlrd lhnit, thon eo went on a good way uil tihi ririr, iid tIhen we eat dnwnl a li ito while, alid we aw thrtoee bhlrklllowes coming nlltig our Iraeke, and they saw uP, nId otne fellow rn hback le hard an hIe otulld rnt, antd fIrtheld up plenty tntrro, like a flock nI cheep alm. at. Inold Mr, Konntdy to put lhe in ddles on Illt two holena alid I gn gnt n I ild the hlsokei caLie up, and they Iolliweid us all day, ind all nlong It wee trloiing I and I now told himn to lanve Iho horseo cnd comen tn without them, Ihlt t hie lirseoi ndo too much track. Mr, Kennedy wea too weak and would not leave the hioroe. We woent on lthi day till toward evnrt. lol, rinlllig harld, nd the blacka fullo ed ui all tih dly, l onl behinl and itmo pillated brloro; inI lial, hllteha nil around cnd (illwrlnw ui. Now we wnllt lnia a lllt'o hit ol n crili, anl I told Mr, KRn. nedy to lotk hohllnd a'way,. Somelimol he would do an, and aninollmae he would not look behind lo look for the blacks. Then a qood many iackfobllown came upo behind the scrub alid throw plenly of epearc and hit him In lithe link lrt. Mr. Kennedy edll to me 'Oh Jacky, Jacky, ihoot em ; alhnot ' om I Then 1 polled out my Iint alld hit one follow over the face witllh a buckllhot. lie tom. bled down and g?l up again and :nlii, and whe'oed r uidn, andi tno hlackfollowl picked himn up ndil carrli d him nway. They went awry a little way, nid otnle bak llin, iand Iliroatingl cponar n'l round more IhAnl tIhy did Ihlore-vtry lareo ipearr. I pulllFd oitl Ilihe apirr at nine from Mr. itnnlltly'a back, nll cut out the jag withI hie knih.. Then Mr. Ken. nlady Rit hih ln liinl nld anl|ned, but It would not go till. Tihe Ilicki inraked all ltong by thi Irreen, Rnild spIerred Mr. KI[nnedy ragin iin the right loo, above the knee a Itlle, and I gilt pinroled over the eye ; nd the blacks wore InIw iirthnwin thlr selrarI all wlyn, irneir Pilrle over, and eihntly eRaI iin iereotl M', Kollnntdy In the right lhido. IThoro were lRIge jnal to the npoarr, anid I cut tllelen nu, and put theml into ni piokelt. I now told Mr. KCenriely t sit dow a whtlo lo looked aftler the ailddle lihab, wlileh, I did, and when I atilo tlrk agailn 1 aiw blolk alonell with Mr. Kielnn-dy. I then acked him i lin nl a i the Iblack with hiIm I he wll iltiuild with ih)e aener wlundli. 

 and ald 'No.' l'.'nThoe I aekell inm llor was hlis waitch I I saw the blacks itaking away his watch eand Ia' ?a I woe return. Inlg lthen I reined Mr. Keinidy intou the mrOrn hie rid c Don't cm'ry iiuo gi Io: way.' Then iMr, Knilnldy loiked this way --very had (Jacky rollilng hi oyre), I asld to him ' D),'t look far nway,' as I thoulit lie would oe frilghltenold. I ak,d hi olton 'Are you well now I' smid he e?al ' I don't care for the spear wnend in lny leg, Jlacky, but for tho other two npenr woundsli in amy elite cnl lack.' 110 eidt I em very bad Inside, Jacky I' I told him blerk. fellow always die when lii got aiwer inI there (in the back) : lie nall, ' I am out of wind, Jacky.' I aetdi hmn i' lr. IKnnedyi are yon going in leave ime 7' and hoeld ' Yip, my boy, I anu guinU' to have,' lie atid, ' I m rory hdul, Jacky, you lake the buok. to the IJapanll, but not the big nlea I he (llveriior will giro anytlinR rir themn.' Iiii i liediI up the prlolr,, lie thl n aid, '(lir me pann l r, and I will write,' I gave lihn paper niid a plenll and lie dl to write, iand lien lie fell iack and died, and I caught hliln a he floll baok nod held ilm. I thIl Inrueot ro?iund myaelf and cried, I wiee ceteln a gtootd dl III1 git well, clikt wia abol pan hour, npd thl n I buried him, I .li pp tllt olltund wi|th a tomhaIwk ond ncoverrt him onul with lohli, thlr glran, anld sI.e lt and trousers. Thaet ight I lh I, llimViir deck. I would go through 

 the scrb and theo blacks throw apears at me, a good many, rnd T went bank agaln into the scrub. Then I went down the creek, and I walked a'ong the water in theo crook very easy, with hend only above the water, to avoid Iho bleaks rnd got nut of their way. In this way I wont half a mi'o; theo I git out of iha creek, and got clear of them, and walked all night rnir'y. and alept in the bush wtlhout fire. I went in next morling and felt very tart, and I pelhdl hero for two days... . . I now got in the ridges (the fourth day) and went up into a tree and saw Albrny Islrnd. I wont on a little o nd saw the ship and boat, and when I was on Ilre rook cooreyig i wan murrey, morrey (very, very) glad wlen lthe boat came for me.' 

 J.eky Jacky told his story, and im. medinit steps were takrn to convey relief to the mena who had bnon loft in extromity in the bush. The three who last parted with Kennedy could not be found, and when the camp at Weymnoth Bay we. reached two only of the eight, men left there were found alive. Six had dthd fromn setrvation, aid the two surlivors were t o emeinted and weak that they h?ed to be cerded by the sailors by slow stages to thei versol. (To be continued.)