BY MAHIO.V MORELAND. _____ i For tlie Hawkesbury Advocate. CHAPTER I. GUMTREE GULLY is now a flourishing goldminingtown, but, in the days of which I write, it was a tiny settlement, situated in the heart of a great gully, in one of the largest ranges of mountains in New South .Wales. It. was hemmed in by ti-tree and other scrub, aud talU gum trees. The town consisted of about twenty buildings, and boasted of a build ingj styled a " church," in which, on week-daye, unruly, children were taught the- alphatat, etc., and in which, on Sundays, a man named: Jack Anderson, preached -the gospeli-A tall^talwart fellow was Jack,. .His face was quite brown,- Iiis', hair fair and his ej'es were .blue, ;and Jack Anderson .was.-considered hy all the girls good-Jookirig. There .was'another man of Gum- tree Gully,' .respected and feared by all, his name was Robert Baker, usually knowa.as " fighting Bob." Robert Baber was a small wiry mau, with sharp twinkling eyes, and sandy hr.ir. When he came to Gumtree Gully, and told the miners his name wa^ " Fighting Bog," they sneered. Come 0:1," said Janies Roy, the; champion fighter of the Gully, "Come on, an' FU test yer mettle !" and Bob, his little eyes twinkling more than ever, did "come on," and "fiuished" his adversary in the first round, and then he invited the other ¡miners to fighf, but no, they wouldn't ...... . ' ' . \\z + v- ». \\ fight the little man who had van- quished the champion fighter of their town, so " Fighting Bob" gained the esteem and respect of the whole community' ; but Jack Anderson, although he respected the man, hated him. The reason was this,-the two men were rivals, both of them wanted to marry Molly Enshone, the daughter of a widow. Molly Enshone was a pretty girl of eighteen, and, knowing the two men loved her, and not knowing which of the men she loved, she decided to keep the two men " lovers" as long as possible, so she encouraged one, and then the other, and day by day- the jealousy, the fierce hatred between the two men, sprang from a tiny spark into a raging flame. Molly her- self had a leaning towards Jack, but then-he had such a funny wayr of making love ! On Sun I days after the " service," he would i escort her home, seldom speaking i I a word, hut showing by his grave attentions that he liked her. But Bob Í fighting, rollicking Bob ! i ah, how different lie was towards her 1 he could laugh and make fun, and ask for a kiss, and then when she refused him one, he would stoop down and steal a dozen from the indignant Molly, saying : " Stolen kisses are the sweetest after all, Molly," And they bot h would laugh. But Jack, if he saw them, would frown and walk hastily past, and then Bob would jeer at Jack's expense. One evening, after Jack had seen Molly to her home, the rivals met and Bob struck him savagely, but Jack just drew himself up proudly, and said : " I will have my revenge, Mr. Baker," and then walked haughtily away, leaving Bob to ba jeered at by the other miners. This caused Bob to slink home that night vowing revenga. On Sunday, however, Jack drew Molly aside, and after the miners and their wives had walked away, he took Molly up to the mountain top. He talked more than ever he had done to her before. lie admired the splendid view, the row upon row of tall gum trees rising, until far away they seemed to touch the blue sky. And then he looked down, and talked about the river, the spark- ling river that seemed like a long silver thread,-in the broad valley -winding in and out, now disap- pearing from view, and now shin- ing out broader than ever. Then he turned lier round, and pointed to the little settlement, nestling down in the bosom of the deep gully. Then suddenly* changing his tone, he said seriously : " Molly,"-it was the first time he had called her Molly-" I want to ask you something, may I ?" Molly was surprised at the seri- ousness of his tone, but she an- swered : " Certainly, Mr. Ander- son." " Molly darling !" and his blue eyes sparkled. " Molly, will you be my wife ?" Molly did not answer, Jack's face was beaming : " Molly, my Molly, I know you love me, you will be my wife ?' Still no answer. Jack stooped down and peered into her flushed face, and triumph was iii his voice as he said : ' Molly, you will be-must be, my wife !' 41 won't !' He was startled by the sud deness of her answer. ' I won't, V she repeated, stamping her foot. His tone was quiet as he asked : 'Whv not'? 'Why not?' said Molly, 'be- cause I don't love yon, of course,' ' Don't love rn«, who do you love ?' ' Bob,' replied Molly, blushing, ' Him !' said Jack, fiercely. ' Then why did you encourage me, woman, if you loved him ? I say, Molly Enshone, you shall marry me, if you dont-harm will come of it !' and he.grasped her wrist. 'I will never marry you, Ja3k Anderson!' 'said Molly,... and. wrenching herself f "ee. from hit grasp, she ran down-the mountain side. 4 Harm, will come of it, woman !' cried Jack, wildly, as she ran, but she heeded him not, but Jack was now thoroughly roused, and he resolved on revenge ; he recalled all the insulte he had borne from Bob until he writhed. Ah ! that night, when Bob was drowning, why, oh why did he save him ? How much better it would have been for him if he had let him drown : and there, upon the mountain, a demon rose within him, urging him to destroy Robert Baker, and from his faoe all the nobleness shrank away-all that was good, and an evil, -wicked ex- pression came on his face, which now was heavy with bitter thoughts, and, as the night softly fell, Jack Anderson crept back to his rude hut, buming with a wild desire for revenge. CHAPTER II. BOB ! fighting, rollicking Bob ! he had asked Milly if she would be his wife, and she had said she would, though all the time the words, ' Harm will come of it, woman ! ' rang in her ears. The marriage was fixed for the 25th of December (Christmas Day), two months hence, and Bol), having had a splendid run of luck lately, proceeded to build a two-roomed house, with just a 4 lean-to ' for a kitchen. Early and late he worked, splitting the hard iron-bark trees into slabs, and, bit by bit, a substantial slab building arose. The house was on the edge of a clearing, and the dense scrub was in a dangerous proximity to it, but, after the house was built, Bob would clear that. The building was now ready for the roof : the roof was to be a galvanised iron one, the first iron roof in the township of Gumtree Gully. With what shouts of joy did the children of the miners hail it. The shining iron, glittering in the sunshine, was so different to the ugly brown bark, ugh ! How the other young women envied Molly. One day-a hot scorching day in summer time-Bob was nail- ing on the iron roof, and the pitiless sun shone straight in his face, when, uttering a cry, he gazed intently before him. Ah ! what did he see ? A huge column of black smoke rising up in the sky. 4 A bush fire, and near, too, by the heavens ! ' said Boq, hastily descending, and he called the miners out of their shafts; 4 See,' he said, 4 that bush fire is near,' and he pointed to the smoke. 4 Whew ! it's jolly near,' said a miner. 'Yes, it is. I think all the women had better look after the houses, while we- Come on, quick! See! the fire is comin'! cuss that- westerly! Now my men, to work! fire must meet fire. Tell the women to pour water on the roofs, and keep wet bags round themselves. Now for it, my merry men ! ' and as he spoke Bob lighted a pile of dry scrub, and dragged a burning stick round the clearing. 4 Now then, have yer all got heaters ? As soon as the fire burns to the grass beat it out. Don't let it get into Malouey's paddock, for Heaven's ! sake, or else no mortal power can save the township of Gumtree Gully ! ' said Bob, commencing to beat the fire out. 4 Where's Anderson ? ' 4 Don't know,' said one. 41 haven't seen him to-day,1 said another. . Strange ? Who's crying ? ' Bob walked up to a woman who was sobbing bitterly. It was Molly's mother. 'What is the matter, Miu Enshone ? ' ask id Bob. . Molly ! oh, my poor Molly ! she's dead ! I know she is dead! ' 4 Where is she, Mrs. Enstone ? ' again ask jd Bob, now thoroughly alarmed. 4 She went to Crow's Nest Gully, to git some pretty stones for her new house ' : and she sobbad hysterically.. ' Why don't you go an' look for her ? I'll go myself ! I tell you she's in Crow's Nest Gully, burn- ing to death ! ' ' Sit down ! ' said Bob, impera- tively. As he spoke, a horrible cry rent the air. Bob turned round, and 6aw Jack Anderson, his face livid -horror struck. He lifted his hand as though to avert a blow. 'My God!' he said, in a low, hoarse tone, ' she's in the midst of the fire ! ' and he rushed into the flames, towards the gully. ' Why don't you go ? ' screamed Mrs. Enshone, ' It's in your place. Your her husband that is to be : WHY don't you go? ' ' I can't,' said Bob, sadly,' ' Jack's gone ; I WANT to go, but I CAN'T! See! the fire is com- mencing in Maloney's paddock. I can't stay another moment ' : and, snatching up his beater, he ran quickly to the paddock, for the long dry grass it contained was already commencing to burn. Meanwhile, we will return to Jack, who had rushed into the five to look for Molly Enshone. Regardless of the stifling smoke, he madly rushed to Crow's Nest Gully. The flames were nothing to him, and he avoided, as though by instinct, the buming, falling trees. He had just reached the entrance of the gully, when the wind blew a buming branch off a tall, stringy tree : Jack did not see it, for everything swam before his eyes, he reeled like a drunken man : then with terrible force, the branch struck him to the ground : the next moment his clothes were burnt, and Jack was lying on the ground, sense- less. The miners had succeeded in saving the township of Gumtree Gully, by an almost superhuman display of strength they had stopped the fire in Maloney's paddock. ' I can't make it out, men,' said Bo!), after the fire was over, 'Jack Anderson went to look for Molly five hours ago, and he hasn't come back yet, I ll go and look for 'em.' ' I wouldn't bother, Jack An- ; derson can take care of himself,' said a miner. ' But Molly,' said Bob, drawing his burnt hands over his blacken- ed face, ' I must go and find her,' and so saying, he quickly walked towards Crow's Nest Gully, He had just reached the gully, when he saw Anderson lying on the floor, all charred with the fire, Bob knelt down beside him. ' Poor fellow,' he muttered, ' he can't come to any harm, I'd carry him home, now, but for Molly ' : and Bob left Anderson, and went f urther into the gully. A scene of desolation met his gaze, the broad and beautiful gully-beauti- ful now, in its proud desolation usually so green with ferns and vines, was one broad patch of burnt ground glaring in the sun. Only a few smoking logs remain- ed, all was burnt, but, standing up stern, and unmovable, were the same piles of granite and sandstone rocks, while, here and thereon the hot ground, lay pieces of quartz. But Bob saw nothing of this, his only thought was of Molly, 'Molly! Molly!' he called, but only an echo rolled back shout- ing ' Molly ! Molly !' ' She might be in the caves, and have fainted,' thought Bob, entering a small sandstone cave ; no, she was not there. Again and -igain he enter- ed the caves, at last he found her, lying senseless on the floor of one. He did not rouse her, but tender- ly c.irried her home. 4 Jarte lying at the Gully,' he said to the other miners. ' I think ho s día cl, if Tie isn't hi cant live long *vith such burns as Iv'* got. 'We'll go an fetch im, Bob, yer'd better î-tay at onie: we'll maka a stretcher,,' said oae, and, suiting the action to thii, word, he nailed £ome polos together, and, ;taking another niau with him, went to the Gully, where they found Jack, and carefully brought him home. When they reached home, they found Molly had re- vived, and all was well with her -but alas for Jack ! ***** It was some days after the above, and Jack had never once regained consciousness. For four days he had lain on the bed, on the fourth night, he slowly open- ed his eyes, and spoke. ' Where am I ?' he feebly mur- mured. ' It's dark, I can't see V ' Here is the light,' said Molly, placing it near him,-for Molly would not let anyone tend Jack but herself. 'Where V said Jack, 'I can't see it ; tell-Bob I want him and-Molly.' Moll3r went to the door and called Bob. ' He's conscious now,* she whispered: ' But I think he's -blind ! come in, he want's us/ and she gently drew Bob inside, and said : ' Here is Bob, and Molly too.' ' Where ?' said Jack, turning his sightless eyes to where the voice came from. 'I can't see them, put their hands in mine.' Molly and Bob placed a hand in his. 'This is Mollys, I know,* whispered Jack, ' but Bobs ? ah here-it- is -I- I-think-I must-be-dy-ing! I-can't see!. Bob-stoop down, I-I want-ïo -tell- you some- thing. Bob -I-wras-go-iug to-kill-you -so-I-could mar-ry Mol-ljr ! But-I- couldn't- kill- you. I -tried -to-make- up- my mind-to- do-it - that--that day-when-when- the bush fire -came; God-sent-that - fire! Bob - to - to - stop - me ! It - was - n"t a -it-was-God s hand-that- struck-me down Bob. It-was-the-hand-of of - the - Amii ü ht y. Bob Mol-ly, I-I-thought - - you loved-me-not-Kob ! What's that ? Stop it ! it's- chok-ing -- me ! Oh-God ! I m-dying !' Suddenly Jack ceased speaking, and quickly a brit; ht stream of blood welled from his mouth, his hands pressed Molly's and Hob's together in his dying agony, his sightless eyes rolled fearfully. A wild cry, as though for mercy, broke the stillness of the night-a Rurgle-a whisper: 'Its Go0s hand!' and then all was over. Jack Anderson was dead. Two months later,. Bob and Molly were married very quietly, for, even in their happiness,, they remembered Jack Anderson" who had died after a fruitless ef- fort to save Molly, and when, ten months later, a fine baby boy put in an appearance,, they named him after the dead mau who had y almost succeeded in maring their previous Xmas, as well as their life's happiness.