THE FAR-OFF HAS-BEEN BY ISAAC BATEY CHAPTER XI ON THE RIVER PLENTY (Continued.) Now as an account of an aboriginal funeral will be interesting to the gener- ity of readers, I give the narrative of Mr Adam Beale, who was eye witness to the obsequies of a native on the Plenty over   fifty years ago. It is forgotten now to what sex the deceased belonged, but all the other de-   tails of the interment are well remem- bered. The body was trussed together in that sitting posture which we occa- sionally see assumed by Indian hawkers.   By Beale's version the body was corded   together, therefore it is reasonable to in- fer that the above operation was per- formed immediately after death had   taken place. Amongst the party there was only one   man, who from his actions we will call   high priest and chief mourner in the function.   Pick and spade were borrowed from Beale's folks, with which a grave was   sunk, comparable I should say to the corner straining post of a wire fence. How deep the excavation was cannot be   stated, beyond saying that when it was considered of sufficient depth the corpse was placed in it in a sitting position, wrapped, I fancy, in a possum rug or   blanket. At this length of time it can- not be remembered if any other belong- ings of the deceased were placed in the grave. When it was filled up, the man, giv- ing a loud shout, struck himself three times on the forehead with the sharp edge of his tomahawk, and at every stroke drew blood. From our point of view the ending of the ceremony is the very acme of the barbaric, yet how are we to know that this action of the untutored son of the wide, if we could properly understand it, was not an expression of grief that would command our admiration?   Here it must be stated that the dis- posal of the dead with the aboriginals of this continent is not uniform through- out, even in parts not so very distant from each other. In opening a grave   on the Murrumbidgee River in 1866 it was discovered that the Waradgery in- terred their dead at full length with the feet towards the rising sun. Poss- essing myself of the skull, which was in an excellent state of preservation, it was hid under a hollow log with the inten-   tion of bringing it down the country.     Whenever I went round that part of the run I was in tle habit of contem- plating the caput of the warrior, for u ia he had been, judging by a ridge of o e,. evidently the bhealing up or the leatridation of a fracture on the left. hand side of the head. Going of a day to inspect the relio that once had held thte mind of a blackfellow, it was gone ; but having obtained it by stealth and kept it a profound secret, I forebore to make any inquiries. But to retturn to the Plenty. Fromn what my father and Mr. E. T. Flintoff were wont to relate, there was a period when it pretty well swarmed with illicit whisky stills. * Long' Mooney, with other members of the police force, fossicked around, but as far as I am aware they never fiund stillhead nor wormn. To the bent of re collection, if ona or the other of these was foenld otn a mahno's premntises he came under the balt of the law. There was one Blrodie, who I believe was district constable, whether for this side cannot be sa,.id, but I have a hazy notion that I saw his namne nientione't in later times as district cot stable for Gee long. This Brodie was no relation of our wayward yet most neighbourly of neighbours on the Ema Creek, and whose life ended tragically on or about R the 18th of January, 1872. In those memoirs it was intimated that the marriage of Miss Mooney and , Mr. P. J. KWighran was a very swell 5 affair, so mach so that an account of it Y was given in a Melbourne newspaper. tl At thle date referred to the writer .r thinks he is within the truth in asserting 1. that a large percentage of fat cattle sold 3 in tha Melbourne market were brought down country by Mooney, Keighran, " and Jim Maiden. Thl first-named was reported to have died in abject poverty. & The 'second, who owned the celebrated iacehorse Mormon, if memory is faithful Sgot down in tile world; and as for SNino-yanrds-of-eanaper ' Maiden, he died as miserable as a bandioot. With Maiden the rama'k is more figum.Ratie than litersl, for if he bhcame penniless he would not be a!lowel to die of starv atioin. To roturn to the whilsky. Some man got, wit that tthe able and intelligent offiers were coming on s?udh"short no tice that he had just time to trundle the keg of pottheen into seclusion. The .men of the law, by atohority armed, having sehrrreld the. lnuso witho;iI a liod, look their dtpartlre. Tl'he regular polkce fililg to snore, .lijir St. John (pronI ned iirjsdn) rode tout to thi Plenty to do int investi gatte npuoi his own particulharhoouk. rThe BIBaroi.:' us we dubbed hii.-n'int ,,nly''eitrt.iraied Si. Jobtlr, but also qutcd I s gauidq--p, rhaps an unfm:tunate cir cminstainLce for tie Mjor, iii fauc tthe se qunl-proves that 'l Th Baron' alid the lan of the man of ivar The pair hav ing rilden about fr souae tihme, Mr. Finti,ff; looking ait his iviloi, remarked, * ' ljor, wiwe ill go lionie and have' Unring the conrso of the nmeal, St. John obser;ed ' It was strange, Flinitof,, that we did niot .notice any indications ?of whiisky stills.' SThlie Bsaro? ri', r d.,ii' wih ' Why, we pssed withlin fifty yards of one.', ' Wh~i:re, Flinlitf ?' questioned St. Johni, wliereuipon Flhntoff int the query with w ltajhr, that* is your look-out-n >t uoine. My father said that one of those dis tille:rs, having filled his two gallon kegs, packed thetn in ari ' eiiigrttnt's trniik,' a hox if such great siz" that jtirlginc hby n specimen still existing at \\Voodend, . roomy enough to holl half a dozen if the kegs espJifi.d. 'I'h smaugler, with the cargo on his b 'lock dray, would r drive as bold as brass to a publichoise, - the landlord of whhiih, we will suppose, - had orderelI the liquor beforehland. e Stepping to the bar, lie wnuld l nv, -1 h tee a box hI'onging to a yu',ng wotlmon - that has to be left hire.' e Toe tavernikeepI r would raise a growl p a out having no room for it, th-n relen y ting with, D)amn it. we can put.it into tLe cteller,' down it went into the loit'r f region , and conjecturally, when Bloni e face lud bestowed the grog :n his ow'l ,t casks, afte a decent lapse of I 'me rn lor e would get kego and. box hack;' '' d With regard to Martin Batey on the. it Plenty, he was ,the same that hIo wis here, in that all who were acquanlui'i? t- with him, no matter what s'ation in life if hlt y occupied, hehl hin,t in high esao tn.ll - Jo,, Parsp, if he was a Nirthli-ii 1 brin, was a Ijordie fir all thai !and e curious to r'late, .loa Odnirli?~is ;nk {m it father by letter from Koblilna on'hlie - ioulhur n to call upon his best girl in b Melbourne to cheer up her sl)ir!ts. Pear'son usetd to he on staliiois.over n seeing for Messrs. Heap and Grice, and is the first thought is that it looks funny a i- man should mike such a request, yet when we size the matter up it, its nitrits if it proves that friendslhip wi:h somne men is divine in its sincerity. This younn wr woman hal I een a donmestic servant ill of the emloy of Mr. Joseph Hawdon, and e Joe leading her to the hyrmnneal altar, take it Martin Batey was best manl,, for y he name home with a pair of new white ri kid gloves. Great Gregory I diln't the l:mater give the old ima ra.s for being I present at the wedding of one whom she o inventoried a ' iouy servant girl.' There was one Hanson ,in the Plenty, i who, speaking of scenery somewhere IT about, said it was ' roman-tickl an I pie d tir-skew.' This individual had a fine .t lot, of melons, but, was tou menli to give one of them n ay. therefore Pearson and a others decided to he good t tl themselves it in shifting some of them. It had to lie d a nocturnal sortie, and the intrlders had to do the duck trick in swilmming up a e waterhole to get into the gardeln. e Joe, who was a burly, moon-faced m:an, ashe progressed puffed anl snorted a like a porpoise. It would seem that s when the marauders landed, Hanson's Y dogs not only gave tongue, but their it owner also sooled them on, a proceedig? that rcompelloed the raiders to lie down if among the nettles until all was quiet. f When that took place I believe the fell d ows completed the plundering expedi It tionin a manner highly satisfactory to themiselves. id Mr. Fiintoff, when hee began farning, id in stme things was decidedly amateurish, ill because lih swedl a sprinkling of pearl it barley, and wondered why the devil it did not ctuie iup, until lie founld that the er grain was brought to a routin shalpe i, ug the manufacturing process. Id Hi, brother Nevins, no doubt at tll It instigation, of his wife, set ablut beanlti I, tying the mane of his old ,hes,'nt hors as with a literal dressing of olive oil. Net T. result-the mane frizzled to such an d extent that it had to be clipped off hor. -l -thus, in the languaee ,of the stable, r the animal was hIogmraned. This ton d suring took place .ver so lone after we camne t, this lucnlity. uand as a sucess it e wasn nabout level with the wil I heon 5 coring experit 'nt over in Maorilend. Mr. F. N. Fliritllff and others, laying in casks and salt, were going to do won iriders. Get.tin, tovwhere peramuhlating t swine did pried,,toilnat, 'tl,'ir. faithtul canine ronnling up ah old sow, one of a the party shot off his artillery,. fetching a the pig, hint the itlloet passing through liluggei the do1 and settled his hash. tly f atherr was out of a day with siI honind, and FI.NF. cut off. fr a gate ,tid as Mli-s Chaytor, daughter of. Sir Vaillinno Chay:or, swept- by, pointing with hillr ihliip to, Nevinl, she shlouted out to Mlr. lattey, "Wht. it that Ltiltr ' But thitic:ltas nothing to do: with the. Pint-, therefore swe will again remind our realeirs thati we fetched up lhere on ith- 27th day of January, 184G5.going on 58 years ago. Wti hd leea here a brief space when some person cause along-petrhal:s a o?suail, or he may have been sent with a latter. Be that as it will, the budget of news was startling, for Rotbert Bastin bad ,been ruihlessly shiot by .lames Coul stock, and the country ahut OGr-en.sbor ougli devastated by a bush fire. :M'r. 7..' T. b'lintoff was ccea burnt nut, his dwelling house alone escaping, and that was saved with difiiculty. In at brief meimo. my father records thlt this'fire totally ruined his old tnas ter, who failed for a large sum of money -not the least item being that Mr. Batey lost £300 in the break up. In connection willh this fiery visita tion, I remember it being said that Jas. Butler had worked hard to ensure the safety of his stackyard, when, tihinking all was right, the iold tman reinarkltd, * Beqtb. I'mn safe,' but the words were hardly oult his uiouuth iheu a stack bursl into flames. Under the inflience of a strong wind a bit of ignite'd bark from a tall tree' might start a fresh outbreak hundreds of yards away froni the main conflagration. It was elsewhere stated that tmy fath er's ataster employed far too tlimany Ihands. His wife bore the reputatin of heing a very extravagant w\\Vlllttan, but the real cause of the collapse appears to have been the bankruptcy of Colonel Maclean, whoit litld purchist d the e11.ssrs. Flitiff'fs coul pit iu )urtltim. .VWith.this the preuens chapter is con chltded, innd if it does not contain mnch tf histor'ial interest. still thei writer 'entf'ures to express the opinion that his readers will, tid sonwe things in it that are worth remnembering. (To.. be contdnued.)