i'HE FAR -CFF HAS-BEEN(I Br ISAAC BATEY. CIIAP'I'ITER XI. ON TIIE tItEI: I'L:NTY. (Continued). Amongst his nnueerons duties at Brancespeth, in occasion he played the e part of a stockman. M1r. F'iintoff was not particnlarly given to taking his wife out on horseback, so Mrs. Flintoff wan ted Dad to allow her to ccompany him on those stnckhunting excursions, but having a strong sense of propriety he would not permit her to do so,. Being no doubt well awar, of the fact that the. lady had had a liaison with J. D. Lyon Campbell, generally known as Lyon Campbell, perhaps the old gentle man foresaw that if he went gallivanting about with his employer's wife, scandal's tongue would be set wagging. The Flinroffs, husband and wife, were darkhaired people, but when the second child was born, like Campbell it was as red as a fox, and 1 believe it was that circumstance that revealed his wife's fall. My brother Thomas went to see the venerable Mr. Flintoff shortly before that amliable gentleman went the way that all must go, when he was, told by our old shipmate that the reason why liis wife departed from the path of virtue was ithat she had to live in Melbourne till a home was made for her on the Plenty. She was flung amongst the society of the day, even then much given to pleas t:re in balls and parties, and like many young womtn not inherently immoral, she found a rascal vile enough to lead her astray. A few years ago I looked on the se dncer's grave in the Old Melbourne Ce mnetery. By the inscription on his head stone lie had served in a Lancer regim ent, and went to his grave at the early i age of 35 years. Our employer's brother, Frederickm Nevins Flintoff, as an amateur possessed considerable surgical skill, consequently some people styled him Dr. Flintff He appears to have gone under canvas with out delay, and when the first child came one of its baptismal names was ' Tent born.' It was at Nevins' instigation that my eldest brother was so absurdly christened. When his name was fully written out it read-John Robson Sea burn Ferguson Batey. By the way,: Nevins' introduction to Pat Larkin was so singular and so chi .valrons that it is really worth telling. In passing into Pat's domicile, that indivi dual's canine sharked on to Flintoff's dog, and the owver, rather of a scotty nature, kicked the Irishinan's animal. Larkin promptly declared war, and the other, nothing dannted, stood up to his man like a brick. The man of the Em erald Isle having squarely vanquished his antagonist, addressed him in about this fashion 'Sir, you cannot go away in that state, come and get your face washed.' He supplied the conquered one with the requisites, and when the signs of .battlae were wiped. out,'-. tea aswater could do it, Larkin ?said-' Perhaps you would like a cup of tea,' and Flintolf agreeing thereto, he was taken indoors, and partook of Pat's hospitality. Ever after this the two men were the best of friends. In further reference to my father, whilst in Flintoff's service he took his three meals per day at the same table with master and mistress. Both men belonged to what we. may term a later Johnsonian era iii being most polite, for when .the ' old Baron,' as we dubbed hin, lived here in reduced .circumstances, be tween the two men it was always ' Sir' and 'Mr.' My father had been frequently. over what is now the Yan Yeain Reservoir. which in its natural state he described as a marsh. Riding over it of a day. he picked up two young native companions and placed, then:, on. the front of the saddle, bhut in-riding along he. detected one.in the act of making a shot. at. his, eyes, so at once he dropped the bird4. Another.. time .he went to the Yan Yean on a shooting. excursion., with :Booth, when the latter shot a pelican so.we.may, a'sume there were times in the year when the swamp became almost a.?lae. Now,, as I desire to preserve ancient .nomenclature, on the.Plenty we hed four classes of people-viz.': the Cockatoo, the Stringybark, the Saltjunk, and the Soogee settlers. Doubtless the last were essentially no-account people, but what their occupation. was I cannot say.j According. to. Mr.. Bstey,. strips:of the innerfibre.of strings, bark .were used in tying up bundles of.atraw, and-that de scription of tie was known as ' the gold en hand.' Presumably the saying,' Bullock-hide and iron hoop are the mainstays of the colony,' originated in that remote epoch. Before the expiration of the forties, ouar.ahearers gambled.futr. ahart., lengths& ef Barrett's Twist tobacco, which they ialleI ' noggert' he?nce we anny asui rle that in .oirs, of time the wtrn changei..l it ' llggets.' Oeetning farming g oprations, when ithte l'lintroffs first bt.g:r a in thait line whiat s old at 15/ petr btsh,.i, but tihe following year it d(ropped to 2l 1. otr a till of 12/f; per Iushel. Those years grain was haud-respe:d, or Itt dltwn with a c:ralle sClythe. (llyV was mown, thenl c:lh tred with forks and hand rakes. \\Vithin tye recollection the notion prevailed that if an itnple'icent was built light it. would not stnd the slhock of tihe work it was put to. Thus whetn we first bIhelh the elegant fine-handled Almeri cant axes, we prophesied that their han dies woutl assuredlry breaik when put to the test if choppin?g. But with reference to E. T. Ilintoff, he was a ger.tleman farmer and perished in his vocation, whereas his whilome bulllock driver, Mickey Macloughlan, in the same line prospered, sported a bell topper, anti to make himself a big hidal go ratted from the Roman Catholic Church to become a ringtailed Protest ,, This lost item is mentionea to proveo two things-firstly, tlnt one succeeds 1 where nuother fails, and secondly, when E favored with good luck becomes too big I fur his boots. It is noted by my father's old papers that his wages as working overseer were I £100 per annum, also tliat his employer i wanted to cut hitm dlohn to £80. He I wae greatly attached to the two brothers, having been conncoted with .them in Durlham years before we came out here. Under the circumstances, if ie did all manner of hard graft for one of them on i the Plenty, my opinion is that hI re garded the years spent there as the hap- I piest part of his life in this country. True, he to led hard, but being one of those men who looked upon imannual In bour as one of the chief exc)llencies of human life he -et a high value upon men who worked as if they really loved their tasks.- II I could mike ten shillings per column for my pen scratchings, he would aver that it was a lazy way to make a living, and he would rate mu lower than the man who by downright slavery nan aged to earn 201 a week. Mr. Flintoff appears to have employed a number of men, porhaps far too many to make his occupation a lucrative one, hut at the period referred to he and his brother were in receipt of money from Colonul Maclcan, who had purchased their coal pit in Durham. More will be said of that hereafter, and 'hen my read ers will see hRw my father's connection with the two men played the very deuce with his career in Port Phillip. Now, as for the plenty, when we first lit out there, apparently it was a region of small squatting stations running on a Crown lea-e of 21 years at a rental of 20/ per square umile---r, more clearly expressed, 3.16ihs of a penny per acre. People in modern times will say there was nothing to prevent all our old squatters from becoming disgustingly rich, as the late Mr. Charles Hotson Ebden would phrase it. Those who think so do not take into consideration that there was .ones an era when the stooking- of a, ru"iha on S'iii y tliwllWed by one when 5/ wa thought a tip-top price for a heavy-weight merino wether. I' go upon an order from Mr. John iNfickle to Martin Batey to let * Long' George Kirk have 100 fat wethers at 5/ each, and he (Mr. Mickle) speaks of the figure being a good one. From my old scraps of newspapers, the freightage of wool to the London market,, where all cloonial clips appear to have been sold, was Id. per lb. Of course there were other charges, amongst which insurance iould be a stiffish item, hecause my father said wool ships were apt to' take fire, owing doubtless to the wool being baled damp or getting wet in haulage through bad tarpaulings. What description of stock was denas tured chiefly on the. Plenty stations I really do not know, yet I .opine under prinitive conditions it was not a sheep o.nuntry like ours in this district. By my father's account, combinied with other: hearsay evidence, Mrs. Combs' Crown leasehold sqnattage was under jumhucks -as the aboriginals named sheep-be cause she put an und' to her life with corrosive sublimate, which auhstance was formerly used as a cure for scab in those animals. Mr. Flintoff's nearest neighbour was Mr. Anthony Beale, to whom a very: great historical interest attaches, in that he had seen the once invincible TNapoleon Bonaparte wearing out the remainder of his life in exile on the island of St. Hel. ena. Mr. Beale was born on that lovely islet, and was paymaster-general .to the Honourable East India. Company's forces. The writer is'indebted to the courtesy of Mr. Francis Flintoff, who obtained these last particulars from Miss Margaret Beale. From what:Mr.:Flin toff wrote, Napoleon disliked going abroad; for he could not stir:without an ,Englij.orderly heinq at his heels.. Thp paymnaster-gen'eral beheald the Iero i whe in the enth i of his power hlad slnlt?en col de on thrners, lying in the cold eembrace l: of death in a sleping apartuent of his Gi irsidience at Longwood. AMr. Beale ob tained a small sq.uare of the great man's en ,ld-curtain, and when at ' St. ;lelena,' Ci Miss Beal's small estate on the Plenty to in 1870, this humble relic of a iman once ta great was shown to miI,. Whether its material was cotton or linen cannot be jo rememhored now, but it resembled the do lining used for gowns, only it was of it stouter fabric, and did not seem to have heen put through the glazing process. ft By the way, Mtr. Beale brought over hi cuttings from Napoleon's willow grow- tI ing over his grave at Longwood, which tl history tells us swas 18 feet deep. At ci the date of my Plenty visit I saw Mr. p Beale's Napoleonia .willow, then a large ci tree, also an English oak,. which I con- et clude is the very first pioneer of its kind to in this colony. My late brother William had it that i Mr. Younghusband, erstwhile owner of If Longwood station, through which te It North-eastern railway evidently passes, ii also brought willow slips from Napn leon's grave but I rather fancy Mr Beale I brought out the first ones. He obtainied e a free Crown grant of 320 acres, took up I half of the same on the Plenty, the bal ance at Bacchus Marsh, and as Ihe sold I tile latter block .to Mr. James Elijah Crooke, the probabilities are that the willows now adqrning that township ,ri ginated from cuttings delved from Mr. Beale. Being, like my deceased brother, t Thomas Place Batey, something of an I antiquary, for the edificanion of my renders I have to say that a copy of th t ' London Times' for the year 1798 is in t tile possession of Mrs. James Forbes Ratnkin. * The Times' of our day is a huge sheet, but the one referre.i to, which contains Lord Nelson's supplo I montary despatiches of the Battle of the 1 t Nile, is about the size of the ' Sunbury SNetws' cut centrally across. With further respect to Mr Beale, he I was an illustration of the vicissitudes of i families, for when up in the stirrups two I of his sons received an education' that qualified them to hold' honoritbl'e posi tions in the world. One of them died a d. General in the Bi:itish army, another y was a doctor,; but the.younger meruabers i, 'of the family, owing to adverse cirecnm. s stances, were poorly schooled. As their t father ke~pt a stockman in the person of I Henry Mucintosh Sampson, the old gen e tleman would hold a small cattle run. This stockman acted as guide to the   mixed party that captured, Jeffs, Ellis,   and Fogarty, at Campbell Hunter's sta   tion on the Upper Plenty in 1842. 'The fourth bushranger, Williams, was killed   in the fight, but having unfortunately   barred myself by a promise, I cannot   avow the real circumstances under which   the miscreant was slain.   The partners, Kirk and Har'land, I e believe,..were. engaged in pasti ,ral pur d suits in the Plenty district. "I cannot y say for certain, but there is a st rung inm n pression upon my mind that th a former o was the founder of Kirk's Bazaar in a Bourke-street. I a m ,rally :lure that e it was not George, alial ' Lon g' Kirk, d' who eventuated into a big matt as a live p stock commission agent. In my young r. days, ere grief, felt hate, and sctihhlibng n cholice family literature for the 'Sunbury News.' had denuded the top of my brain icase of a percentage of its wotol, I knew S' Long ' Kitr intimately by sight. He put on considerable jaru, therefore Mar tin Batey, who could give a fellow a prime let-down, said to hiln of a day r ' Kirk, things are diffierent with you now from what .they were when you were t a splitter in the Plenty ranges.' I don't pretend to quote Dad exactly, .e yet what is given is even better than the context. n Mr. Sergeantson, presumably from Yo kshire, because the hired nien whom lie brought from Enagland was from that , ?ouuty, in process of- time went so comrn. plhtttly to the,wall that he became the hr Itappy hunting ground. for-let my read t Ira imagine thereat. y The ups and downs of life are ourions. r. Here, for instance, rtty father was well n acquainted with a Mr. Stevens, a squat a ter down west, and in ,his trips to Colac, Sacr'ording to Ihe, rule of the epoch, was h hosplitably entertained by that gentle man. Some years later, meeting his old e. friend in; Geelong, he invited him to Sarve a drink, when to his surprise Stevr e ens said-~ I had much rather you gave I me a shilling to get something to eat.': it Mr. Batey at, once took his. friend to a: at ristaurarit, if such existed at ''The' 4f Pivot,' or, if nor, went to an hotel and I. ordered dinner. The poor man aete with y suich a' ravenous appetite that the food 5 made him sick. lAfter my father's death' a 8terens, who had obtained a situastion in e the Sunburn Industrial Schools, came to 0kee us, but to the host of ricollectionhe a died eh irtly afer his appointment. : Amongst other 'Crown tenants were Sthe Foleys, evidently Irish by the name: SThey were uppererust pIeople, and judg. inp :hg by :Mr' HElrberti Folvy, whor'allef i heres in g62, when" Mr?. Biteyiws it Bendigo, his folks bad belonged to the higher social g??de in the 'larid of their birth. I mind them leaving the Plenty -as they were-going by they ppulltd up' to speak to my folks, and the:two Miss F!leys;:were. on horseback.. Thler had acquired a station about the Loddon itr Avoca country, hut they broke diwn ii it, and later Herbert marries Miss Rose BealI, who departed this life shortly after marrige.', In !latter ..tiies Mir Foleyw':fsi 'mdng'ab6ut Pyalong.. as I know from an advertisement of a horse he had at stud. This gentleman died quite recently. Thein there was Mr. Maygar whim I have seen;, and he appearseto. have been a man of godb birth; Mr.'E, T. Flintoff' info?uied:me that Maygar's, station wts high up the Plenty, and was a very poho run until the bush fires of ' Black Tlnurs: dtey.' saeeping 'off the scrob, improved it Sfor sole yesyars.s : It cannft he. said .If Mr. Haley, i Yorkshliremsn,n '.I :thuiklb birth, hel'! the station where Henry Hurst was shti by Brkp," the Sydney bushranger, when we weiti- to the PlentK'i'i -4.1 Th'i.i HFnleys probably belonged to.the lowe. ranks in tile old c',utry, fir one of thl,;I was Ingged ,tut as Henry Gibson. andi trI th, best-of'v' m dolhl:cti,,n. he. died unde'r Ihat ,name. One of thle lilesilyswici I ,?ia .tg tt¢.?qie: a very onsiderable area of the best agriculturol ult inl the Lancefield district at the Xovernment upset price of £1 per acre. Hers it must he observed that refer nce has been made to the bulk of the ,rown tenants on the Plenty, so we will eke a turn amongst those who had lken up farming pursuits. There was one Newell Craven, who, adging from what was said, had suffered leportation for stealing ducks. This individual rejoiced under the alias of "Old Yorky,' had a handsome breed of rowls known as golden pheasants, And lie presented my father with a setting of their eggs. Though Mr. Batey carried them to his'place packed in a handker chief, on horseback , yet many of them produced chickens. ' Yorky' was gen erous enough to donate settings of those eggs to his near neighbours, but wishing. to hold a nmonopoly of the breed, the old. scamp usually dipped them in boiling water. HIe came to a tragic end, for in lopping off the branch of a fallen tree, the limb fell upon ancient ' Yorky,' and if 1 err not, killed him outright. There was a M3r. Donaldson, but whe ther he started in the district as farmer or squatter there are no. proofs to show. He was resident in 18492, for his home stead was bailed up twice by the four bushrangers so often alluded to. Ac cording to.the Baron, M r Donalson saw them execated. The gallows tree.was a natural etu:alypt, growirng rather towards Newtown, now Collingwood, and my in formant said Donaldson never after wards had a good night's sleep. One of the numbnhr was swung off in a swell suit of clothes that he had stolen. The coat that the fellow sported seas of blue cloth with shining brass buttons, but most probably they were gilt., Messrs. Bell and Armstrong, I imag ine, had acquired farming land on ' The Kangaroce Ground' prior to our depart ure for Red Stone Hill, and it is recoll ected that they come to see my father, when we were leaving the Plenty. (To be conlitn ned.)