In the Golden Hairest. (Bx 'Gwth Abaitb.') TOWS AHD COONTKr JOTOtML' PKIZE STOSY COMPETITIOK. Chapter L The moon of the harvest grew high, and bright. As her golden horn pierced the cloud of wlilte. . Day is slowly dyiag out in the west. A gentle wind has risen, bringing with it the scent of lilac and hawthorn. Tbe hawthorn hedges are in fall blossom. From the river below come tke sound of happy laughter, the soft lapping of the water against the rocks, and the dip of oars as a -boat sheets out into the willow-fringed stream. The hush amd ouiet of the sunset b«ur lie upon every thing. In the boat is a merry party — Jack Mason and Douglas Carruthers are rowing, Maud Thompson aad Lots Carey lean carelessly back enjoying the fresh breeze on the water. The boat drifts quietly down the stream, past the hayfields, from which comes the scent ©f the new mown hay; for at Merino Station, tke property of Alfred Thompson, they are already harvesting. Tkere is a large house party at Merine for Christ mas — several friends from Sydney, also, to some of whom station life is rather a novelty. Alfred Thompson and Aunt Joan, his sister — who has kept house for him since his wife's death — are on the verandah listening to the glees from the quartet in the boat as they row homeward. The pet magpie is singing its vesper hymn, and the cockatoo is chattering and scolding as it trots after Maud's kangaroo. ' Maud, if we do not land now, we shall be late for dinner/ said Jack, her cousin. * What a soulless creature you are. Fancy any one thinking of dinner with, such scenery, and the sun just sinking. I'm ashamed of you, Jack.' * If s all very fine, Lady Maud. But scenery and sunsets one can't live on. We want some thing more substantial. And I'm knocked up rowing.* ' Nonsense. Tou are growing fat and lazy/ * I believe I have gained lib or 21b since this time last year. We were at your place then, Loys. Do you remember the fun we had ?' he asked Maud. * Remember — ok, yes — no— I don't know/ she answers confusedly, as her eyes meet those of Douglas Carruthers, and her thoughts wander sadly back to this time last year, when he and she were all in all to each other. She wonders with a pain at her heart whether he too remembers and longs for the old days again. It is a very shaky little hand she gives Douglas as he assists her out of the boat. They arrive at the house as the first gong sounds for dinner. ***** The drawing-room windows are throvrn open to the cool night air ; Maud steps out into the moonlit garden with Mr. Hastings, a young Englishman, who has come out for colonial experience. Some of the guests amuse themselves singing and playing. Jack and Douglas go to give the groom orders for their horses next moraing, as they in tend to ride out to the shepherd's hut. They then return to the garden. * Strange, Carruthers, the affection I have for this old pipe. I notice you take more kindly to cigars. . Ha ! There are Maud and Hastings, flirting as usual, I'll be bound. Hastings nearly took my ear off yesterday trying to crack a stockwhip. Didn't I just swear under my breath ; and there was that black imp Jimmie grinding at the barn door. Queer it is, these Englishmen cannot crack a stockwhip or sit a buckjumper.' ' Hastings is very attentive to Maud/ remarked Douglas. ?Well, old fellow, we all thought you and Maud meant to make a match of it. She's a dreadful flirt. But how did you come to quarrel ? Her fault I suppose.' ' Well, I daresay I am more to blame. I have such a beastly temper ; but she did seem as if she meant it with Carey ;' and he threw away bis cigar impatiently. Tom Hastings looked often at the tall dark girl so picturesque looking, with the moonlight kissing her soft hair, and lighting up the old gate covered with the passion vine, clsse to which, they stood. In a little while Douglas and Amy Gordon came from the house. Maud saw them go t© the rose walk, and heard Amy's clear laugh now and then, watched Douglas helping her to arrange a gloire de dijon rose in her hair, and thought savagely bow hateful Amy was to make such a * set ' at him. ' Shall we go in ?' asked Hastings. ' I think they are dancing; and there is my favorite waltz, tke Myosotis.' Douglas and Amy were dancing as Maud and her companion entered ; and they too glided gracefully round the long room; she saw Ted Carey come in, and nodded and smiled to Mm. He was an old admirer, but knew too well that Maud would never be anything to him. He re turned the smile, and made his way over to her. She sent Hastings to get another partner, slipped her arm through Ted's, and they went into the cool air, partly to please Ted, -also because she saw Douglas is ?watching her. ' You were very late, Ted. We expected you to dinner. I suppose you were busy on the station. This will be a good season, dad says. The last was a trying one for all.' He listened to her remarks, and thought the bad season was little in comparison with his bitter disappointment at finding he must give her up. The following morning Jack and some of the gentlemen rode over to Ted Carey's home, some eight miles from Merino. Others preferred staying at keme to play tennis. Maud was in a hammock slung between the trees, declaring that it was too hot to play. She was out of Berts with everything and everyone, having heard a whisper of an engage ment between Douglas and Amy that morning. Meanwhile Jack and his companions cantered through the bush, past the stockyards and shep herd's hut ; Jack keeping them amused with his bush yarns and thrilling accounts of adventures with the bushrangers, all for Hastings's benefit. They startled a kangaroo, and frightened a quail as they neared its nest through the thick scrub. It was afternoon when they turned their horses* heads homeward. Carruthers challenged Hastings to clear the fence and show his English riding. Jack and his dogs gave chase to a wallaby. When they arrived at home they found afternoon tea in the garden, Maud still in the hammock. Jack went over to her, the dogs after him. * Why will y«u take Royal with you, Jack? I don't like my dog going out. You bring him back quite tired.' ' Exercise is good for him. You don't seem over amiable, Miss Maud.' ' Oh, talk sense. Where is Ted? Tell him to come and disentangle this wool. That horrid cockatoo of yours got at it.' ' I'm not going to let Ted get caught in any more «f your tangles. You have wound one round him he can't disentangle. Tkere are too many love knots in it.* ? ? * Jack, you are the greatest nuisance some times. You talk such nonsense.' ' Hot I, my dear. You've no end ©f tangled threads about you. But for goodness sake leave poor Ted alone now. You can't appreciate him. I tell you if mere Australian fellows were like him, it would be welL See aow, he has cleared the debt off the place, and the nice home he has made for his mother and sisters/ '.' Jack, you grow quite eloquent on this subject, but all the same teo dictatorial and insufferable. Go and dress for dinner. . We don't want a stock man at table.' ' I look quite fetching in these top .boots. Ask any of the girls. But there's the governor call ing.' L 'Mr. Thompson and Aunt Joan joined the garden party. The former went over to Maud, and said anxiously, 'You look quite languid, -my dear, what is the matter P Jack says you are as cross as too sticks/ ' I, nothing of the sort ; it is the heat, dad ; we are getting summer, and no mistake/ Chapter H. *^ When the summer harrest was gathered in. And the sheaf of the gleaner grew white and thin. The reapers are busy gathering in the harvest. Maud and Hastings follow the ethers down to the wheatfields. They take tke path by the river. She stops to pull some sweet briar, and the pretty blossom ol the ti-tree which is just out. He asks whether any of the ladies intend to join the fishing party next day. 'No; it is far too hot for such a ride this weather. ~ I hope you'll bring back a good eup ply/ They pass some cows standing knee-deep in water, others lying under the shade of the enm trees; then on into the fields; the voices of the reapers they hear now and then; a plover flies over their heads with a shrill cry j in a tree are two laughing jackasses which make a deafening noise. Jack and Douglas are showing some of the girls how to reap in the next field ; others are busy raking; the hay. By-and-by Carruthers notices Maud standing alone, pafpaging one of the dogs, and goes over to her. ' Well, am I to congratulate you, Miss Maud?' She flushes angrily. 'I do not understand you, Mr. Carruthers. Pray, be more explicit/ rDo you not consider Hastings's thousands heavy enough bribe?' She does not answer. She is far too angry. She turns away from him. ' Your conversational powers are deserting you. I merely wished to offer my congratulations/ ' Am I to return the compliment?' she at last asks, with a sneer. 'Oh, no/ he replies. 'I prefer to be off with the old love ;' and his eyes meet hers. 'I suppose the 'old love' you allude to is a comparatively new one/ she says, with cutting scorn. 'Well, we need not quarrel. I may not be long here. Hastings and I think of taking tip land in West Australia after Christmas ; ana that time is not fax off. You can surely afford to be amiable. Let us be friends at least — if only for ' Auld Lang Syne.' ' ' I do not set much value on your friendship/ she retorts. ' You need not be sarcastic, Maud. You don't mean that — come — the others are going — the reapers have finished for this evening. How distinctly we can hear the tinkling of the sheep bells, and the barking of the dogs/ The sun was dying slowly out in the west ; over the hills was deepening the lovely, -amethyst haze ; there was the sound of a . woodman's axe in the distance ; presently would come night clothed in her silver garments, for the new raoon was already high up in the sky, and in tke crimson and gold of the dying day tke evening1 star was shining. That night Douglas asked Maud to sing, and whispered. If Maud were all that she seem'd, And her smite had all that I dream'd. Then the well were not bo bitter But a. smile would make it sweet. She gave him a faint littJe smile, but declined to sing. They carried on a conversation in a low tone, which was abruptly broken in upon by someone asking Douglas to sing a beautiful Ger man song he was so fond of. He was not too well pleased at having their conversation inter rupted; but he complied with the request. ' Must I accompany myself, Maud ?, or will you play for me ; and I'll take it as a good omen ; let us end the eld feud.' When the song was over she said to Vn'na, ? It was your fault we ever quarrelled. You were so absurdly jealous, and altogether without reason.' ? Ah, excuse me, I had good cause indeed. Now, don't go away. Miss Carey is playing a waltz. We have not had one together for so long. Let us try whether we still keep step as in tbe old days/ And he slipped his arm round her waist. On the verandah, sit Philip Thompson, and some of his guests, smoking. The summer wind rustled the leaves of the trees, and gently blew the grass on the lawn. Far away across the long stretch of plain to the left of the homestead, the grass was ablaze. 'How is tkat for our fishing to morrow?' asked Jack. ' What do you mean ? ' inquired Hastings. ? ' Well, I reckon if the wind chops round to the west we shall have pretty hot work. Then we'll see what fist you'll make at putting out a bush fire, Hastings/ ? A week had passed since the fishing excursion. Jack brought back with him some new arrivals — so that Christmas this year at Merino promised to be very merry. Great preparations were going on ; and they were to send for a quantity of the Christmas bush. The hay was nearly all in. That evening was to see tha last -wsLvcrn-n load. The day had been intensely hot, but now-^-at evening, a cool breeze had come up. Under a large gum tree they were preparing a gipsy tea. The girls had found it so warm indoors all day, that they were delighted to set out inte the cool air. Much laughing: aT1-i talking went on. One of them declared that the tea was smoked, because Hastings had been attending to the fire. They tell him he had yet to learn how to make ' quart pot' tea. In the distance there were tbe faint lowing of cows, and the shouting of the black boy, as he drove them home for milking. A clear 'cooey' rang through the bush, which Jack answered. He wagered that it was Ted Carey, which presently proved to be the case, for they saw kim clear a fence close by, dismount, and give his horfee to the boy. Then he joined the party under the tree. Amy Gordon, finding her captivating powers thrown away upen Carruthers, tried what effect they would have upon Ted, as sbe poured his tea out, and handed it to him. Maud fanned herself with her large hat, and smiled as she watched them, knowing how useless it was, though she could not help wishing the young fellow would take a fancy to some nice girl. Jack was lying on the soft grass, talking in a lew tone. Maud, looking round, saw them all merry and in pairs. She was the only one — she thought — left out in the cold. True it was she sent Hastings over with cake to Dora Lyle, where he was kept. But, then, she did not mind that. Surely old love does not die, and Douglas and she are friends again. She was in a deep reverie, and did not notice that the others had now gone into the hayfields, where the men were loading the waggon and calling to the bullocks. Then Douglas came to her. * You must have very pleasant thoughts or very deep ones, as you have allowed them all to leave you.' ' I de not know that my thoughts were so pleasant. They were deep, though — pleasure and pain — if you know what I mean. I was watching the tall poplars and fir trees in the distance, standing out so solemn looking in the twilight, and thinking of the fir trees dark and high. There is something sad looking about a poplar, I think/ ' The trees seeming to touch the sky, then, re minded you of Hood's poem — ah, that is an old favorite of mine, and sends me back to happy childhood, before '? Daddy Care ' and I became acquainted. Then, indeed, the sun ' never came a wink too seon, nor brought too long a day !' Do you know, lately the days have been to nae like weeks. Ah, Maud ! I ought to scold you.' ' It is simply ridiculous to talk like that; to all appearances you seemed content enough/ ' What a cold way you say that. You have said some very unkind things to me lately, Maud. Some one — I don't remember who — says, ' The clock of the tongue should be set by the dial of the heart.' ' * Well, I cannot regulate my tongue by my heart's dial/ she replied, 'considering that some time ago you told me I had no heart ; I ought to be glad, hearts are out of fashion now/ ' I think you have at last found yours, and lost it too. Am I right, Maud ? I shall .wait for nay answer at the old gate to-night/ he said, as Jack calls out te them to hasten. The' waggon was just leaving the hayneld loaded. The golden harvest moon had risen above the fields as the party returned homeward. When tkey reached the garden the air was fragrant with the scent of tke acacias and the magnolia. Passing through the gate, Douglas stopped and pulled a cluster of the scarlet and purple passion flower which climbed over it. He gave it to Maud, who took it and fastened it at her throat. # * * * ? A man leant over the gate, and sang There has fallen a splendid tear Froai the passion flower at the gate. Tke moon lighted up tke old garden. The wind sighed plaintively through the elms. A shower of blossoms fell from the acacia. A peal ef laughter came and went. Again the voice at the gate sang — She is coming, raj own, my sweet ; 'Were it ever so airy a, tread, Hy heart would hear her, and beat. Maud stepped into the garden, and trod lightly across the lawn. There was a great gladness in ker eyes. The summer clouds drifted on and on. The jasmine was blown, against the window sash. The old clock in the hall struck oat one by one the hour of 10. A girl's voice sang, 'Stay, Fleeting Time.' The sad note of the curlew was dis tinctly heard. The water as itrushed over the rocks had a sound like a sob. But, ah, what mattered it ! The figure under the passion vise was no longer alone ; and his arms no longer rested on the gate, but, instead, were round the Glim form of the jgirl at his side. The moon sailed majesti cally o'er them, as their lips met in one long Mas. What mattered the sobbing of the water and the sighing of the wind? For the 'old, old story* was once more, told, 'in tke golden harvest time/ WoMiONGONO AND. ITS SUBKOUHDINGS are beautifully illustrated in this week's Town a^d COUMTRT JODBNAI,. . .