. " In the midst of all; enthroned on a tufted grass tree, with a tall gomea stalk.in her hand, and a wreath of native roses on her head, sat Waratah, queen of the mountain fairies." ' (Bet the AnainiUan ffdxy tole "Frinoö CotoVGorn,'» os page Ufo) :'\\ ;.....'? ' -.' '? A í:Vr;;-"- ' :i: V'w-:'>;';'': v' ^i'-\\. 'i^\\l-:-y\\r, : : \\ . ????V'-.- i-'' '<; I Prince CoW-Corn ; OE THE MOUNTAIN FAIRIES, AND THE QUEEN OF THE BUNYIPS, (See illustration on page 1276.) " When all the light hath left tho west, And the wearied world hath «one to rest ; When the moon » ides high in the purple sky, From our forest home we fairies hie-' . Out of the wurm, «reeii heart of the earth, , To waken the woods with song and mirth." -EOBEET ElOHAÉDSON. (BY PRANK LEMON.) CHAPTER I. Years and years ago, before the days of land acts and free selection, before Sir John Robertson was born, before Captain Cook himself set foot upon these shores, and I don't know how many years before thac again, the great forests, the vast plains, and the doep secluded gullies of Australia were peopled by fairies, whose influence for good or ill was unerringly exercised upon tuose who pleased or offended them. Not that they went about openly, or were ever seen of the' people upon whom they set their good or evil spells. But legends of the time, which have come down to this present writer through many generations of ancestors, show clearly that the fairies did bestow rewards and *. -, inflict punishments, beyond all shadow of a * doubt ; and, although the connection between the merit and the reward, or the offence and the punishment, was not always clear at first, the piece of good luck or tue piece of ill luok, as the case might be, was invariably traced to the performance of some act whioh in one way or another affected the fairies or their domains. On one occasion, for example, a man felled a gum tree to obtain a wild bees' nest ; and a bee stung him on the baok of the neck. This in itself was not wonderful. But the sore place * swelled up ; and in a short time there grew" out from the man's neck a veritable gum sapling, which drove its roots through his veins, and bade fair to kill him. It was then ascertained that the gum tree, in falling, had broken the limb of a golden wattle in full bloom, and left it hanging from the trunk. Now, everyone knew, although no one had ever seen them, that the fairies danced under the wattle trees every moonlight night, and shook the yellow blossoms down for a carpet ; and the man was advised to bind up the broken limb, and water the tree every day till the branch healed. This he did ; and gradually as the wattle tree re covered, the awkward growth disappeared from the man's neck ; and he and the tree got well together. Again, a hardworking but not over well-to-do young man took a wife, and settled down to gain his livelihood in a cedar forest by the banks of a river. At the first birth his wife had twins, at the second three children were added to his family, and at the third four children came to him at a birth. Upon this his relations and friends gathered together to discuss the situation, and it was found that without the knowledge of her hus band, and without any evil intent on her part, the wife had gathered from the river aide, where with to stuff her pillows, a kind of moss which was known by the name of " fairy-frond." The visitation of children was at once ascribed to this desecration j the fairy-frond was returned to the spot whence it was taken, and the pillows were re-atuffed with native bears' fur ; ar,d thencefor ward the family was never increased by more than one at a time. Fairy-frond exists to the; present day under the name of mountain moss j and it still retains its old power, as may be proved by anyone wno has a mind to make a trial. Great floods, parching droughts, and bush fires, were all means by which the fairies made known their displeasure; and whenever any of theae calamities happened, it was sure to turn out that some one had killed a kookaburra, or tied a calf to a wild cherry tree, or lighted a fire on a fairy lawn, or in some other thoughtless way raised the ire of the merry elves of the forest or the glen. But the fairies distributed good luck as well as bad ; and many a man wondered why, in the midst of low averages and poor quality, the fruits of his own husbandry showed abundance and ex cellence, so far above those of his neighbors, until he remembered that in the course of his ' tilling he »ad destroyed a patoh ot toadstools, or black thistles, or that he had thrown grubs to a magpie, or Bnared a crow, or fed a little butcher bird with bread orumbs. Now, in the dayB of whioh I speak, the king dom of Maizalenta flourished in this great Bouthern land; its people prospered; its power and influence were acknowledged far and wide ; and it was, without doubt, the foremost of all the many nations whioh existed in those days under the light of the Southern Cross. Tue ruler of Maizalenta at this time waa King Sorghum, under whose wiso guidance tho country had at *: tained its position of eminence. King Sorghum was an old man. He had grown gray in service, and had reigned fifty years ; and his powers were now on the wane. B ut h ia people loved and honored him still, because, though he was growing old his wisdom waa Btill deep; and everything he said or did helped forward in some way the hap piness and prosperity of his people. Yet King Sorghum, strange to Bay, was not naturally a olevor man. He was stolid and persevering, but ^ not olever. His great secret of succesa lay in the fact that he propitiated the fairies by every means in his power ; and they in return cast over him a lucky spell. He never on any pretence allowed a wattle tree in bloom to be molested without severely punishing the molester. He kept the gullies which were known to be fairy haunts free from intrusion. He proclaimed sacred the cherry trees and the fairy-fronds, and all the magpies and kookaburras within his realm. In fact, he took such pa ns in the interests of the fairies that many people believed that he and they were in the habit of holding personal con verse and consultation. ThiB belief added greatly to his influence. But it was wron?, nevertheless. Sorghum had never spoken to a fairy in his life. King Sorghum had no children. In fact, he had no wife. The king was an old bachelor ; and perhaps this was one rea son why he was so devoted to the fairies. But, be that as it may, King Sorghum had no I children. And so it was that when a son was born to his younger brother, Prince Longstalk, the royal baby was hailed with joy throughout the country as Maizalenta's future king. Great bonfires were lighted as soon as the news of his birth was proclaimed ; and the people feasted and drank, and were in high glee. But the very highest point of rejoicing was reached on the day I fixed for the baby prince's christening. For when the royal nurse came first thing that morning to i his cot, there, suspended over the baby's head by a I thread of gold, was a beautiful cap of purple plush-the band ornamented with sprays of fairy ! frond, to which clung countless diamonds spark ling like dewdrops in the morning sun. From the top of the cap drooped a golden tassel, each thread of whioh was tipped with a precious gem j and inside the. baud were printed in golden letters these words. A sponsor's gift cap this, and fairy, borne, From Waratah to little Cob-o'-Corn. Now, Waratah was the queen of the mountain fairies, and the cap was a clear acknowledg ment that the new-born prince was to be re garded by her as a god-sbn. Indeed, had she not already performed the first. duty of a god-, mother by giving the child a name ? .. Prince Cob-o'-Corn! Henceforth this was to be biß title'; and when the name, and a full and correct account of how he came by it, were given out to the assembled orowda that day, they knew not how to snout their plaudits loud enough. Tot, how soon may a scene of triumph and gladness be turned to one of sorrow and dejec tion! The fond mother, with the baby prince crowing in her arms, desiring to gratify the mul titude, bade an attendant place the fairy cap upon his head. Scarcely had the aot been performed when the infant eyes closed, tho face , went pale, the little head dropped back, and the child Beemed to have fainted away. What grief and sorrow fell upon the royal household that day ! : In the very midst of their crowning happinpss, death appeared to have suddenly come forward to 1 claim the dearest of all earthly treasures, their first-born baby son ! Physicians were called in ; all the known i restoratives were used. But there was no good e result. And weeping and wailing were to b beard everywhere around. At length, after tw hours, a happy change took place. The Prino Cob-o'-Corn breathed again, the color re I turned to his baby lips, his eyes opened, i his dimpled arms were thrown about, he ! laughed and kicked as only healthy babies can, and his mother was well nigh beside herself with joy. The physicians looked very wise, and took great credit to themselves for tue Prince's won derful recovery 5 but »<is mother, gueasing that the fairy oap « ad been thè real cause of all that had happened, said nothing, but locked the cap in a casket, and hid it away in an inner drawer of her wardrobe, where for many years if lay un sought and undisturbed.