GHxAPTER XXIV. IN WHICII MARY HAWKER I.OSFS QNE OF HER OLDEST. SWEET HFARTS. a Sixteen years of peace and plenty Hlad'rolled: over the heads- of' James Stockhridge and myself, and we.had grown to be rich. Our agent used to rub his hand', and bow, whencver our high miglitinesses visited t9oVn. There .:as money in the bank, there was' clarct in the cellar, there were racehorsesin the paddock : in short. .we-were wealthy prosperous-men James a magistrate. November set inburning hot, and by the tenth the grass was as dry as stubble; still we hoped' for a thun derstorm and a few days' rain, but none came;. December wore wearily one, and by Christmas the smaller. creeks, except those -which were snow-fed, were reduced to a few muddy poolS, and vast quantities of cattle were.congregated within-easy reach of the river, from other people's runs. miles away. r.. Of course, feed -began to get very scarce,. yet we were hardly so had offivettas our.neighhours, for we had just parted with every beast we .could spare, at high.prices, to Port Phillip, and were only..waiting for the first rains to start after store cattle,.which-were somnewhat.hardto. get near the .new colony. . No rain yet,' and we v-ere in the end of Januaf'r, the fountains, of, heaven:-were dried up, but now tll, round the northern horizon.the Bush fires burnt continually, a pillar of smoke by:day, and a pillar offire by night. Nearer, by night; like an enemy creeping up to a beleaguered town. The weather had been very still for some time, and we took precaution to burn great strips of grass- all round the paddocks to the north, but, in spite of all our precautions, I knew that, should a strong wind come on from that quarter, nothing short of a miracle would save us. But as yet the weather was very still, not very bright, but rather cloudy, and a dense haze of smoke was over everything, making the distances look ten times as far as they really were; and rendering the whole landscape as grey and rneian choly as you can conceive. There was nothing much to be. done, but to sit in the verandah, drinking claret-and-water, and watching and hoping for a thunderstorm. On the third of February the heat was worse than ever, but.there.was no-wind; and as the sun went down among the lurid smoke, red as blood, I' thought I made out a few white brush-shaped clouds rising in the north. Jim and I Sat there late, not talk ing much. We knew that if we were to be burnt out our loss would be very heavy; but we thanked God that even were we to lose. every thing it would not be irreparable, and that we should still be wealthy. Our brood mares and racing stock were our greatest anxiety. We had a good stack of hay, by which we might keep them alive for another month; supposing all the grass was burnt; but if we lost that, our horses would probably die. I said at last, " Jim, we may. make up our minds to have the run swept. The fire is burning up now." " Yes, it is brightening," said he, " but it must he twenty miles off still, and if it comes down, with a gentle wind-we shall save the pad= docks. and' hay. There is a good deal of-grass in the lower paddock. I am glad we had- the forethought not to feed it- down. Well, fire or no fire, I shall go to hed." We went to bed, and, in spite of anxiety, mosquitoes, and heat, I fell asleep. -In the grey morning I was awakened, nearly suffocated, by a dull, continuous roar. It was the wind in the chimney. The north wind, so long imprisoned, had broke Iose, and the boughs were crashing aid the trees were falling, before the majesty of his wrath. I ran out, and met James in the verandah. " It's all up," I said. " Get the women and children into th river, and let the men go up to windward with the sheep-skins. I'll get on horseback, and go out and see how thb' Morgans get on. That obstinate fellow will wish lie had come in niow." Morgan was a stockmani of ours, who lived, with. a wife and two children, about eight miles to the northward. We always thought it would have been batter for him to move in, but he had put it off, and now the fire had- taken us by sur prise. I rode away, dead-up wind. 'Our station had a few large trees about it, and then all was clear plain and short grass for two miles ; after that came scrubby ranges, in .an open glade -of. which, the Morg.ns' hut stood. I feared, from the density of the smoke, that the fire had reached them already, but I thought itmy duty to go and see, for I might meet them- fleeing, and help them with the children. I had seen many bush-fires, but never such a one as this. The wind was blowing a hurricane, and, when I had ridden about two miles into scrub, high enough. to brush my horse's belly, I began to get frigh tened. Still I persevered, against hope; the heat. grew more"fearful every moment; hut I reflected that I had often ridden up close to a bush-fire, 'turned when I. began-. to see the flame through the smoke, and cantered away from it easily; Then it struck me that I hIad never yet seen a bush~fire in such a hurricane as this. Then I rememi bered stories of.men riding for their lives, and others of burnt horses and men found in the bush. And; now. I saw a sight which- made me turn iii good earnest. I was in lofty timber, .and, as I paused, I heard the mighty crack. ling of fire coming through the wood. At the same instant the blinding smoke- burst into a million tongue of flickering flame, and I saw the fire -not where I had EVer seen it be fore-not creeping along among the scrub-but up aloft, a-hundied and fifty feet- overhead. It had caught the dry bituminous tops of the higher boughs, and'was flying' along from tree-top to'tree-top, like light ning. Below, the wind. was con parativelyo moderate, but, up thIlere, it was- travelliig: tienty-nmilestan hour,. I. saw.- one. tree igilie -like gun-c.tton, and then my heart grew small, . and L turned, and fled. (To, b oo~ntinued.)- "861