H*OW JACK LITTON LOST IS CHRISTMAS DINNER, AND HOW lIE FOUND . (Br J.A.E.) CnAPT?a,ntl. Christmas Day on Myrtle Flat. Bright, sunny and very hot, even for an Australian Christmas. The sooth. westerly wind that has been blowing all the previous night and early morn ing is dying away, and indications of an approaching thunderstorm are per. ceptible, as Mrs Litton busies herself preparing the dinner for her expected son, often glancing anxiously down the road to see if there are any signs of his coming. A fresh and still comoely matron, a little over 40, she is active and bustling, preferring to do her own housework, though in very comfortable circumstances. People at one time wondered how so pretty a girl as Mary Gibson, with a bit of property, too, could think of marrying a crabbed, lame, ugly man, old enough to be her father; but she did, and for love, too, and the love yet remained, and woeas only equalled by that for her only son -our friend Jack. To extenuate her want of taste, we must tell our readers that Andrew Litton was not a com monplace man. The younger son of a substantial farmer in the north of England, he had had a fair educa tion, besides learning his father's business; but having been jilted when quite young, he had enlisted in a dis. tinguished Highland regiment, and served with it through the Crimean war, and subsequently in India, during the mutiny, where, having attained the rank of Sergeant Major, and gained the Victoria cross, he had to retire on a pension, with one leg shortened by nearly two inches. His strongly marked features, bronzed and rough. ened by campaigning, looked harsh and stern, and the gruff abrupt man ner acquired in the same school were not generally prepossessing, but a kind heart and well-informed mind were hidden under the hard outer crust, which his wife was one of the few who could penetrate. Though dearly loving his son, his habits of discipline and grim manner and ap pearance had rendered him more an object of awe and reverence than affection, on Jack's part, while his mother gained his fondest love. Myrtle Flat, is an extensive stretch of rich land on the bank of one of the finest rivers in Gippsland, and is dotted over with thriving farms, and of fall these, though there were some larger, there were none more fertile or better kept than Andrew Letton,s. His savings during his military career ad his share of his father's property, amounted to a tidy little sum, with which he emigrated to Australia, where he met, wooed and won his bride, an orphan, wileho had been brought up by an aunt, a farmer's wife, who had carefully nursed the girl's small inheritance as well as himself, so that she found herself at one and twenty msistress of a nice little head of dairy cattle, and three or four hundred pounds in the bank. Coming into Gippsland on their marriage they had selected a capital piece of land on Myrtle Fat, which, with their stock and capital, and their early experience in farming, enabled them to make the best use of. They had a small but comfortable house, standing in a well stocked orchard and garden, which they bad occupied for several years. their first residence, a few hundred yards away, being turned over to the men's use. The out buildings stood between the two, andi were ample, and in good order, andt the whole establish. ment showed the signs of comfort anti plenty, and care and good manage. ment. Andrew Litton limped into the hitchen with a basket of fresh gathered fruit to find his wife putting the finishing touches to a fat goose, before putting it info the oven. " No sign of Jack yet, father," she said with a sigh. " Whatever's keep ing the boy ?" All lIst night I've been looking for him and ho's not come yet. Iwish we'd never let him go round the country shearing-that hei is'nt here to-day, of all days in the year." "Tut, tut, woman, what's fretting ye ? The lad can't be tied to your apron strings all his life. lie must learn to rough it a bit, and work his way, and know what 'dooty' means." "Isn't it his duty to be hero to-day, when he promised ?" "Maybe, mabye, but he may have other 'dootice' which come first. Never fear, he'll be home soon. I just saw Mrs Benson, and her lad's not home either, and you know Harry would come as soon as Jack." "True," said Mrs Litton, "but I can't help missing him eso much to day. He's never been away from us before on this day. Something must have happened to him. The sky over the ranges was all red last night with bush fires." "Don't worry about that old girl," Andrew replied, laying his hand kindly on her shoulder, "that's out of his road altogether. I saw that, too, last night, and was glad the wind was taking the fire eaway from the flat, andl think we'll have a thunderstorm soon, and that will put it out and cool the air a bit." Poor Mrs Litton kept delaying her dinner as long as possible, in the vain hope of her son's arrival, and at last, when the goose was dried to a chip and the vegetables spoilt, site and her husband sat down to it with but sorry appetites, and made a pretence of I feasting. The storm came on in the evening, and added to the mother's uneasiness, and Andrew smoked an extra pipe and drank two or three glasses of toddy in grim silence. Night came at last, anil the couple went to bed, after the dullest Christmas Day they had spent since their marriage. Boxing Day morning was hiely. The storm bad passed and left thoeair clear and fresh, while the sun shone in a 

 cloudless sky over Myrtle Flat. On a piee. of common land in front of the publichouse, store, blaeksmith's and butcher's shops that constituted the township, preparation werebelng mode for the enorts usually held on that day, and by noon nearly all theresidents hod assembled there. Spring carts, bugeieo and drays, crowded with children, drew up on the green. Young men and women, dressed in their best, come cantering along from all directions, while many, who lived near the scene of action, came on foot. Among those woere Mr and Mers Litton and their noear neighbour, Mrs Bonson. The latter, a faded, careworn woman of ifty, was neaccompanied by her daughter, a rather plain, awkward girl of fourteen. IHer lines had not been cast in such pleasant places as the Littone. Left a widow with a baby girl and n son of 12 years old, she had had a hard struggle to keep her little bit of land, and clear off the debts with which her thriftless husband had encumbered it, and though she and her boy had worked bravely, they would never have succeeded but for the juiet, unostentatious help of her gruff but kind neilebbour. As Harry had grown up, things had improved, and tis yearly shearing tour always brought in a very seorriceable sum, so that she was now almost out of her difficulties, but the years of toil and anxiety had told upon oher, and she was already an aged woman. Andrew Litton, leaning on a stout crutch handled stick, limped through the crowd with head erect and chest thrown out, like the ancient warrior be was, giving short nods and brief ,rectings to his acquaintances, while his wife smiled and spoke pleasantly to all, and Mrs Benson answered her riends in her usual weary, subdued manner. The absence of their sons, Iwho would, if there, have been active ompetitors in the various games, had Sdisturbing effect upon all three, and as a commencement was made with tome of the children's races, their eyes were anxiously turned towards the oad from town by which they might to expected to come. At last, whon some of the minor events hod been concluded, a cry was ieard, "There's Harry Benson at net, and with two packborsee." " Yes, that's Harry's old grey and Ie big bay. but where's the chestnut ? and where's Jack Litton ?" Driving the two loose horses before timo at a smart canter, Harry was saoon it the midst of the throng, who velcomed him warmly, but be pushed n to whero his mother and the Lit :ons were standing. " How d'ye do. mother." How d'ye to, Mrs Litton," How d'ye do An Irew," he cried, with hearty hand bakes, "but where's Jack ?" "Jack!" exclaimed Mrs Litton. " Ie nt he with you P" "No!" "Isn't behere?" criedHarry, in some starm ? " Hasn't he come home yet ?" "No, said Andrew, " he has not Come home. Why is he not with yon ?" Harry turned pale as he replied, ' He left me on Christmas eve to take the short track along the divide, so as to be home to dinner yesterday. Can he have lost his way ?" "Heavens," exclaimed the poor mother, "and there were bush fires burning on the range all last night and yesterday. "My boys lost, lost," and sio cried bitterly. Old Andrew stood erect, stern and silent, hut his twitching fingers, his face pale to the lips, and the heaving of his chest, told hown' deeply he was affected. " Come, mother," he said, gently, touching her arm, "let us get home, and I'll go and find him." "Not you, sir," said Harry eagerly, 1 will go, and I am sure others will, too." A score of the young men were rushing to their horses, when old Stove Goodall, the oldest bushman in the assemblage, reared his gaunt form, and in his strident voice, cried " Steady boys, steady, don't be in too great a hurry." " I'll make one if you'll listen to reason, an do as I tell'o, an we'll be off in 'arf an 'our." While old Steve, whose professed oc. cupation was hunting kangaroos or wallaby, but who was strongly sus pected ofcattle duffing and illicit dis tillation, but also was admitted to be better acquainted with the intricacies of the ranges than any other man in the country, was speaking, Andrew Litton had led his weeping wife home, and kissing her tenderly at the door, had called up one of his men to bring up Major, the horse he usually drove in his waggonette, and put a saddle on thim at once, and in a few minutes be was galloping towards the ranges, as if charging an enemy. Steve Goodall had in thle meantime issued his orders. "Twelve on ye with with the best horses will do. One of yeas take a tommyhawk, a strong sheet or two, a piece o' line an' things, in case one has, which Lord forbid," he whispered," to make a stretcher. Take some tucker too an' summat to drink, and thoen it away as quick all quiet on you can." You Hlarry git a bite quick an take my roan mare; she's fresh an strong, an' your's is tired an foot asre. Look sharp now, lad, while I saddle old Ginger." IHis orders were promptly attended to, sand ill half an hour a dozbeen well mounted young meo, including our friend, iHarry, fully equipped with am blaonce requisities, were cantering away from the scene of the, sports now neglected by everyone. As they came to Littou's slip pannel Stove's sharp eye caught sight of the breoh hoof prints. ",Hullo," he shouted, " Muster Litton's gone off before us on that big cart 'oss of his'n, an' the way he's ridin' him they'll both be cooked afore he gits to Jonea's we une must push on and look acter him," and with that the .whole party quickened their pace, but 

 otill keeping a rate that thie horcee could last at for some distance. At the end of six or seven miles they overtook the poor veteran, exhausted by the emotion and the unwonted oexertion, which caused great pain to his crippled leg. His horse, too, un used to such work, was blown and staggering with fatigue, and would very likely have fallen if pushed much I further. With much pereuasion they got the old man to remain at Jones's farm, now near at hand, where he was laid upon a sofa and attended to by the good wife, while her husband joined the search party. Under Steve's guidance, the party resumed their journey, and when they reached the region where the fire had raged they searched diligently in every direction, but without avail. The heavy rain that had fallen had so washed the ground that no tracks could have been soon, had there been any, and at last, wearied and dispirited, they turned their horses' heads ;home. wards. Harry and Steve determined to renew the search on the morrow, though with but faint hopes of finding poor Jack alive, and some of the othera offered to accompany them, and they were arranging their plane as they slowly returned to Jonees's. At Jones's they found poor Andrew Lit ton, ill in body and mind, though try. ing to bear up with soldierly fortitude. As he was quite unfit to mount his horse again Mr Jones's huggy was brought out, and old Major harnessed to it, and Harry Benson undertook to drive the suffering old man home, and thus, in melancholy fashion, the caval cade slowly returned to Myrtle Flat. (TO SE CONTIVUED.)