CHAPTER VII.-sua LOVES ANOTHER. A FULL week had elapsed, and Walter North cote had so far recovered as to be adlo to sit up in bed. -But on his first coming to con sciousness he showed so much antipathy to the kind physician to whose skill his early con valescence undoubtedly ought to be attributed, that that young gentleman determined to treat him in the future through the medium of his assistant. On the last occasion he visited the patient, the latter, before coming face to face, with him,: cried "' Oh ! doctor, may I open my letters ? They are very important, I assure you." " You: had better not," cried Torrens, kindly; " that is, if you expect anything ex citing in any of them." There was a pause of a few moments, after which Mr. Northcote cried in a voice, almost choked with emotion " You here, the destroyer of my daughter? I had given orders that you should not be ad mitted under this roof. Begone, sir, before I call down the curse of Heaven upon your head. There can be nothing in my letters that can excite me half so much as your presence. Leave me, I command you, and never return again." The young doctor was astonished at the speech, and, it is needless to say, greatly hurt. Then he remembered that sick people some times appear. to be clear of delirium while still under its influence, and that very frequently they take antipathies against their nearest and dluarest relatives. This comforted him to an extent, and so, being too good a physician to injure his charge in any way, lhe silently left the -room' and sent Dr. Urwick to see and report upon the condition of the master of the Priory: - That gentleman returned in half an hour, to say that the patient was perfectly clear in his mind, but so excited about some fancied injury he (Torrons) had done his daughter, that he feared a relapse, o . " He begged me to permit hil to open the pile of letters lying unopeiud for him," con tinued Urwick, " but under the circumstances I thought it would be best to decline the per mission." " Quite right, Urwick," returned his em ployer moodily. "Thereis soea mystery here. I cannot quite make it out. I have endea voured to speak to Gwen-Miss Northcoto during the last few days, but she has regularly avoided rue ; the civilest and longest reply 'yet received from that young lady, and that,ut tered under evident excitement, being 'Oh I think of my father at present, not of me.' I'll go and see her at once. He has been days out of d angor, but. still she avoids inme. I'll have a's explanation." " decidedly should sir," replied Dr. Ur wick readily. "'And yet, what is there to explain ?" pon dered George Torrens, piursing his handsome open brows together. " Ay, what indeedl Ladies are so peculiar." " But her father is not a lady." " No," but she may have prejudiced him," replied the experienced assistant, feeling that he was entering on delicato grounid. " But she must first be-she must have reason to be offended with me." " Have you given her no cause ?" said Ur wick, as if after an effort. " Have .I given her no cause " cried George, in a puzzled way. " Good Heavens I what can I have done unconsciously ?" '.' I can't imagine, Dr. Torrens," returned his assistant, " but in candour I must confess that some reports have been lately circulating through the town-vague reports, I confess, but all the more serious on that account."' " Reports about me ?"' shouted George Torrens, halting suddenly, and glaring down upon ihis companion. " Excuse me, sir," answered his informant with dignity. " It was no part of my business to inform you of matters that are too common. :Who is safe from the tongue of scandal? I have heard, but I heeded not-" '.' Heard what ?" " Oh, something idle and ridiculous,, of course-about flirtations and the other sex.' People of the world give no weight . such things. In the country I fear the cur t:; are different." ":AAh, I see I" cried George, almn-, joy fully. Why, Mr. Allen mentioned s met dng -of this to'me the other, day, but it o- .t not seem to me to be worth thinking al. ;t: but yet-ah I now I think of it, those sic try people. believe and are horrified ' ere trifles. It was only yesterday tha t inel Williams nd.' his wife crossed the' 6:s in front of me without saying a word orf aising a hand ; and then the vicar, Conon Mowbray I thought it was a mistake-last night omitted to receive my proffered hand-and-oh I in this light I can' understand a hundred circum stances, the significance of which I did not understand till now. I thank you, Urwiok, for giving me" the hint" (heor he seized his assistant's hand, and shook it warmly), " and will clear the whole matter away. These idle and foolish rumours must be the cause of my darling's estrangement.', I'll see her at once, and disabuse her mind and that of. her father. Yes, these must be the cause-or-". . " What sir?" :' o " Something has occurred on the day of my brother's visit," replied George, knitting Isis brows together, and pacing rapidly up and down the surgery. Then he paused, and cried passionately, as if unconscious of Urwiok's presence ," Why not 1 I am dulland Iheo is bright. I aim commonplace, and hle handsome as a knightlt..of ehlvalry. I have done nothing to please such a girl in her gay, light humours, while hheheld her euitrancd' with the eloquence Of his matchlers tongue-atnd above all this ho 

 saved her life-he saved her life. Oh'! my brother," he continued, in a great agony of feeling, "I would rather have died for thee than made this sacrifice." With these words, George Torrens rushed out into the street like one possessed of evil spirits. Dr. Urwick, still amazed at the depth of his employer's emotion, behld hinm irush madly up in the direction of the Great Ktrcih road. After a time, hle said, with involuntary emotion-?.. "By Heaven I he is a splendid fellow, and that brother of his no less. So he believes his brother has robbed' him of Miss Northcote's affootions. Very convenient idea that, if I still must proceed in this conspiracy. Why should I not 1 I remain to starve in debt if I tell him all, and, good as he is, he will not present me with a competence. No, no ! I must on. Curse the luck that has reduced me to this. Yes, I must to the widow with this discovery. When he is calmer he will ask Miss Gwen for an explanation. The girl is satisfied of his guilt, but to avoid a scene will assert that she loves him not. Maxwell's teaching has brought her thus far; a hint fr.,m her may make her own she loves another. In that case he will be sure to believe his surmise about his brother right-and then what then 9 One of two things. He may either kill that brother, although he loves him better than life, or he may do the magni ficient magnaminous and vacate the field for him. Let me see. The latter course is the likeliest, so we will on, good Maxwell, For long years I have 'looked upon this world as being -bad, and its badness only differing in degree. That was when I was kicking about the world in the navy. No sooner do I mix in the world than I find it filled with good self sacrificing people-persons who sacrifice their own happiness for that of others." A serious accident happened at Emu Plains on Friday afternoon. Henry Evans a butcher, brother to Evanls the well-known cricketer, whilst yarding cattle, was endeavouring to get away, and in climbing the fence lie was gored by an infuriated cow, with very long horns. His flesh was very much lacerated, and his condition is considered serious. 

 The Melbodrne railway authorities havy. altered the departure of the express train, s6 thit it \\will reach Sydney ten minutes earliuz than the usual time. The case against Captain Sui'ensoi; 'charged with assaut on the high seas, was concluded at Bris'ane last Friday evening, and resulted in bringing in a verdict of guilty. Sorenson was counmitted to prison pending the decision of the full court upon technical points raised by pri solner's cOunsel. A destructive bush fire has been raging for some days past on Baranduda Station on the Victorian side of the Murray near Wodonga. Over 150 men are mustered to check its pro gress, kbut it is feared that great loss of grass and property must ensue, unless the weather changes.