BOB: A TALE OF ADVENTURE IN WEST AUSTRALIA. [By Tihon.] [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV.— Caught in a Net. Wright pulled up within a few paces of Bob, dismounted, and began an eager conversation with the blacks. Although I could not understand a word, I knew quite well that he was enquir ing for us. Apparently the answer he received did not satisfy him, for in a very short time he turned to his horse and tried to remount I noticed — for I could not resist watching him out of the corner of ray eye— that his face was pallid to ghastliness. He was evidently ex hausted by the long ride, to say nothing of the chloroforming aud subsequent emotions — and after making one or two ineffectual attempts to regain his saddle he sank fainting on the ground. My first impulse was to fly to his assistance, but an imperious gesture from Bob obliged me to resume my invalid's rdle. After all he did not stand in need of my aid. Black fellows are capital doutors, their skill in sur gery surpassing in some respects that of the European. Under their able treatment Wright speedily recovered sufficiently to swallow some food, but when he tried to rise his limbs gave way under him. 'There's no help for it,' I heard him mutter. 'I must just camp down here for the night. That'll give the young devil another day's start, worse luck.' If Wright felt dismay I felt it a great deal more. To have our enemy thus brought to our very door was a most perplexing circum stance. His knowledge of tho two languages made it impossible for us to communicate with each other or with the natives. And then, could we depend absolutely oa the blackfellows' loyalty? Bob had bound them to her by tho promise of reward. Might not Wright outbid us and thus gain their favor? These were the pro blems that tormented me as I lay there within a stone's-throw of Bob — unable to communicate with her and chafing furiously against my en forced inaction. How I longed to kick my skins and bandages to the winds — to fall upon Wright, bind him hand and foot, and off to the forest with Bob. But who could divine what side the blackfellows would take in the fray ? At present they divided their attentions pretty equally between us. My old crone brought me food and driuk and another woman ministered to Wright. The men went olf to fish. Only the two native women and Bob were left in charge of the invalids. Presently I saw Bob rise and slip away to join the men. I won dered what they were Baying. Bob's faco didn't help me when she returned. She still looked anxious, ;but her calmness and courage did not desert her. I could not but admire her consistent performance of ber r61e. Shs could not go on singing lullaby for ever, especially as the baby was sound asleep, so she busied herself with the elsins, turning them over in the sun and sewing them together with a needle made of Bah bone aud threaded with sinews. Once she brought me water, speaking mean while in the native tongue. I was concerned to know how to frame my reply, but her ready wit solved the problem. 'Just grunt,' she said under her breath. So I grunted. And apparently this was deemed a satisfactory response. (I haB'd on this piece of information for the benefit of those who may wish to con verse in the blackfellowe' tongue.)^ I was thankful when the' shades of evening closed around us,: for as long as daylight lasted I was kept on 'the gut vive. Wright might wake at any moment or he might even now be feigning sleep, and the slightest indiscretion On my part would prove fatal to our cause. I dared not remove the skin thrown over me lest the nether garments of civilisation should, betray me, and what I suffered fr%m the heat no tongue could ever' telL Perspiration streamed from my forehead and I began to fear the black pigment would be washed away. This was another reason for welcoming the approach of darkness. ' . .' ..Wright went oa Sleeping the heavysleep of exhaustion* but!l-hardly] closed ms eves that ?-. ?;? ' i' '?:? ? -us i.:!PS'i£ 1 !??-'. ^vU ??/?????:?? ??*- : night. All kinds. of perplexing problems pro- . sentod themselves to my mind. How was i to get speech with Bob ? Howwere we to concert a fresh plan? Would Wright leave at daybreak as he proposed, or Bhould we be hampered by his society for some time longer? Would the blackfellows stick to us or take sides with the newcomer? The dawn of a fresh day found these questions Btill unanswered. The camp was soon stirring. I signed to the old crone to come back to me and rolling the skin tightly round me I lay with my face to the ground. Wright awoke, stretched himself, and stood upright. .-Sleep had evidently restored him to his normal health. He walked up and down snuffing tbe morning air with evident relish ; then he paused in front of-me-and asked some question of my nurse. What her answer was I could- not make out, but he continued to stand by, and although I could not Bee him I felt sure he was Watching me with a suspicious eye. He began poking my covering about with his foot .and I was thrown into the utmost consternation by the fear lest some portion of my European clothing would be revealed. Then he strolled away and bosan talking to some of the men I would have given worlds at that moment for the power of understanding their native speech. It was a relief to hear Bob's voice coming fiom the same quarter. She chanted a line or two of their lugubrious refrain and then stopped short. I know this was meant to assure me that she was on tho alert and listening to tho men's talk. Wright came back again, sat down close beside me, and uttered a short, disagreeable laugh. Evi dently he had changed his mind about starting at daybreak. The situation was maddening. It had seemed bad enough to be hemmed round by troopori at the grog Bhanty, but this was a thousand times worse, for there I found some scope for action, and here .1 was in the position of a deaf and blind man waiting for a voice and a guiding hand. Why hadn't my schoolmaster taught me native Australian dia lects instead of Latin and Greek? These fellows might all be plotting murder for aught I knew and Bob had no means of giving me a hint. At length the instincts of the Britisher, which place a ' wash' among the cardinal ne cessities of life, came to my relief. Wright got up suddenly and went off to the creek. I could hear him splashing and whistling as be laved in the cool water. Then Bob, tho baby in her arms, came towards me, seated herself and began her crooning song; but this time the words were English. Chapter XVI.— Stand and Dkliveu. 'There— is— dan— ger,' chanted Bob as she swayed backwards and forwards. 'Hissus — pi-cionsare ar — ous — ed.' Then this admirable girl, always mindful of her part, sang some native words in a louder key. Relapsing into her low crooning voice she wont oa — 'Says he will not leave till you are well enough to stand up aud look him in the face. Has been talking to the men, asking questions aud promising rewards. I fear we cannot trust them ; but the women are true.' ' What do you propose V ' Keep quiet all day, then at sunset we mjist steal away. The men are going off to perform some sacrud rite— only the women and Wright will be left here.' 'Thank goodness,' I Eaid fervently. 'Does he suspect you?' 'No, fortunately he does not. Don't look in my direction. Do nothing to awaken sus picion.' Then Bob began her native song and I knew Wright was coming back from the creek. The old lubra glided towards me, drew my head on her lap and began rearranging my bandages. I guessed that., a streak of white was showing somewhere. Much to my relief my enemy did not recommence his unpleasant attentions. He—was probably reserving him self for the evening, when he wouid have only women to deal with. For, although the men had shown signs of wavering none of them had gone over openly to his side. Although Bob's plan presented sundry difficulties the prospect of action was enough to enable me to shake off my nervous depression and set my imagination trotting. Anything was pre ferable to lying there like an insensate Jog, and the spice of danger in the scheme only served to stir the ardor in my blood. Hope revived in my breast and I grew so con tented and at ease that I was able to derive positive amusement from watching the strange doings of our native hosts. They didn't seem the least particular what they ate — lizards, epiders; ants— all was grist that came to their mill and I began to speculate on the nature of the food they had been cramming into my mouth on the previous day. But the oddest sight of all was to see the women lying down to rest on their knees and foreheads. It made me ache all over to look at them. The mother of Bob's baby was quite pretty and her long hair was coiled into a becoming 'chignon.' The baby bad the most wide-awake, clever little face imaginable, although it could not have been more than two months old. This was the only child in the camp. The nearest in age was a youth of about 16 and I guessed the approaching ceremony to be his initiation into the rites of manhood. It was strange to see how at borne Bob looked in this native crowd as she passed in and out, taking her share in all their peculiar domestic arrange ments. She never spoke to me but once, when passing my couch, she whispered, 'Thisnighb —when the old woman makes the sign — to the creek.' At sunset tho men began busying them selves with preparations for the mysterious rite, and, one by one, they disappeared into the forest. Wright was walking up an*l down iu an agony of impatience. I knew as cer tainly as if he had confided the plan to mo that he was only waiting for the black fellows to be out of earshot to tear off my bandages and discover tho fraud. I did not fear him iu the least. I knew that-if it came to pitched battle I could hold my own, against him and I rather enjoyed the idea of coming to close quarters with him. Bufi for the sake of Bob's mysterious mission it would be far better to get off without revealing our identity. I looked around for Bob— she had slipped away. She was not with the men, I knew, for tho eye of woman is not allowed to witness their sacred rites. The short twilight would soon end and then the signal -would be given. Tbe last mau was getting ready to go. Wright had. sauntered up to him. Just then the old lubra sitting by my side crawled off on her hands and knees through the scrub. Then turniug back quickly with a littlo sor pen line action _t hat did credit to her ancient bones Bhe snatched the skins from me, rolled hereelf up like a mummy, and lay motionless on the ground, This was my cue. Imitating her action I crawled off on my hands and knees, getting horribly scratched aud torn by the thorns with which 'all the bushes were plentifully armed, aad not daring to assume a perpendicular attitude till, the trees had closed in around me. Then I stood still and listened. I could . hear, a footstep ahead of me, moving towards the creek. , This I supposed was Bob. I took courage and went on, hastening my steps as well as the density of the timber would permit. The step . moved on. I tried a faint;'Oo6-ee.' The answer came back. This was followed by absolute silence. Bob-was. waiting for me. I must hurry. About a hundred yards further on the trees had been cleared by » bush fire. In this direction I bent my steps, and then at the end of a long vista, lit by the red sunset clow, stood— not Bpb— but WrightJ ilnjaa see him now, as, with a devilish Bmile on his Ups,Wraised his revolver and covered mo.: I ?was at my wits' end. If Ijaoyed aniiwpihhfi : wouldfire. .I'resolvea ^ijfi^itorley, ?;._. ?-;.???? :'? ?.♦?W*u*.ao-toyWt^;s:^^^»V---V^:.::' ' ?.': : . .??,:? -»'? ?.-!j-ji.iW; ?,-'??''-?'? ^:''^-+'l:~P?:f'??Cysyi'\\-' '??'? - i.. ' ??' '?!?:': ?'?'. ' ' ''?'? ' I want the paper you stole,' he called back, in his Burly tones. 'I refuse to give-it up.' 'Well, then, you are a dead man.' I Teally thought I was ! If we had been at close quarters I could have flung myself upon him and wrung the weapon from his grasp, but at this distance he held me iu his power.. 'I'll give you five minutes to reflect,' he eaid, pulling out his watch. If 1 could set down all that passed through my mind during those waiting moments I would fill a book. Need I say tbat thoughts of Bob— fears for her safety— agonised ques tions as to what would become of her in tin's lonely spot after niy death, occupied the fore most place. 'Will you give up the paper?' Wright asked sternly. 'Never.' 'Then take the con9equenoes.' lie raised the pistol. I closed my eyes, believing my last hour had come, and then a woman's cry was heard. ' Steve— murderer ! I defy you.' The revolver was struck out of his hand and Bob Btood before him. Wright's face turned livid with rage. ' Why, Jean, you devil, is it you?' Before I had time to roach the spot he had clutched her by the throat. Chapter XVII.— Lost in the Bush. I never longed for a weapon as I did at that moment. Had I owned a revolver Wright would soon have bit the dust. In reality I only spent a few seconds in crossing the space that separated us, but those seconds seemed hours now that the murderous bands were clutching Bob's throat. Stealing up behind him I dealt out a blow that might have felled an ox. Wright was a powerful man, tut the stroke was scientifically planted and ho went down like a ninepin. I believed I had killed him. Had I really done so I need have felt no remorse. If ever there was a case of justifiable homicide this was it. 'Has he hurt you, the scoundrel?1 I asked. Bob was trembling all over. 'Not much; only shaken a little. Oh! ffli.it was nothing, nothing in comparison fc'ith- — ' 'In comparison with what ? ?' 'With the fear that ho would shoot you,' ehe said softly. I vow that at this critical moment there »hot through me such a feeling of ecstasy as morn than compensated for all the dangers and difficulties of the way. To know that at such a supremo moment her first concern was for me- -that she feared my loss more, than personal dauger, and counted being shaken by the throat by this ruffian nothing, nothing (theso were her own sweet words) in comparison with the risk I van — filled mo with a passion of delight. But the sobering thought that this was merely the result of womanly pity — that her lovo was reserved to bless another man's life— soon came to check my joy. 'Lfifc us get away from this,' Bob said, easting affrighted glances upon the silent figure at our feet, tiho had resumed her boy's dress and such was her thoughtfulness tbat Flic; bnd transported tlio rest of my clothing end swag to this meeting place. My toilet wns soon cotnplated and taking her hand iu mine we set olf through the thick scrub. '.Shall wo find the horses, do you think'.' Bob asked r-.nxiousiy. ' I'm afraid not. Those blackfellows have probably got them iu safe keeping. We slia.ll have to foot it till wo stvike another diggers' rest. Then wo must bargain for lresh mounts.' I had plenty of gold iu my belt, and I knew Bob was equally well provided ; and even in uncivilised countries gold is the talisman to unlock most difficulties. But it is not o£ much Me in the native bush. Had 1 been willing to give 'a kingdom for a horse' no one would have been found to make the exchange. Never shall I forget that night spent wandering through the dense thicket. 'All the bushes were armed with thorns and a, wretched prickly burr clung to our garments. At every etep we were scratched and torn and bleeding. Every now aud then our feet stumbled over jagged fallen trunks or blundered against tall white ant nests, rising as columns between the trees. To add to our misfortunes the night was pitch dark and we could not pee a hand's length in front of us. In such circumstances I deemed it prudent to make a halt. 'We had better camp down here till day break,' I said, 'we shall only miss the track.' 'I don't think I could go much further,' Bob said plaintively. Her weary tone went to my heart. ' Are you very tired ?' I asked. ' Dreadfully — and so thirsty.' Alas we had wandered far away from the creek. I looked about in despair. 'Shall I go to look for some?' I asked. 'Oh, no — you plight never find me again,' fihe said, with a little shudder. ' I must just bear my thirst ; that's all ! ' She could bear it more easily for herself than I could bear it for her. I could tell by the tone of her voice that her sufferings had reached agony point. But there was no help for it. She must 'just bear it,' as she said. I selected a spot hemmed in by the trunks of fallen trees, scraped together a bed of leaves and bracken, and induced her to lie down. Then I moved away. 'Please don't go too far,' her voice said pleadingly. I felt myself tremble from head to foot. ' I will lie down here— the other side of the lo^,' I answered as calmly as I could. This answer seemed to satisfy her. She fell asleep at once. I could hear her soft, regular breath ing and I blessed hoaven .for this antidote to her suffering. As for me, I hardly closed ruy eyes that night. Anxious thoughts respecting ttie monow— to say nothing of the troubling influences of her near vicinity— held me wake f ulformany hours. At length I, too, fell asleep. When I awoke the grey light of eailydawn was ?struggling across the scone. I rose on my hands and knees and looked over the log at Bob. She was sleeping soundly— her head on her arm. Then it came into my mind that it would be a good thing to go in search of water before she awoke. Seizing the waterbag I hurried away. I took careful note of the trees I passed on my path, breaking off twigs here and there aud making notches with my knife. But it took me longer than I expected to reach the creek, and I began to repent my rash action. Bob would probably awake before my return and my absence 'might make her anxious. I hurried back as fust as I could ? the notches and broken- twigs guiding me all my way. When I regained the spot where we had spent the night Bob was uo longer there J At first I was not greatly concerned by this incident, thinking that a few 'cooeys' would surely bring her back. But although I coooyed and cooeyed till the bush rang with the echoes no answer was returned. Then a terrible fear laid bold of me— Bob had wandered away in the bush and was lost. All tho terror of the lonely bush seemed to fall upon me at that moment. All the stories I had ever heard of men going mad with thirst and wandering on and on till they fell sense less and perished- miserably, leaving thoir bodies to the ghastly sepulture of tho ?oavenger crows, came back to my mind as I stood in that lonely place waiting for Bob, But an hour or more fled and -ahe had not returned. Then I gave up all hope and determined' to Btart in searoh of :her. And then began my long, wearv searoh up and down,; in and out that' terrible prison-house of -trees. The hours wore on. The cool morning Kght waa succeeded by bril liant day. The intense heat of noon pene trated even to the reoessesof thatsombre forest, but I paid no heed to the flight of time. Every moment spout in searching for Bob seemed, an eternity to me. At length the trees grew thinner and I -knew I was approaohing the confines of the forest belt.- I cooeyed again aud again and to my inexpressible delight an answer came ' ringing back. At the wel come sound courage, hope, and strength re vived in iny fainting heart and I pressed on as fast as the difficulties of the way would permit. I could hear steps in the distance. They came nearer and nearer— not Bob's light footfall, I felt sure. Had she found companions and a nameless fear took possession of me. Who were these men coming towards me? Were the feet bringing me good or evil fortune ? The question was soon answered. Through the parting bushes stepped three men— the most evil-looking dogs I had 6een for many a day. They were all armed. One of them covered me with his revolver, while the two others came to close quarters. ' Well, my cock, you've been crowing loud enough,' onesaid insolently. ' Let's takeyou to our camp and see if you're worth any thing.' Suiting the action to the word he shoved me on in front and drove me like a sheep in the required direction. (To be continued. )