[Continued rnoii Satci»dat's iaave,] [alt, rights befenrbd.] THE RISE AUSTRALIAN "WOOL KINGS. A ROMANCE OF PORT PHILIP. [By James Mouat.] CHAPTER X. Ia those early days, in tlu> opening of the new district, ifc may be pretty certain that an overland journey of 500 miles was a task only suited for the strong and energetic, possessing youth, health and Bpirits, and, of course, limited daily to the strength of their cattle. Certainly grass was plentiful along the route. To a horseman with a spare horse, on which the luxuries woro carried, in the shape of tea, flour, sugar, and tobacco, generally composed his kit. With flocks and herds of course he had to be guided by the ability of the weaker animals, ranging from three to five miles per day. The dfayfl bring up the rear of the advancing flodxfev Mr. Sherit, fully alive to the necessity of quickly reaching the old district, had dono the best he could'to find, the spirit of specu lation had rcached the further corner. However good his credentials,prudence made him cautious. Cautious as they were, CO ri gid Rrahl P. rlf'lnTT '1!full(1 nil *■ _ UllVll UWOUVU.Ui.UO W complete their requirements, running into many months. It was a welcome spot, if a cheerless p£<5s pect presented itself to theifc 6n reach ing the Goulburn, no\\S- Seymour; the country bore . evidence of long-con tinued, Unbroken drought. Rain, it seemed never to rain sufficient to fill the creeks and rivers, for which the stockholders anxiously waited in vain—hot, oppressive summers had. been the rule as yet. Slight autumn showers had but re freshed the herbage, followed by the long winter nights of sharp, biting frost. To tko north of the coast ranges across those Wide spreading plains, so enthusiastically described by Sir Thomas ^Mitchell, appeared long stretches of sandy, barren wastes, quite sufficient to scare the drifting tide of ovcr landevs towards the coast and the western portion of the new districts, leaving those plains to a future day when land became valuable. In this aspect the prospect for agricultural purposes were anything but encouraging, strongly impressing tho eariy occupants that whatever good qualities the land possessed, there was but little to bo expected from this source, except perhaps from certain localities. The squatters of those days were equally impressed with the de sire to secure land for »<rricUlfc\\iral purposes. The wide stretch of country re lieved their flocks; so fir, they could seek new country as they required it, while at jreat cost they equally proved the means for breaking the sod with the plough, the seed wheat being provided amongst the other re quirements, with which they were well sup plied at starting. Amongst the few who ventured in the early part of 1837, to push further north, was Cap r!V,o,.iQo ttf-.™ n—11 V..1U -w«4<*wVO JJLUI.UU1J, XlUIil Clio VTWUIUUJ.ll crossing; he had dropped down upon the M'lvor and Wild Duck Creeks, selecting a homestead 011 the latter, and -when fairly settled, ploughed to sew, but" not to reap, as the grain just- showed above the soil to perish. Howover, the next year, 1838 proved more favorable in securing a light crop, which fortunately kept tlio organ going, m producing sufficient flour for a time-; but tllefro were no less hard and weary timss Stock :iolde>;s,-,virile the long journey 'to Melbourne, t'ne loas of working i<le through the natural difficulties <?f the strange country, rendered both 5ife and its luxuries doubly precarious. lb took no half-hearted colonist of those days to put head and hands to work out a position in which brains and physical strength and courage were most desirable to 'cftco'unter the risk and danger. BifficVtlt a3 the risk and danger were travelling through those waterless plains, that they achieved success is a matter of history. Nor were the;work men of those days behind their employers. Old hands as they were termed—the term meant not only old colonists, but implied the condition of a prisoner of the Grown. From these were cut out the stockman and the bullock driver. Nature more than edu cational attainments seemed to fit them best to strike a bee line in forming tho first track, that in all probability would become the highway of the future. Of these matter's the rollicking bushman at the " tiamb" could speak of suffering And adventure and detail the danger encountered round a camp fire. Scantily provided with little more than his gun, he would face tho distance, however intricate the country. A compass he might have, but as a rule the sun was his unerring guide. The long weary months of a long journey drew near a close when Mr. Sherit and his partner, their flocks and herds neared the squatting bouiiSaty of occupation,. Thefco it was to ilsarn how unfaVoi^bta. tlfe seasons had Y>een and that the aborigines had ren dered an account of their presence in a con tinued oppbsition to the whiteman. Captain Hut-ton, under the exigency of the long pro tracted drought, had retired from the struggle. Driven from his holding on the lower Campaspe, 1838—nowBarnedown—the men killed and a valuable lambing flock driven off, the darkskin tastes having risen Guperibl* to kangaroo or opossum, vv hen recovered, they had reached R-est Down (ltow Rochester) Plains—afterwards occupied by Mr. Kelsh. Call it what you may, the darkies were de cidedly on the high road to civilisation. A substantial brush yard by night they played the shepherd by day; if not, in a feast and corroboree during the 24 hours. The next sufferer was'Mr. Munro, of Spring Plains, having been struck from his horse in defend ing his cattle. By the time Mr. Sherit arrived, Messrs Hutton and Munro had left the district, seeking safety and security for the investment of thoir capital nearer the centre of population. By the end of 1838 Mr. Orr occupied Strathford Lodge, Messrs. Caldwell and Rose having dropped down the Campaspe below the junction of the Wild Duck -Creek with that river; followed by Mr. Bennet to Hut ton's olil holding, Barnedown and Muskerry* Then came Postlewait, .Tefi'ery, KelslV Matthew and Bate on the junction t>f the Campaspe with the Murray river, James Maiden on the Murray crossing, Moama, (known as Maidens Punt). Over a dozen years after Mr. Hopvood went to Echuca. - Tho head waters . of the Loddon towards the latter end of 1839 had received Kennedy,' andD. C. Simpson on Charlotte Plains, Caris brook, followed by the Allen Bros., J an ovale, about the beginning of 1841. In 1843 Mr. John Catto had reached that river, and by the latter end Mr. Sellers, Salisbury Plains,' the western district still holding its own against the northern country, winch attracted but little attention until land began to get scarce and valuable. Tho long protracted drought, during those early years of occupation left the country between the lower Goulburn lying north westward right away across to the South Aus tralian boundary, an unknown country. Of course the dry seasons had their influence in tirevcntinl' overlanders. as well as the squatters Irorn making the venture, while they could secure feed and water nearer the coast. In the meantime many of the smaller holders had increased their flocks and were ] anxious to avail themselves of the oppor tunity of securing an extended area. At the same time many of the smaller breeders were j just making the venture, and had pushed in between the larger holders, whose extent of country was held against what was consi dered equity or justice. With these parties matters remained in a turmoil until the Su preme Court bench eventually deciding the | rights of the squatter, defining the principle on priority of occupation, which set aside rule-and regulation, and'terminated the power and authority of the Crown Land Commissions, which were really useless so far in adjusting squatters boundaries. In this decision it pretty well left the power of holding large areas in tho hands of the wealthier men, who had tho means of scatter ing their flocks in such numbers over the length and breadth of the vast extent of un ocupied country. It was on a closing hot summer evening, 1839, or the beginning of 1840, when Mr. John Sherit topped the saddle of the northern ridges of Mount Alexander North—as he had officially named the country he proposed to occupy (now Ravenswood). Looking down from that lofty point in the glowing light of the setting sun, tho primitive hills and rallies seemed grandly inviting. It was a welcome sight, for their horses' were leg •weary after a long day's ride, accompanied by his bullock driver, William Langdon. Tho sweep of the far stretching mountain peaks a\\)ovo the well grassed valleys ippeared magnificent. During the preceding summer the bush fires had cleared away the under scrub that often niars the' beauty of an Aus tralian landscape. The slight winter rains which followed had reclothel the ground with new herbage. In the advancing season it seemed like waving grain in the glow of the evening sun set. Dry and crisp under the summer heat, but fringed with thegreenof the lioneysuckleandthesilver wattle. The young light wood and the stately gum-tree varying the shades of foliage, waving under the; gentle breeze, rendering the solitary hills and valleys serenely pleasant to look upon. . Tl.n u— -i ll.~ land or its quality were but secondary con siderations in the selection of a squatting run, so that the whole was looked at from the one Jibint of view, water being the principal in the object of selecting.! Possibly enough Mr. Slierit could realise the paradise when his flocks and herds would give life and anima tion to the scene-. Stopping ddvrii tile ridges, they, were soon fet rtnioWgSfc the sweeping valleys, as they searched for the stream expected from so lofty a mountain ridge as Mount Alexander appeared. To-night, however, they were contented with a supply for the, horses and the soiling of the quirt pot, then the princi pal article . in a bushman's belongings. Promptly their horses Were tUrjttedirt hobbies as thoy betook themselves 16 tt'ie scanty IflWlAT*. SlVb ir» ..11 pfabaMlfty tttmld decide the future home stead, for as yet the country seemed, equal to his requirements for occupation. ' The night was sufficiently warm to dispense with a fire after enjoying the luxury of a good meal. Behind a bush rollod in a horse rug as they were accustomed, was quite ap propriate for the adventurous bushman of that day. By the grey light of early morn ing were they in the saddle f>s the night bclioes borne from the (iUanVby along, the valleys, warned thrill of the aborigines being .close at h.tnd. There they concluded would be found what they most required in the ex pected water, stream or lagoon that would render fclio country most valuable. Mr. Sherit, as we have seen, was decisive in action, us ne was now aetermuieci 011 maKin<* tlio acquaintance of his,sable brothers-, ?iVa. understood the bolder coUrfeb was the better one to sustain the position for either peace or vrivr-. fly oiperience lie had so far learned how thejr had been harrassing the frontier, and placed the whitemim on Iiis metal as well as on his guard. To draw back was impos sible. Sensible that however obtuse the dark skins were, much of it was duo to the wiintoi being able to exprgns themselves in English, and vioe ver<fi. ivhe more intricate matters beirtg beyond explanation, and many there were who felt if reasonable speech could have beeu uttered in the language of either they could have understood each other, and matters in all probability would have gone on amicably enough. In this the whites as shepherds and hutkeepers were not tempered with the most conciliating tact of honest in fftntinnc flirt inJ-ftr/iniiffn roused the dark skins to revenge, while those who wore supposed to have been able to exert an influence to pvevci\\t it, felt it quite beyond theism pcKvei' to interfere. . In respect to the position of the settlers, the cattle stations were the greater suf ferers, the flocks being under the super vison of the shepherd, ivho was w'ell armed, and when the necessity arrived, were, in the terras of the colonials* doubl6-bankcci, that was two shepherds to a fiocfe ' Dhe clmrjvctdr of the tribes wero pattsca lary marked in tesjieet to thcsir opposition. Those iti 1M16 lip-lands along the head of the Murray and the- Goulburn rivers evinced a much earlier disposition to strike at the whitoman, bolder and braver in protecting their mia mias and the., hunting grounds of their fathers. At a vory .eartar .Stage Uiey struck at the oyerlftnd {VAities with such suc cess-, thftt foi' a time the whitemcn lost heavily. Roused, under the plea of protecting their, lives and property, were they compelled to retaliate by thoroughly chastising them, and did so with a merciless degree of severity that drove them completely back upon their •more ■ effeminate --brethren -on the plains.' Amongst these they, carried all the savage spirit of their natures and thirst for blood. . In the course of his experience Mr. Shevit ' has becomo acquainted with these traits in the character of his sabliJ friends, and fully understood ho\\V the common, daiigcr liM ' united the exiles who had hiken with those Occupying tlie idwSr districts border ing th'e rivers iOampaspe and Loddon. Thus the former hostile spirit between the tribes on trespassing over his old boundaries was set apart as they bocame united against tlie white man. Thus todisplay in the intercourse between the mia mia and the dwelling was the spirit of retaliation nursed in the hearts of the apparently friendly aborigines until they gathered courage over fche incidents which widened the breach till blood was she'd on both sides. , " Hold Ji&rct, air)" said.William Lnngdon, 4s Miey rodtJ along next morning by early daybreak, as the light began to top the' ridges, .aa they had preferred the cool hours of the morning to see the character of the country. The geological features or the granite formation being much more above the surface as tliey could in the shape of rtfcky boulders, butconditioiis matters'to which tliey wore indifferent. TlltJ position of its natural creeks .and it4 water wayB, lagoons, and rt£ervdirs was aa far as they were available iil the occupation of the new run of more importance. "Hold hard, sir," spoke William Lang don, as he drew rein. " There are moving figures between us and the light on the ridge above." Just at the moment the still ness or the morning was broken by a ringing scream of a female, followed by a loud clamour of tongues, and the sharp dull thud of Nulla Nulla, evidently in par and thrust in aboriginal fashion, as if individual warriors had met in single combat. Then came the sound of mingling voices, as if the native residents of the quamby had turned out, swelling to a perfect babel of shouts in tho excitement of attack and defence. Quickly they throve their carbines loose, Mr. Sherit at the same time ridine cautiously up watching the fray in the grey light of the opening day, for ho could see the blows given and taken, and heard the voices grow hoarse and thick for a few minutos in their native pilrifcy. Those dark skins acting on the dof fensive wero tall, athletic aborigines. All were too intent in the work on hand to notice the approach of the white men or hear tho tread. of the horses till they were close upon them. . The unexpected appearance of the white men at once brought about a cessation of arms. The nulla nullas dropped as each combatant drew back and stood doubtful to either fight or run, till the cheerful voice of Mr. Sherrit addressed them in us much of, thbir own languago as he understood, intermixed with broken English, "What for/kick 'cm up a row like it, white fellbw ? The tone and style gave assuranco that they had iio.hostile intention. But the.darkBkins were silent, as if they were stolidly stupid or feared the , purpose of their appearance, till one of the juveniles, however, bolder than his elders, who had watched the fight and seemed pleased , ac the appear-, aiice of the whito men; but both black and white stood awkwardly igno rant' of each other's language. TU1 Boldly a juvenile advanced in front of tho white men, and between his countrynmen?i in' age,' lie appeared about 16 years, bijt not yet fitted' to be recognised as a warrior. In the mean while:hohad talked to his elders in his native patos, for permission, evidently to detail bin cause, of .the hostile meeting. He seemed to .thiiik himself capablo of giving tlio 'explana tion requirod. • . ''Only that one," proceeded' the lad, "came alonsr a nicininnv lifflit. man 'em vouriir fellow I libra, tliat one wont 'era, 'ctn quaniby long a" Campaspe—"VVarrigul (wild) blackfelta ivj1 bail' that ono. lubra. pull away, oiily ..cry, ithen young fellers blackfellow jump UP> fight 'em that ono," pointing but the stranger dark--, skins. •' Mr. Sherit heard the youngster' with a smile at tho boldness with which he'gavo the explanation, as ho watched the liostilo atti tude of the contending chiefs. " Oh a lovo affair," he exclaimed, imparting a jovial tone to his manner, voice and ' words. " Black fellow want 'im wife, light 'im fire, and bear 'im fagots, but his inamorata point blank re fuses to be honorably carried off, and her cry brought young fellow to the rescue, woman like, such are black and white, all contrary, as the dark youth chimed in " Yes, yes, you know all about 'em," as much as to say "you understand the whole affair." Evidently the oldest amongst the dark skins, Binjiwinjio, stood surrounded with his few friends, who had aided him in his selec tion of a wife. His sullen looks of disap pointment cou'd not be mistaken, standing looking on at the interference of the whites ivith stolid indifference, suppressing his svrath like a, muzzled mastiff. Bullet-headed md as black as a nigger, whose bnuvny irms and physical proportions made him a formidable foe. If his bravery and courago .vero equal to his appearance ho certainly ivould prove a determined enemy, if he was lot a bloodthirsty, relentless savage; his sullen conduct and bearing leaving the im pression that he would prove anything but a 'viend to their peaceful occupation of the now itation. . Binjiwinjie arid his friends, from what the larkskin youth explained, and his action con irmed,. were of some other tribo, and in the iu'stom of their people had determined on securing tliie darkskin lubra for his mia mia. [f demoralised as it was evident in the action >f most of the tribo it was necessary so far. Mr iherifc felt,- to'make an effort at reconciliation Jetween them.. Tile oppprtudity (Jftefedhim :lie chalice to Attain this end before he ippertred as the occupant of thoir hunting grounds. Tlie: older warriors were evidently ess generous, as they pourtrayed sorne vliat of 'their character beneath the shaggy lead.5 of uncombed locks and heavy oye jrowa. • It was with Such idea3 of reconciliation in lis treatment of) the ancient ownors that Mr. Sheri't left the juvenile darkskin aijd his fol ri\\rp.r* f'A nq lio f i: I'll iir!. fn flirt jitlor warriors' ' to learn their feelings if possible-'as to this part of the coun ty. It was' a strange scene amid ;he calm sorenity of the spreading bush lands, :apped by: the rocky, granite ridsres grown *rey with age;the savagehunter and the more civilised whiteman as they stood facs to face, riie beginning in the ending destiny of the one intV tlic acquisition of the new arrivals. Neither Binjiwingie,norhis companions made ;he slightest advance to the whitemen's ]uerics. Hof/ever) lie pliiiisitbly endeavored n pleasing them by his best cfi >rts to explain uotiui1nuui«iuiu«,uui/ul JTOUJOI ^lw, ng the moro tractablo as tlicy gathered :ourage to express what they understood of lis meaning. It may have been quite as 'well perhaps lad they parted there and then, the restless spirit of his white follower could scarccly l?e uiprcsfled, and v.'hcso edl'liisihy had been so !ar roused as to the dusky beauty, lie imagined ler to be who had cawed so much com motion in getting her would-be lover into such straits he was anxious enough to see. : Leaving Mr. Sherit to the exercise of his 5wn ingenuity, in cementing tho bonds of friendship between his new-found friends, le dexterously inveigled the juvenile clark ikin to lead the way to the mia mia, as he >aid. " Where quamby that one lubra 1" rhe boy, nothing unwilling, complied, while ic endeavored to draw from him at much as he jould learn of the number within the mia mi,is —their favorite places for their quamby, the jxtont of territory over which they ranged, particularly of thejoung gins, and this one ivho had led so stately a warrior into the scrape sho had dono. " Bulleenawah, that one name," proceeded ;he imp, as lie hitrried on before; Sister belong a mine; QUahiby long it mia mia-. Sfoii seti 'cnl bid mail fada, old gin moda." tiero, again, their unknown tongues barred ;he way to the most desirable points of the, information the whiteman considered ho re [uircd, either in matters of dctnil, domestic si1 otherwise, III this mdnner tlip wliiteiilAn, by don iiliatiiig the juvenile nlenibers. df .the irib'e; gained .iiiucli l.Hpre inforiiidtidii tllan ihey cciHld froiii -the; older men, who pcra ever jealous of being ques tioned as to the extent of territory or tribal rights and privileges, the boy as promptly answering, .but evidently full of family achievements in "fada, moda, and Bulleenawah's" trip to Melbourne otico on a time-, and \\vliicli he was evidently anxious to tell 'im white broder. In approaching the mia mia, there sat the aid man, fada and moda, quietly preparing their morning meal; juncks of kangaroo and carcases of' 'opossum were grizzling and hissing on tlfo embers; - Tlie commotion ^round them did not seem to have disturbed tho pair, who were evidently indifferent.as to tho rumpus the: daughter had caused. Satisfied in the presence of the whito man, they appeared ,to rest on their sovereign dignity of the position; nor could they be more so had they.ruled.tiie entire continent. Verged aS .William Eangdoh': was in the customs of these people, he made no effort to address them as ho reached the mia mia, knowing that curiosity and the hope of "give it, give it," would loosen their tongues and be most liable to draw them out. Amongst his class many acquired ascend ancy over the aborigines although ignorant of their language, but were gifted in gaining a smattering of common phrases in general use till they could wentutvily gaiii tile filvoi' or tho. trtost obdilrat'e". In the present in stance his attention was directed to Bulleen awah, as the brother had named her. ■ The dark-skinned girl; for she was not much more than well in her "toens," stood resting herself with folded arms across a fallen limb of the dead trunk of the tree, against tho base, on which the mia mia had been constructed. From where she stood she could overlook the quamby aftd tho Valley 'below,,; cldSely observing the movohieiits of tlio warriors and the white man. She was lithe and agile in person and equally well formed both in height and feature. 'In these points she could well vie with her ; white sisters, whoso stylo she has so far adopted in smoothing down and parting her hair in, the centre the dark straggling ends falling in wavy folds upon her shoulders. ,It almost seemed that white blood circulated through her veins as the contour of her face indicated, but the age of the settlement scarcely warranted the suppo sition. , Bulleenawah had. taken one hurried glance at the white man as he approached,, then turned her head to avoid meeting :his searching gaze. Watching the movement of the warriors, below she continued to chant alow aboriginal drone iri words appreciative of her native-music. ..j: /• ..." : i William Langdon dismounted- by the fire, and drew his arm through tho,bridle rein) produced pipeand tobacco as he silently pro ceeaea to cut ic anu mi nis pipe. . ic accea like magic on'the cupidity of .the old warriorj who instantly drew-his own froni his waliet, thrusting his' fingers ' into the empty :bowl. The action told his meaning, and , his wants to a success. Tbo balance of ,the fig tho white man droppod into his hand, and as quickly ho proceeded to help himself while, as if to reward his generosity in tho gift; the youngster proceeded growing con fidential. " riiat one pipe came along' a Melbourne, " at the same time turning to his parents, he seemed to explain in his nativo patois as he triumphantly indicated tho object of his admiration. ".Ha! ,ha!", exclaimed the 'white man,, ivith well feigned astonishment at the. fact, for over the happy, complacent face of the old warrior there passed a ainiJe at the white man's approval and his sense of the honor, in beinginpossessiori; In the meanwhile ho was hurriedly proceeding to Use the white man's gift, as the . smoke rolled upwards from be tween his lips. "Minolike 'orn, like 'em white fallow." • Tho boy had.'.nob yet exhausted his infor mation in regard to. his piireuis' visit; to the metropolis,, over which his eyes sparkled with an exulting feeling of pride as he realised.■ uie:wiiaciuu.ua wouuenii^ surprise... s'Yes; yes," ha^ answers to the inquire}7, '■'iFada, moda, Bulleeniuvah pull away and coiuo back," went and returned. , " Nofher one.\\vhito.fellow along, a/Melbourne, yabber that one Bullcenawah-—Katie Darling. The words were scarcely intelligible enough until after several repetitions tuoy came tobe under stood:" Sister aloug a mine Kalip Darling" said the boy, as the whiteman's repetition equally . impressed '.him with the proper sounds.' "No one frightened," he proceeded •"'Jftnjffc ^tri'Kgul (vyfl.<l) ;bl!lckfellows'' he "urged; ro'femiig, to' the. fact. of ,'fclie hostility that formerly existed, when tliey had crossed ..each othorXboundaries. , ■ : " What you. yiibba. that one lubra 1" the tlie whitempn asked, pointing to where she stood., Watching as it seemed the move ments of thoscbelow, but evidently intently listening to catch every word. 1 "Yes, yes, that one Bulleennwah, sister mine, white fellow yabber Katie Darling, pull a ..way a long a Me:bouroo," was rather tlie whiteman's better English in giving.the names. In the meanwhile, as the whitcinan put the query to the boy, the young lubra had turned abruptly on hearing him. speak, bend ing forward to hear tho words that fell from his lips, at tho same tiino avoiding his gaze. A smile of evident recognition flits across hor face as she looks up to address her parents, and with that rapid'.utteranco iu their style, she seemed to hare divulged a secret 'to thoir former acquaintance with tho whitenian, the elcUrs having failed to do so, In one moment the old warrior sprang to his'feot as his lubra foll.ovrs his example, and in true English fashion, with.extonded hand,... claimcd him rapturously n!s' an old friend, Bondgory, Bendigo. Why they should do so the recipient of such congratulations for the moment could not understand. The wild raptures of the boy in his stare of admiration made it pretty clear the name of ' Bendigo was familiar, and as the lad. claimed him as "Boudgery Bendigo whitfallow long a Melbourne," still he' was doubtful us to ] what it could mean. You know, you see 'em Fada, Moda, Bulleendwah a long a Mel bourne, Boudgery you; you see 'om lik it thi3 one." And what the dark skin juvenile could not spank in Words he imitated by throwing himself into pugilistic form for ft stand-up fight. One, two, three were the words l:e tried to litter in his best English as the right hand itiid the left; don It cut from..the. shoulder of his imaginary opponent's oriBrM (libac!) as he termed it. " Then that one turabio dowh lik it," and the /boy tjhrew Tiimself on the ground in imitation of the'fallelifoo na he rpared withlaughter shouting, "Big one coward that one all about blackfallow^vhitefallow boud gery fight 'em. Best fallow Bendigo, Boudgery Bendigo, you like it long a Ma'born" (Mel bourne.) The recollcction of . his .meeting 011 tlie streets of Melbourne i?mJ ad far clear; but the rehearsal of that street brawl, must have been often under review, as it seemed to have fired their imagination as toliisgoocl qualities, with . " .Boudgery Bendigo,' best fallow." Tlio term lie no doubt used in his pugilistic display in the soience of the light weights of that clay. With a long drawn " wall," which he jtried" to imitate in aboriginal style, the white man acknowledged his recollection of the affair, as our readers may remember the teamster driving dowii Cpllins-stfeetl Looking at the boy, arid pdiiitlrg to fclie, y^iing gin, he queried "Name that one? id it yitbber;" The boy quickly answering, " Bulleenawah, you see 'em along a Malbarn." William Langdon's action was sufficiently abrupt to indicate his feeling of unexpected surprise as he throw the reins to the boy and strode direct towards the young lubra." Hearing liini approach or not, she niade no sign till he gently placed liis lieud t'l'oii Kcr shoulder. On turning her eyes met those of the admiring whiteman. Just at the moment Mr.Sherits voice warned him of his approach as he draws hurriedly back with a feeling of disappointment, uncortain if his action had boon seen, knowing pretty well it might" leact 10 a reprimand. Mr. Sherit, .is we have said, had remained to try his efforts in reconciling his sable brother and neighbours ns they would be, as well as being desirous to learn the names of the creeks, peaks and water holes. Sen sible of their attachment to the undulating hills and vallies, over which they had so long huntodfromtimeimmemorial. "Big one coun try belonging to mine, and this one, Bulleen Bulleon, where sit down wator" was the ex clamation in which the boy answers the query in a breath under the instructions of hi3 eidel's "Bulletin Bulleen IittVe 'em naiilo a long a white fellow'bird, ho proceeded, that one quamby long a scrub,when big one sun jump up, too much hot,him come along a water. The native bird so named-was in body,as wall as the diversity of its colored feathers, some what in size and form after our English pheasant, but witli.llead and tail resembling thd featlierQc! trapping of the jyre bird. The labyrinth of scrub gave it shelter tod Security ill the heat of summer; when the back co'un try had failed in water, they sought the JJul leen Bulleeu Creek, where the blackfellow fol lowed and lay in wait to intercept them, the delicacy of the flesh being tempting to a dark skin's taste. In naming the creok after the bird, it marked something of the poetry tliafc lay beneath the rude,uncultivated mind of the Australian aboriginal. Mr. Sherit viewed the prospect with pleased satisfaction. SirThomas Mitchell,hav iiignamedthe highest peak Mount Alexander, the new occupant had termed his selection Mount Alexander North, knowing Mr. Orr lay well away to the south side of these peaks. In looking over the mountain ranges thatrun off from right toleft, he had some notion of the variable character of the Australian seasons, and that in all probability when the long-continued drought broke up the country wditld.prCf'e valuable, and lie'" wotild firid. d plentiful supply of water. The distance, lie understood, from his southern neighbor would prevent them treading upon each others toes, as he was at least thirty miles away. Accept ing the aboriginal name cf Bulleeu Bulleen, as the site for the fufcuro homestead—the Lockwood of the future. (To be Continued.) The Nkw Bishop of • Durham.--Dir. Wostcofct, tho Regius Professor-of Divinity at Cambridge, Una after ali accepted the Bis hopric of Durham, in 3uuuc.".sion to his for mer friend and colleague, Bishop Lightfoot. Wo conjocture that ho had refused it, and tint ii; wis afterwards offered to others, but that at lust it was oft'ered onco more to him, and offered with nVoro urgency. ' There are pecuniary difficulties, it is Gaid, in .meeting the great exponses which fall upon any lieu Bishop of Durham in purchasing tho' furni ture at Aukland Castle, tho palace of the Bishopric. Bishop Baring, it is declared, had to pay £5,000 to'Bishop Villiers's family for tho furniture of tho palaco alone. Such a sum as that is not easy to raiso, especially now that the revenue of the Bishopric is re duced from £8,000 a year to £7,000 or less. The appointment made is probably the most satisfactory that could have been made. Dr. Westcott is a man of great and accurate learning, of deep piety, and of a thoroughly spiritual cast of thought, who represents a theology at least has profound and penetrated by an ardent a Christian spirit,, aa that of Bishop Lightfoot; himself. The only, take-off is that ho is already., sixtg>fiye years; of age, and so no Iorigpr' iu tho prime t>fphysical vigour. Perhaps, however, his administra tive judgment and insight Will prove none the less on that account,—" Spectator.