THE GENII of the VANGUARD. BY F. E. LOCKWOOD. [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER IV. A LONG AND EVENTFUL JOURNEY. The world was all before them where to choose Their place of rest, and Providence their guide. Such a feeling as Milton expressed in the above words came over the two wanderers as they left sunny and beautiful Salome. With loaded dray and a team of strong horses they drove along to the railway station, whence a train would carry them far into the interior. Nowhere is there such opportunity as in railway travelling to meet and exchange opinions with all sorts and conditions of men. Among the different travellers they met there passed a great deal of talk, and the two adventurers were subjected to some cross-questioning. With the secret of gold locked up in their bosoms they naturally felt relieved when after the last settlement was reached their companions were few. One of these was a young squatter beginning his struggles on a new run. To him they confided their intention to find a country well watered and fit for sheep and cattle, there to start an outlying station; but they mentioned nothing of their hopes for gold. 

 The name of the young settler was Kirby. His homestead proved to be in the midst of a very poor country, but they did not wish to discourage the young man, whose father was one of the earliest pioneers. Will Attenborough remarked to the Doctor: "This country would never suit us. Sheep do well enough on saltbush and bluebush if they can get their fill of water with it. But at present, and when it is most needed, the country here is almost waterless." "So our travel must be nor'west," said the Doctor, "slow we will go and sure. We will find some wonder- ful country I think. Even here I begin to perceive a new order of flora and fauna mixed with the old." "Why, Doctor," said Will, "I didn't know you were a bit of a naturalist." "But I am, though," returned the Doctor, "that is, I enjoy every oppor- tunity of observing and classifying natural facts. You see, Attenborough, science is my hobby, my pastime, my friend, my pride. Alone with Nature I enjoy myself. You must not mind if sometimes I am silent and seem moody. Then I am most happy, gathering into my thoughts the threads that join all nature together; placing this and that in their proper order in Nature's account book. When pleasur- able thoughts such as these were crushed out of me by my misfortunes, and by faults not my own; when I was, as you found me at Mannora, penniless, many were the times that I had thought how wrong it is to teach the young that everything goes well to those who do the right, and that the world loves the just and protects them. I was taught so by my parents, and in the world I hoped to realise it. But I was grievously disappointed. Then I turned to Nature and found in her that order and law which I missed in my fellow-men. Look at your wife, one of the best and most capable women I have ever known, and yet the ladies of society whose names adorn the correspondence of our news papers would pass her by in the street either in a supercilious or a patronising way. However, I was glad to see she didn't care much for their neglect." 

 "She knew their grandmothers," remarked, Will, "and therefore could make allowance for their ill-breeding." "Well," continued the Doctor, "considering these things hampered me for a time in my pursuit of science, it is pleasing to find the load is light- ening and soon I suppose Dr. Drum- mond M.R.C.S.L., F.L.S., &c., will enter upon his favourite studies again." "Upon my word, Doctor," rejoined Will, "you'll have a fine chance to study evolution, for we shall pass Lake Callabona, which is full of fossils and skeletons of creatures out of date, un known forms of life before the present order of existences. I am told it will take thirty years to empty that reser- voir of vanished natures, and there's enough in it to supply all the museums of Europe." "Had I known of that before," broke in the Doctor, " I should cer- tainly have examined the Adelaide 

 collection." "I'm afraid," said Will, "that you'd have been disappointed. They say the professor there is an old slow coach. But then, we know that the Adelaide public institutes have a name for bad management. Some of the councils should be put in the glass cases as more complete fossils than those recognised as such." "That's hard on the councils," laughed the Doctor," you know they must obey a routine. But never mind, Attenborough, we shall have a rare old collection of our own some time. I only wish that python we saw was in a glass case, safely stuffed, not to mention the Bunyip, who'd make a fearsome exhibit !" "Well yes," returned the other gravely, "but it's no laughing matter. We have yet to encounter the Mun- dong and the Pokumbidnies, creatures with outlandish names, but whose nature is beyond stuffing." "What monsters are those?" queried the Doctor, soberly, suddenly calling to mind that terrible Lake of Shadows and the 'bird of evil and of night.' "You'll hear or see them soon enough, Doctor," replied Will, "but meanwhile I have lost our bearings during this talk. The sun is going down in clouds. We have water in the dray so we may as well camp here. Turn out the horses, all but Charley, and they'll soon find any water-hole that may be near. I can track them on Charley in the morning, while you get breakfast." The Doctor agreed, as he always did. He was the leader in thought, but when action was needed Will's practical experience and quickness of suggestion came to the front. That sort of unity is sure of success. The camp was soon pitched. Two 

 tea-trees were chosen and a rope stretched between them supported the tent. By laying logs on the sides, it was spread out. Well provided with air-beds and water-proof rugs they were soon more comfortable than is usual with pioneers. But, as the Doctor reflected, the earlier pioneers had endured the hardships and made their present ease possible. Instead of having to wait supplies from Eng- land and America at great expense they had Adelaide at hand and abundant stores to choose from. "In the future," said the Doctor, "others will reap what we in turn will sow. We also are of the van- guard and will open up homes for thousands of people." As they talked upon subjects like these the shadows of night crept over the sky and the land. The moon rose at its full over the edge of the horizon. Gradually its clear radiance lit up the objects near at hand. On their right was a cluster of scrub flowers and on their left a group of aged gums. The night wind growing in force made a mournful noise among the decayed limbs and hollow trunks of those dying trees. Here and there on the higher twigs even yet rustled bunches of green leaves, and strips of bark hung down that rattled among the branches. The continual moan of the wind and the straining and creak- ing of the trees made most unearthly sounds. 

 "Why do they make such a groan- ing, I wonder," said the Doctor. "Well," remarked Will, "the natives would say that somebody sit down alonga that one," but my little five-year-old boy said to me one day, when an old tree gave out such a sound, 'father, that tree is telling us it's going to die. It'll soon fall down and break in pieces. I heard another tree talk like that before, and when I went to look at it next day, it was lying all along the ground." The natives in some part of this country bury their dead in the hollow trunks, and often when settlers are clearing the scrub they find skeletons in the trees they have felled. No doubt this groaning represents to the natives the voices of their departed spirits." "Well," returned the Doctor, "I am feeling very peculiar to-night. A little while ago I was feeling tired, so tired, that, as you bushmen say, I could have slept on a rail, but now all sleep has gone from me. I'm not usually nervous, but I don't feel myself just now. I'll put a box outside the tent and sun myself in the moonlight." "As for me," said Will, "I shall turn in an sleep, for I'm dead dog tired. 

 The Doctor sat outside for a long time, thinking of his kindred in England and the events of his child- hood. Then he yawned. Then he looked at his watch and saw the the hands pointing to half-past one. Then he stood up, stretched himself and glanced round. The glint of moonlight on the polished fore-hook of the dray-pole caught his eye. But to his amazement beyond their own dray was drawn up another, its pole resting on a propstick, whereas their dray-pole lay on the ground. Lean- ing against the second dray was a man clad in belted blue shirt and an old frayed cabbage-tree hat, after the old style of the forties. "Attenborough ! Attenborough ! Get up !" shouted the Doctor ex- citedly. "Get up man, we aren't alone, there's a dray beside ours and a man with it, yet I didn't hear them come !" Will, roused by the shouting, stood up and rubbed his eyes sleepily. Are you dreaming, Doctor ?" said he. "Come out here and see for your- self," was the reply. Will came out. "Well, well, Doctor what's the matter with you? Are you gone clean daft? I see nothing far or near but the trees, our camp, and the moonlight." "Who are you mate?" called the Doctor towards where he had seen the man. No reply came. Whatever had been there, was now no longer visible, the moonlight had absorbed it. "It has dissolved and gone," said the Doctor under his breath. Attenborough looked anxiously at his partner. Had the Doctor's bal- ance of mind been upset? The pecu- liar circumstances of his new position might have unstrung his nerves, after his conventional English training. "Poke up the fire and let us have a glass of whisky, Doctor," he said anxiously. 

 No answer came for a few moments, then: "I know you think me dis- traught," laughed the Doctor, "but I was never more sane. I saw the man, noticed his features and dress as he leaned against the red wheel of the dray. I saw him slowly disappear into nothing. Why you could not see him, I can't tell. In the morning I will overlook that spot. Something must come of it." "Well, Doctor, I can very well be- lieve you," Will answered, taking the pannikin from the Doctor's hands, which was less shaky than before, "I know things appear on this earth that are unaccountable to our experience. But why this place should be haunted by a white man, I can't understand." However, without going to sleep again they waited till the sun arose and then looked about them. At last Will's practised eye detected on one of the gnarled old tree-trunks the marks of an axe. The blaze was faint and distorted by age, but they could still decipher� H.W.H., 1829. " Why," said the Doctor, "what wanderers could be here at that date !" "None from South Australia, that's certain," replied Will, "but from New South Wales many parties that set out for Queensland in the early days went astray without reaching the coastline and so perished. Often and often trees like this have been found in the scrub by clearers, the sole traces of long-forgotten adventurers. Let us dig round the tree, we may find papers or other relics of the party." Accordingly they dug, and were almost about to give up when some shreds of rotten kangaroo-shin turned up. These renewed their curiosity, and at last came into sight a bundle of papers carefully done up between 

 two pieces of board. Though they dug all day they could discover nothing more. Meanwhile they had to feed Charley and get their own meals. None of the loose horses had re- appeared, so it was clear that they had found water. Towards afternoon the two mates sat down to unravel the old papers. They were fairly well preserved and quite legible. Their story was of a party of explorers who had set out about the date mentioned from Sydney to cross the continent. Their plans became known to a prisoner of the crown, who was a man of education and good family, but transported for a high crime. Such men in those rough times became leaders of desperate men. He induced a party of convicts to escape, and led them on the track of the explorers. His plan was to sur- prise the party and make off with stores and ammunition to the north, there to join some boat of the Japanese, Chinese, or Malays, who were known to cross over to the coast on pearling or tepang-fishing expeditions. Such a plan had its perils, but pursuit was not one of them. The author- ities at Sydney were loth to track escaped convicts through the bush, especially as experience soon taught them that starvation and thirst and hostile blacks made excellent avengers of the law. Therefore the convicts under such a leader needed little persuasion to make the attempt with such prospects of plunder in view, and prison discipline behind urging them on. The exploring ex- pedition set out. Soon after some twenty convicts disappeared. Neither party was again heard of until in such a strange way Will Attenborough and the Doctor unearthed these records. From them it appeared that the outlaws came up with the explorers just as a midnight attack by natives was progressing. The white murder- ers keeping out of sight witnessed unmoved the total slaughter of the exploring party. Then they attacked and routed the natives. Laden with plunder the successful convicts turned northward. If they had made friends with the tribes all might have gone well, but quarrels not only with the natives but with each other soon dis- persed their ranks, and one by one they fell victims to the spear, the waddy, hunger and thirst, and other of nature's police. The last of them, without recording his name, had buried the papers of the two parties now lost and gone for ever. "The first opportunity we get," said the Doctor, packing up the papers, "we must send these papers to the Sydney officials. As for the appari- tion, I am sorry you did not see it." "Well," Will replied, "no doubt the sight of that was permitted for some reason to you alone. Now, however, you won't be inclined to disbelieve me should any Genii of the Vanguard again visit me in our wanderings." "I am not inclined to disbelieve anything now," said the Doctor, "but I sincerely hope these spirit visitants will be few and far between. After all, a man is a man, and needs a good night's rest." "Quite true, Doctor," agreed Will, "but you can't deny that these spiritual visitants have brought us very material good luck. However, it's quite late enough for us to turn in, so good-night." And they were soon asleep, with no dreams to trouble them. 

 Next morning they were discussing the whereabouts of their horses, and having finished breakfast Will was preparing to saddle Charley, when that animal began to snort and rear un- manageably. Usually he was a well conducted old horse, so his masters looked on in surprise. But soon they understood, for a noise of galloping thundered through the scrub, and out towards the camp came a mob of wild horses, with flowing manes and tails, headed by a powerful stallion, who when they saw Charlie whinnied and ran up to him. At a distance followed about a dozen mares, each with her foal at foot. Further off were a mixed lot of steeds, old and young, with among them, to the consternation of the travellers, their own horses, dis- tinguished by their jingling bells. "What a splendid stallion that is," said the Doctor; "if tame he'd be worth a mint of money. As for the rest, it'd kill any horse of ours to ride them down." "I'm not sure that we shall catch any horse of ours again," grumbled Will. "If they take off with this mob a fine fix we'll be in. You keep by Charley, and I'll give the leader a few small shot." Suiting the action to the word he fired at the stallion, who, with a scream of pain, reared on its hind legs, and sending a long whistle through his nostrils, galloped furiously off among the bushes in a general stampede of horses, mares, and foals. To the delight of the two men, as the tumult of stamping feet died in the distance, they saw their own six horses standing quietly at grass beside Charley. "Those fellows have been at water somewhere, by the looks of them, and among good feed too, I judge," said Will. "Better let Charley have a spell now and tether up Duke." "Well," said the Doctor, "it's high day yet. I don't care about another night here, so let us put the horses in and we can follow their tracks to the water. We can camp there and go on again in the morning." This was done. The next day they resumed their journey, and towards noon low green rises appeared dotted with swamp-wattle and sheoak, or, as the natives call it, the kerko, meaning redwood. The low branches were all stripped of leaves, where the wild horses had fed while drinking the sur- face water. About them flew and fluttered hundreds of birds, great and small, and kangaroos leapt among the bushes. "This should be a good place to settle in," remarked the Doctor. "Yes," replied Will, "if there were any extent of it. But we've seen no one, white or black, since leaving Mr. Kirby's station, and I'm sure we've come quite 200 miles. Let us push on a bit and spy out the land." They had not gone many miles fur- ther when the character of the country began to change. Large tracts of 

 myall, mulga, and dwarf scrubby mal- lee was all they met with. Lizards and caterpillars of bewildering variety and hideousness swarmed on and under every bush. The dray rattled slowly on over stones and around fallen trees. Although the fact could scarcely be explained, yet that bush fires had been before them was un- mistakeable. After some days had passed the horses grew weak for want of water. Though their own supply was low, yet the two men agreed to spare a bucket- ful now and then for the animals. "But I wish we were well out of this," said Will. "By the look of those hills in the distance I think we must be wandering round and round in circles. However, I noticed last night that no dew fell, and the moon had prismatic colors round it. Those two make a sure sign of rain in a short time. Somehow, too, I have a presentiment that we shall make a human habitation before long. I hope we will, for though this country is all new to me yet I seem to recog- nice all I see." That night they camped in a rocky place, and while they slept a heavy rain filled the hollows of the rocks. The thirsty cattle set out next morn- ing refreshed and they made good progress over the roadless and uneven land. In the middle of the morning a sudden dip or break in the country showed them in the distance a high round hill rising abruptly from plains of heath and low bushes. The top of it appeared to wear a crown of granite. At once they turned in its direction and were soon traversing a country full of dwarf banksia or bottlebrush, both red and yellow, and the crooked spiky kind of native honeysuckle with its enormous knob-like nuts as big as a man's fist and hard as iron. "Those nuts," said Will to the doc- tor," contain only one small split seed no bigger than a pea. Only one bird can get at them and that's the great black cookatoo. There's one over at that bush now. He's the largest of his kind, has a pale chrome yellow crest, and his beak so powerful he could snap a bone with it. He has these feeding grounds all to himself." By and bye the country once more changed. Acres of spinifex succeeded, horrid to pass through. The horses' legs were stuck full of sharp spines, which almost lamed them. Suddenly however, reaching a little flat they came upon a mounted black-boy driv- ing some sheep. He was as surprised as they were and giving a loud cooee he waited for them. "Where you live?" asked Will. "Me sit down alonga Mr. Win- stanley, Mt. Yatna," he answered promptly. "Long way off ?" pursued Will. "Mucca piccaninny way; you much bring along dray this road; too much big one scrub. You go along that one, come along paddock fence." Taking the direction indicated the delighted travellers soon came on a track and saw the sheep-proof wire fence that told them of a station not far off. (To be continued )