"BUNKUM',S CIPHERD . oTWO NEW YEAS DAYS. ,nitTs nEBERVED. WARDS the close of 1879, a tall young man .as seated, in an easy chair in .the front ver a.ndah i of a pretty .country .house. He was, listlesly turning over the lea.ves of, a I volume of " Swiss pic tores'", but. seemed :'rather. to be eitting foe tho puirpose oi of inhalinug the perfume of the.. flowers, than' 't eraBue of ieading. He? was 1, and had only been a few days - led to which h'e been' confined ' of a month througha severe of bilious fever. He had been voery hardin order to obtain a certi Sl c 'potency as a teacher, but as. if Sdecided that be should take upsome oprofeeioll, he had been:eeizeed with ,,sjal the time when he required best healtb. Just at the time this tale _, he was sitting there a conval t kbrowing that the next day the - aion would begin, and that he was dea by his doctor to attend it. t's the hardest luck I ever heard of" he Itered, "to think that before this illness ilook me I could have gone through the a. for a certainty, and now I'm for i*o to attend. Hang the doctor, I'll , it at any cost.". . ;' octor.was nriot hanged, though Mi ji ".Bunkum, for such was his name, did e(.theexaminationonthe following day. ille figiures in thearithmeticpaper would alddup. 9 and 8 would suggest 18 to him, Sthst number 'in turn would: suggest 18 ut gold- Ballarat minee- Chinese fosu _ra,- Chinamen- Japanese- * Pacific - tropical countrice- e:plendid sieta- Astronomy- big telescopes liery.- University- Education de rtoment- Inspectors- -examination hnk-0.and 8--:17 and 7 are 14, -'!Bah" soii at length in disguet, " I can't do it, eoigures treat me;the same as they did haid Copperfiold's little wife". Handing lipapers to the examiner, he excused him ion account of ill' health, and loft the otain greaot. dudgeon. * - . : "' . is he emerged from' the bilildiig add wai mruing thecorner, healmost'ranagainst two elrdyyoung men who b.ere coming the op site way: "Hello, Bankum old boy! the eryfellowI'm looking for. They told meyou arerup here putting Morrell and Colenso Itogether in the shade .but how ill you foC" eaid one. "Oh! Jordan, and Trotter; orevglad to see you I'm sure. I've just come ,utofthat infernal echool house wheroel was lying to pass an exam. and every thing go.juiublee. up." Ho smiled faintly, and tottered., un steadily as if he were about,'to fall, so lordan took him on one side and Trotter took him on the other, and they led him across to the Queen's Head Hotel and immediately- prescribed a little wine for his anl their stomachs' sake. " Now I tell you what it is Bunkum" said .Tordan "you want a change of air, or you'll bp.a corpse in less than a fortnight. Trotter and I are going to sail to-morrow for Tasmania in the- old schooner Swordfish. We areeoing to stay there a month. There iaplendid sport to be got in the part to which we shall no; ,The schooner will drop Sdown at' Prosman's • Bay-a fishing itation-on her way to Hobart, and call for as on her return. We'll take a tent and plenty of provisions with us, and we shall hare a jolly time," " Make up your mind tocoma with us" chimed in Trotter, it'll do you the world o'good." . Bunkum at first said he couldn't think of it at all just then, but his friends were so importunate that at last he cnnpented and ihe nPxt day he found himself aboard the Swordfish which was being towed down the Yarra. . The tug dropped her in the -bay near Williametown where sha rode at anrehr nal oieht. The heri mnrninr all sail wna sP' atdonhreak, andd the aRirhnner ran'down te the Heads. Bu1 a hpead wind was stil' blowino hard, and with the ohh tide, th,. :n was ruenini, mnountains hieh. Npevr thelesethe schooner p'unred into the wnlt of water, and was soon outsidn the Heads. hat could not get away from the land and had to turn round and run into the hba again - It was' rathbr tantalising to be lyin' within a few hundred yards of Queenacliff the whole of that day,. and net be able to get ashore. The skipper was appealed to, buthe was obdurate. He said it was not safe to lower a boat and he would not-do it. Next morning however the wind had changed; the sails were again set, and the Swordfisb stood out to sea. The passage was rather a long one for so short a distance, but it was very.pleasant; - The .days were beautiful andi bright, and several whales were seen spouting and gambolling close to the vessel. 'At;'these .good- targets the young sportsmen tried a shot 'or two from an old musket belonging to one of the sailur, and in one case at least they struck oil. A huge cetacean .was seen blowing about two miles.from the ship, and Jordan levelled his musket to fire. But the mate, an old whaler, advised him to wait, and the whale would come, much nearer, and in about ten :minutes aftewards it came within two hundred yards of the schooner. Jordan again levelled his -musket. Trotter caled out in some alarm " Don't fire Jack, °ou might bit him." . : fome of the crew, who were standingaby Catching for the result, laughed, but Trotter said somewhat indignantly " It'll' be no laughing matter if .tht whale comes and butts a hole in this little schooner. It could easily do it, and I've often heard of hbales chewing up little ships like this, then they have been wounded." "Bang" went the musket and almost instantaneously the tail of the great leviathan rose about twenty feet out of the Woter, gave a greattwist in the air, and then disappeared. They did not see that whale again. - - - The nights were dark and nothing of any maportance could be seen until the vessel got well along the Tasmanian coast, then tbs might afforded by the bush fires was one of the moat brilliant spectacles that poUld tell be imagined. - -. Thus tho days passed until the. morning f the 831st of December. That morning It daybreak theyfwerepassing by the great mountain on the north end of Maria Island known as the "Parson and Clerk ' from a fancied reserblance ;ofhtwo. peaks being t;e. bumblo clerk isito the surpliced parson:. B 'breakfpst'time ,thei Paron and Clerk wore isi the rear, and the cliffs ofProaman's Bhy were clearly'in view. But abho;ad wnbd wee blowing, and the schooner.lhad to: beat up the bay, 9 work which took several hqnre in going ovor ,the ýzig-zag course. Soon after mid-day, however,' the nehooner whs as near land as she dared go, so a ,boat was lowered, and the three young men with their paraphernalia weoreput ashore. The e'st otr that day was taken up in finding-i suitable place for their tent, and fixing it. .. .. .. .. O A .'..TE II. r "I think we are right for the reminainder ofj this year at least," Bunkum said, as the last of the three berths'was made in the newly erected'tent, and the' other two chlimed in " Right as a dollar, dear boy." They had pitched their tent within a couple of hundred yards of. a beautiful spring, and were iithin a hundred yards of the edge'of'a'iighty'cliff against which the breakere dashed incessantly day and. night with a roar, that resembled distant thunder, and occasionally with "a force that caused the earth for,a considerable' diktance from the shore to vibrate and tremble. Trotter,'whohad lived.for some time near the batteries in Stawell, said he would be able to sleep like a top because when he shut his eyes so as not to see the 'canivas walls of their house he would fancy, on account of the resemblance in sound of the batteries to the dashing breakers, that he was back in that quaint old Victorian town again, in his snug little room in the Provincial. Jordan observed that for the past four hours they had been working like galley slaves, and as night then had fairly' spread her mantle over the earth, he suggested that they. should 'refresh themselves with some bottled beer, and tinned salmon, and then retire. That suggestion was' acted upon, andjin due time each was curled up in his rude bunk, sleeping the sleep' of the pic nicker. : . At daylight the next morning-the first day of the now year one-thousand eight hundred and eighty the' three young men awoke refreshed and vigorous. Springing out of their beds of dried-ferns, they went outside to view the. surrounding country. The morning was calm, the sky clear, the airbalmy, and the scenery indescribably beautiful. On their left, and about a quarter of a mile from them was a little hamlet composed principally of paling huts, in which the fishermen and quarry men of the district resided. On their right were two houses, one a weatherboard structure of colonial architecture, and the other a quaint looking' bush building al-: -most an exact counterpart of Anne Hatha way's famous cottage.- The latter place The Old School-house. was the public school for the locality, with the teacher's residence combined. The former place was the residence of Mr Stephen Grayton, the manager of the ex tensive free-stone quarries hard by, a genialson of Lancashire, arid a roan who was in truth a king over several hundred families in the district. Right before them was the open ocean which looked as the sun's rays shot upward' "n the horizon and blended exquisitely with thin grey dtwn like a sea of silver. wi h a c,,ast liiro of ,littering gold. and amethysts. A, Ithi hatk was adense forest .f ieurila it. t' s. and firne, with a p"rfuse u.tor r r .wth f li-i ree,mimneo, heath, and bracirel ; while 1n' he back ground the tal Sugrioatf reared ris woody heights far above the surround ing hills. Save for a' few such' intrerjictions as " b "! "Look thern"! ° I-,w grand"! they had gazed upon ihe e?,iein"cin o scene in silence, but at length J, rdan' broke in with. " A happy new year to you Bunkum, and 'you Trotter ! There' is no better omen, I think, that the ensuing year will be a happy one for you both, than that the [wish has been uttered this morning amidst such happy ,urroundings." " Thank you," said Trotter, I hope this year will be for us all that 'you wish, and that it will be equally good for yourself." " And I most heartily endorse Trotter's remarks, and hope this is but the begin ning of brighter and more prosperous days for us all ". Bunkum said,, and then con tinued " but the air is' most apetizing. IT feel as though I am about to surprise both myself and you with my powers of eating, Will one of you swing the billy while I knock a hole through some of these tins of preserved meat?" While they ,were seated round a huge log which they had rolled into the tent to serve as a table, and were really enjoying their breakfast, a head was thriust through the tent door and a voice'called out, "Mornin' mates,! come over' for; some sport? a yappy new year to yuse." Then while waiting for some response to his speech, he shifted a lump of tobacco from his right cheek to his left and expectorated `into the middle of the tent. Bunkum rose with aluok of astonishment on his face, but, said calmly, " My good fellow, if there is one thing that I dislike more than anotlIr, it is to deprive a man of any little pleasure in which he may occasionally in dulge; but. I may say, if it will not make too muchdifference to you, it will suit us better if you come inside and spit out." " Oh, it don't make no differance at all to me," the stranger said as he entered the tent and seated. himself on one of the bunks. .. The', new come'z'e assurance caused a smile in the camp, .Jordan, quizzed him, and asked "'Are you the typical man of the district."' '"Tip-tip! aha, no ! you don't have me that way. I did tip sheok, Joe ;opt o' the boat one.day, but.that was' his own fault. He would 'keep 'messin" round the tiller' whehI told 'iri to keep'still, an'..he run us er the bar at the mouth o' the river so I , .tl .? T -- 'irrr lh.,.?b ,;m h.l " rllnf keep quiet, an' 'e said chuck."-mo out if yureotho stuff, an'. thon I lauded 'im "right iidto the surf quicker. than.'e could wink. " Ai very interesting :narrative indeed, sir, biut I hope you have not inconvenienced yourself by coaiing here ?' early to entertlin us?" Bunkum interplited. :"No"! 'replied the stranger, "No ill convenience at :all. I: come )here on business, if you want sport,. I am the man ae can- tell yuse where to get it. :I woe borned in this colony 'an' I know, every rabbit 'lurrow an' wallaby track in it. I 've got as good a whale boat as ever iloated, and no man round hero can handle a boat in rough weather same as me. Y ?use cad arak anyone round here if they don't :know Jack Blower-that's me-and see'if it aint kereck." ' Mr Blower, described the qualities of his boat so exhdaustively, and the rugged scenery on the 'Prosman's river so quaint • ly, that it wais resolved to take an excur sion up the river with him. At the mouth of the river the scenery was of a common place order, but as they proceeded up the stream towards a place locally known as Paradise the scenery became positively enchanting. After a couple, of hours gentle pulling, they came to a beautiful shady benrd, and as it was then near mid-day they moored the boat and went ashore. The hamper was opened and' all regaled themselves, after which Jordan carefully baited his line, and cast it into the stream; Trotter strapped his ammunition round him, shouldered his breech-loader and went un the bank to pot a Tasmanian Devil or any dther wild animal that crossed his path. Bunkum charged his well seasoned briar, lit it, and stretched himself out at the foot of a huge gum-tree. The influence of the narcotic weed, the.change of air, and the comfort ableness of his position, soon made him feel sleepy, and closing his eyes he began to doze. The "swish-plick," caused by Jordan drawing his line, and casting it again, the hum of the insects, and the chirping'of birds, caused him to dream, in his light slumbers, of great hauls of fish, and braces of wild birds which had fallen before the deadly fire of Trotter. 8ome merry laughter then broke on his ear and he dreamed that it came from a laughing jackass that was perched on a stump laugh ing at a couple of terribly inflated Platy puses, who were out for a holiday. He was surprised that such melodious laughter should come from so plain a countenance as that of a jackass, and while he. was endeavouring to account for it, he woke, and saw neither jackass nor platypus, but instead,;a boat' gliding down the stream. There were four ladies in the boat and one gentleman.' Bunkum thought he had .never seen so happy a little' party in his life. He sat up and looked at: them as though'they; had suddenly. dropped from the clouds, and for,a .moment. seemed unable to decide whether he was in .this matter-of-fact world or in fair~land.. But the cheerful voice of the young girl who was steering brought him to his senses, and he knew then that he was looking upon a fellow, mortal, young, pure, intelligent, and with the most plearinn countenance he had ever beheld. To'i atoi as cn, she steered her hb at quite ilo , Ii , the shore, and in passine s:le Iloked at RIlunl um with such aI Ixprsson ,of lml'hisr 'ltnd merrimenrt, that hr involunolnr. rois d hie hat, but imomedinely afterwards, when her chaperon glanced dissnour viglvy at him, he felt that he would like to kick himself for his impudence. That feeling however soon passed away, and he laid himself back on th,, grass andr laughed as he exclaimed " Oh the fun we're having." As the day wore on, the dimpled face of the girl seemed to haunt him; at last he asked Blower who the party were. ".Them,' said Blower, ready to launch out into a three volume yarn, "is the school iniasusses party. "That one as was a sittin' near the: gent was the school mis sus, and that one .as was steerin' belongs to some squatter's family-She's a boardin' seholard up here. • Them other ones is boardin' scholards too. That school missus is one of the best 'arted women in this island. It's high seven years ago since she came to. this wild place. We ,wasn all a pretty rough lot then, and thought the pretty school misses' was stuck.up and haristocratic like, but she turned out a real stunner. She had night-schools for the young fellars, and taught them rithmetic and manners, an' now there's not a fellar about here as would'nt shed his blood for her if she was in trouble. S"Humph," said Bunkum; and then asked, "Does the lady live at that funny old school house P " She dbes." " What is her name P'?" " Miss Nilbor." CTHAPTER III. The days passed very merrily for the sportsmen, but Bunkum had grown fonder of chatting with the residents of the die. trict than of carrying on warfare with the inferior animals. He became acquainted with Mr Grayton, the local king, and played draughts and ate oysters with him, and he became acquainted with Mrs. Gray ton, an open-hearted, out.spoken woman of great originality, and he told her his hon. est belief, that had she been trained in youth as an actress, she would have 'won world wide fame. He also became ac quainted with Miss Nilbor. His acquain-' tance with that lady. was brought about partly by strategy on his side. With a: view to seeing her and her intereeting pupil more closely, he went tp the old school house one afternoon ostensibly to buy or borrow a pen, as his own was lost., Ella-he had heard the young -girl called by that name-was 'seated in thie shade of ;,the aehiMl' rrwall;ind ait ;in;l .)n : hi. 1 kerehief:when he approached; and :asked for, Miss. Nilbor. ..Ase she, trippedaway tothe doorto announce him, he thought.he had never seen so' nteresting a child.' $he moved ;with p grace, and elasticity wshich charmed him,. and contrasted wonderfully, with the slow,.and clumsy movements of some.of the other girls he,'had seen in that locality., He was invited into t.i snug little sittingroom until Mies Nilbor went to into, the school house to find a pq?n for hi -y and on'her return a brief conversation..was held on common-place, topics. But juist as there appeared,to-be no further excuse for remaining, a very heavy' thunder cloud burst, and the rain came down in torrents. He did not require much' piessing to stay till the shower had passed, and in the lour that followed, a mose enjoyable conversation was sustained.' It was a feast of reason and a flow of soul. The nderits and denierits of' poets past. and present were discussed, .and 'a running ' fire of , apt quotations kept.up. ' .. Ella's vivacity, and her intimate. acquaintance with the works of the; best English and: American writerse, quite astonished Bunkum, and seemed even to surprise her teacher. .-For instanice, when Edgar Allan Poe became.the subject of discussion, Ella said she thought, she had more sympathy.with that unfortunate; man, than with any other writer-she had. heard of. "What a pity," she continued, " that a man of such rare talents should be unable to resist the cursed influei c of drink. Our, mioiser told me one day that his. poem 'the Raven,' which I could never understand' before, was written in a fit of remorseo.whoen the young lady: to whom he was..engaged died broken hearted through his drunken habits. But his prose works, don't they,-you know thrill ono! .I. don't know how he could write such a horrid thing as that abouti Gordon. Pym_. Ugh! it makes my flesh creep. .The Gold-beetlei I like, thoughb; you know, where the funny old man reads a cipher which tells him where to fihd heaps of money." " I suppose you are quite a crypto grapher after 'reading that tale? " queried Bunkum. "Oh dear no," she said with fascinat ing frankness. "I should notlike to merit such a horrid name-but I like fidding out puzzles." As Eunkum bade Miss Nilbor good bye at the door, he took occasion to compliment her on her success as a teacher, and re marked that Ella showed an amount of intelligence that would do credit to any school in the world. " She is a wonderfully bright girl" re plied Miss Nilbor, " and is wise beyond her years." " How old is she?" " She will be fourteen to-morrow." On the afternoon of the next day, B3un kum and his companions found themselves on the summit of the ugarlonaf. Theoy had taken what at first seemed to them to be the nearest way to the top, but experi ence showed them that they had taken the longest and most difficult route. Trotter had been entrusted with the hamper, and Jordan was carrying a "billy" of water. But going over some of the intervening ranges, Jordan spilled the water, and in order to save himself from serious injury when some loose stones slipped from under him, Trotter was obliged to let go the hamper. It went careering over a preci pice, and they saw it no more. Thus they found themselves after a hard tramp of seven-hourL, ohtiLe'top of-a higl -mduninai without.na particle offood, and with nothing to drink except a small quantity of coffee royal which Bunkum had in.a lemonade bottle.. The magnificent view their elevated position afforded them, amply compensated for the loss of their dinner, and after satiating themselves with the grandeur of the scene, they sat down to smoke a quiet pipe before making the descent. Another surprise then befel them, for in the ascent Bunkum had broken hia pipe, and Jordan had only the mouth piece of his. With one pipe amongst three they sat down disgustedjto draw lots to decide who should smoke first. Bunkum's turn came last, so while the others were amusing themselves in filing .and lightling up, he scribbled a brief description of their ascent and con cluded wlth the flilowing lines:-. Tem trod upon a treachrous ston", iAnd down he went like thunier; Hie then began to swe'r and groan, And really 'twas no wonder. His knee protruded through his pants. I His hair hung round dishevilled, While down tie hill his hlmper pranced, .As thonugh it were bedevilled. Tae tucker scattered far and wide And shot right down a chasm ; id I how there shot through each inside A fearful hungry spasm !" Vpon the mount we thought a smoke I Would finish well the clamber I But, shadles of Scott I my pipe was broke, And Jack-had but his amabor. this, to the goblin or the fay Who finds this queer epistle, the writer has not dined to-day And scarce has wet lis whistle. The composition was written on several slips opper, varied in color' and quality, all of which were drawn from the depths of Bu kum's pocket, and, after it hid been submi ted to the criticism of the other two, they ll attached their signatures, folded the slips, placed them in the then empty lemorade bottle, corked it tightly . and placed it botton upwards in a cairnm of stonea. Th declining sun then warned' them that io time should be lost in makling for thei ?camp again, so, with' a farewell glance at the isle spotted sea on the one side, and the iumborless hills and plains on the other, they began their descent. Two days later the ugarloaf was out of their sight, and in fact the whole Tasmanian coast was fast re ling as they sped along in the Sword fish with all sail sot, and her head towards *Merlbourne. C CHAPTER IV. Twelve months after Bunkum and his pa ty had made the ascent of the Sugarloaf, andther party had scaled its rugged sides. Ella was leaving school to go for a European tohr with her parents, and as she' had always expressed a desire to ascend the Shgarloaf, Mise BNilbor had arranged to have a picnic there. before she left the locality. This party had made the ascent by a more circuitous, though less difficult touts than had the other party, and after. apriving at the top, they fetes and a were sappy. Ella was the first to discover the inverted lemonade bottle, "and instantly called out that she had got a prize. A circle was soon round her, 'and' the conitents of the' bottle ware read with evident amuse-, meat by the whole party. As' Ella had found the cofipbosition, and a'saehe was the guest of the party, it' was piaanimodiiy agreed that she ';ebuld;'ke'p" it.:'an'idea with whih sehe rgadily fell in. T'hat ight,. whenliBllsa gotto her own ibut foldingthem i p previous t'o' pack ing .them way iiin her :dekli, 'wheri some. strange charaiscter 'on' th';'back of one of tho .lips caught her eye.. They werie a,. follows: 5ttl, t,'5. 9:::5 .2"..855 1?.. ," 6,?$5 f5. 61.5 453945 9: 6, "?-51?! 85:385 096.8/' 1. 67.55 9tt ',, .855 6,?$-2?945. '2. :"Ab," she exclaimed, "a cipher! Aha, I wonder,what it.is ? .Five, dagger, dag ger, one. What language is it in, I wonder ? It must be English, I suppose, considering where I found it.. Perhaps Mr Bufiiumk wrote it: Ah, I'must find it out tobnight.[ I'll try it ,in English first." She then' glanced through it, and founid' that the figue i predomiinated, and in Bunkum's Dream. several instances was doubled, thus corres ponding with the letter e in English, which not only predominates in words, but is also doubled in many cases, such as sweet andfeet. She then saw that the , was the next abundant figure in the cipher; that might represent a or o, as following each other in that order they are the most abundant letters in English after e. Ex amining still further, site saw that the character " only occurred once; then she argued, that ought to represent v, a letter which occurs hss often than any other letter in the alphabet. Having done so much, she next look d round for a place in which to start, and selected the last figure of the second group t,,, 5. For the 5 she wrote o, and for , she wrote o; as " only occurred once it must, she thought, stand for some such rare letter as v, and she triedthat one, thus making eve That was very suggestive of the word love. and for t she tried the letter 1. To verify that she tried 11 for tt in the first group; those with a instead of 5 before them made ell, suggestive of Ella, thus she found that the figure 1 represented a, cn), that t stood .for l In .that way she went through - the whole of- the characters, bearing in mind that the most numerous of them, as 5 ? 9 and 8 ought to correspond with* the more numerous letters of the alphabet as e, r,i, and hi, and sihe made in the course of an hour, a string of words which, on being being divided into feet, read thus: Ella, love I none but theee Art thou for me ? Let fate decide. In'four years hence if thou art free, I'll woo then for my bride. -W. B. When she had finished, she sat for up wards of an hour quietly gazing at the words she had evolved from the chatic mass of fiures, and was only awaked from 'er reverie by Mias Nilbor calling out" Ella, are you n t in bed yet? Is there anything wron? P " "Tere is nothing wrong, Miss Nilbor, thank you. I have only been thinking; I am going to bed now." She went to bed then, but not to sleep. .Another.year ha'd rolled away into the past,. and Ella, having returned from her tour through England and the Continent, took the earliest opportunity of revisiting her teacher nod friend. She could only stay a week, but at her urgent request another trip was maide to the apex of the Sugarloaf before she returned. to her father's house at Bielba Park. When on the summit of the mountain hbe looked towards the cairn of stones, and saw the old lemonade bottle lying there in the same place where it dropped a year before, when she had drawn Bunkum's -cipher from it. "Do you remember, what we found in this bottle,the last time we were here?" she asked Miss Nilbor. "Oh.yes, of course I do. It was that funny poem about a lost dinner," was the. reply. Ella. " Well, I have carried it with me through irance, Germany, Italy; and wherever I went. I have it with me now, too. But I have thought that if' ever Mr Bunkum re visited this spot he would bhe disappointed to?find that his writing had :been 'taken away I have therefore resolved to:return it." "' In h'a few miiutes the poem and' cipher were placed :in th'e. bottle, .and .the bottle. to thhtin WhichhMrBuinkum:hidbridgrially put it. , About two years later a tall young, man of three-and-twenty years of age--though from his grave and anxious face he seemed much older,-arrived, on horseback .from Hobart; at Prosman's Bay. Hotel there was none, so he made his way up to .Mr Grayton's house, as it looked the most hoe pitable. Mr Grayton met him at the gate, and; 'a a traveller, welcohied him. " You don't remember me," the stranger said. Mr Grayton looked at him attentively for a moment and then exclaimed " Why, surely' it is Mr Buinkum !" Yes, it was he. He had changed very much since his former visit, but not niore than the place had changed. Mr Grayton was a widower; the fishiiig industry had dwindled, and quarrying operations had almost ceased, therefore it was not sur prisiog that half the huts .in the district should be untenainted. Miss Nilbor had got married And removed from the school, and all her private pupils had goneto their respective homes. Mr Grayton remem bered Ella, but he did not know whether she had yet returned from Europe. "Ah well," said ]3unkum, as they were sipping a glass of crog, " the day after to morrow wil' be New Year's Day again. With your kind permission I will rest here to-morrow, and on New Year's Day I will scale the Sugarloaf once more, so thatl may get another good view of the district in which I spent the happiest days of my life four years ago." True to his resolve he found himself at noon on New Yeat's Day on the summit of l.e mountain-but this time alone. Be was sad, and disappcinted, and the stillness of the scene made him melancholy. Look ing at the cairn of stones he saw the bottle inverted as he left it years previous. " Ah," lie said, " I wrote something and put it in that bottle; I wonder what non sense it was i Evidently no peraon has been here since." He took the papers out and read them with an amused smile; but'as he was about to replace them he caught a glimpse of the cipher which he remembered having written on the eve of 'Ella's birthday. Being well practised in that simple cipher, he had no difficulty in reading it again after a lapse of time. But what was his surprise to find a different kind of cipher appended to his own-and in a lady's handwriting!? Immediately he set to work to solve the problem, and afterr two hours" calculation he resolved the characters into the Latin sentence-" Forsan et haec olim meminisee juvabit," and ultimately into'the English " Perhaps it; will be pleasant hereafter to remember theseo things." Further ap pended, in still different cipher, were the words " Elle. Bielba Park, Tasmania." There was a revelation for him ! .He had accidentally. put the cipher which he intended for no eyes but his own into the bottle. Ella had in some way seen it, deciphered it, and given him hope. Away down the mountain he sped in an ecstasy of delight, eager to find out the where abouts of Bielba Park. In 'due time he found it, and'was made welcome there; and in the gloaming of that day, as Ella blushingly returned the hiss he pressed on her 'lips, she said "You may thank Edgar Allaen Poe for that." Trotter and Jordan, though settled in different parts of Australia, 'occasionally meet, and always talk then of their trip to Prosman's Bay, and of' how the two trips at New Year's time made a benedict of Bunkum. Jordan generally concludes the conversation on that topic by vowing'that, if fortune ever favors him with a family, he will at every New Year tide, recount to them the taleof " Bill Bunkinm'e'Cipher."