GAME BY CHANCE. BY ADELAIDE E. CRESWELL. CHAPTER III. This is a song of serfs that I have made." - Eric Mackay They passed through the rushes   and across the road in silence, and Mrs. Devine did not open her lips, until they were walking under some scanty gum trees bent over   by the prevailing winds; the dry leaves   cracked under their feet, while a cicada shrilled ca-y-ar-y-ar-y overhead.   Then she made short remarks to herself, punctuated by little laughs. "How funny ! Early settlers !       The Drawing-room ! An At Home ! Where, I wonder ? In the sand? And what a cheery scoundrel he is." " Scoundrel ?" said Miss Harwood, startled. " Oh, I've nothing to go on, except his shifting eyes and lying face. Do you know them well ?" . . , "No; they used to talk to me when     I was out for my walk, and I've helped Mrs. Sugden with the baby sometimes;   she doesn't seem to know much about babies. And one Saturday I did out that room   for them." A little unwilling smile crept about the corners of her compressed lips. "Ah! How awful it was! I could hardly sit still ; I so longed to put it right. But, tell me, she said, looking down with kindly interest, which came well from   a woman so much older. "Isn't it sad for you living here all alone ?" " Yes sometimes, but I'm used to it.   I was in a school up north, and could go home to my father's farm sometimes,   but the sandy blight nearly blinded me:   so when the inspector gave me the chance to come down here, father made me take it, and it saved my eyes. " " I suppose you know some of the people about?" 'No one except the Sugdens, and the old woman I lodge with; the other teachers     live over the other side ot the school — but I haven't any spare time,     except when I take my walk. In the evenings I study to get myself on." " I'm only an idle woman, so I oughtn' t to speak, but I should say you would overdo it.   However, you can come and see me now;   you would like my children       at any rate." " Oh, thank you, but I couldn't." " Why not ?" " You're too—too grand." Mrs. Devlne looked oddly down her dainty dress. "I am rather a swell to-day !   It was a great effort ; I made it because my cousin, in writing of the Sugdens,   said they were of a very good family. Mrs. Sugden, indeed, is so blue-blooded, and an offshoot of auch an old and distinguished family, that I hardly dare mention the name.   But, I needn't have troubled after all. Well, good-bye! Don't forget to come some day." And she turned down the road leading   to her temporary home, while Kate   Harwood went on for her dally walk on the beach, thinking at first about her two new acquaintances. It seemed to her as if a great event had happened tn her bare and solitary life. She had fallen     under Mrs. Devine's magnetic spell, whose face, like the scenery of her native country, at first almost repellant and strange, had a curious attraction and charm on nearer     acquaintance. " How strange it was," she she thought, "she looked like a beautiful   dignified fashion plate, and yet she asked me to come and see her, and she meant it, too. I wonder what has been the matter   with Mr. Bristowe ? He hated being in that room, and was dying to get out. He has a great deal of character in his face, too.   I wonder where he's come from ?" The breeze blew against her flat chest, and shook out some of the plainness     of her dark hair. She seemed such a slight young creature to be battling against the world, but she only showed the effort in her little nervous hands, which, when she was insisting with the children, or facing something   hard, were always tightly clenched   together. The other teachers thought her a quiet plodding little thing, they did not know of the fiery poetic soul, beating   beneath that serious exterior, nor follow   her to the beach, where, with her pince-nez off, she paced alone in a dream world, ardent fires alight behind her shining haazel eyes. Here she made verses, dreamed dreams, and piled up wonderful stories, sometimes carrying them on   for days, and if the teachers had met her coming up from the beach, with her eyes perhaps all dim and misty, then she could not have remembered who they were   till she had given herself a little shake. But she never confused the two worlds in which she lived ; In her daily work she was alert and keenly practical ; it was as if with the dropping of her glasses   she entered into her dreams, and all the other life fell away. Maybe it acted as a sedative to her overwrought nerves,       it certainly helped her in her hard life, and peopled her world with phantom men   and women; and it kept her from troubling too much about her solitary father, fighting against droughts and trying       to wring a living from the soil. Today she could not drop so readily   into her dreams ; real people had come upon the stage, but she began to weave them into her story, Mrs. Devine expanding   into a bewildering witch, with an unlimitcd power over other men and women,   and Mr. Bristowe growing into a maker of history, a builder up of his country sprung from the people, for when he had spoken   at the Sugden's it had been plain even to her half-educated ear that he had grown very near the ground. Her own place in the story was not clear, and she was just considering the position, when the real Dick stood before her lifting his hat.   " I did not know you ever came on this side of the beach." She gave herself     a little shake, and feeling for her glasses resumed them, and with them her ordinary manner. " Oh, yes, sometimes, but I like   the other best, it is so solitary. Dick moved on to his other foot, and said,     " Perhaps you'd rather I didn't talk to you now ?" "Oh ! I didn't mean it like that,   I'd be very glad if you would talk to me. I only meant that there is more traffic on this side of the beach, on the other you seem to get right away from civilisation." " And that rests you after the horrid school." "It isn't really horrid. Some of my pupils interest me very much. But the sea is such a companion, and it never answers   you back. I did not mean that for a hit at you," with a sudden brightness     which astonished herself. "I'm not much used to talking,"   said Dick gloomily, " I always get tangled up, when it isn't just plain, straight stuff." In truth neither had any small talk, but, like the poor, went straight       to what interested them most. " Goodness knows, I'm not," said Kate, " excepting to children, and that's nearly always explaining things and avoiding     my own weak spots." " I've been very dull since I've been here. It's awful when you're down on your luck, just mooning round, wearing out your boots and spending the last of your stuff." " But you're better ?" " Yes ; this is the first day that feels like a turn of luck. After I pulled that kid out of the sea, my word! I was shaking,     not from cold, but sheer funk.       I thought I'd given myself a relapse, and when it did me no harm, my spirits   went up for the first time." " No doubt your body is much stronger, and your mind hasn't realised it yet.   Was it typhoid ?" " Yes." And as they walked along   he told her all about his illness, and how his savings had melted away, and his hopes with them. " But I put a little aside, just enough to take me back and keep me for a little while till I get another start." "Of course you'll soon be all right.   Men are often stronger after typhoid." "Oh ! I was strong enough before !   And confident! I didn't know what I wasn't going to do. I made up my mind I wouldn't be a perpetual clerk like my father;     and it seemed the first thing was to get money. So when all this racket about Western Australia began I was off like a shot. I believe now it was only young conceit; but I thought I had an easier, bigger   grip of things than other fellows of my   age, and was sure to rise. Now it seems all full of ifs." " You'll find your confidence will all   return with your strength." " And then there are one's wretched scruples. I've often wished I'd been badly brought up. You don't stand a chance in the world if you've had a good mother. One or two chances were offered me, but they weren't quite the clean potato, you know ; and although I wanted to, I couldn't accept them, on account of my bothering scruples and the men who took them, why ! they're   doing the grand tour now." What matter if he called it ' ter' : it did not lessen Kate's sympathy. He found no difficulty in talking to her ; he felt she was a struggler too, and would enter into little hopes and fears. And then, although she did not know it, he was longing for woman's sympathy, woman's large, unquestioning sympathy; and that Kate was     always ready to give. "Don't you think if you keep on working, making the most of every chance, you re bound to get on, if you have ability ?" " Yes, with ordinary luck ; but when you're out of sorts you can't help seeing how some have to play the whole game through, without luck.* " Yes like poor father. No one could be more deserving, and yet he's never got on." " Why doesn't he chuck it, and try   something else ?" " That's just it. Somehow he can't; he   seems stuck there. I was no good on the farm, but I got on with my books ; that's   why I'm a teacher ; it eased father to know I oould keep myself ; and now I'm trying to save for him. I know his farm is mortgaged, although he doesn't say so ; it's too   far North to pay, so I want to have something for him to fall back on."   " Isn't it rather reversing the order of things for a daughter to save for her father ?" said Dick with a laugh. " Oh, he doesn't know. He writes and asks if I want any money sometimes, though I know the poor thing has nothing but debts. The "beginning was the worst; but now I take a pride in adding all the little pennies, shillings, and threepences to it." "You'll turn into a miser."   "My landlady says I'm one now. But I don't think what I've given up has hurt me now-it's passed." .   Dick looked at the spare little figure, and wondered whether she had enough to eat. He dimly divined her tragedy of small   self-denials. " I've only saved a very little ; if I told you what it was it would make you laugh ; but when it's a little more I shall put it in the Savings Bank." They were drawing towards the pier now; the breeze, as was it's way, had fallen, and   moved to the east ; it blew softly across the land, bringing a dry smell of the country   and of burning gum leaves from a bush fire somewhere in the hills. They saw Mr. Sugden going up the pier, with his springy walk, for the evening fishing ; he waved his cap, wondering in the pauses of the song he was humming why the name Bristowe haunted him. " Good-bye," said Kate, " I shall see you about, I dare say." "Oh, yes. It's so nice to have someone   to talk to." She passed inland towards her lodgings, going along by the back of the Devines' house. There was a sound of children playing in the garden there, and a smell of warm ripe peaches was wafted to her over the fence. Chapter IV " But I, who only ask for Earth's delight, Am held back sternly from the waters bright. I thirst, I thirst."       About a fortnight later Kate Harwood was standing in her room. She had just returned from her daily toil, and was   preparing for her walk. She took a box from her trunk, and, opening it, added a little money to what it already contained. "Seven pounds ten; I must take it to the Savings Bank; I must ask Mr. Bristowe how you do It. But I can hardly part with some of the coins, I know them so well." She picked out a florin with a notch on one side. "This was one of the worst fights; that concert and that celebrated singer. How mad I was to go! A shilling for   my train fare, and a shilling for the   gallery; but it went in here, and I suppose I should have forgotten the music by now. I wonder do other people hunger and thirst for brightness, for life, as I do !" She put the box back, and, locking the trunk, picked up her hat. She had never been to see Mrs. Devine, although she had met her once or twice ; and   wondered whether she had the courage now. She ought to thank her for the flowers and fruit she had found in her room one day. But she put it off as she had done before. If she went on to the beach she might see Mr. Bristowe, she always did now, and he seemed like an old friend. His uncultivated speech and bad accent,   which had troubled her schoolmistress's ear at first, seemed now to be part of himself. In her simple inexperience she talked   to him as she might to a girl companion,   for he had that friendly, almost   brotherly quality often found in the young native-born which made it possible to ask his advice and speak freely without any unpleasant afterthoughts. Perhaps no one would have called Dick a gentleman but he had naturally many of the attributes which belong to one. Kate could not   disguise from herself that he had openly been waiting for her the last few days—vague stirrings troubled her, which she did not understand, but she found herself growing hot as she thought " Perhaps he has no where else to go." But at any rate she would not walk that way today. She had wasted most of her time dreaming so at last she decided to go to the   Sugdens'. She feared that things were not going well there - the little handmaid had disappeared from the house, and Mr. Sugden fished with the fervour of one who   fishes for the pot. As she approached the gate, she saw Mr. Sugden walking up and down the veranda with Toppy in his arms. He was singing an absurd parody to the air of " So early in the morning." " The other night amongst the trees I thought I heard a chicken sneeze, He sneezed so loud and gave such a cough That his two hind legs and his tail dropped off. So early in the morning, &c." " Whatever's the matter with Toppy ?" called Miss Harwood, coming through the gate. " I don't know, she seems <to be> getting worse. At first I thought she'd swallowed some newspaper, but now I think it's a cold. Nothing catches her attention."   Kate felt her head and hands. " She's very feverish. I don't think she ought to be out here, mild as it is." " I think I must get a doctor," said   Mr. Sugden. "It would be much safer," said Kate, following him into the living-room, where he continued to walk up and down, till Toppy fell into a heavy dose, breathing very quickly, and then laid her in her cot. "To tell you the truth, Miss Harwood, we are rather in a pickle,     our remittances haven't arrived, and nothing   is coming in." " What will you do?"   " I don't know. Can you imagine the brutality of the milk people ? They actually refused to leave any more milk,     unless the money were in the jug, and our neighbours over the way agreed to take   a pint each day for Toppy from their milk man, and when I went this morning to ask them to make it a quart they refused   point blank. Such insufferable manners!   I shall have to make some other arrangement. My wife says that she has never known such horrible people anywhere     as in Australia." He kept looking at Kate out of the corners of his little eyes, and she, remembering   with apprehension her little treasure   at home, rose hurriedly and said :   " I'll walk down, and send up     the doctor." "'Oh, no, I'll get him myself.   And that's not all, there's the rent. The man came this morning, and said if we couldn't find the money by to-morrow, out we must go, and where? No one will take us in   unless we pay a week in advance, and how can we camp out with Toppy so ill ?"' In the pause which followed Kate could hear Toppy breathing feverishly in her cot. " Now if you could lend us a little   to get over the rent difficulty," he watched her colouring and shutting her hands. " Don't ask me, I've only a little,   and I can't give it to you." " Not give it, my dear lady, only lend it till the mail comes in, or I sell my farm.   Then I should run round, and pay you immediately." " I can't lend it. There are the Devines, try them." " Oh, I thought of them, but they are up in the hills, staying with the Governor, and when I told the landlord they would pay, he only laughed in a brutal way."   "Here Toppy began to wail.     Mr. Sugden bent over her. " Well, If you don't lend us something, out we'll have to go." " I'll give you what I have, it isn't much. But, my goodness, you don't know what you ask !" She almost ran from the room, she could hardly trust herself to think, and when she lifted out her precious box,   she dared not open it. After all it was only a loan for a little while. Mrs. Devine's cousin had written about them, so it must be all right. A little comforted by this thought, she returned, and counted       out the money to Mr. Sugden. watching him while he wrote out a promissory-note,   as to the manner born. "Now, will you add to your kindnesses by watching Toppy while I go     for the doctor," and, seeing Kate's look of astonishment, " Mrs. Sugden is dressing some fish in the kitchen for dinner;     you know we have no servant now." " Very well," said Kate, " she's always pretty good with me." So he picked out his hat from the debris on a chair,   and went off, while Kate sat torturing herself with the thought that she really must be   a miser to have felt such a pang at parting with her money. " But, oh! If he had   only known how it was scraped     together."     Mr. Sugden was not long in bringing   a doctor, who lived near; on his way   he could not resist buying some asparagus, it looked so good, and would be nice   for Marcia's dainty appetite. Kate stayed to hear the doctor's verdict. " A bad cold, with slight congestion of one lung."   He left all instructions, and promised   to get the medicine sent up. Mr. Sugden's cheery spirits returned at finding it was not going to be very serioua, he went to the kitchen to tell his wife, then skipped about laying the cloth   for the evening meal. Kate gently rocked the cot to and fro, till the door opened, and Mrs. Sugden came in, in evening dress of the fashion of two years before, with open neck and short sleeves, her fair hair elaborately, if somewhat untidily, dressed. " I'm so sorry to have given you   so much trouble," she said in her sweet, lazy voice. "But one must eat, so I had to cook, and as I can't bear my evening meal   unless I'm properly dressed, it made     me a long time." Kate felt too amazed to speak,     and Mrs. Sugden came over and looked at Toppy. "I'm so glad to know what's the matter.   This morning when she was crawling   in the yard, I saw her sucking a stick, and I wondered whether a snake could have passed over it, and left some poison   on it. " Snakes don't leave poison about in that promiscuous way," said Kate gruffly,   "I'm going now." And she rose. " Oh, do stay and have some dinner," said Mr. Sugden. " I'm just going to dress, and then bring it in." " No, thank you, I have not had my walk, and my landlady will be expecting me." She lifted Toppy's hot little hand, and kissed it, for she was fond     of the child, then turning to Mr. Sugden, as the more responsible person, said,   " Don't for get the doctor's instructions," and went out. If she had not been so bewildered,   she might almost have heard Mrs. Sugden saying, as she passed out :   " She's a very underbred little thing,   she has no nice manners at all." (To be Continued.)