ON AN AUSTRALIAN FARM (BY STEELE RUDD.) CHAPTER VIII. SANDWICHES AND COMMERCIALS. "Ah cud do wi' a bit o' a snack," old John said after a long silence, and glared at the pnrtmantean. "fy Jove, so could I, father," Peter put in. "I'm as hungry as a wolf." "We brought plenty with us,':' Sirs. Dash wood said, "if wa can find the bag it's in." "We'll coon fahnd it, Ellahseor," and old John p.?ceiede to drag the luggage abiut. Tilly and Polly came to his aosistance, and in a few momoants all kinds of eatables were be ing lhandedl round. Old John displayed rare confldence in the slndwichers, and ate six and seven at a time. "Lookat falther?" Peter guffawed, stuffing a whole scone into his own mouth. "Don't look at fatlor; look at yourself!" Til !y advised; and Peter, unable to control his !iniblo faculties, hbroke out and lost thie greater pait of thie scone. But what was Peter's loss "as laria's gain. "Peter!" sihe cried indignantly, and jumped up to rid hlir lap of Peter's lunch. Petter laughled some more;, and tried anoth er· scone. The compartment looked like a Sunday ehetol treat on circuit. "Ask thtse gentlemen," IMrs. Dashwood -hisioile to Poally, "if they would harve some 'thing to eat." "No, mother," Polly replied with bashful contenanEce, "you ask them yourself." iMrs. Dashirod then called upon Tilly. Tilly was not so hashful as Polly. Tilly made no bones about inviting the two strang sts to break a crust. 'Would you gentleman," she said, in clear, firm tones, "care to have a sandwichP" Those commercials were nearly stunned. It was more than they expected. They coloured to bhe roots of their hair. But recovering quickly they smiled most ingratattingly and stid "they would, very much." Tilly handed them some sandwiches, and tiey smiled again, and thanked her several times. "Would you laihke sooma 'ome-made beer?" old John inquired of the commercials, holding up a couple of bottles for them to examine. They shook their heads, and said "b'they woull rcather thie sandwichelra." "Yaw can Isavo boath, yew know," persisted old John. They shook their heads again and smiled. "By crieky, I'll haves a drink of that, father,"and Peter stanggering under the. motion of the train, made his way to the basket of hop-beer and lifted a bottle to his head. "Just look at him? ... Peter!" Tilly om tested. "There are plenty of glasses there." But Peter wansn't to bhe deterred..With his headt tilted back, and the neck of the bottle half-way down his throat, hie rolled the whites of his eyes about and glared at her liker a thirsty poddy. 'iThen with a gasp like an en g?,io letting off steam he put down the empty settle. "tIIow do 'n go, lad P" oli John asked, spilling out a glass for himself. "Not too good, fatler," Poter replied, withi a malerolent grin at Tilly, who was responsi ble for the br:ia. "A bit soapy. Ha! Htoa Ha!" "Yr'u drank plenty of it, then," Polly put in. "I was dead thirsty. Hal Ha! Ha!" and Peter starnted on the sandwiches. "He's very unkind, miss," one of the commer cinls ventured, with a winning smile at Polly. Polly blushed, but made no reply. "I msuppose hie didn't leave much in the bot teo?" tihe other commercial remarked, smiling at Tillty. "I wonder tie left the bottle," Tilly remark ed shotrtly. Beth commercials laughed in an obliging, •condescending sort of way. Putor looked up and stared hard at them. Peter had scarcely noticed their presence be fore. Visions came to hiim of "speelers" andt cardtsharpers, and he romembored things tie lhad heard about "well-tdressed travellers." Peter's suspicions were reousntl. He was alert arn upon his guard. Ho wished to warn his parents, and frowned and made facial contor tions at oel John. But old John failed to take thie hint. Poter leaned ovor and squoez ut hiis knee.. Old .Jolm stared at his son. Peter significantly touched the part of himself where his sovereign belt lay concealedi from the eyes of the world, at the same time glanc ing knowingly in thie dtirection of the strangers. Old John undtestood. He starteil to think, ,and bsorled a searohing gazeo on the commer cial travellers. He thought harder. He l?eaned back, and with half-closed eyes careful ly studied the actions of thie suspoects for quite a while His vigilance was soon rewarded. He observed them exchange knowing'looks and smiles under cover of the periodicals they were pretending to road. Ohl John wanted no more. Ha seas conovin~ a they wre wolves in Ssheep's clothing. Ho leaned foeward, and in a series of whisprrs and nods communicated thie discovery to hIis wife and Maria. They in- tnr pa?sed the word to the others. "Isn't it terrible to tliink they are allowed to go about like tllat?" Mrs,. Dashwood said, with a look of g?ant apprehension. - Old ,Tohn placed a finger to his lips, to cau tion hier to be discreet. PPeter spre'al himself over James and splut toeed the intelligence into his ear, and told him to watch his pockets. James said "Rat-!" and shoved Peter from him. Old John with a significant look at IMrs. Dashwocd drew his coat tight across his chest and buttoned it uip. Then collecitng the bags anil baskets that ihad been opened for the pur pose of pmviding the luncheon rcured them all, anl placed them under his eye. Mrs. Dashwcod nudged Polly and Tilly to sit close to hier, and for the remainder of the junnloy tihe two commercials were under a shhadow. SAfter passing thlrough mile upon mile of smouldering, smoking waste lands over whicht a fierce bush fire htad obviously been raging for many days, after flying past Hullangangerina, and Niccoloconjomorooa, and Bibleback, nnd Howo. and .many other strango places, .largo suburban residences with luxurianto gardens snd white paling fences about them began to stow up. h mucccsion of small shops took stape; perleatrians and motors and bikes he ran to come along in numbers, and the ascend ing spires of lofty cthurches elevated on hills, and vorlumes of black smoke curling into the sky, could lie seen from the winidows. Through the last cutting the train rushed, tlten the great city in all its age, in all its vonthl in all its glory, in all its grime, in all its grandeur and in all its dirt and dust, burst full before our country friends. Excitement ! There was excitement ! None of tltem could remain still a minute longer. Not even Granny, who woke up and wished to know where stie was, and how long she had been asleep. They were all -in a flurry. The train stopped. Peter tried to open the door, and discovered it was locked. "We're locked in !' Polly cried in alarm. "LockEd in ?" echoed old John. "By Jover we are. Father !" Peter cried. Old John "tried" the door; then he put all his strength to it, and nearly shoved the train down. "You don't get out for a while," one of the commercials called out. "Who wer' it loCked the door ?" old John demanded suspiciously of him. All tie family turned their eyes on rthe samslo men, "Thlat's what they've been up to l" Peter muttered in an undertone. "Well. Ah'll see abaht it," old John said threateningly. Tue remmercinl men smiltd, and began col looting their belongings. The oorn flew open and a railrway porter bounicat in. "Tickete please !" he cried, sharply. "Tic tte" 'Polly and Tilly repeatt, looking to ohll John, "Tluet door wner' locked," old John said, at. dressing thie porter. "It's net locked now," was the short anu Bnsa-. "ot ysour tickets ?" "Ah-b," and old John started fumbling in his pockets. "Yoa ndoa't get out till she draws into the tlttform," the circiul rvolunteeint, noticing Petolr's eagerness to alight. Old John se-rclhed the pockets of his coat and veast without success, then proceeded calmly to dig down into the recessm of hiis trousers. "Whal t th' dooce did Ah do wi' 'n now ?" he murmurrel. "I sw you got Ukelm from Mr. Johnson, attier," Peter rema-khd. The others regosalad old John with anxious eyes. The porlter regilrded him as an outrago. "C.an't you find th:m P" he said impitiontly. "Ah put 'n nsomaewhotc," answered old John scro?ringand twisting his body about to fit his big hands into his pockets. "YToU surely can't have lost them, Father?" Mres. Dashwood murmured with increased an. xioty. "Oh-h, A?h baint ha' los 'n," old John an. ssercd with charactelistic confidonce. "Ali've got 'n soomwheres." "Sure they ain't in this pocket, Father?" Peter suggested, taking a grip of his parent's black coat, and starting to go through him. "You haven't got them, Mother ?" Tilly suggested, looking at Mrs. Dashwrood. Mrs. Dashrecod shook her head, and said she hadn't oren seen them. "an! Ha! Ia!" Poter cried, "rwhat's this?" and he held up a toothbrush that he extracted from the coat pocket. "Thet laint be 'n," said old John. "Dr?'t bo playing the fool, Peterl" Tilly soaid, looking disgustedly at her brother. Tlhe official lost patiecae. "I can't wait on you all night," he snapped. "I'11 come back after I collect the next carlTi age." And out lie darted, hanging and looking tihe dloor after hlim. T'hie family gatholeretl anxiously about old Johl, all endeavouoring to assist him in the sarech for the tickets by asking him useloes questions about them. "Oh-h, Ah hed them,"' old John assured first one and then the other. "Ah hed them rahlt enoof." lIe took out his ponderous leather purse. "Just keep aee on they chaps," he mum bled cautiously. Peter, straightening himself up, stood sentry over the commercial gentlemen, while his parent emptied the contents of that purse on to the cushions and examined.them; but without success. Peter broke into a laugh. Tilly promptly rebuked him. There is nothing to laugh at, Peter!" she said warmly. "I was going to ask Father a question," Peter answered with a chuckle. "Wihat wer' it, lad ?" said the parent, stuf fing a roll of bank notes back into his purse. "Do you think," Peter asked, "was there any chance of you putting them in that pock et Tilly sewed on your shirt, Father?" "Idiot!" Tfilly hissed at Peter. Old John's hand suddenly went out in the locality of that pockiet. "Bu tet tht wer' oopsahde down," he mum bled,. as he became conscious of the absurd ity of searching in that lquarter. "lla! Ha! I-lHa!" Peter laughed, "did you see him going to feel if they were in it!! The porter bounced into the carriage again. "Have you found them?" he asked, with a stern look in his eye. "W\\\\ell, if Ah hed Ah'd give 'n to "'un," old John answered, with a huge smile. "Are you sure you had them?" was the porter's next question. "Well, Ah'm sure Ah paid for them," said old John, commencing to search himself all over again. "Of course Father had them i" Tilly chip ped in. "Do you think he would try to travel without tickets ?"and added: "The in solence of office !" "Well, if you like to put it that way, Miss," the official retorted'with a nasty leer, "what's he been doing if he hasn't got them-what have you all been doing?" Mrs. Dashwood and Maria and James all started up in the same breath to defend old John and the family hIonour. But that porter had been entangled irrnarguments of the kindt before. "Oh, look here," he snapped, cutting them short, "I'm not here to barney with you. If you haven't got your tickets, Mlister, you must pay again. Where did you get in ?' "Pay again ?" yIrs. Dashwood gasped. "Pay twice ?" from Maria. "Don't you, Fatherl" Tilly advised. "Let them send and ask MIr. Johnson if he issued them I" "Ahl-h," suggested old John, "you ask Johnson abaht 'n. He'll tell 'e." "Oh, you'll have to see the SM. I" the porter jerked out, and oplening the door com manded them to follow him to the magnate's office. They seized their luggage, and like Brown's cows followed him. Some of them looked solemn; some looked convicted of bigamy; some looked amused. Tills and Polly hid their faces with things they were carrying and tittered. "Goodness gracious me!" Tillv said, "what on earth do people thinkl of usI" The great platform along which they trail e.d was thronged with people, some of them scrambling and jostling for possession of luggage; some rushing up and down peer ing into railway carriages; some hugging long lost brothers and sisters, and a great number staring curiously at the cortege that trooped at the heels of that swaggering rail way man. Hotel porters and boarding-house touts thrust their advertising cards into old John's band, and into the hands of every member of the family,, and shouted the virtues of their respective establishments into their ears. The crowded shelves of the open book-stalls withl their glaring, flaring placards inviting people Io purchase the "newest wonder" in the literary line arrested the wondering gaze of our mutual friends. But the porter was in a ahurry, and they were not permitted to linger and 'look. They were annroachinre the door of the SM.'s office. Old John suddenly stopped. "Ah-h. hold on," he said, with a smile. Old Tohn seemed to have remembered something. "Have you found them, Father?" the family criedl, with joyful expectation in their eyes. Old Jolhn took a tobacco pouch from pocket, out of which he slowly extracted the missing tickets. "Thlat be 'n," he saidt, handing them to the porter. "A very stupid nlace to put-tickets!" the porter remarked disappointedly, as hle hand ed back the return halves. "Ha! Ha ! Hla!" laughed Peter, "you got them. eh, Father?" "Oh. Ah knew Ah hed 'n soomewhers." said old John. And they turned antd departed. ('To be continued. "