FROM the Launceston Advertiser. BUSHRANGERS. INQUEST ON THE BODIES. The Inquest was held yesterday morn- ing, before P. A. Mulgrave, Esq., Co- roner. The Jury met at 10 o'clock, at the Court-house, and, after viewing the bo- dies, returned: when the first witness called was Thomas Rogers, who being sworn, stated, that Brown and Jeffkins came to a hut at Port Sorell, where he was em- ployed as a lime-burner, the 1st Feb., in a very bad state as to clothing ; they had no shoes, but had pieces of leather and blanket tied about their feet ; Brown had a grey jacket drawn on instead of trow- sers, and Jeffkins had a blanket sewn up round him ; they each had a ragged shirt and no other clothing; they appeared weak, scarcely able to stand; they were both armed with double barrelled guns; they tied him and another man; au old man who was in the hut they did not tie ; they ordered him to get them something to eat ; they said they had nothing to eat for five days, but a parrot and a cocka- too, and were three days without water; they remained all night and kept us tied one kept watch whilst the other slept ; they eat a great deal during the night; their stomachs would not retain the food they were so weak, and they frequently went out to vomit ; next morning they got up before day and ordered the old man to bake a damper; told us they were going to a bark chopper's hut, three quarters of a mile from our hut ; they marched us up to where the " barkers" lived ; Brown went up, Jeffkins follow- ing ; Brown asked a man at the hut where his comrades were ; we then saw three constables coming over a hill at a short distance; Brown ran towards.them ;.he immediately levelled his piece and fired ; I saw a man fall; he then fired the other barrel ; directly after I saw a gun fired by one of the party and Brown fell ; Jeff- kins ran up and said, "Get up you cow- ardly b--r, and come on;" Brown said he conld not; Jeffkins rested his gun against a tree and fired ; he cried to the party, 'Come on there is enough of you to eat me ;" he presented his gun and fired , a second time ; I saw him soon after fall, after hearing a gun fired from the other parly ; I heard something said by the party when Jeffkins was behind the tree, but do not know what it was; after the firing, when 1 wont up to the party, 1 found tho constable who was shot, and whose name was Smith, still living, but he died soon afterwards; Jeffkins died after the constable; they were both shot through the hoad ; Brown was wounded in lix- hotly and had his left arm crushed hy tí.« shot; I called ont to the consta- bles when Jeffkins fell that thcro was no more bushrrangers; I should know the constables who were of the party if I saw them. (The men James Small, James Huckley (who were with Smith when he was shot), John Harris, Frederick Car- man, Henry Chalk, William Birming- ham, R¡chard Berbrage, and Thpmas Walker, were then brought maud recog- nised by the witness.) I saw nine con- stables in the party; six came up after the skirmish commenced ; Brown and Jeffkins took clothes from' 11s when they were in the hut on Sunday ; they did not say anything, but took them from the box in the hut. The Jury, without re- t¡ring, returned the verdict. " Murder against Brown and Jeffkins. Justifiable Homicide in the case of their death." The cart conveying the baggage of Mr. Horne, the Police Magistrate, to Nor- folk Plains, from the schooner belonging to the Van Diemen's Land Company, which brought it to Launceston, was plundered on the road-close lo the town ; but we are happy to say, the whole of it was soon afterwards found by the police concealed in the brick fields. THE PORT OF LAUNCESTON.-"We cannot refrain from remarking the fine appearance our port presented at this -season of the year, with such a line ol' 'flue ships now lying in. the stream, all dor England with colonial produce. It .would scarcely have been believed ten years since, that in 1835 there would be' .upwards of 2000 tons of shipping, al ithe same time, within tho limits ol' the town of Launceston. But so it is.. With .industrious perseverance on the part of the colonists, with such resources as they (possess, who can cay what the appear- ance of the Port will he at the same ..sonson of the year 1845? SHIPPING.-It appears_by the Cus- tom House Returns, that the number of .vessels arrived at this Port during 1834, (from Great Britain anti the Colonies, .is 42,-6887 lons.; and the numbers out- wards during the same period is 45, »15400 ¡tons. {February 10. } Feb 7.-Arrived the brig Siren. Capt, Munro, from Sydney. Passengers, Dr. F.S. Bromley, and William Petterd, Arrived the same evening, the schooner {Currency Lass., Capt. Taggart, from Syd- ney. Cabin passengers, Mes.srs. M'Dermot, >Browel, and King; Steerage passengers, Messis. Gabbage, and Wilson. Fun 8.-Sailed the barque Mary, Capt. .-'Beachcroft, for 'London ; the barque City iof Edinburgh, Capt.. Birker, 'for Sydney ; »and the Government cutter Shamrock, for .Port Arthur. Last wetik a considerable quantity of fruit ((plums chiefly,) was sold hy auction in ham- pers containing about a bushel each, having been sent in from th.- country by Mr. Espie. 'The price realized was from 9s. to flOs. per hamper. We think other Settlers would do well in following the -same plan, as " every little helps" the lindusirious man who is en . depvouring to struggle through the world. A few bushels of fruit is not much missed out of a good garden, and a few .pounds in .cash is no joke in these hard times. The Syren nnd Currency Lass left "Syd- ney within two hours of each other., and ar- rived here ni'hin twenty minutes of the .same time, We understand that considerable difficulty 1ms been occasioned in the building of the. .new Presbyterian Church, by the interfer- ence of the Government with the Stone- quarry. We .shall endeavour ,to get further particulars. The " bush-fire" on the Dinnyrne estate, which for the last several days has been, spreading with such fearful rapidity, ap- peared on Saturday to be nearly spent, but we regret to observe, that yesterday's hot wind has caused it to break out again with renewed violence. We understand that Mr. R.I. Murray will be a great sufferer in the destruction of his fences by this fire, which it is suspected was maliciously kindled. Yesterdy was, without exception, the 'hottest day we have experienced this sum jner. The wind (from N.W.)) was ca hot and parching, that it was almost intolerable .io be out of doors. CAPTAIN FORSTER AND THE PAW PAWS. - On Saturday, .?when Captain .Forster entered the Police-office, ¡the »ten in the dock failed to rise, wliich .nettled the gallant Captain a little ; anti ?on reaching the bench, he clapped his glass tohiseye, and havingviewedthepar .ties attentively, exclaimed, ' Uni pit* sup .pose those fellows»ere to stand up ; eli ! what d'ye think? when " Daslioil as if taxed with hell's roost deadly sir», they forthwith assumed the perpendi- cular ; and " Richard was himself again." MUSTACHIOS.-The exiled Poles have -wrought wonders among the fashionables. These fine hearty young fellows, with their mus (ach ¡os curling round their lips, have so alarmed the bucks that they have hurried with their soft chins to the bar- bers, and instead of getting the fuz cut off, have returned with horns under their noses, much like those of a tumble-bug. We pity the poor girls of these days. Their hearts will be taken hy fright, ii Dot by a softer passion. We sec by the papers that a lady at ti.« Cunom-house, Dover, was prematurely deli- vered, the other day, of a large quantity of loreign luce, veil«, gloves, shnwla, etc., which she hail ingeniously concealed aliout her person, so ai to give hor the appeat ance of lining eneiente. The indelicate doga of the Custom-house did.not aciuple "to pluck out ihn heart of the mystery," and their Search waa rewarded by the «bore discovery. '1 he miscarriage of the lady is likely to prove of terious consequence, as she will be suod for the penultica ugsinst smuggling. Mud her labour met with t»oresuccessful ¡naue, the articles above mentioned, ti,«*» is noubl, would have proved extrpmely fine sa ihey aceui (jiiile jn tho "family way," 