THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1836 QUARTERLY MEETING OF THE MEMBERS OF THE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY, HELD AT THE CLEIKUM INN, GUILDFORD, ON FRIDAY 5TH INST.—The Meeting was numerously attended, and much desultory conversation took place. The following is. the substance of the business of the day, which was brought under discussion : — Mr. Shaw intimated to the Secretary that he would, on a future day, bring forward a proposi- tion to amend the Rule 28, which excludes the introduction of political topics at any of the meet- ings of the Society. Proposed . by Mr Walcott, and seconded by Mr. M. MacDermott,—That no prize be given, when the Annual Ploughing Match takes place, to the second ploughman, if there are not three competitors, and that each team be the property of one person. Carried unanimously. Proposed by Mr. Yule, and seconded by Mr. Shaw,—That a reward of 6d. be given for each Hawk's-head, on the same being brought either to the Secretary, or any one of the Directors. Carried Proposed by Mr. Brockman,—That a letter be written to the Governor in Council, requesting him to impose such a duty on all imported Corn and Flour, as shall insure to the grower in this Colony a fair remunerating price. Carried by a majority. Notice was given of an intention to move that the rule relative to Prizes awarded to meritorious Servants should he altered. A fine specimen of the Grapes of the Colony was produced by Mr. Drummond, with the follow- ing particulars :— "Mr. Drummond lay before the Secretary and Members of the Agricultural Society, specimens of the Sweet-water Grape, (the Sweet-water is known to be a very good wine grape), from his garden, at. Cumma. This grape was introduced into the Colony by Mr. Macfaull, and by him pre- sented to the Government Garden at Perth, from which the sort has been abundantly distributed throughout the Colony. The plant from which the sample was taken has been only 2 years and 4 months planted from cuttings, and the portion exhi- bited about the 9th part of the produce of a single plant; last year it would have been about the third of the produce of each. This sort of grape has been tried in a variety of soils—Mr. Waters's cottage, on red-gum land, in the strong loam at Guildford, and in rich vegetable mould, by the side of a spring of water, in which the specimen before the Society was produced. In all these various situations the plants are perfectly healthy, although, as may be expected, they vary much in the quantity of their produce. He has never seen an instance of blighted or spotted leaves on the vine in the Colony." A fine specimen of Wheat, the growth of the Colony, was also produced by Mr. Drummond, and was generally admired. The seed was original- ly introduced by Mr. Jecks, and was the first wheat grown in the Colony. The specimen aluded to was grown on the Helena. Mr. Burges was not present, neither did he send in any sample, to meet the competition he courted, for the prize said to have been offered some time back. Mr. D. Murray was proposed by Mr. Yule, and seconded by Mr. Laurence, to become a Member of the Society. The bush-fires around the town of Perth, within the past week, have threatened some danger. Lieut Armstrong promptly hastened with a detach- ment of the Military to render every assistance in extinguishing the flames, and succeeded in getting the fire under during the day. At night, however, it broke out again, when their efforts were renewed, and, we must say, with a degree of alacrity and willingness which entitle them to our consideration. Lieut. King attended on the second occasion. We observed but few civilians so active as we could have wished ; we hope this arose from a persuasion that there was little danger, and not from a want of disposition to assist. It has been suggested, in- deed we believe it was remarked by us at some period last year, during the prevalence of the bush fires, which it is almost impossible to guard against, that it would be advisable to clear a road all round the town. To do this immediately and effectually, we would call upon all the inhabitants, either by their own labour or by supplying a substitute, to come to work with a willing hand. It would soon be done, and the aid of the Military, no doubt, could be obtained, on a representation being made to the proper authorities. It requires but the exertion of one individual to put this in a train to be accom- plished ;—we hope some influential gentleman will step forward to effect it. 