BUSH FIRES. One of the most remarkable circum- stances peculiar to the Country i. e. in con- tradistinction from England (and we believe it prevails nowhere to a greater if to so great an extent as in New South Wales), and which must be viewed as a phenomenonn by the new settlers, is the conflagrations which are constantly witnessed throughout the summer in every part of the country. Seldom a night passes, but the horizon is illuminated by the tremendous fires which rage in every direction of the compass, and blaze in a greater or less degree according to the nature and thickness of the bush, and the degree of wind blowing. It was but this day fortnight we had occasion to mention the calamity which Mr. suffered at the Cowpastures by the total destruction of his wheat, ricks, dwelling- furniture, originating in a bush fire ; and near Maitland, Mr. Smith's wheat and ricks narrowly escaped. On Sunday last, a bush fire was raging so strongly at Campbell- Town immediately at the back of the Church and near the Catholic Chapel, that even with the sun shining out in mid-day splendour, the flame was some times visible amidst the volume, of thick smoke — and some apprehensions were en- tertained for the Township ; but fortunately the wind was in a favorable direction. It is to be lamented that no remedy presents itself as practicable against so great and dangerous an evil. The very slightest cause — the most trivial circumstance is enough in this Forest of Australia, in hot dry weather, to occasion a conflagration which may and often does extend for miles and miles ; and would still oftener do so, but for being intercepted by cleared ground. The fire- sticks which the Aborigines con- stantly carry about with them ; and the embers which they, and white-fellows tra- velling never think of extinguishing, and which indeed it would be in general impos- sible to extinguish, where they have nan- gara (Anglice—spent the night), and even the fire-stick kindled to light the pipe or cigar incessantly smoked by Settlers in the interior;—either of these occasions is alone sufficient to account for the bush-fires so prevalent throughout the summer months. if any remedial measure can be suggested by any Reader of ours, we shall be thankful for the favor of hearing from him. 