The Tory re-commencement of Hostilities. Sir George Gipps being a reputed Whig, we felt quite confident that the first time he opened his mouth on convict discipline, he would get a rap on the knuckles from a the Tory Press of Sydney. - It is our intention to continue the same line of policy which we acted on during Sir Richard Bourke's administration with re - gard to these personal attacks on His Excel- lency, namely, leave them to our Whig contemporaries to answer, becarse they will soon be so incessant, that we should have no time nor room for any thing else if we were to attempt to rebut them. But as this is the first attack on the part of our Tory Press in the present adminis- tration, we shall comment on it. Our con- temporary says- At a recent dinner at the Pulteney Hotel, Sir George Gipps is reported to have expressed himself somewhat in these words, when alluding to the moral condition of a large portion of the Colony:--" he would confess that he looked for a remedy rather to the personal influence of those to whom these unfortunate persons were assigned, than to arming the law with any additional terrors in the hands of the Ma- gistracy. It rested principally with the gentle- men of the Colony to use their best exertions for the reformation of the unfortunate beings con- signed to their charge; England expected it of them -- the Almighty demanded it of them." Now, all this is very fine, no doubt; and our worthy contemporary, the Australian, exultingly flaps his wings, and crows thereat. But why should he crow? When did any man, or any party -- call it by what name you will - in the Co- lony, ever advocate or recommend the extension of unnecessary severity towards the convict popu- lation ? Would it not, therefore, have been much more prudent of Sir George Gipps to have waited until he had known and seen something of the subject upon which he is reported to have dilated so feel- ingly at a late public dinner ? We admit that the Tory party have not had the folly to advocate or recommend the extension of "unnecessary severity." Yet our contemporary evidently takes great credit for his abstinence on this point. The worthy man does not know what he is saying. But if our contemporary and the band of 427, whose cause he advocates, have not acted quite so much like lunatics as to-recommend "unnecessary severity" in form, they have been guilty of inhumanity in substance; for they have advocated punishment undefined, and punishment without limit. No laws before Governor Bourke's attempt to systematize torture, can be shown in General Darling's iron and besotted reign, wherein flagellation was limited as to the number of the lashes. The sentence of one thousand lashes awarded to the shepherd with one arm, on the prosecution of his employer, Mr. Hannibal M'Arthur, is proof of this. The man had DONE nothing. He had made use of an implied threat ; and nothing more ; mere words. That was all his offence. He had conducted himself well theretofore. His previous good conduct in fact, seemed to have told against him; it seems to have been contrasted with his threat ; such a threat from a man generally bad, would have been considered as a matter of course ; but as coming from a well- behaved man, it was held by our sapient Justices to be the more heinous. Such was the Tory view of convict criminality in the good old times; and such the wisdom and humanity of the magistrates of this land. Had Sir George Gipps any occasion to wait and see things, before he gave utter- ance to certain maxims of English law, equity, and humanity? He in his speech passed no opinion on things; he merely developed general principles. The carping ignorance of our contemporary on this part of his Excellency's speech, is only equal to his formally and solemnly deny- ing he had ever recommended "unneces- sary severity." Our contemporary then says - We beg to remind Sir George, that the princi- pal holders of Convict labour in the Colony are Englishmen,who do not require to be reminded of what is expected of them by their countrymen at home; and that, with respect to their moral and religious duties, they need no monitor. Indeed ? Not need a monitor ? Not need a monitor, after having sentenced a well-behaved shepherd, having only one arm, to a thousand lashes, because when he complained of not having enough to eat, and being refused an addition to his rations, he, under a strong sense of the ingratitude of his master, for his care and night-watching in former lambings, re- minded him that it was in his power to in- jure him the next lambing ? Not need a monitor ofter this ? We totally differ from the worthy Editor. We insist that he at all events stands in need of a monitor prodigiously, and of an inflexible monitor too; one that will give him blow for blow. Besides, he and his party are not En- glishmen; they are planters, mere convict drivers. They have lost their English feelings; and it is because they are no longer Englishmen, and that Sir George is a proper Englishman,fresh from Albion's free soil, that His Excellency is just the proper person to admonish them ; and to forewarn and caution them against repeating that insolent conduct, which, though it took Sir Richard Bourke by surprise, and he being in years, became weary of their in- sufferable arrogance, will not either sur- prise or dismay Sir George Gipps ; because he knows his men; he knows that all bul- lies are cowards; and that he has only to carry convict discipline into full effect, according to sound principles, and he will be supported both by the colonists and the home government. If, therefore, the report of His Excellency's speech, as we find it in the Australian, be correct, we repeat, that one portion, at least, of the senti- ments it expresses, was prematurely delivered. By and by His Excellency will have learnt, that of the great mass of the convict population, the number is unfortunately very small who can be moved by example, or restrained by remonstrance. On the contrary, we who have experience, tell Sir George Gipps, that the people for whom he bespeaks such sympathy, can only be ruled by terror. We have been twice as long in the Colony as the Editor who wrote this sen- tence or adopted it as his own. Until, within these two years, he knew no more about the managdmeint of convict farm servants in the country, than Dr. lang whose experience is confined to disciplin- ing his convict cook and boot cleaner; the Editor has till very lately, managed a few convict printers s; that is all. Fourteen years before our contemporary entered the Colony, we got our living by agriculture carried on by convicts. We are thoroughly acquainited with all their vi- ces, and Heaven knows they are sufficiently numerous - but we are also acquainted. with their good qnalities; and we again bear public testimony that while they have too many of the former, numbers of them make excellent servants, and even trust-worthy servants. We have said it often, and we now repeat it, that no emi- grants will ever perform in harvest time, so much work as the convicts have done during these fifty years. They have done all that the Governor has yet seen in the Colony, or will see. Every pound that our graziers can call their own, has been the product mediately or immediately, of the labour of convicts, whose wages, just and adequate as they may have gene- rally been, were not equal in value to their labour by all the wealth the Colonists now possess. It has all accumulated through the cheapness of convict labour; which is synonymous with saying, it has been by the profits of convict labour that New South Wales is that it is, and not a poor miserable colony like free Swan River. And if this be true, (and no one can deny it) then it is also true, that the convicts must have been laborious, willingly, or by compulsion; otherwise such profits could not have come into existence. In order however that we may not be misunderstood, nor be called another day inconsistent, we will here observe, that we are now stating general truths; we are ma- king known general results. Exceptions to these general results are numerous; but they are still the exception. The excep- tions are these. We have known scores of worthy settlers, men of mild tempers, who from the imbecility or malice of the neighbouring Magistrates, have been made miserable by their convicts, and finally ruined by them ; and some have died of broken hearts. We' have not time to discriminate nor to reconcile these appa- rently opposite accounts. But BOTH ARE TRUE. Let that be taken for granted. But let this also be taken for granted, for it is equally true; namely; that the latter case of injured settlers, has been the exception. Nevertheless, such exceptions have been lamentably numerous. We however deny most explicitly and emphatically that the convicts can be ruled ONLY " by terror." We know this to be false from our own experience ; we know it to be false from hundreds of instances which came, and are still coming, under our knowledge. The weapon to be used in the government of convicts, before all others, and above all others, is justice; steady, uniform, unwavering, even-handed, Jusice is the basis of convict manage- ment but terror by itself and unat- tended by justice, will drive the brave to desperation, and they will perish by hundreds on the scaffold, exulting when they get there, in all the pride of martyrdom. On the other hand, timid convicts it will debase to the lowest pitch of degrada- tion, and render them capable of every crime which is mean, dark, and cowardly. Be just with your rigour; and be rigor- ous with your justice, Give the convict his rations, adequate in quantity, good in quality, and full in weight and measure; and give them to him on the appointed day (how many tens of thousands of in- stances have these palpable just rules of equity and prudence been neglected or wil- fully left undone ?) let his clothing and bedding also be given him to the day, and of the right quality. Then when he is disobedient or insolent, you may flog him every month, and he will still acknowledge you to be a good master, especially the more bold and enterprising among them. For after all, we have found these men capable of great generosity and great at- tachment. When we went with eight or ten of them, all armed, to Lake Bathurst, which was one hundred miles beyond the rsidence of a magistrate, and where no European foot had trod but twice before since the creation, we felt as secure when we lay down to rest by the bush-fire, as we do at the present moment ; and no men could treat us with more respect, and more solid manly courtesy. And yet at night, we could hear them talking by their own fire of their former roguish enterpri- ses with the greatest glee. They seemed to have a moral code of their own; and so long as they act up to their "board of honour," the fellows keep their consciences. quiet. We repeat it, that with justice and a decisive vigorous and discriminating neigh- bour for a magistrate, we had rather have convicts for servants than emigrants. These men have in our time done us good service, and we feel grateful to them as a class. We have a pity for, and an attach- ment to them ; in the same way that old colonels of regiments have to old soldiers, although they may be great drunkards, and very worthless out of the ranks. When the settlers hear of, and witness, lives threatened and taken, the chastity of their wives and daughters attempted to be violated, and their property plundered or destroyed, they will pay little regard to sentimental speeches at public dinners. They do not, nor do we, desire to see Magistrates armed with sanguinary powers over the convict population; but we do contend, that they ought to have such an extent of discretionary authority, as will enable them, by punishing offences proportioned to their nature, to deter offenders from insulting their masters as they have done for some time; and as they are likely to continue to do, when they hear that the new Gover- nor has been talking sentiment in reference to them at the " Pulteney Hotel." Doubtless, convicts cheat, and rob, and cut throats, with less hesitation than men. not used to the trade. But the men who do these things, were once free English- men in England. Such men did these things there first of all. They will of course do the some here. This is a mat- ter of course. We all knew it before we came to New South Wales. To make a to-do about it now we are here, is mere Settler's cant. The emigrant's object in coming to New South Wales is, to make the convicts work, and to earn a living for himself by their labour; in return for which he must treat them with justice, and take all risks. Are they thieves ? we knew it before we came. Are they not kept in discipline by the laws ? This we bargained for before we left Eng- land. Therefore we have a right to com- plain of the local government when in- subordination prevails. Insubordination has often prevailed in our time; but in no Governor's time equal to what it did in Macquarie's time. Go- vernor Philip was a just Governor. He never was kind to the convict at the ex- pense of the Settler. His humanity, was not crueltyto the virtuous by over lenity to the vicious. Macquarie was a man of very great humanity and private jus- tice, but he was not a just Governor; for he was kind to the convict at the ex- pense of his master. Governor Bris- bane, aided by his Secretary, was a just Governor, as regarded the Settler; but he never fixed the food and clothing for the convicts. They suffered in distant parts great oppression in his time. General Darling continued the same course. He remedied it in part, the last year of his administration only. Governor Bourke was a just Governor, as well as a most humane man. And his failure as to convict discipline in the first year of his administration, contained in it a portion of blame, but not a large portion. He would have remedied all the defects of his new convict code, had he not been insulted everyday in the week by the ad- vocates for unlimited and undefined punish- ment; and by magistrates and others, who consider terror and not justice as the pro- per principle of convict controul. The Herald was their faithful organ as well as Herald in Governor Bourke's time; it continues with distended cheeks to blow the Tory blast of "the convicts can be ruled only BY TERROR." They can be ruled better by justice and vigour united. Absconding should be considered the greatest crime a convict can commit short of murder, rape, and arson; for reasons we have already stated. Next to absconding, an insolent tone and manner is an offence which, on being proved that it was wanton and gratuitous, and not provoked by the,oaths, curses, or jeers of his assignee, should be severely punished. Drunkenness is the next offence which should never be passed over. No convict should have the benefit of a jury so numerous as twelve men. He should be tried by a commission of two Magistrates, and three or four settlers, men of good repute, as assessors. juries of twelve, are too tedious and too expensive. No transported convict, after being con- victed in this Colony of felony, should, on becoming again free, be allowed to be constable or a juryman, or to possess the elective franchise. And he ought to be subject to the same inferior courts after his freedom, in case he be ever again arraigned. All time passed in absconding and in jail under committal by Magistrates, should be added to the original sentences of trans- ported offenders. And all new sentences' should be in addition to what portion may remain of the old. Any convict who has been thrice pu- nished by being sent to ironed-gangs, should be transported for the foutth offence. No ticket man should be allowed to ac- quire property, or squat on Crown lands, or act in any way as a master-man. This is already the law of England. The license money collected for squat- ting on Crown lands should be held sacred for the purpose of establishing a horse and foot police in the districts where the money is collected, and paying the salaries of Police magistrates and other officers. It is dishonest to devote this money to any other purpose. Finally, the present clothing of convicts is not sufficient for health and decency. They require another blanket in winter, and also a woollen waistcoat or Guernsey frock. It is as cold in Argyle and at Bathurst as in England. In summer, in harvest time, they require an extra pair of duck trousers. In reaping, the stubble destroys their duck trousers, and the men go half naked until the next issue of clothing. This is not right. If rigour and terror he used to govern the convicts, let full justice be done to them, as regards their physical necessi- ties. All masters convicted on the evidence of free men, of cursing their convicts, of other- wise treating them with brutal violence as to epithets and gesticulations, or defrauding them in any way whatever, should be de- prived of every convict they treat in this manner, and on conviction of a second of- fence, should be deprived of half their ser- vants. Neither should any master, from a false lenity, or religious feeling, be allowed to permit his servants to go off the farm on Sunday, nor to give them a holiday on Sat- urday afternoons. Keeping the sabbath day, is all that the established religion re- quires, and it is not reasonable that con- victs should be indulged in their religion, with an expensive conscience. 