CLASSICAL AND ENGLISH SCHOOLS. It was intimated by us in our last number, that measures were in agitation for effectually promoting the education of all classes of the younger branches of the community ; and we are now happy to learn there will be established at Perth, in the course of a short time, a classical as well as an English school, under the immediate superintendence of the Rev. J. B. Wittenoom, Colonial Chaplain. A school for the education of our youth in the higher departments of learning, has long been a most desirable object to at- tain ; we are satisfied, therefore, the an- nouncement that a gentleman of Mr. Wittenoom's acquirements is prepared to undertake the task, will be truly gratifying to his friends, who are ac- quainted with his qualifications, both from his lengthened experience in the education of youth, and from his know- ledge of the most approved systems of instruction It is expected his Excel- lency Sir James Stirling will allow the Court-house to be used as a school-room. We shall watch the progress of this in- stitution with no little anxiety, for its permanent and successful establishment. Mr. Spencer, who has held the ap- pointment of schoolmaster at Perth for the last five years, with great credit to himself, and benefit to the scholars placed under his charge, has, we regret to learn, relinquished the appointment. We feel it our duty to speak of this young man, as we have always found nim faithful and diligent to his trust, for which services he has been very inadequately rewarded. Four vessels are expected to take their departure in the course of to-mor- row ; the " Gaillardon" for the neigh- bouring colonies, the "Abercrombie" and "Alice" for the Mauritius, and the whaler "Harvest." The native fires have been very de- structive in the neighbourhood of Perth. Mr. Bourne's house, near the Guildford road and adjoining the Pine-apple Inn, was burnt down a few days ago, and also Barneden's house, on Mr. Camfield's es- tate, on the opposite side of the river. These bush-fires are extremely danger- ous, and require the greatest caution in clearing away the bush near the pre- mises. 