DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. THE CENSUS BILL. The Committee, appointed on the 1th of August last, with instructions to consider the provisions of this Bill, and the Questions contained m the Schedule annexed to it, and to report whether they can suggest any amendments thereupon, or deem it advisable to require any further information to be afforded, have brought up their Report, from which it appears that the Committee are stronglv impressed with the im- portance of obtaining much more extended in- formation than has been procured in any former enumeration of Population in this Colony. In the Census taken in Great Britain, in the year 1821, the ages of the Population were divided into thirteen classes, viz.,- Under 5 years, Between 5 and 10 Between 50 and 60 " 10 " 15 " CO " 70 " 15 " 20 " 70 " 80 , 20 , 30 " 80 " 90 " 30 " 40 " 90 " 100 " 10 " 50 and 100 and upwards The result of that Census having shewn that the Males above the age of 20 and those under that age were about equal in number, the in- quiry concerning ages in the subsequent Census of 1851 was restricted to ascertaining what num- ber of Males out of the whole Population had attained the age of 20 years and upwards, but the writers on this subject had expressed their regret that the details taken in the Census of 1821 had not been continued, and there is con- siderable ground for supposing that in the Act which will provide for the Census in Great Britain in 1841, the practice of 1821, in this re- spect, will be reverted to. The ages taken in the Census of Prussia, are divided into five classes, viz -Under 7 years Between 7 and 14; Between 15 and 60 " 14 " 35 . Above 60 And as this practice has the advantage of much greater simplicity, the Committee are dis- posed to recommend its adoption, with two ad- ditional classes for persons under the age of 2 years, and between those of 21 and 15 years. In the previous Census taken in the Colony, the only subdivision in respect to age was that of persons above and under 12 years. In addition to the subdivision of the ages, the Committee recommend that the following infor- mation be obtained, viz - (1 ) The number of Males and Females, mar- ried and single. (2 ) The condition of Males and Females, separately, under the following heads - Born in the Colony - Arrived Free - Free by Pardon -Free by Servitude- Convicts holding Tickets of leave- Convicts in Government Employment \- and Convicts m Private Service. (3) Religion, divided as follows - Church of England, Church of Scotland, Wesleyan Metho- dists, other Protestant Dissenters, Roman Catho- lics, Jews, Mahometans,and Pagans. (4) Occupation, under the following heads - Landed Proprietors, Merchants, Bankers, and Professional Persons - Shopkeepers and other Retail Dealers - Mechanics and Artificers - Shepherds and others in the care of Sheep - Gardeners, Stockmen, and persons employed in Agriculture - Domestic Servants - all other Per- sons not included in the foregoing classes. By this means the number of individuals actually employment m each branch of professio or industry will be ascertained, whilst the Females and Children, not following any particulars occupation will be classed in the last sub- division. Following the precedents of England, the Committee think it desirable also to obtain the number of Houses, subdivided as follows - Stone or Brick - Wood - Finished - Unfinished - Inhabited - Uninhabited. The Committee propose that the care of superin- tending the taking of the Census should be con- fided to the Police Magistrates, in the several Police Districts, and in those Districts where there may happen to be no Police Magistrate, to the Justices assembled in Petty Sessions, at the chief place of the District - and in ports beyond the boundaries of location to the Com- missioner in each District As it is of great consequence that intelligent and trustworthy persons should be employed to collect the information, under the direction of the Magistrates, the Committee recommend that a sufficient remuneration be paid, to allow of properly qualified persons being appointed. The Committee have not made any provision in the Bill for taking the Census in the Island of New Zealand, as they are not aware that any sufficient machinery at present exists, which could be made available for that purpose , they suggest, however, that it might be desirable to grant special power to the Lieuteuant-Governor, to enable him, as far as moy be practicable, to effect so desirable an object. NEWCASTLE COLLEGE. - The settlers in the Hunter's River districts, are making preparations for the erection of a college at Newcastle; the ground was purchased at the last government sale, and a building will shortly be erected, which will be both useful and ornamental. We under- stand that the Bishop of Australia will contribute to the funds. His Lordship having expressed his approbation of the plan, upon which it is intended to establish, etna conduct it. It is pro- posed to make such arrangements, that the institution may be increased to any extent that may be required. LABOUR - The rate of wages in the interior are so high that the settlers all over the country are despairing of being able to get the crops se- cured except at a loss to themselves. This is particularly the case around Bathurst, and such is the scarcity of shepherds, that there are not hands sufficient to take the lambs from the ewes. SUNDAY DRINKING - Yesterday about half a dozen of publicans were fined in forty shil- lings and costs for Sunday selling. It is rather a curious fact that the majority of the inquests held in Sydney on persons who die from the effects of intoxication are cases in which the parties die of excessive drinking on Saturdays and Sundays. THE JEWISH FAST. - The Great White Fast of the jews terminated on Wednesday at sun- down. QUARTER SESSIONS - It is expected that the principal business of the present sittings of the Sydney Quarter sessions will close to-day. There have been upwards of sixty persons tried, but the great majority, as usual, are cases of Larceny against convicts and freed people. Bxoiiun VNCP oi WATI IIVIHN - Complaints are made day after day by the public, of the exorbitant demands made by watermen con- veying passengers to different parts of the harbour. Now, the cause of the compliants very naturally arise, from a placard which is pasted up near the Queen's wharf, upon which are the charges specified. It would appear from these charges, that they were made many years since ; and we should think, from the low charge of half a crown for putting a person the whole way to Watson's Bay, that the price of labour must have been much lower then, or provisions much cheaper, as no man could obtain a living now, by the charges placarded at the wharf and from the prices being differently charged by the waterman, to those placed before the public, constant broils are the result. Nothing could be more beneficial to all parties than, if the old placard was taken down and the prices reviewed, and when the new water police system comes in force it will do away with half the disturbances which daily occur, as it is to be hoped that strict attention will then be paid. PRESBYTERIAN. - In the Dumfrieshire and Galloway Herald of May 22nd we find the fol- lowing paragraph. "On the 1st instant the senate of the University of Glasgow unani- mously conferred the degree of D D on the Rev John M'Garvie, A.M., of Sydney, New South Wales, and the Rev J. Birkmyre, A.M., Fredericton, New Brunswick, both Alumni of the University. We congratulate the reverend Dr M'Garvie upon his receiving this honourable mark of respect, of which his exertions in be- half of the Church of Scotland, have rendered him so deserving. WESLEYANS - The new Wesley an Chapel at Maitland will be opened on thursday next, when the Rev J M'Kenny, the Chairman of the District of New South Wales, will preach on the occasion. THE POULTRY - Of late some disorder has affected the poultry in Sydney, and the vicinity. to a great extent. It generally cuts them off in an hour or two after they are attacked and on being plucked, the skin appears of a black unwholesome hue, as if mortification had begun before life was extinct. BUSH FIRE S- As the warm weather has now set in, the settlers who wish to secure their fences and homesteads, ought to lose no time in getting the grass and weeds cut down, for several feet on each side of their inclosures. Yesterday afternoon a fierce bush fire appeared to be raging in the lands to the northeastward Botany Bay. WITNESSES IN AND OUT OF COURT - Yester- day, when the case of Johnstone v Fennell was called on, the counsel for the plaintiff exerted himself to gain a few minutes delay, in order to secure the attendance of his client's witnesses, while the defendant's counsel kept urging His Honor to get the cause called on and the trial commenced, as he had a witness in nttendnnce from a government office. As it was in the early part of the day, there was, as usual, con- siderable noise both in and out of doors. The plaintiff's attorney went out and began calling his witnesses, at the same time thnt the counsel were opening the case The defendant's counsel arose and requested that all witnesses might be ordered out of Court, which was accordingly done. When the Plaintiff's junior counsel commenced his address before calling his witnesses, one of them, (Francis Smith,) in compliance with the call of the Attorney, entered the court, and stood until called on, when, on going into the box, it was discovered that he had been in court. His Honor Judge Stephen rejected him as a witness, and ordered him three days to Sydney Gaol for contempt of court for remaining in court after the proclamation had been made, and being a material witness for the plaintiff, the case was not farther gone into, of course the plaintiff was non suited. The witness, who was sent to Gaol, informed his Honor that lie had been three days in attendance, and entered the court not knowing that he was one of the witnesses ordered out of court, also that he had only partially heard what had been said after he had entered the court, until he was called on. There can be no doubt as to the truth of the latter part of the statement, and the court - from the man's ap- pearance, and the mode in which he answered had pretty good proof that he was a person unacquainted with the etiquette of courts. It ought also to be borne in mind by the court that, notwithstanding all the complaints that have been made, it has not provided any room for the witnesses to wait in until they are called, also, if they are absent when called on, they are liable to be attached, and if they go to the public house to avoid the heat or inclemency of the weather, they run nine chances out of ten, of not being perfectly sober w hen they enter the witness box. His Honor the Chief Justice appears to act on a very rational principle respecting the ordering of witnesses out of court, viz.: that wit- nesses are likely to be tampered with out of doors, and wrought upon, more so than when allowed to remain in court during the whole of the trial. It would be well if parties, when summoned as witnesses, were told to assemble in the attorney's office until the time of trial, as by this means, much mconvenicne and trouble would be avoided. 