Correspondence. To the Editor of the Inquirer. DEAR SIR ,— The "Sand Hole" is the ignominious ap- pellation which our neighbours at South Australia are pleased to bestow upon our portion of this Continent; quoting, it is hoped, from the letter of some lazy, dis- contented writer, who has possibly been rendered here use- less by drink and folly, and, further, may have been probably cajoled by a crimp. Far be it from me to deny that the majority of the land to the westward of the hills, or Darling Range, is sandy. The fact is that it is so. I am one of those few in this country who hold that, in a climate such us we have, to secure to us tbe inestimable benefit of health, as well as to support our stock well dur- ing the long summer droughts, it is absolutely providential that the preponderance of our soil should have been sand. This to some of your readers (at least out of these colo- nies) is, I have no doubt, a new and somewhat strlking doctrine ; but let them read the few sentences I have to state, and then judge if there be not "some method in his madness." It is, however, to be borne in mind, that I shall in this letter compare the value of sand with tbe good soils during the summer season only, as during the winter on both descriptions or soil the vegetation is surprising ; but the better the land, of course the more profuse the growth of plants. But during the summer, the long and dry summer, it is an indisputable fact that the heavier the land, the sooner and easier it becomes parched and burnt up by the sun. The native or bush fires are also an annual destructive power to all the heavy lands, except perhaps some of those which may be fenced in, and so secured. Now let us "see what can be the use of sand !!!" It is a well known fact to most who have used observation, that on the generality of sand the bush-fires will not touch then vegetntion more than once in two years — that which was burnt last year will not burn this year. This description of soil has therefore this advantage — that there is abun- dance of feed to be found on that portion which was run over by last year's fires, which will remain until the new feed springs up, forced by the ashes of this year's fires. For myself, I look upon it as a wise arrangement, so far as the grazing of stock is concerned, during the summer months, on the western side of the hills, (and be it remark- ed that all the vituperative remarks concerning the colony only extend to the foot of the hills, as most of the writers against us seem merely to indulge themselves in cis mon- tane invective), that, in this climate and latitude, we should be favoured with sand for some portion of our soil, and with the purest water for our beverage, and that of our herds. I therefore give it as my decided opinion— an opinion grounded upon the experience of some years — an opinion which has remained unaltered ever since the first summer I passed in the colony — an opinion which I have never heard questioned by those to whom I have made it known (they, perhaps, not having had the means of testing it, or not having given the subject a thought) — that if all the soils which the experience of the farmer has enabled him to he a judge of, had been given him to choose one of which 7-10ths of this country should be formed, the per- son s0 permitted to make a choice should, and, after mature deliberation, would, choose SAND for that great preponderance. But some, perhaps, of the advocates of a contrary doctrine will say, upon looking at the signature of this paper, " But most likely the whole of your farm is sand." Quite the contrary, would be my reply. Were it so, I should not think myself competent to give an opinion on the subject. My farm is composed of a sufficient num- ber of acres, and is made up of very many soils — heavy alluvial flats; light alluvial flats; heavy clay uplands; light clayey uplands; heavy loam; light loam; sandy loam ; loamy sand (a word coined by myself) ; heavy lime- stone soil ; light ditto ; and sand — the best of all in the summer, as it is greater in extent, and the half of it af- fords green feed during the summer. In the heats of summer, where roam the different herds of stock ? Not on the clay lands, nor on the alluvial flats, nor on the loamy soils. Where then ? On the Sand ! The sand, so much run down in general, but duly appreciated by cattle and horses, as affording them the only green bite, and furnishing them with the only succulent morsel. It is, however, much to be regretted that not many farms are to be found with the varieties of soils such as I have men- tioned. It may be urged perhaps, " It would be well if all your country were free from sand." Again I say certainly not. Much of our mahogany, now beginning to make a stir, has this soil for its parent, or at least its cradle, al- though the finest grows upon a different soil. To it the banksia, tbe best timber for making leys for soap-boiling, as well as affording all the fire-wood used in the towns, owes its allegiance. To it, assisted by limestone, the well- known tewart, destined not " to be the mast of s0me great Amiral," but to be the keelson, bows its tall head in fealty to its nourisher, and longing to measure its vastness on the sandy ridge, to render its country not only respectable, but wealthy among the nations of the earth. And wher grows the furnisher of nearly all the shingles used in this country — the shea oak ? On the sand. And, turning from useful to ornamental trees, whence comes those gor- geous and splendid blossoms of the Nuytzia Floribunda, or cabbage-tree ? It also is a native of the poor and almost unfriended sand. On the other hand, it is the fine and rich soil that sup- ports the wretched timbered red-gum. The work of fencing is just finished, and all expenses calculated to be at a close, when the farmer finds his labour has to be com- menced anew, and renders him incapable of giving Mr. Red Gum anything but a very indifferent character. The wattle is still less lasting; the markets are all but closed against its bark, and for nothing else is it valuable. And what can we say concerning the flooded gum? It should be called tbe ant-gum, as most of every the branches are destroyed by that insect. It is therefore a nuisance even to use it as firewood. Many other timbers unnamed here are equal on both sides of the argument — such as the York, and the white and blue gums : they are all good for wheel and mill- wright's work, but it has to be shewn if they are superior for this work to the tewart. Their chief merit appears to me to be in causing the most intense trouble to the splitter. And now, Sir, passing by the staple commodity of life (wheat), let me ask what grain will not grow in abundance on the generality of our sand, with proper culture, and with a sufficient quantity of manure? It is well known that the Perth sand has produced good crops both of barley and oats, as well as peas. The size and quality of the vegetables at Perth is proverbial, as well as their quantity and great variety. It would be useless to enumerate their classes, and foolish to attempt to describe their quality, as any man who has ever visited that town will own to the truth of the assertion that in no portion of the world can vegetables be raised finer, or in greater pro- fusion. And the sand of Fremantle is remarkable for pro- ducing potatoes as good and as fine as any Hibernian epicure could wish to delight in. Nor let the traducers of sand forget that the county of Norfolk is composed of soil, if not strictly sand, yet decidedly sandy. And now turn we to fruits. It is almost needless to particularise, as none can be mentioned which grow out of the tropics which do not thrive with luxuriance on the " wretched sand." But the fruit of all others which seems mosttlo regard the sand as its home, is the Vine. This plant thrives here with a vigour almost unknown or un- heard of in other soils. It is an old proverb, that"'one fact, authenticated, is worth one hundred assertions." If so, I have only to state that ia a well-known garden in Perth belonging to Mr. Trigg,a vine is growing which has been planted for nine years. Its stem measures in circum- ference 26½ inches ; three branches strike off from this stem, and three inches above where these branches fork out they measure in girth, severally, l11¾, 11 and 10 inches. The vine is literally loaded with fruit, bearing it is calcu- lated, one third of a ton. In this same garden is a peach tree, which on the heavier soil did net seem to thrive well ; it was therefore removed to what may be termed the deepest of the sand. It is now in its second year of bear- ing, has some thousands of fruit hanging, and measures round its stem, six inches from the ground, 17½ inches girth. And now let me ask, were any man, just arriving from England in this season of the year, to be taken by a boat to Perth, and where he sees on his right hand almost all the fruits he has been in the habit of indulging in at home ; on his left he views fruits many of whichhe has al- ways associated with Eastern ideas; before him admires the beauteous elegance of the graceful and tropical banana ; and is afterwards informed that he may have fresh fruits every day throughout the whole year — I would ask him, I say, if his conscience would not smite him for having given credence to the assertion that, in the general acceptation of the term, Western Australia is a "sand hole?" Notwith- standing that all that he sees of this luxuriant vegetation is actually growing on sand — he views the towns built on the same soil — he hears that the greater portion of the settled districts on this side of the hills is of sand — will he not ad- mit with satisfaction, that there is just so much truth im- plied in the epithet as renders its sting tormenting, and yet so little, as I think I have proved, as will render its repeti- tion dangerous and unwise ? I am, Sir, Faithfully yours, SANDY FARMER. 