THE INQUIRER. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1847. The Perth Gazette of last week contains an article on the subject of a project to purchase the "Unicorn", upon which we think it necessary to make some comments, as we are aware that a strong feeling exists respecting the propriety of obtaining as our own property a ship or two to carry home our wool and oil. Generally speak- ing, there is a surprising proportion of rationality in the article to which we allude; so much, in fact, as to make us uneasy lest "The Luminary" should have concentrated the whole of its vitality on this one effort, resolved to perish gloriously in the production of one leader without a blunder either in grammar or spelling. To speak seriously, there is much good sense in the prin- ciples the Gazette lays down as to the hazards of shipowners, the abundance of other investments, the maxim that "we should walk before we begin to run," and such rare and novel semi ments; which it concludes with the sleepy ad- monition that has adorned its pages ever since we knew it first, "We would wish those" (&c.;) "who" (&c.;) "to pause ere they commit them selves" (&c.;) Having uttered which solemn and safe advice, "our brother of Western Australia puts on his nightcap," as of old; and having wished him a soft repose, we proceed to consider the subject itself. The question is one of moment — one which we have several times lately requested our readers to consider, with a view to enabling themselves to pronounce a sound decision when the proposal is, as we believe it ere long will be, brought forward in a tangible and distinct form. There are three different phases of the subject: 1st, To leave the carrying trade wholly to foreigners (as contrasted with colonists) ; 2nd, Colonists to become proprietors of vessels pur- chased from foreigners; 3rd, Colonists to build vessels for themselves. The first is the course which the political economist, arguing on gene- ral principles, would at once recommend. He would say, "Leave the carrying-trade to others, so long as you can find a producing trade in which to invest your capital." Besides this principle, which has resulted from the wisdom of learned and able men, there are many objections to our meddling in the carrying-trade, sufficient certainly to overpower any secondary arguments in its favour. We are nevertheless inclined to think that the peculiar circumstances of our colony will warrant a departure from the general rule; but we are by no means prepared to make the exception in favour of purchasing a foreign vessel. There is in our position a distinction necessary to be drawn in making any calculation on this subject— that between book-returns and practical effects. If a number of persons here were to buy or build a ship to carry their wool and oil, and the debtor and creditor account to be all treated as pounds, eludings and pence, we much doubt whether in three years it would appear a judicious undertaking, as contrasted with the numerous excellent investments which surround us on every side and call aloud for our utmost energy and means to be applied to them. There are several important practical items, however, omitted in such book-returns, such as certainty; for how do we now know that we shall get any ships for next clip? promptitude of despatch, every settler being anxious to keep the ship idle as short a time as possible. (Apropos to this, we would like to know who is, who will be the next three weeks, or who has been the last month detaining the Unicorn ? Has not the exclama- tion of every colonist been, "What on earth is she waiting for?" The "Hawk" came in without notice; the skipper said, "I want to sail this day week; I want so much cargo." In the week we put 50 per cent. more cargo on board her, and offered her nearly as much more. He sailed as he wished, and said, "Let no man again tell me that you keep ships waiting.") But by far the most important feature in the case, as regards the general question of hiring, as now, and owning, however obtained, is this: at present a sea captain (and the nature of these animals is known to every adult person among us, and needs no description) goes home chuckling over the enormous freight he obtained, over his success in keeping the market to himself. He praises Swan River ; tells every one how safe the anchorage is; and that he got cent. per cent. freights; of course— or rather he does (we speak of the animal generally : there may be excep- tions) exactly the opposite. What is the chance of two or three cabin passengers to him, com- pared with deterring rivals from coming here? What, on the other hand, would be the conduct of our own captain? He would not only take home, but publish, our exports: he would be- come a constant organ of communication between us and all interested about us at home. The moment he had got his ship discharged, he would go about as colonial agent to induce im- migration; he could make arrangements, and give information; for he would be a colonist: the success of the colony would be his success, and his principal object; and, as it was well ob- served to us by a gentleman experienced in such matters, "See if I would ever come back with out a full cargo! I would soon find emigrants enough, and with capital too, with whom I could make easy arrangements for passage-money." This 5 per cent. in our book would be, to the colony, 20 or 30 per cent. of real profit. So far between hiring and ownership; but this is, in our opinion, a very secondary branch of the question: the great subject to be inquired into is the policy of building. Here an entirely new set of considerations come into play, which to us are sufficient to decide the matter. It is said that "as good a ship could be bought for £2,000 as built for £4,000." We doubt it; but grant it for argument's sake, what does it mean ? that we can get as good an article for £2,000 paid to a Londoner as for £4,000 transferred from our right hand to our left. Here a material point is overlooked: the ques- tion is not of the policy of AB or CD building a vessel (although, whatever folks may say, such AB's and CD's do exist here, and seem to find it not a ruinous concern), but of the policy of a company being formed, like the Mining Com- pany, of all those who would be employed in the work — those who would immediately receive back, in some form or other, nearly the whole of their subscriptions. It were cheaper for us to build a ship for £10,000 than to buy her for £2,000; because, colonially speaking, the latter price is a mere name: we, as a colony, never pay it. She costs us, as a colony, little beyond the price of her sails and rigging. Moreover, the work would scarcely remove one hand from other employments, since there is somewhat in the nature of ships and ship- matters which so perverts and distorts the human mind, and often the body too, that sailors, shipwrights, et hoc genus omne, are never fit for anything else. Com- mence a 350-ton ship, and forthwith a swarm of these strange, uncouth, and cantankerous animals will creep forth from unknown hiding-places and become useful. Even this important feature in the case — that the freight or passage paid to a foreigner is clear uncompensated loss to the colony, as compared with clubbing together our own efforts to build her — is yet not the matter of most consequence; and here we must beg our readers to bear con- stantly in mind one principle. Our means in capital and labour in this colony are adequate to do little more than adver- tise our resources. True, we may drive a very pretty little trade proportioned to that capital and labour; and in fact our efforts, ay, and per- formances too, are creditable in the highest degree ; but what we must chiefly look to is — not the chance of foreign capital and numbers happening to come in (this is what we used to look to) — but that we so apply our means, efforts, and resources, as to induce them to come here in preference to elsewhere. Thus our great object must be (while we work our own timber as much as we can, and sell it as much as we can) to induce large capital and wholesale labour to be invested by foreigners in shipbuilding of our various timbers. We say "our various timbers" deliberately: we propose to run a ship into St. Katherine's Docks built of "Jarrah" and "Tuart," trenailed with the splendid timber we before mentioned as used in Mr. Leeder's house, and the cabinet-work done with our sandal-wood, jam-wood, casuarina, and mahoga- ny. Let her captain go to every friend of the colony, beginning with our indefatigable and valuable agent Mr. Andrews, and tell "the trade at home: This is now not a matter of assertion: here is my ship, the "Jarrah and Tuart," lying in the docks; she has just dis- charged her cargo: she has come 15,000 miles without copper; look at her, and see if you can turn out such a vessel from all the forests of your hemisphere. She is open to purchase, be- cause we can build a few million more as fast as you can buy them; but how much better would it be for you, now that you see the capabilities of our timber with your own eyes, tried, to turn some thousands of this one or two per cent. capital of yours into shipbuilding in Western Australia ! What folly is it to employ ships to carry home the timber for other ships, instead of sailing home the ships ready made!" In a word, our object is to advertise our boundless forests: by what means can we effect this so completely as by sending home a first-class model-ship of our own timber, full of our own cargo? We admit every argument employed against the project; nay, more, we could adduce several not thought of by its opponents. We acknow- ledge that, under average circumstances, to buy a carrying-ship for our produce, would, in so small a colony, abounding with so many more profitable investments, be folly — that to build a ship would, in such a case, be moon- madness. But our circumstances are wholly exceptive. Whatever mineralogists may say, our best gold mines grow on the surface; and to convince the world of this fact is worth the cost of a 350-ton ship, even if we were to pay it, instead of, as a colony, getting her for the cost of sails and rigging. All* oar observations apply to the case of a general company in small sharts, diffused among us all, combined to build ft ship or two for the English trade. As to the private speculations of two or three or ten traders buying a ship, we . meddle not in them : they are not what we advo cate : doubtless they would charge us just as much as the stranger does ; the only satisfaction would be that perhaps they might spend a portion of the money among us which they received from us in freight; but the whole invested capital and much of the interest would be sent away, never to return. , The whole subject has been repeatedly sug gested by ourselves, and we have only delayed reducing it to a more tangible form from a desire not to embarrass our internal commercial relations by forming a second joint-stock company till the Mining Company was fairly at work and the capital which was created by its transferable paper established in the money-market as a new and. additional medium of exchange and means of carrying out other designs and developing further resources. Our readers will remember that some few months since, an attempt was made by Captain Scott to manufacture rope from the common blade-grtLBB, so abundant in many parts of the colony, bnt more especially on the borders of the lakes and swamps, and who, after a 6hort trial, succeeded in producing a very excellent sample. We have now the further gratification to an nounce, that we were last week informed by a gentleman who has lately arrived from Van Diemen's Land, that the grass in question is tar superior to anything of the kind in New Zea land, and be suggests that we ought at once to commence rope- making, not merely for the sup ply of the colony, but for exportation; being convinced that we possess the material for pro ducing an article greatly surpassing in quality that obtained from the New Zealand flax. With every promise of success to his persevering endeavours, and after a considerable expenditure of labour and capital, Captain Scott's views, we are told, were completely frustrated from a cause which, if true, cannot be too highly deprecated ; namely, the refusal of the Local Government to grant him a small paltry piece of ground — utterly useless for any other purpose — for a rope-walk ; whether by lease or gift we have yet to learn, although, judging from their general policy in all such matters, we should think the fatter very improbable ; but intending, as we do, shortly to resume the subject, we shall endeavour to ascertain some further particulars, in order to Jay the real facts of the case before the public. We hope, however, that Captain Scott, or some other enterprising colonist, may eventually suc ceed in turning the above product to account. It is with much gratification we announce the rrturn of Mr. Drummond and party from an interesting uutauium expeuiuun 10 me oouitt t ward, and his discovery of several specimens of entirely new plants* As we fully expect that that gentleman, with his usual courtesy, will forward ub his journal, if not for publication, at least for perueal, before our next number, we purposely refrain from details until the results of his journey are placed before the public in an authentic shape. On his arrival at Kojonup, we are sorry to state, that Mr. Drummond there i learnt of a serious loss lately sustained by Mr. * Hasseil from depredations of the native?, they I having carried off €0 sheep while in charge of the shepherd. We are told that the shepherd, being affected with a disease in the eyes preva lent in the summer season with many persons in these colonies, was only aware of the deficiency in the number of his flock when returning in the evening to the homestead. As 15 of the stolen elieep were seen by the King George's Sound postman about 22 miles from Mr. Hasseil's station, some hopes may be entertained that the I unfortunate proprietor may yet recover a portion I of his loss. From the fornx r good conduct of I the natives in the Southern districts, we feel the I more surprised and annoyed at this aggression ; I it seems, however, the general opinion that an I addition to the mounted police force is urgently I required. I Want of space laet week prevented our ^ noticing an accident by fire which we regret to ? learn was a few days since sustained by Mr. ? Wall at York. It is said to have been occa I eioned by a scale or flake being carried by a P -violent gust of wind from his blackemitli's-shop I to his dwelling, which was almost immediately I in a blaze and consumed by the devouring ele I went. Besides the dwelling-house, the black I emhh's-sbop was also burnt to the ground, and I many of the tools much injured, and tooie of them wholly destroyed. We fear the loss to Mr. Wall, who is one of our oldest colonists, and much respected by all classes, must be con siderable* About a fortnight ago, Mr. Tuckey, of the Murray, also suffered a severe loss from one of those pests to the settlers in the summer months, bush-fires, by which, we are sorry to hear, his house and premises have been completely con sumed. In addition to the above, we are grieved to learn that, during the past week, a fire broke out on Mr. Harper's establishment, in the Toodyay district, by which his kitchen has been entirely destroyed ; and that a similar loss has been experienced by Mr. Lefroy. COLONIAL SELF-GOVERNMENT. We have just received another instance of the brotherly spirit with which our interests are now regarded by our neighbours in South Australia. Our readers will remember the disgraceful dis play of Parliamentary ignorance in the persons of Lords Richmond and Lyttleton on the West ern Australian Bill, which we exposed some time since. This ' morceau' has also met the keen eye and sharp pen of the South Australian Register, which, with its accustomed power, and in a spirit of true good-will and hearty support to us, has lashed the noble ignoramusses in the following deserved and bitter article. By way of affording the delinquents some society, it has tied the Times and Chambers to the 6aine triangle, and administered to the necessities of all four at the same time :— ' Were an argument wanting to show the ne cessity of Lord John Russell's movement towards Colonial Self-Government, one of the strongest might be drawn from the ignorance of British legislators on colonial affairs. We say not this to their blame, for it is not to be expected that every member of either House should be minutely, or even slightly, acquainted with the proceedings in each distant settlement in which his English brethren are located ; but for that very reason it is unfit that he should legislate for them. He does well if he know the requirements of England, Scotland, and Ireland, for which he must make laws, and if he essay the same task for the scat tered colonies reaching more nearly the Northern and the Southern Pole, than any inhabited land over which another than the British flag can wave — dominions belting the globe in almost every parallel, he will surely, like the overambi tious schoolboy, be turned back for not knowing half his task. ' We had a singular instance lately, in the House of Lords, of the ignorance of those who frame Acts for our Government ; of those who consider, pa6s, or reject them ; and of the mighty press of London, which with all-seeing eye overlooks the doings of both. ' In the discussion on the Bill for the Better Government of Western Australia, a noble peer took occasion to depict the wretchedly immoral state of the colony, arising, as he said, from the system of transportation which 60 deluged it with convicts, that it was a perfect hell upon earth. To this, Lord Lyttleton, tfie Under-Secretaryfor the Colonies, replied, that the Government was quite aware of the evil, and was turning its atten tion to a remedy. ThisfclittleJ explanation over, the House proceeded with the Bill, the peers and even the colonial minister remaining under the impression that they were legislating for a convict colony, instead of for one which is as free from stain as their own little verdant villages in Eng land—a colony to which convicts not only are never sent, but which from its distance from the penal settlements, emancipists as rarely reach as England. ' On this fact, words are not wanted. One such should lead the British Parliament, while it blushed to the very temples, to abjure for ever interference in matters of which it is so very ignorant. ' And the Times published this absurd con versation, and was evidently aB well satisfied with Lord Lyttleton's explanation as the starred and gartered dukes of Oil-cake, and marquises of Dice-box who heard it. *' We had intended to have written on this subject several weeks ago, but have been preven ted doing so by other calls on our time. We are not sorry for this, as we can now add another instance of ignorance in high places. What paper has been more influential, or more generally authentic, than Chambers* s Edinburgh Journal ? Yet that, we see, in a paper on our mines, gravely, and for the purpose of giving ' Infor mation to the People/' speaks of our ores being drawn to the Port by buffaloes, with which the colony abounds ; of our having a new and improv ed mode of roasting our ores ; and of our chief mode of disposing of our sheep and cattle (includ ing the buffaloes) being to boil them down for tallow ! ' Even in our poor little editorial way, in a journal printed in a colony but ten years old, and * sixteen thousand miles from home*— in a colony the journals of which one of the moBt ultramon tane newspapers of Ireland has said ' must be obscure prints,' we should be ashamed to show such ignorance of any part of the civilised world ; and we would challenge all England to discover such a blunder in our columns. But it is the same with almost the entire press and the people of England. Seven-eighths have never heard of us, and of the eighth which has, more than half know about as much of us as the Spanish nun, mentioned by Monk Lewis, who, to her ques tion — ' Germany ; are not ail the people black . there ?' received the reply, ' By no tneane, rev erend' lady ; they are of a delicate pea-green, with fiery hair and whiskers.' There is now living in Black Crescent, Great Ancoats, Manchester, with its parents, Joel and Elizabeth Fyldee, an infant, only eleven months old, which weighs 6 stone 6 lbs., is 30 inches long, measures 34 inches round the shoulders, 30 inches round the body, 18 inches round the thigh, 12 inches round the calf, and 6| inches round the ancle. It has 22 teeth. 