VINEYARD SOCIETY. The anniversary meeting took place on lues day, the 6th instant, but we were obliged to apologise last week for postponing the report. We.now give it in full. The meeting took place, as usual, at Mrs. Leeder's rooms, who alwa\s has kindly lent them for this purpose to the Society. It was a con trast to those before in being very thinly at tended : several ol the grower* declare that they forgot the day ; but we suspect the weather bad something to do with the inettor. The chair was taken by His Excellency the Governor. The minutes of (he last meeting having been read, the Secretary, presented his half-yearly report, as follows ; — Secretary's Report to the Vineyard Society, April 6. Mr. Chairman, — The progress of vine-growing and manufacture is now eo regular, that It affords lt»sB distinc tive circumstances in the intervals between our successive 1 half-yearly meetings. The principal feature «-f interest is the tendency appearing in the wines of eacb district to nssunne a separate character ; but as this was exhibited at ? our last meeting, it is not necessary to' dwell on it at pre sent. The past vintage has; on the whole, been very inferior to what in spring we had reason to expect. Its results, nevertheless, have been eminently satisfactory. They have proved that the most severe season we have ever ex perienced^ protracted drought commencing several months before the rains usually cease, and aggravated by a com plete atmosphere of bush-fires, has had comparatively little effect on our vines ; whether its effect on the wine will be for good or evil, remains to be proved. I confess I fear more from its action in some cases on the wood of next crop. The same inability to procurp returns which has hitherto existed, prevents my being able to announce the quantity of wine made tbls year. I have the satisfaction to state ' that in every instance where I have obtained information St has exhibited a material increase. The late exhibition of fruit was in every respect inferior to that of last year. Like most of our colonial endeavours, the commencement was the maximum. This was the more unaccountable, since the plan offered strong induce ments to exhibit large quantities. The practical operation of the plan adopted' by the Committee was fully as effi cient as we expected, with the above exception ; and I liave «io doubt that the experience of this season will in duce a very large exhibition next year. By the great liberality of the exhibitors, atmoBt all of whom presented the fruit to the Society, a fund was raised by its sale in the room, sufficient not only to pay all expenses, but to form one prize at least for next year. Here I may observe a curious fact. After the contributors had fixed their own prices on the fruit, the Committee added 50 per cent, to this price, and yet not only was the whole bought up within a few minutes after the opening of the doors, before one-tenth of the visitors had arrived, but complaints were made that it ought to have been priced higher! I have little hesitation iu saying that fi»e times the quantity would Jiave met a ready market. I trust that this experience vill induce growers to make use of the exhibition in future doubly— -as a means at* well of dfcposjnir at a vood price of 1 heir prime fruit, as of obtaining an honourable and valu able reward for especial merit. We are thankful for the liberality which enables ns to announce the future prize, but I must say that I do not wish the exhibition to be con fined to so small a smile as the contributors can afford to offer gratuitously. The fund being once commenced, there will, I feel confident, always be sufficient gratuitous con tributions to inHintuin it from year to year, probably in rreapiwi ; bat the main body of producers ought, in my opinion, to exhibit all their best fruit, and unhesitatingly Teceive the value they have earned. The object of this exhibition is to display at one time and place a -xmsidera- ble amount of the vintage of every soil, variety, and cir cumstance ; to compare it with the past, uud direct the luture. Circumstances having- confined me to Perth and its ?vicinity this season, I urn not enabled to speak personally «-f the condition of the majority of vineyards ; but 60 far as I have been able to learn, experience hus bpi'tt in favour of planting cuttings where they are to remain ; and of all methods, none seem to compare in any respect, so far at leaBt as light soils are concerned, with that of putting in 4-feet cuttines, bent to a right angle us the ground is trenched. Where the ground is to be prepared during the summer, this cannot be done, but the next best course will be in this case to put in 2-feut cuttings nearly buried to the Ja6t rye. A highly important experiment has been performed this season, proving the value of our worst Perth sand for vine yards. The wine produced by Mr. Saikilld can leave no doubt on the mind of any holder of an upland lot in this town that it is his own fault if he ever, after three yenrs hence, has to buy one gallon of claret. The importance of this tiial consists not in its displaying to us a good vine yard soil, for there are millions of acres of much superior eoil around ; but in fallowing that the very population who In general depend on the country for wine, can supply themselves in abnndance at their own doors. I sholl pre sently submit a plan showing that the average of town lots (although unfortunately so laid out at first as nut to allow the usual amount of rear required in healthy towns) yet are capable of producing in the space now left* as rears between the two frontages, and exclusive of room for etables, yard, and lane, four vineyards, each yielding 100 gallons -»f wine and a ton of fruit for tattle aad drying; tind all this at an expense to each quarter lot not equalling £3 for preparation and planting ! I have observed a very remarkable difference in the effects of this season on the various sorts of vines, some bi'iiig much benetitted, and others seriously injured ; but us my information on this point has been limited, I prefer FUftaeetine it for the consideration of the meeting to fur nishing details necessarily imperfect. I would therefore recommend a comparison of the experience of thtt mem bers on throe points—the - ffect of the past season ou the several modes of traiuinsr, its effects ou the different varie ties of grapes, and the efivcts of each mode of training on each variety. As an illustration, I may observe that, as far as I can learn, the Constantia grapes seemed to revel in the heat and drought ; the Old Zante currant, in the ex cess of trellis training produced enormous); , and the White Muscat of Alexandria succeeded best tn deep shade, in espalier, but could scarcely anywhere be said to come to perfection ; while the Constantiu preferred to be treated as j h standard. ' Uitter complaints have been made of the birds; and I hope to learn that successful means have been adopted in some cases for their destruction. I should mention some or these, were I not informed that they will be more fully Hated by the parties. 1 must observe however that, from calculations made this season, I have reason to think tliat, supposing the fence of a vineyard to be made bird-proof, the expense of covering the whole at the vintage with a net, which with care will last many years, will be less than 2Jd per flaut. The act should be itrafutd from fence to (cute, 7 feet above the ground, supported at intervals by rods be tween posts. Under this the vinedresser works, and the fruit matures In perfect safety. The experience of this season has awakened a strong feeling of the necessity of providing cooler places for ma nufacture than we at present poseess : aud it is suggested that by uniting together, as is doue in the wiue-countries, we could easily construct large public, or more properly, subscription, cellars in the hill of Mount Eliza. It is cer tain that, not only is the difficulty of manNfuctnre greatly increased, but the quality of the wine greatly deteriorated, by the violent fermentation it undergoes, in spite of any endeavour to check it, in the so-called cellars which are common in private houses. I am convinced that by a ju dicious outlay of a moderate capital, a series of vaults miiihtbe excavated in the soft rock of Mount Eliza, which would be let at a rent affording large interest on the out lay. A« this has now become a subject of pressing impor tance, I Avould suggest that two or three of the Council be deputed to eudeavour to set on foot some arrangement for the purpose. The rapid improvement in wine-making end the increas ing disposition to prefer colouial to imported wineB, sug gests the policy, on many accouuts, of reviving one of the early projects of this society in a modified form, and with somewhat different objects. I allude to the formation of a Vineyard Company. Tiiis wa« first intended chiefly for a model and experi mental vineyard, and collection of varieties. The object I would now propose would rather be to accelerate, by com bining the spare capital of many not in a position to be wine-growers themselves, the time when we shall supply the local demand altogether, exclude the foreigner, mid begin to compete with him in markets of the world. With the scattered efforts of settlers otherwise engaged, aud who6e capital is fully occupied, this will be a distant period ; for we have not only to supply the existing de maud for what Englishmen consider a luxury, but the created demand of ten-fold amount which will arise as we become, like the South of Europe, habituated in all ranks to view it as a leading article of sustenance and necessary of life. Moreover, there can be no doubt that we shall greatly accelerate improvement by a more extensive sys tem of operations. I therefore press on the members of the Society, and on the public, the expediency of forming at once this season a Joint-Stock Vineyard Company. The course I suggest would be to purchase a block of 200 or 300 acres ; to get all the labour which can be procured at once to trench as much as possible, with an efficient overseer ; but by no means to contract for the work. In this I would expend Die principal share of the paid-up capital. Tiita ground shonld be planted with strong 2-fect cuttings of freL'-^ronin^ vines to graft; except so fur as we can procure those of valuable varieties, which I fear would be but to a limited extent. As little as possible should be spent in other improvements at present, although some fence would be required to protect tlte plants. Should a site be selected in one of the sheltered valleys of the lime stone sea-coast ranges, I would advise stone and lime fences : and every one who has seen the extent and style of buildings at Rottoest will concur with me in thinking that where the materials are on the spot, a very large vineyard would soon be walled in by one active resident workman, witli the aid of natives. Such a company would perform anoiher important service, by affording a constant supply of work ready for any man or number of men who might be at any time out of employment. The greater part of our opera) ions could be done at aay season, nor do 1 see any limit to their continuance when the returns shall once begin to flow in. Of course, neither our funds nor pru dcDce would justify the planting of more than 50 or 60 acres until we ascertained the character of the produce ; but this may be doue, if not the first, certainly the second, year, by planting a uuntber of aged vines of different sorts. Vfe miitht, in fact, get in an acre of rooted vines and 20 acre? of cuttings this year ; and as we know that every place we have, tried produces a good saleable wine for colo nial iif-e, there cuu be no danger of a total failure; we may be morally certain of getting Is 6d a gallon for our wins, which, an I have calculated, taking every return at the lowest, and every expense at the highest, rates, will be a little better than cent, per cent, on the capital required. Til is calculation I have made the subject of a separate paper. R. W. Na.su, Hon. Secretary. Calculation, referred to above, of the probable Returns of an Acre of Vineyard. 3,000 vines, at 41bs. per vine, 1,2001ns., which would yield 600 gallons wine, at H 6d ? £45 Expenses of every sort ? 15 Leaving a balance of net profit ? £30 Or rather more than the the total cost of preparation, planting, &c.; But an acve should contain above 3,000 vines; a vine should bear much above 4lbs. ; the wine should fetch, at present rates, above £100 ; and the expenses would not equal £15. The balance in favour of the viuejaru has therefore been greatly understated. The report having been unanimously adopted, the Secretary mentioned that he had reason to believe that it was in the contemplation of the Local Government greatly to reduce the amount limited by the License Act, and that it was therefore not necessary for the meeting again to moot the subject. A fine sample of raisins was exhibited, manu factured by Mr. Wei bourne, of Guild lord; and of Zante currants, by Mr. Shenton. A paper was read from Mr. Austin (addressed to the Secretary) on the subject of forming a Vineyard Company, in which, after remarking on the importance of the subject, the writer proceeds as follows : — I now submit to the consideration of the members of the Vineyard Society and to the colonists gene rally (for 1 would desire that many should share the permanent advantages to be derived from the establishment of the proposed company) a few principles or details of the contemplated arrangements :— 1st. — That »lie company be styled ' Tlie Western Aus* tralian United Association of Vineyard Proprietors.' 2nrlly. — Tlmt the original capital of the ussqriation be £5,000 (capable of extension), divided into 1,000 shares of £5 «ach ; a deposit of 10s per share V- be paid ut the l--jriod vt butiocriptioo, tuiii a further deposit of the like sum on ollotatrnt of scrip, and a further advance of not more than £1 per share per annum be called for at any future period as required. 3rdly.— That no shareholder be responsible beyond the amount of his subscription. 4thly. — That the association do consist of the customary officers, viz., a chairman, vice-chairman, directorB,tuanager, auditors, secretary, &c;, &c.; 5tbly. — That holders of 5 shares and upwards be quali fied for election as officers. 6th ly. — That the officers be elected by ballot, and for Buch period as may be determined upon ; and that each share be represented by 3 votes. 7thly. — That the directors be limited to 6 in number, 3 of whom to retire annually by rotation, but eligible to be re-elcited for the current year, upon a majority of not lets tliBi* 10 votes over new candidates. ' 8ihly. — That the practical operations be under tbe con trol of a qualified individual (to be styled ' the manager'), who must hold not IesB than 5 shares in the company. 9rhly. — That the salary of the manager be at a fixed rate for the first 3 years, after which period it shall be aug mented either pro rata accotding to the extent of land under cultivation, or by a percentage upon the annual profits. iOthly. — That subscriptions to the extent of 8 shares each be accepted from labouring classes, payable, within a prescribed period, in labour or materials as required, ut contractprice or current rates ; but no such shares shall be transferable, except in case of death or departure from the colony, until the full amount of labour, &c;,, respectively, shall have been supplied us required, and duly certified for by the manager, or with the consent (by endorsement) of the chairman, vice-chairman, aud at least 3 of the di rectors, for tbe time being. 11th. — That a suitable spot for the vineyard should be selected and purchased, combining, if possible, every quali fication of soil, aspect, shelter, proximity to a shipping port, convenience of water-carriage or good approach by land, uud of not less than 200 acres in extent, exclusive of such other accommodation as may be required. 12th. — That all operations and purchases be contracted for by advertisement, preference being given to share holders; all contracts to be submitted to the board of directors, and upon their approval, to be entered into by them on behalf of the company. 13th. — That all accounts be audited by tbe treasurer,aud payment made upon certificate and the approval and signature of the chairman or vice-chairman, aud of trot leas than ^directors for the time being. 14th.— That if a suitable site can be obtained and labour be procured in sufficient time, 5 acres of vineyard, at the least, be put down this season, and the like quaufity be eiinuully planted, exclusive of olive-trees, which tuay be planted as screens, avenues, borders, &c.;,&c.;,or as may be determined upon, or as phtnlscan be procured. 15th. — That when necessary, one competent vinedresser and at least 2 labourers to every 5 acres of vineyard be au nuully employed at fixed salary or wages. 16th. — That when the manufacture of wine shall be con templated, the operations shall be conducted by a qualified person to be engaged expressly for that purpose at a fixed salary per annum, and to be further augmented by a cer tain percentage upon the produce-value of all wineB made, as an inducement to more effective exertions. 17th. — That half-yearly meetings of the association or company be held at stated periods, to receive reports of pro gress, returns of produce, &c.; 18th. — That the company's affairs be conducted under a proper deed of settlement, comprehending all customary or necessary clauses. The above are some of the arrangements I should pro pose, butdoubtlesB other useful details will be suggested by yourself and other members of the Viueyard Society, whin the subject shall be submitted to them ; and in conclusion I shall merely recommend, that in the event of a company or association being formed, operations be commenced with a rrtc'sm- vineyard, in order that the returns, which will consequently be much earlier than from wine, may be made applicable to current expenses uud for the further extension of the plantation. I need not re-assure you of my continued zeal in the good cause, nor state more than that 1 shall at all times be ready to assist the prosecution of so desirable a work ; but in the event of disappointment fn establishing a /mft/tccompauy, 1 am still williug to unite with one or more private indivi duals to attempt our best, in order to effect that which I feel confident mil eventually become one of tlie principal staples of this colony, if not its chief dependence — viz., tun export trade of wine, raisins, aud olive oil. A discussion then took place on this subject, and a strong feeling appeared to exist in favour of the benefits to result from forming a company, and going to work this season. It was resolved, ' That (he Council be requested to prepare and lay before a special meeting as soon as possible, a plan for forming a Vineyard Company.' With reference to bird*, it was observed that a larger species of the flycatcher had proved most mischievous this season. The Secretary stated that he believed Mr. Little had furnished to Mr. S. Moore an account of a simple plan by which with a basket and string he had destroyed some thousand ' silver-eyes,' but in the absence of Mr. Moore, he could npt explain the plan ; he would take measures, however, to obtain and have it published. Mr. Little had, he under stood, entirely freed his .vineyard from these little pests. The following gentlemen were appointed a committee of the Council, with power to add to their number, to endeavour to make arrange ments to establish public, or subscription, cellars in Mount Eliza : — Messrs. Knight, G. Sbenton, and Caporelli. It was remarked by His Excellency and seve ral others, that, so tar as their experience had ex tended, the quantity of wine this year had fallen short, rather than increased, owing chiifly to the birds. The meeting then adjourned. 