NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR. (Frem oin-own Correspondent.) GUNDAGAI. OCTOBER 16.-The lambing season has provea a tolerably good one in this district generauv, notwithstanding the severity of tho weither which marked its conclusion. By reference » your Meteorological Table, and the vanous communications of your different correspon- dents. I find that the atmospheric changes 01 September wero experienced all over the coun- try at the Bametime, if we except the hot win«, which are recorded as having raged in w" counties near the coast. For a few days pre- vious to the 21st September, and immediately succeeding the bleak and showery weather: de- scribed in my last communication, we had an excessively sultry atmosphere, varied only by puffs of dry air from the north-west, until the 20th, when it blew strongly all day from the same quarter, the sultriness being exe» sive. Still there was no hot wraa. ^a lhursday, the 21st, the therniom^ ftU w. pidly, and wo «pe^'ced a violent storm of Wind and ruin, mingled with sleet, which lsstw the whole of the day and succeeding wgnt> when it cleared off; bright, mild, sunny asy«, with frosty nights, characterising the weather afterwards, , . Here, the hail which fell was trifling. W» down tho river in certain places it was exces- sive. On the stations of Mr. Charles '¡<^ff the great weight of the storm appears to My? fallen, the hail lying in the valleys nine laen» in depth, andremainmgunthawedtmtUSuaosyi tho 24th I The rain is represented« having Wf" severe in the extreme, and on one "toUon""! effect on the sand hiUs (those "np01'«» agemts in all physiological changes) «"» gre.att tv» in ovfi instance almost to. bury v <. sido of ft fold of hurdles which was next, and contiguous to, the baso of the ridge, by the quantity of sand swept before tho torrent of water. Trenches aro also cut in these hills by the rushing of tho floods, of such a depth as will materially reduce the elevation of the mounds when tho openings are (as they must bej filled up again ; whilst the lagoons, which in many places skirt those ridges, aro partially filled up by tho debris. Hero wo see the com- mencement of an extensive change in the faco of the country. Reverting to the hot wind ; I have boon fre- quently deemed "crotchety" for assuming that a vast extent of forest country blazing in .one general conflagration, could affect tho tem- perature of the atmosphere, and I should be glad to hear the opinion of the talented W.B.C. upon the subject. In my frequent journeys to and from the interior, I have hod many oppor- tunities of satisfying mytelf, that an extensivo bush-firo will produce a heated atmosphere to a distance of thirty or forty miles during a summer's day, whilst nt night, on ascending a hill, I have felt tho effects of a conflagration of this kind ten or twelve miles away, the hoot of tlie atmosphere increasing as I approached the fire.. From a singlo Uro this moy bo pro- duced by a current of air blowing directly therefrom, but where, (as is frequently the case) the whole horizon is ono blaze of light, must not the effects be equally extensive ? By reference to your correspondents' and your own tobies, I find tno counties of Camden and Cumberland were suffering at the same timo from extensive bush-fires, and as we had no hot wind hero, how do you account for its presence with you? There does not ap- pear to have been a hot .wind even at Goul- burn, and surely ut this time of the year the heat of the sun is not sufficiently grout either to rarify the air to a degree, or heat the surfaco of the earth to an extent which would produce a hot wind; though it might warm the under current of air in the distance between Goul- burn and Sydney. Two or three Bevcrc storms of thunder and rain, accompanied by much sleet and hail, have been experienced since the commencement of the month, and have retarded the shearing, which is now generally piogressing. The prices paid aro mostly the sarao as last year, but in some oases a shado lower, and average about 2s. lOd, per score for shearing, some persons giving 2s. 9d. without, and 2s. 6d. with rations, whilst others have been compelled to give 3s. per score without board. The price for washing per day is generally from 4s. to 4s. Gd. without food. Much, however, de- pends on the extent of the job, as labourers will always work for less where there are 20,000 or 30,000 sheep, than where thero are but G000 or 8000, as the profits to shearers are greater in proportion. Arrangements have at length been made for the erection of a steam mill at Gundagai, and the work is in progress. May tho speculation prove as prontauie to tne proprietors, as n is important to tho district. Public pounds have been established beyond tho boundaries by the different Benches of Petty Sessions, but an opinion ia extant that the act docs not apply beyond the limits, and that parties are not justified in impounding for trespass off their squattages. This opinion is rendering the pounds inoperative, and perhaps some of your correspondents will give us an opinion on this subject. It certainly docs appear, that as settlers poy a license fee to the government for the occupation of certain land, and an agistment tax for the right of eating (by Îiroxy, mind you) all the grass grown on that anil, it is as much a trespass of their neigh- bour's cattle to eat it as though the fee simple vested in the holder of the license, and there is certainly nothing in the wording of the act which renders it inapplicable to tho country beyond tho limits, unless it bo the construction to bo placed on the word "colony," which in some ucts, (the Hawkers' and Pedlars' for instance) refers only to tho country within the counties. It is time somo of these acts were revised, and the ambiguity of many of the clauses, tending only to em- barrass magistrates, cleared awav. We hope io see the Small Debts Act re- newed with an extended jurisdiction to benches of Petty Sessions. Two.or three slight altera- tions plight be made in the Act, but from some experience I am justified in saying it works well. One of your correspondents raised au objection to it on the ground that it contained no clause " to prevent a debtor making away with his property between judgment and exe- cution. But surely no man, upon reflection, wpuld pronounce it just to arm a creditor with a warrant to distrain at the time of judgment being given in his favour. The short time that is allowed by the Act, enables many a poor man to sell to advantage a portion of "his property to discharge the debt and costs, which he is bound to pay ; whereas, if execu- tion issued contemporaneously with the ver- dict, there would be great sacrifices of pro- perty, and a door opened for the gratification of envy, hatred, and all uncharitobleness. It is scarcely Christian to assume that every man against whom a verdict passes in the Small Debts Court, is a rogue, or to argue he shall be dealt with as a «windier. The river is rising rapidly from the effects of the late heavy rains. 