Occulta vitia inquirere. From Lesehenault we have the following intelligence, which we conceive to be of the highest importance to our colonists ; promising, as it does, the assistance of Indian labour, and a market for an article of commerce which Western Australia possesses in abundance. We will first give an extract from our letter, and then proceed in our remarks upon the import ance of giving every assistance to promote and cany into effect these desirable measures. Our correspondent writes : — ' A vessel from India ' has been to Lesehenault, and proceeds to Van ' Diemen's Land for Mr. Prinsep's horses, and ' returns again with them to Mr. Little's ' station. A large order for timber has been ' received for the Indian market, and they offer, ' if we have not sufficient labour to execute it, ' that a number of Coolies shall be sent to fell ' and cut.' Here, then, we have a prospect of two of our principal wants being satisfied — the supply of labourers, and the introduction of our timber into a foreign market. Should this have once a full and fair trial, its qualities of durabili ty, strength, and freedom from the attacks of white ants and marine-worms, would ensure it a certain approval and a. steady demand. The lengths of timber we can supply is also another feature strongly in favour of our indigenous timber for keels of vessels, beams, Sec. ; while the former qualities render it highly adapted for Building purposes, railway sleepers, &c.; We have long been of opinion that the great riches of Western Australia would be found comprised in its indigenous timber, and that if once this trade commenced, it might afford the means of subsistence to its inhabitants for years to come. There is at the present time a great want of timber fitted for shipbuilding and other purposes where strength of material, durability, and length, are required— and in none of these requi sites is the jarrah or the tuart deficient. We also find that labourers can be imported from India for farm, out-door, and other hard work, and that if the samples of timber we send are approved of, in all probability a larger order will be subsequently sent. The first great point is to be particularly careful to send nothing but sound, good wood, and the next to ship as cheaply -es possible : provided the capital ex- j pended, interest, and disbursements, are merely | returned, the profit may fairly be left to the ! second or third demand. Do not let us allow j an avaricious ppirit for immediate gain to check a trade that must and will be of consequence to every person in Western Australia. Coolie labour, though cheap, has this disadvantage — these Indians will not come unless their passage back, after their tern of service is completed, be found them, and this, from the few vessels that proceed to India from this colony, amounts to a larger sum than the masters think advisable to give — and for this reason we have not had many of late ; but if we open a timber-trade with India, we should have frequent opportunities of im porting and sending away these people, and, what is of more consequence, the vessels could bring us Indian produce in return for our tim ber — an advantage we do not possess in our sandal-wood trade, which does not yield a re turn cargo, it not being a direct trade. It is sincerely to be wished that the Govern ment will not attempt to place restrictions on this trade, as they did on that of the sandal wood — that absurd measure, we are sure, will never be confirmed by the Home Government ; but even the attempt to tax the colonist's labour dispirits and discourages him from further exer tion, and tends to damp those energies which it should be the province of Government to excite and promote. The sandal-wood trade being now in full ope ration, and vessel after vessel arriving to load with this export for the Singapore market, render it incumbent on the Government, who reap a large revenue from the toll imposed on this arti cle, to facilitate as far as possible the means of its being quickly conveyed from the forest to the 6hip. One work they have undertaken, which will prove, if successful, of great assistance : we mean removing a portion of the Bar, with the view of allowing small vessels a passage into the river, and although the attempts yet made have not proved very successful, on account of the fusees not being in good order, and the preva lence of strong sea-breezes, we trust that they will still persevere in endeavouring to remove that obstacle. When we know that in England mines are sprung under water as many fathoms as we have gone feet, it is not to be doubted that a few more trials will get over the present diffi culty, and that an improved method may be found to ensure the explosion of the charge, which has not yet been done, with the exception of two that wero fired on Saturday last, by means of a fuse constructed by Mr. Welch, of Fremantie. There is, however, another natural impediment opposing the speedy transit of the wood from Guildford, to which we beg to call the attention either of Government or of the Central Board of Works — and that is the fiats on the Swan above the bridge. If the channel were deepened, or a proper canal constructed, two boat-loads could be brought down where one is now. At present the boatmen have to unload, and after passing these shallows, to carry each log separately into the boat in deeper water — a process which must lose thorn much lime. We have now the Scout and Hank lying in Gage's Roads ready for loading; three more vessels may be expected shortly — the Peri from Van Diemen's Land, the Minerva from South Austra- 1 lin. ur\\(\ nnnthor n'lirwo nama wo fnrnraf ? ami it ic of the utmost consequence that these chips should he despatched without delay. It is to be hoped that the proper authorities will instanter com mence operations to render the navigation of the river more free and unobstructed. Cotton. — Bell's Messenger , of the 2nd Aug. last, slates that Dr. Udney has had an interview with the vice president and directors of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce* to direct their attention to a project for forming a com pany to promote the cultivation of cotton on the Pacific coast of Australia, from the 30th parallel of latitude to the tropic of Capricorn. The chair man, in lhe name of his colleagues, declared they would give the subject their best consideration. The cotion plant has been reared (though to a very limited extent, and only by way of experi ment) in several |»ane of the colony, and we believe found to thrive remarkably well. Were it uui for the great want of labour, its extensive ? ?» cultivation would well descry the attention of the settlers. We shall, ftoieever, be glad to re ceive any useful infoi^ition relative to the propagation of the'plant&JHl; Coal. — In consequence of a malicious report that was circulated, staling that Dr. Von Soni mer had not discovered coal at the Murray, hut had merely brought away a specimen of the Newcastle coal from Mr. Beach man's, the Doctor intends requesting the Government to appoint a committee to proceed with him to the spot, where he will give them ocular proof of the veracity of his assertions. We think it advisable that* this course should, be adopted ; it wou'd be^atisfac tory to Government, as proving they were em* ploying a really scientific person, and not a mere charlatan, and would be but fair to Dr. Von Sommer, who, although conscious 0/ his own rectitude, feels annoyed at such a false imputation resting upon him for an instant. The following changes are to take place in the Commissariat Department : — D. A. C. G. Webb to proceed to the Sound, vice A. C.G. Neill, who goes on half-pay. D. A. C. G. Connell remains in Perth, and will perform the duties of Mr. Webb. A. C. G. Drake will give up charge on the 1st of next month to A. C. G. Darling. Since the commencement of the. colony to the present time, Mr. Drake has been with us, and although we congratulate that gentleman on his advancement in rank and improved prospects in the service, yet at the same time we cannot help regretting his personal loss from amongst us. The kindness of Mr. Drake in facilitating business, his courfeonsness to those in his department, and ' the desire he always evinced to promote every rational amusement, rendered him most popular with our small community, the greater portion of whom have had the opportunity of personal acquaintance to confirm this feeling. But a short time now will elapse before he leaves us; we can sincerely say that accounts of the welfare and prosperity of himself and his amiable family will always be gladly received by the present colo nists of Western Australia. Mr. Webb, who has always executed his duties to the satisfaction of his superior officers, will be removed to a distant part of the colony ; but we do not look upon his as a final departure, as in ail probability he will again revisit Perth. Our Raspberry-Jam Wood.— Should any of our settlers or merchants be disposed to send a venture of the raspberry-jam wood for trial to the Chinese or Singapore markets, it would be advisable not to demand too low a price at first. There can be no question that Shang-hae or some other of the Chinese ports, would be the best places to send to, and we know the' Chinese rarely exceed established market prices. If a low price be asked at first, at that price will it remain. If a small quantity were sent up, and approved of, which there is little reason to doubt, dm first quotation would rule the market, and it is therefore of consequence that it should not be fixed at a low figure. Bush Fires. — At this season of the year, we may expect the frequent recurrence of bush-fires, which have been so often a source of great injury to the property of the settlers, if not of absolute and irredeemable ruin. Fortunately for our colony, those heartburnings and dissensions be tween the employed and employer do not exist, as in the old country ; consequently a case of wilful fire-raising has never been brought under the notice of the public. The principal acts that lead to these conflagrations may be comprised under the following heads : — Natives setting the bush on fire for the purpose of procuring kanga roo and other game, carelessness of the whites and natives in leaving their bivouac-fires burning, and, lastly, from sheer thoughtless mischief 011 the part of the junior white population, who, fur the sake of a blaze, and ignorant of the conse quences, ignite the scrub, and commit thereby much damage and inflict severe loss on the agriculturist, whose dry crops or homestead may be near the scene of action. It may not be generally known — and on this account it is that we now call the attention of our readers to lhe subject — that there its an act of Council in force here forbidding any person, under a penalty not exceeding £50, to set fire wilfully or through carelessness to any grass, stubble, scrub, or any natural vegetation whatsoever, between the first day of September and the 1st of April in the .year following. If a native or boy under 16 years of age be detected in this act, the punishment awarded is a public flogging, to the amount of not more than 50 lashes. These summary punishments are not, however, a bar to any legal action which the parties aggrieved may bring against the offenders. In South Australia, this subject was, in November last, brought before the Legislative Council, by Major O'Halloran, and a bill brought in to prevent the damage that might be occa- sioned; and for the chastisement of the offenders. The bill makes it unlawful to set fire to any hay, straw, stubble, timber, grass, or other produce, in any place whereby the property of others was liable to be destroyed or injured, without first ploughing the ground at least half a chain in breadth around the area intended to be burnt, nor without giving notice in writing of the intention to burn, or in the presence of some witnesses at least 24 hours previous to such burning to the occupier of such adjoining properly, such notice to be repeated when from any cause such burning shall hot take place at the appointed time ; under penalty of not less than £5 nor more than £20. 