XiOcnl Intelligence. Things in oknn;rt— Doctor Cotlcr, formerly of Melbourne, has been delivering a scries" of lectures in Adelaide upon " vege table instinct." An air balloon was to nsccntl from H unllov. street on the '-.ilh August. Sir Charles Dcnnisqn's health is aaid to bo suffering from the inequality of the conflict in which ho it nl present engaged with the people. Imtcst arrivals from England inform us thai Mr. j)clcgnto Cuntiinghnnie is " working awav."— — 1 ho Murray nboriginics arc to be amenable to a law for prohibiting bush-fires. Bishop Porrv will not, ns nt first supposed reside in the country, but in Melbourne— when the the matter was mooted to his l<ordshtp, ho replied that ho enmo touwA- and not forest. Wo are pleased lo learn (from a private source) that air. Morgan (the " Hampden" of his Isle) has been reimbursed for his independent and able opposition to the illegal " dog tax." The Portland Sa- rings' Bank has commenced operations— several respectable deposits were made tho first (lav. The Mcllwurno Branch is paving "3J per cent, upon nil deposits.— Portland hnx been declared o free ware housing pnrt.-— Extensive coalfields exist in fnriy-twoloreliticsiti Hindustan, and in the Malacca country.— —The total amount of the Duke of Buckingham's debts are £1,750,000.— A speed of 17J miles has been attained by n sleamer built for tlic South Western Steamship Company. The elevation, or rathei additional honorary rank, bestowed on Marshal Soult, by tho rank of Marshal-General of Frarice, has given dixsnti«fnclion — tho new dignity is svnonctnoiix to the (now obsolete) constable of France. A Mr. Edward Owen Bishop. Manager of the Branch of tho Wilts and Dorset Banking Company, has Wen committed for cmWzxlemcnt. — — - Mr. Charles Barnes, of the Customs, leaves ! Plngl.vml for this port in Mxv next. The King of Boknra has put to death tho minister who induced turn to murder Col. j Simidarl and Captain Conollv. Count j dc Montcsquicux, formerly Aid-de- Canip to i Napoleon, w as found by one of his domes- j tics stabWd to tho heart with poig- nard in his bed room. Abd-el-Kaker's influence is on the increase. The Emi- 1 gration from Bremen to Texas has entirely ceased, and is now directed solely to South Australia. The V. 1). I«and press calls upon the people to petition for Sir William Dcnison's recall. Municipal institutions arc in contemplation for Hooarl Town and Wunceston. Raising tiif. Wind. — The enrps drama, tigue who hare so frequently nnd success- fullv p'nyed, in Wunccston, the Petite Comedie al " liaising the Wind," yesterday performed about the nineteenth act of the aamc play. The scene this time was laid nt the " F'tiend in hand," in I.iltlc Collins, street, in the performance of which Mr. 'Meaner played ' Victim' to James Buckley's ' Sharper,' "and with considerable effect — the house realising £120. _ llrnnett, a ship- mntc of Buckley's, belonging to the Police, exhibited peculiar tact in the manner in which a suspected person con be searched, ant) even the Argus eves of others made them un«us|uciotis that Buckley tiail those pecu liar little instrumenu about him which (>er- sons who hare tho disposition of prying into tho bed- rooms and boxot of other ant likely to hare convcnioutlv at baud. The general programme it as follows ; — Sharper (Buckler) enters the tap of the M F'riena in hand" accompanied bv two others of the same tump, and drinV at the bar— they then attempt to leave bv the back way, and mistake Victim's (Mr. Meaney's) bed-room for the hack door, on entering which their inquisitive disposition induced them to pry into a certain box, when lo! all their doubu of its content were at an end. for lving stowed away, was somewhere about £120, which, thev not having the fear of UiC lov uciuic uinr B(i|iiu(Huiini tw their own use and WnrfiL A constable named Bennct is then called in, who pre tends to search the susjieetcd ouc, but this fellow afterward turns out to lie an emissary and ship-mate of Buckler's, and after this part of the farec is over, they both depart together in good fellowship, and on their exit by the back way Buckley was seen lo throw'a bunch of keys into the next yard but at they are recovered and in the pos session or the police, they will no doubt throw a great light on the proceedings of thn actor. The next scene will be the Police Office, changed to the Supreme Court, where it is to I as hoped thst the drop scene will be lowered, eseunt omnrs to Vnn Dicmen's Land. . Too Closk tu bb Pt.ru.tNT.— A gen tleman of the name of Gannon, staring at Phillips' stores, Clarence Hirer, being alarmed by a noise outside, about 2 I'.vt. on the 24 th ultimo, rose from his bod for tbc purpose of goiug out and discovering the cause. Whilst in the act of unfastening the door, by removing a heavy wooden bar, a large snake, of the carpel species, six feet five incites, as described per measurcmout after death, fell bodily on Mr. G.'s left thouldcr, nnd then slowly spread itself along tho arm. A»i»uncc was called for, but which was however some timc in arriving, I and during the arrival of which Mr. G. | managed to keep as unnerved as possible, i at all uvcnU sufficiently so to contrive to j open tha door and get mitsidr, but during I the time of this procedure, tlic snake had j coiled itself rouud Mr. G.'s body, the tail | was around tho wrist, the IkmIv part in a double fold on the bend of the arm, and j the head over tho left shoulder, spreading . across the (rack, and crossing ovrr the right l shoulder, its neck and head up to the chin and lips, across which Mr. G. slates hc dis tinctly felt the reptile twice or lliricr pass it head. A stick could not he found, hut Mr G. after getting hold of nn nxc, con trived, sufficiently to remove the coils of tho upper portion of the reptilo so a to attack it when it wat in sucn a position as pre vented its injuring hint, aud on which if wholly uncoiled itself and made off ; hut so 1 j great was Mr. G's. trepidation incident on | his escape, that the suaku got away some i tlvfcor six vards from him : he however then sWlbed. ove'rtook, aud finally killed it. On T examining it, it was found to Ire a female, Iand on opening it two young ones were found inside its trod v. — Sydney Morning Herald. i Tur. Court ok Brjuutk.— Tlic number ' of plaints filed In the Court of Bequests, for < this term; are unprecedented. The ten i pounds Court exhibits double the number , of the preceding month, there being no len ; than 1 10 cases set down for hearing. The thirty pounds Court also exhibit a cor responding increase In the number of sum monses issued. 3 he file now contains about 40 declarations to lie tried at the , ensuing sittings- KxronT MAnRCT;-Ls;nr.TH vid. which have in n great Jt 11 termsmled the order, (n purthB r. Wish account the demand fallen off and »nlc, arc only , , re,n0rt ?V"',F,,fc Pn'nd M' lc rates; the large quantities tl„t , lB \>r Sydney for sale, but held for x . if forced into the market Jr iH'iw create a further decline. Froa nceoimt there does not nppe,r 'h for so great a depreciation market looking up for the ' in P.tiglnnd, and the harvest sen 'c luirgc failures have taken not much connected with the » i d while the manufacturers hare «' stack to make thorn fe.il the fc-i they will now only purchai V which are classed, owing to tin culty or reselling the qualities t,» adapted for their minufacta parties only purchasing frora CB.-.'! ' mouth. Nothing is doing i„ lb nre very dull, and have not rcifJ®'' advance of last year in most raws div hides unsaleable. The KrchaB1'' London still very unsettled. have stopped the Tree sun front tlic public almost taken nil t!lc for sale. Bank bills have risen Ft discount to one premium, and hill; produce from three discount t0 count, and in demand ; it j, much of tho' gold sent home fbcetEirt months unco, from being of ihceMK-te j and much woft, will net be wonhHitii lArtivnl. — Syrtnri/ Ifrnitt, t The Hoimniv nv a Fr.VAtt.-uH«ri ' customary in mat ers of this j when the case of Mary Ann -MswruteK-W j with robbery, of Edward Endcrbr.uqSKrie j in our last, was callrd on for I police nffleo vcslmhy, no I appeared, and tlic woman was I j discharged. This is only a 0 ; of nn every dav occurrence, menni iBrsU i and fitll into bad company, where thnincBa- | to lose their money, and after V parties in charge, they generallr cl j tnisc tho matter, by receiving hsu i nq IEi-tU t that of which they have been pltaiS tBha ' which means the ends of jwis I defeated. When a prosecutor a ( | ease nppcars Iteforo the Bench, hr eretiBun l»o obliged to find bail for bis anptmcttBer.. prosecute to conviction, provided ikatiiBid" ufficirnt grounds to support the Aim. Biim A WHOLE .NKtUitnOUtllloon !X —Tho inhabitants of the ncighhouti«<Ba t the Hncky Water Holes comjiisia ikt&Ki; deprivation of Mr. Trynor of his license has deprived them of lite 1 obtaining a supply of fresh neiL IWKsn assert that the refusal of the licciuc vuiBri splenetic act, caused by a pique tiiiuqBdr, between the applicant and a weslthr KttsBv in bis neighbourhood, and because exists, about thirty families are drpnrejdKst necessary food, thus verging s nrira'cqur-Bf ( rcl into a public injury, Mr. TryuorbtstKtil the only |>crson who was in the slaughtering for sale within any distance of the place. ' Summary FIjbctmcnt. - Mr. PmteHiu appeared at tho police office yettrriiT.cJBl made nn application on behalf el Christopher urccnway. praring s of ejectment against .Mr. Mi'chacl M'CtU to recover possession of certain prrej situate in EliutbctlMtreet, which vers ltd by Idm contrarr to agreement. Mr. Frv'W1 ti-r states) to the B.-in-h, that he zr.ibt tit B application under 11th Vicior.a. Xo. 5. which gwre the Msgislratcs the povtr i B- sunironrilv rjeeting any tenant holJingosa any premise, after the cspira'ion of tit temi, or who made any breach ia tii covenant, of a I erne or agrcemeaL Tu facts of the present case were these;— Oc the 20th Januarv, 184", the plaintiff agtetd B1 to let, and tho defendant to take the pit B mites in question, 'far tho full tern d B . twelve calendar months, at a ycoriv resul B of ninelv pounds, to be paid monthly — Ibt B on the 20th December he cauieo the nouw at required by the Act to be served on tit defendant, snd he now applied for a wit- rant' to obtain possession. The defendm admitted the service of the notice, hat it inurrcd to the premise alleged by Mr. ?« ter, for in a latter clause of tbc sgrtenat it is there set forth that at the end V aforesaid time, one month's notice shall ba given hy each party. To this Mr. rsjc'ct replied that an agreement of the dctcn<!» produced, evidently drawn up by sa tgro- rant man, must be taken in its eqtutaw spirit, the summary ejectment ActwM«r founded in equity, and was framed purpwe- ly, to relieve lite common law relxtirg to landlords and tenant, nnd there csn M » doubt that the intention ef the contrxru;: parties was togiveeach other a month previousto thecxplration of the term. IuumJ of after it, for if the magistrates other" W" construed the agreement, where »" client's remedy ?— he had caused the tecri- notices to lie served— Iho tenant hsd held possession, and therefore lie the warrant of ejectment. The Bench «- not agree with the learned gentleman, ssi (iisuiisscd the caw, on the gro«nc.»trt- thev considered .that no notice had tcrr dulv served, the tcirn having onlv ctpttc | on the 20th January, 1848. after which ut' I only, a good service eould lie effected- 1 » I the general opinion of the legal pracs- that the Act above recited bctng, \\- havc licfore stated, made fax the PUHT , relieving the common law a between lord and tenant, should by a toad ' Equity (which no doubt a l'oltcc Court it lie construed in the same way as tt «<" lie in n Court of Chancery, that t» to " , according to the intention of the pan" and if any eontradirlory clause liappcaw : he inserted in any deed or sgreeincnL evident iutentiun of the parties »hou<u _ token, and not the stncl letter of written document. Nuisances in tub Ytniw.— jn qucnce of the gteat oomplaints whicti a j been made relative to the nuisances were in the river Yarra. above the falK were induced to take a walk up tW b« (and there, on either side, might be dead pica, dog, and other nutotaw m , gutting slate of putridity, »"d eveu j-- animal whiclt iiac not yet armed a otage of decomposition, tnch, fr m't ' as a goat, whbli wo have observed ho« st attains under the "l'rtnco one politlou for several d\ pa»L I jlft away, and ono hick would convulsions into the Yarra, r make tho 'river' its grave; and this »« after , having Isccn imprrgnalid ' . . repulsive matter, U consumed b> «" \ „ hakdtant of Melbourne. Tho person »n Is conservator of tho rtvrr might to w u pelted to protect the community in (tartlcular, by bringnig 10 who mav bo founa thu polluting ( l ter whieh the whol of us nre oW' . drink . „ o.irtni' —In n"r I lift miWi- un;,ir.MWl that tl«« i»lH ll'c Yq. recant Ht.iplclon, was purely ,|' ,,,! denied «»w nlleS"""'". \l sclf-dcstrnctum had hecn "" ' were led l"l<) thi error by our Mho. however, willing to screen n.mht not to have ntts-lcd our \- "'oliceClurrgc Sheet, of Nr , .'Pitrirk Stapleton" u charged aMcnipU'd suicirle." . The case , one ' v u a wmo "'«1« S!r ,.ctcr Um f J wliercbv the olfence is constituted ,,ul it is to he regretted hat one hitherto borne a good character hr have rnniinitU'd lumvelf, as to endeavoured to rush into the presence iq raker with the crime of sell- murder :-s hovt- Slapleton has. for he list ' "h V been partaking too bbemHy J anions liquors, which excessive its- ' nr.' hrw pltXlUCfMl IMMinum MIHIVII'H Xn uTcscixi co»c<|ueh<x to which he iivblo namely, " to he transported. a„.,kcn great rctoorse for hii / . It is I" he regretted thnt the inor- Al-" 0f .nmulnnt has Intciy heeomc ' ,'rilcnt, f«w, witliin the last f«Mr or hvc L?i." e hs\e seen no lessthnn five eases of St, Ascription which have terminated fatally Periet'S UlDIN« "p T,lB KH IlOYS. TVrnmplaitits of 'hi' description against L vVeht and Squire or the ' marrowdmnc VfViver." bos o lately become so general, Melbourne Bench has trpcatejlly ' ! it, determination to visit the irst ' c-Joa recorded against any one of their cihei.it!. « very heavy penn ty. _ lhc taunitv was yesterday given them m the of Luke Winter, tbn yonth who so ;.:nic;0tldv refused, after being appro- Saturday. to ...form the police hhname, and which, until a laic hour on aad.v, ihovsrere unable to obtain from 1 v- i-:„., mu- of those Kuril lawyers ha think that the ignorance of his name Vd throw a protecting shield around f He wm, how cur. brought up before i. Wcthv. at the IVlice-oflicc, yesterday, ,icWd with furiously riding in Mar- XTon Saturday, the 'JoSt ull.mo. An Watson. K«q.. wlio appeared with bis l-dtjund Hp. and three or four severe ,n on his fare, deposed, that between the in of 1 and orinck, on Saturday after- or, whilst walking on the foot path in U'ct strcct, he heard a rudung sound Aind hira; he was mstantaneouslr nek on lhc shoulder, and knocked a the hark yard of the Shnkspearc hotel. J hiul it not been for the, 1 leaver hat rich he then siore, and which protected t » i . .t. ..>.1,1 liavn tw<>n itfriollilv \ Qf.Ul, !»»» x ' \ rorel ; as it was, however, he hurl his j ?,d, was ilieadfullv shook all over his j idr, and received the hruisrs which wrre | s? risilde on his fare, Being cr0Vj ! named hv the pri«'iticr. Mr. \\\ atson said j at he never heard him csl! out to quit, ( Jf did he believe lie could haw done so ! ail he was knocked down, ('.instable , laton stated that he saw tho defendant nt j T time in question, coming round the Kill of the Shakspciire Inn on liorscbaci;, ; King at such a furious rate that he railed | Khun to go more quietly, instead of doing Eiich he continued urging the hor-e with Kthrsli : he apprehended him, and from Hconicrutiou understood that he was in Hi employ of Mr. Ito-e, butcher, (ollins- Hrctt, who, alihough nnabie to furnish him Hith (hr l>oy > s inisme, liilotiucl nr.u inar had frequently raulio-ied him agaiust the nrcroiK practice of furimre riding to ' H,!rh lie understood he was addicted, j spinier, in his defence, said that the Ikiho was riding was a very restive one, and it Kd oa account of bis not being uldc to hold Ha that the accident bad hajqicticd to Mr. lUon. Mr. Wcstbv suid It wna the de- \ Haaination of the llcnch to put a stop ' thl dsngeruiis practice, which' was" ptrraleiit amongst the butchers of this; ftsn cf riding at such a d.-sperate smco ; i 1 diiKtcd that Hose, his employer, inoutd . net for. It i.c shortly afterwanls arrived, uij that in ro:isi(|ucnce of complaints ! Hb-ch had hvtn rcpi-atedly made to him of Hi desperate rate at which the defendant td to ride about the town, lie had cau- Hotd him. and Hiintcil out to him the kialty to which he made himself liable by HMrtrtrnvr in such conduct. On being Hlrl by the bench wlut sort of a horse He difrailant was riding, whether it was »'>< oi quiet f « m. Itose replies), tint a Hen gtr.t!-.- crcsiure could not exist, in ! l child ciijbt safely mount him. The Hvdi, being d, tcrminid to mark their i Vxof luch eonduct, intlicted a fine of six | Jiads, or two calendar months' imprison- j in die house of correction. Etius or IxtirvisiTv, — hleqibm of the ; Htulatire Council of this island, never J a greater mistake than when ihev V themsclvti upon " all Court" with ivnof thellritish Parliament, fancying itur ere iovestcsl with equal powers tir governance of the people hv whom H tesUslMttd. it is a ud error. No or other body, whose proceedings 'tftlslti by instructions (says the 1 ,'3 An) made by another bodv, can f ' " Thcra can be no mistake that. II, lis of indemnity, or bills »a-ia; wrong to Ho riglit, on principles «)pc.iencv. or ureal evieeneifi of the P'vd by any nouiiaeea of H , do admit any other principle, V J""" that we are all slaves. Hsprc- Hj 'v d'dv diosen by the -people, may BLj a indemnity, but eren they Hal. f to wrong' of the subject, H "owiuecs of tho Crow n. The K?,1!"'1 not above the Uw, for, if the Hv""llw' bt not an imposition on common H.-. .. I D. aris ou' of, or is founded y ",elaw, arktmwledgcd to be the law bill sudi as ts the one H,,i-'> 11 given in the Gtizetlr, can H 1 11 an outrage on thc'rigiiU of M " places the lieutenant- H. --'i c unconstitutional po»i- 4' vscry nun in this island Hi ,.',1 !!r no "vltimwledged lasv controls H( ,-iv-l ffori' ' ,',ubl It (loss Hi ' y ' ,l> "ever still obey it tirovi- h 'Ac CrtMCn H "'"'/indcmisiVy/br/Aa Crown t H 1 U.l" ' " "Mia/y tJnctioiiirtl Hu., Hobarl Town ttri id»v>maA.V,>''S0 — Application was H< hi.5 . -v 8 nun< wlw> refused to H ne' 10 'h summoning otBcer of Htob-Li '"foniied if auy inquest tl tm ,i,. s."r n) ''eid female nvl liecn v Z, "" '!>« day , he objected to H t . or give any reasons for Burl v,'. 1 .mfri''y «>d that a young KT '.nL5lin 1»om he tuipecten Bp kv-.i . '''"wiud licricir. Tho matter i»a ». 1 "Pld in mystery— either Bi V uiniJt""1 »,KS,"8 tlle police, or he H- sdhM40"" Wrf a serious base not jet transjdM. STIIXKY PmZE ltlNO,— The long talked of match between Spnrkcs nnd the " Snilor Hoy" was decided on the 25th ultimo. Notwithstanding tho unfavourable state of the weather, the rain continuing to fall henvily and incessantly during the whole of the morning, accompanied by heavy peals of thunder, two. thousand prrsons were I computed to have been collected on the I ground. 'Hie usual favourite spot nt Mid dle Harbour, having been pitched upon a the scene of action, quite rumored from any casual visitors, and scarcely accessible by any land approach, the harbour was crowded at an early hour with craft of all kinds, plying their ours and spreading their sails to the fair wind .which carried them to their destination. I'our stunners crowded with passengers followed in a more leisurely and digniflcd manner. Hie light was of short ilumtinns Sphrkcs won in about eipvni iminiicr iiiiimit i% iviuaii, inn adversary showed plenty of gninc, but in jured bis hand early in one of the first rounds, so as not to leave him n chance. Since the above wa in type, we have been banded the following summary liya spectator : past .1 o'clock. I have just returned, ' this moment, from witnessing tho Oght between the Sailor lloy and the younger Sparks, llawn saw au immense coucoiimo of people, em bracing, of course, oil thn lighting men of Sydney. Amongst ' whom were llongh, Kilt Davis, Hungarratica Jack, and ilrown, and all the fancy. Two steamers were engaged for the occasion — yet, notwith standing a heavy down-pour of rain, one wm in constant dread or the vessels swamp ing. such wm the fearful throng which crowded both steamers, even to tho paddle- boxes. Away rre went at about seven o'clock, and reached the orena, Middle Hnr- bour, at half-past eight o'clock, just as thov were furmine the ring. '11 10 rones seemed slack, as some said on account of tho Sailor Hoy's reputed strength, so that Sparks should slip under them easily, sml escape any heavy falling ! The seconds of each party agreed to defer the encounter till 10 o clock, in hopes the ! weather might take a favorable turn, but as J the downright continuous pour promised to 1 last, the men, accompanied by their resprct- J ivo lackers, walked ititu tin? ring, amidst I loud acclamations. The (letting was 0 to j t against the Sailor lloy. Sjiarks' reputa tion for extreme quickness and activity making him the favorite ; indeed, 11 short : time before they met, several bets were j freelv given, and in some places taken, that j SpsrVi would srin the kittle in hnlf-mtrhour I .(til a frail/ IkiiisLoil llin KaSIaP I A tll tit nu the event. The men entered the ring coolly and in a business-like manner — the Native with lib tike-like head looking hard and wirv— while the Kuropean sprung over the ropes with an easy, self-satisfied and confident smile. Upon peeling, how ever, Sparks shewed prodigious muscle and tip-top condition— appearing bv far (con trary to rcjiort and expectation) the larger j and more powerful of the two, while the 1 : Sailor Hoy", though exhibiting considerable j I less muscular development and a well knit | frame, stripjicd very prettily, but 1 think ' much too fmc. Sparks is reported to have \- fought some seven pounds under weight, which I murh doubt, a he apixmrod far the hc.iv if r and stronger mau. ileing a , reputed hard hitter, ami in-fnjhUr, Spark wa expected to make warn cioc 1 in this, however, most were disap pointed. The men cautiously, but steadily approached, evidently entertaining a whole some opinion of each other' prowra. The t native gave the first invitation with hi left, ! brushing the Sailor lloy slightly on the ; cheek, napping it with a sharp counter oil 1 the mug, which brought him to his knees i 1 Sparks quickly sprung to- bis pin, and , losing temper, a regular tnallclliug match ensued, hilling out right and left. _ Hie j Sailor IIo.v closed, nnd the other slipping , 1 behind his back, fell uppermost, but lightly, 1 the first blood and knock-down-blow being I \- declared the Sailor Hoy'. 2nd round. — j \ In fighting (after the first blow) being the order of the day, pell mcll hothwvnt atit,! not the smallest particle of science being . ; displayed on either side— nothing like an | attempt nt a iV>p or counter hit — fair | downright delving, and nothing t be, ; ; although again closing, Sparks had the fall. 1 J 3 (il round.— After the pause of a few se- I condf, the tailor snowing somcwnai 01 a pictoral facial development about the right eve and nose especially j appeared rickety ; his action open and wide, his armt dca- cribing a variety of unimportant hiero- pivphirs tit 1111M11 ; another rush look place, ! Sparks evidently anxious for that close j ' contact which vas considered the sailor's | forte, and proved himself a sharp hard hit ter, lifting lii opponent from the turf with a rap in the mouth which laid him upon hi I back, and made bis heel describe a right angle with his carcase. After thi heat odds were oftcred, no takers, 10 to 2 against the sailor; the other had it plainly all his own way, ev»ry blow being stopped bf hi opponent' bead and (ace, which syai rapidly j becoming like all tho hues of a kaliedcscopc ; here w» ni iv say the light was won. The sailor all "at sen," out of temper wid wind, hitting very wide and weak, while Sparks ls«nim»rMt nf tmi. oIlTflll f tl IT 1 down quietly. Fourth round. — Sailor sulky and 'vicious, getting a second rdiltnn from hit opponent, who hardly she nl a scratch ; l«>tn down, Sparks up permost. 3th round. — Tim Sailor Hoy, somewhat exhausted and bothered ; hut both went at it, hammer and loop ; the i Sailor Hoy uppermost — winded by the c!fort, and Sparks down easy. 0th round. —Ditto, the Sailor Hoy napping it fearfully, pushed to the lopes, and though eventually falling 'on Sparks, was declared beaten by bit second— his wrist having given in the ! 3rd round. Such a miserable display of j anything like " science" few remembered to j have seen— 'twas absolutely disgusting.. The object seemed to bo who could hit luirdcsl, and stand the most in the shortest time,- for from tho first blow given till the conclusion of the affair, 12 minutes em braced tho whole. As to any thing like distress, it cannot have occurred, a» the Sailor Ibv left the ring apparently quite fresh, much to the dissatisfaction of many. Tiir Ahf»nr 1>Vn#hiritiv — TIm month of October, t H IT, is ncarat hand, the period named by Captain Sir John Franklin when intelligence might be ex|ieeted relative to the officer and crow of lite Urtbut and Terror steam screw-pro poller vessels em ployed in the Arctic expedition, and captains of vessels may now exprct to meet with some of the hermetically scaled tin tubes, containing accounts of the vessel, written In six different languages, whieh were to lie thrown overboard at certain periods, in the ho|>c that some of them might lie picked up hv vessels navigating tho North Sea. — Crn'frJ n'.v dowtlf, SepVtnlwT 23. Instaixation ok the Hishop ok Sydney. — The ceremony of the installation of the Itight ltcvercnd Dr. Hroughtun ns Hishop of the Metropolitan See of Sydney, will take place ill St. Andrew's Cathedral, on \VednusdnY next, when morning prnvcr will commence nt ten o'clock. — Si/ilnri/ IfeniM, January 2i. 