VICTORIA. In our yesterday's publication we recorded the progress of the anti- transportation movement in Melbourne, and the cordial reception given to the Tasmanian delegates. Tn the. Ramp, crmnp/xinn it may be interesting to know, that it has been pro posed to ship to England a cargo of the greatest vagabonds that could be found in Van Diemen's Land. This, it was believed, would bring the matter to a decisive issue at once, just as Earl's election released the province from Sydney bondage. In another column will be found an account of the bush-fires which have raged so fiercely, and made such havoc in the districts of Melbourne, Geelong, and Portland. The quantity of corn destroyed by these conflagrations is very considerable, so much so, that the flour brought by the Punch from Adelaide sold at £15 per ton, and nothing under that figure could afterwards be had. A public meeting for the purpose of devising measures for the relief of the sufferers by the late disastrous conflagrations was held at Mack's Hotel, Geelong, the Worshipful the Mayor in the Chair. It was stated that, independently of the losses from the destruction of houses, stock, &c;, not fewer than 50,000 bushels of grain and 700 tons of hay were consumed by this all-devouring element. The muni ficent sum of £1,123 13s. was raised at the meeting. The Right Rev. Dr. Goold, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, announced at a meeting of the Geelong Catholic Association, lately, that it was his intention to proceed to Europe immediately after the arrival of the Rev. Dr. Geoghogan, for the purpose of bringing out some more clergymen and Sisters of Charity. A subscription was about being raised on behalf of the Irish exiles in Van Diemen's Land. The Raven would be the first vessel to sail under the banner of the Australasian League ; the Com mander, Captain Bell, having been presented by his agent, W. B. Hatch,. Esq., with a very handsome flair, bearing the insignia of the League Banner. Mr. Beasley, late of the firm of Messrs. Thorogood and Co., London, had arrived in Melbourne with the intention of proceeding forthwith to this city, where he purposes commencing a type- founding establish ment on an extensive scale. His preference for Adelaide is solely regulated by the circumstance of the metallic facilities afforded here. 