BUSH FIRES—THEIR CAUSES AND THEIR EFFECTS. It was lately our painful duty to record the devas tations occasioned by the bush fires in the Port Phillip district, including not only the destruction of a large amount of agricultural produce, but even of animal and human life. That this colony has not been similarly visited, we have rather, perhaps, to thank our good fortune than our deserts. No one who witnesses the reckless manner in which our fanners have transplanted certain British habits which offer in our arid climate peculiar facilities for conflagra tion, can fail to perceive that our present exemption from a disaster such as that which has befallen Port Phillip, is not to be traced to any superior prudence on our part ; and that if the same careless system be persevered in, sooner or later, it will result in a wide-spread ruin, amounting to national calamity. It is perhaps useless to vent our indig nation on those unreflecting people, whose incon siderate acts are the occasion of such deplorable disaster as that recently chronicled. The winds will carry sparks into the dry grass from a cigar or pipe, and bush fires will probably be of annnal occurrence for years to come. Indeed, we are not sure but that over and above these more obvious cases of bush fires, another exists against which no vigilance on our part can secure us. We believe that in certain states of the atmosphere, and when everything has been rendered highly combustible, the mere agitation of the wind is sufficient to ignite the sapless branches, and generate a fire which speedily becomes irresistible. In our colony a more frequent cause than either of these mentioned is the carelessness of bullockdrivers in not extinguishing their camp fires ; an event which nothing but deter mined prosecution and vigorous fines will check ; since these rash men hazard by their wanton negligence not only the prosperity of others, but the essential interests of themselves and all their fellow-carriers. If we cannot absolutely prevent the rise and spread of such conflagrations, we can at least adopt measures which will tend to mitigate their destructive effects ; and proportionately with the agricultural develop ment of the colony this becomes of paramount im portance, if we would not see the staff of life suddenly raised to a famine price, and the whole, or a large section of the agricultural interest, which is the basis of all others, suddenly depressed — reduced from comparative affluence . to actual beggary. This is a matter which concerns every soul in the com munity — one that comes home to every household. It has a still wider application ; for if flour in the adjacent colonies had risen as an immediate con sequence of the bush fires in Port Phillip, plainly, all these colonies are mutually interested in pre venting a repetition of such calamities. We do not deny that the farmers of South Australia will be benefited by the destruction of grain that has oc curred in the Port* Phillip district, just as the farmers of that locality would be benefited had such a calamity befallen South Australia ; but the tem porary advancement of a sectional interest in one colony by the disaster of another does not at all militate with the principle that these colonies have a common interest in preventing such visitations. We have alluded to, without specifying, certain British habits imported, by our farmers as pecu liarly favourable to the rise and spread of con flagrations. However it may be in keeping with our old associations to gaze with pleasure on a farm-house, surrounded with the teeming products of the harvest^ we must recollect that we are ra tional beings, and adapt our habits to our circum stances accordingly. We ought to carry out on a larger scale than has ever hitherto been done the practice not merely of isolating the farm produce from the homestead, but of isolating both, from the sur rounding country. Not only should the farm pro duce, thus detached from the homestead, be sur rounded by at least two broad belts of bare land, regularly cut up by the plough, and all stubble be burned in the proper season, but the homestead itself should be dealt with after a similar manner. By this means a double security would be gained. If fire originated in the homestead, the farm produce might be preserved; on the other hand, did fire approach from the bush, both might be secured. Duty requires of us that we should seek to avoid future calamities, but if that be impossible, we should essay to mitigate their consequences ; and the means suggested appear to us not only feasible, but. the only feasible ones in the peculiar circum stances of these colonies. Beyond this, some stringent regulations should be. adopted by the two great carrying Companies, to repress the custom of men in their employ leaving their camp fires unextinguished. It must be remembered that their own interests are involved in the matter: From our extensive bush-fires, which we- have known to range over a tract of country from 40 to 70 miles long, result extensive losses to the grazier and equal inconvenience to the carrier The cause of these, as we have said, is chiefly the imprudence of the men themselves, and no remedy suggests itself to our minds so effectual as offering a reward for the discovery of any persons who have originated such destruction, and their consequent dismissal from future employment. We may be assured, however, that we have as yet only sus pected the disasters, which, without precaution in future years, will bring terror to our homes and ruin to our hopes. 