VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. "TRE CtsT.?us BILL.-After a lorn a?n ani- I mated .lis.arsioa the Bill for the better re-lda tion of the Customs was yestenlrv read a third time and passed. The royal assent, as a measure of necessity, was at once given, in the usual way, and the biil is now the law.' It is a vary diff? rent meaure from that oriiinally proposed by the government, the tariff being now rninSn.l to a few nee?--aries of life, in-:es-l of incin.,inz the laxnuriee of rhb richb,n.l :dtIhr?gh there is no doul t it awi fa'l heavry n: the sn:telirng agri calturist Sand the h rn!orkina lhuiorer, they mtaSt not complain as the duties will be easier callecte l "-Adrrtier. GoVERNons DPEst- os, AND Li TRano.-It seems that Lienterant-Gareruor Denison has written a dispatch to Lieutenant Governor La TroLe, hoping that the latter functionary will not entertain the application for government emp!ov in the province of Victoria, of any one who has entdacoared to embarrasa the govern metit of Vtan Diemet's Land by h.i politiral condwut and writings. From thlis it appears that the verlea' ce of our colonial autoerat pursues his victitms even to other shores.--Tas manan C,!oltnit. About 140 of the pensioners have left Hobart Town for Melbourne, and more are about to fol- low. Thus has signally failed one of Earl Grey's famous schemes for the ' regeneration' of Van Diemen's Land. In order to keep a powerful force in Ireland fir the purpose of coercion, the Minister of Sate for the colonies sent out pen- sioners to Van Diemen's Land in charge of con- vict ships, instead of the usual guards drafted from regiments of the line. The pensioners were to receive grants of land on their arrival here, but burdened with the proviso that such grants could not be sold without the consent of the local government. They are therefore compa- ratively worthless. The pensioners were tied down to remain in this colony by another proviso that if they left Van Diemen's Land for any other colony, they were liable to the forfeiture of their pensions. The gold discoveries in the adjacent colonies have, however, broke this rule. It seems that the pensioners are to receive so 2s 6d per day and rations, in the service of the Victo- ria Government, in addition to their pensions We make no comment on this extensive emigra- tion of' old soldiers, farther than to observe that men who have served their country faithfully de- serve to be more liberally treated. 3IAsJ-s Dortlo.---v recent bftters received frmn, Englanl via Port Phillip, it appears that Mlj r Do)rugtls lhast een reinstatol in his former oflice in the Ordnance Department in Van Die men's Land, without the lightest stain on his honour as en oftiler anI Untlemnan. Dhajor Doug.las may be expected here by the first ship frn? England. EXTENSIVE BUSH FIRES,--The bush-fires of Tlursday week were attended with very disas- trous effects in the Huon district, The huts of Mr John Watson, at Long Bay, containing car penter's tools and block timber, were burnt; at the Buoys, the house and property of Mr Drury were destroyed, loss unknown ; also the huts andl goods of Samuel Crisp, Charle Harwood,, Tirunit, John Firth, Nibbs- John Frith also lost 7 tons of hay. At Flower Pat Bay, two huts and goods,, I ton of hay, and 5 tons potatoes, the property. of a person named McCulloch,, were lost; and a Robert Knght's 30,000 feet gum planting. The barn, potatoes, and hay belonging to Mr Latham, at Frankiin, £25 of wheat and £5 pota- toes helongiing to Mr. \Vorsley at North-west Bay, were also destroyed, and the fencing of Mr Bushell.. At Brown's Riiver, -Mr, Jarman's fencing was burnt, down, and crop of potatoes destroyed. At Peppermint Bay, a quantity of timber and six huts, the property of Mr. Miles were lost, and the saws, clothes, and bedding, provisions of William Pittaway of Peppermint Bay, value £20 were lost, and himself and wife very much hurt. Their faces were burnt In a most dreadful manner - from the hand to the elbows presented an appearance resembhling a burnt stick-their faces were completely charred. They would have been burnt to death but for the efforts of a ticket-of-leave man named Hull, who wrapping himself in wet blankets, rushed into the burning hut and successively carried out Pittaway and his wife from the flames. They are now lying in a deplorable condition in Mr. lDavy's home at Peppermint Bay, who with his wife, have shown the unfortunate people the greatest kindness. A subscriptton has been set on foot in the Huon district for their relief. The Rer. Mr. Freeman, Mrs Freeman, and other charitable persons at Brown's River, have sent wearing apparel, tea, sugar, &e.;, for them. The house and crops of C. Harrison, Esq., at Brown's River, were saled owing to the exertions of Mr. District Constable Beresford, a constable and two of Mr. Jackson's men. The losses sus- tained by the persons enumerated, as far as known, extend from £3. to £30, and upwards. In many instances, no information can be gleaned as to the valne.- -Courier. 