LOCAL INTELL1GENC E. The "Harpley."—We regret to leam by our London papers that the above named vessel,the property of James Raven, Esq., built by Mr. Watson, on the Tamnr, in 1847, has been condemned by Lloyd's surveyors, who certified that her beams yere quite rotten. We shoold state that the Harvtey «-ae built from tbe swamp gum, whilst for those built in Hobart Town none but blue gam is used, which is pronounced as fine timber as any in the world for ship building. This vessd cost about £14,000. and her owners have been truly unfortunate with her, for on her first visit to England she nearly foundered, and a great portion of her cargo was worthless. On account of tlie dissatisfaction created at tile unhappy discovery, at Home, of the rottenness ef theawamp gnm in die Harp : ley, it is tile intention of the Hobart Tom merchants to Bend to .England one of the oldest coloninliy ImiitcChips of Van Diemen's Land blue gum, which ia the description of timber invariably used, to be there broken up, for the purpose of demonstrating the durability of the materials, especially the wood- work, which is universally ndinittpd lo be equal in durability, and for mercantile ship building purpose's, has the preference to any in the world. An Old Offender.—By tfie jfbotlkir, nnescaped convict named Reeves, of notorious bad character (pr bolting and committing-oiiirages, jink been returned 'from Home with"a fresh sentence. For general misbehaviour; .ibreatening hiu. officers,and assaulriughis fellow-prisoners, he was pthced in irons on board tup vessel, and will probably he considered entitled to a prolonged stay ot 1'ort Arthur, for change ofmanncrs. IIousEBHEAKr.VG.—An American has been apprehended, charged with having committed the above offence, in the Sailors' Delight, on tlie 24th instant. Several boxes were broken open, and various articles of wearing apparel have been plundered. Desertioh.—The active operaiions of the police in capturing absconders from vessels in harbour, whose sentences ha\e been necessarily severe, lias had the desired effect of putting a stop to the practice. BOLTED FROM THE HOSPITAL. — John Casller, a Sydney convict, chargeA with larceny, on board the Rattler aftet having shipped as boatswain, has effected his escape from the Colonial Hospital, by tying Uis slieets together and lowering Himself from an upper room, about 20 feet high, at 12 o'clock at night, the 23rd inst. The constable pieced on duly over hint was asleep at !ne time. The prisoner is a most notorious character. Found.—A horse, and cart reportcd by Mr. T. G. Gregspn to have been missing, was found at (he Riving Sun in Bathurst-street s they -were left there by the driver, a free man, who -went on a drinking excursion. Stolen.—A small whale boat dingy, valued at £5, has been stolen from New Town Bay, the property of Mr.Geo. Forsler. DEPHAVITYOFAGoLD-riNDEB. Mrs. Forcnwn sought the protection of the police from the ill-usage of her husband, a successful gold-digger, who had with a change of fortune, taken another " fairlady, and chased away his wife from the house with dangerous threats. The husband in defence pleaded ibe faithlessness of his spouse; whereupon the Bench ordered him to furnish himself £50 surety, and two others of £25- each, to keep the peace for 12 months. Ill-using the Police.—Two prisoners of the Crown named Moriarty and Grady,- were convictcd, on Monday last, for creating a serious disturbance on the public streets-on the previous Saturday, and assaulting constables Vicfcers anil Alatthews; the assailants were sentenced to nine months' hard labour eacli. A Rather Hard Case-—On the night of the 22nd instant, at a little after 10 o'clock, Mrs. Weir, a respectable Ticket- of-Leave holder, whose husband is at the diggins, was taken into custody, very near her residence, for being out after hours, and then representing herself to be free. She was sentenced to two months' hard labour in the Female House of Correction. It is to be hoped, that, taking into consideration her general good character, and being left her in charge of her husband's lodging house, called the " Nile Terrace," with property,— His Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor will be pleased to remit the sentence—the punishment already endured will, no doubt, have the effect of preventing a recurrence of the offence on her part. The " PatNCE of Denmark " —This Colonial whaler is now left crewless, as the fast of them debarked on Monday night, in the absence of all the officers, and abandoned their whale boat at the Wharf; their whereabouts has been pretty corrcctly ascertained since; apprehension and punishment win speedily follow. DREADFUL MBHDER A.VD CAP- TUBE of THE SUPPOSED MURDERER.—A murdc-r almost unparalleled for daring and e coldblooded atrocity occurted atGcelong on Friday night. About half past 11 o'clock the liarman at (lie Royal Hail Hold, Cor street, heard a faint cry of murder and lookingout of the window he saw four men roUiiuj; a fifth. He immediately opened the window and the men made off. He procured assistance and went intothe street. I'liere i Hey found the body of nil old man lying with his face downwards, tiie blood oozing from liis nose and mouth. He was quite dead. There was a wound oil the right t;mp!e, hut the cause of death wa» discovered to be apoplexy, brought on by strangulation. The body was indentified to be that ofCharles McKennc, a shepherd lately in the employ of Mr Ferris. An inquest was held the next day. and a vcrdict of wilful murder was relunied. At a lale iiour yesterday, a man nailed Henry lips was brought to the station "house, Swanston street, by Serjeant Grant of the Geeloug police, who apprehended hi town on suspicion of being one of the murderers. \Ve do not feel at liberty tit state any further pariiculars connectcdwith tiie prisoner, who will be brought before tlie Mayor this morning, and probably remanded to Geelung- He is well known to the police, and has been frequently in custodv on various charges of felony.— JP. P. Herald, March 1 Cih. MR. TOWNS' BENEFIT.—On reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that Mr. E. Towns takes his Benefit, at the Albert Theatre,an Monday evening next. The pieces selected are, the tragedy of "The Revenge;" to be followed by an interlude, consisting of Singing and Dancing; to conclude with the musical farce of " The Two Gregories." Mr. Towns has been performing in Hobart Town for the last eight years, and we hope he will have a "bumper" house, as he is invariably "up" in his part, and discharges the duties allotted to him with talent. Steam Communication.—A Meeting was recently held, bv the merchants in Victoria, to raise £50,000 by 2900 shares of each, to establish a steam communication between that place and the ports of Sydney, Adelaide, hod Van Dicmcn's Land. This scheme was proposed by ns some time ago, which haB been copied in the journals of theadjoming Colonies, and no doubt partly tended to produce this favourable result. FIKE : AT THE •''Half-WAY HOOSE."—We regret to learn that the old established Inn, kept by Mr. Denis Bacon, was totally consumed by fire on Monday morning last, and it was with difficulty the out-buildings, stacks of hay, &c.;, coaid be saved. The fire is supposed to have originated inconsequence ofthenegiigence of a servant man, employed in the bakehouse. Mr. Bacon is a most deserving man, and we regret his loss the more,, as we know he could ill afford it. A Fortunate PASTI' of Gold DIGGER^.—About a fomigbt since Mr. Nokes, Store-keeper of Friar's Creek, Mount Alexander, fitted out a party of four men, on the usual terms of division: and when they had been nt work only ten day* they divided their proceeds—amounting to 140 oa. cach .-Af. M. Hera TUB CATHOLIC SIIRCNI! Tiosnox.—Mr. Swift, one of the Sherifl's o( the city of London, has, offence to llic bigotted portion oi English prcsB, for attending the Cutlfblic Church at Greenwich in his stale carriage. But Mr. Swift justly snys,"\Yhy should you exclude me from office merely on account of my religion? What has my reli'gion to do with the public service ? If you admit me to office you admit my faith.'' \Ve nrc glad to perceive the more sensible nnd liberal portion of the press fully justify filr. Swift in attending his place of worship in state. MOST BOISTEROUS WEATBER. —From the evening of Wednesday, and the greatest part of the following day, it blew a perfect hurricane, with a light intermediate shower of rain, which scarcely helped toallay the storms ofdust, liot-winds, nd warm temperature that prevailed. The extensive and spontaneous bush-fires, notfar distant from'loun, must have partly occasioned the continuance of the hotwinds. In short, it was most disagreeably unwholesome weatherwhich has, however, since assumed its usually mild summer form. BYE ROADS' BILJ,.— tlie 57th. clause, which defined the lanL snd householders to mean free persons, Mr. Glcadow proposed the omission of that word; The Attorney-General wished to know if honorable Mcjmbcrs were aware what effect the expungiris of the word/ree «i»uld liavc? *lc..94e*atow*WJHtiose on . -t'," sJA^1^ HouseiineV pcrfectly-welL what they were diiing.* That they were willing to avoid all .tistinctions in the community, as far as practicable. If, among l lie occupiers of lards and houses to whom i his net would apply, there arc a few indiidiials who have not become free, but are holding the indulgence of a Ticket-of- Leave, he thought tliey might be admitted to the right of voting; as such persons would generally be found to be old servants of settlers, who, in some measure, had been rewarded by their masters for good conduct ; which circumstance alone would be a guarantee for their continuing in good behaviour: and for this reason they should be placed on an equality with other parties. In moving that the word should be struck out, the honorable Member said he felt satisfied that he was only carrying out the wishes of n large majority of that Council, and of the inhabitants of the Colony. (Hear, hear.) The Attorney-General said he had not the slightest objection. The hon. Member for Lauuceslon, in supporting the measure, said—he hoped the time is not far distant when all class distinctions may be blotted out of the Colonial Statute-books; with .the discontinuance of transportation, such disadvantages must shortly end, (Hear, hear.) He knew of tenant farmers ' only holding Tickets-of-Leave, who, as a reward for their services, had been placed in that position by their masters, in common with free and conditionally-pardoned men. If the distinction were permitted to exist, it would only serve to remind tliem of the difference between them and their neighbours ; and thus heart-burnings would be engendered which it was highly desirable to obliterate. The alteration was made with Uie unanimous consent of the Council, » ho have, one and all, afforded undeniable proofs now, as well as on former occasions, of their anxiety to cancel all class distinctions,—which the continuance of transportation alone renders necessary. Let us hope shortly to realize that wish so emphatically expressed by the hon. Member for Launceston—"lliat all class distinctions may be blotted out of the Colonial Statute-books!" • SHEEP STEALING. —A most singular proceeding tins recently been instituted at the instance of Mr. Lawrence, before tlie Police Magistrate at O'Brien's Bridge, against certain parlies who had effected a fair and open purchase of a number of sheep from nis agent or partner in that locality. Some disadvantageous circumstances had, no doubt, attended the disposal of the sheep, which gave rise to the prosecution of four reaper table settlers, who have been committed for trial, after a lengthened enquiry; at which, Messrs. Macdowell and Perry were for the complainant, and Messrs. Knight end Wynne for the defendants. We have every reason for asserting that the citarge is both groundless and vexatious. In such a case us this, it is to be hoped, that the afterremedy will lie as salutary HS satisfastory. One of the parties charged, a Mr. Smiih of Bruni Island, lias since obtained bail. A DANGEROUS SIGNAL.—The Aboukir, ill coining up the liver, fired a signal fuMlie pilot; thepiecc lalt stage ofordnancc decay, mast have last stage of 1 decay, lr when it burstwu^iie common charge of powder alone, and did great injury to the ship's side, carrying away her bulwark. It does appear wonderful, tliat crowded as i>he was with human lives, no injury was sustained by any one on board. INSOLVENT COUHT. — ON the 25lh instant the Insolvency of R. S. and V>*m. Waterhousc came on for the second hearing, before the Commissioner. Debts to the amount of £53fH 1/s. were proved ; with a set-off of £315 13s.5d.. Mr. Perrywas the counsel engaged for the creditors, nnd Mr. Nutt for the insolvents. Thursday, the 8lh April nest, was fixed upon for the final hearing and discharge of the Insolvents. COACH ACCIDENTS.—Accidents Jiave been, of late, of frequent occurrence: and, indeed, not more so than might have been expected from the callous disregard displayed for life and limb. One of the wheels of Page's Coach came off near New Town yesterday morning, which caused more or less injury to all the passengers, one of whom sustained dangerous fractures and bruises, by being, thrown off with violence from the shock; he was brought to Town in a eabformedipalaid.—On Saturday evening last, aB the Richmond coach was proceeding eui down the Grass Tree Hill, an accidcnt occurred, but providentially no serious injury was done to the passengers, but they had a very narrow escape. It is quite time that the Police authorities interfered, to prevent such fearful accidents from sheer neglect and furious driving. SCARCITY OF LABOUR.—We understand that there are now in the Comptroller-General's office applications for upwards of/our hundred (arm labourers,. BS well as a like number of tradesmen-, cooks, gardeners, &c;„ although it was announced in the Government -Gazette of Tuesday last, that no further applications could be received for employing men that came by the Aioutir, as they were promised to applicants who were unsuccessful in getting men by former vessels. It is our firm belief,.that if two thousand men were to arrive in our harbour to-morrow, they would all be employed within twentyfour hours. AGE DUES' BILL —IN the on the Tonnage Dues' bill—to His Excellency has refused tl:e Lssertt, for reasons stBted in the pro- '"guinj* address, — the learned SolicitoriGeneral remarked that the lion. Member UorHobart Town had referred to the Re- \>ort of the Select Committee with regard to this measure as its ground work. That the whole proceeding of trying to pass the bill boFe the marks of indecent haste. The recommendation of the Committee was not attended to in material points, as refers to the increasing of the Light Dues. It is proposed to take off eleven-twelfths of tlie Revenue arising from the Tonnage Dues, without (he counteracting addition to the Lights, which was deemed by the Committee in cfoie connection with the Tonnage. Tlie Hon. Member had offered no excuse or justification, except that it might suit Die purpose of certain interests in this Colony to cany out a part of the recommendation of the Committee, and not the whole. Let the public look at the manner in which this Kill was brought forward,—the Standing Orders were suspended to introduce it without notice, —proposed to be read a second time without being printed—and now it is sought to 1 pass it into law. With what grace do such unparalleled hasty proceedings emanate from hon. Members who had on former occasions wished and insisted upon delay after delay —that themselves and the public out of doors might have time for weighing the matter in their minds P The Bill appeared to him to be most objectionable ; wholly contrary tofhespiritof the •act, and the policy of the Government. If passed even by His Excellency , the Governor he.was sure it wouhl not receive the Royal assent—as the measure was introduced to serve a certain interest. That they had had enough of interested legislation already, and it was time to put a stop to it. That the Lieutenant-Governor would not be justified in assenting to the Bill, which ought to be reserved for the consideration of the Home Government. VICTORIA GOLD FIELDS.—By dividing the gross amount of gold found in a week, on the latest dates, we find the satisfactory result of 30s. to each man's share; which in ilselfis not a bad rate of wages—but the few on whom dame fortune smiles get the bulk, leaving the mass disappointed and penniless. NEW TOWN CONSTABLES.—In consequence of the irregularities recently exposed, they have all been either removed or dismissed. A NOVEL RESULT.—Mr. Clay of Melbourne appeared in Court yester'day, when Hollis, Dance, and a female were placed in tlie bar. Mr. Clay acquitted Hollis of every suspicion of robbing him of the watch and chains, and although lie had signed the charge-sheet accusing him of the felony and assault —he excused himself for so doing on the plea of being in an unfit state of niind to do so from previous drinking. Mr. Brewer, who defended the parties,ar ,ued on these grounds that they should be discharged as prosecutor wished to withdraw ihe charge—as lie had made subsequent enquiries which lead him to conclude that Hollis had no intention whatever to rob him—(hat lie had taken the watch for its safe keepinK, as admitted by prosecutor, and that wil-' ncsses on behalf of prisoners were present to prove Hollis'a intentions as to that fact. Case dismissed, 