WEST TORRENS DISTRICT COUNCIL. At a meeting of this Council, held 5th January present, Messrs. Beare, Dew, Hunt, and Davis— Mr. A. H. Davis was unanimously elected Chairman for the ensuing year. The Chairman reported that he had made appli- cation to the Government for the amount promised to be added to the rate made. The Clerk reported that rates to the amount of £203 4s. were collected. District of Clarendon.—The election of District Councillors for this district on Monday last resulted in the election of Messrs. John Whyte and John Botrill. Mr. Charles Chandler, of Chandler's . Hill, succeeds Mr. B. Booth, who was disqualified, not being a ratepayer in the district. Mr. J. J. Horner, of Coromandel, and Mr. John Hart, of Claren- don, were appointed auditors for the present year. District of Morphett Vale.—At a meet- ing of the new District Council, on Wednesday, Mr. Worthington was elected Chairman for the present year. Mount Barker District.—A Clare cor- respondent writes as follows:—"On Monday last, the 2nd instant, a meeting of the ratepayers in the Mount Barker District was held at the Crown Hotel, at Mount Barker, for the purpose of electing three new Councillors, when the three retiring Councillors were re- eleeted. We regret, however, that the elec tion is invalidated in consequence of the illegal recep tion by the Chairman of the votes of persons who had not paid their rates in direct contravention of the 5th section of the District Councils Act. We under stand that Mr. Lachlan Macfarlane wishes to be relieved from the duties of the Couneil, and denies his liability to the penalty prescribed by the 9th section tor refusing to act, inasmuch as, not having paid his rate, he cannot be considered a ratepayer, which is the qualification (vide sec. 2), and the only one, for a Councillor. It is likely, therefore, that there will be a new election." Annual Show.—The next annnal show of the Mount Barker Agricultural and Horticutural So ciety is to be held at Woodside. Bush-Fire at Maclaren Vale.—A fire broke out on Thursday, the 29th ult., within a mile of* Maclaren Vale (southward), which destroyed about 30 acres of grass and a line of bush-fence,. [ belonging to Mrs. Browning. It was thought some ! children caused the fire, as it was first observed at a considerable distance from any dwelling. Were it not for the prompt and unanimous exertions of the neighbours very serious and extensive damage would have been sustained in that thriving locality. Rational Amusements.—The. complaints of many persons that Adelaide possesses no places of public amusement to which the citizens may resort after the turmoil of the day's labour, is likely to be speedily removed. The Nelson Family are shortly expected to revisit Adelaide., The Choral Society has again commenced its weekly rehearsals, preparatory to the usual concerts. A gentleman -named Rivers, who has: recently arrived from Eng land, intends giving . lectures on electro- biology. Another visitor, named .Hall, is prepared with proper apparatus to exhibit a series of dissolyin{j,yiesvsj ^ 