OUti RURAL INNS. Pcblicans' Licenses are granted for tlie benefit | of the public ; and they are taken for the pe cuniary advantage of the licensed. Whilst the latter have a right to see that their own personal aim in soliciting the compact is attained, they should be careful that the public advantages con templated should also be secured. In old countries the two objects are admirably achieved; for the landlord knows that in proportion as he conduces to the first, will he succeed in realising the second. Effect would succeed cause as cer tainly in this as in the northern hemisphere, but some of our rural Bonifaces do not appear to be so well aware of the way to succeed as their European brethren. In Kngland (old England) an hotel, or inn, was another home, a temporary one, to the tra veller, affording less privacy than his own habi tation, but scarcely less comfort. Then, the road-side inns of Kngland—for.these are more especially analagous to our present subject—what sweet little snuggeries many of tliein were ! We trust that, in spite of railroads, some remain un altered. The sound of wheels was heard long before a vehicle arrived, and preparations for quadrupeds and bipeds were nearly completed by the time the driver drew rein opposite to the swinging and creaking effigy of a "White Hart," '-Tied Lion," " The Marquis of Granby,' "Lord Nelson," " The Duke of Wellington," or a "-Magpie and Stump." The tired horseman, the romantic pedestrian, the travelling trader, were equally welcome, and accommodated ac cording to their tastes and means. There was mirth in the carpeted parlour ; enjoyment in the capacious, clean, cool, nicely sanded coffee-room; comfort everywhere. Each viand was savoury, relishing, good of its kind, and " done to a turn." Every drinkable, from the plebeian home - j brewed to the comparatively aristocratic port and sherry was just as it should be—at least, so j decided the good-humour of wearied travellers, whose appetites acquired an additional incentive from the jolly , yet respectful civility of "mine host," and the brisk and housewifely attentions of his help-mate. There are houses, and several of them, in the bush of this colony, where a similar reception awaits the tired traveller. The architecture of | the inn may belong to some unascertained order; the waiters may not have been educated in the kid-glove school; the viands even may be strange to the eyes and palates of newly-imported colo nists, consisting, perhaps, of kangaroo-tail soup, a kangaroo steamer, an emu-steak pic, wild | turkey, as we call the bustard here, broiled par rots, bronze-wing pigeons, or something else equally " outlandish." Never mind. They are all delicious dishes, and if beef and mutton chance to be out of the way, the wanderer will thank " mine host" for an introduction to such excellent new acquaintances. The liquids are cold and refreshing, the apartments clean, and the owners of the establishment respectful and accommodat ing. Such is a correct picture of many an Aus tralian country tavern. And where should an unlucky wight feel cer tain of such road-side comfort, if not in Australia during the summer months, especially when the parching north wind is blowing? Perhaps he has driven, or ridden, thirty or forty miles, or walked half the distance. It may be that his only relief from a broiling sun has consisted in the partial obscuration of the latter by clouds of j pulverised stone. It may be that a bush-fire has'intercepted his path, and delayed his pro gress. He may arrive blackened with soot— half suffocated with smoke—excited by the rush and roar of impetuous flames careering up and down the portly gums or shea-oaks, and leaping from tree to tree—by the crackling of foliage and smaller timber—by the crash and corruscations occasioned by falling masses—and by the glare and heat of surrounding miles of conflagration. What does he require when he arrives at the nearest, yet perchance, distant inn ? Immediate refreshment, coolness, prompt attention, cleanli ness, rest. As we said, in most licensed houses he will obtain these. But should he be unfortunate | enough to stumble on one of the exceptions, his fate is most pitiable. Having arrived at the bourn so long desired, aud called repeatedly, he succeeds in attracting' to the interior of the building the landlord, who appears very much astonished and somewhat displeased at the ap parition. Nevertheless he retires, promising at some uncertain date to send an ostler, which latter individual, having considerately allowed the traveller time to destroy a thousand or so of burring and stinging insects, at length actually ar rives, and places him at liberty to investigate his own probabilities. The unlucky son of Adam enters the porch of the Yellow Kangaroo, the J oily Wallaby, the Bald-faced Bunyip, or whatever the house may be called, thinking of, but not ex pecting to find, oysters, cray-fish, pickled sal mon, veal-cutlets, cold poultry, pigeon pie, and j the like. The landlord, with most stoical in difference, shows him a very rancid piece of bacon, and a dried-lip, imall- poxy looking bit df colonial cheese. The hens have neglected to lay eggs, which might otherwise have inveigled the bacon downwards; and certain cowardly butter, scared by the heat, has run away. The poor Australian wanderer is much relieved by the suggestion of a mutton-chop ; and discusse" a bottle of ale or porter, while the pi'omised food is sent for. Now ale and porter ivill get cold, if they find an opportunity for doing so ; and every dealer in those liquids might afford them the requisite opportunity if he pleased. There fore the traveller has a right to be disappointed when, by his utmost efforts, he only succeeds in disengaging from a mountain of froth a diminutive quantity of luke-warm malt liquor. At length the chops arrive, and the hungry man fancies they look rather fresh. He immed iately recollects that he saw a butcher milling a sheep as he drove down the hill-side towards the inn. He cannot biit identify the detached fragments on the dish as connected with the scarcely defunct animal. They writhe and quiver on the platter as if desiring to be quite dead—in fact, he almost hears them bleat. Of course, even hunger does not welcome the distasteful food, and' as his only choice of sauces lies between two cruets of bad flat vinegar, one containing a large, and the other a smaller, in fusion of flies, he abandons the dinner question as hopeless, and resigns himself to subsequent discomfots as he best may. We have written fluently and sportively on this occasion, but we have not exaggerated facts: and as our aim in every article, whether on a political or social topic, is public benefit, we ap peal to that respectable class of men, the holders of licenses in rural districts, whether the wealthy traveller, the teamster, the moving workman* and others, are not entitled to more consideration than they receive at some of the country houses; and whether, as A ustralians never pay grudgingly, the landlords of the said houses would not bene fit themselves by providing a little more liberally and judiciously for the necessities and tastes of their customers ? Undoubtedly, by introducing reform into the matters alluded to, they would better fulfil the objects contemplated in granting them licenses. 